Everywhere he looked he was reminded of what he had accomplished. It made his chest burn pleasantly when he caught sight of people once loyal to Ross or Hammer enjoying themselves after a few years of hardworking betrayal. He had crushed many lives for the victory, but he knew the world would be far better for it. He may get named a tyrant by some but by the end of his plan he would be viewed as a savior, as a god, by all.
When those sweet blue eyes trailed over his face in adoration and desperate lust clouded them as he gazed over Tony's shoulders and thighs, probably imagining Tony pinning him down as they rut against one another...it made Tony's mouth water. Of course, Steve was a bit of an idiot at times. He was oblivious and dense and never noticed Tony returning those same looks and thoughts.
“Apparently I made mine crave stuff she was allergic to…so I made her suffer something bad. Howard too.” Tony laughed. “She took it all out on him.”
"Really don't care if you do." Josh hummed to himself as he pulled out his stencil to apply to Steve's skin. Apparently he was ready to put this on no matter what Steve thought. Truthfully, Steve was surprised Josh didn't just try to tie him to the chair and put this on him the instant he walked into the shop--this had been a massive, personal, and prideful project.
The soldier gasped and arched his back. Like Tony promised it hurt, but it felt amazing. “Uh…oh, g-god.” His eyes rolled back a moment and he had to close them to catch his breath. He still felt split open and new from the previous rounds, he had a feeling Tony knew this, so it was only a mild burn that added something delicious to the frantic sensation.
The doctor was nice enough and apparently highly regarded in his field but Steve just couldn’t feel comfortable wit him. He was too aware he was being studied and he found he could not let his guard down. He acted like a soldier, not a human, in the room, as the doctor so eloquently pointed out, and refused to drop proper manners or allow the conversation to go into his battles or Bucky. Apparently, this was not healthy but Steve didn't care. Those moments belonged to him and he wasn't ready to face them.
"This would be so much easier if you threw a tantrum," Tony groaned and rubbed his head. "You know, release something. Show that soul of yours to the people you like to call your family. Instead, you push us away and refuse to show us anything about you."
“I know that. I’m not against homosexuality. Or,” he looked up at Sam,  “Bisexuality, which you say I probably am.”
“Here Tony. I have two carts ready for Natasha and Thor. It should last them a few hours. Syringes with the different hallucinogenics and mutations at the ready. Be careful with those, they’re still a little testy.”
“And how about we don’t use good food for a wasteful challenge? What happened to the chubby-bunny thing with Peeps? Peeps are gross. You can waste as many of those as you want.” Tony noted. “I don’t think my Steve has tried enough junk food yet.”
Tony hissed and arched, feeling fire rip through his veins. It hurt, burned, but he loved it. Wanted more of it. It was power and knowledge and he could practically taste the winter pine coating over his tongue. This was better than any sex he had before, any fine bourbon, any drug that had once filled his veins. It was sweet and gorgeous and perfect, perfect, perfect.
“So I’ve heard.” He threw the blade up again and caught it. "Did his ramblings ever get on your last nerve too? The politics, the whining, the constant philosophical lectures…I couldn’t wait to…ah…” he trialed off.
Tony scowled. “She’s a little traitor. There is a massive toy-line of Avenger product and she wants Powerpuff Girls?”
Steve gripped his strong shoulders, “Yes, yes, yes, yes…oh god, yes, yes…more, just more…Tony…fuck, Tony. Please do more. Ah!
He knew, of course, Steve played a big part in his own health. The damned stubborn brat tended to let things get out of control when it concerned himself…another thing he’d need to be punished for. No one, not even Steve himself, can get away with harming Tony’s bride.
“I’m gonna get a Totoro. It’ll go on the other arm.” Clint continued as if he hadn’t heard his best friend. “The kids will love it.”
“I do.” The answer was immediate. “He is feeling claustrophobic and I don’t think his nightmares will begin to lessen until he has a chance to fight his demons fairly. Going outside may be a key component in his healing process. And also progress your relationship with him.”
Thor quickly picked up the animal before he made the jump, “Rocket is right Stark; the rabies comment was uncalled for.”
Tony pouted, “Not romantic enough? You are quite a gentle one…perhaps this,” he maneuvered his hips roughly against Steve again, “was too forward?”
“And that was mine! My Stevie made that for me!” He whined and reached for the bowl. Natasha just stabbed at him and then pushed him away with her boot and ate some more.
Something queasy formed in his stomach. His skin felt cold and itchy. He did not want more tests done to him. He did not want…what? He wasn't sure. Steve was confused and alone and he found he really did not like either fact.
“Yes, but just here and there…there is something…” He sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose, “It’s like there is a layer of saran wrap, you know that sticky plastic used to cover bowls of food and other shit, over everything. There is something there…but I just can’t quite make it out.”
“Right, well, right, it’s not fine.” He conceded with a nod. “But I honestly cannot do much now. Things are just the way they are.” Steve smiled. “Nothing can be done quite yet.”
“Of course.” Tony hummed in agreement. “But it is a start. Better than a ghost or ghoul or something dreadfully dead and boring.”
He needed sleep. His eyes burned from exhaustion but his mind, stomach, and leg ached too much to allow him comfort. Unable to walk, Steve decided to hoist himself up on his arms and look across the foot of his bed, against the wall. The winter night made it impossible for him to make out any outline, but according to the floor plan in the library, there should be something right there.
of you. If you want a “because of you” then you look at all the great things you made happen for thousands of others.”
“A lot.” Tony’s hand was still pressed on Steve’s chest. His fist clenched over the cotton shirt before it released to give his heartbeat a pet. “A whole lot.”
"You have a samurai on all of your bicep." Steve sighed, allowing his friend to manhandle him around to get a better look at the ink. Really, it couldn't be
Tony’s chest was nice. Shocked or not, Steve’s artistic side had to take notice. It was not as broad as Steve’s but then again, not many were. The chest had a gorgeous form of hard muscles from intense training and his belly surrounded by abs and a very nice amount of hair that trailed up to his pectorals and down…Steve quickly looked back up. His arms were bigger than expected too but Steve barely noticed them though a voice in the back of his head desperately wanted to draw the man.
“More,” he begged, his legs around Tony’s waist, god the feel of the jeans added on something even more to the feeling, to urge him on. “More, please. Please Tony. Please.”
Steve refused to look at him; he avoided eye contact as best as he could, feeling queasy and light-headed. "Dates."
“Whenever I say so.” Tony snapped, feeling a rush of heat at Steve’s whiny reaction. God, he reacted so gorgeous and perfectly. A sweet, stubborn sub for him to break and train into such a good boy. “And not before.”
“And it still might very well be. There are other possibilities at this moment in time that you need to keep in mind. Might I make a suggestion?”
With a soft chuckle, Tony could not help the warm smile spread over his face. Seeing his Steve so at ease and smiling…he was so different from when he first opened his eyes after the ice.
“I…” Steve shook his head, it was pounding and he was so confused. And flustered. And maybe just a little bit turned on. Which felt very inappropriate for the moment. “What are you doing?”
“Try three minutes, sir. Though superior to most all computers I still fall under the realm of reality and time.”
“And she’s going to continue it since you always cave in.” Steve grinned and nuzzled himself against Tony’s neck. “You spoil her, Tony.”
Steve opened but quickly closed his mouth. He felt queasy as the man did his best to ignore the blond.
At least he took comfort that none of the family had snuck in to play their version of a prank on him.
“Fucking hell.” And then he pressed his mouth and tongue against the tattoo. He lapped at it gentle, providing a little suck, and then proceeded to kiss it gentle over and over again. “You branded yourself.”
“T-Therapy?” ok, now Steve was really struggling to keep up. He tried to backtrack: first Tony was giving him the cold shoulder, then he was giving Steve a chance, then he was angry, then he asked for a visual on the tattoos, then he was touching Steve, then he was angry again, then lecturing, then more touching, then more lecturing, then laughter, then kissing, now more lecturing….
“Too bad, baby.” He took a few more bites of his breakfast before he had to push it away. “I gotta get ready. That was delicious, babe.” He grabbed Steve’s hand and gave it a kiss. “You’ll get a proper one when I don’t smell like potatoes.”
A living house was almost where Steve lost his sanity but after a few awkward conversations to an individual living in basically electricity he found he could handle it well.
The dates were standard American form with dots separating the numbers but a small horizontal dash separating each full-date. Most all were done in a thick black save for a few with special colors; purple, red, green, blue, silver, white...gold.
“No, my heir, look again. Watch again.” He titled Tony’s head back up to the images. “Look at the face he gave you. That is one of pain and love. One of a man doing something he doesn’t want to do.”
With fingers steadier than he anticipated, Tony removed his jeans and underwear, hissing when cool air hit his erection.
“Noted.” He looked thoughtful, “Maybe see if you can get someone part of the Avengers to adopt one. That’ll look really good for the PR.”
“You seem to have had some adventures yourself.” Thor noted, his normally jovial face hard and sad. “None, apparently, for the better.”
“Thank god for that.” Tony moaned against Steve’s lips. “I don’t know how I can shut that off now that you allowed it out.”
“Tony,” he licked his lips though quickly brought his tongue in when those brown eyes narrowed in on them hungrily. “Who…who is your new f-father you mentioned?”
“As long as I get to the birthday party I’m all good.” Clint, who had grown bored at the mention of adulting, was twirling an arrow around his fingers.
“I don’t think I told you this yet, but you look nice.” Steve motioned to him. It was the truth. Tony looked gorgeous in the suit. He looked powerful and demanded attention from all eyes.
“I’m going to be with you during this meeting.” Tony cooed as if he needed to provide comfort. “I’ve met the man before. He seems…nice.” How he said the word said otherwise. “But I want to make sure he’s right for this process.”
Steve had to smack the sink to get the water gushing out. Another thing to work on. His shoulders slumped and a pinprick of a headache started to form. His fatigue was getting the better of him already.
“No, Tony.” Steve still had a soft smile on his face. “I want to keep going. This means something more to me than self-torture.” He pressed his hand to his side, staring down at the numbers with something similar to affection. “It hurts. Most of them do carry something negative but not all of them. And it’s all special. They should not ever be forgotten.”
he loved about the son. The family was wealthy from the get-go and possibly had the ability to earn more coin in their bank. The son was handsome, there is no story that says otherwise, but he was supposedly eccentric and wild. Now as for taking apart the house, well, that was because supposedly the family was wealthier than they let on. Probably far more influenced by outside sources.” Sam muttered. “And the son, a strange man, could invent things that were unnatural, that could probably change the world. Hammer wanted that.”
Again, ocean and cold and Peggy’s crying crashed into his skull and he hunched over. He tried to take deep breaths and get his head from spinning so much. It would not stop. It spun and spun and bled blue and all of a sudden he could taste salted-water and foam. It filled his lungs and his head and he could not breathe.
“God, I love it when you curse. You sure you don’t want to me to just rut against you like an animal here?”
Natasha saw through the farce and snorted. “Get your whining out of your system. No one else is going to accept it just cause you’re cute.”
Hot tea boiled from a fireplace and perhaps some bread was their promised first meal in the new home. His stomach lurched miserably at the sad thought.
“Mine, fuck, fuck, mine, MINE.” With a few last powerful thrusts that left the bed quaking, Tony whited out with Steve tumbling after him with a high-pitched cry. Their stomachs filthy and slick but Tony didn’t care as he allowed his arms to give out so he could collapse and cover the dazed Steve.
At the stove, Steve looked back with a humored huff, “I figured she’d be after you when I told her no.”
Steve’s expression looked so breakable for a split second and he took a sharp intake of breath before he nodded with a tiny smile, “How did they meet?”
“Oh good, another idiot. Tony, really, you’re looking like a school-girl with that red-face of yours.” Natasha grunted.
Natasha heaved a deep sigh and approached the inventor, talking lowly to him. Tony just gave her a snort, pulled away, and finished his refill. She rolled her eyes, said something else, appearing testy. Steve wished he could hear what they were saying…he had a feeling it was about himself. Natasha always tried to be a medium between Steve and Tony, trying to patch up their fraying relationship to the best of her ability.
“Looking at him I just can’t believe…how could the geezer put him out there? How could he look at this perfection and not fight to keep him indoors where it was safe?”
“I am all for being a respectful boyfriend and listening but you’re killing me.” Steve whined. “When can I have you in me?”
“Hmm?” Tony’s fingers grabbed the front of the jeans and then there was a loud rip as he pulled them apart easily, shredding them off the gorgeous form of a very surprised Steve. “There…better.”
‘Fine though.’ He smiled to himself as he thought of Sam and Wanda. ‘I can keep handling it all. Yes, this will all be fine.’
“Mine. Mine. Mine.” He couldn’t stop saying it. It was absolute perfection. He needed to roar, showcase his alpha-maleness, to the world that he owned this man.
“These here,” she pointed and stopped, surprising Steve in his pursuit to keep up, “are records of the town. Some history and journals…now,” her fingers skirted across one shelf then another before she went, “ah-ha,” and pulled out a book. “Here we go.” Flipping through the pages the found what she was looking for and brought out a thick manila envelope and handed it over.
Biting his lip, Steve did his best to not say anything against the words. The whole town seemed very steady financially. It was their own homestead that did not fit in and showed signs of poverty.
“You’re my first partner, Tony.” Steve reminded nonchalantly. “I don’t know what I do or don’t like. I have to try it first.”
“We’ll be tabling that for later.” Steve sighed, rubbing his head. Tony and his protective twitches really needed stabilized before he made another dangerous bubble of love that could cause the breakdown of all reality. “I assume you are also still tracking me?”
“Anyway,” Steve grumbled. “Blue to match the color of Thor’s lightning. Silver for Bucky, yellow for Sam, pink for Wanda, and white for Vision. I am considering other colors for Peter and Scott and looking at different shades of blue or purple for Nebula…”
. Steve is not...he's not part of this. He's not going to be part of this. You stay the hell away from him."
Tony rubbed his head. Yep, this was the Avengers he was familiar with.  Nothing could ever out-weird them.
"Jealousy over my power is so unbecoming." Tony drawled. "How about I make it better, hmm? I’ll give you your own continent or something you can rule over. Want Antarctica? Plenty of quiet, nerdy stuff to do there. And penguins! Doesn’t the Mean Green love penguins? Who doesn’t love penguins? You can have an army of them. I think I’ll make an army of them as a matter of fact. Jarvis, make note of that. We'll give them cute jet-packs so they can finally fly.”
With a deep inhale again, his fingers trailed up and down Steve’s side, tracing his stomach and nipples. His Steve jerked slightly before he settled back into place once Tony stopped teasing him. He was sure the man’s nipples and stomach were tender from the attention he had provided them.
“Oh god.” He moaned and nuzzled himself up closer to his prize. His perfect Captain. He couldn’t wait to brag about this to Thor, the god who had more sex-stories than Tony (fair considering Thor was a few thousand years old) and see the big guy’s jealousy flair up at the sight of the beauty of Tony’s lover.
The young blond choked and nearly jumped back but Tony did not allow him. Teeth gave a soft, warning nip and Steve stilled.
“Well,” Tony shook out his hands, his system overflowing with emotions that were just yuck. “Ok, so…right…we’ve been together for four months…four amazing months, might I add…ok, so it’s four month, twenty-one days, and seven hours…but I’m not obsessively counting, stop giving me that look…anyway it’s been amazing and I wanted…fuck, this is stupid. Why am I making this hard?”
“And thank you for letting me fuck you till you cried.” He was elbowed in the stomach, though it did not stop him from laughing. He choked and gasped a little but it was so worth seeing those ears get red.
He pressed his hands under his armpits and took a sharp breath. It blew out of his mouth like steam from the disappearing train.
“Huh, he’d always kept his hair longer when I knew him.” Steve’s mouth fell down. “Did he treat her well?”
“No worries, dear heart, I’ll make it quite enjoyable.” And then he gave a nip, almost playfully cat like, to Steve’s chin. “That will be our main game. Now for our other…you have any guess? To what you’re in? What I am?”
sick. Born premature, had so many ailments, was a bit clumsy which never helped…I remember I would snap into fevers that lasted for days and she would be there for me. Stroking right over my eyebrows and would tell me stories of fairies and banshees from Ireland. She’d fill my head with so many images that I would constantly draw them when my hands could work properly.”
“Stark, I know you’re my boss but I’m here for Steve. You keep him inside much longer and he’ll resent you. I don’t want to see that happen since he’s so important.”
“Wait,” he blinked as he went through his books of the occult and supernatural. “Changed like Changeling?”
Clint paused in his work to reach over and grab the salad away from Tony’s greedy hands and shovel the food in his mouth. “So,” he choked a bit over a stray chicken cube, “How is McSexypants doing today?”
“Yes. And no, you’re not giving up organs for experiments either. You’re staying in one piece and you’re going to be safe and you’re going to be happy. You’re not going to be an experiment.”
“Just the wind,” he concluded again as he made his way out to prepare the home for the family’s awakening. “Just the wind.”
“Could be just an early honeymoon stage. You had a childish crush on him and now he’s real. It’s emotional turmoil and we all know that anything new tends to trigger your special way of thinking--”
Tony laughed a bit. “I’d rather start that when I can hear his responses.” He took a seat against the bed and started switching between kissing over Steve’s knuckles to petting his hair. “You know, for a man that supposedly knocked out a tank,” his lips quivered over the limp hand, unsure if they should smile or not, “he looks so fragile here.”
Gripping at his mid-section, he clenched his eyes close and took calming breaths. Nausea was hitting him and passing in a single motion and his teeth weren’t chattering as hard as they had been, something he hadn’t been aware of till just this second.
“Can’t get drunk.”  Steve grumbled right back and finished his alcoholic beverage with barely a blink.
Steve could not be patient. He needed to know. Nothing made sense and his legs and chest still felt wet and cold.
“I’ve chewed you out like I had nothing to do with it with this,” He looked down at the tattoos. “If I had just talked with you when we first met. If I had invited you to the Tower like I wanted, not left you alone and controlled by SHIELD. If I had just called you more…talked with you more…told you the truth…not always get so fucking angry at you over things you couldn’t control…just treated you like my Steve, this goofy kid with his bleeding heart on his sleeve, and not like my dad’s untouchable treasure…” he growled and those brown eyes got misty, “god, you could’ve been mine from the start.”
“Please,” Steve did not want Tony to lose this momentum of letting out his desires. It could be so hard to get the man to share at times and it was all Steve wanted so he had a better grasp at how to make him happy. All he wanted was to make Tony happy…and with this look, he could safely assume this could make Tony very,
Everyone within the frame looked important to Tony; from the redheaded woman with firm eyes, to the man with cropped blond hair giving a peace sign to the camera, to the tall man dressed in odd garments. There was even a young man, very young—probably only a teen—grinning as he hung off the arm of the man dressed so unusually.
Steve gulped and pressed his lips firmly together. He had some idea on what those words were…and he was not planning on saying them anytime soon.
“Too bad. I don’t care for what shouldn’t be. I care only for what I want.” He placed Steve back on the bed, pushing some hair from his eyes. “I’ll get you started on something light. They should be back any second now.”
And, well, that thought was a little bit horrifying as everyone knew what Stark could do to people he deemed as enemies.
“I guess so.” Steve wanted to touch it. It was so unusual and powerful looking. The glow was a soft blue and the edges so smooth with some beautiful, simple detail. “I find it a bit sad you need it but…but wow. You have things like this now? Ways to keep people alive?”
“I…we don’t really have any…and I can’t make you…wait, what? I need to work.” Terrifying experience or not, he had to get his tasks accomplished or Pierce will have his hide. Foolish or not, at this point he still feared his family far more than this mysterious man.
“It’ll be a memory.” Howard said. “What do you want the future to know after all this shit is done? What do you want us to sit down, all cozy, and watch to feel good about what happened?”
Steve pushed him back again. “Nothing. I’m fine.” He straightened his back and his face fell into something impassive. “You mentioned clean energy?”
She pointed to the door on her right. “Go through there and then take the stairs down. The library takes up half of the first floor and the entire basement. Natasha is downstairs.”
Looking around, everything seemed in right order. His bed was still neatly made, the curtains still drawn back, window opened…
His stomach churned slightly and he could feel the hair on the back of his neck raise. Danger was so close but he still could not quite place it. Like it was shifting through the shadows, out of his sight but there…what was it?
“Yes, sir.” His joints and limbs still felt so cold and painful. The money was heavy in his palm. Squeezing it, he could almost imagine the coins were hot. “Sam,” he nodded as he handed over the payment. “The Pierce family thanks you for the services today. We hope to use you in the future. But, I may need to…well, see about any services I could provide for you and the community.”
“With the way you look, little love, how could anyone resist answering?” The man from she shadows cooed.
The madness came six months after the crash when he was taken on a display run in Afghanistan and he met his nightmare. Five months locked in that darkness, facing torture, and coming to terms a family friend, someone he trusted, paid for it to happen was enough. He came out of the hellhole cave a changed man with a sharper, hungrier perspective of the world and what violence truly meant. And what he could do with it.
“I will need to teach you some patience.” Tony teased and rolled his hips against Steve, letting them boy see stars.
“Hmm,” the man seemed to understand what the underlining meaning was and kept it at that. “Well, keep your head down, ok? It’ll help at least with the wind and your eyes.”
Slowly, achingly, Steve picked himself up to get a better look around him. Though dark he could make out he was in a spacious bedroom. It was massive in size with windows that, though covered in unusual curtains, took up the whole wall to his right. He was on a large bed, larger than he’d ever seen in person, with soft pillows and sheets that almost felt like silk to the touch. His fingers danced over the material in confusion. Everything was very, very different from the barracks.
She grinned, her teeth sharp, “Ok, I can see you’re still fidgeting. Let’s get see if there is anyway we can get your jitters out. How is your equilibrium?”
“And I thought I face my fear and say no to my she-devil sister.” Clint’s shoulders sunk, an epic pout on his face. “She and Bruce are in cahoots. Saying it’s out of love. Psh, do I look unhealthy? Look at these biceps!”
“You are really talented at ruining the mood.” Steve still had to laugh, but his face was so red, up to his ears, that Tony knew that’s what he was offering.
“Hush, babe. Your noises are giving me really impure thoughts and you have told me you’re not up for quickies in public.”
“Doctors’ preferences.” Pepper said. “Just as a precaution. He’s--” The elevator finally stopped, chimed, and opened up. Tony bolted out and down the hallway, practically tripping over his five-hundred-dollar shoes. “He’s in room 804!” She called out with a shake of her head.
“Precious. Oh so precious.” He started to laugh again. “Never have I heard anything quite like it. You thought I was in danger and wanted to help me. You…” his chocolate eyes gazed over Steve’s body, “you…so gentle and soft,” all of a sudden he was back in front of Steve, no steps except he just appeared, his hand pressed against the side of Steve’s cheek, fingertips tenderly petting the soft gold hair. “You are…so gorgeous. So
“Same. I’m sure you’re going to be perfect for the job.” He gave another look to Tony, unsure why he was trying to make the moment hard on the man. It was like he wanted to chase Sam off and Steve really wanted to meet some more people.
“But I do not, sir. And if I did, I don’t believe I’d be trembling given your current state. Shall I make another cup for you?”
"My son," Thanos voice broke over the quiet room, vibrating the walls with an unspoken demand. "It is time."
“Oh, he will. No doubt. So, you,” she pointed to her pouty friend, “no alone time with the gorgeous blonde.”
“What does that mean?” At the term his barrier started to crawl up. People had tried to force him to do things for far too long.
The whole scene would make skin crawl, especially once the color red was brought it. Blood should stand out nicely, flowing down the drain under the light. With how large the warehouse room was, screams would bounce about with an echo-effect.
That could come tomorrow, he decided as he watched his family continue nag and joke around with each other. He’ll speak to Thor on some new torture methods. Maybe one of those pesky senators could become a nice little guinea pig for Bruce’s new project concerning radiation and the use of them in personal size weapons. It would be nice to see more side-affects on the human skin and tissue when used. It was not something they plan on selling or using often, but the concept of it sounded just too tempting for the scientists to ignore. Maybe that little worm Ross, who had tried so many underhanded techniques to get Bruce under the scalpel…maybe that would be enough to get the typically timid man a little more interested in the darker side of the work.
“Of course you love idea. You’re perfect. You’re fucking perfect. You were made for me so you would love the idea of gagging around my cock as I fuck your throat. Everything I want, you want. You gorgeous, perfect angel.” With a little movement, he pulled his soaking fingers out of Steve’s mouth with a slick pop.
He sulked some more when he realized she was talking about no more booze. Ok, so, yes he had used pyrotechnics and messed with heat-sensitive arsenal when he was a little tipsy ONCE, let it go Pepper. His attention instantly snapped up at her words.
“Hips up.” He growled, pleased when Steve instantly did as told. Tony yanked the pants down and discarded them somewhere else. Who cared where? That wasn’t as important as getting out of his own pants so their skin could be in full contact.
“Fuck,” Tony snarled, pushing Steve’s face down, so his nose was about to touch his lower stomach, and released himself down his captain’s throat. “Oh…oh, hell yes, babe…take it all down.
“Yeah, so,” Tony drawled out, keeping himself in front of Steve like a shield, “You’re not going any lower on him without me present.”
“Not your fault or you personally. It has so much to do with the Tesseract. You keeping it, hiding it away…it was without a doubt the best choice on the matter until other…details came in to take care of it. You genuinely saved millions of lives keeping that thing out of the wrong hands.”
Every few seconds, for a brief blink, would they part for a gasp of air but would soon be back to each other, hungry and desperate.
Tony did not respond for a moment, looking over the numbers, not quite able to see it as special as Steve did but understood its heavy beauty. His own chest, with its scars and metallic heart, was a burden he wasn’t sure he would ever change even with the amazing process of his tech. It was not something that he wanted to try and wash away any more.
“Yeah?” Steve pulled back in disbelief and sniffled. Nearly. He was so close to cracking but he refused to do that. “Really?”
“No, Tony.” Steve grumbled, his face red. “I’m talking about all of this here, together, in one place. How the hell does it keep happening to the same people? How is this statistically possible? There are a few billion people in the world and apparently all the world’s weirdness happens to circulate around the same six, now apparently seven, people.”
Hearing a voice within a supposed haunted house was certainly nothing to take light of…but he had to wonder if he had the dream because he was told the house was haunted. A trick of the mind and all of that.
“Sweetie, no, no.” Tony hushed and instantly gave another comforting kiss to his Steve. “He did it because he was a bitter man with his own insecurities. He was heartbroken about you, yes, but it was his own fault that he did this. Trust me.” He cupped Steve’s face gently. “It took me some time to realize it myself, but that’s the fact. If you blame yourself for his actions then you might as well blame me too.”
Steve jumped to his feet and bounced a bit. “I appreciate it. I do. I just…it’s still a bit much for me to think about courting and," he glared at the man when he snorted at the term, "dating Tony. Especially when I’m apparently ninety-years his senior.”
The former attic was basked in gold with all sorts of trinkets moving about, flasks bubbling with some sort of concoctions, and journals and leather-bound books sprawled around in a comforting mess. There was a red and gold rug, richer in color than any that had adorned the floors of the Pierce’s brownstone, laid about with papers strewn on top.
“Other than the haunting warning of cursed?” Sam’s lips twitched. It looked like his mood was slightly lightened by Steve’s obvious question. “There are more stories about them and what exactly was wrong with them…but I urge you not to ask around.”
“Right, right. No touchy.” Clint still had a grin to say he probably would touch again. He never learned not to touch hot pans when he was little and he’d continue to do it, if only to get a reaction.
“Lovely speech. I always enjoy the reminder of how amazing I am. But you’re still not getting the mead until the actual party.” Tony warned and waved a scolding finger. “Which isn’t until," he now dramatically checked his watch, "a few more hours. And I best not see you down some of that thousand-year brain killer until we
And he had plans on using his manhood for a long, long time (and in the very near future) so, no thank you. He’ll just mope and give her glares, and maybe attempt a pouty cold shoulder, for a few days and then get over it.
While Tony was finishing up some business a few floors below, Steve was left to stew over what transpired the past few hours and instead of feeling completely guilty he felt off.
"Holy hell there is a god." Josh grumbled, eyes narrowed. "I get you are a superhuman, Rogers, but I am looking forward to not feeling so nauseated in pounding ink into you like this. Ugh."
“It’s an amazing thing, Stevie!” The younger version of his father said, though the words were choppy and muffled with static. “It’s going to go big at the pictures. You’ll be seeing more of things like this,” he motioned to the camera, his arm wrapped around Steve’s shoulders, “in no time.”
. More. Tell me how much you want me to ruin you.” His fingers dipped dangerously between the cheeks, the tip of them brushing against his entrance and Steve lost it.
“Everyone still behaving?” He held out his hand and his knife, sharp and free of blood, was provided back by a groveling moron.
“You have far too much hurt on you, babe.” Tony noted, his voice surprisingly serious for how he was behaving just moments before. “Let’s get something a bit more fun and gorgeous…like me.”
ready. And I think he is too. He’s the sort who wants to face his opponent head on and his new opponent is this new life.” Sam finally turned to him, feeling stupid rather than brave. “Take him on a date.”
I'm hoping I am getting back into the writing groove because besides this I have updated Dangerous Tastes of Hope and made a new oneshot, Ink & Gold (yes this is a shameful plea to check them out, I need validation...someone give me food and tell me I did a good job cause 2020 and adulting has been hard, please). I also, surprise to everyone, have a good chunk done of the next chapter of The Iron Brand (gasp).
“I know the term makes it sound…bad.” Steve said. “But I wouldn’t see it like that. I’d hope you wouldn’t either. But…Bruce told me your company has also done things for the medical field…I would like to help with that.”
“I’ll think about letting him involved in the codes.” He finally said. “The idea of him fighting is not something I am ready to negotiate.”
The elevator walls became a punching temptation. “Well at least we’re a hundred percent positive of a mole rather than ninety-eight. You found out who it was?”
Feeling brave and open from seeing another side of Tony, Steve just grabbed the black shirt and pulled him in for a kiss, catching the tongue in his own mouth. Tony, who was caught off guard for a split second, eagerly went back to a make-out session, very pleased at Steve being a little pushy for attention.
Hands grabbed at his waist, halting his movements and pulled him back tightly to a firm body. Tony's thick arms wrapped securely around Steve and his head pressed softly against his neck. "Shhh, just take breaths. Deep breathes. It's ok. It's ok."
“I admit, I fought against him for so long. At least two hundred years. But, he makes sense in the end, doesn’t he?”
Rubbing the back of his neck, he maneuvered it around as the headache continued to bother him. ‘It’s still early in the move and I am working quite a bit but, really, I thought I was supposed to get a better reaction to clean air.’
“I know that. I know.” Tony snapped. “But we’ve learned that coincidences are far too dangerous to ever overlook.”
“I’m all for rough but if we’re going completely bare it’s going to be in bed. I can handle pain and…newness well enough but, yeah, I just lost my virginity a few hours ago. Show a guy some sympathy and romance.”
lie. He did not feel like he was in any danger, per say, but he did not feel alone. Said he had eyes on him,” she tapped the back of her head to show what she meant. “He said there was something waiting in the shadows, observing him. He felt like a mouse under the stare of a disinterested cat. Like he was free to roam but not for long and not without respect.”
“The fact that I, one of the most insecure men around, did not know you were suffering like this is a crime.” Tony winced. “I am sorry, baby.”
There was something cute about that. Something so sweet...but he was a liar. He did wrong. Steve was bad. He needed a punishment. Make him good again. Clean him from the filth the world covered him in. His sweet, sweet Steve.
Although his fingers felt stiff and frozen, Steve assisted the driver to push their belongings in any open crevice and upon the top. The wagon gave a little groan but it steadied itself and did not shudder or break.
It was a little awkward at first. Steve and anyone he saw knew he was someone different. It felt like eyes were on him. Within New York, he just simply disappeared. Here, now, he had too much attention and he found he disliked the feeling. However, he grew accustomed to it soon enough and he had a list of purchases ready for him to gather at the end of the day.
“Liar.” Steve reached up and gave a seductive lick under Tony’s chin, making pathetic little noises, anything to tempt Tony to start moving. “You want to force me to be good. Can’t do any forcing if I don’t act bad. You already showed you like punishing.”
They had talked and soon a dangerous plan grew in his mind and months later, Dr. Yinsen was dead, protecting Tony, and Tony was covered in a metallic monster…slaughtering everyone with a sense of glee.
“It’s about privacy and respect of boundaries.” Howard came over, picked Tony up and quickly put him down and away from the desk. They never held each other. They rarely even talked. “Which I don’t think you have.”
“T-Tony,” was there any other word in his vocabulary? Steve wasn’t sure. He also really, truly didn’t care. The feeling was astounding. He felt better than he ad in his life. His senses were on fire and everything felt, tasted, and smelled erotic. He couldn’t quite place any other adjective to it…but he wanted more. It was addicting.
Chapter Warnings: Blowjobs, Handjobs, Mentions of Torture, Dark Thoughts, Virginity Shame, Fear of a Father Figure
Jumping back down, the mud splattering on his boots and pants, he looked briefly at his work to try and ignore the terror creeping along each vertebra within his spine.
“Good. This isn’t a bad thing. You’re just excited, nervous, and happy. This would be overwhelming for anyone, meeting their lost hero, and you don’t handle emotions well at all.” She gave him a playful smirk. “No booze around to distract you.”
“I am more than willing to try out the Daddy-kink, but I think that’s still a little too far for your innocent mind.” Tony’s grin grew hungry at Steve’s confused stare. “Sleep, Steve.”
“I want to be able to pin you down. I want to use my suit one day so I actually have the power to hold you down and you have to accept it, not just that you’re giving up the power to me.”
“The latter is my thinking. I know there is a lot happening under the table and not going into the system…but I feel like there would be more than what I am finding.” He downed his coffee, flinching when he found it was a bit too hot, and wished he added a lot more sugar into it…or whiskey. “There has to be something I am missing.”
The fondness must have shown as once Sam arrived as the gentleman gave him a smile in greeting and helped him up on the seat beside him. He arrived in the same coach as the night before. Sam offered up to continue their small talk from before and Steve noticed he continued to avoid discussion of the house. Steve respected the upset and did not broach the topic.
Tony calmly inhaled and exhaled, keeping his stare off of the monster and just concentrated on not panicking. He was bounded by technology of another species, apparently one called the Skrull, with images from his head playing in front of them like a movie. His past, his parents, his torture…all laid out bare for this creature to watch as he pleased.
“Not working on me. You’re going to sleep.” She then gave him a playful smile. “You know, if you promise to be good I may have something you’ll be interested in upstairs. Before you, ah,” she pried the empty glass from his hand and placed it on the tray of a passing waiter. “Get all ready to handle heavy machinery.”
He was handsome, whoever the man was, almost painfully so. Howard was a nice looking bloke but even he would have some insecurities facing his not-quite-doppelganger.
Steve met up with him without pause, trying not to tremble in something he knew was not fear but something more hot and tempting. “Holy shit.”
"You deserve more than what you have allowed yourself. This man is the one for you. He'll make you stronger. Better. Why deny yourself this?" Thanos asked, truly curious.
Well, I will do my best to get this updated sooner than later. Luckily Dangerous Tastes of Hope is almost done so that’ll be one thing down…but I already have another idea of something I want to do so…yeah :/ the curse of a writer who likes something not so popular. Ugh…save me. Or please review. That may help. Almost as much as food.
“This still is hysterical.” Tony retorted and then grabbed Steve’s face and kissed him. Apparently the man in the iron suit felt like being merciful for a few moments and only gave Steve the softest, sweetest of kisses as their first.
“Sounds like it could get lonely that way.” Steve kept himself close to Tony’s side, their shoulders barely touching. It felt right, natural, to be so close to each other. Even as they walk, it felt like they were in synch with more knowledge of how the other moves. It felt as if Steve knew where to turn simply because of Tony and not because of familiarity with the Tower, his new home, but because of Tony himself.
“Tonight?” His voice sounded so tight to his ears. That was so soon. So quick. Was everything ready? Was every room in every home Tony owned prepared for their new resident? He should have bought more pillows and apple-tea. Peggy had mentioned in the past the Captain adored anything apple-flavor. Maybe Tony could get him an apple-print-snuggie? No, best stick with an Iron Man one. Maybe he should get both? God, the elevator was moving too slow.
After some prodding, he found the door, pressed tightly to the wall. His slender fingers found those edges and could almost get in but found he did not quite have the strength, or maybe it was the how, to get it opened. There was something locking him out. When he had pressed his eyes closer he could almost make out a locking mechanism.
It had been, what, two full nights and a day and a half experiencing the supposed haunted home that has an entire village quaking in fear and a history of madness…he was losing his mind a little too quickly for his taste.
That night, holding a custom pillow of the shield his mother had made for him, Tony found himself crying as he replayed that smile and those words in his head.
Not how it was when he left it. He had left it wide open with the full intention on getting in as much clean air and rid of as much dust as possible. Now the panes were narrowed back together, almost touching, letting in just a bit of the chill.
“This is what we have to look forward to every morning?” Brock grumbled over the chopped fruit and bread.
“I’ve heard that taking food from Fae might not be the wisest decision.” Steve quickly said, trying to keep Tony’s attention away from Pierce and his sons. No matter how rotten they were he would not wish for them to suffer a Fae’s wrath—not many deserved that. The only who came close was Schmidt…he hid a shudder from the memory of that man.
was it, right?” He held out his arms though Steve was unsure what he was motioning too. Everything around the two of them felt pretty magnificent and overwhelming. “You and I just started dating. You’re mine now. So you get the platinum treatment.”
“Well, well.” He took it eagerly after shedding himself of his jacket. Back in his room he didn't care about the idea of not drinking any more. Even sex sounded less appealing in comparison to flopping in his sheets and sleeping till the next afternoon. “Didn’t you tell me to go up the stairs to get the blood pumping and not be as drunk?”
“This…ok, look…I am always up for showing off what I am good at. As you know,” his finger seductively trailed up the jeans covering Steve’s thighs. “I feel like I made that point very clear last night.”
“Good on that, Stark.” Natasha cheered without enthusiasm and then did the exact same thing to Bruce. He gave off a high-pitched yelp and jumped away. “Ha. Pathetic.”
“T-Tony?” Steve couldn’t help but practically meep. What was the man talking about? What cabin and what babies? “I don’t--”
“You two?” Steve asked, looking a little exited. He was happy to learn more about Natasha and the group he was now going to be part of.
The coffee was exquisite and the bread was as sweet and dense as cake with syrup sugar and honey. It was soft on his tongue and was bright with spices. It reminded him of fall and it made a good attempt at warming him from internal terror that had chilled his bones.
Large hands came up and gently grasped at Steve’s throat, his dark eyes practically glowing gold as he hovered over the man who now felt very small. “Don’t speak unless I give you permission, love. I want to look at you…drink you in…take this moment to remind me that you’re here.”
“Mhm, yes,” He tilted his neck as Tony went back to it, providing easier access for the mouthy individual.
All the wants to hug and feed Jarvis scones were gone. The sarcastic twat. “Just send them the information and feel free to take your time with it."
“You bitch.” He grumbled, whining some more when she kicked him, and went back to Steve’s side looking for pity. “Steeeeve! She stole my food you made just for me!”
“Of course she’s involved. Her and Barnes’ obsession with you is disturbing.” Tony pouted and kissed the top of Steve’s head. “Right, so I guess that’ll continue.”
Steve swallowed down his warning for now. Perhaps the Pierce brood could keep their sharp-tongue and angry air to themselves to keep good company with their new, forever neighbors.
“Ah,” Steve nodded as he remembered the brothers whispering about some deaths in the household. How it was the last place of some heads of the Shield family before they fell unsettling ill. He had assumed perhaps mold or a form of cabin fever partnered with paranoia. “I heard some of the rumors. That the original builders of the manor disappeared, right?”
Most every day, Steve had to swallow down at least three screams of frustration. “Well they’re neighbors now. Wouldn’t it be easier to connect with them at some point so you do not have to be stuck within the house all day?”
I am having way too much fun with dark, sexy Tony. I'm not sure Steve has much of a chance. Poor baby.
“Clint is partially deaf but has unnatural senses that allows him to hit a target no matter how often or quickly they move.” She ticked off. “A younger member of the group, Peter, was bit by a spider and now has super strength and can shoot-webs out of his wrists.”
“It will probably smell.” Zemo, the youngest of the brothers, looked more soured face than he had entering the train that morning.
Steve was red face, avoiding eye contact with the multiple people grinning from the entrance of the elevator.
“Oh good lord, he’s as dumb as Clint.” Bruce groaned, covering his face in his hands, something that was a common occurrence in his life with this group. “Did he get sick?”
“I am certainly not against fun.” Steve said, breaking from his deep thoughts. “It certainly sounds like there will be a lot of it tonight…really, though, a
“I’m sure he’s fine.” Steve tugged at his jeans. They were incredibly comfortable. He found he liked them better than the slacks he’d worn all his life. Different but very pleasant.
Of course, the shower took a longer than it should’ve since neither could keep their hands and mouth off of each other but Steve did finally manage to get down to the gym level for his run and Tony made his way into his lab to get ahead on some work.
“Someone go get master, let him know his golden one is awake. Quickly!” Another clapped his hands, pointing at another two standing outside the doorway.
Tony swore he was going to buy out an art store for his Steve and a whole library of books on everything Ireland. Maybe take him there…had Steve even seen his mother’s country?
Moss and vines were crawling over it, with weeds sprouting up from a long forgotten garden. Perhaps only two hundred feet from its backside lay a forest. The trees swayed and creaked from the breeze and many of them were naked for the winter, without any leaves or foliage. Even so, Steve could not make out much within it. It was thick and dark.
‘Here’s to you, Captain.’ He toasted in silence as his smile fell sad. ‘It took over seventy years and for you to have to die but because of you all of this came to be. This is for you. You and mom.’ He closed his eyes a moment and sighed. ‘I know it’s not quite the route you wanted but you’d appreciate the end results, mom.’
Tony covered Steve’s hand, pressing it against the arc and sighed. He could feel the temper that had started to simmer begin to cool. Having Steve so close, touching him, made things begin to ease and soften. His Steve. “Yes.”
“Boo. You’re no fun.” Tony did not sound upset by any means. He preferred babe or darling, but wouldn’t let Steve know that. It would make for a nice threat.
Depression showed up first when he was fourteen after finally realizing, despite all his wealth, he came from an unhealthy family. He had a moron of a father who was in love with someone dead and could not let go of the past. It grew worse over the years as his head refused to calm down and he found himself unable to sleep because he just could not stop thinking and inventing. Starting to drink at age sixteen had not helped. Then that December night happened and he lost both his parents in one go. Over night he needed to learn how to be a CEO and owner of a multi-million-dollar tech company. He was not allowed to process their deaths. Tony was swept up to a conference the moment their funeral ended. Then he was constantly bombarded with unwanted attention, the promise of betrayal, and how any moment could be his last with his parents' legacy. It was enough to drive anyone mad.
“Uh-huh, walk it off mister. I want you in a slightly clearer head for this. I’ll meet you upstairs.” The woman smiled and turned him to the stairs before she sauntered off to the elevator. She was tempting him being all sexy and mysterious.
Sam physically relaxed and sighed. “And I thank you for that. The less I hear of this place the better.”
‘By my room.’ Steve tried not to let a chill run through his body. “He didn’t think it was just a glare or something similar?”
Josh was grinning from ear to ear. “I have gotten quite good at Iron Man stuff…I can put as many on him as you want.”
It took days. At the time Tony had no experience in the art of torture, only on the receiving in at that time, but he took it as a learning experience. Found ways to hurt but keep a human alive. He found himself growing very interested in the concept of medical research, primarily with the heart, and had Stane to thank for the jump in his understanding and research on how exactly that organ ticked. The room, deep below the streets of the tower, was still stained to this day from the festivities.
“They ran into each other and then had a whirlwind romance. They met off and on for a few years until one day mom got a bun in the oven and they decided to get hitched.”
?" Clint sneered. "Yeah, right, good one. Even I would get slaughtered and we have Budapest in our history. And a love-child-chicken. Even that doesn't defeat Steve."
“Yeah, I had thought of saving the reveal when we were all together but,” Steve shrugged, “Natasha and Bucky seem to know things without any notice. I wouldn’t have gotten two more feet before they had known something was up.”
“Of course I am.” He huffed and tried to straighten himself out. Quickly, he rubbed his eyes and cleared his throat. “I’m Tony Fucking Stark and this is my Steve Rogers. And nothing bad will happen to what’s mine.”
Tony’s brown eyes rolled to the back of his head as a migraine started. “Of course. We’re idiots. Do you know how deep in the government it goes?”
He pulled on his boots, strapping them tight to his calves for best support and leg attacks. He missed his own from the Iron Man suit, missed the ability to fly freely, but that would come later. His suit was slowly making progress into something magnificent. Even better than before. He was almost there...there was just something missing in that final understanding. How to take him from Tony Stark into something superior.
Instantly Steve popped in his head that he tried to move around. No, no. Not Steve. Thanos did not deserve to see Steve. Not Steve. Not his Steve.
“Funny enough, I can’t think of a single Avenger against it…except maybe Natasha. Pink wouldn’t be very stealthy.”
“You’ve lost your child, as I have.” Thanos’ tone was sympathetic and Tony lurched for him, snarling. The binds cut into his exposed skin but he didn’t care as all he wanted to do was rip at the grape’s juglar and end him in the most barbaric, hurtful way possible.
“Yeah, it is.” Tony kissed him again. “On some level. It really is.” His hand cupped the side of Steve’s face. “You have PTSD and some heavy-hitter depression. Probably anxiety to boot…you don’t handle it the same as me, but it’s there, clear as day. And you…your…" a pained expression went over his face as he tried to bite the words out, "suicidal tendencies…”
“Don’t take me for a weakling.” Nebula hissed, though it did not sound heated. She was starting to understand Avengers language well enough. She still seemed a bit askew when it concerned the concept of family but she was working hard to connect to everyone around her, in her own way.
He knew the blond will be grateful, he would make a fabulous parent for their children, but, again, telling him after a fever that severe with a shock to see Tony was alive and well…yeah, not his best move.
‘Holy hell, look at what you do to me, Cap. I’m still a lovesick loon for you. Even here in this SCI-FI epic torture landscape where I have a grape and tesatore flavored pringle trying to adopt me.’ He smiled to himself. ‘The power of that ass is too strong.’
Tony tried to catch his breath, his vision was slipping and he was losing his train of thought. He was fighting something before, right? Wasn't he? There was something important that he could not forget...but what was more important than Steve?
Sam, too, did not seem to enjoy the presences of the homestead, although his appeared something deeper than simple discomfort. His eyes darted around, doing their best to avoid staring upon the property for long. His gloved fingers clenched the reins tightly and he mumbled under his breath in a familiar prayer.
Steve turned over his shoulder, looking at the windowed pane that separated him from the family and found it comfortably shut. They wouldn’t want the winter air intruding on their time to mourn their loss of wealth.
“Shh, stop.” The man, Tony, gave a soft squeeze to Steve’s face. “Stop. You’re working yourself up. One thing at a time, ok? Your body and mind are trying to catch up that you’re in a far different place than when you went unconscious.”
His cheeks painfully red, Steve did as told and slowly dropped his pants and avoided Tony’s hungry and eager grin. “Oh. Commando…were you planning all of this you little, fucking tease?”
It was unfair that she could not see her son out in the healthy location that she had worked so desperately hard for.
Steve shrugged, “I’ve been putting it together. With what Howard did and his involvement with the war, the amount of money you have, the fact you have someone as dangerous as Nat at your service, and that you let it slip you used the Tesseract, yes,” he stopped Tony before he could start anything, “for clean energy or whatnot but there is no way seventy-years, and with the movies created, there have not been battles. You’re involved in something dangerous and some of it, probably not all of it but at least some, is behind this door.”
Steve shook his head. “No, no. I like blokes too. But this…I mean, if you’re really looking for…uh…something…I mean, this…” He trailed off miserably when he realized he still was not sure what was going on. He could be making a pretty big fool of himself sputtering nonsense. “What are you looking for exactly?”
“I’m a snob and have no control over my wallet.” Tony shrugged. “Besides, it’s black marble from Italy. Worth every penny.”
Flicking the hairy soap into the sink, Tony dabbed his face clean and stared at his reflection; he was still Tony Stark. Surely. Just a bit rough around the edges. A bit more wise for the wear. Stronger, dangerous, calmer...but still Tony Stark.
“I was told this is normal. Last time you closed your eyes you were…” The man trailed off and a pained look crossed his face. “But that’s done now and you’re safe here.”
“If he weren’t my brother I’d have a hard time understanding what he meant. He left the home after only a few minutes. He worried to overstep his welcome. But he said as he was leaving, he turned to…well he was not sure why. He just felt like he needed to. And he saw a figure at that large window.”
“Uh…huh. Inappropriate and weird. Rude too.” Steve looked around. “Nothing about…this?” He spun his finger around to motion to the magical room they were in.
"Progress. Right," Tony sneered. "It's about brainwashing. You're still looking for that something to make me break. Must be getting boring after all this time to see I am still the same. You about to put an end to it or what?"
“Tony,” he gasped, now unable to say anything else as he lost control over his body and started to try and meet Tony’s thrust. The impact made his bones rattle. It was so good…so fucking good. He kept meeting up with Tony and knew bliss was so close.
Tony laughed, “I appreciate that. You certainly know how to make a man feel special. But what you said is the same to you. You have to allow it for yourself too.” He picked up Steve’s hands and kissed the back of them. “You know that, right?”
“True. Bucky is still pretty sour over that.” He looked down at his wrist, still keeping it in sight, just wanting the man to take it, touch him…he decided just Tony giving him any sort of attention was more than good enough. “He really thought his thighs and face would always be enough to have a woman swoon in his favor.”
“Oooh, god yes. I can keep you pinned in place…there is something attractive about that, don’t you think?”
“I thought of you after we parted and how the worlds should remember you and what you tried to achieve. Seeing you still alive after my purpose was completed just made me understand there was more to my destiny than I believed.”
“It seems to have worked well with you.” He noted to their locked arms, since she had refused to let him away from her arms for much longer than Tony typically allowed. “Are the rest of you as clingy?”
"When I died. When I was revived. When I found out about Bucky...when I found out about your parents." Steve continued to look away. "When I dropped Bucky. When I first met Natasha. When I first met you."
“I am still curious as to…all this,” Steve maneuvered a bit to allow Tony some space, “is…I mean in one place!”
“We? Aren’t games supposed to be against one another?” Steve noted. “And you planning on getting off of me anytime soon or…?”
“Yes,” he hissed, his thumb brushing over the shield once again. His eyes took on an unholy light Bruce was used to and a twisted grin crawled over the dangerous man’s face. “Anything and everything we use for when friends come for a visit…I want it worse for when we find those involved in Hydra.”
“Hey,” Tony began a very mischievous and evil glint in his eye. “You got any other things I need to see under these pants of yours?”
“Because you are both idiots and he is a bit naïve. You’ll take advantage of him and his need to do a challenge. And no,” she held up her finger when he opened his mouth, “if you try to subtly challenge him to jump off the balcony we will figure it out, you’re not that smart, and we will then throw
“Shit,” he wheezed weakly. Gotta give him credit. When he got a fever, he got it hard. He hadn’t expected it to be as bad as it had been when he was a teen filled with delusions and night terrors and the inability to find right side up.
“It happened about a few months, maybe a few years, after the original family disappeared. Once the search for their bodies officially died but before the rumors started.” Sam tsked his tongue to urge the ponies to pick up the pace. “A man, a sort of friend, more of a rival, to the original family’s son had taken over the place.”
That was an impossible request but Steve did not bother Jarvis with his worries any longer. There was nothing he could do as of yet but, surely, he could figure something out. Tony was an important man, and important men were always in danger, perhaps Steve could offer up his services in that sense?
“Ugh.” Steve rubbed his face, miserable at the embarrassing act. Ok, he can admit it was a little stupid…but he couldn’t help it! He never thought one Tony Stark would be eager to have a make-out session with him! And yeah, ok, maybe under such light as thinking ‘I am so miserable no one would ever want to kiss me, so of course this sexy man whom I adore would only sexily bite me cause of friendship only’ did deserve some therapy.
"Stark, sir," one of the alien lackies greeted with a respectful bow. For the longest time, Tony had wanted contact with others besides Thanos but once he got it he was severely disappointed in how dull they all were. He could see why Thanos never chose any of them to take his place. Weaklings who needed, and desperately searched, for a leader. Sheep.
“I killed a lot of people for this." Tony corrected with a tsk. "The UN killed the trees. Don't blame me for the wrong murder."
“I’m sure Nat informed you of a possibility of a sect of Hydra being around.” Tony sat at his workstation, his expression dark.
“Well, here we go.” Tony grunted, dragging Steve out into the open. “Steve, everyone…everyone, my Steve…not yours, mine.”
Quickly, he pressed them under his arms and jumped on his feet as he waited for Sam’s arrival. His toes squished in his socks and he wondered if he could find some glue in town to keep his shoes from wearing apart.
Tony collapsed, his knee and hands catching himself as he inhaled and exhaled slowly. Slowly, he stood up, skin tingling, his fingertips ached for the touch of pale skin.
“We’ll make them cooler looking and not campy. Add a camera to it. I want to see what it’s like when it goes inside.” Tony ordered and Bruce started to take notes. “Keeping a few alive to further the medical innovation we’re doing would be beneficial as well.
Lord, his mouth watered and his face felt flushed at the sight of Tony as he finally kicked off his boxer-briefs and his whole glory was in sight. He was spectacular. Gorgeous. From his broad shoulders, smooth golden skin, warrior-like scars…god, Steve wanted to draw him desperately. But more than that…
“Yet you just sort of…appeared?” Steve tried to weigh his options. Should he make a run for it? The man was blocking the exit. Scream—probably not, no one would come to his aid. Attack? That seemed very, very unwise. Of course, his ridiculous curiosity said stay.
“I…wha…” He coughed, still trying to compute that Tony had given him a frightfully good…well, was that even a kiss? Holy hell. He could barely catch his breath and if he had been standing he would’ve been back on the floor in a weak pile of mush.
A smile went on his face and he started to feel settled. Finally, something to do. Of course, the difficult part would be speaking to Tony about it. The man was a bit overprotective but with Steve’s powers and abilities, there had to be something he could be of use for.
“Haven’t decided yet. Though I need to get him a ring.” Tony said as he tried to get another bite of food but Clint kept it to him possessively. “I was going to put attention on that after this. Speaking of,” he tapped his watch at the redhead. “Are we ready?”
“Hmm,” Thanos moved the image along to when Steve approached Bucky and helped him up, his shoulders slumping with something heavy before he dropped the shield on Tony’s command. “I see…a man torn between loyalties. That is not easy to face.”
“Yay, you’re getting along.” Tony’s voice carried something sharp. It sounded spiteful and Steve was unaware the pleasant man could take such a tone. “I guess the best way to see if this will work is to see you at it, Wilson. You ready to show us what you can do?”
“Oh,” Steve looked up and smiled. He was wearing a blue apron that was covered in splatters of red and his fingers were messy. “Yeah, I’m not the best at it because I never had access to many ingredients but I’ve picked up a few tricks over the years. I had Jarvis help me out with the recipe. He thought this would be a good place to start on.”
"Well, yeah, he has done so well that I just keep going back to him. Not many are comfortable with doing anything with me anyway. The healing makes it really difficult. Josh has to tattoo a single line numerous times for it to stick."
Swallowing thickly, trying to not become ill, Steve closed his eyes and counted down from five before he removed his shirt, dropping it to the ground so he couldn't quickly hide himself.
"Hey, me too!" Clint waved his hand. "I think I need something to make this side," he flexed his arm without a tattoo unnecessarily, "match the quality of the other."
Tony, panting from their spar, just threw the blond a flirty grin. "Maybe I don't want to damage that little ego of yours, Cap. Ever think of that?"
“Yeah, yeah.” He nodded. “It’s just that…God, Pepper, this is Captain America. He was everything to me growing up. That childish friend and protector a lonely kid clings to. Only I knew he was real and had the means to feed off on all the information there was about him. He,” there was a thick gulp. “He helped me become this. To change the world. He was this crutch I used for everything I went through. I went all blasphemous and would ask myself, throughout most everything, what would Cap do? Now I can meet him?
His instincts on being polite and danger were usually always on point so he allowed Tony to keep holding him for now.
“This is who I am.” Tony continued and approached Steve in a movement that could only be read as predatory.
“There is no man nor woman out there who would be deserving of you.” Tony sighed. “None could give you what I could.”
“Which is saying something.” Bruce lounged back on his chair, looking at his friend and leader in concern. “So it’s either the most advanced system in the galaxy or they’re using an obsolete or brand new coding system.”
Steve’s eyes narrowed. He had heard the home was probably not in the best of conditions, though no one was sure as it had not been looked at for some time, but Sam’s tone sounded like something else entirely than a few cracked windows. “What do you mean?”
The memory of the two day-long session of reads, questions, and horrendous boredom brought a terrible shudder over Tony's form. "Let's not think of that. As you said, it's signed and all mine. Done." He stretched back into his leather chair and sighed. The chair squeaked within the silent office-space as the group chewed over the world. Its weight was tremendous and grand but Tony found he did not mind its heaviness on his shoulders. When he looked around he could tell his comrades did not either.
It was the longest they spoke. It was hours. Howard filled Tony’s head with the real Steve Rogers, the one who had been washed away from urban legends and fickled government individuals. They started to talk more after that, almost always about Steve, but Tony found that was fine. He liked speaking with his father, especially about Steve.
The bath Tony promised him had been luxurious and Steve found no complaints once he was left alone to submerge himself in the water. Muscles he had not known were still hard with tension relaxed and he actually fell asleep. This of course led to an awkward introduction to a “person” named Jarvis who spoke up out of no where about the dangers of doing such when Steve was still in such a weak position.
Natasha smacked him upside the head, allowing Steve freedom and Tony able to get in between the two. “Mine, Barton!”
“Good.” Tony purred and glee and pride swelled in side Steve’s chest at the praise. “So good. You’ll do this so well.”
“You’re lucky you got the jump on me. Clearly I am a frightening presences who can take you on without trouble.” Steve snorted. “I’m not a threat. Especially if you are what you say you are…is there any reason I need to be pinned like this?”
“Tony,” Steve pulled back when Tony went for another kiss. “Are you sure? I mean…can this…augh,” he threw his free hand up in the air. “This is confusing. I don’t…I mean, you’re real swell--”
Steve sighed in relief. “Thank you.”  He looked over Sam’s shoulder and stepped back a bit and said lowly. “Now is the perfect time to do that.” He gave a meek wave to a person behind Sam and then started jogging on the track.
Steve had come to learn Tony did not trust easily. Nor did he give out compliments unless they were somehow double-edged with something biting.
Thoughts of break-ups whispered in his ear and he did his best to shoo them away. It couldn’t be something like that so he refused to humor the thought.
“I spoke to the mail carrier. We can only really expect mail on Tuesdays and they do not make home deliveries. So we, uh, I will need to go there myself to check for anything.”
Steve said nothing and waited for him to speak up.  He would flinch back if Tony tried to get closer again and he internally groaned. What a man. What an infuriating amazing man. He just woke up in the twenty-first century, was alone and confused, and yet he was more focused on his final mission than anything else. Did he not want to think of something else? Mourn? Cry?  Just be selfish?
“Again.” Tony’s hand gently went to Steve’s chest. His fingers splayed over where his heart was. “I said again, Steve.”
“You will be fine.” Steve had said, so softly, in his memories that blended in with his realistic daydreams. Steve had hugged him, allowing him to sob over his loss, whispering gentle promises of happiness.
All of a sudden Tony snarled and ripped at Steve’s shirt. He shredded it and threw it off the bed, yanking at Steve’s jogging pants next.
Panicking, Steve took a peek over to Tony who was doing his very best to ignore the younger man in the smaller space.
Steve moaned pathetically, trying to push Tony’s shirt off of him. Briefly separating, Tony pulled his shirt off and allowed Steve’s hand to roam greedily over his chest. Tony allowed his head to roll back, grunting in pleasure as Steve’s artists hands gently touched over his abs, trailing down at his hips, then back up to practically worship the arc.
On his fifth day into his new life, Steve worried he would forever be broken. Perhaps not the most fair assessment given the short-timeline but one that felt real enough none the less. If he failed to make the right step in his new life he'd fall straight into that dark abyss of himself and never find his way out. It was constantly there, constantly reminding him of what he had lost and what more he may lose if he messed up. He felt empty and full and heavy with nothing. It was bitter and haunting and he wanted it to stop.
“Tell me, Steven,” Pierce ordered, snapping his napkin in the air before pressing it gently on his lap. “What is it that took up so much of your time today?”
"You better believe it." His thumb unfairly brushed over Steve’s exposed nipple and Steve jerked. “Talk before I get too distracted on doing things,” he flipped over it again, “to you.”
“Oh, my poor baby.” Tony pushed his free hand through Steve’s hair, tugging. It was so disappointing that the young man was unconscious and could not respond. His father had wrote notes, supposedly for teasing and scientific purposes but Tony knew better, that Steve reacted to hair touching.
“Then I’ll leave you two to the rest of the session.” Tony brought out his cellphone and scowled. “I apparently have some more business I need to tend to.”
“That’s what everyone calls it here.” Sam interrupted. “That was actually the last family who lived in it. Of course, that was about thirty-some years ago. It’s really been left alone to rot. We’re all surprised people were interested in it.”
“Even with our systems and brilliant minds no one can predict something like that. However,” Pepper frowned and turned off the tablet with a shake of her head. “They’re all rather confident that Steve Rogers was awake after the crash. Bruised, bloody, broken yes, but conscious. He saw the water coming for him. Add that to the Depression, experiments, and war…. they all want him in therapy the moment he’s coherent and fed. I have to agree with that assessment.”
Zemo nodded slowly, “Go on then. I’ll inform father. You may just need to go on and get started on the next room. I can tell you if he requests your update directly.”
“Anthony.” Steve repeated. It was a strong name but did not sound exactly threatening. No foreboding chill rushed through his body. He felt rather normal, if warmed, at the name. Apparently, the first name was not cursed.
Steve did not look very convinced but then he took on that stubborn look that Tony was beginning to get used to, and know Steve was about to do something he probably shouldn’t, and then in a swift movement, before he lost his nerve, he went down to between Tony’s legs and swallowed him as deep as he could.
“According to basically every tale and rumor around; doubtful. Supposedly Hammer was rather infatuated with the son, but was rejected publically…many times. Regardless, he thought himself the proper heir to the manor and took over. It wasn’t very pretty. He smeared their names, dabbled in unsavory rituals, started to take the house apart--”
“Bastard.” Of all the people to lecture about being patient…what a laugh. Growling, Steve pulled Tony close, giving him a filthy kiss and decided to play by his game and see who really went insane first. Dirty talking and these desires of Tony were new to Steve, but he was very good at following his instincts and reading exactly what Tony wanted. He won’t take this domination from Tony, not by a long shot. But by god, he was going to make the genius
“Yes! More than ok. I just…had sort of given up on the idea. Didn’t think it would really work out for me and how I am.” He smiled. “I thought I was just going to be a soldier, you know?”
“Not…well,” Steve looked unsure, “Maybe? Not like the operations,” he winced as Tony’s face started to take on a look of horror, “not like that…and no, we don’t have to talk about it. I meant like…I don't know…of course I knew you’d ask me and talk to me about it before you did anything. I didn’t think you’d hurt me. But like, draw blood or get some tissue or something easy like that.”
“It must show how I feel about you if I am giving up such a scheme of mine. I was able to get away with a lot.”
“Hmph.” Tony was dressed differently today. The past few days he’d been in sleeveless shirts to show off his muscles or shirts with what were apparently bands imprinted on them and jeans. Now he was dressed in a fine three piece-suit, a red tie, and shoes that were so shiny Steve wondered if he ever wore them before.
“Don’t even begin,” Tony snapped. “You jumping out of planes, jumping in front of bullets, jumping…just jumping into danger without any consideration for your safety at all…”
“Now I want sex.” Tony gave a lick to the skin and reached around to grab at Steve’s backside, massaging the cheeks to show exactly what he was interested in.
Tony had briefly found himself distracted by Steve’s hair and wet eyes, his heart broke at the sight, and it took him a moment to answer. The gold locks were just so soft and such a rich, pretty color. And those pretty eyes should never look so sad...he needed to do something to make his Steve happy. He could buy something for him. Maybe the Empire State building?
Squinting, he could not make out any handle…perhaps it was meant to be more of a secret door? His imagination could stretch enough to see that as a possibility but he guessed the original residences did not need constant access to the top most level and they did not want an awkward door visible.
Tony didn’t seem impressed by the show of power. In fact, he almost looked amused. “Ok, that’s fair. But it may be a bit much. Just,” he squeezed the hand again. “Just let me know, ok?”
Something in him warmed at the thought. He would not fool himself into thinking Steve would become some sort of househusband, but there was something very appealing about the thought. Steve in warm sweaters, making coffee or tea, as he was unaware his bare toes still had paint on them. Every room and wall would have a painting or sketch of his in full display and Tony would make sure to have something patriotic around to be a brat. Everything would feel and smell clean and homely with Steve around.
He shuddered, trying no to fall into the trap of another attack. ‘No, we’re doing better. We can’t depend on these people for so much for any longer. It’s not fair to them. We got to get over this, Rogers.’
“And you blush.” She grinned evilly. “That’s cute. No wonder Stark wants to eat you up. He and I appreciate similar tastes in people.”
"You'll go to the main allies in this and a few who need a little nudge. You'll arrive back Thursday evening when we make everything a televised event.If anyone does anything that may postpone your vacation time you and your team are free to do whatever necessary to get it back on schedule. Deal?"
“Ok…well…ah, shit.” He groaned and then rushed after the man. Luckily, or maybe FRIDAY was on his side, the elevator stayed open and Steve jumped in. It was suffocating and silent for the next ten seconds as the elevator brought them down to the labs.
It was nice, Josh decided, to see the man get attention like this. He really deserved it. Maybe now the blond would not seem so breakable and sad whenever he was in the chair getting those numbers imprinted on his skin.
“I think that couch is longer than my old apartment.” Steve could not tell if he wanted to laugh or throw up.
He gritted his teeth and tried to shrug the slimey words out of his ears. The world had dirtied his Steve. Tried to suffocate him and take him away for what was right in the world. No. No. He already faced this line of thinking. It was fine. It wasn’t right. No. No. “If he had just listened to me…”
Steve had always liked blokes just as much as he liked the gals. He just never thought of really pursuing any one because he’d be made even more of an exile. Besides, a guy could take only so much rejection in his life. And sex and dating had just never really felt important to him. Sure, he got an urge he handled himself on occasion and he’d people-watch couples often, but he accepted his lack of appeal very early on in age and focused on a bit more important things in his life; like school, or his mama, or not starving, or dying from a papercut.
“She’s worse than you.” Steve tried to move his hips away when Tony made another grab at him. “I am connecting well with Bruce here. We apparently are suffering together.”
She nodded solemnly. “Stories say that the mother made a deal or she gave herself to a demon or fairy for a chance to have a child. Whatever the origin, in the end, it was said the boy was not natural. Too beautiful, too smart, too cunning. Then when he was reaching the age of thirty something happened.”
Howard looked at the photo and something longing, an expression of complete tenderness that Tony had never seen his father hold before, “Important people.”
His head bowed and he sighed, “Of course not, sir. All three bedrooms done by Monday. I’ll see it done.”
His suit, still there of sorts, was broken but fixable. His fingers continued to tinker and play and grow but nothing came from it. Thanos allowed him to use his suit to some degree but no matter what he did or add the damned thing did nothing against those meaty, purple hands that knew death better than anyone else.
“He deserved it.” Steve kissed Tony, trying to get his heart rate down. Goddamn, that had been a ride. “So…adoption, huh?”
“It must be the PTSD.” He muttered to himself as he made his way to the main hall of the penthouse. “Sam warned me it likes to show up at nasty times.”
“You’re ruining me.” Steve said with a dreamy smile. “I guess it’s not as intense as yesterday’s morning greeting.”
There was something in Tony’s stare, some open heartache, as he gazed upon the gentle profile of Steve. “He would. He would sacrifice everything. He just…he just thought their happiness outweighed their safety.”
Tony rolled his eyes, “Maybe after we let their sobs go for a few minutes we take the tongues first. This is already causing me a migraine. The echoes will be miserable.”
“Tony?” Steve made a timid reach for him but paused and pulled his hand back, a lost and guilty look crossing his features. This wasn’t…was it? This had to be impossible, the man was not there before him, looking…looking…
"Morning." Tony breathed out in awe, always taken aback by the sight of his husband. Basked in a golden light, his cheeks flushed pink, and his hair in a desperate need for a haircut. His feet were bare and he was in a ridiculous apron with Snoopy Dog printed over it that was splattered with blueberry pancake batter. "Beautiful."
All of the disappointment evaporated complete and he looked at Tony with open surprise, his eyes a little misty. “You want me to meet them?”
“Good.” Tony nodded with a warm smile as he watched as Steve’s speed began to pick up and he was then flying. He could watch his Steve move and run at any time. It was graceful and powerful. Beautiful even. It also helped that his chest bounced in such a way that left Tony salivating. “Have you clocked him?”
Bruce snorted but quickly after let out a small chuckle. “I don’t think the Star Accords gives you the rights to give away continents like party-bags. But I appreciate the gesture.”
Nothing. The wrong thing. You're exhausting yourself. Just let go and take the happiness you deserve. You deserve it, Tony. Take it. It's fine. It's yours. Take it. Take it. TAKE IT.
“You’re trying to delay me seeing the reason you can, apparently, fly.” Steve tilted his head. “What’s wrong?”
“I saw the look before, when I mentioned how I didn’t remember her often enough. You looked like a kicked puppy.” Tony’s fingers gave Steve’s a squeeze. “There are very little records of her. Birth certificate and some bills to her name but not much.”
It was not his own group but Steve was looking forward to the meeting. To see someone outside of Tony and perhaps start getting his new life figured out. Tony, however, was not quite yet ready to give Steve any sort of privacy as he had tried a few times to help Steve into his new attire before Steve finally plucked the man up like a cat and tossed him out. It only lasted long enough to get Steve into his pants and shirts and Tony had barged right back in with a pout.
‘They never learn.’ He thought as he moved around, avoiding their eyes by keeping his own on the ground. ‘He caused so much trouble and now they want to crawl back to him.’
The feelings made Steve wished Tony kept sleeping with him at night but the solider had pushed to have his own space. At least to not risk the man getting elbowed in the gut, nearly breaking a rib, again after Steve thrashed from a nightmare. There was some comfort, though also incredibly unsettling, to figure Tony would give this to him for a few days before he would demand access back in the room at night.
Now, I have to decide if I will up the rating to Explicit or not. I got time to decide! We'll see what you all want from the story/what I feel works best. I'll say, if I do not change the rating by next chapter I do not think the story will become more graphic than it already is. I'm also unsure if this will ever have an actual plot besides just their life together in these unusual circumstances. I don't know if it's needed either.
He was blessed, truly blessed, that his designated bedroom had its own washroom. His previous servant quarters did not have the luxury and he’d have to use one down a narrow hallway that others that had been employed used as well. Getting warm showers or quick access to the toiletries was rare. Now that he was the last to remain under Pierce, and this man had some advanced plumbing, Steve could have showers whenever he had time.
“He stole him from me.” Tony growled. “No…he…” He shook his head. That wasn’t what happened, right? Steve left him. Steve chose Bucky. Steve was a liar.
“I told you she’d know.” Nebula spoke in that soft raspy whisper of hers. There was no ridicule or impatience in her voice. Steve never had any trouble recruiting the blue-cyborg on these impossible escapes. Much like himself, she was desperate to find the kidnapped Tony Stark. She just knew when to back off when Natasha showed up. Steve didn’t.
to leave.” He dragged Steve towards the elevator where he gave him one more kiss. “See you tomorrow, love. And you best get some sleep.”
“Stark, I just want to be honest with this. He needs to get outside. This man hasn’t been stuck indoors for so long in years. He’s growing restless and thinking too much on things he can’t change. I’m not saying I have to go with him. But he needs fresh air.”
Steve paled and swallowed thickly, looking over to see Tony pausing at the entry to the open kitchen. The dark-haired man stared at the group, his eyes narrowing and mouth pulled into a frown when his dark eyes locked with Steve’s.
“About forty minutes ago when you used the restroom. But then you returned and went back to your same position. You did not lounge properly.”
Tony was watching him closely and did not partake in much of the treats provided. His glasses and coat were removed, his handsome face free in the open and provided a painful distraction to Steve’s thoughts.
“Congrats, you have a fever.” She continued, her voice strained. “You’ve lost twenty pounds—not good for you since your metabolism burns too much too fast. And this was in two weeks.” She gently touched his side, “It is showing. After you rest you need to eat.”
He swallowed thickly and found his feet felt frozen in muck and soft wood around the station and he had a desperate twitch to throw himself back on the train and just see where it took him.
“Yes, we are stopping that conversation. Besides, I’m interested in you.” Tony’s hand reached over to cover Steve’s, which still delicately held the picture. “What about you?”
The librarian’s desk was near the stairs and another woman was there, reading as well, with an oil-lamp near by. She had sharp features and fiery red-hair. There was something intimidating about her, more so than Wanda, and it took a moment for Steve to find strength in himself to make a greeting.
“Yes, yes, we'll paint our nails together.” Tony shooed the pre-teen girl away. “Focus on the medicine.”
His fingers danced over the beautiful piece, still reeling that this was what Captain America chose when he was offered any weapon for use. A shield. The opposite, but perfect partner, to Tony himself.
She puffed her cheeks out in frustration. With her chubby, flushed cheeks and her big eyes all watery as she whimpered out “D-Daddy,” she looked too adorable for words and Tony gave a pitiful look to his husband.
Steve came in to make a brief acquaintance and to make sure he knew the routine to pick up the Pierce’s mail. It was possible things were not quite yet settled legally, so he’d need to be familiar with the mail-system in the town.
“What? Apparently I have to be ridiculously blunt for you to catch on. Don’t get all pure maiden on me.”
She had said from her hospital bed, only a day after Steve had been found. She had handled the idea of Steve’s return well though he could see a lot of pain in her eyes over her former beloved soldier.
She sighed and covered him up. “Just sleep, sleep. We’ll talk about getting Tony back when you wake up.”
“I stopped by the library,” Steve informed, keeping his back straight in military stance. Peirce preferred his charges, now his only one, to remain in under his thumb like a solider to a general. “I studied over the design of the house so I could ensure anything I do will be safe.”
Thor just grinned as if it were his plan all along though everyone noticed him, sourly, push back his hidden bottle of Asgard liquor.
It was an odd, dangling statement but Steve could not pay attention to it. “I,” he licked his dried lips as he looked at the skyline. “I think I appreciate it. But…but can I sit down? Just for a minute. My head is a bit light.”
“Oh, well,” Steve tried not to wince but failed. “There was a fire and we think those copies were in where it happened. Luckily, the deed to the home was elsewhere.”
To angelblack3 and michi_thekiller: I don't believe you're into the Avenger-fandom, and I apologize for not making something especially for you...but I wanted you and anyone who reads this to know how much of an amazing inspiration you both are and hope more people will trickle your way to see that.
“It basically means the best of the best.” Tony laughed in pleasure. “You’re about to be pampered, doll-face. Anything you want, you get. You’ll get the best food, the best toys, the best
The soldier was very aware of himself and his flaws and knew he probably would have kept everything inside of him, pulling himself away from anyone who got near, as he desperately sought for another dangerous battle to get lost in. Hungry for action and movement to keep his mind from thinking about anything else. Tony and Sam made this course impossible. He had no choice but to face reality. Steve appreciated and loathed them for it.
?” He huffed out the name, still not pleased with how Steve had said it before. “And you’re not Steve’s Josh. You’re ours. Steve can’t have anyone on his own.”
The bed’s sheets and comforters, once red and gold, were dusty and looked to be wearing thin but were somehow rather untouched by the decaying home. Steve slept as best as he could in the new place, which was better than he expected. He was eager to return to it in the night and see what else was within the room. There was a an itch in the back of Steve’s mind that told him there was something more to it than what he could see.
Shrugging, he rolled up his sleeves past his elbows, and went back out to his bedroom but stopped and frowned.
The other man did not appear super nervous. Or he hid it real well. “Mr. Stark.” He looked at Steve and smiled. “Mr. Rogers.”
“The tension is getting too much to handle. Are you two gonna make out in front of us or…?” Clint tilted a brow and waved a hand over his face. “Cause that’s both ew and hot at the same time.”
Natasha hummed to herself, came up behind Steve, wrapped her arms around his waist, and then with a little
Steve gaped at the ceiling, unable to intake any air as Tony pounded into him without mercy. Tears were falling from his eyes and saliva dripping down the corner of his mouth as he mind went empty of all thoughts except for
"I...wait...wait." Tony took a step back and inhaled, pinching the bridge of his nose. "Let me catch up. You, Steve Rogers, have tattoos."
He pressed his nose against the side of Steve’s exposed neck and took in a deep inhale. His lips trailed up, reaching Steve’s own.
“Let’s not be late with the dinner tomorrow.” Pierce wiped his mouth and then lounged back. “I’m done. Clean the dishes and then get to your room.”
He had not intended to. Hell, he’d seen a whole lot of naked men in his life, with doctor-visits, his mother’s job at the hospital, and being in the army. He just had not expected a stranger who was showing him a strange new world to just promptly take off his shirt. It was a meep of surprise, of course, but he had to clear his throat in embarrassment at the sound.
Wrapping his arms around her torso, he pinned her down to the mat below. Growling, she wrapped her legs around him now, and maneuvered around to get on top—being in this same position before, Steve freed a hand and allowed the momentum to carry his open palm hit to its target. Natasha tried to block but she only managed to prevent his own fist from hitting her, but his strength had it that the back of her own hand smacked into her eye.
"Then show me. Prove me wrong." He led the human into the memory room where the technology awaited. Tony didn't bother to fight but went over and allowed it to pick him up, needles penetrating his skin, and felt the glow of the mind stone wrap over him. He was being invaded with a promise of it all stopping if he just relented. If he'd just stop being stubborn and see the truth.
? You don’t have to call me sire or my lord or whatever shit the minions are feeling at the moment. Now that gets on my nerves. The groveling…the moronic weakness. All trying to please me as if that would be enough to spare their lives.”
His fingers were too close to the golden arc and Steve quickly tried to push the touch away. He was close to panting and his skin was on fire, “T-Tony, you’re getting a little…too much…”
Walking down the hall of memories, Steve stopped before each photo to observe the details of the people within. It felt as if he were getting to know another side of Tony.
Tony stepped closer, "I know some of you tend to willfully forget how smart I am. How dangerous I am. I do my part to help you to forget, to show you I am more than a man in an iron suit who has billions in his bank because I have hyperactive brain. Natasha has shown us she likes soap-operas, dogs, can eat banana and peanut butter sandwiches every day without tiring, and is an encyclopedia of nerdy pop-culture references. Clint would drop everything to be a full-time dad if it wouldn't drive his wife up the wall, that his daughter is the biggest daddy's girl known to man and would have a herd of ponies if she asked, wife’s wrath be damned, and he has an unhealthy obsession with everything organic and chickens. What are you, Cap, outside of being a fucking shield?"
Tony grinned brightly, “Now you’re speaking my language. Now, I know I was told no to the penguins in jetpacks but what about flying electronic rats?”
So…yeah, after three years it’s been updated! Yay? I hope the people reading it are still around and happy! Sorry for how long it took…this story is such a pain in the ass. I love it. I plan on continuing it. But wow, did I pour way too much detail into this. This thing was supposed to be a one-shot. Now it’s looking at four to five chapters…ugh.
Of course, he sniggered to himself, the purple bastard wouldn’t complain too much. He’d probably be ecstatic, in his own way, on the idea of grandchildren.
"Hey, sweetheart." He cooed as he looked down at the little blond, sleeping on her tummy. Tony gently pat her, easing her awake. "Breakfast time."
“Now what the fuck is going on?” He checked over the blinking messages and paused. His heart leapt to his throat and he was on his feet in an instant. “J-Jarvis? No...it wasn't supposed to be until tonight.”
Josh said he was never offended by clients who did so, but Steve always liked to hear the hum of the machines and be able to share conversation when it didn't interrupt the artist. Podcasts and music was fine and all, but it made his head feel too full and he found it too easy to drift into hyper focus on each individual number being scratched into his skin.
“Sam Wilson, sir. He has been a strong supporter of you for some time. He was also one of the best air-pilots of your winged system before he was honorably discharged. He has actually made many applications to join the Avengers. He works at a veteran facility and has stunning reviews and recommendations on the work he does for them, both physically and mentally.”
Steve took another look at the home. Terror of a curse was small in comparison to the unknown, the loneliness, and the expectation of pain. This house, this place, could provide him something new but he was not ignorant enough to expect change instantly.
Walking out, Tony did not pause for anyone. Everyone understood they were to get out of his way when he was in the hall. Thanos wouldn't have it. The heir is bowed down to; he does not stop for anyone else. If they do not, it was Tony's responsibility to ensure they never do such disrespect again.
“Wow,” upon the walls were shelves and hanging photographs. Some were places or robots but most all of them were people.
Tony had warned him that multiple people from his group lived within the Tower but he hadn’t told him any were around. He had also failed to inform Steve on who was who.
Thanos continued to swipe through his memories of Steve like he was reading him like an Ipad.. “A strong man. Beautiful and kind. Smart. Naïve.”
“His serum must be affecting the predicted timeline because I can assure you this is not a mistake. The medical equipment and room sensors have been lit sir. Mr. Rogers is waking up.”
“Ehh, he’s gotta point, angel-man.” A talking raccoon pointed out as he jumped on the table, motioning to all of Thor. “You’re the only one here who can match this psycho’s sexy.”
Picking himself up, he glared daggers at the door as it opened up and Thanos came in. He wielded two blades, one taller than Tony, and tossed the other to the young man. "Your suit's progress is well?"
“For sure. Later, you lucky bastard.” And he signed off; probably to go spread the rumor about Captain America. Of all the people to know first it was the spy with the big mouth. How he became a spy was still a mystery to Tony.
“I think I need to have a chat with them and to stop telling you things…I won’t lie I am bummed that I don’t get to see you flustered as I am sure you were the first time you heard all of this.”
“Shh, it’s ok.” Not-Howard pressed his free palm against Steve’s cheeks. “You’re alive. You’re out of the water. This is real, ok?”
“Well, you now have the real thing. I do not believe you need to feel petty about those cards anymore.
“He’s here. Now.” Something inside Tony now wanted to burst. He wanted to show everything of Steve off. “Look, look.” He transferred the feed to Clint’s screen. “That’s him. In the Tower. He’s asleep. Injured. You know, of course he was, cause he crashed a whole plane into the ocean. But he’s here. Healing. He’s going to be an Avenger. But not like front lines Avengers. More like cheerleader Avenger. Away from danger forever. He’s mine by the way.”
Tilting his head and his paper, he looked over the map of his new residences and scowled. The art style of it was something he could follow easily enough but the measurements were confusing at best. Steve wished he could take the blueprints home to get a clearer picture but this would have to do for now…perhaps he could find a way to get paper and pencils to take notes.
“Ah, shit, I didn’t take care of you enough…you’re still too weak for this.” The man, the monster, actually looked worried. “Lay down, gently, love. Gently.”
Tony’s fingers pulled away from his shoulders and found themselves up Steve’s cotton shirt. They skipped across the skin of his stomach a few times before the touch became starved. They remained primarily on his stomach and chest but occasional a fingernail would press against a nipple or the fingertips would get a little too low inside his pants.
“You look good in black.” His eyes trained on the boxer-briefs clinging perfectly against Steve’s hips. “I think blue, for your eyes,” he licked Steve’s cheek, “fits you best, but…then again, you do look good in everything.”
Steve gave a off a whine, shuddering under the pressure building up in his stomach, as he whipped his head around. His senses were on fire and his mind was melting. He couldn’t breathe, yet he could, and he couldn’t feel, and yet he could…so much…too much.
“If it exists you’ll find it. Don’t worry about it. He needs your focus. We both know any day he is going to collapse on himself because what he is living through will finally hit him. He’ll need you to be clear headed and not ready to kill.” She placed her hand on his broad back, “Calm down.”
"About. Not there yet." Steve shifted a bit, pulling his jacket close around him. Something felt...odd between them in this conversation. No longer quite as awkward or angry…but something different and heavy. "Just getting past my hip...yeah, it's heading down that way."
With a little hum, his heart soaring over his victory, Tony hopped down the stairs to one of the meeting rooms everyone should be in. He could feel the tension seeping through the door; apparently they were all still the same. Filled with drama and so serious.
Despite it being so long, he found he still could remember where everything was. It was his palace after all. Certainly better than the ship. He would like this to be his main base as he took care of the final few steps and then, he smiled, then it was an early retirement.
“Stop it.” Steve whined. “I thought I could handle this. I shouldn’t be making you laugh because I’m an idiot.”
It cracked Tony up at how marvelously inconsistent and easy to manipulate it was. To think he had been so naive to think it was something so easy to understand when he was at earth.
Tony managed to smile and popped his back. “Well then, I seem to have a few hours until he’s done. Time to get to work. The curtains for our show rise tomorrow, after all.”
Tony quickly kissed him before he could release a sound of pure rage. He wanted to kill, he wanted to rip something apart and make someone else feel the pain his captain felt.
“Remember what I said, Steve. Ignore Clint.” Natasha reminded from the communal kitchen, pulling out two Gatorades and tossed one to her new sparring buddy. “Drink that and we’ll see about a run in a bit.”
They did not say anything more till after they had all of Steve’s purchases within the wagon and was nearly to the rock from their earlier meeting point.
“Again.” Tony snarled, pulling up Steve’s hips, trying to fold him in half to have a better way to brutalize Steve’s prostate.
Steve closed his eyes. He had to let it all go. He told himself he could do whatever was necessary to make everything easier. Including letting his mother and her resting place go.
“The best.” Steve did not bother to fight the smile on his face.  “She was amazing and sacrificed so much for me. I was
“No." He snapped harsher than intended. "You’re not going to hide from a relationship out of guilt. I won’t let you.” Tony used his free hand to cup Steve’s face. The motion was tender but his eyes were fierce. “You’ll kill yourself if you start on that route. A terrible thing happened to you, but it happened to you…not
“Best I can do. That god caused a lot of problems for me.” He held up his finger and made the beckoning motion and his blade shuddered before it re-followed its path and was back in Tony’s fingers. He went back to playing with it, spinning it from its tip on his finger, not drawing any blood. He watched it, almost mildly entranced, seeming to be rather bored of the conservation.
“Hold your knees to your chest.” Tony ordered, his voice tight. He reached over to find the lube, wherever it fell under their bed, “Spread yourself out.”
“Anyone else here you see who has clearly lost his marbles?” The creature sneered in what was a clear Brooklyn accent. “Ya reek of the crazy.”
He had not realized he was shaking until he reopened his eyes after his heart started to ease up. His stomach gave an unsettled lurch at the thought of finishing his breakfast and pushed the remaining bites in the disposal.
“Wrong trees.” Natasha said. She was up on her feet, side pressed on his chair, as she played with her phone. The light glinted on her red-hair and made the bruises and scabs on her right hand bloom darker. It was another reminder of where they had come from and what they had accomplished. The remainders of the final necessities it took to win the world. A few words from the Black Widow had plenty of people willing to keep jaws shut. Of course, it helped a few dignitaries had their jaws wired shut after a talk. Tony noticed Natasha carried wounds around finer than pearls. He still made a mental note to buy her the best set of pearls on the market for her hard work. Probably with a wire lining for future missions.
It was times like this Tony really wished Jarvis still had a physical body, that he was still his Jarvis, so he could hug him or feed him a scone or something. “Thanks buddy.”
As you can see the timeline is a little different. Pretty much Howard and Maria how Tony later in their life by just a little bit. They still died when he was roughly eighteen but within that same year was when he was kidnapped and went through the life-changing time in the cave. And it was the cave that changed him and has warped his viewpoints a bit.So he's been working as Iron Man and building up this "world order" since he came out of the cave.
With a shake of his head Tony kissed his nose and dragged himself away. “You eat your food. I’ll find you when I’m ready, ok?”
“No…maybe three years.” Tony confessed. “Enough time. There were so many opportunities and he chose not to. He picked someone else. He lied to me. He’s a liar.”
“Yeah,” The blond shrugged, “It looks like the others are getting interested in getting the same one. I mean…I had hoped they, you…everyone,” he sputtered, “would but--”
Another was of Steve from behind, peeking over his shoulder as he sketched something out. It was of the beautiful woman, now known as Peggy, and it looked so gentle.  For a moment Tony had wished his hands could create art like that rather than little robots and schematics. At that moment, Steve’s art looked far more inspiring.
Then Steve had been introduced to the time-periods television and what an experience that was. There were thousands of things he was told he had to watch and Tony started with a few movies closer to Steve’s time period. Tony grew bored of them quickly and soon brought out things he said were the true classics.
Steve looked at him and felt himself once again far too full of Tony. Was it really so wrong? And Tony appeared to really want it and, God, it felt so wrong to deny him something. After everything Tony had done for Steve all he was asking back was a little bit of trust and an attempt at something romantic. How could he consider saying no to that?
“Well, we apparently are now making a list.” Steve grinned. “I can say this turned out a lot better than what I expected when you said we needed to talk.”
Josh, still a bit surprised to find a massive chunk of the world-famous Avengers in his studio, pursed his lips, “You gonna be able to make it to all his appointments?”
“Uuuughhhh…” he flopped back. Just when he potentially found a kindred spirit everyone had to cockblock him. It wasn’t fair.
Natasha looked over his wrist, tilting it around to get a good look over the image. Her nails traced over the mark, looking at it closely, slowly figuring out what she was looking at before she looked up at him, a question in her eyes.
He knew there was something more, something far darker behind Tony’s warm eyes, than he’d been allowed to see. Even back in his time, no one got so much money without hurting others…and Tony had a lot of riches. There was a woman who was, without any doubt in Steve’s mind, a killer who did work in a group run by Tony that would not provide any information unless Tony allowed it. All members could be out doing something,
Doubtful they shared any positive merriment towards Steve and their present situation. So, it unsettled something within him to be on the receiving end of the gift. But why question their thoughts and methods? It never got him anywhere. Usually, it earned him a sharp smack of a cane or bruising grip on his wrist.
Steve yelped and looked back up, seeing nothing but the inky blackness of the attic before him. His heart throbbed in his throat and he looked around; it was still. Empty.
For the first time in a long time a singular, important person needed him. And, God, how he did not want to fail him.
He was still in his and shirt from when he passed out, so he didn’t suspect he had been out for too long…maybe a day. No one would let him stay in these if he went longer than that.
“You have big eyes, squishy cheeks,” she rolled her eyes when Steve reached up and touched his face in a self conscious manner, “in a good way, don’t be so sensitive. Anyway, a sweetheart smile, and an aura that really screams you’re made of marshmallows and unicorns and butterflies. That can, you know, also crush skulls with your thighs. Just a cute way about crushing them.”
Steve tenderly reached out and touched a mahogany desk. On one side was an intricate microscope and on the other a magnifying glass that looked to be made of solid gold with a cerulean stone at the end of it…clearly something that cost more than some homesteads. The desk was firm and…real.
Truly, besides a few moments where he’d get overwhelmed or lost in nightmares Steve found he could ignore the brutal pain and crushing loneliness for the most part and pretend to deal with everything in easy stride.
“Yeah. Ok, sounds good.” Steve still continued to tenderly touch over the circular item with open tenderness.
“Were they?” Thanos tilted his head. “Why does he not show pain for his friend’s pain? Why does he grip your bride so?”
“God, I love your serum.” Tony pushed in deeper, grunting as he finally reached deep end, bottoming out. “Helps that you seem to be a bit of a masochist.”
“Oh, oh my darling little heart. What a treasure you are.” He stared at Steve with heavy-lidded eyes and a lazy grin that promised something sinful. “You actually thought
Another surge of pleasurable fire rushed through him and he could see that future of his clearer than before; Steve, their children, the power, the safety, the good of it all...
“Guess I may need to see about using this other side.” Steve said, taking a peek at his more empty side.
He was instantly blinded by gold and warmth. The moment his eyes landed on the unconscious form everything in his brain shorted-out and his breath was knocked out of him.
“You’re face is boring.” Tony gave Steve another kiss and pinch and then went back to where his computer was to contact Pepper and Rhodes about an impromptu ‘meet the future husband’ party.
“Not when the shoulders shook as if laughing and it rose its hand to wave him off.” Wanda shifted in her seat and she, too, started to look uncomfortable.
“Very.” He gasped as Tony pulled out and he felt a liquid mess start to seep from him. “Yeah, a shower, please.”
“Yes. I want a baby, cap.” His chest was heaving and his irises were blown wide. “I want to put a baby in
“I like you, Steve. A lot. I’ve liked you for the longest time. From comics to Howard’s stories, you’ve always just been something special to me. And I want something with you. A romantic relationship. And I want it badly.”
Steve laughed, "You sure you should say things like that when you really want to be a father? What would the girls think?"
"You know, my son. Balance is key in everything, including ruling. Including chaos and restoration. I was able to maintain balance on my own, on some level, but even I know that two is stronger. A king needs a queen," he murmured, "this man is the bride for you."
“Fuck. Well,” he licked his lips, dropping the shirt he was about to put on and approached his sleeping man, “I tried.”
Tony poked at his nose,  “How about a shower and some breakfast? Or,” he looked over at the clock and saw it was near one in the afternoon. “Lunch?  I am sure you’re starving.”
“Sir, people are starting to arrive. Pizza will be delivered in approximately forty-five minutes and Thor has begun to sneak around you bar.” Jarvis interrupted, much to the dismay of the genius.
“Did. This is an older model. One of my firsts. I keep him out as a reminder to myself. He’s a bit old and clunky but…god, I love this thing.”
He was exhausted and was a bit worried about hearing why he was special. So far the only time he’d been seen as special was when he became a super-solider and could take a few hits more than a normal human. He didn’t want to complain, he was very grateful for it, but he understood the term always carried something more…material to it than anything else.
“Is there a point to all of this?” Tony finally managed out, his temper and fear making it hard to keep silent.
“Psh, yeah right. I’m sure there will be plenty that will like to poke fun at that but really, we only see you as twenty-seven.”
Well, that certainly wouldn’t work on an every day scale. At least Tony seemed to know that. But, well, Steve was a soldier and being told what to do, no matter how stubborn he was, came with the territory. Having Tony with an authoritative tone tell Steve everything…he shuddered as a rush of excitement went over him.
“Not in front of Steve, please. I just met him.” Bruce whimpered. “Just let me meet someone in a mildly normal way.”
“Whoa, you’re getting all mature on us?” Clint held up his hands in awe. “Power has changed you, Stark. I don’t think I like it.”
“Z-Zemo…” It had only been two hours? It felt like it had been half the day at least. “S-Sorry…sorry, just…a lot of work…I…” His hands were shaking. “Was trying to make sure every inch of the floorboard was in tact.”
"What exactly do you do now?" He waited for a brief moment before he titled his head, "My guess is you won't say."
That made Wanda smile, “Not many know of it. It is small. Was.” She shrugged again. “We left due to war. In our country, in Europe in general, we never underestimate the possibility of the supernatural. But since we’ve arrived here I have not been to the house. My brother has. He tried to sneak in because he is an idiot.”
“Yes, thank you for screaming this out for the world to hear, Barton.” Tony snapped and simultaneously puffed out his chest.
Another video was of Steve just smiling and laughing with the other man from the picture. And Tony knew there was something special about a smile like that. He had never seen someone with that expression. He hadn’t realized until that point that he had never seen a genuine, kind smile before. Tony used his astounding memory to memorize it.
“Then I’ll be off after the festivities tonight. I have little doubt it will progress swiftly. Father does enjoy your company.” Thor grinned.
“Keep them away from cat-videos!” Clint ordered, as he seemed to be urging Tony to tackle the massive Thor to the ground. “Come on, Stark—show off your authority and take that bastard to the ground. You can take a supernatural being from another world who controls lightning and has a big-ass hammer! I believe in you!”
"I can't go in as often as I want." Steve pushed on. "It should've been done a while ago but with missions and-and...being on the run for a while and money...uh...just life got in the way at times."
“Well,” he rubbed his face as he looked down at his darling with some guilt. “That was a whoops on my part.”
“At least let me go back and really focus on my words. I’m a god at flirting, Steve, a god. Thor has nothing on me. I refuse to believe I was anything but obvious that I wanted to come down your throat.”
Chapter Warnings: mentions of (future) male-pregnancy, (future) forced cross-dressing, dubious moments, and a mean Tony Stark.
“You had me spewing curses, lost control over not mouth fucking you, and I came hard down your throat. Yes, babe, you did more than ok.” He kissed Steve’s forehead. “Shit, you really pick up things fast.”
Steve grabbed the hem of his pants, feeling a bit bold and maybe ready to show all of it to Tony, and jerked it down to show him exactly what he meant. “I had this on me probably six months after we met. The dates were later.”
“Where is a broom? I’m going to hit you with it.” Steve stumbled off the desk, crossing his arms over his chest and glared. He was told he received the firm look from his mother who, without any doubt in his mind, could chase shadows from a disproval frown. Apparently it was an Irish-mother trait.
He still let the dishwasher have a finishing round with all the dishware. Now, that was an invention. The plates came out so sanitized and hot. Although Steve may have dumpster-dived once or twice in his life and eaten fallen portions off of war-torn earth, he still appreciated cleanliness, thank you. Besides, anything that provided heat was a friend of his.  Just a little chill had a tendency of snapping him into a panic attack where he would shiver for hours.
“Hmm, beautiful things, aren’t they? Fickle though. Not just power…but personality. Some can use them but not all can control them. You need to be picked for that.”
“So good.” Tony breathed out, sounding drunk. “I want that mouth on my cock later, love. I want to choke you with it.”
The air tasted foul in their compartment. His travel companions kept quiet, not even talking amongst themselves as they busied themselves with newspapers or their own books and journals. Occasionally, tobacco was shared for pipes but overall the family was firm and silent.
.” Tony corrected. “And I didn’t pick out all the lettuce and tomatoes out so I got some healthy benefit.”
“Ha.” Natasha snorted, looking over her friend with an unimpressed look. “No. Steve is now the cutest member in the group.”
Steve was about to catch Tony’s hand to still him from the intimate touching but froze. “The…Tesseract?”
was your responsibility, that everything was your fault. I helped make you turn into this closed off mess.”
“Maybe I could think clearer without a strange man holding me.” He made a small move to break from the grasp but it was ironclad, the term made him quiver slightly, tighter than shackles and yet gentle. His pulse rushed and he feared the man felt it.
His heart in his stomach, feeling nauseated, he pushed his jacket off and reached to the hem of his shirt, surprised to find himself freezing. His fingers were shaking. He was shaking. Why was he shaking?
After he coughed it back up, he looked at the mess and then at Thor, “I’ll get ten in me, just you watch.”
Shaking his head, Steve went back to his meal and chores once Tony disappeared. He was acting like a love-struck fool and was still too suspicious for his own good. So the man had muscles—many men and women do. Nothing like that should give Steve any cause for thought or startle.
Panting, Tony pulled back to give them both a chance to breathe. Though Steve had a feeling it was for his own benefit, as someone clearly experienced and trained as Tony was probably knew how to take breaths during a kiss. Steve appreciated the concern though because he was quite sure he was about to collapse.
“It’s hard.” Tony sighed. “I can’t imagine just how hard. But please, try? I really want you to try.”
I am seriously dying from the Tony/Steve drought. I feel like Endgame (tho probably Civil War has really chased the inspiration from so many great writers and it's killing me. We need more positive bottom!Steve stories with Tony.
“No.” Natasha stepped in, pressing a finger on each of their foreheads and pushing them away from each other. “Knew it. Twenty seconds and you both are ready to start a knitting club.”
“Ooh-ho! Funny man!” The raccoon blistered, his fur puffing up as he started to point drastically at Tony. “Yeah, let’s all bring up rabies to the raccoon. Real politically correct there, bud. You racist bastard. I oughta come over there and bite that friggen nose off your sexy psycho face--”
“Fine, fine,” Tony went back to laughing, pulling Steve’s hands away. “Come on, let me see your face…it must be fantastic…ah, there we go.” His grin was devilish. “Yeah, cute. Your face is so red.”
Feeling brave and in the moment of more, Steve went to Tony’s own and fumbled with the button and zipper.
“He’s not a zombie. He never died.” Tony grouched. “We,” Pepper cleared her throat, “I mean my wonderful Pepper, and Pepper only, here found…she found,” it sounded so unusual coming out his lips to a stranger. It was still to fantastical and delicate.
“The comics apparently really over-exaggerated his muscles and chiseled, manly features.” Pepper noted from the doorway. “Even Howard’s black and whites of him, while outstanding for the time, didn’t do him justice. He was frozen before he saw the age twenty-seven.”
.” Tony hissed. “You weren’t even twenty-five when you got out of the ice and I allowed you to take charge because I wanted someone else to hold everything up because I’m a selfish prick.”
At first, Tony did not see the answer to the curiousity. To him there was nothing special in his hands. It was just a picture with no colors of four people: three men and a woman. With a squint he realized one of the men was his dad, just a lot younger. The woman was very pretty and at first he thought it was his mom, as she was the prettiest woman ever, but realized soon after it was not. The other man had dark hair, a masculine jawline, and a smirk as he had his arm thrown over the final man.
“Only a little. The people here did not fill us in either. We just researched a bit, my brother was an idiot, and then we respectfully pulled back. We enjoy it here and do not wish to cause any issues to our friends. I will say, please don’t use its true name.”
With another quiet moment to himself and his thoughts, taking time to picture his mother and her strong smile, Steve opened his eyes and nodded to himself and the challenge ahead.
“Yeah, yeah, that’s it.” Tony hummed as he dragged himself out slowly only to thrust back in painfully fast. “Take it all, baby. God, you were meant for this. Oh god, I fit so well in you. Fuck, yes.”
“Oh a little. Not much.” Tony straightened himself out, pulling at his cuffs and looked Steve over as if seeing him for the first time. “Apparently I’m blinding.”
“Not really.” Tony winced. “I’m pretty damn sure on a lot of things I want. It’s just saying them aloud is a little more personal that I expected.”
“You don’t have to worry about that, dick.” Tony gripped the handle of the blade tight before he made a motion to stab, hoping to feel the pop of the bastards skin. Instead, he found himself flipped over and a fist the size of his entire torso slam into his gut.
“Sometimes fear is what is necessary.” Thanos did something and the screen with his memories changed to where he was building his first suit in the cave. “Fear brought you to strength and glory. You’ve reimagined reality and made the world your own.”
“Well, just,” he cleared his throat. It always caught him off guard how quickly the tone and anger shifted within the man. He was predictably unpredictable with his displeasure and how he showed it. Really though, Steve knew it was just to keep his employees shaking under a brutal fist. “That way I can work on your bedrooms without any disturbance to you.”
Tony went back to kissing him, pumping his tongue in and out past the pink lips. He shoved his cock up against Steve’s, reaching down to hold them together in his large hand, and began to rut.
Steve let out a yelp, catching Tony’s attention and ire as he watched Thor laugh gleefully and threw the smaller blond over his shoulders. “Thor! That’s mine! Put him down!”
He shuddered himself awake, feeling the tremors of the heavy feet of Thanos approaching. Steve, Morgan, and Sarah with their lake-house to be filled with their Avengers family was his and he would not have good ol monstrous pops ruin any of it for him. It was his salvation.
“You’re touch-starved.” Sam explained as he counted Steve’s pushups with a clicker. “Up to a hundred and eighteen. My thumb is burning, man.”
It couldn’t be said Steve didn’t fight, but some things weren’t meant to be beaten and no matter how stubborn one could be, and Steve was the king moron of stubbornness, sleep tended to win. With a head still lost in a memory of coffee-caramel eyes, the room spinning to shaking, noises muffled by too much while his head felt like it was filled with cotton and he wanted it to stop.
"Despite the influence the continuous use the stones have on you, you are still just human. You still have some limitations that I want to see rid from your body to ensure you are the best you can be." Thanos chuckled to himself. "Do not worry, you should not obtain my skin color that you so fondly love to ridicule."
Tony hummed and his fingers danced up along Steve’s arm. “Nothing to be nervous about. No one is going to hurt you.”
His dark eyes honed in onto the bare skin and the silk cascading over the beautiful body. As promised, there were bruises and bite marks all over and it was divine. So delicious and tempting...
The familiar metallic voice resonated within the office as a holographic screen of the August calendar appeared above his desk. “You have meetings over the next three weeks, however next Thursday you only have one. If you wish I’ll reschedule it to take place in the morning leaving you with better time to work with an attack.”
Tony burst out laughing and his nerves started to steady, if just a bit, “That is amazingly moronic.
Tony swallowed thickly. Thanos rarely used his name. It was always son or heir, with occasional Stark. Anthony rarely meant anything good for him.
That pretty sound was enough to get Tony done with the swift prep. He needed inside Steve and he was going to get what he wanted, when he wanted.
