Balthazar finally looked away from the gaurd he had been flirting with at the sudden silence and looked down into the arena, Castiel stiffened beside Dean as the Prince leaned forward to see better, the entire building seemed to be in a state of hushed silence as the dust finally settled.
His silver band of a crown was in his hand, his other hand only kept messing his hair further than the traveling had.
"Not everyone needs to know right now. But Michael and Dad do. They'll know what your options are. Maybe you could-"
"I've spent to long bottling it up Lucifer. I can't stand it any longer. I don't know how to fix any of this. With Dean I-I" Michael looked up and met Lucifer's wet amber gaze "I care for him, and I will Protect and provide for him, he will have all of me, /except/ he will never have my heart. I will love the children Dean and I have, but a day will not pass by, that I do not wish it were you by my side."
Dean let his hands rest on Castiel's chest and closed his eyes as he felt the strong and unsure heart beat of the Alpha he was sitting with, wings canopied them in a darkness illuminated only by the slight glow of each other's eyes.
Finally untangling himself from the sheet Dean stood and tilted his head. Taking a deep breath through his nose, he ran a hand through his hair.
"I can still feel his blood on my hands, I can still see his soul flicker away, the life fade from his eyes, breath leave his bloodied lips. I-I can still feel his hand, heavy as it was twisted into the collar of that wrenched tan trenchcoat. I-I can still-" The tears fell freely from his eyes as he slumped to the floor on his knees, staring at his hands as if they had taken the only thing he loved from him, Dean supposed, with how this conversation seemed to be going, that sadly they had.
"I'll be fine. I just... I don't know Gabriel. I want to support him like I had before but, I just..." Castiel trailed off and the young Alpha's wings twitched "It's something about the Prince I don't know."
Blood splattered his white clothes, speckled his tear streaked face, red smeared over his cheek from his lips, mixed with the droplets of dark demon blood as he continued to stab the Queen.
Why did it hurt so much?
"Yes my King." Lucifer rasped out as he let Michael and the medics move him to a stretcher, arranging his wings the best they could as they rushed him off with others that were injured, Michael swiftly moving to help, Sam and Gabriel as well. The two other Princes choosing to put their connected strings aside for now and focus on what needed to be done.
"Tht little dick ran-"
"I know. Say, once we arrive home we must celebrate! Afterall you're going to be a married man soon." Lucifer gave Michael a cheesy grin before looking ahead.
Dean glanced around the room, a hand still firmly on Castiel's chest as the angel still held his arms tightly to stop him from tipping over. He noticed his father, standing over one of the yellow eyed Demons Abaddon had entered with, clutching his side with bloody fingers. Continuing to look around the room he took note that Adam and his mother were far from the commotion, Balthazar, sword in hand with them,, and Sam was by the doors with Gabriel struggling to keep Lucifer awake and gently moving his wings into a semi comfortable position.
But he couldn't shake it and had to go talk to his future brother in law. For some reason that look Gabriel would give him only made Dean curious and angry, he needed to know what was wrong.
"Of course Bro." He turned as a sucker was pulled from his pocket and he strutted off with a flick of his wings.
Content with his speech but still with a heavy heart Michael spread his six wings out his sword above his head. With a final shout he turned his horse towards his home.
"Nah I'm just being dramatic because I'm uncomfortable." Dean muttered stepping over and sitting beside Cas, he ran his hand through Castiel's hair and made some fake gagging noise as he wiped Sweat from his Angel's forehead "How can you even be wearing a shirt right now? It's hotter than Hell in here."
"Odd."
"But you might be." Sam added standing up, he set the pillow to the side and took a cautious step towards his brother. Before he could say anything more Dean growled, spun around and wiped everything off the vanity
"Right." Dean cleared his throat and straightened up as John pulled him into a tight hug. Dean swallowed in his Father's sharp scent and sighed.
young” Gabriel said and took his t-shirt out of his bag and put it on.
The angel smiled too “Yes, Dean. You too.”
Gabe chuckled. “Yeah. Liked it?”
Then the room chilled and got colder, an there was a hint of death in the air around them.
Sam sometimes felt really sorry for Gabriel. He was constantly losing people he loved. And Sam was going to be one of those people one day. Well, if the world doesn’t end before Sam died.
He said that he loved Castiel. Castiel sometimes didn’t love himself and Dean said he did.
“Awesome” Dean said.
He stood up “But food first” he added.
“Yeah” Gabriel agreed “Yeah we do”
Castiel smiled. “That would be lovely Dean”
“Why?”
Sam left and Gabriel did too after he put some clothes on and dried his hair as much as he could with the towel. He was feeling renewed.
all those things.
She nodded and got in the car with her husband. They were probably going to drive around town or something.
The restaurant was very well looking. Good lighting and strips and circles of golden yellow and warm white everywhere.
Anyway, enjoy
to TV land and that idiotic Japanese show, becoming the Impala, being a doctor in Dean’s favorite TV show and being investigators and finally finding out who Gabriel really was; an archangel. Bu then came the night at that hotel full of Pagan gods and everything went downhill. Lucifer killed pretty much all the gods and also Gabriel (at least that’s what they believed at the time) and then they haven’t seen Gabriel for years, only to find him in the hands of Ketch.
“He was going to try to take down Michael himself. I stopped him. And- and he pushed Lucifer to Michael with the remainder of his grace, I think. Then he passed out.”
He was doing a poor job.
Dean and Sam used to do this in their room but since they were now 5 people, Sam suggested they did this outside
“Uh it’s okay. We’ll -Oh my God”
Hello
Sam could ask him later. Right now, the priority was Gabriel’s health and well-being.
“And by that you mean?” Gabriel asked.
“Okay. Now, this is a very important question” said Gabriel “When?”
He had to thank Gabriel. He suggested it in the first place. He had also suggested that car museum. But that could come later.
Room 28 was a small sized room, to Gabriel’s standards
“Also, Heaven is boring” Gabriel added “there is so much more you could do here on Earth. And these two,” he pointed his thumb at Dean and Sam “they are not
Dean stopped and looked at Cas with a mix of shock and horror in his eyes.
” He sounded male, American and surprisingly young. Some clues.
“I was like that in my first hunt” Sam said as he put his hands around Gabriel’s shirtless waist. Gabriel put his hands on top of Sam’s.
technically one though. Not incompetent, a child
Father Camacheo took a deep breath, like he knew something but hadn’t told them.
Hello again
during the day”
Dean didn’t like normal museums. He thought that they were just a place with a bunch of useless information
And Dean thought he was doing a good job hiding his affections.
“Hi” Gabriel said without taking his eyes of the book he was reading. The thing was going into what Gabriel was looking for.
“You try being stuck on Earth for 200 hundred years without anyone being able to see you” Gabriel said “human souls aren’t made for that”
“Lucifer rebelled and I had a lot of messages to carry from Dad. He hung around the wrong kind of people and got sent out of Heaven like the others. I never saw him again.”
Gabriel looked back at his screen and started scrolling through the photos. There were usually photos of a girl with green eyes and straight, dark brown hair. She looked about 14.  That had to be Emma.
Sam stopped in front of Gabriel, very close, and started taking Gabriel’s tie of whilst Gabriel stood there like a moose who saw a flashlight.
Yeah, no shit. Cas was an angel with sick powers. But he was still scared about him. He could get hurt.
“Well, we are all human here. We can teach you. It’ll only be a couple of days anyway.” Sam argued and added his famous puppy eyes.
Sam actually knew that Gabriel probably wouldn’t do that. He was too confident for that. But he told him anyway, with the slight hope that he would listen
Jack looked at his cards and said “Go fish” Yes, they were playing Go Fish
“Oh, you’re finally here” Dean sound, trying to sound casual “What took you so long?”
Dean sighed “Cas, are you sure”
“Music, anyone” he said and was about to take a Led Zeppelin cassette but Gabriel leaned forward to take another one.
“I -I said that as a joke. A -And you’re telling me that
Dean loved the restaurant. It was so good. Italians really knew how to make pizza. It was nothing like what he used to eat.
“Can I have a look at that?” Gabriel asked, gesturing at the book.
This was a bit of a shortened version of the story. It took Libriel 30 minutes to get used to hanging out with Gabriel. Also, their relationship grew stronger than normal friends’. It became something brotherly. Something Gabriel had never felt before
“Cas” Dean said “I was trying to find you”
Gabriel thought,
“Okay” Sam clapped his hands once “who’s gonna go with Gabe?”
Gabriel was very nervous. His heart was racing and blood was running is his veins. He looked at Sam. The hunter’s face calmed him a bit and Gabriel took his hand “We’re together” he said.
“So, uhmm, we kinda started dating” Sam said unconfidently. He then took Gabriel’s hand again.
“Finally!” Dean cried.
God, I hate haikus
“Yeah” Sam said and lead Gabriel to the corridor Dean and Castiel had come from.
Gabriel kept scrolling. More photos of her and her family, and another girl. This one had blonde hair and gray eyes. She wasn’t her sister, they looked nothing alike, but they looked quite close. A good friend then, or maybe more.
Castiel moved his hand again so that it would rest on Dean’s shoulder. “I hid my feelings for long enough” he said after a minute “I don’t want to anymore”
They were all silent. No-one had any idea about what to say, because that was the best plan that any of them could think of right now.
“Okay. See ya”
But Dean couldn’t sell Baby. She was his. She was the biggest memory Dean had from his Dad. He couldn’t just go and sell her.
He moved his hand so that it would touch Cas’s. The angel pulled back but Dean kept going and held his hand.
“That would be good” Jack said.
“Yeah” Gabriel said “I mean not the storyline and the Doctor. That is just fiction but the planet
“I feel you, kid” he said and patted Jack on the back.
Dean could use this hunt to investigate. He could pay attention to Cas and try to understand if he also felt the same way.
“You were gonna say pornstar” he said and shifted his position a little so that the wrist of his hand can get some rest of holding his head.
“Uhhhh” Gabriel complained as he had a look at the stuff he had to carry. He sometimes really missed his angel mojo.
he told himself
“I’ll talk to Cas about it, ask if he wants to give a hand.”
Gabriel murmured something like “I hate suits. All so uncomfortable”
“Alright then get dressed and meet me outside”
“Like 1 am?”
Was Sam right? Had Cas actually loved Dean back?
Castiel told what they had learned
Sam checked Gabriel’s pulse, still beating, faint and slow but he could feel it. Gabriel was alive.
Castiel was unsure about the previous night. Had it actually happened? Or maybe Dean was too drunk and didn’t have a clear head?
They ordered their food and some starters and ate.
“Mr. Peck?” Dean said “My name is Dean Johnson and this is my colleague, Sam Jackson. We were sent here by the state government ‘cause there is a carbon monoxide leak in one of the main lines which happened to be right under your house”
“Hey Gabe, can I talk to you for a minute?” Sam asked.
But the reality was pretty much everybody they rescued walking around the bunker, hands full of books, papers and laptops.
“What is it?”
Dean left his room and headed to the kitchen. Was that smell chicken wings?
” he said in that same voice.
“What? I didn’t do anything. I just gave the man an honest answer.
They left the house with the diary and walked to the Impala.
“Yeah, look” Gabriel turned the laptop towards Sam.
“Okay” Jack said.
“What’s your name?” Gabriel asked. Better start with the easy question.
“Hey Gabe” Sam said “so I found us a case and wanted to ask if you’ll join or not”
“Basically, yeah” Sam said with a little nod. “Dean, please just trust me with this. You’ve been gone for a while now and this worked out well. If there are any major problems, we’ll fix them together” he promised.
“Of course, I did. I was just- what kind of romantic idea?”
“Ok then. You two” Dean pointed at Sam and Gabriel “get those suits off and meet us in the Impala”
“Listen, I gotta talk to you about last night”
They exchanged what they learned. Sam and Gabriel started, telling the rest of the group what they had learned from that pastor in the church
But Gabriel didn’t tell the new updates and what his weeks-long research was about. He didn’t tell Sam that he had some hopes of seeing his friend again. It was very not likely, but Gabriel had to try.
Dean thought
What was happening?
“Dude, we gotta tell you something” Dean said.
They stared at each other, speechless. Dean slowly closed his eyes and moved his head towards Castiel.
The guy physically relaxed a little and turned to the woman he was talking to. Dean kept going down the stairs and felt the man’s eyes secretly looking at him. Well, Dean couldn’t blame him. If he wasn’t the one Michael possessed, he would’ve done the exact same thing, keep a look out.
(See the end of the chapter for
Finally, a good thing.
“A group of people, actually” he said. They all looked at him, confused. Castiel even tilted his head a little. Typical.
Sam smiled. But this one was weak, not like the other ones he got when he was happy. It probably reminded him of a sad memory
“Uh y-yeah sure”
“I mean, dude, it’s your choice if you wanna tell him or not. I’ll not say anything if you don’t want me to”
Gabriel sighed again “Remember how you said Crowley had literally remade Nick’s body to contain and control Lucifer inside” they all nodded “Well you gotta adjust it a bit to the devil for it to contain the devil”
They had literally done this 5 minutes ago, but both wanted to do it for a long time now. For Gabriel, it was about since he got kidnapped and got sold to Asmodeus.
“Something very similar” said Castiel and took Dean’s hand.
“Yeah. You get it?”
Gabriel pushed his lips together to form a straight line and he nodded.
Gabriel wasn’t doing anything when he was drinking his coffee. He was just staring at a wall in deep thoughts.
“Thank you. Please return back to you post” the man’s voice was strict, and it was clear that he gave on order. But it was also kind, in a way.
“Nice choice. Also Freddie is a legend too”
When they got out Sam turned at Gabriel
“So we cool?” asked Gabriel.
“Yeah. You know we should do a game and movie night one day” Sam said.
A bit of a shorter chapter. Hopefully, the context would make up for it.
On their way to the church, Sam told Gabe about what they were going to do and told him to keep most of the talking to Sam
obviously
The owner was there too. When the guy saw Dean driving in with the Impala, he looked really excited. He said that he would’ve really loved if his collection had an Impala and even offered Dean a very high price if he would want to sell it.
“Don’t get me wrong, I’m not defending him. I just understand him and treated him like a human being rather than a monster” Gabriel said “It was also just to get him to co-operate” he added.
“Oh no. This is nothing comparing to
“You know I actually never done that before” he admitted.
“Will I like it?”
“It’s good to see you man.” He told Cas with a big smile in his face.
“Hey Gabe!” Dean yelled.
Gabriel so wanted to kiss Sam at that moment but decided against it because Dean was literally sitting 2 feet away from him.
It also wasn’t a portal. That was why the ingredients were a lot more common.
But most people who were now living in the bunker were mostly strangers. It wasn’t Dean’s fault that he had trust issues.
Sam just stared at him, confusion in his eyes.
“So” Gabriel said “any of you care to explain what I missed?”
“But you got the diary?” Jack asked.
They both liked each other. But neither was brave enough to admit it.
Enjoy
He took his fake badge out of his pocket to make sure it was the right one
Gabriel bit his upper lip. He was nervous about coming out to Dean, Cas and Jack. He had actually forgotten about Mary until today when he saw him again.
” he said “
“I guess I am”
“So how was, whatever the hell you were doing?” Gabriel asked.
He was impressed. The guy knew how to write. His life had been a mess but he managed to make it seem exciting by those writing skills. They had amazing descriptions which clearly showed the mood he was in.
LAURA STECH - 2011
“We can go as a five” he said “and then split into two groups and investigate that way”
“Great. Do you know where it is?” Gabriel asked.
Apparently not.
even understood the principles of Quantum Physics. But what they both didn’t know, was that they both liked to see each other smile, that they both felt safer in each other’s presence (mostly Gabriel because of his past traumatic experience with Asmodeus), that they would do anything for each other, even die if their relationship strengthens (Gabriel had sort of already done that once anyway). They both cared about each other.
They kept small chats until the credits finished and the second end-credit scene rolled.
“Dean graces have another function” Castiel stated.
Gabriel turned at Castiel. He was still on his knee and breathing frantically.
“Me, Dean, Cas and Jack if they want to come”
Enjoy
“Hmm” Gabriel said as Sam lowered his head again, this time slowly kissing Gabriel’s collar bones.
“I know” Dean said “Let’s get out of here”
“This girl called Sabrina” Sam said “I think I was in 3rd or 4th grade. She was nice but then we had to move to the other side of the country for another case. Never saw her again”
“Game of Thrones” Sam said “I also read the books too. Shame the last season was only on TV and not a book”
“So, I meant what I said, Cas” he said “I love you. Just thought that I should make this clearer”
Sam was about to go back into the room but he stopped.
He was wandering around the corridors aimlessly, lost in thoughts. He hadn’t seen Dean coming.
Gabriel was right. He loved the place and probably would’ve had no idea it even existed if Gabriel hadn’t said so.
“After you” he said.
“My brother hated you so much that he decided to leave you, huh”
So decided to put one in here
“Sam, stop holding me and get out of here!”
The Group all got themselves a bed. Sam and Dean took the left set whilst Jack and Gabriel took the right. Castiel took the couch since he didn’t really need sleep but only needed to sit down on occasion to blend in.
Gabriel looked at Sam and walked towards Sam’s bag and tossed him a shirt.
“Okay, uh. Let’s got back to the hotel to put on the suits” Sam said.
The ghost considered it. “
“I’ve been on Earth since pretty much ever” he said “I go to places and I remember them. Angel memory, see." he pointed at his head "I went to that place a couple of years after it was opened and I really liked it. We also seem like we have nothing to do, so.”
“Yeah.” Dean agreed “Give us a shout if something goes wrong, ‘K?”
They were interrupting each other quite often though, and then finishing each other’s sentences. This was actually mostly Gabriel who did that and that visibly annoyed Sam, but he didn’t say anything.
“Uhm Agents, do you believe in God?” he asked.
Sam found Gabriel in the dungeon’s library, sat on the floor, surrounded by books and candy wrappers. Gabriel hadn’t seen him yet so Sam just stood there, staring at the archangel.
“Did you go bed early in your first hunt?”
“There’s a TV series?” Gabriel asked. "The last time I heard, Martin had stopped writing amd that was in 2005 I think it was a Feast with Crows”
“Pffft. I can’t find anything important Samsquatch. All I know is that she was a believer.”
“Thank you, man” Gabriel said “we’ll help you move on”
The man didn’t answer for a few seconds. “Agents, young Laura was transgender and William was pansexual” he said.
, without a reason. An instinct told him that this was going to be a problem. But well, that’s a problem for another day. Now was the time to see his family again. Oh, how much he missed them.
“One of us asks a general question about ourselves and both of us answers. It’s to know each other better”
It disappeared again for a few second and reappeared.
even though it hasn’t even been a day. And now he had to wait even more, just to make a move. Dean wasn’t even sure if he would be able to do that either. Maybe he’ll be too scared in the chance that he gets, then he’ll fuck everything up.
“Yeah, okay.” Dean said and the hunter, angel and the Nephilim left the café.
“A connection between the victims.” Dean said.
“Sam lost a bet” the ex-archangel explained.
was different. It held a meaning.
“Hi” Gabriel interrupted.
“A diary in his old house” Gabriel said.
“Yeah well, the guy was smart and realized that something was up”
“Dean! Dean wake up!”
It was. He thought that it was time to tell Sam about his Friend (at the time he was called Libriel but Gabriel was 99.999% sure that he changed it. Pretty much all of the fallen did), but not what he was going to do.
” Matt said “
“What did you wanna be when you were young?” Sam asked.
and followed his new boyfriend into the room.
“Why should I?”
“That guy with the spaceship?” he asked.
“Guys,” Dean said “We got a homophobic ghost in our hands”
Gabriel got out of the car and stretched. He didn’t like long drives.
They then started talking about what they were now going to do next. Sam suggested that they should research about who the ghosts may be. They all liked that idea but Castiel had pointed out that they had nothing to work with. The connection between the victims was that they were all LGBTQ+ but that wouldn’t bring them anywhere. They were stuck.
Gabriel thought.
“Dating back a couple centuries before Earth’s creation. I was still in heaven, so was Lucifer, he hadn’t rebelled yet. And I was bored. Because at the time my job was to be the Messenger but there were no messages to deliver yet so I had a bunch of free time.
Mary and Bobby explained what happened with Nick and how he got himself into trouble because he wanted revenge on his family.
“Where?” Cas said.
“Or experience severe pain” Castiel added.
Dean splashed his face with water one more time and went over his plan.
“Not to speak ill of the dead but Emma Smith was an unusual young lady, in a good way. She saw the Earth in a different way. God bless her soul.” he said.
Sam looked confused “Uhh, it’s literally been 3 minutes since I called” he said.
No. It wasn’t a mistake. Dean loved Castiel.
“Yes”
“Midnight” Gabriel said “we’ll be here”
Enjoy
” he said.
“I’m sorry, Luci” he whispered into his brother’s ear and pushed him towards Michael with the little grace he had left.
“Hey Jack!” he said as he climbed down the stairs.
Dean looked up from the screen. He was confused. Why was Gabriel asking this now?
Here's the next chapter. Also, remember how I said that I literally started writing this fic because of one (1) scene? Yh that scene is here. Hopefully, you'll find it funny.
Gabriel didn’t say anything. He just gave Sam a look.
“Yes sir. I won’t mess things up”
Dean froze.
“Yes, Dean” he said “I am sure”
“Okay” Dean said “get out of the suits and we’ll go to the warehouse tonight”
“Dude, he’s a ghost that has killed people” Dean said “he’s dangerous”
This started annoying Dean
“A teacher” he said “I mean if I could get out of this life”
Gabriel thought
. Jack was visibly happy to see Dean again but something in his eyes were different, like all his hope and innocence was lost. This did bother Dean. Best take them both with.
Also, it shouldn’t bother Dean that much that Cas looked like a guy. The world had become very accepting at this kind of stuff.
Dean thought.
But Cas had faced worse than just a ghost. He’d faced many crazy angels, Lucifer and the fricking Darkness! God’s fucking sister!
Dean took a step closer and took Castiel’s hand again. He took Dean’s other.
Gabriel was fine with Sam being inside but he didn’t insist. “Okay”
Gabriel wondered. Sam was smart. Definitely smarter than Dean but Gabriel didn’t know about his special ability of hacking.
Dean thought
“They are on a hunt. I think it was a demon but they are fine, checked in an hour ago.” Sam said.
Gabriel remembered.
“Gabriel, you’ve been doing non-stop research for the last month or so. You need to take a break. We can teach you how to hunt.”
“What will we do now?” Jack asked.
Castiel pointed at another angel near him. “That is Balthazar.” He pointed at another one “That is Hannah” and another “and that is Ezekiel”
” he said “
Except from Castiel’s usual awkwardness but that was what made Cas Cas so Dean was fine with it
Hello people,
But Dean didn’t go to the kitchen. He went into his room’s bathroom and splashed water on his face and looked up to the mirror.
“You are saying that you don’t belong to Him and tell Him to fuck off.”
It was quick, only a couple of seconds and Sam was shocked.
Yes, that was what Dean was going to do.
crush on Cas. Gabriel hadn’t done much comparing to Cas who, fought a civil war against an archangel, then killed all the said archangel’s followers by practically becoming God, made deals with the King of Hell without Sam nor Dean knowing about it, led the Devil ride his body and lied to the brothers multiple times. Dean didn’t care. Because in all those choices Cas thought that he was doing he right thing. Dean had also done many things like that so he understood it and forgave Cas.
He also thought about asking Sam about what’s happening with him and Gabriel but decided that if something happened between them, Sam would tell him. If he didn’t, that probably meant that he didn’t want to tell Dean just yet.
a voice said inside his head.
But it was better in Gabriel’s head. But he knew that he couldn’t stay there long.
Gabriel was relieved that the subject had changed. Talking to his Dad’s followers made him quite uncomfortable. Mostly because these people should also know
“Yeah” Mary said with a hint of a laugh “it’d be good if your brother admitted his feelings too” she added.
Sam stood there, looking at Gabriel. “Yeah. But other times I was usually alone so it was a change”
Dean hoped he would be fine.
But everything changed during the apocalypse, in that hotel full of pagan gods. There, Gabriel helped them and even
Gabriel shrugged “I hope so”
Gabriel then blacked out and Sam took him, bridal style, and jumped through the rift. He heard the rift close behind him. Everybody cheered. They all left that godforsaken world with minimal injured. They also left a Satan behind. One less problem for their new world.
Gabriel tried to remember the last time he was like that with his family. How long had it been? 3 millennia since the Fall and 4 since he last physically saw his dad.
*gets up and brushes dust off my hoodie*
“Sorry. He’s new” Sam said “But yes. We know what happened to them but we think that those may be not suicides but serial murders instead.”
. It was mostly about what the kids did but overall, the teenagers were happily living their life. Until Mister Ghosty paid them a visit.
“Let’s play a game” he said.
Dean didn’t want to do that though. They were already five people which was three more than what Dean was used to for his entire life. It was always him and Dad until Dad was gone which it then became him and Sam. He was still got used to having Cas around. That was very unusual to him at first but he went along with it and it turned out fine
“What’s happening to me?” he asked himself.
Anyway, enjoy
“Nope” Dean popped the p and took a step towards Castiel, their faces now inches apart “But we can teach him. Just like we taught you. I mean, how hard can it be to teach an archangel how to hunt?”
They eventually got tired and their need of sleep overpowered everything else.
” said a new voice.
Hello
Dean found Cas pretty quickly. He was talking with Jack and Mary. He approached them.
“What?” This was before Earth’s creation and Gabriel was telling Sam that this bunch of angels predicted not only that they’ll have cars, but also designed a cup holder for the said cars.
“Only five bucks” this time it was Gabriel.
They drove to the warehouse and Dean parked the Impala near the entrance and got out of the car. The others followed. He took out shotguns and handed them to Sam. Gabriel came from the other side and Dean gave the salt to him.
. This one was having a little conversation with them.
“What do you mean we are there?” Dean asked.
idea”
“So that’s what they do. Go to hunts and check in?”
Later, when they were about to go through the rift but Michael caught up. Gabriel was about to sacrifice himself
The man sighed in relief and Gabriel shot him a confused look. It was strong and made he minister want to explain himself.
There were also all those times when Cas invaded Dean’s personal space. He thought that that was because of Cas not knowing about human things but maybe it was because he had liked Dean and was constantly trying to show it.
“That was-“ Castiel said but couldn’t find a good word to describe their conversation.
“Okay we were also thinking of leaving tomorrow morning anyway.”
“Thanks?” he said unsurely.
Or Libriel maybe dead and all this research he had done was faulty. Gabriel prayed that that wouldn’t be the case.
“To the hotel”
He didn’t want Cas to go.
“So what were you gonna say?” Gabriel asked, still holding Sam’s hand.
Someone had just touched up Dean's face to cover his yellowed and healing bruises, white wings came off his eyes,blond lashes turned silver, a dusting of silver along his cheeks, his upper lip was done red, a red line down the middle of his lower lip. It took everything in him not to bite his lip in worry. The prince would have much rather covered the healing bruises and brought a little light to his face, but this was one of Heaven's traditions he had no say in.
Hesitantly Dena put his arms around her and buried his face in her hair
"My name? Oh dear Omega, I want you to know my name. I want you to remember it. For it to be ingrained in your mind, to be the subject of your nightmares. The very word to cause you to panic."
"I would suggest a change in career ma'am."
"Just tell me where I can find her. I have on good sources that the issue of Abaddon will be dealt with by the wedding. Now, tell me, where to find the witch." Gabriel hissed, standing to his feet anger rolling through his grassy scent like a bush fire
It was Dean's turn to laugh, and Castiel's turn to be taken aback by the remark
Both Alpha and Omega were on edge all day, but managed to lighten up when it came time to taste test cake flavors.
"Castiel!" He scolded and the younger Alpha lowered his wings and looked at the ground
"Your Highness." Benny bowed with respect
The idea that Raphael's words may be true hit him hard like a knife to the heart.
With a stuttering sigh Lucifer stood a bit straighter and continued back into the castle.
"I-I'm sorry. Just... Don't touch me without a warning."
"Thanks. I'll assess the extent of damage and give you a call with the run down." Green eyes flicked up to glance at Castiel who had moved to examine some fake plant Bobby had put in the office to spruce it up, and because Ellen kept complaining it needed a little life. "I'll need to keys, do you need a ride, we can call you an Uber." Dean added watching the man with stuff shoulders adjust his glasses
"If this were a courting chase, I do believe you would of lost my hand." Dean smirked again as he puffed his chest out, for the first time in a while Dean actually felt like himself, even though the human was still scared to death. His scent remained laced with mild amusement, though the vanilla held an undertone of unease. Michael knew his wariness was justified, and felt no need to mention it.
The floppy haired Winchester hummed as he swung his legs over the large bed and stretched his arms over his head with a grunt
The Omega rested his head on Castiel's shoulder and put an arm around his neck as he was carried out of the basement, and out of the farmhouse, set upon Castiel's horse. Dean said nothing but kept a deadpanned expression and his chin held high as the other soldiers fell into line behind Castiel, Lucifer close on his right.
"ENOUGH!" Her hands swung out to either side, a wave of glittering almost electric purple shot from her painted nails in an arch pushing everyone aside
"Why?" Michael took half a step back to give the Omega a tad bit more space, not wanting his worried scent to overwhelm the Prince
Lucifer nodded as he looked up at the stars, they certainly felt infinite...
It was electrifying and intoxicating. Cas wanted nothing more than to drown in those eyes for eternity.
Dean's Cas' chest heaved as a wet forced breath punched it's way out of his body, eyes glowing with grace as it seemed to flicker back to life.
"If we may?"
"You're cruel." Dean sighed shielding his sides
"What was that supposed to mean? I am far from a typical Alpha!" He laughed again and shook his head
Chuck had opened his mouth to speak, but Rowena snapped her fingers and no noise came out.
"Everyone's been saying that. But he won't/ actually/ want to raise another man's baby. Hell, /I/ don't even know if I want to raise this thing." Dean's voice wavered and tempered off into nothing as his gaze focused on the wall past Charlie
He was so protective, caring, loving, gentle yet tough and stubborn enough to keep her on her toes, he handled her temper wonderfully and even fighting always ended happily-- well… she glanced down at where her dress covered a still invisible bump.
“So not a lawyer then?”
“Fine.” Sam said “but promise me one thing”
“So, what exactly are we looking for?” he asked.
Enjoy
“When am I never careful, Sammy?”
He mixed herbs, placed candles and drew on the floor next to his friend’s name. It was like an anti-summoning spell. You transported yourself to the said person instead of bringing them to yourself.
“Didn’t you live through it?” Dean asked. He thought that Gabriel never went back to Heaven after he left.
Mathew was quiet for a minute.
“Yeah” Gabriel said “I read the diary and he had mood swings and had changed former decisions before”
That was when Dean realized that he was still staring at the angel.
“What happened?” Dean asked Sam.
“Shit” Gabriel said under his breath. Finding the thing he was attached to would be harder.
” he said.
“Hey! Hey!”
Castiel nodded.
This was actually mostly because he hated getting squished in the middle.
“Exactly my point” Dean looked Cas in the eye then his eyes fell down to Cas’s lips. His heart started racing and he liked that. But his brain caught up and looked back at Cas’s eyes. He then took a step back.
“Go and ask then” Gabriel said.
Here, have another chapter
“Dude we got a lead” Sam said.
“Morning, sunshine” Gabriel said as he was tying his shoe “How nice of you to wake up. Now if you could just put the gun down”
“This thing belongs in a museum” Dean said and closed the book.
Dinner was nice. There were chicken wings and chicken wings were always nice. There was a place in the 12
“Yes Dean. I am”
“So” this was Jack who spoke “it is considered weird to see statues of young Castiel in churches?”
Dean thought.
“Then I gotta catch up” Sam said “I think I last watched some episodes of the first season when I was in college”
Hello people.
“Oh yeah. We took a bet on that” Gabriel said.
“Unfortunately” this one was Castiel.
“Yep.” Gabriel said “we did and didn’t get brutally murdered or severely injured, just like I told you. I see this as an absolute win!” he said the last line a bit louder than the rest.
He would never get used to that.
“Let’s do this” Gabriel said.
would’ve given us away”
. It had two beds on one side, two on the other and a couch in the far away corner. It also had a desk, two chairs and three stools too. There also was TV.
Jack dropped the diary and stared at the little fire.
Jack understood what was going on.
They drove and arrived to the bunker and Dean parked.
“What happened to him?” Sam asked. This story was very good so far. But happy beginnings didn’t always have happy endings.
“Well, then you must know that there are different views when it comes to suicide. Some argue that it is not a sin, and some, including me, in my opinion, argue that it is a sin to end your own life. I really liked those two young people. They did remind me of me when I was younger.”
Sam was holding Gabriel’s hand tight.
Gabriel thought.
Dean and Jack were adding bits that Castiel had missed out
Gabriel was confused. He could worry about that when they get back.
They went back to the hotel to get their laptops to do some research, and then headed to a 24-hour open café to sit down
“What is it, Dean?”
“Yes” Jack said as he straightened his black suit and blue tie, just like Cas’s. As they say, like father like son.
Matt the Ghost appeared again. He looked like how he always did, just a bit more transparent than how he was the night before.
“Yeah, yeah” he turned so that he would sit on the side of the bed
“Look Cas, it’s you!” he told Castiel, jokingly.
Dean didn’t need to tell himself anything else because the door opened and Sam and Gabriel walked in.
Dean smiled back. And turned to the Nephilim.
but he just didn’t give a shit anymore.
“Dude we got a homophobic ghost” Dean said immediately after he picked the phone up.
“Okay. Alright” agreed Sam “I’ll talk to Gabriel, you talk to Jack and Cas. I think we should sleep tonight and leave tomorrow morning.”
“We can all get brutally murdered.” Sam said.
Dean and Sam went into the living room instead of the kitchen. Dean put the fake gear on the floor and took his gas mask out. It was making it hard to breathe.
Anyway, see you =)
Dean walked down the passage and he pointed at one of the stone angels.
Okay, okay. Dean was losing himself. Now was not the time to be thinking about Cas. Why was he thinking about Cas in the first place?
Cas and Jack were sat on the floor, cards on their hands and were that playing Go Fish?
Sam actually loved seeing the archangel do that. Only his front teeth were visible and it was just so damn cute looking at him like that. But Sam also knew that Gabriel didn’t do this only in the times that he was happy as he seemed. No. Gabriel knew how to hide his emotions very well. One of his ways of doing that was grinning. That was the only part he didn’t like about his smile, he didn’t know if it was a real one, or a one to hide his pain.
Gabriel was shocked. He never thought the ghost’s mood change could have an impact like this.
This was because he was used to flying or just transporting. It was so much easier. You could travel miles in a second and not be tired at all. But he no longer had his wings and had to do everything the human way
“No” was Sam’s simple answer.
“Sorry Sammy. Busy” he gestured at the books around him “plus I have no idea how to hunt. I’ll only slow you down.”
The second was more complicated. He hadn’t seen Libriel in ageeess and Libs didn’t know who Sam was and may get scared or try to attack. Who knew what the guy had been through? Maybe nothing significant, maybe everything at the same time. Gabriel was the angel Libs knew. He would be the angel he would speak to.
But because of the, I am gonna dare and use the word, monarchy, I couldn’t exactly find one.”
Gabriel moved his hands down to Sam’s shirt’s buttons. Sam did the same on Gabriel’s.
The hotel wasn’t that far away from the café. I took about 5 minutes to walk in total. Sam told Gabriel that the church was even closer. Gabe sighed in relief. He didn’t really like walking
“Fine” Dean Said and gave Gabriel the book. He couldn’t deal with the guy now.
“Alright, what’s happening?” Dean asked. He had no clue what was going on.
Gabriel realized that there were surprisingly less people than he had seen last. Were they all on hunts or did they just decided to leave?
“I didn’t make them do anything. Most people didn’t want to go out so there are a lot of people doing research. People who wanted to go out are on the road. Trust me Dean, this system works.”
“I mean it’s not exactly a secret”
“Uhmm, can we get inside somewhere?”
It was Queen’s Killer Queen. Gabriel had listened o Queen A LOT back in the late 70’s and 80’s. He didn’t know that what he picked was a Queen tape, but he was happy that he did. It reminded him of his Friend and the hope that Gabriel might see him again
“Sammy it’s 5 past 12. It’s not
But he kept it to himself. It wasn’t time for that kind of conversation yet.
Gabriel whistled. “Nice”
“Yeah, we got the same thing”
They should go now. Better early than late and Gabriel was getting impatient even though he was scared.
On the way, Mary had called Sam to say that she and Bobby had returned to the bunker. Sam told her that they would be there in 2 hours’ time and hung up.
“Well everybody, if you wouldn’t mind, me and my little brother need to have a little chat” Dean said.
He took a piece of paper and wrote Sam a little note. He would most definitely freak out.
“We also need to talk about who is gonna go to visit the ghost guy” Sam said.
Sam managed to catch up to the things that were happening. “Dude, you have a Queen tape?” Sam had never heard Dean play Queen before, he would say that most the songs were not rocky enough for his taste.
Sister Melisa bowed her head and walked back to where she came from. Father Camacheo smiled at the group.
“Right, okay. We’ll call you if we find something” Sam said as he rubbed his hands together
“What did you want to be, Sam?” Gabriel asked. He was curious.
Sam took a few steps towards Gabriel. Gabriel could hear his heart bumping against his chest. It felt like it was trying to get out.
The church was not that far away, only a five-minute drive. Dean talked to Cas (who was in the passenger seat) and Jack (who was in the back) about what they were going to ask about and how to act. Castiel listened and nodded whereas Jack kept telling Dean that they have done this before and already
“I honestly have no idea” Sam said and lied sideways, looking towards Gabriel, his head resting on the palm of his hand. He used to other to pull Gabriel towards himself.
Matt appeared again next to Jack but froze and screamed as he re-died in flames.
Gabriel didn’t even think for a second “No, thanks” he said and walked back into the room.
“Well, I was thinking about our relation and since we both have the same father, we may be brothers too. But I think half-brother sounds better, don’t you think? I don’t want to be reminded that I am related to that psychopath.”
After their short breakfast, it was time to go to the warehouse and try to find clues. Or maybe even the ghost.
“That is a long time” Gabriel stated.
They all agreed to do and put some protection sigils to make the room safe.
“What?! Where?!” Dean yelled.
And all of this had happened because he was betrayed by the guy who he trusted for
“Who was John Barrowman again?” he asked.
Dean knocked on the door nearest him and when no-one answered he went inside. Castiel followed. Dean closed the door behind him.
“You done?”
Camacheo took another deep breath. “Agents, Alex Dis was gay and Emma Smith was bisexual.” he said.
“How much?”
Their shoulders bumped and Dean’s strong but gentle hand took Castiel’s.
“That might be quite interesting and educational” Castiel said.
“Here you are” Gabriel said as he found the last ingredient for the transportation spell he was about to cast.
He disappeared before the salt shell hit him and appeared behind Gabriel. He turned around but was thrown to the wall nearest.
“What kinda thing have you got in mind?”
“Jack you were the star of today.” he stated “What do you think?”
That was also one of the reasons why Sam’s was Lucifer’s true vessel. They were both the younger rebellious son.
. Dean thought.
Sam opened the doors for him and said “Welcome home.”
FYI the statue scene is not my idea. I saw that think on a post in Pinterest and loved it and decided to add that in here.
“Alright then” Gabriel clapped his hands “Lunch, anyone?”
“Cas Gabriel’s hurt” he simply said.
*crawls in a ball, whispers* Sabriel
Love, Gabe”
Once again Sam was right
“Dean you are very pop-cultured” Gabriel said. Dean didn’t understand why this was relevant.
Dean, however, understood both. He knew that those two had feelings for each other for a while now. It was quite obvious. He didn’t care though. He was fine with his little brother making out with an archangel. One, because Gabriel knew Dean. This meant that if he would try anything that might put Sam in danger, Dean would come after him. Second, Dean also had a
These two knew a lot of things. They understood how everything worked and Sam
“Not much.” a guy said who had also asked Dean many questions before “Chief’s been organising us and sending us to cases across the country” he pointed at Sam.
A couple of years ago he was having fun with chicks in the beaches of Los Angeles.
“You took your time” Sam told him.
There was also how they shared ‘a more profound bond’. How Balthazar always kept teasing Dean about how Cas was in love with him. How Cas’s weakness, according to Uriel, was Dean. How Cas managed to break out of Naomi’s mind control thingy because of Dean. How much Cas had cared for Dean whilst they were in purgatory. And so much more.
Dean was about to leave but Sam stood and spoke again.
“Talking about this, where are mom and Bobby?” Dean asked
“What the fuck just happened?” he asked.
“We were here to ask you about two teenagers who used to come here” Sam said “Laura Stech and William Custol?”
Sam did a quick series of nods and smiled.
Sam thought about it. What would normal couples know about each other?
Gabriel put his index finger on the hunter's lips.
“Yes, sure. What do you need to know?”
“I’m fine, don’t worry” Gabriel muttered and got up.
” he said those last two words like he was disgusted by them, which he probably was.
After his grace research was done, Gabriel turned on alternate universes. This wasn’t because of Michael and his apocalypse world. It was more – personal, involving the past and his first Friend in Heaven. He hadn’t told anybody about that yet. Not until if he knew his theory could be true.
Oh yeah. It was morning and they had work to do.
It was about 5 to midnight. That meant that Gabriel and Castiel would have to go back to the warehouse and chat with that ghost.
. It was the best if Gabriel
Dean sighed “Alright where is it?”
That sounded extraordinarily familiar to Gabriel. But why?
Dean didn’t get scared so easily. But archangels were a different matter. He would never admit this but he was goddamn terrified during the first apocalypse with Lucifer. He was also scared when Castiel was fighting a civil war against Raphael. And now, it was Michael. A Michael from an alternate universe who had already destroyed his world. Michael was now roaming free across the country (probably) and he most certainly did have a plan. Otherwise, why would he leave Dean?
“That wouldn’t change anything” Sam said. He was very scared. Not about himself, Dean, Jack or Cas, but about Gabriel. Gabriel was too childish and could do stupid mistakes. Those mistakes can hurt him and Sam was scared of that.
The Father walked towards them and then turned to the nun. “Sister Melisa, shouldn’t you be in the library, sorting out the books with Sister Gabriella?”
The way to the pizza place only took a 10-minute drive and then, they were there and sat down in a table in 2 minutes time.
“Yeah, we were gonna tell Jack anyway” Sam said.
Dean and Sam settled in their seats too.
Dean was impressed. Cas had told that very fluently without stopping. He had become very good at this.
They then went out to eat some breakfast in the café that they went to the first day. It was awesome as the last time.
Gabriel stared at him. “Yes” he said. It was very clear that he was lying “but in case I forgot, can you give me a little summary?”
“Well, I dunno” he said “I have always been an archangel and Earth wasn’t even created when I was born”
Castiel was about to find out.
No, he can’t do that. But Gabriel was making it difficult for Sam.
“That would mean that your soul is attached to something” Castiel said “that is what is keeping you on Earth if it not your bones”
‘The older the ghost is, the more angrier it gets’ this one’s been here for 200 hundred years.
A couple of seconds later, Mary opened the door.
They went to bed around 1 am.
He aimed at Matt and shot.
Dean chuckled. “Nonono. There is nothing wrong with it. Just …man those statues gotta be at least two hundred years old. It’s just weird seeing you as an angel statue in a church in Nebraska”
“Pizza!” he said “Homemade Italian pizza! Not any of that crappy stuff you would eat on the road”
“Did you listen to a word I said before?”
There was no going back now.
The group kept staring at the sky whilst Gabriel told them random facts about space and named consolation, stars and even some galaxies. They all listened and left the field sometime near midnight.
“Okay, keep this a secret, ok?”
It looked very old. As if it was there since before the Civil War, which it probably was.
Gabriel sighed “Oh c’mon, you too?”
“Well too bad for you, your brother’s been there for the last 20 minutes” Gabriel said. He was tying his second shoe now.
“I mean we gotta do it one day, right”
” he said.
In Dean’s opinion, no, it was a terrible idea. Gabriel already got himself hurt multiple times and a case could also be very dangerous. But what Sam said was right to. He wasn’t getting enough sleep and was doing non-stop research. He did need to stop and lift his head.
“Shut the fuck up, Sam” Gabriel said.
“You sure that’s the Vatican?”
. Special Agent Cobain. Dean liked this one
“Yeah, same.”
Sam looked at Gabriel. He clearly didn’t want to go today. Because he was …scared? Sam sighed. “I agree with him” he said pointing at Gabriel. “We already did enough today and we earn a break. Let’s do the rest tomorrow.”
EMMA SMITH – 2019
“It’s Doctor Who”
Sam thought for a second. “Favorite board game?”
He should be fine.
“It’s the place where everything was designed. Basically, a department full of blue prints” Gabriel explained “Some of the things went to higher class of angels to be made, like Earth, but most were designed and made in there.”
Dean was frozen. What should he do? Yes, he’s seen ghost before but they usually tried to attack him whenever he saw one
“Yes”
Dean left Sam’s room and walked towards Cas’s. He had a gut feeling that both Cas and Jack were going to be there. He was right.
Enjoy
the time. He was trying to deny this but sometimes, he found himself thinking about Cas’s baby-blue eyes and his all-time confused face.
“Did you find him?” Castiel asked.
“So, question” Dean said “do you think should we tell the others like, Sam, Mary, Jack and Bobby and Gabe or should we keep it in between us for now?”
“Probably a ghost.”
He didn’t care that it was technically a museum
Jack thought for a second “I don’t know. I’m not used to eating much so I don't know what I like” he said.
It didn’t take Gabriel long to finish his coffee. Only two minutes. In that two minutes, Sam had paid the bill and got his and Gabriel’s stuff packed.
Where had Gabriel’s life gone to?
Being the nerd he is
Enjoy
Sam and Gabriel were next to each other and they were also holding hands.
“9, I think” Sam said.
Sam knew who Freddie Mercury was
“He’s like a father to me” he said, imitating Gabriel’s voice.
Dean thought
“Awkward” Dean finished for him. “That was very awkward”
“You will” Castiel confirmed.
They finished their tour at about 6:30.
“Hey Samsquatch” he said with a grin.
“Thank you” Gabriel mouthed at Sam.
No Gabriel was NOT jealous
He rolled on top Gabriel and lightly sat on the archangel’s tummy.
” he said.
But pizza also reminded Dean of someone. Someone he had killed for Sam.
“At least we’ll be able to see what’s around us without needing Daddamn
“Oh. I understand now.”
“Nebraska. It is just a two-hour drive. That’s why I picked this one. It close. We’ll clear our heads.”
“I was in Paris at the time. They had great food”
“Yeah” he admitted “I have no idea how to do this shit and I am fucking terrified.” Gabriel said and threw his shirt somewhere near his tie.
WILLIAM CUSTOL – 2017
“Ok, got that.” Dean said and left his brother’s room.
“Well, this is unusual.” Dean said when Sam was done. Dean had seen some pretty weird shit and connections. This wouldn’t exactly fit in the category of being weird but it was a first that the connection between the victims being that they had all being Christians.
Dean loved the museum.
” he said “
Gabriel hadn’t realized how much time had passed. It was already 1:30 and they were done with the hunt. He had a promise to keep to Sam.
late.”
“Yea-“
And then he just left. Without saying anything. Sam was worried about him because he was low on grace and Gabriel also had a bit of reputation of getting himself in trouble,
With that Gabriel did a roll which should’ve been impossible for someone his height and weight. He also brought Sam with him.
Gabriel hated homophobic people. Not in the level that they hated the LGBTQ+ but, he hated them. Especially the ones who put the Bible as an excuse. Why do they care who fucks who? Gabriel certainly didn’t care. Hell, he didn’t even care about their gender too. And he was a fucking archangel! He sometimes just wanted to shout that to their face. And now, one of these souls didn’t move in to their afterlife and started
The diary had a leather cover and its paper underneath looked very fragile, as if it would crumble with a touch.
except with his actual other brothers
“Well, that took you long” Gabriel said.
“I also thought about bringing Gabriel and Jack too.”
Again, Sammy was right. Gabriel had heavy eyelids and undereye bags. He hasn’t been sleeping much. He hadn’t realized this earlier because of his confident voice and smile but now he did.
The drive took about 3 hours in total. When they arrived at Nebraska, they found a cheap, 3-star hotel and got a room.
Gabriel told Dean to take another left and told them that they were there.
“Yup” he popped the ‘P’.
“Why?” Dean asked as he opened the door of the Impala.
Dean’s reflexes got the gun from under his pillow and pointed it at Castiel. Well, he hadn’t realized that that was Cas in front of him.
“Uhh” Sam groaned and let his head do a small roll.
“Cas, are you alright?” Dean yelled, who had just realized what happened.
Gabriel pulled away again. He needed to breathe. Sam’s enormous body had enormous lungs so he could hold his breath for longer. But not Gabriel.
Sam smiled. Gabriel did too.
“Do you have any idea how lucky you are that I like this one?” he asked Gabriel.
“Monopoly” the archangel answered “I like the look on people’s faces when they have to pay me a high rent” Sam chuckled “You?”
Castiel had woken up the group this time at around 11am.
“Yeah, we did” Sam said. Dean waved the diary at them.
“Yeah, we know. We were also thinking about talking to the priests first.” Gabriel said.
“Wait you knew?” Sam asked.
He patted Jack’s back and saw a trench coat pacing towards him. Cas. Castiel. His angel who ‘gripped him tight and raised him from perdition’.
“Yeah, we should.” Sam agreed “I’ll stay with him. You go find Cas.”
Gabriel smiled “I’d be offended if you didn’t.”
“This is real life, G-“
“Well Sammy teenagers commit suicide every week. This is not anything weird.” Dean argued.
Here's the next chapter
Cas looked back at Dean with his wide, blue eyes. Damn they were beautiful.
“I’ll wait outside” Sam said.
Sam looked at Dean “I like it” he argued.
But why can’t they? Because Cas was a guy? Cas had explained this to him once. Angels didn’t have genders, not like humans did. They were a whole different species. Cas only
Dean said that there was no need wake up early and they probably chatted until 3am or something. It was a good night.
, which was pretty similar to what Sam and Gabe had told. The children were happily living their lives, minding their own business. Again, until they decided to come out of that closet.
“It’s good to see you too, Gabe.” Dean said and hugged Gabriel.
The nun (Sister Melisa) joined her hands in front of herself and kept her head low. “Yes, Father. I came out to have a drink and saw these three gentlemen. They were looking for you.”
After dinner Gabriel went back to the dungeon to carry on with his research. He had first started by researching about archangel graces to double check his knowledge. The books all said the same thing. ‘
Dean wasn’t that good at history. But from what he remembered from high school literature lessons, Shakespeare and Elizabeth lived in the same time period, right?
Sam took off the tie and threw it somewhere over Gabriel’s bed.
“Yeah”
I am sorry for probably freaking you out and I need you to know that I am fine and I’m just gonna go and see a friend. You can come in the next round, just not now. Anyway, please don’t try to follow me. I doubt you can.
He quickly turned his head towards his laptop and tried not to blush.
But it wasn’t exactly a voice. It was more like layers of wind getting on top of each other and somehow speaking.
“And Emma?
He tried to keep his head low but couldn’t resist and looked up at Sam.
“Everything, really. From stars and constellation and galaxies to the little cup holders in cars”
“What do you need?”
” he said.
“Yeah. Anyway, who’s yours?
Mary stood up high “Yeah?”
“Aww” Gabriel said.
“Brother?” Dean asked. Did the alternate Michael count as Gabriel’s brother? Dean did wander about that too.
(See the end of the chapter for
It shouldn’t be that hard, should it?
“People who didn’t like who they were”
“Yeah, let’s do that” Dean said “So you said there were two churches, right.” Both Sam and Gabriel nodded in agreement “Then, we’ll take one and you take the other. We’ll cover more ground that way”
This bit was what was familiar to Gabriel. He had done a lot of research for the last couple of weeks in the Bunker. He opened his laptop and opened a Google tab.
“C’mon Sam! Danger is no new news for us!”
The stars were beautiful that night. The group drank and talked and watched the sparkles of light in the sky.
“Fine by me” Dean said, smiling.
“Ok, fine”
Enjoy
“So, he first agreed to help you, then he attacked you because you were gonna burn his diary?” Bobby asked, shocked.
Gabe went after Lucifer with Rowena, which took guts because last time Gabriel saw Lucifer, Lucifer stabbed him.
After a 10 second hug with no words, Dean finally pulled away.
He couldn’t risk it. Either for Sam or for his friend. So, he decided to do this alone. Though he could use some help at the time.
Sam didn’t speak for a minute than said “It’s getting late, you should go to bed”
“I don’t think it is. But Sam told me that he was doing a lot of research without much sleep or gaps. A case would lift his head and stretch his legs. But well, he wouldn’t do it willingly so Sam decided to bring him with us.”
“So what do you think it is?”
The man tried to deny that there was a leak by saying that the line wasn’t in the house’s bio or that nobody had called them. Dean and Sam kept lying and finally he went inside to go get his wife out for Dean and Sam to ‘fix the leak’.
He previously had some doubts about this but as it got darker and his eyes adjusted more, he could see why Gabriel wanted to do this.
“Yeah, okay” Gabriel said and typed ‘Instagram’ in the tab.
He had no idea if it would actually work in the first place. He may have made something wrong and may go and find himself in a fire planet or something
Cas was about to take a card from the pile but he saw Dean and got up.
“Is this your diary?” Gabriel asked, holding up the notebook.
. Except from the part that they had no guarantee that they’ll be able to find anything about the ghost, and also, they’ll probably be in extreme danger if the ghost was there.
Dean had been staring at Cas for about two minutes.
“Think of it as, a prince, who was well trained in dueling and very scary, and sexy, looking, walking through the streets of the working class, trying to make some friends. They were either scared or tried to befriend me because I was an archangel.”
“Are you ok?” Castiel asked, always so caring.
. Then Jack came along and both Dean and Sam kind of adopted him whilst Jack already believed that Castiel was his father. It wasn’t that hard to get used to Jack.
“Do you wanna know something that no one else in Earth knows?” Gabriel asked.
Sam sighed and rolled his eyes. Gabriel just smiled like an idiot.
Matt stared at Dean “
So, he just gave Sam a warm-hearted smile instead.
“Yeah, whatever. I gotta call Dean.” Sam said. Gabriel nodded and Sam dug out his phone and called Dean.
“When what?” Castiel asked.
“Yes and I actually got a romantic idea in my mind. Also, so that your and my idiot brothers can admit their feeling to each other”
Gabriel insisted that they walked on foot, saying that he was tired of sitting down in the Impala
But Castiel and the little dude on the statue looked nothing like each other.
“Love it” Sam replied.
“Lucifer” he sighed as the two hunters finished.
Mathew gave them an address. It was only a couple of blocks away but there was someone living in there these days. They’d have to find a way to get in.
homo and transphobic ghost.
It was stupid but he couldn’t stop it.
I’ll tell you the way” Gabriel said when everyone sat down.
“Yeah. He actually was in series 1. Did you watch that episode with the kid with the gas mask during World War 2?”
” he pointed at Jack “
Sam looked at him and looked back inside. He was right. It was very nice and impressive with the candles hanging from the painted roof, and the biblical paintings and all.
“I don’t think Gabriel has ever hunted before, Sammy.”
Sam nodded.
Dean thought as they left the theater.
“What kind of things?”
Dean stopped struggling with Gabriel and looked at the road ahead of him.
“Hey” he said “I am Gabriel. And yes, me, Cassie and Jack here aren’t exactly human. I mean Jack half is but anyway.”
The man stood for a second, probably thinking. “Uh, yes. I remember William and Laura. They did used to com here a couple of years ago. Didn’t they, you know?”
“You first”
“Nebraska is one of the states with the least light pollution” Gabriel said “That means it is good for watching the stars. It would’ve been better if we were more north-west, it's even less there, but this should do”
“Soooo” Gabriel said as he turned towards Sam “research”
“Okay. I think you’re losing the point now” Sam said.
But Dean couldn’t make a move. What if Castiel didn’t like him back? Then their whole relationship would break and Dean wouldn’t be able to see Castiel again. The angel would probably just ignore him. Dean was too scared.
“Well, I think we should tell Mom” he said.
get bored. "Yeah, I'll come" he said. He turned at Jack and Castiel “You?”
He fell to his knees and saw Sam running towards him.
*muffled talking in the other end of the line*
Now it was time to kill that weird-ass ghost.
With perfect timing, Sam came out of the bathroom with fresh clothes
“What’s he researching about”
Sam turned his computer towards Gabriel. William Custol’s Instagram account was open. Sam showed Gabriel a photo that he shared. It was a photo of a guy with a bit long light brown hair, just like Gabriel’s. The kid also had a cross earing. Another believer.
Sam put a hand through Gabriel’s hair, lightly and slowly massaging his scalp. Gabriel liked that. “Go on”
Sam smiled “Ok, so?”
They were sat in the Impala, a block away from the warehouse.
The archangel lifted his head, thinking.
Dean quiet liked Gabriel even though he sometimes got on Dean’s nerves. But well, nobody’s perfect and Gabriel can be pretty damn useful sometimes. Also, he was the only sane archangel left
Sam just stared at him, a million thoughts in his head.
“Let’s leave tomorrow morning” he offered.
Gabriel had to admit that he was not as chill as he looked. This ‘going to the warehouse and finding clues’ was his idea. But he never thought that it’d come to this.
“We came to Nebraska and there is one thing I always wanted to do in here. We can only do it in the night though”
But Dean also wanted Cas to came. He missed him very much and wanted to spend some time with him. Deep down, Dean also knew that he wanted Cas close
Castiel gave Dean some basic ingredients that they had in the Bunker and Sam a sigil to draw on the head on Gabriel’s bed.
“So, I hacked into the other girl’s phone to track her GPS, yeah.” Gabriel nodded “apparently, she also went to the church at least once a week”
“Hey, hey!” Dean shouted “what was it with the victims? How did you pick them?”
“What, seriously!”
Sam knocked on the door “Mom?” he said loudly so that the sound can travel through the door.
Castiel had woken them up in the morning, roughly at 9.
, his hair still wet and he had a towel on one hand and his old clothes on the other.
“Yeah. Umm, you can start by going in to their social media accounts. See if you can find out where they were before …you know”
Gabriel thought about it. “I think I would saaay, John Barrowman or Freddie Mercury”
Sam could relate. He didn’t really like suits either. Mostly because they were either a bit too small for his ginormous size or because they just fit perfectly and made it hard for him to freely move his arms without ripping the fabric. But he did like the way that they looked.
Sam turned to Gabriel.
He made Gabriel pancakes for breakfast and sometimes cookies too. Poor thing was still freaked out and probably thought that Sam was actually Asmodeus and he was still in that cage.
“Yes, Jack it would. We don’t know what we are walking into.” Castiel said.
. He didn’t want to think about Michael now.
They found the left wall and tried to find some loose bricks.
Jack thought about it for a second until he nodded in agreement.
It was absurd! Why was everyone still here when they could’ve left and had a normal life! Dean definitely would’ve done so if he was one of these people.
“Can you find the church that they all went to. Maybe it is more about the place rather that the belief” Gabriel said. Just then, the waiter brought their coffee. Gabriel added two spoons of sugar and took a sip.
Dean had put a Led Zeppelin cassette and he didn’t take any other suggestions.
“I had a good teacher” he explained and called his brother. Dean picked up in a second.
Both Sam and Gabriel were in bed, shirtless, lying close to each other.
“Really, now?”
“I can cast a spell to make the healing process faster. But he’ll have to heal on his own”
“He is miserable. He lost his grace Dean and remember; he is younger than he looks. This is all new to him. He also needs to clear his head.”
“Oh you are- umm. Umm we could- uhhh. Oh, you pick something for once!”
Sam ran his fingers through Gabriel’s hair, pulled him up and kissed him again. This time, Sam was ready. They both were.
With a puff, Gabriel was gone.
careful” Sam said
Sam stopped and lifted his head up a bit so it was parallel to Gabriel’s face.
Jack held the diary and ignited the lighter underneath.
Sam turned around “Hi.”
“Yeah. Jack wants to see the last scene so let’s just wait” Gabriel added.
“We should get Cas”
Dean drove to the warehouse whilst Gabriel was looking through the diary.
“Where is it?”
Castiel smiled “I love you too, Dean Winchester”
“I gotta tell you something, Sam” Dean said.
Awesome Dean thought we just went in and the ghost appeared. Fucking awesome.
“Yes, yes, you did” Sam said and took out his wallet. He took a 5-dollar bill and passed it to Gabriel.
“Captain Jack Harkness” Gabriel said “that’s who he’s playing in Doctor Who. He’s even a bigger flirt than I am”
“We’ll see you around then” Dean said.
“Yeah” Sam said.
Sam didn’t know the exact time he did. It could’ve been after the first apocalypse when he thought that Gabriel was ‘dead.’ He missed him but didn’t think about it much. But after he returned, Sam truly realized how much he missed Gabriel. He didn’t want to lose him again.
“I ain’t gonna go and see a ghost with him” Dean said.
This was because Jack couldn’t choose what to order, due to the fact that he previously didn’t need to eat, and Dean decided to order chips for him
Sam didn’t like his new position either so he decided something else.
“Yeah right. Archangel.”
“Yeah. I’m not in the mood of ‘Dean going crazy and asking a bunch of questions’ “
“Who even does that? Do they just want us to stay in the theater more?” Dean said.
Sam set him on his bed. The walls were still painted with the Enochian but Sam realized that Gabriel did add some more writing to the places he hasn’t written before. Sam didn’t translate it fully (he was still trying to learn Enochian, and damn it was a hard language) but he took out bits. They were about their latest adventures against Loki and also ended with going on to the alternate universe.
Gabriel was on top now. He was used to this more.
is actually you and the other angels your friends?”
“And you never told us!” Dean asked disappointedly.
Castiel was shaking Dean.
“He did
But time passed and Gabriel became better. Killing Asmodeus had also done him good. He finally got his revenge after everything he has been through.
He heard another shotgun get fired and Matt disappeared again and Gabriel was free.
“I’m not shotgun” he simply said. Sam raised his eyebrows, impressed. Not everybody was brave enough to argue about the music when Dean was driving.
Dean lay in between Sam and Cas and who were both staring at the sky.
“You brought us all the way to here to watch the stars” Castiel said.
Gabriel wanted to make a comment and say
“The first thing after we get back to the bunker”
“Hey Sam” Mary said “Castiel, Gabriel, Jack”
Dean nodded and ran out of the door.
"Let them eat cake", she says
“Is it like a big secret or something?”
He had just realized that he didn’t know. He hadn’t known that they left because he was too busy researching.
They got out of the car. They also learned that Gabriel had hid a bottle of whiskey and a blanket in the trunk.
He couldn’t even see Cas or Mary or Jack until Jack walked from the back of the bunker and said “Dean”
“Cassie, you good” Gabriel asked. He was worried about his little brother. He may not show his care very often but he did care about some of the younger angels. The others were usually assholes.
“Yes. A very dangerous one. Do you have any idea what could ha-” Sam kept talking but Gabriel realized that he couldn't pay attention.
“I was 12. Dad didn’t let me go when I was younger. So, yes, I did go to bed at bout 9 because I was a kid. You are not a kid but it’s your first hunt so you shouldn’t stay awake until 1 am or something”
And now, Dean’s brain had made a connection. Pizza = Death the Horseman.
He gave Castiel a quick kiss and let go.
Gabriel didn’t understand the hunter’s obsession with pie. Sure, it was nice, but not the best like a good tiramisu or churros with melted chocolate on top
Dean, Jack and Castiel were sitting in the hotel room, their laptops open, waiting for Sam and Gabriel.
“A gas leak!” Sam said.
Castiel looked at Dean and Dean looked at him.
“Yeah, I am. Anyway, I went there and everyone was minding their own business and I saw this angel in a corner with headphones on. I think he was painting the Alpha Centauri, not sure. Anyway, we started chatting and I realized that he was actually talking to me because he liked me rather than because I am an archangel and we became friends”
Dean sighed and closed his laptop. Gabriel was right. They
, Dean thought.
Gabriel took the tissue.
and Special Agent Plant. We’re hear about the tragic death of Emma Smith and would like to speak with the priest.”
Dean looked at Jack.
23:58
“How can I help you today, gentlemen?” he asked.
Gabriel nodded through all of them and went through the wooden doors.
Gabriel checked his phone’s clock.
The building was beautiful even though it was rather small. It was full of colors and decorations and candles.
The first reason was mostly to keep Sam safe in case anything happened.
look but also
“It’ll be a surprise. You’ll see”
“Is the research part always this easy?” Gabe asked Sam.
Mr. and Mrs.  Peck got out of the house and Dean and Sam got in.
Dean rubbed his face and sighed. “Fine. We’ll go tomorrow.”
This was a bit of an oversimplification. For the full explanation, Gabriel would have to talk about how some humans were the vessels of certain but not all angels because a part of their personality or life fit to the said angel. That was why Nick's body couldn't keep Lucifer inside for long in the first apocalypse.
They kept staring at the stars, still holding each other’s hand.
“I lost a bet” Sam repeated.
At about midnight, Sam walked the dungeon.
Gabriel smiled “Great” he clapped his hands once “So we’re doing this.”
anyway, enjoy
“No, no not here. I’m saying that we can say there is a gas leak in that house and say that we’re gonna fix it”
“Hi” Sam said “I’m Special Agent Page, FBI, and this is my partner, Special Agent Young”
Gabriel didn’t like getting bossed around but he agreed and waited until Dean, Castiel and Jack had left and turned to Sam and took his jacket off.
“You also know that he like you, right?”
“It’s not my fault that you don’t enjoy your coffee like I do Samsquatch.” He grinned, classic
“Probably because I actually talked to him rather that shoot”
“Do you count as a celebrity, being an archangel and all”
“And what about Jack?”
Gabriel did try to pay attention but any time he looked at Sam’s eyes that never seemed to stay the same color, his mind slipped into a different dimension made only by Sam’s face and body.
his brother. We’ll make the hunt an excuse for him to lift his head from all those books.”
“Oh, who bet what?”
Sam would’ve been still mad about that but after the recent events, he simply couldn’t feel that way anymore
Also, can you spot the little Hamilton reference?
Dean was going to answer that but Castiel spoke first “We had also thought of the same thing. But found out that three other teenagers had died the same way in the last 10 years. I think another one of the victims had also used to come here, Alex Dis. Maybe you’ve heard of him.”
When they were eating lunch, it was fine because Gabriel knew how to keep the chat away from certain things. He’d probably done it for years. But Dean didn’t know how. And this was the only way to  keep the talk under his control.
Cas looked at him like he could read Gabriel’s mind. Maybe he could? Gabriel was human and Castiel was an angel at the time.
until he came down to Earth.
“Yes. Sure. Father Camacheo is in the backroom. He should be out in a minute. Also, I have heard that that poor girl had committed suicide. Why would the FBI be interested in a that?”
He then took the iron fire sticks and closed the truck.
“Okay mom” Gabriel said, defeated “I’ll go to bed and get a good night’s sleep like a good boy.” He added sarcastically.
Dean knew that it was probably making him look like a bitch. Treating Jack and Cas as incompetent children
Sam looked at him, puppy eyed, wanting for more.
Sam was leaning on the wall opposite, looking at his phone. He saw Gabriel come out, put his phone in his pocket and stood up straighter.
Castiel smiled “Of course Dean”
The nun thought for a second.
Gabriel chuckled “No I wasn’t”
He opened Alex Dis’s Instagram account had started scrolling. Photos of Alex and his family and his friends. Oh, there was what Gabriel was looking for. There was a photo of Alex and another guy in front of Vatican.
“Time was all jumbled up. They could have a look at the future to see what humanity would need. Or just use it for simple things like good music. Honestly, Heaven’s idea of ‘good music’” Gabriel did air quotes “is just harmonies and choirs. And no instruments. It’s really boring”
Jack didn’t say anything for a while “I think it wouldn’t hurt to leave tomorrow” he said.
“Yeah?” Sam said and bent down to Gabriel’s neck and started kissing him slowly.
“What’s the Hall of Creation?” Sam asked. He had read a lot about Heaven and how it worked but he has never heard a place called the Hall of Creation before.
“Do I look like an uncultured idiot to you? Of course, I know who Angus Young is! But isn’t AC/DC a bit out of time?”
Castiel took a step and closed the little gap between them. Their chests were now touching and Dean moved his left hand to Castiel’s head and was caressing his hair.
Sam told the backseat passengers about the details of the case while Dean was too busy singing along to Bohemian Rhapsody.
He actually had a headache, probably because if the amount of alcohol he drank last night. But he didn’t care about that now
“Good luck” Sam said.
So sorry that this update is later than usual. Had a slight writers block and a lack of inspiration and now school is starting so the frequency of the new chapters will probably decrease.
Dean eyed Cas, who was still looking at his laptop, probably researching. His face was straight, focused on his work and Dean thought that he just looked so goddamn hot.
“Great. We got some priest to talk to”
Dean looked through the dates on the pages. 1814, 1817 and the latest was 8 September 1821. That must’ve been around the time that Mathew had died.
The man saw both the suited men walking towards him. He was young, maximum 37 with short dark hair and eyes as dark. He had a calm smile.
“Bingo”
, Gabriel had a grilled cheese and ham sandwich and Castiel didn’t eat anything.
“Yeah”
“I said that they would do so when we came back here. Gabe said yesterday night when we were watching the stars.” Sam said.
“If you ask me Sammy, it’s the beard. It’s giving you that ‘old chief’ look”
Gabriel saw them, smiled, got out and sat down at the backseat.
What the Hell was Gabriel thinking! Did he actually think that he could take Michael down himself!? Or maybe he was trying to sacrifice himself to save the others?
“So, how does this work anyway?” Gabriel asked when Sam was finished.
Matt must’ve really cared about the notebook. He had poured his heart out and wrote down secrets. Gabriel felt like a spy reading about someone’s personal life.
But Dean hated waiting. He was just born impatient. And this case seemed to take
“Yeah. But trust me, you’ll like it”
The credits started rolling and they were about to get up and leave but Jack told them otherwise and told them that there were two extra scenes after the credits.
They finally arrived at the church and Dean parked. They all got out and Dean made sure that Castiel’s tie was made the right way and tightened his own.
“Yeah, okay” Sam replied
The younger hunter stopped and looked at his brother. “Yeah?”
Hello again
“Dean, you like old cars, right?” Gabriel asked.
” he finally said “
“Of course, I do. They’re a classic. I just usually listen to other bands but haven’t listen this one in a long time.”
“No” Sam answered honestly “it usually takes me a whole afternoon, sometimes less if Dean wants to give a hand. But it never took me as short as twenty minutes or so.”
And Dean wasn’t going to push him to. He was being a good big brother.
“You never swung this way before Sammy, did you?”
“Great. What do you wanna eat, kiddo?” Gabriel asked.
He was scared of what he was about to do but he knew that he could trust Sam. Sam wouldn’t let his secret slip if Dean didn’t want it to.
“Have you learned anything useful from the book” Dean asked.
Dean didn’t know how long Michael was possessing him. Weeks, months maybe? He was also shocked that he just
“Got it” he said instead an put his badge in his suit’s inner pocket.
Castiel had noticed Dean.
He then gave Cas the Livgreen  one
Jack lifted his head to let that sink in.
“I mean c’mon!” Gabriel said “We are 3 supernatural beings and 2 life-long experienced hunters. What’s the worst that can happen?”
Trust me with this, I’ll be fine.
Dean thought but didn’t regret a second of it.
Gabriel nodded and started walking towards the (probable) minister. Sam just followed.
“Morning, Dean” he said “the shower’s amazing by the way”
Dean didn’t understand. They were literally in the middle of nowhere. There was a massive field around them and that was it.
Gabriel and Castiel left the warehouse and got in the Impala which was still parked where they left it.
Except from that occasion in the Supernatural convention when the mother ghost was trying to warn Dean and Sam about the children. But that was only once
“Angels” Gabriel said quite loudly “I mean Cas is. I used to be and Jack is a Nephilim. That means half-angel by the way”
They watched the new Spider-Man movie. Jack had watched Marvel as well as Star Wars and said that this was the latest movie and hadn’t watched it yet.
Sam pushed him lightly with his elbow. This was the exact thing he was scared Gabriel would do.
He was trying to move but his struggles were useless under the 200-year-old ghost’s power.
“I like Cas” he said “I don’t know since when but I like him. And not in the friends way, you know”
40 minutes later, everyone was done and Dean paid with the no-limit credit card that somebody called Charlie had given him some years ago. The little peaceful time was over and now was time for work.
“Told you” Gabriel said.
Nirvana didn’t fit the period of music that Dean liked. It was mostly from the 90’s but he liked the 70’s more but Nirvana was also as hard rocky as it got. He was in 15 years old when he got the news of Kurt Cobain’s death. The news did hurt him.
“What do you mean?” Sam asked.
Although to Sam and Dean’s standards, it was huge
himself to save Dean and Sam. Also, he gave them the solution to stop Lucifer. Dean
“Yeah. Me neither” Gabriel said.
Sam cleared his throat. “Anyway, we were wondering if you could answer some of our questions”
Dean let out a relieved sigh “God damn it, Sammy. Yeah, ok we can do that. Right?” he asked the back seaters.
Out of all of this, one bit stood out. At the end of the long writing were three words that Sam knew.
Gabriel was sleeping for the next couple of days. Ironically, he woke up the day that Dean!Michael killed Lucifer and Michael!Dean left. He then started his research of archangels.
“I thought so too but she was found in this warehouse, half a mile away from house, without a note. Also did some digging, and get this, the same thing happened 4 times over the last decade. All teenagers, found in the same warehouse without notes. People leave notes when they kill themselves Dean.”
“When do you think those two would admit their feelings?” Sam asked.
“I bet you five bucks that it was now, right here. You?”
Dean just stared at him.
Gabriel didn’t miss a beat “Oh yeah. He’s like a father to me”
Sam was still shocked. This was very much like the time that he and Dean had learned that angels existed too. They couldn’t believe it. But time passed and now look at Sam; lying half naked on bed with a fricking archangel!
He lifted his hands and said “Not Michael anymore”
Dean knew that. Jack and Cas had been on hunts multiple times and they knew how this worked. But he just wanted to keep a conversation going and not stay in silence. He also didn’t want it to move to other more important topics like Michael. It was only making Dean uncomfortable and even slightly scared
Well, enjoy
Dean saw Sam and gestured him towards the corridor and they both went in to Gabriel’s room.
“Yes” Jack said “the other cases were never like this one”
“You sure?” Dean asked.
“Dean, he’s in loves you as much as you like him” Sam explained.
“To the hotel?” Gabriel asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean moved back, desperately trying to get some air in his lungs.
The building was the same as they left it in the morning. Just a bit darker and spookier because of the time.
After Dean took a shower and changed his clothes, Sam held a meeting to explain everybody what happened with Michael and how he left Dean. Pretty much everyone was relieved that Dean had returned, but many didn’t understand why. Dean had the same thoughts. Why had Michael just left after all that trouble with him to say yes. It just wasn’t like Michael. There was something bigger coming up but that was not the time to worry about that. Now was the time to relax, at least a little bit.
Okay, Dean needed to be honest. They didn’t immediately go back to the hotel after they left that restaurant. They went to a supermarket and bought beer, a bottle of whiskey (Gabriel insisted, as always) and a bunch of salt for the hunt and went to the hotel.
And it was abandoned. They could’ve made thousands with this place.
There were a lot of boxes and Gabriel carried all of them and sat down on the floor and opened the spell book he found.
“Yes, but it wouldn’t change anything” this was Castiel who spoke “the ghost would do the same he would do to us in the night
Sam ended the call.
“Yeah. Anyway, first crush?”
Gabriel checked the clock on the wall. 5 past midnight. Sam was calling
“Sure, Dean” Castiel said.
I am on fire,
“Okay. Umm the name I got is a bit trashy” he said. Gabriel raised an eyebrow. He didn’t give a shit about how Sam thought the game was. He was bored and wasn’t tired. The best way to spend this time was with Sam.
Sam then realized that the new bit he wrote was more like a letter. But it was written on a wall. Who could-
“What? You needed a plan and I gave you one.”
He opened the door and the angel and the ex-archangel got out.
“Oh yeah. He stopped writing for about 6 years but then A Dance with Dragons was out in 2011. They also started the TV series that year. Anyway, what’s yours?”
“Tell me then. What is it this ‘not exactly a secret’ that no one else in Earth knows?”
This was because of 2 two reasons:
“Are there people living in there?” Sam asked.
“First” Sam said as he gave Gabriel a quick kiss on the lips “you act normal and relaxed. I’ll handle most of it. Just don’t mess things up”
Gabriel quickly let go of Sam’s collar and pulled away. He was blushing like crazy.
They put down their bags and sat down in the War room with some bottles of beer.
“Could you think of anybody who would want to harm them, Father?” Castiel had asked at the end.
“People don’t go to Vatican as a vacation, right?” Gabriel asked.
“Now yours”
“Okay look, if anything happens to anyone, or especially you, it is my fault. Ok?”
Dean chuckled. He wasn’t exactly worrying about telling Gabe about this but he was also kind of nervous. Since, well, Cas was Gabriel’s younger brother and Gabriel really cared about him.
“Yeah, it is” Dean explained “Think of it as-” Okay what can be a good comparison for their situation? “think of it as seeing me and Sam in a Shakespearean painting, standing next to the first Queen Elizabeth.”
Dean ran his hands on the leather of his beloved car. He missed her and was very relieved that Sam hadn’t done anything to her, since the first time he died, he connected and iPod. A fucking iPod! Dean didn’t like iPods. Even though they were practical, there was something different with them and cassettes.
“I’ll have a look at this Alex guy, you look for Will”
“Let me guess, you know a great place?” Dean asked.
“Dean thinks it’s Elvis but I actually like Celine Dion more. I mean, Elvis is a god, but Celine Dion comes a just bit higher"
“You’re the expert then”
The point was that dinner was nice, followed by dessert; pie. Dean’s favorite.
Dean opened the first page.
Sam had already taken his jacket off and was loosening his blue tie and opening his top button.
His brain was full of information now. About the guy’s horrific history. His mother had died during birth. An abusive father who didn’t really care about him. Getting rejected from good colleges and women. His father’s death and a long year of depression and loneliness.
Gabriel, Sam, Jack and Castiel took their bags from the trunk and Sam took Dean’s too. Gabriel shut it and they walked towards Dean, Bobby and Mary.
They got dressed and went to the town center to have breakfast somewhere.
“Never been surer of anything” Dean said.
Dean, at last, came to the conclusion that whatever Gabriel had previously done, he had paid. He paid too much. The last thing he and Sam could do was give him a safe place, a home.
” he looked at Gabriel “
He moved his hands and started undoing Sam’s tie.
“These are the names of the 4 victims and the year they died” he said.
Him and Castiel, alone, going into an actual haunted warehouse to speak with a ghost.
Dean thought
Dean couldn’t argue with that. Sam was his brother and if he didn’t want to go now, Dean wouldn’t force him.
“Umm, Dean?” Jack asked “what exactly are we looking for”
“Hey Sam” he said, a bit flirtishly.
“Hey” the archangel said “What’s up?”
Dean felt the hairs on his arm shooting up and the temperature dropped by at least 10 degrees.
“Alright then” Dean said and say down “For some reason, the ghost wants you” he looked at Gabriel “why is that anyway?”
The answer that this church’s minister gave was the same as the one Dean, Castiel and Jack’s.
“I suppose not that hard” Castiel said with a hint of smile.
“Dean would cut you if he knew, right?” Gabriel knew Dean Winchester. The guy was not a fan of modern music.
Michael laughed and his wings shook as he did.
The Prince whipped his head around in slight panic as now he was completely in the darkness. At least before he had a dimly lit room, now with the blindfold he had nothing.
"What is it?" He called as the maid peeked her head in
"Mkay" he croaked as Sam held the other man's bruised hand still
With the flutter of wings Castiel appeared outside the bunker, he knew the main entrance would be locked, and while the bunker was warded, it wasn't warded to their Castiel, hence it wasn't warded to keep him out either.
"Yeah yeah I know." Dean grumbled casually looking back to the file.
Michael frowned and exchanged a look with Castiel who frowned and looked down at his feet.
With a forced little pained smile Castiel turned and exited the room, chim held high as he tried to act as if nothing was upsetting him.
No he wouldn't. Ever.
Rowena waited until he was no longer in sight before clearing her throat
Charlie laughed and the Beta looked over her shoulder at the Prince
Kelly blushed as Lucifer talked, incapable of concealing the huge smile that had formed on her lips. "Well, our dogs won't take up much space at first, so no hurry, love." she giggled, enjoying the simple fact that she was sitting next to the one person she loved most on this planet.
"I'm sorry you're witnessing Raphael's insolence. Please come with me and I will show you the gardens or the libraries."
Dean snapped his head to the side and grabbed the hand in his mouth and bite down as hard as he could.
Dean struggled frantically with the ropes, finally getting them cut enough to pull his hands free, he ripped at the rope around his ankles. When the Hunter was finally free he bolted out into the rain, beholding the fight that had taken flight. Eyes darting around Dean ran into the little parking lot, grabbed one of the discarded angel blades, shielded his eyes and wondered how the hell he was supposed to help his husband.
Michael turned on his heel and stood before Castiel's door. The doors all seemed to blend in with the white halls and marble floors, except each door had been hand painted by each Prince when they had been young. Castiel's was adorned with black feather patterns and a deep blue night sky, fancy gold letters with his name were about shoulder high on the door, and each feather that rained down had gold lining.
His heart hurt.
With a frustrated groan Dean scrubbed his hands over his face and soon found a door leading inside. Really he didn't recognize this hallway once he stepped through but figured it couldn't be a problem right?
Everyone froze as the short bearded and grey winged King stepped in and strode up to the table. He looked around at the disheveled and food covered Princes, and his future son in law, still standing on the table and frozen with a guilty look.
John sighed and squeezed Dean's shoulder his scent calming and Dean couldn't resist the fact he relaxed into it a little.
Cas loved the drive across New Orleans. It was like traveling through several cities all at once. Where they lived, there was nothing but forest, acres of land and a few houses here and there, then, suddenly they'd reach downtown where all the big buildigs would squeeze up to form a stunning skyline. Merely a few minutes further towards the sea, that dense skyline loosened up to give way for all kinds of cute little coffee places, restaurants with little balconies, clubs with dancefloors that faced the ocean and bars with a stunning view on the setting sun towards the evening.
"What is Michael's fiance doing on their own?" He said suddenly becoming a bit more serious.
Taking in a deep breath of the scent, nose buried in the collar of the coat Dean closed his eyes.
Sam's cheeks burned red with embarrassment "I mean-it doesn't matter I just-" He ran a hand through his hair trying to collect his thoughts and get them out properly "I've just not really heard of that type of relationship before." The teen mumbled unfolding on of the maps Gabriel had pulled out
Lucifer Pellegrino -
When Michael finally emerged, one of the gaurds held a large umbrella up for the Crowned Prince, the Alpha simply shook his head. Taking a few steps into the rain towards the soon to be filled grave, he watched as his brothers casket was lowered, and his father put the first scoop of dirt over it without so much as a second thought. It didn't feel right, none of it felt real. Speeches were given, his father spoke, but all the words were faraway, distant and muffled by an ocean of grief.
"Is that all that happened? For his scent lingers on you Dean." Sam spoke softly but his shoulders tensed
"Castiel I'm so happy you returned safely and with Dean alive, though I'm not confident to say he is well."
"Now, that you are done interrogating me on subjects I am uncomfortable expounding on... How are things at home? Kate and Adam? How are they? What of Lady Jessica?" Dean pressed knowing that mentioning the stunning Lady Moore would get his brother flustered.
He supposed Chuck would know, there's a certain mingling of two peoples scents that lingers after they're together. He couldn't just pretend it happened. Dean was at a loss as he put his hand in the cold water, he didn't/ want/ to seduce shit.
When he finally got out and dried off Dean put his robe on, tying it as he exited the bathroom.
Gabriel mentioned with a wrinkle of his nose as he opened his door wider
"The Omega Prince Dean Winchester of Earth." Michael said glancing back down at the letter in his hands
"Come on, let's get you guys home." Sam added finally pulling both men out of the destroyed hole, and pulling on of Cas' arms over his shoulder, Dean took the other side.
"I just do not want to think right now. I do not want to be alone, and I certainly do not want to be alone with only my thoughts and the waters edge." Lucifer whispered the growl dying in his chest as he blinked at her with watery eyes
Beta.
Gabriel snapped out of his own thoughts a Sam's words.
With one strong flap of his wings Michael dodged and for the first time attacked back.
"As Mine." Crowley crowed from the darkest corner of the room he had been lurking in. His sudden voice made all the demons turn with wide black eyes and a chorus of gasps
The spell turned out to be pretty easy and not needing any archangel grace at all.
This was something Sam did quite often. Gabriel wondered why. He’s seen other humans do the same thing throughout his time on Earth. Nicola Tesla had done that a lot too, usually just before he got a new idea.
“Okay, let’s just get on with it” Sam said.
“Favorite celebrity” Gabriel asked. They could do this later. Now was the time for a chat.
“Then what’s a job that you admire?”
“You are scared about going to the warehouse” Sam stated as he undid the last button.
Holy shit. He
“What brings you here, Winchester” Gabriel asked as he walked to his drawer to get some fresh clothes out.
“Lonely” Gabriel said “I was lonely. I was gonna go back to my chambers but decided to visit the Hall of Creation and give it a one last shot”
Gabriel lifted his chin and smiled.
That wasn’t that late for Dean. He had stood up longer other times, especially during hunts.
“Alright Deano, leave your affections for later.”
But he had to do this. He had to stop daydreaming about Sam and get on with what he was doing because Sam had asked him to do this. Gabriel didn’t want to be useless, he also didn’t want to disappoint Sam.
So I decided to wander through the City, maybe make some friends.
Gabriel thought as he saw the earlier photos.
Gabriel was quiet for a few second but he figured that being honest to Sam would be the best thing to do.
“Okay let’s go, Cassie” Gabriel said and gestured towards the door handle on Castiel’s side.
“I will go with Gabriel” Castiel offered.
“We’ll wait” Castiel answered.
“You just want to move on, right?”
“You’ll be
“Good” Gabriel Said and tossed it to Dean. He had the lighter and the salt.
Sam chuckled “Can’t wait” he said and they both walked out of the room.
They got changed and Sam gave Gabriel a fake FBI badge that he had made. Special Agent Angus Young. AC/DC’ s solo guitarist. Dean was using names from Led Zeppelin all the time, why shouldn’t Sam use AC/DC?
Here's a little epilogue and the end of this fic.
“Wow. That is-“ Sam couldn’t find a good word to describe the situation Gabriel was in. He wasn’t even sure if such a word existed.
“Earth is good” Jack said “There is pizza here.”
Gabriel had taken the shotgun seat and was talking to Cas and Jack from the front.
“So, tell me,” Gabriel said “when did the great Sam Winchester learn how to hack into dead teenagers’ phones’ GPS”
Good. They knew that Dean was in charge at the moment. Otherwise, there’ll be chaos and they would get wounded, or worse.
And Dean was blind. He thought that those were nothing but a level of friendship.
That woke up at around 10, had breakfast and got on the car to go back to the bunker.
There it was. The tragedy that Sam was expecting. Gabriel’s first real friend was Fallen and probably dead.
Dean was fine with the plan. He wanted to have a word alone with his little brother.
Castiel rolled his eyes but he went through the door of the warehouse.
“Pooo-op corn seller in a movie theater” Gabriel said. He was about to say pornstar but decided against it. There was a time and a place and this was not it.
Gabriel told Dean some directions and Dean drove. The place was on the same road as that vintage car museum but Gabriel told Dean to turn right instead of left.
“Later, big boy” he said with a smile “when we get back to the bunker”
They got out of the room to the corridor and Sam closed the door behind them.
“Sure” he said and stood up. What was Samquatch gonna tell him now?
In her pretty cabinet
The ghost nodded.
“Mom we gotta tell you something” Sam said.
Sam sighed again. Gabriel was determined that this was the only way and he would also come. There was no going back now.
“I mean, dude, you already told me” Sam said.
Dean entered the Bunker with Sam. Oh, how he missed this place.  It was his only stable home (except from his Impala) since he was 4 years old. And he shared it with people he loved, like Sam or Cas or Jack, and now Gabriel was also going to join, probably.
“Yeah, see. My partners’ parents weren’t around so I never needed to do this”
The ghost pretended that Dean didn’t exist and kept staring at Gabriel.
“I’ll come too” Sam said.
Dean was surprised. He expected a different reaction from his brother. But Sam was acting as if he knew it all along.
himself in research. That is not good.”
“Vatican?” Sam asked.
“Anyway, enough about us” Bobby said “what did you lot do?”
*high pitched screamig* ADJKVNLEJOZNFIXMNVMNKASD
Dean already knew that it was. He had just used it 15 minutes ago with the Smith’s. But it was just a force of habit now.
He also hadn't hadn’t told Sam about any of this the previous night.
But he couldn’t do that with Cas. He’s known him for too long. He can’t do the same thing. He had to make sure that Cas likes him back. That’s the only way Dean could and might make a move.
“The last place that Emma Smith was, according to her family, was that church I told you about” he said.
“Dad bless coffee” he said and raised the mug until setting it on the table once again.
They paid and left to go back to the hotel.
Sam opened the garage’s door and got in the car and Dean drove away.
“Dean, do you think there is something unusual with this case?” Castiel asked as they left the Café.
“What happened?” Castiel asked. He and Dean had no idea what was going on.
” he said “Sh
“Why was that?”
Gabriel stopped for a second “Don’t laugh” he said.
Okay.
They both got fully dressed and stood in behind the door and Gabriel kissed Sam.
Sam explained them about what they did in more detail and they listened. Simultaneously with Sam, Gabriel also showed them some of the pictures as if they wouldn’t believe what Sam was saying
Now there was no return. They would probably eat pizza.
The room’s temperature dropped another 10 degrees. Matt became clearer and he looked angry.
Did you like my little trashy haiku? I've been reading the Trials of Apollo and got brainwashed by Apollo's magestic poetry skills.
Gabriel offered his hand and Castiel took it.
Everyone was frozen. Dean was expecting the ghost to come back but he didn’t.
Gabriel was shocked. He hadn’t expected a reaction like this. He thought about all kinds of things but this was not on his list of the expected.
“Dean, light it!” Gabriel shouted.
He also felt sorry for the guy because Dean knew what hell was like and what it could do to a person. In Earth years, Gabriel was there for about 8 years. This equalled to 920 hell years.
“So what?”
Just then, an old-looking man came out of a door that Dean hadn’t even realized was there. That must be Father Camacheo he thought.
Jack and Cas nodded.
Dean thought
He then got on his tiptoes and pulled Sam from the collar of his flannel shirt.
“Hey” the younger Winchester said. Gabriel always liked Sam better than Dean. Dean was simply -more Dean-y. Also, sometimes a selfish asshole.
Sam and Gabriel went inside. The others were all sat on their beds and Sam and Gabriel did the same thing as if nothing had just happened.
But sometimes, he did really miss his brothers, and his father. They may not have been perfect, but they were still his family.
They left the café and stood under the midday’s sun.
“I’ll think about it” Dean said.
Sam bowed down to kiss Gabriel’s forehead. “I know”
“We should have lunch” Gabriel suggested and looked at Sam, whose bed was opposite his. Now that he needed food to survive, non-sugary things started tasting better.
“Only how depressing life was” Gabriel said “It was better in Paris. The revolution made it even better”
“Oh my Lord” she said “Yes, yes I remember Alex now. He was a sweet young boy. I had never thought he would do such thing.” She stopped again, replaying what Castiel had said in her mind “Oh, God. You think it may be a murder?” she sounded concerned.
His plan of checking if Cas liked him back wasn’t really working too. Cas was just acting normally, like how he always does. There was nothing special about that. Dean would have to wait and observe.
Dean ran to the War Room to find Cas.
Sam was going to leave but Gabriel spoke “Hey Sam”
Fuck.
So, he
Sam nodded and Dean, Castiel and Jack left.
Dean didn’t like saying this but, Heaven needed Gabriel.
Sam smiled
Jack was a step ahead of them. He had already grabbed Dean’s lighter when all this was happening and was running towards the diary.
