A/N: Oh boy! Sorry again for the late update, but I am so happy that all of you are still following along diligently. Thank you all so much for taking the time to read and review, you make me happy. Without any further ado on with the show!
“It will also show me how much range and mobility it has attached to your body. This way, we can plan around it to design the perfect outer armor for your desired use.”
Oh man, he did not even know how he was going to explain that one to Bucky. Thanks a fucking lot Maximoff.
The genius watched with utter astonishment and supreme satisfaction as Steve completely ignored him and proceeded to deliver a devastating right hook directly into the middle of the Rhododendron’s face. Tony was willing to bet that everyone felt the same righteous satisfaction when that demented bunny flew several hundred feet away and landed with a sickening thud out cold.
He expected that kind of bull shit from Shield and various other people.  But not from his own team.  He thought they were way past that kind of crap.  But he can see it clearly now.  It hurts, it hurts like you wouldn’t believe.  Especially from Natasha and Tony.
Tony groaned audibly in his hands. Seriously, this whole fucking thing was an absolute nightmare. It had been three days since he had the brilliantly stupid idea to break James Buchanan Barnes out of the strongest super max prison in the world and five days since Calamity took Steve.
The soldier disengaged.  A rope ladder came down from the helicopter.  The soldier gripped a rung with his left arm.  The helicopter made its escape with no resistance.  Steve was exhausted and thoroughly beat up.  Even if he had the energy to try and keep the chopper from making a getaway he simply couldn’t.
A/N: And another one bites the dust. Now I seriously cried writing this one. It was definitely a hard one to get through. I hope you all enjoyed it even through all the potential sniffles. It’s going to get worse before it gets better. We still have to find Bucky and deal with the fallout that comes with that and watch Steve get thrown back in time at the end of chapter 25. Please stayed tuned for the next leg of the adventure!
As he worked an odd sense of euphoric nostalgia overcame him. It’s like his hands knew exactly how to draw the armor. Every curve of the platings were so familiar. Almost like he had drawn this image hundreds of times before. It was coming out more defined and detailed on the page then it ever hoped to be in his own mind. He couldn’t understand how that was even possible but he kept working.
The genius’s eyes fluttered shut at the sensation.  The Captain ran his fingertips down Tony’s face and along his jaw slightly tracing the outline of the genius’s stylized beard.  Tony emitted a shuddering breath and opened his eyes as Steve lifted his face away to look at him.  They stared into each other’s eyes longingly.
Okay, pity party over. Tony did not like this attitude. He finally got a hold of himself and remembered why he was here.
“Uh, no not really.  It was a house in Heartland, Massachusetts where my grandmother lived.  I would walk past it on the way to the market.  It was the long way there, but I avoided the other kids that way.  I had always stopped to admire the house, it looked so…  Peaceful and warm I guess.”  The captain trailed off when it seemed Tony was looking a bit dazed.
He had to put a stop to this before it went any further. He was not going to put himself through this, not with only days left to live. It’s so stupid that thirty minutes ago he would have tried to take this as far as it would go. He thought he could almost hear his heart rip more at the thought that Tony would have come here to do this after being with Pepper and that thirty minutes ago he would have been none the wiser!
Did this devise hurt that special person?  He would destroy the core to protect someone.  Someone with an artificial heart…  Heart…  He holds his heart.
“You read through the journal, Tony. Did you forget? You know the kind of horrors that man has been through. Why do you think they had to go through such disturbing, atrocious and extensive lengths to take control of him and maintain control of him?” She demanded as her voice went deadly low.
First off, your bastard friend, Barnes, thinks you're a rotten punk but he's gonna make you proud anyway because he's 'With you to the end of the line and passed that.' He said you'd know what that means.
He nodded. Just thinking about spending time with his Babydoll made him feel thousand times better. He could just imagine it, Ellie’s Golden curls bouncing as she laughed heartily around a spoonful of ice cream. He couldn’t wait.
Steve ended up recruiting Sam Wilson, a talented soldier from a para-rescue unit, code name Falcon. Through Sam they ended up recruiting an electrical engineer with a record. Scott Lang apparently was in possession of unregistered Pym-Tech technology with fascinating capabilities with the code name Ant-Man.
Steve sat down and grabbed her hand and quickly gave thanks to the Lord. The moment he ended the prayer she ate that forkful delightfully.
“We’re definitely going to want to talk privately.” The genius suggested as he began to move to head back to his lab.
They looked down the building to see what the commotion was. A very fat man was looking over Von Dooms prone body. He looked up to where the Avengers were grouped together.
She went back to her little worktable and swept her colored pencils aside and began showing him a few different versions of Rocky she made. Her skill was incredible. She was going to be a very talented artist if she continued to indulge in this hobby.
He struggled to rise off of the ground before the bot could deliver another attack. He was too late. The bot had adapted to be much quicker than the Captain and now securely has Steve’s neck in its death grip.  It rose its mechanical arm up slowly until Steve’s feet were barely dangling above the ground.
“My Dear Captain, I had hoped you would address me again.” She smiled and came back to stand behind Steve once more. She also ran her fingers down his cheek, tracing his jaw.
“It’s useless to follow conjecture. We need to focus on what we know for certain, the things we can do. There’s no sense in trying to interpret something that people have been arguing about for centuries.” The captain eyed them one by one. He was about to continue before a voice cut in.
It was also created by a machine that Tony had only seen the rough schematics of once before and by the genius's estimation the machine he saw was still in its early developmental stages.
“The pain!” He shouted. “I don’t deserve this! This-this relief. I deserve to suffer!” He wailed wretchedly.
And even more twisted and vile was Tony’s involvement in the whole disgusting thing. He could still feel Iron Man’s vicious grip on his neck under the cold steel of the restraining collar. Tony held him down and prevented him from reaching Bucky and… and… then…
“We’ll surrender quietly, just please, don’t let him die.” Steve pleaded fresh tears ran down his face despite his best efforts at keeping them at bay.
She laughed, "No, not in the way you think. Yes, I have conjured this illusion I am showing you now. However, this is a real place very far from here." She said almost remorsefully. "At least, it once was."
He felt a strong grasp on his shoulder and turned to see Barnes smiling at him. “You did it.” He commended.
"Not gonna happen, asshole!" Iron Man sent another barrage of missiles to the Rhododendron. The pink bunny remained unmoved and Tony's earlier suspicion had been confirmed when they exploded harmlessly thirty feet away.
Steve rested on the ground for a moment taking stock of his injuries. His right arm was fractured, he was sure at least three ribs were broken and two others cracked. His left leg was pretty sore and likely sported a miner fracture as well. He’d have to be mindful on how to move until they healed. He began to watch the battle between the Doom Bot and his team mates.
Tony went red in the face realizing now that Barnes was going through his Amazon order history. The genius snapped out of his mortification when Wanda slapped her hands over her face desperately trying not to laugh out loud.
Tony did not know how long he was staring blankly at the screen of code when Barnes came up behind him and whistled.
Well that idea was shot out the window.  The energy of the room fell rapidly.  This is becoming ridiculous.
You mustn't dwell too hard on the what-ifs. There has been much in your life that had been taken from you. And though it is healthy to remember them and give them the respect in time to mourn the loss, you should not dwell and yearn for them. True, it's easier said than done and there have been many times when I, myself, have dwelled and yearned for the past.
He could see how Bucky’s demeanor had changed. When moments ago he was cocky and defiant, now he could see how frightened he truly was. The trauma and terror was bone deep. Tony could visibly see his composure crack. It was utterly revolting. Yet, despite knowing what the contents of the journal has in store for him he refused to talk. Of course, he wouldn’t say anything. He viewed Tony as the enemy and the reason for his capture and imprisonment. Tony was the guy that hurt his best friend. He was completely loyal to the bitter end.
For months, this was what he had been aching for! Suddenly, Steve slid his hand through Tony’s dark hair and clutched the back of his head to deepen the kiss. He moaned desperately into the Captain’s mouth.
Anük continued, "You may not have the problems or shortcomings that currently plague the universe, you are gracious, empathetic, and merciful. Yet, you do possess my own greatest flaw. You just don't know when to let go.
“Thank you for telling me, really.” He whispered as he gave him a quick hug. “I… I need time to think.”
Thus the source of his inner turmoil. Tony desperately tried to hold on to his anger and blame Steve for everything because he knew the moment he relented and faced the reality of the situation he’d have to accept the fact that he single-handedly hurt the one he loved most and brought him to his breaking point. That was unforgivable.
I could have understood that, however, when those foul creatures came upon her fallen form, they laughed.
A/N: And Another one bites the dust. What did all of you think? Yes, Now I’m dragging Tony through shit but I can’t help it. It will all eventually make for a better ending. Hehe.
Just as Tony was mentally putting together a sequence that he could use to operate all five focal spatial disorders at the same time and hopefully close the portal, hundreds more of the chrysalises shot out from the hole. His team's subsequent exclamations of shock and frustration mirrored his own to a T.
Steve groaned despairingly. He slouched over with his head and his hands and his elbows on his knees getting lost in his thoughts.  He gets it, he really does, the importance of keeping certain secrets for the greater good.  That was part of his freakin’ job after all.  But this was something else, he can feel it.  It wasn’t only about Tony’s infuriating behavior either.  It was a huge part of it for sure, but not all of it in the least.  It’s not even just the way everyone was keeping secrets and keeping him locked up.  There was an unbearable undertone to it all; something slithering by just beneath the surface.
“Is it because of what happened?  Whatever it is that I am not meant to know about?”  Steve asked tiredly not expecting a straight answer and was entirely shocked when he received one.
Steve, Coulson, and Bruce both gave Tony their own brand of reprimanding looks.  All with the hidden promise of digging the information out of him later.  Tony just shrugged it off and smirked at them.
Just as soon as he was about to turn a corner that led to the last stretch of hall way that led to the exit, the bot managed to get it’s revenge by brutally plowing Steve into the adjoining wall. He met the wall with such force that he broke right through it.
“Come on man, do you really think it’s a good idea to talk to her??” Scott whispered apprehensively.
He leaned down and planted a kiss to her forehead. For the next fifteen minutes or so, he was allowed to remain by her side. He kept talking to her and reminding her how beautiful, strong and amazing she was. And of course, he told her numerous times how much he loved her.
"Yeah, it's a total losing battle against a celestial God, but I'll fight it anyway." Barton added with a grunt as he attempted to roll over.
"We better- find someplace more- comfortable, before we show the world- what we're made of." He suggested with a mischievous glint in his eye.
Tony does not need to be the one trying to do everything.  He is just one man after all and they are a team.
Steve found out real fast that it was a futile to argue with them.  They absolutely refused to see his side of it, not to mention that it was a thousand times more infuriating because they were all still hiding something and it definitely had to do with why they kept insisting on putting him on house arrest “for his own good.”
“Before, his mind was more malleable, like red-hot iron lit aflame from the resurgence of his memories that Hydra, had for so long, viciously suppressed. Back then it was easier to create something like a fence or wall to control the torrent of memories. Much like the gaps in a fence or windows in walls he could selectively view and recall specific memories at will without them consuming him.
“The same thing I’ve always wanted,” he said, drawing himself up to his full height.  Even so much thinner, it was still impressive.  “You.  Just one last time.  And then I’ll leave you alone.”
on a honeymoon?” Tony asked curiously.  “I never thought about that.  Is that still allowed without a proper weddin’?”
Sam fell into step beside him, and they crossed the parking lot together. Behind them, came the sound of the front doors slamming open, and the shrill cries of kids boiling out onto the lawn. He heard them giggling, cat-calling, laughing at themselves and the day itself.
He wasn’t sure how it could be, but Tony’s eyes seemed to get brighter. He squeezed Steve’s hand again tightly, and didn’t loosen it. Steve could feel his fingers grinding together, but he didn’t mind. It was better, in a way. Grounding. Soothing. “Do you?”
He grabbed his coat, then went down the hall to Morgan’s room. There was a tiny night light in the corner, casting a pinkish glow over the room. Morgan was sprawled in the middle of the bed, blankets thrown off. Dodger was curled up at the foot. He looked up at Steve guiltily, and thumped his tail. Steve shook his head and patted him, then maneuvered Morgan back onto her pillows and tucked the blanket around her.
Bruce swiped it away, then typed on the keyboard.  The other images from the prison disappeared, as well.
Steve followed him inside, and Tony watched his reaction.  The front of the house was the same.  Everything branched off the newly-expanded kitchen.  Steve glanced that way, then stared at the bedroom door.  The bedroom they had shared.  The bedroom where Tony now slept alone.
Tony sighed into the awkward silence that fell between them. Steve felt like he had said something wrong again. He felt like he needed to apologize--again--but he wasn’t sure what for, or how to go about it, so he just waited for Tony to talk instead. Or hang up. There was that possibility too. Possibility? Probability. Because that was what would happen. That was what should happen. Thad hung up on him a lot. Whenever he said something wrong, Thad would just hang up the phone and not answer until Steve called him three or four times to apologize. Tony had never hung up on him before, but-
“Hundreds. Enough to fill your daddy’s whole bathtub,” he answered, and Morgan giggled sleepily, her eyes slipping closed. He brushed her hair back from her forehead.
Tony fell silent, and they stared at each other in the semi-gloom of the mental hospital.  Steve was breathing in slow, steadying inhales, smooth, flat exhales.  His eyes were still questioning, brow still creased.
Tony pulled him in for another kiss. “Yeah, but we know we’re right. Right?” He kissed Steve again. And again. “Right, baby?”
“Especially now because I’m not sure what your plans are now. With the divorce, I wasn’t sure if you were planning on staying here? Or going to London, or…?” He trailed off, looking questioningly at Tony.
When they got to the bedroom, Steve pushed him gently down onto the bed, then pressed his lips to his forehead. He turned to his chest of drawers and rummaged around until he found a t-shirt and sweats and handed them to him.
After breakfast, he would work for four hours, then have lunch--a sandwich, cut in half, and a glass of milk that he didn’t like, but drank anyway--then go back to work. He would work for another five hours, then, at six o’clock, he would put his work-things away. He had a television, and he turned it on. It didn’t matter what was on it. He changed the channel occasionally, but he never paid much attention to what played. He cooked and ate dinner while the tv was on. For dinner, he had a protein, a starch, and a vegetable. He kept it balanced. Balance. That was the name of the game here. That’s what he’d been doing for the last couple months. Balancing. He let his evening meal reflect that.
Steve Rogers saw red, and for a little while, the only thing he knew, was that Thaddeus "Thunderbolt" Ross was going to die.
He only looked up when the room opened around them. The first thing he saw was Steve. He was standing at the desk, a pen in his hand. He was filling out a form, his brow furrowed in concentration. His wallet sat by his hand, open to his driver’s license. His credit cards sat snugly in their little slots, but his debit card was out, sitting on the counter. He was still wearing his uniform shirt from the restaurant. It was nothing more than a black t-shirt with the name and logo printed on the back and it might have blended in with the regular Saturday night crowd except for the food stains on it.
Steve touched the arc reactor, running his fingers over the soft blue glow.  “And you brought me back.”
Steve squeezed his eyes shut tightly.  Not out of fear, but relief. That overwhelming, heart-soaring, peace-giving relief that encompassed him so completely at the sound of that scratchy, quavering, lovely,
Tony took him by the hand and led him there. They lay together for a long time before Steve fell asleep again. In fact, lying with Tony curled up on his chest, the radio on, breeze coming through the open window, it was a wonder he stayed awake as long as he did.
I'm the worst. My life just keeps making it hard to get any writing done, so here's one of my not-so-famous half-chapters. The (actual) last half-chapter will hopefully be up this weekend. I'm writing it now, and I know exactly what's going to happen, I just need to get it done! Thanks for reading and being patient!
Tony huffed in feigned irritation and rolled his eyes. “I guess.” Steve gave him one more quick peck, then drug his chair close and sat down. Tony watched him do it, watched how he didn’t stop smiling the entire time, and he felt a little tug of suspicion. “What are you so happy about?” he asked.
Tony took a step closer, reached out and touched Steve’s wrist. “Maybe I should have waited until July to bring you up here again.”
“What?” Howard flipped the coin up in the air, and Tony caught it deftly, automatically snatching it out of the air. He looked at it. Small. Bronze. It said “To Thine Ownself Be True” on it. He frowned in concentration. He knew what it was. He’d seen one before, but he asked anyway. “What is this?”
“A few.  I don’t really remember.  They kept me drugged for a while in the hospital.  It makes it hard to know for sure.”
Tony let out a breath. He twined his hand into Steve’s shirt tighter. “And, uh, just how long am I supposed to think about
Sam put his arm around Wanda’s shoulders and gave her a tiny, conciliatory squeeze.  “You know I do.”
Steve bit his lip.  He felt like crying again.  He'd thought he'd worked through all his feelings of being in The Raft a long time ago, but having Clint talk about it made him realize there were still things he couldn't get over.  And knowing he'd been thought about while he was gone made his heart simultaneously heavier and lighter. It was a strange feeling, but he welcomed it. Welcomed that heaviness. That lightness.  Because it meant love. It all meant love.
“As ready as I’ll ever be I suppose.”  The Captain stated staring out at the darkness beyond the bay doors.
As Tony walked off to do god knows what, Steve was running all of the collective information is his head. Even though he feels better knowing he has a slight grip on the situation, the whole thing is still scary as hell. The Captain started to think in terms of odds, how likely it would be for them to win.
“What the hell are you doing out of recovery, anyway?” Tony asked turning back to his work. But before Barnes could answer Tony’s eyes widened, focusing now on something across the room. “Dumm-E no! That way with those! That way!” He shouted at the poor bumbling robot, gesturing to a room to the left.
“Well being the end of the world and all we might as well get all the help we can get. I’ve might know a guy or two that would appreciate the opportunity.”
His remaining team members that were not helping with the evac or deployed elsewhere were engaging the frightful creatures head on as quick as possible. No one wanted to find out the hard way exactly what those creatures were capable of. Their deaths were swift but not without the horrendous sound of squelching and gurgling.
“Just let me explain.” Tony started, putting his hands up placatingly. “After what happened yesterday it became obvious that we needed to get creative about finding a way to at the very least examine you without triggering a homicidal breakdown.”
"Wouldn't miss this for the world." Iron Man replied as he took in the multitude of fake doom bots and fuzz buzz flitting about.
“What I am saying my friends, is that there is very little hope for you, your race and your planet. We know next to nothing about this being except that the few times it has appeared throughout the millennia it has brought nothing but chaos and ruin to all the peoples of its chosen planet. Nothing had ever been able to stop it, to even touch it.” He stopped and looked at his team’s forlorn faces.
Tony seriously did not get it. Natasha has some sort of weird obsession with the guy and Tony can’t quite figure it out. What was worse was she had the audacity to bring Steve in on it. She pointed out that if Steve were here he would not want Tony to harm Barnes. The more he thought about it the angrier he got. He was sure in another universe he would fight Steve through bloody hell over this. Despite being the monster that killed his parents, Steve would only see his best friend and take his side and protect him just like he did back at the docks.
"Can we get back on topic please!" Tony snapped. He turned back to Steve who was resolutely avoiding eye contact. "What deal?"
"They were working together!?" He raged. The resounding murmurs from his own team mirrored his own dark astonishment.
This time he was a bit more successful but it wasn’t perfect. They scattered quickly and began to return fire. Tony spotted Clint take aim at the Rhododendron from an obscure rooftop. Tony watched in dismal horror as the arrow landed harmlessly five feet away.
He walked slowly down the path leading to the house thinking over his thoughts in hopes of triggering a memory. He looked up at the moon almost transfixed. It's round glowing form reminded him of something, something important. He got the oddest sensation, like the moon had a heartbeat...
“Okay,” He spoke over a mouthful of jelly donut. “What is so God damned important?” He asked feigning irritation as he subsequently gulped down a full glass of milk.
Barnes sighed heavily, then began his explanation in a low gravelly voice. “Hydra was built on the bastardized ideals of ancient civilizations spanning from the Mediterranean to Iceland. That includes the Nordic lore derived from ancient Asgardian settlements, what we know as Norse mythology.” He paused as he reached up and rubbed his left temple. “Johan Schmidt wanted to harness the power of the gods which led him to obsessively digging up everything he could about Yggdrasil and the whereabouts of the cube.”
“Do you suppose uncle Howard could make something like that? Like, if you showed him the drawings he could make it?”
The Professor looked at Tony with disdain.  However his derision was not directed at the eccentric billionaire but at the matters of his reading. Others noticed Tony’s and Xavier’s new demeanor and began to worry.
He can literally feel that eye twitch from before start to develop again.  He shook his head.  That man is by far one of the most aggravating person he has had the unfortunate of meeting.
Steve watched as Bucky took a deep breath and slowly turned his attention to him. The moment they finally made eye contact felt like an enormous weight had been lifted and that he could breathe again. They stared like that for some time before Bucky broke their silence.
"And you know what else?" Steve asked as he shifted Ellie around his waist so that he could stoop to grab his now cold coffee.
“What? Tired already? I can do this all day!” Steve managed to taunt as he took a battle ready position.
Ellie looked up from her drawing, her tongue still was sticking out from concentration, and looked up at Steve questioningly.
“Well, I’ll leave you two to it.” She winked again then turned away. “If you need anything, sugar, don’t be afraid to holler.” She smiled and turned to greet another customer.
“Damn.” Tony said as he picked himself off of the floor. “I was aiming for your groin. Wouldn’t be smirking then would you, asshole?”
“I am being serious, Pepper. This is not child’s play. This is by far the most complex piece of code I have ever encountered in my entire life. Look.”
Steve moved to go look outside the window. He stared at the sky and the clouds and wondered when it was all going to end.
Seriously, any interactions he’s had with this guy the last three days have not been pretty at all. Watching Barnes have psychotic break after psychotic break made Tony want to vomit. The kind of depraved things Hydra has done to this man is beyond words. And somewhere way deep, deep down, Tony may have developed some modicum of respect for the guy. When he was lucid and coherent enough to understand his surroundings and what was happening to him, he legitimately wanted to help any way he could. Despite every fucking horrible thing that had happened to him, that has been done “to” him. Tony doubted he himself could be that way. Of the very few times Steve had ever opened up and talked about Barnes, he had nothing but fond and admirable things to say. In a lot of ways Bucky Barnes was Steve’s hero. No matter how much Tony loathed to admit it, he was beginning to discover some of the reasons why.
He swore to himself then and there in absolution that he was going to do anything and everything he could to escape and find Bucky. This was his life, his choice.
He had a hunch that for some time they have been gambling on him. Soon his irritation melted into cold nausea. Here he was freaking out over what his team thought about whether or not he was gay and he was supposed to be trying to figure out what happened to Steve.
His attention was brought back to the girls fully when Jane began to yawn. Darcy followed soon after.
“Dumm-E! What the hell?! I installed highly advanced sensors and cams in you specifically so you wouldn’t do this! I swear to God one more time and you getting donated to that dance studio on 5th!”
That shot Tony's attention straight to the mother. She must have been behind it. She continued to make that God-awful wailing sound. What used to be random indiscernible wails now sounded like mocking laughter. He continued to watch her for a time while simultaneously attacking the hatchlings. He idly wondered how pissed off she was.
Steve couldn’t get enough of his beautiful wife or his unborn child. They just stood there for a time getting lost in the embrace. Soon, much to Steve’s delight, he felt the arms of his golden haired Princess wrap around them as she joined the embrace. Both Peggy and Steve chuckled as they shifted to position Ellie between them. They remain that way for a moment before Ellie broke the silence.
Some were fighting with themselves in denial. Others where desperately trying not to let go of the barest of hope, for if they knew they lost all hope then the entire world would have lost all hope.
Tony tried to keep Barnes distracted as best he could by continuing their burn war much to the chagrin of the doctors. It did help for some time, but after each attachment of a neuro-clasp, Barnes had descended further and further deep into his own personal hell. The memory of Hydra’s experimentations plagued him endlessly. Fortunately, our genius did have an ace card.
“Sir, it appears that there is, in fact, events connecting all of the victims together, minuscule as they may be.”  Tony and Steve look at each other wide eyed.
Tony, Bruce and Fury all took turns shaking his hand.  Then came the time for Steve to do the same.  As soon as Steve grabbed the Professors hand he heard a familiar voice in his head.
He stared agape taking it all in. He actually did it. He not only got his dream family but he had gotten his dream home to!
“Yeah, that’s the thing though. Whether it is one or many we’ll eventually know. What I’m trying to say now is that we have a face to look out for.  As I have found her appearing in the various media forms that I had searched for, I will also be able, using Jarvis and Shield software, to find her any time she appears anywhere in the world again.”  The genius explained clearly happy with himself.
Steve continued so stand back quietly. He observed his surroundings taking everything in all the while keeping his guard up ready for anything. He especially watched Dr. McCoy, Bruce and Tony as they were rushing about between the patients analyzing all of the stats.
"For what it's worth, I know how you must have felt, to lose her." He spoke up suddenly, but softly.
When his eyes adjusted he looked upon the lands surrounding the compound in horror.  They looked very much like a battlefield.  Steve broke down in a cold sweat over the horrifyingly familiar sight.
A/N: Yess! Here’s the next one! There’s a couple of surprises for you all at the end that I know you will enjoy! Again, Sorry for any and all errors, I can’t find them all though I try, I promise I try. Lol
Steve stood there in the barn alone and in complete shock. He could hardly believe all that had just transpired and yet he had also marveled at how so much, and at the same time, so little made sense.
“Oh my God Steve, this is beautiful.” He said slowly lowering the book to look at his friend. “I knew you were mad for this guy but this is…” He trailed off overwhelmed. He got off the Steve quickly helping him up. “Come on we gotta find a way to get these mailed off proper.” He stated with a wink.
He idly thought back to one of his last encounters with Calamity, she said it was only going to get worse. Fury had said something similar.
Tony watched helplessly as Barnes’s feet had been ripped out from underneath him. The soldier quickly scrambled and latched onto a cable with his left arm in an attempt to avoid being consumed by the pseudo-void.
“Yep! I told you not to worry. You should just think about taking care of yourself right now, you look like shit.” Tony observed
“You know,” Barnes began slowly and seriously, all teasing now absent from his gravelly voice. Tony eyed him warily, sensing the shift in his tone and demeanor. “I went to the infirmary this morning.” He admitted lowly.
Next, she grew incredibly large, larger than even the Hulk. She had thick black skin and powerful muscles. She also had fangs and powerful claws. She looked like what he would imagine ogres from a fairytale would look like.
After finally swallowing back his emotions curiosity got the better of him and he grabbed the box to inspect it. His heart nearly leapt out of his throat when he read the sender information. It was a code name: Stan Marvel. It was one of a few set up for his team in case something needed to be sent undetected. It was Steve’s code name!
As he saw nothing but murder and a promise for obscene violence in their eyes he thought it to be a very wise decision to quickly continue.  Cranky much?
“You are acting like a pathetic child. It’s such a shame that the fate of the universe is in the hands of a sniveling whiny brat.”
“No! Don’t do that to yourself. You could not have known. Look at me!” Bucky grabbed Steve’s space and looked him dead in the eye.
“You have no idea what I felt when she grabbed my wrist.” He continued, his fingers lightly touching the black markings on his left wrist.
"It's impossible for Howard to have kids, he is sterile from an experiment that… didn't go…well..." Steve trailed off.
Steve arrived to see the horrible disaster the poor clumsy robot made of Tony’s main work station. It bowed its robotic arm in shame as its fuming creator continued to scold it.
Steve could feel it deep down; his very soul was screaming at him to figure it out. It was important.
“Yes, well, I guess we can rule out that I’m here to kill you.” Tony shrugged, just now realizing how unkept and deranged he must look.
“I actually have a surprise for you.”  He said excitedly, his grin not unlike his own.  “I hope you don’t mind me bringing them here, they just couldn’t wait to see you.”  He stated still excited.
“Ah! Fuck you! That was a cheap shot!” He growled at Tony, holding onto his tender shoulder but still made his way obediently to the chair and plopped down heavily.
After he was done his shoulders slumped and he dropped his head to his work table painfully to punctuate just how dismal he felt about the whole damn thing.
Steve broke out into an impossibly wide smile. That freaking jerk. Steve shook his head and plopped down next to him on the pew. He promptly wrapped his arms around Bucky and was delighted to feel him return the hug.
He slowly poked around the room until he found a pair of sweatpants. It’ll do. He made it to the door, limping slowly. He wondered if Scott, Johnny and Ben were okay. They had a run in with those odd siblings. He did not know the extent of their abilities. He hoped they were fine.
“You know Cap; it is customary to end the night with a goodbye kiss after a successful date.”  Tony’s smirk widened at the Captain’s shocked expression.
In the short amount of time the twins have known Steve Rogers they had developed a great amount of respect for him. Especially to Wanda. The more Steve spoke the more she understood the chaotic mess of thoughts and memories he had forced upon her. There was a part of her that did not want to hear how things between the Captain and Tony went south in just under a week knowing she felt they were in the right place when last they met.
Tony took an angry swig of his drink before chucking it across the room. He got little satisfaction watching it shatter on the wall opposite him. He sighed heavily as he ran his hands through his hair. This was just so stupid! He groaned audibly as he began to repeatedly bang his head on the table. Fuck you universe, fuck you.
He began to develop nervous, involuntary tics. He kept jerking his head side to side and began pulling at his hair. He was losing it. Tony could only look on helplessly. Jarvis had already alerted the others for assistance.
“No! Shut up, I don’t want to hear it! I don’t want to see it! I don’t want to be a part of it! Just don’t.” Tony put his hands up in an attempt to block the insurgence of mental images. Where the hell was his thirty-foot pole when he needed it? He knew they had a special relationship in the past, way in the past. He really, really did not want to know if they had resumed that special relationship.
"It's just…" The soldier sighed relentingly. "I'm not worthy." He said as his fingers traced the edge of the silver star.
“Yeah it was.”  Agreed Steve as he, along with Tony, started walking toward their assigned quarters.
Steve sat at his desk staring at his blank sketch pad.  He let his thoughts run all over the place before he could no longer decipher them.  He absent mindedly put his pencil to the paper and began to sketch.
“Earlier I was showing Peter my paintings. I told him one of his photos inspired one and he wanted to see it.” Steve paused and took a deep breath.
So I’ll post thirteen on my next day off to give you all a little morsel to chew on while I type up fourteen. I have chapter twenty hand written out and I’ll let you all know that it really feels like Steve will be in the 1950’s somewhere between chapter twenty one and twenty three.
“Tony I can’t just sit this out!”  Steve was shaking with fury.  Not when it’s all happening just outside.
“Okay, have your fun. Want to see what happens when I fuck with the settings on this device?” Tony asked deviously.
Sweat now mixed with the blood trickling down his face. It dripped unceremoniously onto his already marred hands.
“You seem to be a different model from the others” Captain America observed noticing its different shapes and curvatures.
Tony desperately wanted to respond with 'who the fuck put you in charge, asshole?' But remembered, with petulance, that he himself was the one who fucking put him in charge.
Steve did not know why but the thought of it made him incredibly distressed. That sinking, awful, helpless feeling he had all those days ago threatened to rise to the surface. He forcefully pushed them down. Howard can never know about this.
Tony began to sob harder, his heart in such profound desolation and pain but also conviction, knowing he was definitely going to save his world from Calamity’s clutches. Even if the price was too much to endure he would pay it regardless. When the time came he will leave this world knowing he did the right thing for the right reasons.
Tony dropped the pipe and howled in pain. The sickening snap of his bone and subsequent pain made him vomit. He coughed hoarsely. He was out of options now. The only ridiculous thing he could think of was to toss the laptop at its head and hope it did anything other than break the computer and bounce off the bot's head harmlessly.
Tony watched him nod slowly. He could see a tumultuous array of strong emotions flit across Steve’s features. He watched as a lone tear spilled over and rolled down his beautiful broken face. Before he could even think about what he was doing he leaned in and kissed the tear away.
“I couldn’t knowing you’re out there somewhere.” He sighed knowing he was going to have to explain the other side of this complicated mess. “I was angry with them, I had literally days left and they wanted to keep me locked away. You know how I hate that.”
He wanted to laugh. This little girl right here had the big and strong Captain America utterly wrapped around her tiny finger. Did he ever have any power against her? He doubted it.
Everyone watched the screen with bated breath, waiting for anything to happen. Gloria was still conversing with Martha but it looked as if they were ending their conversation.
Yes, he was deeply flawed. No doubt. But Steve loved him regardless. He loved all of his family past and present and that was the last parting thought to her as he slowly let her go.
“Who’d do that?” The soldier demanded in disgust as he stood up and walked back to the coffee station.
Steve was beside himself. He had absolutely no idea Tony had noticed such an odd and unique detail about himself. Tony is naturally a bit more on the selfish side and Steve was truly shocked to learn that the genius had taken the time to notice something so… intimate…
“This is by far more accurate than what you have managed to conceive so far.” She tossed the drive to Tony.
“I-I have little time left and I should want to be spending it with my family, and I do! But I don’t think I can get over the guilt of just leaving Bucky out there somewhere. Here, I am safe and surrounded by people who care about me and he’s out there alone in a hostile environment.” Steve said stricken.
Steve thought about it for a moment. He still didn’t know if he was ready to talk about Bucky, but Tony was looking at him so genuinely and eagerly.
The Professor sighed softly, “The best and most useful thing you could do right now, Captain, is to stay out of it.  Trust your team, your loved ones to handle it.”
"That would be the next logical step, unfortunately, there are not many life bearing planets in the Midgardian realm. Even less with sentient souls, one in fact." She admitted.
“Most assuredly this is not the work of a mutant.” He stopped yet again to ensure that his words sunk in completely.
He gently removed her sandals and began to rub her swollen feet. They were silent for some time. Peggy was starting to doze and Steve got lost in thought. He would be convinced he was dreaming if it weren’t for the fact that everything was just so vivid. And he noted how sore his body was especially his right arm and abdomen. It wasn’t painful, more like an uncomfortable twinge. He had been awake for nearly an hour now the serum should have healed whatever ailed him. He guessed it must have been another side effect of his condition. A condition that made him forget the last several years of his life. Made him forget that he was married with a daughter and another child on the way.
The ones on his abdomen were most concerning, however. Fresh blood was beginning to ooze from the splits. There were sections that were starting to open. There was severe bruising everywhere and his ribs didn’t sit right.
“Wow…” Was all he could really say at that point. That whole account had completely cemented the fact that his best friend definitely made the stupidest decisions ever. But at the same time he did know why he had to escape. He really did.
Tony resisted the urge to roll his eyes. These people seriously did not know the severity of the situation.
Maybe he would take Wanda up on her offer to sooth his mind. But the thought of her manipulating his mind in any way made him want to vomit. He suddenly remembered all the reasons why he could never let the likes of Xavier or Wanda near his head before. His mind was utterly off-limits.
“How would you like to be my guinea pig?” Tony asked fully aware of the dreadful implications regarding who he was talking to.
“And you couldn’t wait to go through the proper channels because?” Fury inquired, his eye twitch very prominent.
Tony handed over the Sentinel backup he procured while escaping the Raft. There were likely clues in the files, considering the way they had the soldier contained.
“I swear to God if you say it’s complicated one more time I’m going to beat the fuck out of you!” He threatened as he shifted to wrap Steve in a headlock.
A/N: Woot! Now things are really getting down and dirty. The next chapter is going to be quite the doozy. Don’t forget to leave a comment and tell me what you think.
Tony knew he was going to have nightmares for months perhaps even years about the scream that ripped from the Rhododendron's throat. The genius's body flinched involuntarily, and Steve rested a hand on his shoulder to steady him. Tony couldn't look away from the terrifying scene in front of him.
The white wash picket fence was lined with a variety of roses. The big oak still had the tree swing hanging from one of its massive gnarly branches. The maple he found himself under not days ago was on the other side opposite the driveway. There were a few more American flags on display then he remembered, however, that is no surprise considering who he is.
Steve couldn’t explain it but he knew without a shadow of a doubt that he deeply loved this child also.
Steve pressed his forehead against the cool door trying to get a grip over his warring emotions. Tears started to roll down his face without permission. He was shaking almost violently.
“S-so, uh… how is this… g-going to go? A-are you… g-going to p-put… me… in a c-coma or… or…” He couldn’t finish his thought.
Tony’s head snapped up abruptly then he yanked the little tool off his face with a bit more force than necessary. Barnes only smirked at him.
“But, look,” Tony said, overriding him.  He went to a panel showing a long list of numbers, letters, and symbols, and used his thumb and middle finger to expand it.  Tony took a pen from behind his ear and used it to point at the image.  “Look at that.  Know what that is?”
He breathed. Through it all, he just breathed. Let his hands trail down to run serene fingers through Tony’s hair. Cup his jaw. Trace his cheekbone. He breathed. While Tony traced a delicate tongue along his inner thigh. Breathed while Tony’s hands were soft and soothing on his skin, his voice hushed as he said, “I love you, baby. God, I love you so much.”
He didn’t think Steve would.  He thought Steve was gone.  Just like his father.  Just like his mother.
A flutter of panic raced through him.  No.  Tony’d be okay.  Better than okay.  He’d mourn him, sure, but it wouldn’t keep him down forever.  He’d get over it.  Get over
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispered harshly. “Tony, I’m so sorry.” Tony’s hand fisted in his hair. It hurt a little, but Steve didn’t care. He wanted the hurt. It felt good. “Don’t hate me,” he said, his voice muffled by Tony’s skin. “Please, please don’t hate me. I couldn’t stand it if I thought you hated me.”
“I mean, challenging me.  Grounding me.  Letting me know I’m full of shit when I’ve reached the limit.”
Steve raised a shoulder in a shrug. “I didn’t know what else to do, so I did that,” he said. “Walked. All over the city. For hours. Even after the Chitauri, I kept doing it for a while. I did it
Sam fiddled with the closures on the suit, his face constricted with worry.  Steve muttered, twisting his head.  The pulse in his neck jumped and stuttered.  “How do you--?”
Steve got to his feet and they stood looking at each other. Tony eyed him apprehensively, one eyebrow cocked. He looked good--so fucking good. Steve had never seen him in a suit before today, but it looked natural and effortless on Tony’s body, hanging with perfect, impeccable ease. He was wearing glasses too, and Steve’s heart jolted in his chest. He’d never seen that either.
But as much as he adored Bruce, Tony didn’t think he’d be able to help him there. He was a one-man kind of guy, and much to Tony’s continued delight, Steve had already staked his claim.
He liked the car.  He liked the way it felt, like a tank in a battlefield, solid, safe, dependable.  It rode smooth over the road, eating up miles and taking up space.  It wasn’t exactly eco-friendly, but he kind of liked the looks he got when he drove it.  Both the admiring and the scandalized.  They made him happy in equal measure.
Steve was sitting in the hospital cafeteria. Sarah’s chemo treatments took a long time. Six hours. Thank god they were almost done. Just two more, and then they were through. Steve knew they would never be completely in the clear, but Dr. Mickelsen was extremely optimistic, and that made Sarah--and, by extension, Steve--feel optimistic too.
“Do you like Paprikash, Mr. Stark?” Howard looked up, and Steve gave him a complicated smile, equal parts concern, fear, and hope.
It kind of seems like a lot of bedroom scenes. But, if this goes the way I imagined it, there are going to be a lot of bedroom scenes.
. More than anybody else. There’s only one person I’ve ever trusted as much as I trust you, and that’s a huge thing for me.”
Steve didn’t answer.  Tony stood for a moment, just brushing his hand through his man’s hair, feeling its softness between his fingers, the gracious curve of his skull.  It was frightening to think that everything that made Steve who he was was contained within that shell.  It felt so delicate beneath his hand, so fragile, so easily broken.
Tony followed her troubled gaze.  Bruce was pushing the chair.  Steve didn’t seem to mind, content to just ride, chatting animatedly.  Tony felt a tug of jealousy...
When they left the bar, Tony was feeling okay, so he turned down Sam’s offer of a ride, and started walking.  He hated walking.  Walking was the worst, but sometimes the body just wanted to move, didn’t it?  And since his sparring partner was currently behind bars, he walked.
dismiss him...well, he’d still have the memories. That would be enough. Enough to get him through the rest of his life.
“Then don’t worry about this slipping away.  Nothing’s slipping away,” Tony said, and his words were as much a balm to his own worried mind as they were to Steve’s.  This wasn’t going to crumble.  This wasn’t going to slip away.  This was here.  This was real.  This was always.  Tony would make sure of it.  He’d lay down his life for it.
“Okay.  Okay, so I’ll just think ‘fourth-frame’ thoughts from now on, right?  Every time I get up it’s all ‘fourth frame, fourth frame, fourth frame’ from here on out.”
“Bruce is a good guy,” Steve said lightly, glancing at her out of the corner of his eye.  “He’s smart.  And nice.”
They sat looking at each other in the cafeteria, cold cups of coffee and the ruins of Steve’s blueberry muffin between them. There were the ruins of other things between them too. Steve could feel them. Almost see them. If he closed his eyes and thought about it, he
Those nights, however, ended the same as the rest.  Both of them lying sulkily in their beds, thinking about the other, wishing he was there, wishing they could just touch, kiss, fuck some sense into him.
He laughed, and Dodger got to his feet, grinning his doggy-grin, tail wagging vigorously. “Yeah,” Steve said, petting Dodger’s neck. “‘Cause all the coolest guys need their moms to tell them they are.”
Tony sighed.  “Oh yeah, I remember that guy,” he said.  “He was brutally hot.”  Steve looked back at him.  Tony shrugged.  “But he was kind of a dick.”
Tony passed a speed limit sign, and it was as if a switch had been flipped.  The rain turned to a downpour.  It sheeted down around him, turning the car into a hollow steel drum.  The Bentley sluiced left, over the broken line, and into the other lane.  Tony tapped the brakes, letting the car lose some of its speed, and guided it back into place.  Thunder crashed again like huge cymbals, and lightning speared down from the heavens.  Tony let his speed drop more in the torrent, gritting his teeth.
Hunt smiled at Steve.  Tears streamed down his face as he straightened his shoulders to attention.  His hand came up to his forehead in a crisp, perfect salute.
Steve took a step back, shoving his hands in his pockets, and Tony felt himself tense up again. He knew that gesture. He knew that Steve only did that when he was putting up walls and getting ready to guard them. With his life, if necessary.
He stopped and bought a newspaper on the way back. There was a flower stand right next to the newsstand. He bought a small bouquet. He thought it was a little silly, but he did it.
Steve crossed the bedroom to his side of the bed.  He brushed his fingers over the quilt, pressed them into the mattress.
Tony moved back warily.  He had no expectations after the last time they had been this close, so therefore didn’t know what to expect, but Steve still shocked him.  He sat up, reached behind his own neck and grabbed the collar of his Yankees t-shirt.  He pulled it one-handed, and in one smooth motion, it was over his head and off.
Tony didn’t know how long he kept him there like that. He knew he got close to the edge a few times, and then Steve would back away, silently nuzzling his thighs or his stomach until Tony got himself under control before drawing him slowly back into his mouth. At some point, he heard the faint but distinct sound of the cap on the bottle of lube being opened, and then a cool finger against him, circling softly before slipping inside, and Tony cried out, unable to help himself, and not really wanting to because he had never been able to do that before. Not with Steve. Not with Mrs. Perkins always in the apartment below them listening with her no-doubt keen ears.
Steve sat silently, just looking at him, then leaned abruptly forward over his clasped hands.”Mr. Stark,” he said, and his voice was both soft and cold, “we’re here because we want to be. We wouldn’t let her come alone. Not even if she wanted to. Luck has
He gripped the wheels of the chair and reversed it out the door.  The wheel squealed against the doorframe as it stuck, but Steve shoved harder.  It popped free and he spun around and left the room.
“Go from looking like you were drowning to looking so normal in just a second. Like you’d flipped a switch. And I was jealous of you. That you could do that.” Tony felt a hand creep into his, and he held it tight. “And I was kind of
Steve eased himself back down, capturing Tony’s mouth once more, teasing his lips with his tongue, and rolling his hips against him, creating a steamy relentless friction between them.
Tony looked at him again, the wheels still turning. He looked a little thrown, the usual Tony Stark poise seemed a little scattered. Steve wasn’t quite sure how he felt about it. On one hand, he liked it. He liked that Tony seemed as distressed as he had felt walking in here and seeing his Tony wrapped around somebody else. It felt good. Like justice. But, on the other hand, he hated it a little too. Tony was supposed to be cool and easy. He wasn’t supposed to get flustered over things. He wasn’t like Steve. Tony had been
Tony’s arm slipped around his neck, hugged him for one brief, warm moment, then moved down his chest. “I want to start slow,” he whispered, and his tongue licked a stripe along the side of Steve’s neck even as his fingers found his nipple and pinched. Steve jolted again, hands fisting even tighter on the blankets. “I want you to be comfortable, baby. I don’t ever want to do something you’re not completely on-board with.”
Tony put his phone back into his pocket, making sure the text was saved in his drafts.  “Fine,” he pouted.  “I’ll tell him later, spoilsport.”
"Yeah," Steve said, and turned the key in the lock.  The door opened, and he stepped over the threshold, his whole life resting in his arms.  "Yeah, I do."
Steve nodded.  “Something like that.”  He shifted the bag again.  It was pretty small.  One of those solitary sandwiches.  He turned his eyes to Tony.  They were the same.  The same blue that had made him weak in the knees since day one.  The Helicarrier.  Forever ago now.  But those eyes were still the same.  Captain Steve Rogers: breaking hearts since 2012.  “It was nice seeing you again, Tony,” he said.  “Really.  Take care.”
“Christ, think about that,” Steve mused, and his voice was quiet, filled with shadowy awe. “Ten years, Tony. Where the fuck did that go? Huh?”
"No, Stephen," she said, rounding on Strange. "Don't defend him.  You and Tony, you're always defending him. I do not want to hear it!"
Tony barked shocked laughter and ran his hand through Steve’s hair. “Wow. Okay. I’m definitely using that line next time the board gives me shit about money...which will probably be at the meeting on Friday. Which is why Pep needs expense reports tomorrow.”
Jeff wasn’t a hugger, but he clasped Tony’s shoulder when the jet touched down, thanked him, told him to get home to his fella, then got into the Charger and drove home.
wanted to do the supportive-boyfriend thing and actually stay awake this time. He didn’t say anything, but Tony could tell it meant a lot to Steve. Knew that sharing those things with Tony--the things he had missed--meant something. And
"They found him in Central Park," Strange said. "FRIDAY called in medical after he was shot, and they arrived on the scene, stabilised him as much as they could, then transported him here.  When they couldn't reach you, they called Pepper. She called Colonel Rhodes. Natasha found out somehow--I'm not exactly sure how--and met us here."
He’d never carried a child before. Never been this close to one in all of his time on this earth, but it was easy. Much easier than he’d anticipated. Morgan fit against him, her arms going automatically around his neck, her heart fluttering light, almost bird-like, against his chest. Her head on his shoulder was a delicate weight. Tony tried to take the shark from her, but she scrunched up her nose, a soft “No,” issuing from her lips.
He tensed nervously, then relaxed and put his hand on the back of her head, holding her loosely. “Hey,” he said, feeling some kind of...something swell inside of him.
After the burgers were gone, their waitress refilled Tony’s coffee and Steve’s Coke, and handed Tony the dessert menu. He glanced at it, and gasped. Steve looked sharply up from the newspaper he’d been reading. “What?” he asked.
Dodger wagged his tail. Steve snorted quiet laughter. It was obvious Tony had very little experience with dogs. It was also obvious Tony was trying very hard with this particular dog.
He found himself wondering, not for the first time, but surely the most intently, what kind of lover Steve would be.  Would he be slow and steady like he was in his day-to-day actions?  Careful, considerate, kind, cherishing every touch, every breath, every moan?  Or would he be like he was on the battlefield, a caged tiger set free at last to snarl and bite and claw?   Smooth muscles flexing, teeth bared, intense, frenzied, doing anything to achieve his goal, winning at whatever cost?
“Hey, Stark,” Clint said as Tony came into the kitchen. Tony didn’t say anything--Steve was looking at him, smiling, preventing him from taking in any new breath. He couldn’t have said anything if he’d wanted to--but he squeezed Clint’s shoulder as he passed, earning him a raised eyebrow and a shake of his head. “Yeah,” Clint chuckled. “Good morning to you too.”
his enemy, after all--he couldn’t let that bother him. Josh was going to win. Steve was going to go back to the desert. It was just the way things were.
Tony still got up with him in the mornings, but they didn’t talk much. They just had a quick cup of coffee, then Tony was pecking his lips goodbye and Steve was out the door. He didn’t always have time to come home between the bakery and the restaurant, and when he did have time, Tony was usually still at work.
Tony smiled, his heart pounding in his chest, thinking he’d rip his own lungs out and hand them over on a silver platter if that’s what Steve asked him to do.  “Sure,” he said.  “We’ve got to have room for all our kids, don’t we?”
Steve laughed in a lazy, helpless way that made Tony feel almost giddy.  Had Steve told him once that love fades?  He felt sorry for the poor bastards who lived
“Fuck you,” Steve muttered, and Sam and Tony both laughed again while Steve shoved his book in his locker and locked it up. He kept his back turned a little, purposely shutting himself out of Sam and Tony’s space. He wanted to see how--or if--they’d interact with each other. He didn’t want to admit how important it was to him that they get along, but it was.
He squatted in front of her and brushed her hair from her forehead. “Are you okay, Daddy?” she whispered.
Instead, he fixed Steve with his eyes.  “I’m working on something, baby,” he said.  “I am going to get you out of here.  Get you home.  Okay?”
“I don’t know how I was acting on the streets. Nobody stopped me. At least, I don’t think they did.” He laughed bitterly. “
“No,” Tony said automatically, then stopped and bit his lip. He shook his head, shook his whole body, as if trying to rid himself of something. Rid himself of Steve, perhaps. He blew out a breath and the corners of his mouth lifted in a small, sad smile. “Sorry.”
Tony reached up and touched his lips, traced them with his finger. He could feel the tears in his throat, but he kept them away by sheer force of will. He curled his hand around Steve’s neck. “I missed you so much,” he said, and the tears didn’t fall, but they cracked his voice just a little.
his weekends with the Guard, and the two or three weeks he spent with them every summer. It wasn’t so much that he got overwhelmed, but it was enough that he still felt connected. Connected to that thing that had been almost his entire life for over ten years. And he wanted to feel that connection. If not to the job itself, then to the people. The people he had served
Steve turned back to Natasha. He’d almost forgotten she was there. In the face of Tony’s all-consuming personality, it was easy to get lost, easy to forget where you were. Easy to forget who you were, what you were, and that you had no business wondering what it would be like to just curl up in the eye of the storm that was Tony Stark and live out the rest of your life with him raging all around you.
Nick and Strange came back to the table.  Ross kept his eye on Steve for another long moment, waiting for him to crack, then looked at Fury.
Steve splashed his face with hot water, then took the brush and worked the soap into a rich lather.  He didn’t look at Tony, didn’t falter under his scrutiny, just used the brush to apply the lather to his face in small circular motions, then picked up the razor.
Steve’s face softened at that, and he took a step closer to Tony. Placed one large hand on his hip. Tony almost swooned in relief.
He wanted a shower, but was afraid Steve would call while he was doing it, so, instead, he just changed his clothes, checked his phone then went out onto the deck.
Tony nodded.  “Yeah.  I didn’t ever get that.  There was always just a party for S.I.  We never did the whole ‘Brady Bunch’ family Christmas thing.”
Steve tightened his grip. “Maybe part of it was just timing. Maybe if we’d met later. Or earlier. If I’d already left the army-”
He shuffled his feet a little, embarrassed, but oh, so happy.  “Hey, thank you for that.  The protocol?”
Steve snaked his arm around Tony’s waist, pulling him against him, Tony’s back to Steve’s hard chest. He sunk his teeth gently into Tony’s shoulder. “That’s what I’ve been saying all along.”
He showered and brushed his teeth, then spent way too much time making sure his hair looked like he hadn’t spent any time on it at all. He felt a little funny doing it, but he couldn’t help it. Steve had implied a sort-of breakfast date, and he wanted to look good. Even if it amounted to no more than coffee and a bagel, it would still be good--
Steve sunk into her embrace, holding her tightly. He felt lost at the thought of being without her. What would he do? How would he survive? She’d been his one constant his entire life. Everyone else had come and gone, but not her. She was his solid space. His soft landing. Was there anything for him if he didn’t have her?
It was big inside and that was the reason he chose it.  Big and comfortable.  That was important.  That was essential.
Tony clapped him on the shoulder.  “Relax, Steve, I was kidding.  I just love your righteous indignation.  It’s hot.”
Tony studied it--a tall guy, blond, with blue eyes. He wasn’t as broad as Steve, his jaw not quite as strong, but he had the same look of
“Can I take a shower?” Steve asked, as Tony took him through to the bedroom, and helped him slide his jacket off his shoulders. “I’m...I feel…” he sighed, and Tony slipped an arm around his waist, taking some of his weight. Steve leaned against him. “I’m dirty,” he finished, and his hand rose to his face, wiped his eyes. He wasn’t crying, but they were red and raw. He had either been crying, or had been holding tears in for a very long time. Tony rubbed his back in long strokes. Steve didn’t look at him, but he lay his head against Tony’s, taking in the comfort he was offering. “I’m dirty, Tony.”
Tony stole one of the blankets off the bed and wrapped it around himself.  He’d kicked his jeans off before getting into bed and didn’t bother trying to find them.  If whoever was at the door wanted him that bad, they could have him like this.
for the umpteenth time, drinking eggnog and noshing on peking duck from the Chinese place down the street.  There had been a time when Christmas meant all of them drinking beer and watching
“Me too,” he said, and kissed her again. She was starting to feel a little heavier, her words coming a little slower as sleep started to come on. “But I’ll think about you every day, okay?”
Tony nodded, his worry easing for now, and gestured at the place.  “Well?  What do you think?  Howard bought it forever ago, but I don’t know when anybody ever actually stayed here.  I partied here a few times when I was a kid, but since then…” He trailed off with a shrug.
The moment stretched out for a long time. Almost like it had that other time in the cafeteria so long ago now, when they first locked eyes across the room. Tony’s widened the slightest bit, those warm brown eyes that Steve had loved so much, that had gotten him through so many sleepless nights. Before they got together. After they got together. Even now. He still thought about them. Still dreamed about them. Just because Tony had gotten over him, didn’t mean the feeling was mutual. Steve thought about him all the time. Had never stopped thinking about him. Didn’t think he ever would stop thinking about him. And now here he was again, and they were looking at each other finally, and Steve’s whole world fell away until nothing existed but those eyes. Not even the guy currently curled up in Tony’s lap
“Strange?  Isn’t it bad enough those poor people lost their homes and livelihoods?  Now they’ve got to put up with that guy?  What’s the world coming to?”
Tony seemed okay with it, though. He stepped back finally and then reached out and straightened Steve’s tie. “Wow,” he said. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen you all spiffed up like this.”
He glanced disdainfully at Tony, then leaned closer to Pepper.  “Maybe you’ll save me a dance,” he said.  “You could even wear your heels.”
Steve slumped down on the chair in front of Mr. Barker’s desk and put his head in his hands. They were shaking. He could feel them against his own forehead. His mouth was dry. His eyes felt too hot, too big. His head felt too big too. Huge with all the things Mr. Stark had said, and all the implications of those things. Words kept flashing through his mind. Love. Responsibility. Mediocrity. All those things. Those words. They beat inside his head like loud, crashing drums. Like thunder. And he was afraid. Afraid of what it meant. Afraid of what he’d do. What he’d be forced to do.
They did have one advantage, he thought--all those random people milling around in his line of sight kept him from searching out Tony and his date. That was one good thing.
When they reached his floor, Tony pulled reluctantly out of Steve’s arms. Steve whimpered, and the sound went directly to Tony’s cock. “Come with me, baby,” he said softly, took his hand, and led him through the apartment to his bedroom.
I know I'm heaping a lot onto poor Steve. I know. I'm not a fan of hurting him--or anyone--but I need a conduit for pain, and for some reason, I just gravitate to him. I love him the most. And I hurt him the most. I don't know what that says about me, but it's probably nothing good.
Steve huffed laughter into the crook of Tony’s neck. He felt bad about it, because he shouldn’t be laughing, not right after Hutchins was killed, but he couldn’t help it. It wasn’t the first time Tony had made him laugh in an inappropriate situation. He prayed to god it wouldn’t be the last.
Steve looked after him, struck dumb--again--by the sheer manic energy he radiated. He watched as Tony reached Pepper, twirled her around, and kissed her hand.
Steve took one more look at Bucky and Nat, saw they had moved their stools a bit closer together, that they were deep in some conversation. He settled down in a vacant spot on the far side of the bar. He didn’t want to disturb them. He’d just have one more drink, and then he’d go home. Home to that quiet, empty house. Lie down on that small, suddenly-too-soft bed, open the window a crack, and listen to the sounds of the street while his insomnia kept him awake enough not to dream about Tony. He felt bad his mother wouldn’t be there, though. They’d spent most of the week together, but he would still miss her tonight. It seemed like a long time since he’d spent a night alone. Living the way he did now, he’d kind of lost the knack for being alone. For being without somebody around him. So, he’d have that last drink. Just one more drink to help ease that loneliness a little. To try and get the knack back, if only for tonight.
“No!  It’s not like that!”  Tony shouted.  “I…  I can’t tell you, there’s nothing you could do anyway.”  He added slightly calmer.
As he was now, he cannot comprehend spending more time by himself with his work rather than his family. Then again, he knew exactly how it was to lose track of time when lost in the art. He made a note to himself to set up an alarm clock or something of that nature to ensure he does not lose himself to his work any more than necessary. He would absolutely hate it if so much time slipped past his fingers, precious time that he’d rather spend with his family. It would be absolutely awful to wake up one day and realize so many years had gone by and they had been wasted.
“You drugged Jane and Darcy. You knocked Scott and Colson unconscious and blew up my tower. Not to mention the state I found Natasha in.” He began yelling halfway through. “And you have nothing to say!?”
It wasn't so much that he couldn't think of anything at all, it's just that he had wanted to know so much that he really didn't know where or even how to begin. This creature standing on the palm of his hand had the power to do extraordinary things. So extraordinary that her abilities affected entire worlds and even the entirety of the universe itself.
They began their trek to a part of the city that was an old industrial district. It was even harder to move unseen this time. It was midday now and the city was wide awake. Thousands upon thousands of people hustling about busy living their lives. With so many people milling about Steve knew it would be a matter of time before Jarvis and in those regards Tony found them. All it would take was one well snapped selfie from an un-aware civilian with the Captain in the background.
"I'm glad you came. I have the biggest favor to ask you." He began, his voice was tight with severity. "It's a catastrophe out there, people are dead and half the city, and world for that matter, is in ruins." Tony stated with an air of exhaustion and gravity. "When I broke you out of the Raft I did it because your skills and your loyalty to Steve would have been invaluable to us, to me. I needed somebody who could lead and rally our team in my stead so that I could focus on the code. You have been the biggest help to me, leading my team and keeping them safe these last couple of weeks." Tony acknowledged stiffly.
He sighed heavily knowing that this was it. The moment he rejected her deal it was truly going to be the end for Steve, Captain America, one way or another.
Steve leered at him turning away to stare at the pale bluish gray walls. He frowned deeply. Weren’t the walls all white earlier??
Tony shook his head. “It’s not that easy, Pep. Things are complicated! I’m running out of time. I don’t… I don’t believe they are going to be around much longer…”
She looked down on him and frowned. "You have no value to me. I have made my choice; the deal is done." She announced with finality.
“When I came to and was me again, all I could think about was the people that died by my hands. Nat kept telling me that it wasn’t my fault, that I shouldn’t think that way. But Jesus fucking Christ, man, it’s really hard not to when it was me who did it, you know?”
Steve couldn’t help but to look at Tony with such awe and admiration.  It was amazing to Steve how Tony figured out that there was in fact a problem trying to find the woman in the media and quickly found the solution to it all in one day.  Hell, he was pretty sure it was just in the last couple of hours.  The crazy genius was just special like that.
As soon as Bucky barreled out of the elevator an agent opened fired on him. He did not have his left arm to block incoming bullets so he had to stay evasive. He drove his right hand into the side of the agents head and took his gun.
Their first meeting was a disaster at best. He hadn’t realized it then but Tony had ignited something in him that day. After coming out of the ice he was numb. He could barely feel anything but the cold, hopeless darkness of his dismal life. Then that enigmatic man walked into his life with the cocky strut and made him feel alive again. Yeah, it was because Tony enraged him beyond comprehension.
The clock across the hall now read 8:30 AM. He sighed. It had been nearly 12 hours since Peggy went into labor. That concerned him immensely until Angie came back with coffee and assured him that it was likely fine. She said that Ellie's birth and labor had taken twenty-one hours.
However, he felt that with that man's appearance and sudden disappearance, that was going to change.
“That isn’t going to work anymore!” Rumlow shouted as he struggled to let himself off of the floor. “This entire level is on lockdown.” He grinned despite his struggling form.
“Tony,” Bruce snapped and gripped the arm that touched him. “Get back to work. If you don’t want to talk about you cheating on
Tony looked behind himself to examine the dick that rubbed against him and sparkling walnut eyes widened, “Holy shit…” Then nodded vigorously. “Yea, I definitely can take that.”
Note: As a person in the LGBTQ+ community I used Queer community specifically for the reason that we in our universe don't actually have ABO designations. So instead of using an inappropriate acronym or making one up. I used a reclaimed word (reclaimed by my community) to have that historically/politically important piece in Steve's education and context for the story. I pre-apologize if the reclaimed slur is triggering for you, my reader, but I felt it was most appropriate for the content. (in the 2021 edit I don't remember if this is still relevant)
i think this might be the best sex scene I've written ever?? I'm so sorry about how bad the original version was, sheesh. No one deserved to read what I wrote.
“Right, go ahead, I’ll be right behind you. I think I need another moment to breathe,” Steve said with a nervous chuckle.
“Yes, I want you to fuck me here up against the cargo, or the door, wherever you want,” Tony whined bluntly.
“From what I read about Otzi the Iceman here, he didn’t sit six months in a room only to be released with the same ideologies he had in the 1940s. You’re just assuming that he’d hurt me because he’s from a shittier time,” Tony huffed.
The brunette moved forward to a tablet on the long table that looked similar to the StarkPad Steve had been given earlier. Agent Coulson made his presence known at the table and Fury gave the Beta space to inform all new arrivals of the official mission. While Steve had been briefed on his team members, they had not gone over the actual specificities of the mission. Up on the larger screen were images and videos of Clint Barton AKA Hawkeye. The Alpha supposed this was the explanation as to why Agent Barton was not joining them today. Apparently, Barton had been influenced along with a few other agents by Loki to do his bidding and apart of that had been to steal the tesseract.
The woman led them down a curved hallway into a pristine lab where an omega listened to what Steve had inferred was “Classic Rock” of mainly the 1980s, very loudly, while eating a snack. The Alpha loosely clasped his hands behind his back as a strong scent filled his nostrils and did his best to breathe shallowly. This was the first instance of an omega he encountered whose scent was strong. Birth control must have been widely used and seemed to parallel the effects of suppressants because Tony’s scent was powerful. While he could smell Banner from a distance it was duller, whether that was birth control, age, or an effect of the gamma radiation, Steve didn’t know. Really the Alpha didn’t have the mind to figure it out with how much focus he put into
“Thanks for asking nicely. So, uh… How long am I staying?” Bruce replied and quickly took his hand back to push it into his pocket.
“I’m not offended, it’s just interesting. Everyone, but you, seems to have this impression of me from history books and government files that are completely inaccurate,” Steve sighed.
“We’re sweeping every wirelessly accessible camera on the planet. Cellphones, laptops. If it’s connected to a satellite, it’s eyes and ears for us,” Coulson began.
It had been seven months since Steve had proper relief from another person, or eight months if one included the month the Alpha had to live in 1945 after Bucky died. Steve wouldn’t mind the attention, especially because he was desperate to take his mind off of his dead omega. The bond pulsed nothingness and it made Steve almost needy for any sort of connection or distraction.
let me know if you want that little aftermath with Steve's dick still balls deep in Tony and if you do if you have any ideas.
In the OG this was the last chapter. This is no longer the last chapter. Obviously, this story has become a behemoth... This is fucking plot so... Lots of plot... Lots of intricate plot.
“One, I am in the room you can speak directly to me and ask. Two, I don’t have preferences any which way,” Steve inserted softly, it was a little embarrassing that his sexual proclivities were openly being discussed.
“And here I thought your dad told you all of the stories?” Steve teasingly rolled his eyes and raised a hand to grip Tony’s chin firmly.
Large hands may have gripped Tony’s hips a bit too hard, the Alpha realizing that bruises were already forming so he altered his position for the omega’s safety. An arm wrapped around Tony’s hips as the other rested up against the door, his chest flush against the omega’s back. Teeth dragged along the unmarked bonding gland again, out of habit, not out of need to bite. There was no desire to lay claim, just tease the pleasurable spot with the threat of something permanent. A thick calloused hand found its way to the back of Steve’s head, holding the Alpha’s lips to Tony’s neck, practically encouraging Steve to leave any mark he could.
With that, Tony left Steve alone in the storage closet. Steve stared at his feet while contemplating what had just happened, what had really come over him. Unfortunately, there was no easy answer so instead, he smelled himself and frowned in frustration. Steve smelled like Tony and sex, but there was absolutely no time to get the scent off. Hands smoothed out clothes and air slowly moved past swollen lips. With feigned confidence, Steve finally left the storage closet. The Alpha made his way back to the lab as casually as possible thinking that some of the lingering scents might fall off of him.
Tony smirked and ran his hand across Steve’s neck where the Alpha’s hidden bond mark was. “See you on the other side, Rogers,” Tony laughed.
The pair slowed their lips until they finally became uncomfortable in their positions. Steve dragged his hands down the omega’s chest and held onto Tony’s hips to gently pull out of the brunet. Once free Tony turned himself around to lean back against the door panting harshly as if he had run a mile. Steve removed his button-up and then his undershirt to use to wipe off the sweat, cum, and slick that covered the other man. The closet was not a cleaning supply closet, most likely just filled with extra weapons and ammo. Tony seemed to appreciate the action and gave a sideways glance to the Alpha as Steve finally re-dressed himself, minus the undershirt, which had been stuffed into a trashcan in the closet.
A tongue licked along the shell of the ear to pull another involuntary shiver out of the man under him with a loud elicit moan. It appeared that Steve’s explicit words had pushed Tony over the edge and the omega spilled his seed on the door of the closet. Tony’s channel tightened around Steve’s member harshly capturing the Alpha’s cock and kept it inside. The omega’s body practically begging for a knot scent Steve over the edge and pressed his hips flush against the other as he spilled his cum into the other. A low groan was pressed into the sweaty skin of Tony’s cheek, pulling the omega into a wet and sloppy kiss.
Also I'm so sorry for the second half running between three different perspectives I did my best to work with what I got in my brain and in my own material (and the material provided to us by the dumb men that wrote this movie)
Steve repeated this slow and teasing move a few times until the omega shoved himself on Steve’s cock when the Alpha wasn’t paying attention. A deep moan fell out of Steve’s wet lips and snapped his hips into Tony, setting a punishing pace. Lips dragged along the omega’s neck, unable to stop himself from scenting. The omega moaned under him louder now and face pressed into the door drooling as cry and sob fell past open lips. Slick sounds of skin slapping against each other filled the small closet and slick covered the floor between them embedding itself into the deep-seated sex smell.
A/N: And I'm back! The next chapter is going to take quite a bit of fixing. It is very choppy and fragmented, but I have an idea on how to fix it. So, it might be a while yet before the next chapter comes out. In the meantime, enjoy this one!
“Yeah, we'll get right to it.”  Tony said as he looked at Bruce, verifying that they can continue with just the two of them alone.
Fury’s presence means something.  He knows who Fury really is but he can’t seem to remember why that’s important.
“Is this it?" Peter asked as she gestured to the in progress painting on the table easel. The photo was in a frame just next to it.
“It’s nearly time! Victor has come close to finding us!” The rotund man shouted from his perch upon a velvet seat. “Graham! Prepare the twins, bring the asset to me!”
“What if it is what he suspects, then there is no cure.  Would we just let those people live like that or would we let them die.  I mean, neither I feel comfortable with at all.”  Steve admitted.
"Yes! Guys?" He called out to everyone over the coms. "Jarvis says all of the Calamity devices are active. I'll let you know if it works when I get confirmation."
“It was spectacular beyond imagination. I admit I’ve been itching to paint it, but I seriously don’t have the time.” Steve replied looking stricken.
But before Tony could fully relish in his achievement, Barnes grabbed him by the collar and quickly tossed Tony several hundred feet away from the destabilizing hole.
So here Tony was, wallowing in self-misery yet again. He seemed to be doing that a lot lately. He took a sip of his expensive scotch and hummed in derision. The others have been taking turns posting guard over the soldiers assigned quarters.
Tony had already gone on and on for days about that incident and how the bruise around his left testicle was never going to go away. The Captain did not need him to start that up again.
“All right Maria.” Peggy smiled warmly. “Come on everybody, let’s have lunch now shall we? I am rather peckish.”
However, he did not know what that could mean for his family, for Peggy. He could not decide what to do. To admit something like that out loud…
Maria knew some of it and kept her face stone like. She was about to ask Tony if he wanted her to take over but Tony continued,
So Steve stood there amongst everybody trying to pay attention. Clint was the one to discover what was going on through a night patrol. He’s the one now giving the briefing.
“You ready? There are three more corridor doors and two more elevators before we reach the exit point.” Tony supplied.
“T-Tony.” He stuttered out. He winced, his embarrassment clear as day. ‘Why!? Why now of all times?’ He cleared his thoughts.
It was so familiar yet so far away. That voice, that glow was all too familiar to him. What even was that? Whatever that glow was, was immensely important.
He launched containment projectors that used a type of plasma. It should hold the vile gases at bay until they figure out if they can push her back somehow.
The woman was gone by the time anybody could suspect anything. Everyone was wondering this significance of it. What was the point to that number?
Bucky glared at him but surprisingly complied. Tony paused searching for the right words. He stared at the jagged remains of Bucky’s left arm. Despite the deplorable condition his torso is surely in, Tony’s willing to bet the soldiers arm is by far the center of most of his pain.
Looking back on all the things said and done, Tony felt utterly disgusted with himself. He single-handedly brought Steve to his knees and broke him. Oh, God, the awful things he said to him as he lay suffering in his cell. The look of absolute terror Steve gave him before Calamity took him away. It all could have been avoided if he hadn’t been such a coward and hid himself away all that time. If he had only told him how he truly felt when he had the chance.
As he did he gasped. The Directors reaction caused everyone else to stop and focus on Thor. What they found sent chills down every one else’s spine.
“You’re lucky the brew smells strong. I’d never forgive you for making weak ass coffee.” Sounded a gravelly voice.
His mind instantly took him back to a Hydra factory self-destructing, flames everywhere and a distraught Bucky refusing to leave without him.
Steve nearly recoiled at her question. He thought back. It had been so long. Bucky always had a different answer for all of them. Eventually Steve realized Bucky came up with alternatives just to mess with him and keep him occupied. Steve smiled.
The memory of Natasha’s sharp words suddenly flashed through his mind. Tony felt bile rise to his throat and tears finally spilled from his eyes. He has so much to answer for. He silently begged everyone for forgiveness then bid everyone goodbye. He could hear his team shouting for him but he would not stop. There were only five more units of the sequence before the fireworks.
They did combat simulations the first couple days at the compound to get used to each other and to get a feel for how they all operate and function as a team. The first few hours were pretty gnarly. However Professor X laid out a pretty inspiring and eye opening speech. It was a brutal slap in the face but no less true. Even the most petty and cynical of the group put their differences aside to play nice.
This was just torture.  However thinking back, they had always seemed to tease him this way.  Always insinuating that he and Tony had done something together.  He merely rolled his eyes in response and remained silent.  Natasha and Clint were a little put out that the Captain was not giving in to their taunts.
As he was looking for escape routes, he carried his sketchbook around sketching out the cityscapes. As he looked out the windows down and around for anything he could use, he sketched interesting details of various things in his site. He was pleased to note that his misleading tactics were more or less working. Natasha, he was sure, suspected something, but the others were none the wiser. He was going to red herring the fuck out of this.
“Oh my dear child, you are most amusing! Victor could not in the least make you bloom the way I desire.” She laughed again. “Oh my dear Steven, Victor was merely the opening act, the main event shall soon begin!” She proclaimed proudly.
A/N: What is happening? Can this get any more heartbreaking? Well stay tuned for the next chapter and find out.
He was beyond unsettled at this point.  Something was very, very wrong with that soldier.  Steve couldn’t quite put his finger on it.  Somewhere very deep down the answer was screaming at him.  Deep down in his soul something shattered and his whole world came crashing down.  Even if his soul knew what his mind could not, would not, know there was something he was very aware of.
“Sort of, there were a few things that changed my mind. I thought about the things you said to me, and you are right for the most part. Though I still think your overall plan is beyond stupid.” The soldier answered pointedly.
“I do want to look at it. But like Clint said there’s no telling if what ever is on it is safe to view.” Tony sighed.
They had reconvened in the common room after making sure their fallen comrades were comfortable.  Steve did not know what to do.  He was beside himself.  He wanted to lose himself to his misery all over again.
“Please! I have to help him!” He groaned out. His wrist burning ever more, the pain increasing in intensity.
“They’re going to have it thoroughly secured! It’s not like they left it in a random warehouse where the local delinquent could wander in and take it for a joy ride.” Bucky snapped.
"According to my father, several thousand years ago when last this thing appeared, Asgard tried to save the last few remaining alive on the planet, none survived.”
Barnes nodded in understanding. "Tell him bye for me?" He asked as he quickly bounded for the door just as another red alert sounded.
Everyone stood in utter silence for a while after Calamity’s sudden departure. None dared to breathe. Steve broke the silence by taking a shuddering breath. With that most of his team fell to their knees.
“That would be my queue to leave.” Professor Xavier stated knowing his presence was needed elsewhere.
As the genius was monitoring the device’s stability on his phone he happened to glance at what the soldier was currently looking at on the computer.
Captain America and the other Avengers were perfectly in position. From what Steve gathered, Johnny got Dr. Doom talking and apparently the evil Doctor was looking for the base of Harker, the leader of an underground crime syndicate that usually delved in drug trafficking but had recently changed course and had been dealing in arms and unregistered technology. Victor Von Doom was enraged to discover that Harker hacked into his personal server and stole important data, which is why he was now on the warpath.
‘Yes!’ Tony thought exuberantly. ‘This is what I’ve been looking for!’ He waited for the soldier to continue.
“Hey Cap, what cha drawing?”  The obnoxious genius asked arching his back as if he was trying to stretch out his very bones.  He then peeked down at the sketch pad in the Captains hands. “Really that scene again?”  He asked almost seemingly offended.
Steve not one to give up so readily took it for what it was, a terrible situation. A situation that, dire as it is, has the capacity for solution. Not a solution that is all sunshine and rainbows with a hero riding off into the sunset with an all’s well that ends well sentiment. A solution that is simply more less better than essentially giving up.
He was feeling excited about being able to work with such a fine young man…Uh, fine old man. ‘Hmm… It seems this man is really ninety some odd years of age. Simply fascinating. No wonder he holds such old fashioned ideals.’
The second thing he was aware of was the scent of freshly cut grass and the sensation of the individual blades brushing his skin. When he finally opened his eyes he saw the leaves of the large maple tree dancing merrily in the light breeze. He smiled wistfully at the sight.
Anük spoke on. "To be honest, Anthony surprised me. Yes, I had figured that you, Steven, would have been the one to say yes to me. But I had wholly anticipated Anthony to be the one to fail his test."
He gave it all to her. The good times and the bad times. He gave her his entire childhood, everything from losing his parents, dealing with his laundry list of illnesses to his profound bond with Bucky. He showed her what he went through joining the Army and the hell that was the serum infusion procedure and his rocky start as Captain America. He showed her the perdition that was the war Hydra created, and the terrifying face of that horrible organization, the Red Skull.
Their chances of survival were so low to begin with, why bother? But then he pictured all of the disappointed faces of his team and he just couldn’t do it. He imagined what Steve’s sad puppy dog disappointed face would be like if he had given up on the world. It wasn’t pretty. Tony thought back to Steve’s encouraging words in the letter and knew he couldn’t let that insufferable bastard down.
“Yeah, think I can do that.”  Tony responded so civilly.  Many expected him to pitch a fit  at the idea of someone else handle in his program.
“I also contacted headquarters.”  He said. “They’ve sent a third team, but they’re still an hour away.  We’re on our own till then.”
During his movements, as he went about taking out the agents, he strategically moved Rumlow away from the elevator. Now Bucky stood between Tony and Brock. Bucky dropped the now unconscious agent at his feet and faced the sixth agent head on.
Steve wound his arms around Tony’s shaking frame.  It truly shook him to the core.  Not just Tony’s reaction but everyone else’s.  There was definitely something he was missing.  Something was off.  It felt like he was missing a very significant piece of the puzzle.  If he had the energy or was even in the right state of mind he would have been adamant about finding the answer, but as he was now?  All he could think to do was to give comfort to his friend, the man he loved.  He hoped that if it was the end he could spend the rest of it just like this with Tony safe in his arms.
He was happy to be from a lineage that had that power to help those he cared for when they needed him.
Whoa… Okay, that’s something else. It dawned on Steve that Bucky’s response was something Hydra forced him to do.
He lifted it jerkily and splayed the fingers on the left-hand. He began to open and close them, all of them at first, then one at a time. When he got the hang of it he obviously could not resist to twist the metal hand around and flip Tony off.
"Yes, I'm fine, really I am. Don't worry, I'll be back when I'm ready to start those projects." He assured not to convincingly.
Bruce Tony and Steve looked between each other apprehensively.  Tony does as he was told and put an alert out for Fury.  In a shaky breath Professor Xavier continued on,
Here goes nothing. He steeled himself as he opened the door. The room was as basic as they came. It had a bed tucked away in one corner with a desk and a dresser on the other side. Two closed doors lined the wall opposite the entryway. One led to the bathroom, the other to the closet. Tony spotted Barnes quickly enough, he was huddled down on the floor wedged between the desk and the dresser.
In the corner, closest to the door, were three bicycles; one for each of them. In the middle of the barn was a motorcycle amongst an array of parts. It was a similar model to the one he used overseas. Though, he was sure, far less battle ready. He traced his fingers along the handlebars before continuing his inspection.
Tony knew what he was gunning for. Under any other circumstance in the world he would just walk away and wouldn’t give him the time of day. But he needed to know what happened with Steve, so he submitted.
Steve woke up to the sound of gunfire and combat.  He swiftly remembered what was going down.  The Winter Soldier was attacking the compound.  He was lying on the couch in the common room.  He couldn’t help but to think that at least they didn’t leave him lying on the floor.
Only if that is what is in fact on this device. It has occurred to Tony time and time again that Calamity could be using it as a diversion. Forcing Tony to focus on it instead of leading his team the way he was meant to in Steve’s absence. Unfortunately, ignoring the drive was a risk that he absolutely could not take. Too many civilian lives were at stake. If he could not solve the puzzle then every single person on earth was going to have their soul taken by Calamity. In a nutshell his hands were tied.
The facility appeared to pretty much be evacuated.  Captain America listened intently for any sounds of chaos emitted from the building.  He crept down various halls and corridors in search of the two remaining robots.  As he found himself deeper into the laboratories, robot shaped holes started appearing in the ceilings and floors and walls.  He began to navigate them to the best of his abilities.  It eventually led him to what appeared to be the power station of the laboratory.
A/N: Hi everybody! Welcome back to my story. I come bearing an update that didn’t take over a month, yay!
"Okay Dumbass, it's time to really get down and dirty. Bet I can kill more than you." He challenged. "Already killed 158 of them."
Tony fought the urge to either stick his tongue out at her or show her a rude gesture. Doing so would only prove her point.
“Of course I did! You know no mission ever goes right without me right Cap?” He said with a hint of a smirk in his voice.
JARVIS muted the music as Steve entered in to the shop further to find Tony hunched over one of his work tables tinkering with some piece of tech. The loss of music threw Tony into an obvious annoyance.
“We had a mission a few days ago. It went sideways and we- I- barely made it out of there alive. If it wasn’t for those kids showing up… The world would have been doomed one way or another. And I can’t…” He broke off suddenly as he choked back a sob. All the emotions he had fiercely attempted to smother the last few days had come stampeding back with a vengeance.
Tony balked in indignation. How had he not known this information. His indignation soon morphed to bitter petulance. He was aware that his father, Howard Stark, had long suspected that Hydra had developed one such fabled algorithm, though he could never find it nor develop it himself.
“Okay, pay attention. In the future, you will be doing this yourself.” Tony resumed, getting serious. “You see this mechanism here? When I pull this, it’s going to flip over like a switch, and when that happens all of the neuro-clasps in the bone anchor here and the neuro-clasps in the arm here will connect and become latched. The arm will be completely locked into place.” Tony paused to let the information sink in. “When that happens, your entire neurological network will be connected. Everything from the neuro-transmitter microchip I embedded in your spinal cord, to the neuro-clasps and neuro-receivers in the arm.”
“What have you got Romanov, Barton?” Director Fury asked breaking everyone from his or her morbid and disturbed thoughts.
Tony bit his lips as he suppressed a cry just as the progress bar completed and the screen turned dark. The entire room went dark.
Why?  What was so important to destroy the core that had caused so much pain?  Something had to be worth it.
Steve nodded solemnly in comprehension. If Tony’s keeping track of the cases then something really is wrong.
Tony fidgeted with his spoon.  He was in the kitchen of the Tower.  Barefoot, sitting on the counter with a bowl of cereal.  He’d been here two days.  Two days alone in this place that used to house everybody.  It was a little lonely, if he told himself the truth, but it was still better than the cabin.  Here, he missed everyone.  There, he only missed Steve.
Steve looked up at him with raw, red eyes.  “I don’t want to go to court, Nick,” he whispered.  “Please don’t make me do that.”
Steve blinked rapidly, trying to rid his eyes of the tears that were suddenly there threatening to fall, and lifted Tony’s hand to his mouth. He kissed his knuckles. Turned it over, and kissed the inside of his wrist, delighting in that smooth skin, the familiarity of it. The scent. The taste. Beside him, Tony breathed a sigh into the quiet, and Steve kept his head bent, now kissing Tony’s palm, his fingers, taking everything he could, while he could, because if today was what he had--just today--he was going to use it. Take it. Soak it up like a sponge. All the love. All the light. All the everything Tony would let him have, so he could take it with him when he went. He wasn’t stupid. He knew what was going to happen. Where he was going to end up. He knew there were dark days ahead of him. Dark and bloody. And he wanted this. This little bit of light to take with him. To remember what the light had felt like when he held it in his hands.
He helped Morgan get ready next, helping her get into her dress and Mary Janes. Braiding her hair and putting a couple of bows in it for good measure.
Tony came and knelt in front of him again. He put his hands on Steve’s knees. Looked at him with a great patience. “Okay,” he said. “Okay. We’ll just make it work like that, then. We can write to each other. Every day. And call. And you’ll have leaves? Right? I mean, you’ll come home sometimes. Maybe I could even come over there a couple times. Maybe-”
“It’s really interesting. And really educational. And while it doesn’t feature any men in tights, there
He pulled her into his arms and held her.  His rock.  His constant.  He supposed the plan could go on without her, but he was less confident in whether or not he could.
Outside the window, they could see Steve and Bobby unloading a moving truck.  Jasmine was directing them where to put the boxes, having them stack them by room for easy organization later.  Steve followed direction without question. He was still a soldier at heart. He knew how to follow orders.
.” That pouty lip made an appearance as Tony curled his hand into Steve’s shirt and pressed his head into his chest. “Will you please, please, please lie to me and tell me you’ll never leave me again?”
Steve blinked.  His fine mouth turned down.  “I--” he began, then stopped.  He ran a hand through his hair then gestured weakly at his chair.  “I’m not going to be climbing those stairs,” he said, “but if you want me to sleep out here, I could probably--”
Steve smiled against his chest, and Tony felt relief crash over him. “No,” Steve mumbled. “Not broken. ‘M good.” He snuggled closer into Tony’s arms. “Better.”
Steve turned his face up to be kissed, and Tony obliged, thinking how easy this was between them now.  How easy and perfect and
He left the hospital and lit a smoke on his way out the door. There was a sign saying no smoking within twenty-five feet of the entrance, but by the time he got it lit, he was already that far away, and he was still walking. Walking like a man on a mission. Walking like he had always walked when he
“Yeah,” he said, and picked up a crayon. He twirled it between his fingers. “I had some bad dreams, and...and they made it so I didn’t feel good.”
Steve squeezed his hip again, wishing mightily that he could kiss him. That he could just take him back to bed and lie down with him again. Wrap his arms around him and never let him go. Instead he said, “Talk to you later.”
Steve squeezed his eyes shut even tighter and swallowed. The silk against his skin was maddening. “What, um,” he began, then swallowed again, trying to ignore the way the air seemed to hold no oxygen. The way his cock was now straining against his jeans. “What did you have in mind?”
He leaned forward, elbows on his knees, hands loosely clasped between them.  “FRI, would you throw up Baxter’s files, please, angel?”
Steve jumped to his feet and practically ran to the training room.  He didn’t even bother wrapping his hands before laying into one of the sandbags hanging from the ceiling.  He just lashed out, again and again, pouring all of his confusion and anger and fear into his fists.
“Oh my god,” Tony whimpered.  He reached for Steve, meaning to shake him, tear them apart, to end this thing now, but Strange said, “
“It wouldn’t have upset me,” he said.  “But ‘Cap’ I can handle.  Just don’t start calling me ‘Rogers’ again.  I hate that.”
“The light was like hypnosis,” Steve breathed, and Tony began to move again, pulling him slowly but insistently, just the way Steve liked.
There were good things too. A lot of them. He wouldn’t stay if he didn’t think it was worth it. If he didn’t think he was doing good here. He’d volunteered after his first tour, and he kept volunteering, because--he kept telling himself--he was doing so much good. But reading Tony’s sweet, funny, charming letters, all he could think about were the bad things, the things that hurt him, the things that kept him awake at night unless he had a drink to take the edge off. So, he didn’t write back much, and slowly, Tony’s letters started to come fewer and further between. And it hurt, god, it hurt so fucking much, but it was for the best. Tony didn’t need somebody to drag him down. He didn’t need someone who could only see the bad things, and never the good. He needed someone who could lift him up. Someone who could help him. Someone like Josh. Not Steve. Howard had been right all those years ago in Mr. Barker’s office. Tony needed someone different. Someone who fit into his life better. And no. That wasn’t Steve. As much as he hated to admit it, it wasn’t. It never had been. They had love--so, so much love between them--but it wasn’t enough. It was never enough. There were too many other things. The songs on the radio lied. Love was never all you needed.
Tony shook the blanket out and looked at it.  He heard Steve come up behind him but said nothing, waiting.
It had been a long day. The six hours of overtime had turned into twelve when another cashier called in sick, and his boss came and asked him if he wanted another shift. Another shift meant another six hours overtime. It was a lot of money for him, a lot of
was a little new.  Steve didn’t usually get up until 5:30 to get ready for his 6:00 run.  Tony rubbed his eyes.  The sheets around him weren’t straight, but they weren’t a jumbled-up mess like they were when Steve had a nightmare, either.  Plus, Tony had been right here.  If Steve had a nightmare, Tony knew it.
Tony moved, twisting within the circle of Steve’s arms until they were lying face-to-face. He brushed his fingers over Steve’s smooth cheek, over his chin, his jaw, before finally settling against his neck. “You would, wouldn’t you?” he asked. “If it came right down to it, you really would do it.”
Steve tipped his head a little from side to side. “Maybe,” he conceded, then grinned a wicked little grin. “But I’ll be more discerning next time.”
Steve’s fingers clenched tighter on the pen, then loosened. “Anything else?” he asked the desk-clerk.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” Tony muttered, tossing his tablet aside and leaning in to kiss Steve’s mouth again.
He felt a giggle rise up in his stomach at the thought of that. The thought that he had slept in that very apartment the night before. Wondering if Mrs. Perkins had thought about that when she wrote her will leaving the place to Steve. Wondering if she did it that way on purpose. Hoping she had. And then the giggle escaped, because there was no way he could hold it in.
“It wasn’t that.” Tony smiled a little ruefully and rested his head against his chest again. “Or maybe it was. I don’t know. All I know is I was sure you wouldn’t call. And I thought,” he sighed harshly, “it might be because we--
Steve stood over the answering machine and played the message he left. He sounded happy. Easy. Steve touched the flashing light on the machine while he spoke, caressing it with the pad of his finger. “Baby, hey, where are you? If you’re screening, pick up... ‘Kay, fine, don’t pick up. My dad and I had a talk and everything’s okay. Okay? But I won’t see you for a few days. We’re driving over to MIT tomorrow to look at housing options, then I’ll probably hang around campus for a little while. Maybe sit in on some classes. Dad has to come back Tuesday, but I probably won’t be home ‘til Thursday morning. I’m gonna look at apartments.
He gripped her wrist in his before she could take the picture down. He did it gently but firmly, not wanting to hurt her--her wrist or her feelings. “Really, Mom,” he said. “It’s okay. I was just surprised, that’s all. I didn’t know he’d sent you a picture. I didn’t know you guys even still talked.”
Tony trailed his finger up the column of Steve’s throat, humming a little as he undid his own belt. Steve heard it, the metallic clicking of the buckle, the whisper of a zipper, then the mattress dipped near his head, and he sucked in a breath in anticipation.
She looked up into a blameless blue sky that was no match for Steve’s eyes, looking for Tony, begging him to hurry, all the while wondering if it might be better--easier--if he was too late.  She hated herself for it, but couldn’t help it.
“Yeah,” he said, but now he was nervous. Tony sounded a little doubtful. “They have this thing where you can pet the stingrays.” He bit his lip and put his hand on Dodger’s head, scritching him behind the ear, drawing a little comfort from that simple touch. “Does...does Morgan like stingrays?”
Tony offered to buy the new ones Ray wanted and Jeff said a hard “No”.  He said Tony spent too much on them already.  Ray agreed with that, and thought they could have some kind of fundraiser for the new ones.  Tony thought that might be kind of fun.
Tony narrowed his eyes as Steve brushed the color over his nail. “Are you trying to distract me?” he asked. “Get out of saying you’ll come to the party?”
Steve didn’t know about hot, but he was certainly very warm, all of a sudden.  He glanced around again, then slipped his arms around Tony’s waist.  “I was thinking about you, too.”
Tony flushed with shame.  It had been pretty one-sided lately.  He knew that.  “You don’t have to stay.  I’m fine.”
Once he got the groceries and picked up his dry cleaning and had a burger with Jeff, it was one o’clock and he’d forgotten all about the call.  He checked his phone after lunch and listened to the message.  It was short.  To the point.  Not much more than a time and place, and now here he was.
She looked at them all, taking in Wanda’s passive stance, Steve’s solid form, and Tony himself, all wild-eyed and frantic.
Sorry this took so long, but I tried to make up for it by including a sexy scene I wasn't planning on, and making this chapter extra-long!
Tony tried to pull his hand away, but Steve gripped it with panicky tightness.  “Don’t leave,” he said.
“Is it?  He tried to kill someone.  The average sentence for second-degree attempted murder is ten to fifteen.  I thought I was being very generous.”
He drew in a lungful of oxygen-less air and tightened his fist in Steve’s hair, holding him in place. “Yeah, peanut?”
Jack studied him for a minute, and Steve let him. It was okay. He really did understand. Might have felt a little worried himself, if he was Jack. Steve wasn’t worried, though. Jack was a small guy. Steve wasn’t. And he was trained in combat. He thought he could handle anything Jack could throw at him, if he was that kind of guy. And if there was a small part of him that almost wished Jack was a bad guy, a guy that trolled the bars looking for an unsuspecting mark to take back to his lair to torment and murder...well, then he still wasn’t worried.
Suddenly, Steve began to shake.  His entire body began to convulse, his broad shoulders quaked.  His head twisted from side to side.  Beside him, Wanda thrashed.  Her long hair was a whirlwind around her head.
Steve stood at the foot of the bed, just watching him sleep. His heart was so filled with love and need and want it almost staggered him. He had never, in all his life, loved anyone--including Nat, and that was saying something--the way that he loved Tony. He knew he would never love anyone else that way. Ever. It just would not be possible.
Tony turned around so she could see Steve over his shoulder. “That’s okay too. He’s still here. See?”
Tony went to the side of the bed.  The right side, where he usually slept, then stopped.  What if Steve slept on the right side?  He should know this by now.
He passed the kitchen without a glance.  There were voices coming from inside, but he walked on.  He’d been avoiding the room, eating all his meals out.  It was expensive, but he did it.  Twice, at places that knew him, he charged the food to Tony’s account.  It had given him a small, mean pleasure to do that.  It was Tony’s fault he had to eat out anyway, he might as well pay for it.
without clearing it with her first.” He bit Steve’s ear lobe. “And, you’re well on your way too, I’m afraid. I saw how you were with her tonight.”
Steve almost dropped his keys.  "Jesus Christ, Tony," he said. The grin fell from his face and shattered on the ground at his feet.
Tony sat at the bar and lowered his head carefully into his hand.  He thought a few of the wasps might have got to sleep.  “He’s a tool.”
“Breathe later,” Tony managed. He clutched him tighter and kissed him brutally. His cheek. His neck. His lips. Assaulting him with kisses. Ruining him with kisses. He pulled back a little and looked seriously at Steve’s face. “God,” he gasped. “Baby, you look like shit.”
She turned on her side, facing him.  Her breath was light on his mouth as she reached for him, her lips a feather-touch.  “I love you,” she whispered.  “I just wanted to tell you that before tomorrow.”
After Tony had gotten Steve settled in the car outside the prison walls, and they were on their way, he’d asked Steve what he wanted to do.
“No,” Tony said, but his face so obviously said he wanted the exact opposite. “I’ll just go to a hotel. It’s okay. I’ve got my credit card. I just wanted to see you for a minute.”
A uniformed officer, not the same one who had booked them, but another guy, a younger guy, came up to the cell. “Tony Stark and Sam Wilson.”
Tony laughed.  “It’s the day after Christmas, Steve.  The New York airports were going to be swamped.  Jerry calculated here was probably easiest.”
He still exuded authority, though. Still gave off that potent energy. Those vibrations that said power, and wealth, and control.
Steve reluctantly loosened his fingers. He kept his eyes closed as he felt Tony’s hand slip through his hair one more time, and then he was gone.
be great dads, Tony,” she said, and he glanced up at her. “That’s what you’re getting at here, right? That’s why you came over here today?” She shifted the baby so she could sit up and swung her legs off the side of the couch. “So are you looking for my permission, or just my blessing?”
nen--his aura.  The feeling he gave off was safety and security and love.  It radiated off him.  Light personified.  And with him inside of Tony, he was alight, as well.  Steve shared his effulgence, and Tony took it in, let it change him, let it brighten the dark places inside of him, let it make him more than he’d ever been either alone or with anybody else.
“It’s good to remember too,” he said, then took Tony’s hand away from his face. He held it loosely in his. “When I...realized, I guess, what was going on, I was sitting in some alley behind a dumpster. I was tired. My feet hurt. My head hurt. I had no idea where I was. And the sun was wrong. It was ten o’clock when I left to get groceries, but the sun said it was closer to four.”
And it was fine.  Not perfect, maybe, not hot and sweet and passionate, but fine.  Had it always just been fine, or was it just because his mind was cross-referencing now?  Before, he had actively tried to not make comparisons, but now, suddenly, he was thinking that her hands were too soft.  Her hair smelled like coconuts.  Her eyes were hazel.
“Right there, Tony.  Just like that.  Please,” Steve panted.  “He came sometimes.  To watch.  Ross.”
Tony slipped his finger down along Steve’s jaw, caressing his cheek, that worried look still on his face. “Is everything okay?”
Steve shrugged. “Yeah. You’re right. They woulda kicked me out just to get rid of me. They don’t want guys like me dragging down their averages for too long.”
They sat down, side-by-side. The TV had switched to morning game shows, and they both stared blankly up at the screaming, gasping contestants winning cars and losing solid oak bedroom sets. Sam kept his hand locked firmly on Steve’s wrist, giving him an anchor, and Steve concentrated on that more than anything. Just that touch, that point of contact that meant he wasn’t alone in this. He had someone here with him. A friend. A
Natasha sweet-talked her new bartender friend out of a bottle of champagne and two glasses, and she and Steve rode up the elevator together in companionable silence.  When they reached the common floor, Steve stopped in the kitchen.  Tony’s chicken was on the counter.  Steve took the bucket.  He left the sides, though.  He wasn’t cruel.  Now he and Nat were sitting on his bed, the bucket between them, now mostly empty, the bottle of champagne fizzing it’s last on his bedside table.  Steve had kicked off his shoes and taken off his dress-shirt and tie.  Nat had stripped her dress unceremoniously over her head and rummaged in his drawer until she found a t-shirt.  It was huge on her, hanging down almost to her knees.  In it, she looked like a little girl, and it made Steve glad to see her like that.  He had a feeling she hadn’t been allowed to look like a child even when she’d been one
They position themselves by the elevator in hopes of taking the occupants by surprise. Tony watched dismally as a deep crimson stain began to spread over the soldiers thin clothing. He was starting to bleed more.
He felt like his life had been brutally ripped apart and crudely stitched back together wrong. Everything felt wrong. There was one thing he was absolutely sure of, however. He could not stay here. He wouldn’t. He felt like he didn’t belong any more. He was a stranger amongst them. He found it ironic that not moments ago he was going to apologize to his friends and make an effort to trust them with the last days of his life. They could not even begin to understand what he was going through.
“Come on, man, we knew you’d come around. It’s what Steve would have wanted. There’s no way you were going to let any real harm come to Barnes as long as you knew Steve would never forgive you otherwise.”
"Yes, I recall. Do you recall that should you get that far, Steve will still belong to me permanently? He will never exist in your life again. Will you be able to undertake that burden?"
After contemplating upgrading the pre-installed coffee maker to brew faster he found himself back at the worktable carrying two mugs of brew looking at the soldier as he briskly striked against the page as he put the finishing touches on his drawing.  Tony smiled warmly as he approached to see what the Man out of Time was drawing.
They made it out and shut the door behind them in the nick of time. They can hear the Hulk’s echoing snarl as he tears up the Super Duper meeting room once more.
Soon enough they had arrived at the research facility.  Three of the Doom Bots were still wreaking havoc outside.  The other two must have infiltrated the building.
To say the flight to Rhode Island was awkward was the understatement of the year. One X-Man, half of the Fantastic Four, and a ragtag crew of the Avengers were all together under Steve’s command.
Eventually, he gave up and told himself that he must have imagined the man standing there. He did not know what frightened him more, that he had imagined the man or that he hadn't. Either way, this was becoming a huge problem.
“Yes I do. Please give it back. I deserve to suffer! All those people. Oh God, there were so many.” He shouted becoming increasingly agitated. “I killed them all, innocent people, all of them, dead!” He launched from the chair and began to pace madly. “You shouldn’t be helping me! You should be the last person to help me! Give it back!”
He clicked his tongue and looked down at his wrist that continued to burn and pulsate. The black markings seem to be radiating colors he didn't even know could exist.
“I will go again and gather everything our scholars have on the state of affairs of the planet’s before the Calamity. Hopefully with an obscene amount of luck we have something useful.”
Tony had already acknowledged the fact that Steve likely hated him on some level, but to go as far as subconsciously create a world where Tony could never exist? That was some deep all-consuming hatred right there. It pained Tony on so many different levels and he really had no one to blame but himself. As much as he would love to blame Calamity for everything, he knew that even if she hadn't shown up he would have miraculously found a way to fuck it all up anyway.
As happy as he was to be there he got the oddest sensation that he didn't belong and even more disturbing that he desperately needed to be elsewhere.
“HaHa! I don’t need those filthy twins! The asset is all I really need!” You Harker screamed as the Winter Soldier continued to shoot at them.
"Easy?! Easy indeed." She exclaimed with exasperation and annoyance. "For a time I had genuinely wondered if I would even succeed. You truly had me worried. Anthony, I found would have been impossible to sway. I ran scenario after scenario over in my head and no matter how deeply and depravedly I tore him apart, in the end despite how hopelessly broken he was he would have still told me to 'go fuck myself.' Every time."
Upon entering he tossed aside the little paper bag containing the forgotten whetstone, then grabbed his sketchbook. He shoved everything on the work table out of his way, not caring in the least where they ended up. He ripped open the sketchbook and began to sketch out the features of the man whilst his face was clear in his mind before it faded like all his dreams before.
The battle raged on. Cities were burning, people were dying, and Tony Stark was hyper aware that the fate of the entire world rested on his shoulders.
He headed into the barn where his studio was, intending to write down his thoughts about the armor, regardless, knowing that it more accurately pertained to the mysterious man who piloted the strange armor.
Just as Steve was about to relax and accept the explanation Clint and Tony offered, there was a bone chilling scream.
“Well, we were betting on whether or not you and Tony were secretly dating and how far you guys were in your relationship.” She stated matter of factly.
After another hour of waiting with baited breath they tentatively came to the conclusion that no one else was going to fall, for now anyways.  After the dismal head count only eighteen of the fifty eight Avengers and Allies remained.  They had lost 69% of their group of hero misfits.  So much for “Earth’s Mightiest Heroes”
“Oh Fuck! I am on this shit!” Tony replied so beautifully yet again. He inputted the woman’s face into his algorithm.
Tony brought in Rhodey, of course, and made him swear confidentiality against the government. Rhodey was ready to disagree vehemently. However, after a thorough briefing of the Calamity case, he reluctantly agreed.
This is what he set out to do after all. To save his brother, that’s what he chose to do with the rest of his life. He can feel Bucky wanting to protest but he stayed silent despite that.
“Stupid you say? You should hear about the one I came up with almost a week ago, it would make my current one sound utterly brilliant.” Tony stated with a cringe.
"One hundred and twenty-eight." She answered automatically not recognizing the severity of Steve's tone. "Please, Daddy. I must have her! Please?"
Everyone stood completely still. No one dared to move or even breathe. Once a little over a minute past Tony broke the silence first.
Amazingly they were able to work together effectively. Perhaps if everyone can keep going like this they may actually get somewhere.
Steve nodded solemnly. Suddenly Bucky thought of something. Steve can see the gears turning in his head.
Suddenly he could no longer feel or hear anything like he was floating in a dark and eternal void. The last thing he could feel before he completely fell into the welcoming piece of unconsciousness was the all-too-familiar sensation of ice then he was gone.
"Not entirely. The truth is I did not yet know which of you would be the one who would give me a yes. The more I observed you two, however, the more I came to realize that though both of you would be excruciatingly difficult, the most difficult of all my keystones in the past combined, might I add, you, Steven, by far, would have been the easiest.
“Well, you have known him longer.” Steve replied shaking his head. “So, what do you know about the lucky lady?”
“I really don’t know what to say… It’s one thing figuring all this out for strange adults but now it’s mutant kids on the line.  I just don’t know anymore…”  Bruce was torn up about it.
At the Professors revelation Steve stared at Tony disbelievingly for a few moments before he started to outright laugh hard and deep. Charles joined him with gentle chuckles while Tony started snickering in an attempt to hold back his laughter.
Tony visibly flinched behind him.  The Captain reached back and grabbed Tony’s hand and gave it a gentle squeeze.  Tony clutched back almost painfully.
“I am so thankful that you are here Professor, we could really use your help on this.” The Captain added in.
Bucky looked at Steve’s intended location. “That’s just a bunch of factories and warehouses over there.” He remarked.
Did she know Tony was two timing him? She mustn’t have. She knew how he felt about Tony. She wouldn’t have let it get that far if she knew about Pepper.
“Yeah well I did not feel like mingling with the others while they mourn and prepare for a funeral of…  Never mind!”  Steve voiced harshly as he turned abruptly back to the canvas.  He began to rummage through his paint box before choosing a crimson red and a coal black paint tube and had began to pour the colors onto his palette.
"That's just it, it doesn't have to be just words. It can be real. It is a very complicated process and even I don't know if the outcome will be the one I desire. But I feel like I owe it to the universe to try. I owe it to this planet." She gestured wide.
“I’ve got a question for you. Why don’t you ask him yourself!?” Bucky locked eyes on him challengingly, his gaze was cutting.
“Okay, Tony cracks the code under the right conditions and she keeps the Keystone and that’s it, the world saved?”
“Could be better, could be worse…  I’m not exactly sure how it could be worse, but I gotta keep on trucking.”
He stood there a moment not quite sure what he was doing. He looked around his workshop and felt… empty. In the past, when Tony had become this restless, Steve was somehow always there to keep him company, sitting on his stool in his little corner of the shop sketching away. Tony had grown so used to Steve’s presence that his absence was absolutely devastating at best.
"How's it going, Dumbass?" He asked as he took cover behind the shield and shot down six birds and a knockoff doom bot.
As soon as Hank stowed his phone away into his pocket every one stared intently at him looking for answers but still too shocked to voice their inquiries.  Hank, recognizing the desperation on everyone’s face, quickly dove into an explanation.
The relief mixed with the foreboding was utterly nauseating. Good thing he just vomited up all the contents of his stomach not two minutes ago. His arm throbbed mercilessly but he managed to ignore it for now. He forced his mind to focus. They may have a lot of extra people now but that won’t help them in the least if those damned robots can adapt to every single thing thrown at them.
"I-I have to go now, there's some bad guys doing bad things and I gotta go stop them." He stared at Steve's unconscious, still form and he could feel his already broken heart break all over again. "The-the thing is you won't be here when I get back. So, this…" He paused and glanced at the heart monitor that was beeping at a painfully slow rhythm. "So, this is… Goodbye." He said finally, forcing his tears back.
Steve hadn’t thought of that perspective before. Now things are truly starting to make sense. The Asgardian King’s reluctance to help, Despite Asgard being protectors, if they draw too much attention to themselves Calamity could choose them next. The King, knowing his own son, is aware that Thor would wage a war for Jane who is currently doomed to Calamity’s whim.
“Of course, it was you, dumbass! You were fucking the Kettle behind his back!” Bucky bellowed in revelation.
Everything was a matter of time. There was no time left. Either he waited and let Rhododendron figure out his suit and kill everyone in front of him then go on and do unspeakable things or destroy the suit now subsequently killing himself. Rhododendron said it was a shame if he couldn’t type.
“See Steve, I’m no better than you.” He thought with pride. Then he felt utterly stupid for taking pride in such a thing. He groaned to himself still mindful of security as he made his way back out of the building.
He almost felt an urge to shed a tear, but swallowed it back as much as humanly possible in fear of Tony giving him a hard time.  He did not need Tony pestering him about his deepest innermost thoughts right now.  Nobody, but the Professor, seem to notice his inner turmoil.  Soon enough he was back to watching Tony, Hank and Bruce flit around trying to combine their ideas into something innovative.
“I’m sorry Captain, but that’s how it is. Just be grateful you won’t be constantly confined to a gurney as you are now, or placed in a straitjacket. I personally wouldn’t mind either way.”
Before any could respond however, the horrendous wail coming from the portal got louder. Hundreds more of the eggs came through followed by a massive gnarled beak.
“Your eyes always turn a pale blue when you get that far off look as you think about your past, the time before the ice.” Tony stated tenderly.
If there was one thing he knew with absolute certitude, it was pain. That was all he knew. His body, his mind, his heart and his soul were all in an intense excruciating pain. He did not know why and he did not want to know why.
“She never looked toward any camera so at best we have this partial of her face. She avoided surveillance skillfully.” Natasha stated. She stopped to allow the others to get a good look at her.
“I know.  He’s sweet that way,” she said.  Her voice was husky, wistful.  Bruce had been gone a while now.  No one knew where.
Steve ducked his head until he could press his lips against Tony’s wrist. “Yeah, you did,” he agreed.
how to answer that question, because he was divorced. He was living here. Steve was living here. They were in the same city. At the same time. There wasn’t an ocean between them. There wasn’t an overbearing father between them either. At least, not one that mattered, because they were adults, and who gave a fuck what Howard would think about this anymore, anyway?
Tony came up beside him.  The gauntlet he had used to shoot him with melted away as he put his arm around Steve’s back and heaved him up.  “Come on, soldier,” he said.  “Up you get.  Come on, you’re fine, I only hit you with point-five percent.”
Tony looked back down at him. He missed the hatred, Steve was sure. He was too preoccupied with his own feelings about his father. “You’ll go out there with me, won’t you, baby?” he asked. “You won’t make me go out there by myself?”
Tony took his phone out of his pocket and pressed 3.  Strange didn’t pick up, so Tony waited for the voice-mail.  “Hey, Doc, it’s Tony Stark.  Can you meet me for lunch tomorrow?  I’ve got something to discuss and we might as well eat while we talk, right?  Don’t say no, ‘kay?  This is important.  The deli down from the Tower?  Albert’s?  One o’clock.  Their corned beef will change your life.  See you then.”
to Tony.  Almost as if, on some other level, in some other dimension, they had been happening all along, and their physical bodies were just finally catching up to what their spirits had always been doing.
“Everybody warned me about you,” she said and snatched the t-shirt out of his hands.  She tossed it into her suitcase.  “They told me you were a cold-hearted bastard.  But I didn’t believe them.  You were so sweet when we first met.  So funny.”
Doctor Mickelsen led them down the hallway and pointed them to the doorway. Sam stayed outside while Steve slipped through the door. He went to his sleeping mother, and kissed her. He sat down and held her hand. He ignored how much he wanted to cry. How much he wanted a cigarette. How much he wanted a drink. He shoved it aside and just held her hand, wishing he could crawl up onto the bed and lie beside her the way he used to do when he was six years old and had a nightmare.
Tony let his head fall back and looked at the sky. He laughed a little. He couldn’t help it. So much time. God. They’d let so much time just go by. Wasted.
Steve’s face fell.  He closed his eyes and rested his head in his hand.  “Take me to the Compound,” he whispered.  “I’m not technically allowed inside, but Nat and I had a place on the roof.  I can sleep there tonight.  It’s okay.  I’ve done it before.”
Tony breathed out a sigh. Somehow, his hand tightened on Steve’s. He wasn’t sure that was going to be possible until it happened. “Well?” he prompted. “What do you think?”
Tony lay on the bed in the cabin, trying very hard to work.  He was going through the motions.  He had his tablet out.  He had the specs for Clint’s new arrows up.  He was even wearing his glasses.  He was putting on a good show, but every ounce of his concentration was actually focused on the closed door opposite him  The closed door and what was behind it.
“Can we swim in it?” he asked. He suddenly had an overwhelming urge to rip his clothes off and back-flip off the edge of the dock into the water below. He could do it. He was a good swimmer. He’d learned at the YMCA when he was a kid.
She sat up , eyes blazing out of her tear-stained face.  “How can you say that?  Of course it matters.  Everything you did.  Everything they
Love you all! Thank you for the comments. I know this is a hard go, and thank you for continuing on!
He turned it up the long dirt driveway and let it coast down toward the house.  It was small, but the lake was big and mirror-flat.  The dock was there, just like he remembered, and the tall grasses contained in the rock wall were lush and green.  There were wildflowers, a million of them painting the fields in real-life Monet watercolors.  He shut the engine off and the quiet pressed in.
Clint shook his head.  Not saying no, just that he didn't know.  "I think we'd figure that out when the time came."
Steve flushed at that and dropped his head into his hand.  His long fingers rubbed at his temples.  “That’s not what I meant,” he said gruffly.
ego wouldn’t let him go that far--but he would be a fool to think he didn’t have something to do with it.
.  If anyone else knew about it, they deliberately left it alone.  Neither Steve nor Natasha would have told people to stay away, but it would have changed it, and eventually they, themselves, would have abandoned it.
Not that it was boring now. Not now that Tony was here. And he was scared. Scared because soon Nick was going to send him the new parameters of his mission, and even though he was still position three, he was scared that the new parameters would include watching
Tony nuzzled into the crook of Steve’s neck and kissed him there, nipping at his skin.  His hands, his worrisome, eager hands, trailed over Steve’s back, his arm, pausing at his waist before slipping under his shirt and touching the bare skin of his stomach.
Steve shook his head. Deep down that’s all he wanted. If he were truly selfish he’d never let Bucky leave his side ever again but he knew whatever his end was it would take out everybody near him. He absolutely was not going to let Bucky or the twins get caught in that crossfire. No matter how much he did not want to meet his end alone.
