Tony laughed. “Listen, so you know how –”
“Aye, aye!”
Tony paused. Then opened his mouth. Then closed it. Then closed his eyes. Then smiled. When he opened them, Steve’s breath caught in his throat.
A doctor approached them. “Mister Stark, my name is Dr. Pavlova–”
“What?”
“Told you,” came her voice, and Steve found himself being floated away from the almost loaded dishwasher.  He scowled and waited for it to be over.
“I would grip my cock hard — yes, like that!” Steve mimicked what Tony had said with surprising precision given how unbelievably clouded his mind was. “And I’d whisper it to myself, I’d say ‘darling darling darling my darling Steve’ and I’d think about that perfect mouth of yours and the way it would look like wrapped around — fuck.”
Then he sees. Steve’s chest is rising. He’s being carefully lifted, shrouded in Wanda red, cradled away from danger. Tony feels himself being moved in the same direction as Steve. Perhaps there’s a chance to join him in whatever life there is. He thinks he’s finally crying.
Clint actually groaned. “Tasha, anything but that! Remember Tijuana?” He shuffled his feet towards the bar where Tony started pouring shots.
“Not show? Also, how did Jackie know any of this?”
“Why are you doing this to me? Can’t you see…
“You have no idea how hard it is for me not to make a dirty joke right now. Very hard,” he deadpanned as he turned to walk up the stairs. Pepper was still in hysterics when he punched in the code to unlock the roof door.
There was a reply, maybe more things that people said behind him, the door shutting. All he could hear was his blood rushing in his ears, the heat running up the back of his neck and burning the base of his skull. He was vaguely worried he was going to snap the tree because his anger sometimes made him to that. Just tear wood apart like some sort of savage. It was one of those things that kept him up at three in the morning when he cringed so hard his cheeks went red and he had to duck his head in the pillow.
realize that he’s a robot, right? And whatever he did, he was probably trying to help?”
made,” he reminded Tony pointedly, crossing his arms over his chest and glaring at him.
A third finger pressed in and Steve groaned, bucking back against it before he caught himself. Tony didn’t bother to slap his ass again - instead, he just pulled all three fingers almost all the way out, teased the tips at the edge of Steve’s hole, then shoved deep. The sounds he drew from Steve’s mouth with that little maneuver were so sweet that he just had to repeat it several times before he pressed firmly against Steve’s prostate. “How close are you, sweetheart?”
Of course, JARVIS would alert him the second the Avengers got near an elevator, but Tony wasn’t above a little bit of a mindfuck, particularly when it helped get Steve off this hard. He pressed down a little and began rubbing faster. “One of these days I’m gonna make you come so much it’ll leak right through the suit,” he murmured. “Get you so fucking filthy wet with it that nobody’ll miss seeing how bad you want it. They’ll all know what a slut you are then, Cap.”
“God, Tony!” Steve’s reaction never failed to settle right in the pit of his stomach, making him feel at once humbled by the fact that this god on earth allowed him to get this close, and ten feet tall at the same time, simply because he’d been the one to show Steve this kind of pleasure for the first time. Tony held back, counted silently to three, then licked slowly over Steve’s hole, exulting in the moan he pulled out of him in response. “Ohhhh my God...”
“Not tonight,” he teased. “Tonight’s definitely a ‘fuck Steve’ night.” But he put the suit in motion again, although maybe just a little bit slower than before. “Over and over again, until you’re begging me to stop because you just can’t take anymore.”
Yeah, he was definitely getting something good.
Teeth scraped over muscle briefly. “But I was.” Tony rubbed the pad of one finger over Steve’s hole. “Wanna give me the lube, sweetheart?”
Steve sucked in a sharp breath as two fingers stroked down along his crease while Tony’s tongue paused to lick a wet circle over the middle of his back. “I didn’t think you were serious about it.”
He knew he wasn’t going to last long, not with Steve sucking him like he was trying to strip chrome off a bumper, but then this was just the appetizer, something to take the edge off for both of them, so Tony wasn’t about to try to slow it down. “Deeper,” he urged Steve. “Gonna come in, like, three seconds, here, and I want you to get it all. You want it, don’tcha?”
Jesus. That was definitely enough to make Tony resolve to tweak the stripping algorithm for speed as soon as possible. As it was, he had to restrain himself from trying to help with the process, knowing that would only slow it down, but damn, it was hard to keep his steps measured and even when there was a horny supersoldier just waiting to blow him at the end of the walk. He was fully expecting to see Steve leaning up against the wall watching Tony’s custom launch pad take his suit off, but he was
He looked up at her, his smile sliding from uncertain to charming and rakish as he took in the bathrobe and that’s when it clicked. Chris Noth. Mr Big.
to get fucked. Even better was how, when Tony pressed two fingers against his hole, he pushed back against them, so eager for them that he just had to shove himself down onto them. “Fuck, yeah...”
“You’re close, aren’tcha?” He boosted both thrusters and repulsors again until they were just inches off the ground. “Gonna come all over the inside of those special patriotic panties I made you for me?”
God, Tony loved it when Steve got like this, playful and almost drunk on sex and orgasm. He pushed his hips forward into Steve’s hand and laughed. “It’s both, sweetheart. Your very own heat-seeking missile, no pockets needed.”
“And I owe you?” he offered, hoping against hope that it might be enough to save his bot, if not his balls.
Tony smiled and took them into a loop that he knew would make Steve press up against the suit a little closer. ‘I know. You wanna fuck the suit.” And right now, he was having a hard time remembering why he’d said no the first time Steve had asked. “What if I said I was thinking about it?”
“Not if you keep doing
pace tonight.” He stretched out full length next to Steve, shoving his fingers in deep and holding them still while he pressed up against Steve’s side and kissed his neck. “And I want to completely,” Kiss. “Thoroughly,” Kiss. “Wreck you,” Kiss. “Tonight.” Kiss.
Natasha folded her arms across her chest. “Uh-huh. And just what kind of help do you think he was planning on offering me when he sprayed that stupid fire extinguisher over every last bit of makeup I bought at Sephora last week?”
“Yeah? Was it seeing me come in front of everybody or knowing you did it?” Steve let out a little moan that sounded like -
Clint sighed and looked back at the counter. At least he hadn’t put anything away yet. “This time I’m licking the bread before I start,” he muttered as he set about starting work on a second masterpiece. And Tony owed him, so that had to be worth something, probably something pretty good, given Stark Industry’s net worth and technological assets.
Clint paused for a moment to appreciate his work of art, mouth watering as he anticipated that first, perfect bite. “We’re gonna have a great night,” he told his sandwich, right before it - disappeared? What the hell?
Despite what many people might think, Tony Stark really did know a thing or two about art. He couldn’t help it - a lifetime of being dragged to this museum benefit and that exclusive auction had left their marks. But no statue or painting he’d ever seen could come close to matching the beauty of Steve Rogers spread out across his bed.
“God, I need - please, fingers or cock, just... something, Tony,” Steve whined, and that was seriously never going to get old,
Steve groaned and Tony saw his fingers flex in their position against his back. He whined faintly in the back of his throat and breathed, “Yes. Please, Tony.”
“Hey!” he objected, more for the sake of objection and putting off the looming beatdown than for anything else.
He watched a blush move down the back of Steve’s neck. Steve’s blushes were things of wonder - he had a truly filthy mouth, but sometimes the tamest inferences could turn him into a ripe tomato. “Tony...”
Steve just moaned and shoved down further, pushing forward until Tony could feel the head of his cock nudge at the back of Steve’s throat. He heard Steve choke just a bit, felt his throat work around him, and that was it - he was gone, coming in hot, sweet bursts that were just too good to be believed. It was enough of a struggle to keep his knees from giving out that Tony almost didn’t remember to pull back enough to let Steve get it on his tongue, but Steve’s hands closed on his hips and squeezed, a silent plea that helped him come back to himself in time to make sure Steve got at least a decent taste.
Steve moaned and shuddered, but didn’t try to move like that again. “Sorry,” he whimpered. “I just - you feel so good, and I want -”
“Mmmmph,” Tony agreed, his mouth too full of awesome to really form words. “I just might have to agree with you on that.”
Tony guessed that Steve’s super-sensitivity to touch was a side effect of the serum, but he really didn’t care enough to ask. He was too busy reaping the benefits to bother, especially when those benefits included being able to make Captain Fucking America come in his pants like a fifteen year old right in the middle of the street. To be fair, the post-battle adrenaline high they were both riding probably helped the hair trigger along, but Tony didn’t mind, not when all it had taken was an ‘accidental’ glance with the back of his gauntlet over the front of Steve’s pants to make Steve draw in a sharp breath. Tony had looked at Steve in time to see him clench his jaw and he’d caught the little flutter of his eyelashes, and Jesus. That was just too fucking hot.
Tony groaned and threaded his fingers through Steve’s hair. “Love it when you’re so hot for my dick you just gotta have it,” he told him. “Don’t care who sees, do you? You’d suck me off right in front of Fury himself if he showed up right now, wouldn’t you?” Steve moaned around him, and Tony shuddered. Fuck, that was good. “Yeah, you would. You’re such a fucking slut, baby, and it’s so fucking hot.”
Oh boy. Tony had enough experience with women to realize that Sephora was one of those religious things. “I’ll replace it,” he said quickly.
Steve moaned, and really, if anyone on Earth had a clue that Captain America could make a sound like that, they’d have the stars and stripes off him in an instant. “Y-yeah. I want - God, Tony...”
“Mmmmhmmm, you’re damn right I did,” Tony hummed, dropping a kiss on the back of his neck. “Remember the first time I did this?” he asked as he started making his way down Steve’s spine, breathing the words hotly against his skin. “You just about came off the bed...”
“You think that I have enough power to convince a member of the government that it’s not that bad to go against 117 countries and that run away afterwards is a good thing ? I appreciate the high-esteem you have of me Rogers.” His tone wasn’t meant to be harsh at all but Steve nevertheless felt a lump of guilt in his throat. It was still a delicate topic for both of them, so most of the time they just avoid it. But when it was on the conversation they try to take it easy.
At least, it’s what theirs friends/teammates believe. In fact the last time that they saw each other was nearly 2 days ago.
Tony shifts his gaze into Steve’s, Steve saw the panic trough his eyes and his heart aches at this vision.
“Pamper?”
“Barnes,” Tony warned.
Steve would have denied it, but he knew it was true. He put the gift down and squatted to be closer to their heights. “Hi, I’m Steve.” he offered simply.
“Yes, Captain, how may I be of assistance?” he asked with exaggerated politeness.
“Oh, Tish. That’s French.”
“Tony…”
“Then ask her in. At least some of us would be home, if it makes you feel better.” Steve drank some more. “Besides, she’s not the type to anger people. Unless you can Hulk out from laughing too much.”
There were voices rising up again and he moved his hands to signal them to settle. “These are my views. While I trust my teammates with my life, I cannot expect them to back my views up completely. But I am distraught and saddened by the state of affairs we were met with. I am distraught by this spectacle, by bringing a new tv in our accommodation to make us believe things are better. This
Fucking surreal. He’d seen Tony in suits before, even in a tux. He’d seen extensive footage and he’d even seen it in person. He wished Howard was alive so he could punch him in his smirking face for fucking his brain up with his stupid serum. He knew it wasn’t just Howard, but his mind was racing and he was gone. He also wanted to pick him up after the punch and shout that he was in love with his son and there was nothing anyone could do. Other than Tony, who could reject him, of course. Or a villain who could find out and seek revenge.
“Presents.” He paused to pull his shirt out of his trousers. “Look,” he started, stopping to look at Tony seriously. “It doesn’t have to be loud, we can just have a nice dinner, have a couple of drinks. I understand being uncomfortable so I won’t push if you really don’t want a party. But let the others get you things? They just want to –”
“By rushing into a situation where not only you couldn’t do anything in a timely manner, but you put yourself in danger as well.”
Steve was in awe, but he also felt slightly lost. With the object of his overprotectiveness gone, his proximity to Justin Hammer was not only peculiar, but also a bit disturbing. He frowned at the man one more time for good measure and went to join Thor and Jane at a table.
Steve turned to check what the frown was for. He tried not to join in the scowling, but it was impossible. There were reporters everywhere, swarming around their location, taking photos and trying to get close. Behind them, the firefighters kept rushing to put the fire out. Natasha had called the team back home, but his phone was still going wild in his pocket. He refused to check it.
“Must be something naughty,” Tony said conspiratorially, “to put that expression on your face.”
Steve’s skin was on fire. A good type of burning, nothing like the panic induced stifling heat he had recently woken up to. He was tingling, small electric shocks that stemmed from his mouth and bloomed throughout his entire body. Tony pressed into him, his frame fitting onto Steve’s perfectly. He could feel the man’s tongue timidly advancing into their open mouthed kiss and he met it with his own, licking it slowly in return. Tony moaned then, quietly, almost restrained. His dick twitched in his pants, and given how close they were, there was no way Tony hadn’t felt it. He pulled back, putting some distance between them.
“Don’t say bad. It’s worse than bad,” Bruce said with an apologetic smile.
Natasha:
“Too soon, you asshole!” Bucky laughed and punched him in the shoulder.
He knows time slowing down as Horrible takes over him. Like he’s caught in tar, trying to outrun the pain. He knows the despair intimately. He now knows what it feels like to watch Steve die. And wanting to plummet to his death as every horrendous emotion he ever experienced takes over.
“You. You’re good,” Steve managed through the violent trembling.
“I love how responsive you are,” he whispered, licking in circles across Steve’s chest. His hips twitched every now and then. “I love how your skin tastes, I love that you smell like my shower gel. I love that you’re patient with me and that you’re kind when I get in my head. Oh, god, I love that you smell like my shower gel.”
“I’ll put it on my wishlist: getting hyper on coffee and drunk on anything alcoholic.”
“Can you fly to our location and take this massive tree off our hands? We still have errands to run and it would help us a lot.”
Steve never did Christmas, and now he had a family and as annoying and uncooperating as they were, he would see his plan through and make it happen. If they wanted to join him, they were more than welcome.
“What are you doing?”
“I may have gone a bit overboard,” he admitted and Wanda went to help him stick them around the room. She levitated more ribbon and they started working on it.
“Stark give me the damn plate before I eat all the skin off this bird in front of you and make you watch,” Steve said in a normal voice.
The short conversation went along the lines of:
When he was finally allowed to leave the room, his anticipation was palpable. He literally shook with excitement, although if it was for the holiday or for being anywhere else, Steve didn’t know.
Tony’s familiar with almost dying. Even before he became Iron Man, he has always been in some sort of danger, whether it was self-inflicted or a consequence of his heritage. And every time he was close to his life finally ending, he experienced flashes of good memories, of bad memories, of random facts that he never got to share with anyone.
“There is no Tasha here, only Nashtenka,” she said in the most exaggerated Russian accent.
“Good.”
Vision floated through the wall covered in colourful paper chains. They were hanging around his neck and shoulders and arms, and he was holding even more in his hands, making him look like a kindergarten art project gone extreme. “I watched a tutorial, and people said these are popular around this holiday, so I made some.”
“How long has it been since you got laid?”
Happy holidays! I'm sorry if this time is rough for you, I'm sending you all my love and good thoughts. (My tumblr inbox is always open to any and all who need to vent or talk about anything. Pls reach out if you need someone to talk to.)
He got up and stretched, allowing the vanity and silencing the doubts. Tony's keen face helped massively.  “I figured this could help with my plan,” he explained, and pulled out the belt-shaped cock ring, buckle and all. “I want you to – Could you –”
“I love this, I really do –” Steve stopped at once. “No, don’t! I just know my body, I’ve touched myself enough in recent months to become super reacquainted with it,” he laughed. When Steve kept his distance, he shifted closer to him. “I want you so much. But I’m old and I haven’t slept in… a while, I guess. I’m not gonna be able to come,” he said with a sigh.
Tony looked at him for a long moment. “Sure. Oh, I got something better!” He rummaged in a drawer under a desk for a while and came back with a black t-shirt. “Here, it’s a bit loose for me but it should fit you at least more than a crop top would. It’s my lazy top,” he informed him quite proudly.
“What? Yeah, yeah, I’m okay. Just thinking, that’s all.” He knew the lie wasn’t convincing, but it was all he could do.
The third time Steve was left speechless by how attractive Tony was, there were lips pressed tightly against his. He thought in hindsight that was as much reason for his lack of verbal response as seeing his stupid crush smile over a room full of people.
“I’d rather you didn’t think of other times you’ve been with someone when you’re in bed with me,” Steve told him in a fake-clipped tone.
“I was working on a space suit and then I passed out and when I woke up Mr Fantastic was calling me and I just flew out to beat the crap out of a Doombot and to avoid Reed’s annoying voice. And I guess I forgot,” he finished lamely.
“Oh, dear lord! Tony I –”
“Tony!” Nat called through her sobs of laughter. Steve was in an identical predicament, holding on to his sides at the man’s rant.
There was lava, violent destructive lava flowing from the walls into a massive hole in the floor, burning everything. He couldn’t see Tony so he yelled out his name, burning his hands on the melting door frames and other metal objects in the lab. In a corner, close to where the lava was slowly and relentlessly seeping to, he could see Tony. For a brief second he was relieved to have found him, but then he
Natasha:
Tony burst into uncontrollable giggles. “That’s possible the most precious thing you’ve ever said.” He yawned loudly. “Nap first, kinky stuff later.”
“You’re so hot,” he said in a muffled voice, caught between the pillow and Steve’s face.
“No,” came the muffled reply.
“What’s wrong?” Steve shook his head, trying to school his face in a neutral expression. “You know you can’t lie to me,” he said with a smile.
“Steve? You okay, darling?”
“So choosing for her is the way to go?”
“That’s it! That’s it, Steve. Come on darling, come back to me,” he pleaded. Steve couldn’t make out all of the words, but the voice was soothing, and the way the man rubbed his arms up and down was nice so eventually, he managed to see without feeling like he was floating.
The taste was identical, but the way it was being fed to him made Steve’s cock twitch. He sucked Tony’s fingers unhurriedly, licking in between them, flicking his tongue on the skin connecting them at the base. He enjoyed the calloused fingertips pressing on his tongue and the way Tony moaned when he took them down to his throat, fighting not to gag.
“Yeah, I’ve got a car waiting for us. Think they’ll let us in with the goat?”
Tony smiled as he climbed down and grabbed his hand, pulling him towards the bedroom. Steve entire body was tingling, fuelled by the connection they shared through their fingers. He allowed Tony to lay him down and despite their previous time together, he was still embarrassed by the way the towel tented.
The worst thing was when the cold started to seep into him. It seemed to spread to his very bones, then stay there for hours. He felt it like phantom cold, the same way he felt the phantom inability to breathe sometimes. The same way as before the serum, when he was in danger of an asthma attack every moment. It felt like what Bucky described pain.
“Shut up, Stark!” Then it dawned on Steve. “You hate being handed things,” he said simply, as if Tony was a normal human being who picked up on the subtleties of human interaction.
,” he blurted, then groaned and covered his face with the pillow he had been hugging.
“Vividly, constantly, I live for it.”
The other man paused mid-step at his response. “You, ah - you want some dinner? We’re gonna order something from downstairs.”
“And I can’t offer her stability or a family.” Bruce drank, passed the bottle to Steve, waited, took it back, and drank some more. “Or going out clubbing!”
“Thanks for making the tree happen,” Tony countered and they left it at that.
They had started on the baubles when Jane walked in with a box. She placed it on the coffee table and started going through it. “These are all the decorations Darcy and I collected. Some are spectacularly ugly, but I thought maybe you’d want to use some of them.” Steve was moved, and went to thank her, but she was already walking out the room, twisting her hair in a bun and holding it in place with a pen. She stopped, ran up to Thor to kiss him once, and then ran out of the room babbling about formulas and work work work.
“Oh, it’s about your clothes.” He shook his head. “You know, the two sizes too small, match the sky blue colour of your eyes… the usual.”
Bruce was kind enough to buy them hot chocolate. Steve carried the tree to a side alley where they would hopefully not attract that much attention. They ran through all the places they still had to go to and made a battle plan. Steve was starting to get excited again.
“And wine, Captain?”
“Was that really necessary?”
Steve smiled at their easy banter - years of knowing each other, a deep connection did that to people. He wished he had that same easy way of communicating with Tony. The others he’d developed an easy-going relationship with. Perhaps it was in his head, fuelled by the way his heart fluttered whenever Tony and him interacted. It could have very well been the case that he was projecting the entire thing and their relationship wasn’t stunted or fragmented in any way.
“Bruce –"
Tony opened his mouth and Pepper covered it effectively with her hand. “Don’t you dare say no, Tony.” She said with a manic smile. “We’re taking the photo and we’re selling it at the New Year’s charity gala and we’re donating the money and you’ll be in it whether you want it or not,” she finished, and Steve was impressed by the sing-song qualities her little rant took towards the end.
“Of course. I promise, darling.”
Steve could feel the wetness seeping in as his hole throbbed for attention. He grabbed Tony’s hair, rocking back and forth onto the man’s tongue. “That feels so good. You’re so good to me,” he whispered, desperate for more.
“What about…” His hand touched Steve’s forehead, prompting his eyes to fly open. He wasn’t aware he’d shut them again. The calloused hand felt wonderful on his skin. “Is this okay?
“Fuck! No, wait.”
haven’t seen his dick!”
Tony turned towards the tree. “What, you couldn’t get an entire forest?” he asked Steve.
The one time Steve couldn’t - literally couldn’t, try as he might - shut up about how attractive Tony Stark was. He felt his blood boiling, threatening to burst through his veins with emotion. Words poured out, volume fluctuating depending on how he managed to regain temporary control. Steve could see the nature of this latest disaster, and watched it like a slow-motion video, unable to prevent it or look away.
“No,” Tony assured him.
“Okay,” she said, and he could hear her plop over to the other side.
“I’d get you a vintage bike, personalised and everything.”
“So no to overthrowing the government?” he finally asked, trying to stay with the conversation.
“It’s morning and I want coffee and also I’ve known Steve longer,” Bucky replied. Steve felt himself tense. If they were going to get into a pissing contest over him while all he wanted was to kiss Tony, he was gonna cry. Actually gonna cry.
“Darcy,” the man says with a laugh. “Stevie, you know I’m joking, right?”
She nodded, an understanding look settling on her face. “Pretty much word for word what he said.”
“And why is that?” Tony asked with a cheeky smile.
Steve was lost in his thoughts about Jackie and how she was probably dead by now. She had been only eighteen when he met her, but he learned early on not to hope he would find any of them still alive.
“Again, Steve. You want to do it again, don’t you?”
Steve sighed with contentedness, dropping his forehead to rest on Tony’s shoulder. He felt the small tugs. “Thank you,” he managed in a shaky voice. Then Tony’s hand on his back was maneuvering him, the leash pulled taut but not painfully so. It felt like there was a Steve-shaped slot in the universe and he’d just stepped into it. A mould to fit into, in between Tony’s hand supporting him and Tony’s other hand owning him. He half-fell back on the chair.
Tony had started closing his eyes, pressing forward, when Steve pulled back. He sobered instantly. “I’m sorry, I couldn’t think of anything else to stop you from cursing at yourself so I thought shocking you would work — I mean not literally, although I do have a taser, but I doubt that would work and —“
when he saw him. He felt his knees weaken, his lower back tingle, his chest
“Yeah, famous cock and all,” Tony repeated with a laugh. “Wanna come to bed now, darling?”
“Cause they’re too dumb to burn down New York,” he deadpanned. “Let’s face it, Bruce and Darcy would elope if they haven’t already, Bucky would go apeshit and start aggressively dancing on the street for some change, and the others I can’t even begin to explain.”
He chuckled. “Go to bed, Nat.”
Clint:
Agent Martin’s mother was a short plump woman, whose eyes glistened with tears when she realised her son was home. She insisted Captain America eat a couple of cookies, and packed a couple for his journey. She hugged him repeatedly, thanking him, and making sure there was nothing she could do for him.
Steve rolled his eyes. “We’re replanting it at the Avengers Facility. I already emailed Martha and they’d be happy to help,” he replied and returned to the whiteboard.
“I just don’t think…” he started.
Steve forced out a laugh. “On that note,” he started, and got up to put the bowl away, “I’m going to bed.”
“Shit! Shit shit shit shit shit!”
“Can I help?” Steve asked after he managed to control his silent laughter that had his body shaking with joy.
“I’m okay,” he sighed. “Honestly. I mean, I’m exhausted and still shaken and supremely embarrassed, and I’ll probably feel guilty and ashamed for the next six months, but I’m okay.”
blush.
He was partly face-down, resting his temple on the heel of his hand, looking at Steve with a small smile. “Earlier when you were ranting,” he ignored Steve’s groan and continued, “you said something about not forming words. Now, because I’m a scientist and I witnessed you form
Steve was even more distrustful. He wasn’t certain where he had the brain power to analyse the man’s speech patterns – perhaps it was ingrained in his tactical views on things. Perhaps it was the obsessive side of his brain folding in on itself. He felt dizzy trying to process the implications of accents laid hard to convey the benign qualities of the conversation. “I don’t know if that would be good,” he tried, thinking about how it would look.
“Steve?” Tony asked quietly.
The young man’s eyes widened as he nodded frantically. “I’ve not had a chance to spend time with her properly for the holidays, I don’t even want to go out at all. Captain, are you sure? Do you have a minute to come in and say hi? She’s one of your biggest fans.”
Clint’s new controller set was a great hit with him, and Bucky caught the one the marksman threw at him. They settled on the floor quickly and immersed themselves into their usual friendly competition that involved about twenty swear words per minute. Natasha kissed his cheek softly for her new necklace, and Darcy threw herself at him in “eternal gratitude” for her new taser.
“Oh, child. And so we tried to entertain ourselves but it got old quickly and we agreed that you’re extremely important to both of us and we wanted you to come join us for some fun and -”
Five. “Thor’s got the most infectious good mood.” Six. “Maria Hill is so gentle she can call cats over and they’ll come.” Shot. Seven. “Bucky covered me with a blanket when he thought I was sleeping and thanked me for fixing his arm and I am so glad we fought for him.”
“Come on, you can do dishes tomorrow as well,” Tony said and started pulling at his shoulder and then tried to push him towards the door. “There are about eighteen mugs in my lab and at least six bowls you can wash if you feel like it. Tomorrow,” he added, and tried moving Steve again.
Steve was positive he was blushing.
There were plenty of bottles pretty much everywhere around the large common room in the tower, but Steve also needed a dark corner to brood for a little. There was a poignant desire to lament his inability to get drunk. Because maybe if he could, he’d pass out and it would finally get quiet in his head. Like many other things that night, that wasn’t an option. So he sat down and drank scotch straight from the bottle, trying to attract as little attention as possible.
He couldn’t exactly pinpoint why he was so aggravated by the entire situation. Part of him was hoping they would be more excited – if they could get hyped up about movie night, Steve figured this was just some next level event. It was supposed to be a team thing, a
Tony started walking them towards the door. “I thought we agreed that was our secret.” There was a pause that Steve knew was for dramatic effect. “But yes, with the nice blueberry jam.”
“Tell me,” Steve asked again, as he tried his best to synchronise his hand and his hips.
“She wouldn’t leave us here. Right? Tony? Right?”
“I’m asleep, not dead, you know.”
“I don’t care, the answer’s yes.”
“Yeah. Okay, almost done… and I’m done! Don’t open your eyes yet!” Tony warned.
“What is it with you and exhibits of force? First the pushups, now this.”
“Do what?” he asked, snuggling the goat. Steve’s heart clenched.
“Till the end of the line, pal” Bucky replied, and for a moment, the world didn’t seem all that bleak.
Steve wanted to be jealous. Some small petty part of him succeeded, but overall, he was just accepting. Pepper had been and remained a massive part of Tony’s life. Pepper was actually a massive part of all of their lives, with the way she mothered and cared for them. Steve could not be jealous of anyone who had made Tony feel loved and appreciated. “I… Can I kiss you?”
“I’m so sorry,” Steve whispered. “I’m so so sorry,” he repeated, fidgeting with the empty bottle.
“Such an asshole, I swear,” Bucky shook his head.
By the time he got to the hotel he felt better about things. It was probably the fatigue, but it didn’t seem so dire anymore. He found Tony curled up with Bennu on the sofa, head on Natasha’s lap. He swallowed the pang of jealousy that overtook his heart.
“I’ve secured Clint, we’re currently heading to higher ground. This dickhead figured he can run with a twisted ankle – stop wiggling! The twins are still pinned and none of us can get to them. Thor’s unconscious, Vision’s with him. Give us a hand?”
When the chuckles around the room died down, Sam touched his shoulder. “Not to burst your bubble, but I’m with Stark on this one. It’s the 19th of December. Do you have
“He’s alive,” Barnes shouts in his ear, and it feels like Tony’s heart stops.
“Forever?”
“I’m sorry if I overstepped my boundaries,” he said, trying to talk exclusively to her although impossible in the group of people surrounding them. It also seemed unnecessary to apologise to this young woman, citizen of the country whose officials he slandered on tv. But he had to apologise because he had done fucked up, as Sam’s eloquently put it the last time he was accidentally insensitive, and this was a way to start doing it. “I shouldn’t have been so aggressive,” and for a second he thought of when he was tiny and how much more aggressive he was then.
“You’re an asshole, that’s what you are. Steve, you know how you always tell me I’m an asshole, no no darling, she’s an asshole. Nay, beyond an asshole -”
“Oh, Steve! Will you let me drag you to an empty room and kneel for you and suck you off? Quick and hard and messy? While you’re still wearing the suit and you’re looking down at me? Straight down my throat? And you can touch the bulge it forms, you’re so fond of it.” Tony must have been prepared for it, because when Steve thrusted up into his mouth, he took it in stride. Steve had no self-consciousness left to feel bad as Tony pumped three fingers in and out of him and swallowed around the head of his dick.
Steve nodded.
“Steve?”
Clint:
“I said.” He swallowed heavily. “Shut up.”
“You also suggested we rename her Goatzilla.”
Clint:
He couldn’t trust his voice, so he nodded. Tony took a step forward, effectively cancelling all distance between them. Steve could feel the man’s toes touching his, the briefest of touches signalling just how close they were. Tony leaned forward, the small difference in height enabling Steve to receive the hug, feeling him mould just right to his torso. Steve hoped the quiet sigh he let out wasn’t too obvious. Tony lifted his head a little, the slow delicate burn of his facial hair on Steve’s cheek making his toes curl. He inhaled sharply.
Steve’s arm is halfway in the circuits on the bot’s back. “I barely listen when you’re wearing clothes,” he says, tint of annoyance in his voice. Probably at the fight, but Tony’s heart sinks a little.
Steve nodded. He dragged a foot forward, scared he’d topple. Tony moved to his side, letting him lean on him heavily. Together, they made it to the sofa and Steve stupidly let himself plop down, fighting a serious case of whiplash. He refused to vomit in the lab, so he clenched his jaw and hunched over, putting his head between his knees.
“Steve it’s good to have you here.” Rhodey broke the silence that has been going on since Steve had arrived. It wasn’t the kind of awkward silence but nobody didn’t really know what to say.
People said that words can hurt more than actions, and at this exact moment, Steve thought they’re right. Deep down, he knew that but hearing it out loud is still painful. At least, Tony was honest with you, that’s all he was asking.
“Steve I-”
“First, when we will be with the others, we agree on the fact that we are going to act as if nothing of all of this happened ?” Steve pointed one finger at Tony then at him as a visual representation of ”of all this”.
“If it’s not now, it will be at another moment and you might gonna hate it maybe even more the next time.” Steve was trying to be the one who is not afraid to confort the talk, but in fact he’s terrified. He’s terrified about the outcomes out this conversation and the fact that he might lose Tony a second time. The first one was already painful, so he can’t imagine a second time.
They talked about a lot of things and there was a lot of conditions. This gave Steve a massive headache.
“At lease, I think they will let you stay here.” Tony finally spoke, everyone was looking at him because Iron Man and Captain America were talking to each other without screaming or threatening the other -or even with a weapon held on one other face-. “In any case, you know that you can stay.”
It was what Steve redoubts, Tony left which means that he’s alone since Rhodey is at the compound and since Pepper left. And when Tony is alone and sad, he drinks.
Once they broke apart, Tony was the first one to leave.
“I don’t want to make you uncomfortable,” he whispered. “I… I love this,” he said, hovering over the arc reactor. “It keeps you alive. But if you don’t want me near it, I won’t touch it.”
He wasn’t ready for the constant bouts of insomnia, alternating with sleeping for sixteen hours. He tried his best to act like nothing was out of the ordinary. He was constantly wired, even on days when he hadn’t slept. His mind was beyond loud, it had become constant background noise.
Clint approached him at lunch a couple of days before with a smile (first sign of trouble), a notepad (signs two-to-five of trouble), a pen (!), and confetti on his shoulders. Steve nearly turned around and walked away. He might have looked young, but he was starting to think he was essentially an old man – what was that line in the film? Too old for this shit?
Sam sat opposite Bucky, both of them staring at each other. Steve was trying to decide if it was flirting or competing, but he came up short. Fury sat on the side of an armchair, drinking whiskey from the bottle, probably lamenting how much money went into the Avengers Initiative. Steve couldn’t blame the man. His good eye was starting to lose focus, and Steve felt a slight pang of jealousy at the ability.
Steve’s endearment towards the woman surged. She regarded him over her half moon reading glasses. Her gray hair was pulled back in an intricate bun, and her thin red lips lifted in a kind smile. “I just wish you’d give them a chance, that’s all. A strong woman like you, it just wouldn’t be fair now, would it?”
“Oh, good! You know what we’re talking about! Not that. Now come join us since you’re a pivotal part of this team!”
Steve didn’t trust his voice, so he nodded, lowering his head slightly to reach Tony just right. He doubted he would ever get over how everything seemed to right itself and shift into place when they kissed. He hoped there would be many many kisses to test his theory.
“At least I can get drunk,” Bruce offered, and Steve found himself laughing. It was useless to think people hadn’t noticed his reaction, but this, this he could deal with.
“Fuck’s sake, just put together two sandwiches and send them up to Tony’s,” he snapped, extremely happy Bucky couldn’t see him blushing. “Please,” he added grudgingly.
Clint shoved pigs in blankets in his mouth, throwing Steve a thumbs up and an enthusiastic nod. Bucky thanked him for making the roast potatoes the way his mother used to. Steve smiled widely and pointed towards the turkey. “Not that slapping it wouldn’t be amazing to watch,” he rolled his eyes, “but who wants to carve it?”
Steve couldn’t bring himself to care that he was maybe making a fool of himself. “For your cock? Yeah, always,” he laughed.
“Don’t worry, I’m not –” He stops when it hits him that for all they discussed their feelings and insecurities, team dynamics didn’t even skirt the edges of his mind, let alone cross it. It’s easy for him - he would and he will follow Steve to the end of the world. He’ll be honest and call Steve out when needed but his loyalties are firmly with the man. The poignant pause that makes Tony roll his eyes. “Don’t all rush in, guys.”
Steve had joined the army because he hated bullies. And these people were legal bullies, corrupt and unfair. So Steve had to say something. Even if it meant facing criticism. Even if it meant having a potential psychotic break on international television. Even if it meant embarrassing himself in front of the world and his crush. Even if it meant almost starting an international incident. Or having nightmares for a long while.
“Yes, Lady Darcy,” Thor said and Steve couldn’t stop laughing when Darcy shouted, “Golly! A talking horse!”
“I figured I don’t deserve you,” he said even more quietly.
Tony squatted next to her, petting her head gently. “She’s been so patient with us,” he explained affectionately. “We contacted a friend of Bruce’s in Australia and he was able to help us build these for her.”
Steve finally got it. “Ah! Well, you’re an ashole,” he announced matter-of-factly.
“I’m gonna be mourning your rude ass today if you don’t shut up. Heads up!” He throws the shield in a wide arc, making it ricochet between several bots before it reaches Bucky.
“Yes!”
“Like I belong,” he added. “Did you have fun?”
“And she’s way out of my league!”
Tony’s mind is reeling, torn between coming up with a plan and images of Steve’s long blond hair sprawled on his pillow as he rode him. He wasn’t even aware the idea of long-haired Steve would be a turn on. “I promised the exact same thing like an hour ago, do you even listen to me?”
“You okay?”
“She can if she gets a grenade launcher. The rest she’ll thigh-strangle to death.”
“I never said that,” Natasha replied in a perfect rendition of their conversation a long time ago.
“Stark!” Bucky’s voice has a sense of urgency as it reaches him. He watches the man gesture to his ear as T’Challa’s clawing at what’s left of the bots.
am I supposed to —“
“I’ve been subjected to really bad influences recently. Authority-defying, bratty and whiny people,” he explained.
“Talk dirty to me, Cap,” the scientist said and made grabby hands at Steve’s dick.
Tony's bed was huge. Tony's fingers were glorious. And Steve was just about having the best birthday ever.
thought we were mid-battle here,” Natasha chips in, tone short and
Nine. “Steve once hugged me on top of a building and it was better than cookies.” Steve was now clutching the armchair, trying to stay put. Ten. “Steve Rogers smells like summer evenings and I -” He downed his shot, and swatted at Natasha’s shoulder lightly. “Pepper told you, didn’t she?”
As a general rule, Steve could go with almost no sleep at all. Sure, he felt tired, but it wasn’t a tragedy. He tried to keep a balanced life, tried to sleep enough and eat right, and exercise - all of which Bucky called overkill, and used to mock him endlessly. Steve remembered what it was like to feel like no air would ever enter his lungs again, or how it felt to not be able to jog for ten feet. So Steve was grateful, and honestly? he actually liked salads and working out. Bucky mocked him for that too, saying that it was natural he liked it when he already had the body for it. Steve punched him then, and all was good in the world again.
“My baby,” Tony coos at Wanda. “Look at her, all grown up and grumpy.” He flies them to where the girl is hovering, the fire contained in a huge bubble while she’s throwing energy balls towards the bots. Below her, the firefighters work relentlessly.
Steve shrugged. “Sometimes I think I still have asthma. You know, like… before.”
It was just short of embarrassing, but nothing he couldn’t rationalise later when he had the time and inclination. He sat on the armchair, box forgotten for now. Tony’s eyes followed him keenly, far more attentively than Steve had expected, although why it would come as a surprise, he didn’t know. Tony would always do this, focus solely on him, often at the expense of others. One of his hands went back to cupping himself, slowly inching the fabric down until the head of his cock peeked from under the band. He couldn’t help his moan when his thumb circled the head and rubbed gently at the moist slit.
“Nice try,” she said and handed him a shot. “And say honest stuff!”
Steve moved lower on the chair, opening his legs as far as they could go. Then he did as Tony said and – “Oh! Yes, fuck!” The sixth bead pushed the others around enough that one of them, Steve really didn’t care which or how, brushed his prostate. He keened loudly, gripping the remaining two beads and the hoop at the end hard and twisting them.
“You used to be such a nice girl, Pepper,” Tony said, sliding the sweater over his head. He emerged with crazy hair and a scowl. When he rolled it down his torso, the knitted Grinch on it was his spitting image. “What happened?”
“Again, you’re rich, it doesn’t mean much that you’d pay if it wouldn’t put a dent in-”
The fourth time Steve was left speechless by how attractive Tony was, the surrounding smell of farm should have been a turn off. But Steve’s sense of sight decided to be superior to all his other senses, and despite him being a city boy thrown in new territory, his legs almost gave out as he struggled for words.
“Steeeve,” he heard Tony whine, still rubbing at the marks on the cabinet, trying to come to terms with the reality that the suite they were currently sharing housed an old massive tv until very recently.
“Fine. Tony…”
If Steve could pick a happy place, he was really spoilt for choice. It helped that he found peace in simple things, in pretty things, in quiet things. On top of that, any place that contained Tony in any way, shape, or form had quickly become a happy place for him. A meadow. A bookstore. Jazz in the background while he sat and finished up dinner with Tony. He really was a man of simple taste.
is the tree we’re having? It looks like Santa Claus vomited all over it and then decorated it some more.”
He tried really hard to shut up, but he couldn’t help himself. “You don’t know that,” he said quietly, hugging the goat closer to his chest.
“Doing what?” Steve sounded confused.
That seems to be the wrong thing to say. “Hear that, Stevie, 20! You’re what, 150 today?”
He pulls back immediately. “I missed you,” he whispers. When Steve smiles he has to shake his head to clear it. “Okay, okay, I’m ready. What do your elf eyes see?”
Thor bleated once more, hand reaching out to Bennu. She seemed to be hyper aware that someone might understand her.
“Of course I was listening, you stomped in and started scolding the shit out of me. I’ve been hard since I first realised you weren’t actually really mad at me, not like I feared.”
“Come on, Stark, you’re the only one who still won’t celebrate his birthday.”
“Who the hell is Martha? And do you know how much a real tree
“What part? Cause half of it is so obvious I could be blind and still see that -”
Tony took the head in his mouth - loosely, not even sucking on it yet, and Steve was certain he would die. The heat was gone as quickly as it came, and Steve’s eyes flew open. “Look at me,” he heard Tony instruct and he propped himself up on his elbows to watch. Satisfied with the audience, Tony went back to the task at hand. He moved his tongue out purposefully slow, thriving on the way Steve’s body shook with anticipation. Not taking his eyes off Steve’s, he lowered his tongue enough to lick into the leaking slit. Over his own moans, Steve heard him speak. “Tell me about the dream, darling.”
Steve was more nervous than before battle. Battles were routine, he trained for battles. They ran scenarios, sparred, tried to plan for unpredicted, and Steve was a soldier so battles gave him a rush of sorts. But this was new and horrible and Steve really wanted his shield.
Bucky:
“Batter!”
awkward. I mean, we do, cause I’m ancient and you fidget a lot, but,” and he kissed him, “but whatever it is, good or bad, you can tell me. Now or when you’re ready.”
he was doing it, but it was still an opportunity. Steve compartmentalised this new way he found to get Tony to never like him back for later.
Wanda:
He kissed his cheekbone. “Tell me about how you thought of me.” Steve groaned as Tony kissed him.
Drop me a line and let me know how you found it. Remember, if you don't have anything nice to say, make sure it's at least constructive. If it can't be constructive, shove it up your arse. Thanks for reading, much love xx
Too much. He’d said too much because he got comfortable. He’d underestimated how much he enjoyed Tony’s company. And now he’d basically come out and admitted that his main concern was Tony’s well being. No, this was absolutely great. Not mortifying or threatening to an already shaky friendship. The fireworks seemed to die down and Steve wondered if the colourful display was the closest he was going to get to being anything with Tony. Just that time, like stepping into a parallel universe where things weren’t horrible. And now that it was almost over, he would step back into his own universe, where he was a babbling idiot who could never overcome Tiny Steve. Tony was talking to him.
Fury clicked his tongue from Steve’s side and it spoke volumes about how distracted Steve actually was. “Aren’t you glad you’re their leader?”
Steve missed him as soon as he shut the bathroom door. It was stupid, he was perfectly aware. He decided to finally pay attention to the phone in his pocket, determined to try and keep his focus on something else. Their teammates had left them alone and Steve’s conclusion was that either they had been under repeated threats from Natasha, or Bucky hadn’t run his mouth, which overall was a wholesome sentiment, but he doubted it. He almost dropped his phone when it rang.
“You okay ?”
“Sweetheart, I know you try to avoid it as much as you can but you can’t forever.”
“No Tony I sincerely don’t know. I want us to talk about it to find a way to overcome it.”
“Tony, baby, please... I know it’s hard for you, for the both of us but I think we need to talk about this.” Steve puts his hand over Tony’s to force him to look him straightly in the eyes.
“Good night Tony.” His voice was so low and reassuring, Tony wanted this sentence more than anything to be pronounced by Steve himself in his ear.
How can you love and hate someone this much at the same time ?
Tony’s life has been a huge mess since.. kinda forever but it dangerously increased since Steve almost killed him by shoving his shield in his chest or more like his reactor but for Tony it felt like he shoved it in his heart and chest.
It’s been six months since the last time Tony and Steve found themselves in the same room.
“So the next time I’m going to see you will be for our so-called first meeting after months.” He made quotations marks with his fingers which makes Steve laughs.
And they kissed, it tasted like a promise, the promise of a new beginning. Full of trust, with no lies. It will sure take time but they will take it.
“Hello Sir. No you don’t interrupt nothing. I was about to go. See you later Cap.” The Cap felt like a pinch in Steve’s heart. Tony wasn’t even looking at him anymore and  even when he left, he didn’t bother to turn  around one last time.
At the end, they finally agreed on something : Steve could stay but for now, he couldn’t leave the state unless there is some serious emergency and the better will be if he doesn’t leav too often the compound.
“Yes we are. We are stupid and on top of that in love.” Steve just said softly, almost like a whisper, then closed his eyes trying to listen to Tony’s breathe.
“You really think that seeing in this military suit doesn’t makes me hard and that I don’t crave to rip it off with my teeth.” Tony’s gaze transpires desire and if Steve could, he would have take him in the floor itself.
“Thanks Rhodes, yeah it’s definitely good to be back.” Steve really tried to not look at Tony because those words were aimed at him. It was good to be home, because it means that he and Tony could give their relationship another chance, that they could be a couple again and not just having sex in some motels.
“Yes I am drunk Steve.” His voice was loud almost yelling, he gets up from his barstool almost falling. “And yes it’s almost 4 in the morning and I’m calling my ex fiancé because I missed him. And you know what ? That’s pathetic.” Tony’s voice was self-critical. Steve doesn’t have time to respond. “I hate that I still think of you everyday Steve. I hate that when I want to go and sleep in my bed, I can’t because you’re not there and that made me go the workshop and tinker until I fall asleep from deprive. I hate it so much, it’s unbearable. I hate that I still love you. And I hate above everything that I could forgive you if you were in front of me.” He was biting harshly his lower lip to contain himself from crying. Not now. Not again, he was done crying for him.
“I can stay. I mean in America. Under certain conditions obviously.” Steve was balancing his weigh from one feet to another, he was feeling awkward.
Steve simply looks at him getting dressed, wishing that they will defeat Thanos as soon as possible.
“So how did it go ?” Natasha asked with a concerned look.
“That beard will never fail to turn me on.” Tony just said as a -subtle- way of changing the subject. He had enough of fighting over this with Steve, it’s behind them now. It’s not worthy to constantly bring back the past, it’s not calling the past for nothing.
Tony was already woken up because he could feel his fingers tracing geometrical forms on his chest. His thightens his hand that was curled up around Tony’s waist to made him aware that he was awake.
“God Steve. I think there’s a motel not far. Take me to it real quick or I’m going to became indecent.” Tony’s hand was gripping the knob of the case so hard to contain himself that his knuckles were starting to go white.
Tony was putting his shoes while Steve was putting his cap and sunglasses on, because let’s not forget, he was still an outlaw so it would be stupid to get caught.
Steve whispered to himself when he was gone “See you at home sweetheart.” Then he adjusted the cap on his head and left.
He was alone in the room thinking. Thinking about what ? He himself didn’t clearly knows, his head felt like a bowl of soup with all the noodles letters mixed not able to form a real, clear word. His thoughts were so dispersed between his appointment with the Secretary but also with all this story with Tony : are they back together ? Like together, together ? During the past months, they have had so much fun, so much sex but not so many serious discussions. Each times, the subject was brought, they -or more like Tony- was brushing it off. Steve understood completely that Tony was hurt by this, he was too, but they never really put theirs cards on the table and discussed for real. Steve was determined to have this discussion whether Tony wanted it or not. And if this went wrong, at least, they both will be at the same level.
They rest like this until it was time for them to leave. The conversation didn’t go any further after that.
Tony paused. For a second he seemed to want to keep going, but then he answered the question. “Some shithole of a website funded by a subsidiary of Hammer’s. They run aggressive propaganda against me and by extension against all of you. Pepper’s been siking our lawyers on them for years now. Steve—“
The tower was burning down. All over the place fire had broken out. He knocked on doors, trying his best to wake everyone up, shouting their names and telling them to evacuate. He hadn’t been able to find his shield so he left without it, with nothing to protect him from the licking flames. He could feel the heat on his arms, then enveloping him. He ran all the way to Tony’s lab, barefoot on the unbearably hot floors. Once there, he screeched at what he found.
Steve groaned. “Come on.”
“Not particularly hungry, but you guys enjoy now,” he said and smiled to try for some friendly demeanor as the he shut the door.
He reverted to his original idea, carefully laid out in his notebook. He spent the night googling and texting Pepper at odd hours with questions about the best places in New York to buy things without too much hassle. Bless her, she was more helpful than all of the Avengers combined. Someone had tried to offer him dinner, but Steve was in (what he identified on a bathroom break as) a teenage angst spree. He smiled at the thought that it was probably what Tony was calling it. And as annoyed as he was with the man, he still found it endearing. In all fairness, Steve was being uncharacteristically petulant. So what?
“Rhodes, I made that disappear from your record, I can bring it back.”
Tony was holding the stick in front of Steve’s face, looking straight ahead towards the people gathered next to the petting zoo. “You need the sugar,” he said simply.
With another long-suffering sigh betraying his age (he fleetingly thought this was all he did recently), Steve pulled his phone out.
But Tony laughed, held him even closer. “Consider it lifted. After your performance? Steve, I’ll agree to a ball. Like, evening attire, dancing, fancy hors d’oeuvre ball.”
“She kissed me, I was busy staring at you and feeling like a train hit me. Again,” he added without thinking.
He took Tony’s glasses off and put them down on the coffee table in front of them. He cupped the man’s cheek and kissed him once more. His brain couldn’t comprehend what was happening. He had dreamt about it for so long; the intimacy was almost painful with how tender and wholesome it was. His other hand snaked under Tony’s t-shirt, touching his waist fleetingly. He stared at the way the arc reactor lit his emblem in the poor light of the room. A strong feeling of possessiveness took over him.
“Nooo,” Steve insisted.
“Oh. Do I have to?” Steve asked quietly.
The goat bleated quietly then, the first she’d spoken at all. “Oh, god. Steve, we have a goat now,” Nat informed him.
Tony had jeans on, Steve noticed, his blood racing with appreciation. Denim blue, thick denim. They showcased his strong thighs, leading to –
. Buzzfeed had a field day over his little incursion in dissenting. He gave up on Twitter entirely and just stopped all notifications. He texted one of the group chats letting them know he’s fine, and then texted Bucky separately reiterating that he is indeed fine.
Steve was certain he would either pass out or just run away when he saw Tony snag some mistletoe and rush to join their standing puppy pile. He switched the phone to front camera and inserted himself into the photo op. His lips puckered somewhere at Steve’s jaw, and for days after he could swear he felt them actually touch his skin.
“Duck,” was all Darcy managed and laughed again. He just accepted that she was insane and moved deeper into the tree market.
“So you’re ignoring your duties, then?” Steve asked with a smile.
Steve did at once, shifting lower in the seat once more. Tony resumed the kisses, moving on the inside of his thighs, on the curve of his butt cheeks. Steve sighed contentedly. Then Tony pulled him closer, parted his cheeks further, and he was lapping at Steve’s hole. Every now and then he would press his tongue inside before licking the rim. It was sloppy and wet and it felt so good, Steve thought nothing of his shameless moaning.
Tony’s hands shoot up to placate him. “I’m innocent, see? I’m just here on your orders, trying to help them and they’re being bratty and –”
Steve’s face hardened and he opened his mouth to reply. A police officer who was overseeing the movement away from the deflagration stepped in then. “Sir,” he said, accent present but voice commanding. “Please go and join the other journalists before you get trampled by our emergency team.”
They stood together for a while. It didn’t feel out of place under the smoke smell still lingering around them. On the streets below, people were happy, and Steve allowed himself the tiniest inkling of hope that perhaps the two of them could be happy as well.
Nat just raised her eyebrow. “Why do you think it’s that important to us?” Ah, yes. The self-appointed leader of the small group.
“You’re a rational being who I don’t currently want to punch,” he said instead of hello.
The smile he received in return made it worth it, he decided. It was difficult to explain, especially with a hazy mind that was solely focused on Tony Tony Tony pleasure loving Tony and Tony. It was difficult to explain, but he accepted it, confident in their prior negotiations, in the lengthy conversations they had had, in the rush he got at a caring, somewhat dominant Tony, in the peaceful feeling of submitting to this wonderful man. He’d read up on it, analysed it clinically, then with a bias, then shared his findings with Tony. He’d touched on it with his therapist, the power dynamics. It was important, she’d said, that there was communication and understanding, which Steve was happy and proud to report they’d ensured.
“Nope!”
“What a surprise!” he laughed.
