He ignored his forearms for a while, thinking about the case, but it was a new problem he wanted to solve – the wounds were healed. Why were they like this?
Where could he have gone? His phone buzzed, temporarily distracting him as he grabbed it out and saw a message from Lestrade. Something about John messaging to say to give him updates directly again a while back – and that there’d been another murder.
“Why’s the air hazy?” Watson asked, coughing lightly as he put the groceries away quickly to escape the danger zone that was their kitchen. And most of their flat.
“Decoy spots – of course you’d suspect there were only twelve, why would do you a thirteenth one? It’s not linear in your brain, thirteen doesn’t look nice, and so you assume it was only twelve. Neck, wrists, bottoms of the feet, inner elbows… but nothing was found in the bloodstream. Because the murderer wasn’t aiming for the bloodstream. Don’t you see?” Sherlock said, grinning like a madman. Lestrade shook his head. Sherlock looked expectantly at Watson, who just shrugged.
“No, the guy seemed to have died from a heart attack – injection spots all over him again but no poison administered.”
“He’s been out for too long.” John said into the phone, putting his jacket on as he headed towards the door.
“Yeah, no kidding.” John scoffed, leaning forward to watch him. Holmes was almost unmoving – unusual for his thinking. Usually he paced, waved his arms about, talked loudly. His voice was almost soft now, one hand holding a slice of bread idly by his chest, and the other in the pocket of his pants. “Sherlock, you alright?” John asked, standing up. “You seem… not yourself.”
Sherlock’s eyes opened. He stared at the ceiling, squinting at first because the sun had just risen and it was making the room blindingly white. The place smelled of cleaning chemicals and latex. The hospital. Sherlock heard the beeping of the heart monitor and saw the drip bags. He looked to his left, looking out the window as he heard distant sirens outside. He heard chatter outside the room, and gentle breathing.
“It’d have to be someone with access to the rooms – a doctor or a nurse.” Holmes confirmed, tilting his head. “It’s the most probable – so I’m settling on it.”
“Not an option – I want to solve this case on my own. It’s a big one, and it’d prove to him I don’t need his help.”
Tomorrow came briskly. “Six days!” Holmes chirped, his voice sounding much more pleasant than usual. John noticed the difference between his usual voice, being grim and low, sometimes even growly, and now – now his voice was flying slightly higher than usual and had fluctuations like never before.
“Yes. And who are you?” Sherlock called back, the sound of rain hardly subdued by the thin, cracking walls – instead of a pounding rain it was more of a shadow of a storm; right there, but still very present.
John opened his mouth, looking over at Sherlock, but decided to close it again as he saw his swelled up, concentrated gaze locked outside the windshield.
“You’ve waited much too long to help the swelling much, but we can help the pain. I’ll get you some ice.”
He tried calling Sherlock, but got no answer. He figured he must be too busy to pick up – onto something… maybe the murder had happened – he was already there, at the scene.
“Quite.” Sherlock said, standing up suddenly, his tea just about splashing out of its cup. “I don’t understand how a song that I must’ve heard on the radio caused you to get out of bed to listen to it. You were clearly agitated with my playing just prior to that song, why get up? I thought you were cross.”
“A doctor? After me?” Holmes cackled, walking back towards he window, his slice of bread placed half-eaten on the counter, probably not to be touched again. “Don’t be ridiculous – there has to be a motive.”
Holmes got tired of this conversation, grabbing another Petri dish and pulling another piece of the stuff from the wall to try again. Watson had grabbed the microscope during that time and was holding it awkwardly, but steadily.
“It’s a timer – it’s counting down, when it runs out we’ll get no more information and the game will be over – I lose. No rematch, no restart, no reset. Done.”
“Sherlock.” She said, looking up at him now. “How are you and John?” She asked, making Holmes’s brain whirr into action – how were John and him? What had happened? He had been quite cold that morning; almost hostile.
John went for a walk to clear his head. This time he didn’t go to talk to anyone, he just went. He walked here and there, expecting a phone box to ring at any moment and Mycroft to ask what was going on. Surely he’d know that he was… off.
“Sherlock? Are you listening to me?” Watson asked, his voice calmer now that he’d gotten used to the black-and-blue faced Sherlock in his white dress shirt and black dress pants. And no socks or shoes to be seen.
“How could you think that? I’m your best friend – I would never do such a thing! You should know this.” He said, sounding much more emotional than usual.
Sherlock walked out the door, leaving Watson in shock at this reaction for about thirty seconds. He was about to get up to grab a bite when Sherlock’s head popped back through the doorway, inviting him to come along. Watson quickly accepted.
Holmes didn’t understand why Molly said this would help – now he was just confused as to why John was so angry at him, and yet he was angry because he cared. That made no sense – he made no sense.
No, he could not think of this now. He put his fingers to his temples and rubbed small circles, going back to the murderer. Motive – what was it? You don’t go around killing people for nothing, taking out organs for nothing. That acid was intricate – you don’t make it for nothing. This was thought out thoroughly, and Holmes had yet to find where it began. If he could just figure out an order – other than the reversed counting – he could possibly move forward.
White, jagged flesh made its way up both arms – from just below the palm to the crook of his elbow on both sides. It was hardly precise, but it wasn’t shaky either. It was the stitching job that made it look horrid – Holmes’s cuts were straight as an arrow, as you’d expect. John stared at it, then ran his thumb along each one, watching for flinching – to see if it was still tender. It was hardly red anymore – just a slight lingering of it.
He woke up the next morning rather refreshed, only to be startled fully awake when he saw Sherlock, the swelling on his face having gone down slightly, but the bruising having doubled in darkness.
He decided to turn on the telly and watch the news for a bit, bringing out his laptop to start on a new post. He started typing away about Sherlock’s pacing, leaving out his extreme excitement, but keeping his interest. He wouldn’t post it until it’d been solved though, so he just left it there, closing the laptop and focusing back on the telly.
“Haven’t seen him, no… are you two in a spat? I only ask because he left in quite a hurry; got in a cab and was on the phone, like you usually are, but he looked right bent about something.” Mrs. Hudson said, walking over to look out the window.
“Not sure.” Sherlock replied, his eyes flicking back and forth when suddenly he grinned, closed the program, stood, and left the room.
“I thought you’d have left and come back without me – you’d already have the details.” John said, frowning at his estranged flat mate.
“No, too risky, this one’s too smart.” Sherlock said, shaking his head as he stood and started pacing back and forth through the lounge. “He cornered the victim without him trying too hard to escape, hence the lack of external damage to his body. In a “
“I still don’t understand – someone played some tricks on him or something.” Sherlock said, his frown deep. Watson hummed so Sherlock knew he was listening.
He got back to the flat, walking in immediately and checking to see if he was there. Not a sign that he’d been back – kettle still idle on the stove and tea out of the cupboard, left on the counter untouched. He walked over and wondered how he could’ve left it half-finished. Surely it would’ve bothered him. Holmes would go to the length of even saying it would’ve “irked” him.
“To show us what he can do.” Holmes said, clapping loudly. “He’s been showing off – he’s been showing off!”
“I thought you might like to accompany me. Shall we?” He repeated, thrusting the jacket toward him again.
When John comes back. Holmes’s mind whirred at the thought – why wouldn’t he come back? So far both Molly and Mrs. Hudson have made a hint as to him not returning for some unspoken reason. Holmes sat on the couch and stewed as before, all thoughts of the case temporarily forgotten in his childish ignorance. He’d simply hurt John’s feelings, but he hardly knew he’d done such a thing.
This case had proved to be difficult. One murder at a time, technically committed at very different times, coming into order – with the number of puncture wounds being used for reference – as 11, 7, 8, 4, 9, 10, 1, 2, 3, 12. It really made no sense, and their biggest lead was that they all had been to the hospital within the last two months.
“Right, so no pin-point there.” John sighed. “There’s no pin-points anywhere. Are we sure it’s even a doctor?”
He put books back on shelves, dishes in the sink; he left Sherlock’s papers and equipment alone, but cleaned and dusted around them.
Sherlock shushed Watson whenever he tried to ask what he was doing, and complained when he turned on the telly, so he decided to go out and get some groceries himself.
“No thanks, I’ll ask Molly.” Holmes said, bursting through the door and heading down the hallway to find Molly – she’d know. And Holmes had seen John go pale again so he was hoping if he got there fast enough he could quickly ask Molly what she thought – someone who felt things severely should know.
“Shh, Sherlock, look at me.” He said, continuing to say his name until they locked eyes. “You’re fine. It was just to help you breathe.” He said, instinctively putting his hand on his friend’s face. “You’re alive.” He choked, his eyes stinging and his throat tightening. “Oh my god, I thought…” He whispered, sinking back into his chair in shock as nurses came in to help Sherlock and adjust the amount of support he was on.
“Sherlock Holmes, you were meant not to do this kind of thing!” Watson yelled, his face contorting in temporary anger.
“Sherlock? Where are you?” Watson asked loudly, looking in all the rooms once more – he hadn’t thought to check the bathroom though. He knocked on the door. “Sherlock, you in there?” He asked, tapping the door again with his knuckles.
“No… that’s fine, it’s just a light.” Watson frowned, following him into the kitchen. He eyed up the tall, too-thin detective in front of him, his frown deepening. It’s just about sweltering outside for this time of year and here he is in a full suit – for show for Jordan, possibly, but not likely. After all, he wore a sheet to greet the queen. He stared at his forearms through the suit sleeves for a moment, squinting to see if there were dark spots or wetness.
Holmes left the room, leaving John to stare after him, wondering if he was just having some kind of breakdown over not being able to solve this one. He sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. Life in this flat was becoming unbearable.
“You’re interfering with my concentration on the case – tell me if something’s bothering you.” He said, sounding hardly compassionate or empathetic.
John was in the kitchen with the kettle on for the first time in four days. He listened to it boil eagerly, letting it reach its peak before pouring it into the respective cups, over the teabags, and watching the water bleed.
“Are you sure you aren’t… not telling me something?” Watson asked, his eyes widening as Sherlock put the kettle on – why was he doing this so frequently now?
Holmes talked to himself the whole cab ride back to 221B, wondering why he didn’t ask about the bodies again while he was there and how knowing what was wrong would help. I guess the prospect of knowing in itself would soothe his raging thoughts.
“Well, John, I need to test alcohol levels.” Holmes said later that night, getting up from the couch suddenly. “Care to join me?”
But suddenly the tossing stopped, so Sherlock stopped playing to listen to what he was doing. In the middle of the song, Watson was getting up.
But Watson was a doctor. An army doctor that knew when there was no hope. And this seemed to be one of those cases – sporadic breathing, splotchy, pale skin with severely dark wounds, the heart monitor going opposite the breathing – not that he knew that from being an army doctor, but he figured something was off with that.
“So, what’d you find then?” John asked, his eyes closed as he sighed heavily, listening to Holmes bustle about in the kitchen, pacing and mumbling to himself. “Sherlock?” He inquired, looking behind him. Holmes was busy, walking around the table, changing directions whenever he had a contradictory thought.
“Of course, of course!” Sherlock repeated, a smile on his face once more. Watson didn’t protest, knowing continuing to do so would do absolutely nothing.
John was with Lestrade, calling Sherlock’s name with the mob. His was much more frequent and panicked, as he’d let him go off alone on the day the murder was to happen. He didn’t take the hints – the last few days, sight-seeing, going to the pub, eating. Sherlock was preparing to die.
He sat there thinking in circles for a good two hours while he typed up a blog post about not worrying too much as it would do no good, and then Holmes was on the case. He checked the time and decided to call Holmes. He took out his phone, but just as he started dialing the door opened.
“You aggravated him by not being yourself – he really doesn’t mind who you are… just sometimes you’re too outspoken, and at the wrong times… people are sensitive, Sherlock.” She said, her hands folded in her lap.
“Right.” John sighed, opening the door of the cab as they pulled up. They walked in, John plopping back into his original chair, sensing that they were out of groceries as his stomach rumbled. He was too agitated, however, to make any effort towards even thinking about take-away.
John put his hands on Sherlock’s upper arms, holding him there for a moment just to look at him. “It’s okay.” He repeated, everything he was in that moment projecting that what he said was true. Sherlock’s face relaxed out of its contorted discomfort as he realized that it was.
“So… be yourself. Keep investigating, next murder, just… invite him. Talk to him, include him, be yourself.” Molly smiled, and Holmes smiled back.
“Who knows?” Watson countered loudly, glaring at him now. “Tell me what you’re doing.” John adjusted his arms slightly, his eyes locked firmly on Holmes.
Holmes hummed, his eyebrows lowered as he watched John’s every movement until he finally succumbed and left for bed. It was dark now anyway – dusk passed quickly. “Just waiting on another murder…” He said to himself as he could hear the creaks of John’s bed. “Six days, starting tomorrow.”
“Where did you learn that song?” Watson asked, his face in a frown, but not an angry frown. More of a confused, thoughtful frown. Sherlock stared at his face for a moment, then shrugged.
“I… I thought the target was you.” Sherlock said, closing his eyes and then looking at John harshly. “There were small, hardly noticeable puncture wounds on the twelfth victim’s right arm, and it was a message.”
“About the light? Last time you were ashamed was when you smashed up your face – and you thought making that acid was fine!”
“Sherlock Holmes.” The voice rung around the dead space, echoing around the pillars and gunk. Graffiti littered the walls greedily, and the ground itself was a health hazard. But Sherlock knew this was where he was meant to be, and so did he.
“If such a man wanted to do that then why wouldn’t he cover his tracks?” Watson recapped, realizing Sherlock wouldn’t stop until he got some resolve.
“So now that he’s learned that it caused irritation to the skin he would’ve perfected it – his real victim would have a miniscule puncture wound on the stomach and deteriorating bowels – slightly faster than normal after death.” Sherlock started ranting, his tongue moving hardly slow enough for Watson to understand.
Sherlock refused to answer any of Lestrade’s questions, but as soon as John and him got into a cab and Lestrade was gone he started talking.
“No, no, it’s fine, he can be overbearing most of the time – is that all you said?” He asked, wondering if she’s said anything about waiting for him, being nice and considerate for once in his damn life.
“Heard it somewhere. Maybe on telly.” He said, turning back to face the window, placing the bow back on the strings.
John sat on his chair, seeing there was that day’s newspaper on his armrest. He picked it up, flipping it open to take a peek. Another murder – just yesterday – he wondered about the puncture wounds, if there were seven like Holmes had predicted. He sighed, closing the newspaper promptly, getting up and going to the fridge – the rules were still stuck to the exterior like he’d hoped. And the tea he’d started yesterday was left untouched as well. It was still on the counter – tea in the kettle, tea bags in the box next to the cup he’d taken out.
... but you didn’t. So here we are.” He said, sliding the bow absent-mindedly across the strings, his left eye slightly swollen from the bruise on his face.
“Maybe, but that can’t be the only reason – everyone has a reason to kill someone, it’s not leisure – it gives you no satisfaction unless you have something against the person.”
“Sherlock,” She says slowly, taking a deep breath, making Holmes roll his eyes at the extremity of her speech speed. “How are you and John?”
“Molly, nothing is working, John is just as irrational as ever.” Holmes said, pacing back and forth in front of Molly. This time instead of putting down her work she continued, figuring he would be here for a while just ranting. She nodded, listening to everything he had to say. “He’s – he doesn’t understand, he thought I was being ridiculous to care about him at all – he thought I was joking.” He said, seeming more upset over it than anyone would expect he could be.
“Sherlock?” He called out; no response. He threw his head back, rolling his eyes as he stood. He put down his cup, going towards the door. He threw his jacket on, pulling his shoes onto his feet as he hopped out the door to hail a cab. Sherlock had been speedy and purposefully left as soon as Watson wasn’t paying attention; that much was clear.
“I thought you threw that out?” Watson called after him as he strode down the hallway at a fast pace.
“Yes, and nothing seemed to have been taken, but of course that’s hard to say. But taking blood, even like that, shouldn’t’ve been enough to kill ‘im. Plus, he still had most of his blood when we found ‘im.”
He was long. He was very long – he was out for hours. In the fall the sun starts setting earlier, so John nor Sherlock could judge the time that way, and it didn’t help that a massive rainstorm had moved in and knocked out the power. John was left in the dark with his watch to tell the time, but he wasn’t exactly sure what time he’d gone – he hadn’t realized it was exactly noon when he’d left.
“Good.” Holmes said as he went a completely different direction as soon as they got inside. John took the cue and went the other way, going into closets and staff rooms when on one was looking, having his papers on him if he needed an excuse.
“You’re welcome.” Holmes replied after a few seconds, making John pause, nod, and continue to dig through the food and shove as much into his mouth as he could swallow.
All was done and he felt as if his personality had gone out the window – he’d never done that much cleaning in his life. He wasn’t an extremely organized person by heart – he usually left it unless he was bored out of his mind, or his soldier instincts were kicking in.
“I don’t think so.” John said, picking up a newspaper and clearing his throat, starting to read over it. Holmes stared for another moment, and then continued his frantic, thoughtful pacing.
“I went to stay with a friend for the night.” John responded, wondering if this was why he was being quiet. “I thought I should give you some space – seemed like you needed it.”
“Well, I know who I’m going to to keep my secrets.” John smiled, thanking her for her help before leaving to follow Holmes. He was waiting outside by the cab, having not left without him this time.
he make sure? With another victim? Maybe this was the test.” Watson sighed, walking into the kitchen – maybe some food magically appeared overnight.
“I heard my name, and something about the case.” John said, his hands still by his sides. “Alright, fine, I was the one who needed a break, I just… this case is overwhelming, you’re overwhelming. You don’t listen to me. You don’t…”
“John,” Holmes started, putting his hands in his pockets, which he never did, as when he was thinking he liked to wave them around and emphasize his words. “I have a dilemma.” He said, his eyes snagging on John’s knee, then darting anywhere but at his figure sitting in the chair.
“Yeah, what’s enough for him to make an acid, then not use it as he just went around stealing organs from these poor guys, and then go back to making acid?”
Watson nodded, closing the cupboard. He started thinking about tea from the smell of Sherlock’s - it smelled quite good. Maybe that’d make a good breakfast.
“Right, how are those hints though?” John questioned, his eyebrows lowered in confusion as he tried to follow what Sherlock was saying.
“Right…” Watson mumbled, rubbing his hand over his mouth, lingering on his chin. “Where are you now, Sherlock?”
Holmes wasn’t sure what had happened to John earlier that evening – he’d gone pale as he watched Holmes pace and denied feeling ill. Holmes wasn’t quite sure what had happened – there was nothing shocking happening so it couldn’t’ve been that. He wasn’t easily scared – the last time he’d seen him so pale was when he’d woken up in the hospital – John had blended in with the overly-clean white walls of the hospital. Holmes could hardly see him with his blurry vision when he woke.
They got to the office and Holmes immediately took his jacket off – knowing he’d be staying a while – and rolled up his sleeves, putting latex gloves over his fingers. John tried hard not to look at his forearms; Holmes had been stitched up crudely to make sure he’d stop losing blood. That made the scars jagged and lopsided, and painstakingly obvious.
They approached a large building that was damaged and defiled, and John went running. Lestrade ordered his men to run in first, but John was faster. His feet carried him through the mud and under the roof of the building. “Sherlock!” He yelled, walking quickly throughout the building. “Sherlock, where are you?” He howled, his voice cracking.
“What?” John questioned, but got no answer as Sherlock promptly got up and left the room. John was then left to sit in his confused silence. He continued reading the paper; his eyes wandering down to a headline – Rapid Serial Murdering – John put down the paper and ran towards the window to see Sherlock getting into a taxi. Wonderful – now he was left to look up the details, as he was sure Sherlock would’ve asked him to if he wasn’t in such a hurry.
“No, no, not that – that’s not enough for this man, they did something to him; something personal… but what?”
Holmes paused, looking down at his arms, then immediately rolling down his sleeves as his own face went dead. “It was an experiment – nevermind that. I have a question about the victims now.” He said, making Molly hesitantly nod. “How many puncture wounds were on each?”
“John,” He rasped, coughed, and his eyes closed. Blood was running down his front, his arms, his legs – it was everywhere. Sherlock’s’ breathing decreased in speed until it was hardly a breath a minute. Other medics came in and policemen searched the area for the killer, nothing turning up. Not a single piece of evidence Not a footprint, a drop of blood; nothing.
Holmes’s mind worked at half its usual speed, as well, because half of it was occupied by John’s strange behavior. There he was, on his laptop, eyes closed and fingers to his temples. He found it frustrating he couldn’t concentrate on the case – he wanted to badly. He just wasn’t sure how. How do you expel the thoughts of someone?
“I’ve had the tea you’ve made, which I appreciate, and Mrs. Hudson has been throwing food at me whenever you leave.” He said, glancing up from under his eyelashes.
“Not insane – no, a genius! He’s thrown us so far off his trail because of little pointers that lead nowhere – the extra puncture wounds, the two victims that were unwilling and inevitably died, the recent organ-stealing murders – it’s all just been throwing us off.”
“I’ll look for acid.” John said, glancing at Holmes. “I’m better at cover-up stories than you. And you’re better at questions.”
The doorbell rang, and Holmes immediately ran down, shocking John out of his sleepy-haze. “What are you doing?” He called, hearing light chatter at the door. The door closed, causing John to look down the stairwell and see Holmes coming back up with bags in both hands.
“Got it,” John nodded, and then looked back up at Lestrade – he would look anywhere but at Holmes. “How many other puncture wounds?”
“What do you mean?” Watson asked, raising an eyebrow as he sipped his own cup. “I just remember that song from when I was young, brought me back I suppose.”
He decided he’d work on the murder for the day- to try to avoid arousing the suspicion of John, since he was quite good at picking up social cues, and any sort of personal behavior that Holmes thought he was much too good at mimicking to be found out. Turns out he wasn’t good enough for John though.
He stopped in for fish and chips, had at least four cups of coffee before leaving, left a tip on the table and knocked upon his friend’s door with an awkward smile upon his face. “Four nights?”
“Look… I want to know why you can’t focus, too, and I want to help you focus because damn it Sherlock, people are dying.” John said, gesturing toward the window, assumedly to resemble the world outside theirs.
Tracking Sherlock’s phone wasn’t easy as it’d been bugged and the location bounced around, but it bounced between one location and many, so they took a shot. That location was about three miles off, as Sherlock’s phone was taken from him. They found it and had a search party put together, and then another, and then another, and they all went frantically searching for the man.
Okay! It's Done! The whole thing is done now, and who'd have guessed... I never expected the song to be so prominent but having read through it again I realized it is quite a prominent factor in the story. Hence why the names of the chapters are based upon the lyrics of the lullaby (that I grew up with). I hope everyone liked it, and I'm planning to write shorts soon as what comes after since I did... cut it short... at the end there... and I want more, just as much as anyone who makes it this far probably will. So there will be shorts coming soon and it will be announced somehow - keep your eyes out for that if you're interested. Thanks again for reading - it really means a lot. <3
“No, freeze. He froze on the spot, but why?” He asked, pacing once more after a brief pause. “What was so frightening to him that he froze? Had no reaction at all? Or was it just traumatic enough that he couldn’t react one way or the other – something from his past?”
Sherlock returned two hours later with his eye considerably more swollen once more – the bruising had gone down but the swelling had returned. John just stared at him, then got up to get some frozen peas. He handed them to Sherlock, who was busy looking through a microscope and wouldn’t take them. John rolled his eyes, holding the frozen peas to Sherlock’s swollen face.
Holmes hummed, seemingly understanding. “Right. I’ve been the same way – not many days left, so many people to be murdered and there’s no way to tell who, or how to stop it. Can really put a damper on the mental state, can’t it?” Holmes said, making John freeze, his eyes trained on Holmes.
He’d killed Sherlock. He’d let him out of his sight on the day they were expecting murder, not having seen the signs of Sherlock letting go, and he let him go on his own. John felt full responsibility for it, and nothing could change that.
But just as he was about to drift off he heard Sherlock’s violin once more. At first he only worried that his chin was resting on the instrument, which had significant bruising and minor swelling, but then he recognized the song. The same one from the night previous.
“Mrs. Hudson!” He yelled suddenly, just as John was about to stand. She came down in a hurry, wondering if there was a break-in or something. “I need the floor-plans for the flat.” Mrs. Hudson nodded, making John question once again how Mrs. Hudson was such a contradictory person – she was so sweet, and yet had so many things you would never expect.
John turned around then, looking around the kitchen – everything was untouched. Nothing had moved. It was as if Holmes was just a pigment of his imagination – like he didn’t even exist. Nothing had changed for a whole day. That was entirely unheard of in this flat.
“I always have my windows bolted.” John sighed, putting his hands on the table as he watched his flat mate enjoy the stress-level that was bubbling around him. “It comes with being a soldier.”
“What’s the motive? Who’s he trying to get?” Lestrade asked as Sherlock clicked through so many records at a time John could hardly read the name of the patient before he’d moved on.
“For kicks!” Holmes yelled back sarcastically, gesturing at the table as he lost his patience for John’s questioning, indicating he should put down the microscope.
He spent a full week next to his comatose friend, staring at his pale skin and watching in deadened silence as nurses came in to check on him, check his drip, take their notes and leave again.
“I’d doubt that. That’d be tremendously unavailing.” Sherlock mumbled, then added; “And ambitious. That’d be quite a development of events – do you think that’s really what’s happening?” Sherlock asked, turning his attention to Watson fully for more than a few seconds, not watching his hands as he continued to fiddle with whatever it was he was making.
“Not sure, haven’t heard from him. Only Greg has heard from him.” Molly replied, having to half-jog to keep up with Holmes’s brisk pace.
Red. Red everywhere – there was red everywhere. In a couple jars, and all over the floor. And all over Sherlock.
Holmes stood there, stationary again, but this time his eyes moved, flitting about. They didn’t lock on anything, just moved sporadically left and right, up and down, the rest of him frozen in time. “Right.” He said, turning back around to go in his original-planned direction.
“No, you can’t Sherlock.” Watson interrupted, feeling his body become tense with anger, sadness, and relief that Sherlock was back to his normal self – to his usual state of mind without the confused stuttering and… confusion. “You can’t take care of yourself – you proved that when you…”
“That’s what your counting on? A cliché?” John asked, coughing up his confidence and throwing it in the trash.
There was a list of the guidelines on the fridge, which he read aloud to Sherlock at least once a week to remind him. Sherlock always groaned loudly, liking Watson to that of his mother. But Watson couldn’t care, since he had just about killed himself with one of his ‘experiments’ and wouldn’t stand for it.
He popped out, saying he was going to go check the bodies again and John could keep working on whatever he was working on.
“The murderer created the perfect serum to kill someone, but no one has died yet. Not of natural causes, anyway.” Sherlock mumbled, his voice sounding rattily and robotic through the mask.
Watson sat there in silence, waiting for him to be done. But he stopped paying attention for a mere moment, having blanked out, and when he came back to Sherlock was nowhere to be seen.
“What does counting down do for you?” John asked, standing beside his chair in anticipation of Holmes’s answer.
Holmes, at this point, was like a broken trinket John kept out of sentiment. Or something like that. That analogy was a bit possessive. But it worked all the same – because Holmes wasn’t like a child to John like he had once been, where he wanted to care for and nurture him, and he also pissed him off endlessly and never gave any thanks. It was different now. Holmes was different. He went off and didn’t self-destruct like he used to, he isn’t buzzing about this case like he had been with Moriarty – it made no sense. This case was a boatload of everything Holmes usually enjoyed – mystery, dead-ends – and a lot of them – all these strange murders that are connected loosely by puncture points and counting rhythmically and yet the murders were committed out of sequence.
“Because he’s trying too hard – same reason why he went to three different people for the organs instead of taking them all from one. They’re large organs we’d notice went missing, so why get them from three different people?”
“Why would the guy even want different blood types?” John asked, following him into the lounge after he’d spoken like a crazy man for long enough. He’d made tea in that time – that’s just about a new record for how long Sherlock spoke to himself at hyper speed.
John went to the kitchen to try his hand at cooking – he’d not done any proper cooking in a while, so may as well start with eggs. He threw some in a pan, realizing immediately he forgot to grease it first. He groaned, throwing butter on top, hoping it’d help.
“There’ve been panicked comments on my blog.” John sighed, looking over to Holmes after several hours. “People are scared it’s going to be them next – that Sherlock Holmes will never find the murderer and humanity will be doomed.”
They made it to the hospital in record time taking a cab and they ran inside with Lestrade on their tail as they asked for access to medical records of all the patients that had been in within the last six months. The lady begrudgingly agreed to take them to the file room and have the file keeper guide them through the patients.
They arrived back at 221B and John immediately started asking questions. “What is up with you?” He asked, crossing his arms, even though Molly had given him big hints as to why he was so… normal… but he wanted to know what Holmes had to say about it.
“Sherlock!” Watson called, standing sternly in the kitchen with his fists balled at his sides. “I told you no unauthorized experiments – what is this?”
“Yes, with people.” He said, then frowned, realizing she dealt with dead people in her work. “Alive people.” He added, nodding to himself.
“I’ll be there in a bit.” He said, hanging up, then jumping into the air and thrusting his fist above his head. He cheered and hooted for a moment, his pacing increasing in speed, his mouth unable to keep up with his mind as he voiced his thoughts aloud. “Oh, a good case! A good murder - and of natural causes; it must be murder if Lestrade thinks so, right?” Sherlock said as he pulled his jacket over his arms.
“Oh, please.” Holmes dismissed, waving his hand and his face scrunching up in pure disapproval. “I’m hardly a target – and why wouldn’t they just come for me? Why kill all these other people first?”
Watson woke the next morning to the sound of gentle pacing in the lounge. He made his groggy way to the washroom, ignoring Sherlock’s discontentedness for the moment to go freshen up. When he emerged, he was greeted once more with gentle pacing. He accepted the fact that Sherlock was waiting for him so he could rant and went out – Mrs. Hudson had put away Sherlock’s skull, as it was “rude to have out in the open like that”.
John laughed as he started doing impressions of Mrs. Hudson from when he’d first met her, and “Guido” with his unsolvable cases. John laughed, finding it funnier than it actually was.
Then he saw him. “Oh my god.” He whispered to himself, running to the figure on the ground, just a pile of trench coat and blood. “Sherlock, Sherlock, look at me.” He said, taking his pulse. His heart was beating, but slowly, and his breathing was fast and shallow. His eyes hardly opened upon hearing his name.
“Are you serious?” John asked, a smile on his face, but it wasn’t one of happiness. He couldn’t believe what he was hearing. “I’m working just fine, thank you.” He said, pouring just-boiled water into his cup. He left Holmes’s empty.
“Thank you, John.” Sherlock said quietly before John came out of the kitchen with two cups of tea on saucers, each with a couple biscuits.
“Well… this case has gotten a bit out of hand – I can’t solve it. And there’s a week left. One week. Seven days. One hundred and seventy four hours, to be precise.” He tilted his head, then sniffed harshly, seeming a bit fidgety.
John came out of the washroom and slumped into his chair, his shirt clinging to his damp skin and his shoulders being dripped upon by his hair. Holmes frowned and stood, pacing as he had been the night previous.
“So, this man must have something against every single one of these victims – but do they have a common friend? A common doctor? A common classmate?”
“I’m not sure.” He said, not trying to walk around her anymore. He figured she’d step aside when she’d gotten the answer she wanted.
“Why do you enjoy remembering to be ill? Being ill is the worst thing to remember, I don’t understand. You’re not making any sense.” Sherlock complained, placing down his tea to start pacing back and forth, his hands folded beneath his chin as his eyes darted around. “John, I don’t understand!” He cried when nothing added up even though he was walking now.
“He’s counting down – six more to go. Any calls, Lestrade?” Holmes asked, and Lestrade checked his phone.
“I swear, he sounded normal – his voice sounded… normal. He was obviously in discomfort, but he was never one to let on he was in pain or that he was upset. I thought it was just another bad headache – until he mentioned his stomach. I debated food poisoning, but he was careful about his food. Paranoid, even, that someone had poisoned it or something.”
“Everyone’s wrong sometimes.” John said, and when Sherlock scoffed his face dropped. “Sherlock.” He said, waiting until Sherlock looked at him, and then waited a little more. “Everyone’s wrong sometimes.” He said firmly, leaning his elbows on his knees. “Even you. Even me.”
“Well, mother, let me explain.” Holmes sassed, exaggerating the motion of pushing hair out of his face. “I was just mixing up a spell to make your damn rules go away!” Holmes exploded, a frown set deep into his features.
“You never compliment me – I figure you want something from me… So I thought I’d get it out of the way.” She replied, her hands flexing awkwardly at her sides as she held eye contact with Holmes.
John had been the most right, however. Nothing about this was predictable – this was a serial killer. Sherlock liked to over-complicate things in his boredom. But this man killed one way for a time, then got bored on poor number twelve because he’d been using the same old tactic this whole time and his own work seemed to bore him. So instead of using syringes to inject the acid he used a fishing spear, which he had bought brand new just for the occasion. He then poured controlled amounts of the acid into the wounds, and covered them to keep the man alive just long enough for the frontal lobe to decay – which you could almost see in the victim’s eyes. That was the joy of it. Watching them lose their mind. Suffer.
Molly sat on the couch, refusing to take John’s chair even when told to. “I don’t want to be filling in for him again. Last time… Nevermind.” She smiled nervously, her eyes locked on the floor. Holmes sighed heavily, sitting with his knees over the armrest of his chair to face her more properly.
“Painfully. Lestrade called – Jordan was found in the same state of his friend this morning after having received a panicked call from him – he said he had a very upset stomach and he knew it wasn’t from something he’d eaten. He had the puncture wounds all over him as well – a much less irritated one on his stomach. Hardly noticeable if you weren’t looking for it.”
John sighed, rubbing his temples. “This is what I was talking about – you don’t take yourself into consideration.” He sighed, shaking his head and going towards the bathroom. “I’m going to freshen up. Then you should too. We need to think more about this – go to the hospital and ask questions there, not just with Molly… check more than the patient archives.” John said as he left the room.
Holmes got up and sat in the lounge, his feet outstretched onto the low table – he was in a rather uncomfortable position, but he was thinking, so he didn’t notice. He was thinking over John – it was the only time he had to do so. Once John was out of the washroom he’d ask about the case and what he’d come up with. Of course, he’d come up with plenty before John had gone to bed and was saving it for this morning to spill out.
“Sherlock!” Watson cried, staring wide-eyed at his flat mate as he merely rolled his eyes. “What have you done to yourself now? What happened?”
[Your protective streak operates in a predictable pattern, John. Clearly you and my brother have finished doing your ridiculous little mating dance. –MH]
John smirked and sighed, lifting his head from the couch and sitting upright. “You’re right, I should know better,” he replied, half to himself. He nodded, then patted Sherlock’s foot before extricating himself from the couch. Sherlock sat up before he could stop himself.
at Sherlock. It was anger that came from betrayal and grief and, if he could be truly honest with himself, heartbreak, but anger nonetheless.
“If Sherlock’s deductions are accurate, we have it narrowed down to a very small area. A car is on the way for you. Two minutes.”
John knew he wouldn’t last much longer. Reaching down, he took Sherlock’s cock in hand and began firm strokes that matched his own punishing tempo. He did his best to replicate what he had seen when Sherlock brought himself off all those weeks ago, and evidently he had remembered well. Sherlock began bucking, so much so that John had to use his free hand to steady Sherlock’s hips.
He moved to Sherlock’s back and removed the fastenings binding Sherlock’s wrists and ankles to each other and to the floor. Once released, Sherlock intended to stretch out his abused limbs and give his body some reprieve, but he found himself awkwardly falling to the floor instead, his muscles failing. A pained groan left his throat. Moriarty’s expression shifted subtly from intense interest to titillation bordering on arousal.
Moran apparently had decided to go with a classic, and picked up a long, multi-tailed flogger. He moved with an ease that spoke to full control, calm alertness, and true comfort with what he was about to do. He stood a ways back from Sherlock and delivered his first blow. Sherlock trembled, his back bowing only slightly, and John knew he must be pressing his lips tightly shut given the muffled shout that John could barely hear. John watched Moran pull his arm back for another blow, and when he struck Sherlock again, both Sherlock and John flinched as if both had been hit. Moran continued methodically, changing the force, timing, and location of the strikes, ensuring that Sherlock couldn’t predict where or when or how hard he would be hit next.
John risked a glance up at Sherlock and felt his soul leave his body. Sherlock’s hair was a riotous mop and the pink flush John had observed earlier was now colouring Sherlock’s entire torso and most of his face. Sherlock’s lips were slightly parted and his eyes…his eyes held the most intense hunger John had ever seen. Swallowing and blinking a few times, John looked down at Sherlock’s achingly hard cock. “I’ve never done this before, so…well, I know what
?” He pushed himself up from the couch and began pacing the room. “You people lead ludicrous lives. Being held hostage by one’s own emotions may not be a moral failing, but it’s certainly not a virtue either.”
John’s heart constricted in his chest. He stood, facing Sherlock, and bent down. He put his arms under Sherlock’s and did his best to avoid putting strain on any obvious injuries. After a nerve-wracking moment, Sherlock was able to get to his feet. John took much of his weight as they hobbled the few metres to the waiting vehicle, where Sherlock permitted himself to be helped inside. He looked as though he would run away from the vehicle itself if he could even walk under his own power. John climbed in the back with Sherlock and the EMTs had the good sense to say nothing about it whatsoever.
Within moments, true to his word Hudson returned with a cloth bundle. It exuded considerable heat John found when he touched it. Together they placed it snugly beside Sherlock and re-wrapped the blankets around him.
They didn’t stop at the main station but rather were delivered to a quiet siding rail where several very smart coaches, painted in shining black and emblazoned with the royal coat of arms, were waiting.
"Please, don't do this Sherlock! I would rather do as they want, than… than…" John stuttered to Sherlock.
Their cabin was forward of the ship’s belching smoke stacks, so they were able to open their porthole to the cool night air and be unbothered by the choking smoke, steam and soot which plumed from the funnels astern. The porthole was open because despite its relative comfort, the cabin was very hot.  The steam engines below deck were running at full power, producing tremendous heat, noise and vibration.
He continued in a softer tone, "Your unusual gift for medicine, specifically surgery, is evident in the skillfully executed sutures done by yourself using your right hand, your non-dominant hand, on the wound to your left arm. The wound has healed perfectly with no infection suggesting advanced knowledge of modern antiseptics. It is at least a year old. Performing surgery on your own wounds at age twelve or thirteen? You show an extraordinary talent John Watson."
Sherlock managed a slight smile, “…it is called Baritsu… a martial art form… I first picked it up in… Japan… been practising it now for… some time… it’s more than once… been useful… to me...”
So unhappy was he, that he hardly heard what the Duchess said next, “How disappointing for you, John, it will be far too late for you to stay up. This will be a grown-ups party!”
Sherlock merely replaced John’s blankets, tucking them around him and, with a light stroke of John's hair, sat back to wait out the darkness of the night. The blanket tucking and the hair stroking, of course, set off another firestorm of glorious physical sensation in John and he bit his lip in an effort not to turn over with a needy moan and spread himself out before Sherlock.  Good Lord!  What in heaven’s name was happening to him?
Forcing down his panic, knowing that he must think and act quickly to save himself, he had limped out of their quarters and into the dark garden to try to clear his mind. Standing in the still night air he could hear distant music and laughter from the embassy's ballroom and remembered Molly's recounting of Lord Holmes' visit. He recalled her laughing at how the female guests were interested in Lord Holmes himself while the men were far more interested in the yacht on which Lord Holmes had arrived. The Wind Shadow was said to be the fastest and most modern in design of any of its class in the Empire. Speculation was that it could reach England in seven days from Constantinople, an un-heard-of time for private yachts. Remembering this, the seeds of John's escape plan were sown. It was simple enough, although risky; all he had to ascertain was when the boat would be embarking on her homeward journey and to ensure he was aboard when she did. He would start his information gathering with Molly.
By late afternoon, with the heat of the day gone and the sun beginning to set, John was flagging again despite his determination to not slow the party down. His head wasn’t aching but he felt unusually weak, probably from the shock of the soldier’s assault. He was hoping Sherlock and Hudson were perhaps tired also, having had no sleep themselves the previous night.  He found himself stumbling on a stone more than once as the sun crept behind darkening peaks.
Sherlock’s voice sounded close by, “Not true, in fact, Hudson, these infernal thickets are proving hellish to navigate… we will most certainly stop now that we are safe.” Then almost as an afterthought, he remarked, “and really Hudson, should you be alarming John with talk of nighttime sorties to London’s back alleys…?” His voice trailed off on this mild reproof and he could be heard muttering to himself, “Bloody goat trails!”  John, opening his eyes and looking around, could see the outline of Sherlock’s head framed in faint star light, tilted quizzically and staring at something that might be a trail, although as far as John was concerned there was nothing whatsoever to suggest it.  Everywhere around them was uniform darkness as far as he could tell. His head began to ache from the strain of trying to see so he gave up and closed his eyes; laying his head down on Hudson’s shoulder once more.  Instantly he fell asleep and, as intended, didn’t hear Sherlock’s quiet enquiry, “Is he alright to carry on Hudson?” or Hudson’s softly reassuring answer, “Indeed, my Lord, his is.”
John could only stand and watch, praying as hard as he could for Sherlock to prevail. He wasn't concerned for his own well-being; he was concerned only for Sherlock, knowing that if Sherlock was badly injured or killed, he himself would not want to go on living. This realization had just emblazoned itself onto his consciousness when suddenly what he feared the most happened; Sherlock, leaping backward, failed to fully evade a particularly aggressive swipe of the knife in his opponent's hand. It grazed across his chest; leaving a slickly glistening red streak in its path. Hudson and John both heard Sherlock's sharp intake of breath as he leapt sideways, this time to avoid a potentially fatal second strike.
The ruffian's leg crumpled but he didn't fall; he staggered and regained his balance. Then, like the proverbial bull before the red flag; bellowing in rage and pain he threw himself recklessly at Sherlock. With the man barreling into him with both knives raised, one ready to stab and the other to slash, Sherlock kicked again, this time high on his opponent's body with another movement so fast it was a blur to those watching. Before the gang leader could recover, Sherlock drove his knife into the man's left shoulder and pulled it out again, dodging out of the way as the man howled in pain and swung wildly at him with his uninjured arm.
"Some soup and tea for Master John," said Hudson comfortably, placing the tray on the table beside John. "And may I suggest something for yourself to eat, my Lord?"
The small fleet of fishing boats approaching the lolling, stricken Wind Shadow was comprised of a rather haphazard band of wreckers; men and boys far too cheerful to be threatening and just as pleased at the prospect of a visit and news of the outside world as they were to salvage wrecked ships. They happily agreed to tow the sail boat to shore, making quick work of it. Within minutes the Wind Shadow was securely tied to the village's longest wharf. The village elderly along with women and children had crowded onto the wharf to greet them. They were welcomed more like family come from afar than the English strangers they were. The injured men were tut-tutted over and assisted ashore by concerned hands and there appeared to be stiff competition as to who among the villagers should get to play host to the interesting visitors.
At Hudson's knock and entrance, Lord Holmes whirled to glare fiercely at him, a sharp rebuke for the interruption obviously ready on his tongue. But at the sight of John standing limply beside his valet, he stilled before narrowing ice-blue eyes and fixing John with a piercing stare.
His senses returning, John dazedly turned his head to follow the viciously snarling Sherlock. He couldn't see into the darkness but he could hear dull wet thuds, the sound of flesh hitting flesh and a terrified gurgle from the soldier which was cut-off abruptly so the only noise to be heard after that was the sound of fist meeting flesh and skull meeting stony ground...
It had begun with John approaching his stepfather to ask about the small fund he knew that his mother had set aside for his education before she died. The Major had been furious with John and raged at him about the excessive cost of his keep as it was, let alone finding any extra money for schooling. It was with a sense of despair that John realized the Major had spent the money and had no intention of honouring John's mother's wishes. Feeling sick at heart when he was finally able to make his escape, John had hardly heard his stepfather raging on about how he was a costly burden that the Major could no longer afford.
The remainder of the night passed slowly for John of course, hours always do when one is consumed with anxiety for one’s beloved.  At the first hint of grey dawn, when he observed him to be still wide-awake, Hudson insisted that John take a turn resting in the room’s only chair. John agreed reluctantly, intending not to sleep, but given that his constitution wasn’t as strong as other young men his age, he soon found his eyes sliding shut from exhaustion.  From then until morning it was Hudson who watched both Sherlock and John sleep, his expression open with unguarded affection such as was rarely seen under ordinary circumstances.
He continued at great speed, astonishing John with his obvious intelligence. John's head was beginning to reel, trying to reconcile the version of Lord Holmes he'd observed with Lady Adler with the animated young man now before him. Failing, he sat down at the desk in front of the pile of books set in front of  him by Lord Holmes and put his mental energy toward the task asked of him, finding the letters and words were not too difficult to follow.
All of this repulsed Lord Holmes. He was a fastidious man in his private life, in sharp contrast to his deliberately crafted reputation.  There had been few lovers and then only men of his social equal.  The thought of John trapped in some grimy tavern’s back room, terrified and weeping while a drunken patron forced himself on him, horrified Lord Holmes to a degree he had never felt before.  Trying to stay in control of his emotions, he damped down the white-hot rage flaring in his chest and settled for tightening his arms around John and promising him urgently, "Listen to me, John. I know life has been harsh for you and you aren't used to trusting anyone but believe me, I meant what I said when you first came to me, that I will make sure you get safely to England to find your family. I swear that to you!"
They stopped close to mid-day for a rest and to eat a small meal of cheese and bread. They didn't linger over their lunch; choosing to continue, for although the sun was high, the path had become shaded as it wound inland through dense woods of oaks, strawberry trees, olives and myrtle.
To John’s relief Sherlock nodded his agreement and they picked their way around boulders toward what turned out to be a substantial cavern carved out of the hillside; perhaps by an ancient stream. By the time they reached it the daylight had faded entirely.
“Please Sherlock, consider allowing me to use it topically, at least. Its effects will be localized on your skin so its side effects will be far less than if you imbibed it.”
"She was on her way to the Grand Duke's apartments at the Russian Embassy with the papers; I merely lightened her burden, so to speak. Ball gowns are cut indecently low in this day and age, don't you agree?" Lord Holmes actually winked at John then before closing his eyes and once more resuming his thinking posture.
The gang members were ecstatic with excitement at this turn of events, cheering on their fellow to finish the fight. John, sick with horror, felt dizzy and struggled to stay upright beside Hudson. But Sherlock's composure didn't waver; he appeared not to notice the blood running down his torso from his wound, focusing as he was on his opponent's next move.
Tired as he was, John felt a prickling feeling of unease as they settled on the smooth floor.  After the heat of the day, the night air was cold, even in the shelter of the cave. Without the benefit of starlight, it was oppressively dark as well. To John, it was frighteningly devoid of light, warmth and comfort and he found painful memories flooding his mind. He tried to force the distressing images away but he was unable to dispel the idea of how alike it was to the cell his stepfather had once locked him in after beating him over some imagined misdeed. That stone-floored room had been airless and dark too and small John, injured and afraid his stepfather would leave him to perish in the dark prison as he threatened, had huddled alone for hours in wretched suffering.
No one, that is, except Molly Hooper. Molly was the daughter of the doctor posted to the embassy and John's only friend. She had done all that she could to help John during their growing-up years, providing him with meals and medicine from the dispensary as often as she could. They shared a mutual passion for medical science, which provided the only joy John had in his restrictive life.
Hudson appeared not to notice John's anxiety. "We were almost to Gelibolu before the storm hit. He thinks we are now back closer to Sarköy."
Sherlock continued, “When you are feeling up to it, we’ll continue across the valley. But before that, Hudson, shall we have some food?”
Once a second man had arrived, John stiff and speechless with dread, was pulled firmly, although not roughly, from the hold. There was another shout for someone named Hudson while John, trying to stay alert, nevertheless, felt himself becoming increasingly light-headed from shock and fear. A new wave of dread filled him as a wrinkled, freckled, red-haired man appeared before him, grotesquely disfigured by a missing ear and a large scar on his cheek. This frightening apparition grasped John's arm and said firmly, "Come along young man. Lord Holmes will need to see you." He then surprised John by adding an introduction, "I'm his Lordship's valet, Hudson."
"Hmmmm, yes, the woman," was the distracted response from Lord Holmes as he sat down and sank into thought.
“The blood loss was stopped by the bandaging but we must warm him and make him keep still Hudson! He is suffering from nervous shock.  He must stop agitating his mind!  Even if I had the proper supplies I daren’t stitch his wound until the shock is passed.”
Now in the Wind Shadow's hold, John tried to force the memories of the last two days away, deciding to sip some of his limited water supply and eat a small amount of the bread and hard cheese that Molly had given him. It helped to think of Molly and remember the lively conversations he had enjoyed with her about medicine, which he loved. They had shared with each other their dreams of one day practising the new medicine pioneered by Florence Nightingale, famous for her nursing work during the Crimean War just a few years earlier, and John's hero, Joseph Lister, the brilliant British surgeon. The distraction helped to quiet his mind and after a short time, in his weakened state, he began to drift into a light sleep once more.
When he heard the heavy footsteps of his stepfather approaching the kitchen door, John hastily retreated back down to the cellar again where he was able, through years of practice, to escape out its small window. He emerged from the window just in time to hear his stepfather bellow for him from their front porch. In the back garden John drew a shaking breath and rounded the corner of the house in answer to his stepfather's summons.
In a swift mood change, Lord Holmes' gaze hardened into something coldly dangerous before he began to speak once more. "Your back is covered with injuries and bruising consistent with beatings, not just one, many over time. A family member then, someone you live with. You are an only child because if you had a sibling they would be with you, as you, John, are not a brother who would abandon a sibling. Your assailant is clearly an army man because your wounds and scars are consistent with military discipline, most notably the whipping." Again the cold blue eyes flashed dangerously. "A British military man living in Constantinople? He could only be living at the British embassy, most likely assigned to guard duty, because there are no British fighting forces stationed in Turkey at present. Since most of your neighbours and acquaintances have been unwilling to help you, your father holds an influential position, probably Head of the Guards then. Motherless because a mother typically would have tried to prevent a father from beating their child even if only in the child's younger years, which clearly didn't happen."
The claims attributed to Vin Mariani as being a wonder medicine were highly questionable.  It was made from South American coca leaves and contained at least 25 milligrams of cocaine per glass which was hardly good for one’s health as John was well aware. However, in medical circles it was known for its numbing qualities and was valued highly as a powerful painkiller; better than anything known to the medical world hitherto.
The deadly dance continued, the brigand nearer to Sherlock now, closing the distance between them to only an arm's length. It was at this point that John saw, rather than heard, Sherlock mutter something to the other man. John had no idea what; the words were uttered in a low, pointed tone, obviously directed exclusively to the man he was fighting. Whatever was said though, it shattered the man's focus and he had an unmistakable moment of indecision. It was all Sherlock needed; with a lightning-fast foot, he kicked his opponent in lower leg, leaning back sharply as he did so to avoid the man's stabbing knife. Terrified as he was, John marveled at Sherlock's extraordinary speed; he was like liquid in motion as he avoided the deadly blades of his opponent.
John, full of admiration at the brilliance of the man before him, found himself agreeing eagerly, "Yes, m’Lord!"
The two combatants stood in the circle of light. Sherlock fixed his opponent with a hard stare and said, "If I win, the boy stays with us. I have your word on this? Your… esteemed colleagues will not interfere?" He used the term with barely restrained mockery.
The ensuing scream rattled the very rafters of the roof but Sherlock ignored it. "The boy stays with me," he ground out, ignoring the involuntary gasps of shock around him at the brutality of his action. When the gang leader didn't answer soon enough for him, Sherlock's face twisted and he trod on the man's pierced shoulder again and ordered, quite murderous now, "Capitulate or you die!"
Hudson nodded and hid a slight smile.  Those responsible for John’s suffering were about to discover the folly of attracting the negative attention of Lord Holmes. He might be singular at the times but Sherlock loathed injustice of any kind and was relentless in his pursuit of those who would exploit, both in his work and private life − and as Hudson had already witnessed, with regard to John’s security, his Lordship was doubly ruthless.
They picked their way back to the main road in heavy darkness. John could feel Sherlock, propped up between him and Hudson, stumbling and slipping on the muddy track. Despite the woollen undershirt and his jacket, Sherlock was shaking from the shock of his injuries as well as from cold.  Hudson and John still had their travel bundles, mercifully, but they had been forced to leave Sherlock’s behind, confiscated by the gang during the fight.
“Hudson, we can arrange for John to be served dinner in his compartment this evening?” Sherlock looked down at John and said softly, “I’m afraid this dinner engagement is unavoidable. Hudson will ensure that you have all that you need.”  Then, unexpectedly he raised a hand and lightly touched John’s cheek. “Sleep well, John.”
Sherlock observed this turn of events with satisfaction.  He couldn’t have planned a better diversion to keep the men’s attention away from himself, Hudson and John. They had simply to wait now until the right moment to launch their escape presented itself.
In truth, his name was John Watson; his father had been the highly respected Sir John Watson, MS, FRCS, and a knighted surgeon. It had been Major Williams who had insisted that John take his last name when John's mother had remarried.
Throughout the night as the storm continued, the Wind Shadow drifted at the mercy of the wind and waves. Without a mast and sails, there was nothing else they could do. John did not dwell on their dire situation; he was kept busy ensuring all his injured patients were comfortable including Lord Holmes. Apparently tired, Lord Holmes slept, lying down in the bunk where John had bandaged his head. With Hudson busy trying to allay the damage to the cabins and assess emergency supplies, John removed Lord Holmes' boots and slicker while he slept and covered him with a blanket. He was about to settle himself for a short rest seated on the floor beside Lord Holmes when a gentle hand reached out and guided him down on the bunk beside Lord Holmes, where he then felt the blanket pulled over him. In words so low he almost didn't hear them, Lord Holmes murmured, "Please rest here John, where I know where you are."
The room was completely dark; no light at all found its way in through the boarded up windows. Hudson, however, found a candle and matches, in either his own or John's rolled bundle, and used them to provide light dim though it was. Sherlock sat gingerly on what looked to be a broken crate, the closest to them of several objects in the room. John could see the pallor creeping into his complexion and the tremor with which he put an exploratory hand to his bloody chest.
Darkness fell and the soldiers, the two least inebriated of the company, staggered up to light a fire.  It was while they were doing this that Sherlock took the opportunity to work his bonds loose.  Hudson wasn’t far behind; his hands were free also before their actions suddenly came to the attention of one of the men at the fire. The soldier gave a shout of warning and launched himself at Sherlock, followed by the rest of his comrades.  Drunk though, they weren’t a match for Sherlock and Hudson and were soon laid out on the hard rock.
That night, determined to learn what his stepfather was planning, John stayed home. He intended to search the study for anything that would indicate what business his stepfather had had with the repulsive man who had visited that afternoon. In doing so he had been unable to escape the Major's anger and had suffered yet another beating. Mercifully, the Major had succumbed to liquor earlier in the evening than usual and knowing it was urgent, John had forced his pain-seared body down the stairs to his stepfather's study. He searched thoroughly but found nothing among the papers in the desk or the Major's files. He then searched a cabinet and a side-table also to no avail. Finally, in the wastebasket under the desk he found the answer he'd been seeking: it was a draft bill-of-sale bearing the seal of a well-known market trader in Constantinople. And as John had read the document, it became sickeningly clear what his stepfather was intending; for there, crumpled but visible in bold ink was John's name alongside which had been written the sum of £1,000 and below this the unmistakable signature of his stepfather, Major Williams. The shock and fear John had felt as he realized the danger he was in had paralyzed his breathing to the point that he'd had to struggle not to faint.
They would escape before any harm could come to John, Sherlock assured himself grimly, he would make sure of it, but to succeed they must wait until full darkness.
In the sitting room he found Hudson and Lord Holmes, the latter resplendent in his new clothing and Hudson the picture of dignity in his.
They had arisen early and packed their few belongings. Hudson had distributed bread and cheese and they'd drunk more of their water. No one suggested lighting a fire to boil tea although hot tea would have been welcome. It was clear now that the hills weren't safe in such unsettled times and a fire would alert others to their presence. The deserting soldiers weren't a concern any longer but the nearer they drew to Gelibolu, the greater their risk of running into bandits or brigands. Gangs of cutthroats were always a risk to travelers on foot.
Sherlock didn't accept the invitation immediately; instead he began with deliberate slowness to withdraw his arms from his jacket sleeves and to hand the coat to Hudson. He then did the same with his collarless woolen undershirt, folding it carefully before handing it to Hudson as well. Finally, bare-chested, with his lean arms loose at his sides; he stilled and stared at his opponent in a calculating manner, his look so intense that the man, despite himself, checked his own stance uncomfortably. John, watching them, thought he'd go mad with the tension of the moment.
Before John could open his mouth in protest, Hudson responded with a cool and unhurried, “Certainly not Sir, John is safe enough here for now and you need his physician’s skills if you are to recover from this injury.”
Out in the once more dim silence of the garden, John moved for the first time in many minutes, wincing in pain as the bark of the tree scraped his raw back and bruised legs and arms. He tried to ignore the pain and the suffocating sense of shame that washed over him as he struggled to move. Why had he never been able to stand up to his stepfather, he wondered? He despised himself for the weakness and fear that he felt in the presence of the man. John was seventeen now, almost eighteen, not a boy anymore, but still he felt powerless to defend himself when confronted with his stepfather's aggressive hatred for him. Blinded by shame, however, John failed to recognize his own overwhelming disadvantage relative to his stepfather including the smallness of his stature, as much a result of childhood neglect as familial inheritance, and his near constant state of injury including a chronic limp, disabled shoulder and a debilitating tremor in his left hand.
When John had finished and replaced the glass on the table, Lord Holmes spoke. "John, I am unfamiliar with children such as yourself, in general, and stowaways as a sub-set particularly. However, I believe, and Hudson has confirmed, that our present circumstances call for the exercise of social responsibility on my part." He didn't sound irritated, he seemed to be merely reviewing the facts. John made a sound of protest but was silenced by a wave of Lord Holmes' hand as he continued, "As I have no knowledge or experience in this area, I will be taking a consultative approach to carrying out my duty." After this puzzling announcement Lord Holmes fell silent; steepling his fingers against his chin in a gesture suggesting deep thought. John who was now feeling light-headed from the wine in addition to exhausted, had no trouble remaining quiet.
"I'm sorry John, I made a mistake. I underestimated the danger... I will never allow anything like that to happen to you again. I swear it." John thought he felt Sherlock’s cheek touch his hair perhaps in a gesture of remorse or a plea for forgiveness before he raised his head once more and struck out into the night, Hudson close at their side.
"Would you… if I ask...would you? I would rather die than be taken. Do you understand?" John's voice was barely a whisper. "I cannot be captured, please…"
They hadn't traveled far before the path narrowed further to what seemed to be a goat or sheep herder's track. The sea was to their left, visible only in glimpses caught between the rocky outcrops and shrubbery, and a steep ridge of bare hills was to their right. The vegetation was mostly scrub with the occasional small olive or oak tree braving the wind and salt air blowing in from the ocean. They passed the odd pine tree too, still fragrant from the cool night. Other plants lent their perfume to the air; small patches of lavender, thyme and rosemary grew along the path and tufts of golden germander, which John knew was commonly used to treat inflammation, insect bites and skin infections. He caught flashes of small lizards darting among the low plants, looking for a breakfast of a slow moving bug or two.
And when John did not answer, he continued, "It's something to do with your father, isn't it?" A sick sensation was rising in Lord Holmes' chest as he contemplated the possibilities. "He was planning something… a way to obtain money perhaps? Is that why you are here, John?"
Lord Holmes ignored the last comment. "Ask Captain Barrow to see me as soon as he is able. Thank you Henderson."
With the late summer storm bringing early darkness there was no help for it but to seek shelter before they reached the city. They spied, not far off the road, what appeared to be an abandoned farm house and made their way toward it. It was derelict; up close they could see boarded up broken windows and missing patches of white plaster on the foliage draped walls. Still, it would provide a modicum of shelter for the night.
Heart in Hiding will be on hold for a little while while I finish other projects.  It will return.  Thank you for your wonderful support.
“M’Lord has wired the Marquis,” said Hudson “Lord Bosham had made arrangements for our transportation to England as quickly as possible.”
John glanced down at Sherlock, “But I’ll need to go out to purchase them,” he said reluctantly, “I’ll be a quick as I can...”
After his walk John returned below deck just in time to be met by Hudson with a tray in hand, and accompanied to Lord Holmes' cabin.  As they had been the night before, books and papers were still strewn about haphazardly.  Adding to the chaos, a large map was now mounted on the wall, stuck generously with clusters of pins connected with coloured thread.  The young Lord himself, if anything, appeared even more dishevelled than he had the previous evening. Had he been working all night John wondered? And if so, at what?
Once the soldiers were taken care of, Sherlock swung around to assist John, who he was aware had not been able to free himself. To his alarm, however, John was nowhere to be seen.  His alarm increased when a quick count of the incapacitated soldiers confirmed that one was missing − the stocky man who had had his eye on John earlier. Desperate, Sherlock scanned the area surrounding the fire for evidence as to which direction John had been taken.  He found what he was looking for immediately; signs of a scuffle and drag marks in the sand leading away from the fire. He issued a vicious curse and leapt into the darkness to follow the trail.
But things were different now.  Very different. However, there was no going back or confessing and trying to make amends. The die had been cast.
His introspection was interrupted by Lord Holmes asking, "It will not come to that, I assure you, but why are you so afraid of pirates, John?"
John’s heart felt immeasurably higher upon hearing this and he was able to smile and nod his agreement to Lord Holmes.
They turned at the summons and John saw, moving toward them in a determined manner, a woman dressed in extraordinary fashion.  She was wearing an extravagant pink satin gown beset with bows and an elaborate frothy train.  Pink gauze and frills decorated the revealing bodice and sleeves and diamonds glittered at her throat and wrists.  The triumph of the outfit, however, was an enormous hat heaped with pink and white silk roses.
It had been late afternoon when at Hudson’s gentle urging, John had awoken from his nap.  His first sight upon opening his eyes had been of Sherlock, standing tall and smartly attired once more in his officer’s uniform.  He appeared remarkably recovered although John’s keen eye noted that his complexion was pale and his posture stiff.  To a casual observer, however, he would appear as a man in the peak of health.
That night at The Olive Wood Hotel John had expected to sleep with ease, lying in the cloud-like comfort of his bed, lulled by the splash of playful waves at the beach and the whirring chirp of a Nightjar perched in a tree outside his window. The day had been perfect.  He’d been able to stay close beside Lord Holmes, who had indulged him by allowing him to check his head and chest wounds as frequently as John liked, to ensure himself that Lord Holmes was healing well.  He’d experienced a day of heaven on this beautiful Aegean island, safe and free by the side of the man he loved.  Yet, that night John found himself turning restlessly, unable to settle, his thoughts troubled.
Landing on the drive as ably as he could, given his injuries, and staying well inside the shadow of the wall John made his way home. He lived with his stepfather, Major Williams, who was in charge of the Guard for the British embassy. The major had reached this disappointing career-low after failing at a series of more important positions due to his excessive drinking. Always cruel, he was now a bitter, violent man who took his frustration out on his gentle stepson. His treatment of John had not gone unnoticed in the small British community in the city but few were willing to openly censure the Major's behaviour. He held what was still an important position at the embassy and, in a time when the threat of Russian invasion was very real, no one wanted to risk crossing Major Williams.
Over the course of dinner, the pair drank several glasses of whiskey each, both becoming increasingly cheery. After John stored the leftovers in the fridge far from the bag of eyeballs, he retired to his chair by the fire, opposite a glassy-eyed Sherlock who seemed to find something funny.
John gave a faint tug to Sherlock’s curls and the detective groaned, instinctually pressing his hips up to meet John’s. Despite the layers of clothing between them, they both moaned at the contact, breaking the kiss to catch their breath. John panted, trying to calm himself. He nuzzled Sherlock’s nose with his own. “Alright?”
The church was near the Thames, not that you could tell given how the buildings, some centuries old and some brand new, were jammed together like toys from different sets thrown into one box. Lestrade met Sherlock and John at the door, and something about Lestrade’s expression made John feel uneasy. When they got to the body of the victim, still upright in a pew as if waiting for the service to begin, John immediately understood Lestrade’s disquiet and Sherlock’s reluctance to reveal the nature of the crime to John. The victim was, for lack of a better term, a dead ringer for Sherlock. His build, skin tone, hair, face, everything was strikingly similar to the consulting detective. John pursed his lips in an expression that could have suggested both rage and nausea.
[Just the sitting room with a clear view of the doors, John. Though one of my poor agents certainly got an eyeful earlier this evening. Not exactly what he was expected to see while monitoring for threats to the pair of you. –MH]
John huffed out a breath when he realised the body had been in the hot water for an indeterminate period of time: no precise way to determine time of death without more information. Again. As the flashes of the forensics team’s cameras went off over and over, documenting every inch of the makeshift “spa”, John found himself unable to look away from the body. Even if it were clearly not his friend, he couldn’t help but envision Sherlock in the dead man’s place. Evidence markers, a stretcher and body bag waiting off to the side, a flurry of activity all surrounding a disturbingly still Sherlock.
John glanced at Sherlock, then closed his eyes and rubbed them with one hand, the other hand planted on his hip in exhausted frustration.
Moriarty removed Sherlock’s hood and looked into his eyes. He seemed frustrated. “Sweetheart, I’ll be honest, I’m really disappointed by your performance so far. It has been far too easy to reduce you to a quivering mess. I expected some resistance, some training to kick in or some sort of method that I would have to break through. Instead, the most basic techniques are undoing you with no fanfare at all. Makes me wonder if keeping you around is worth the trouble after all.”
They got in to see Molly, who had the file on the new victim all typed up and ready for Holmes to peer over, but he quickly handed it to John to look at first. “Tell me what you see.” He said, watching John’s every move. Molly stood there in shocked silence, seeing what had become of Holmes.
Well, here’s where the trickery comes in. Of course, they had been to the hospital, that was not wrong, but that was not what connected. And the murderer himself was not a doctor at all – which had been assumed by Sherlock because it seemed the most probable – balance of probability, as Mycroft always said – but this time that wasn’t going to work. Not with this one.
“Well, you’re not listening to him much… from what it sounds like, anyway… I don’t know… I’m no good with relationships.” Molly smiled awkwardly, a nervous laugh accompanying it. “Not even friendships.” She hummed, looking off to the side.
“It’s quite intriguing – there’s nothing, yet again.” He said, shrugging. “Harpoon wounds, nothing else. Obvoiusly that’s what you’ve found that killed him.” He said.
John let go of him promptly, his hands dropping to his sides awkwardly as he heard the whistling again, opening the kettle to pour water into the cups. He held out one to Sherlock, who promptly pushed it aside, placing a hand on either side of John’s face, eyes closed, and pressed their lips together.
“Right…” Molly said, nodding. “Well, in my experience, when I can’t stop thinking about someone I have to figure out why I’m thinking about them… and then usually it subsides once it’s resolved.” She said, watching him carefully as his eyes darted about.
Molly sighed heavily, nodding to herself as she started sterilizing tools again, trying to dismiss her suspicions.
“John.” Sherlock answered, clearly walking quite briskly as he heard air whipping past the microphone.
He came out of his room disheveled, not having gotten dressed that day, or changed into pajamas the night before. His hair was but matted curls and his eyes were dark, bloodshot, and swollen from lack of sleep.
“I thought you may not have liked the fact that before you got back I interrogated him rather thoroughly – his eyes weren’t wet from tears of sadness. I’d had him stare into a flashlight so I could read his mind-processing speed and such, see how fast his reflexes were. He wasn’t too sharp.”
“Look, I appreciate your concern, but I’m fine, honestly this case is stressing me out because if we don’t find a motive soon I’m left to believe the guy’s after you – like a repeat of Moriarty, but less… out-there, I guess. And as much as you’re pissing me off right now, I don’t want you dead.” John ranted, his tea forgotten behind him, not to be remembered for many hours.
“What are you staring at, John?” Holmes finally asked, raising an eyebrow at him. “Is there something there?” He asked, adjusting, both feet on the ground now rather than one crossed over his knee. His arms moved from being on his thighs to being on the couch on either side of him as he looked around for whatever John had been looking at.
“Is it?” Holmes asked, laying back down on the couch on his back, steepling his fingers under his chin.
He looked to his right, seeing John. He’d let himself go, and it showed. His cheekbones were more prominent, his eyes were sunken, and his whole body sung of pain. But to Sherlock’s surprise, as he would find out soon, the song wasn’t about physical pain.
Sherlock’s heart monitor was beeping slowly – Watson fantasized it was because of the lack of nicotine patches. But he knew it was because his heart was giving out ever so slowly – Sherlock’s breathing was hardly normal. It was slow and shallow, then quick, then suddenly deep – as if he were smelling something – and then back to slow.
“You child,” Watson scoffed, shaking his head. “You can’t self-monitor, so I made rules to help you until you can.”
They sat in silence for a time. Holmes was getting agitated, his mind walking itself in circles as he tried to think about a case, but John’s behaviour was putting him off as it was so different from before. He sat up suddenly, his hands on his knees as he looked at Watson.
“They were each missing various organs – liver, left lung, appendix, and shockingly the frontal lobe. None of which were damaged by the acid.” Sherlock said. John now took the time to look at what was in the Petri dish under the microscope – it was a lump of some kind of flesh it seemed.
“Another murder, only two left, this one’s following the pattern as well – shall we?” He asked, holding out John’s coat toward him. John stared at it, his cup of tea in hand.
“We haven’t – Sherlock, for all we know this murder could be after you. You’re really putting your neck out on this one, popping around and checking everything, and it makes no sense – what if they are after you?”
“How do you feel, Sherlock? What emotions.” She asked, making his face slacken. His whole body froze – not tensing, it just stopped. “Sherlock?” She said, leaning toward him and waving her hands in front of him. “Sherlock?” She said again, walking around the counter to stand in front of him. She felt her stomach turn as his eyes locked on hers in his frozen state, his lips slightly parted and his eyebrows drawn together. “What do you feel?”
“Yes – he was always the type to fear death… if he went to a restaurant he brought a thermometer to make sure it was to temperature, and took small doses of certain poisons daily to try to build up an immunity…”
“I’m sorry,” He said, shaking his head the small amount he could while keeping his face hidden. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry…”
“You’re being a right tit right now, Sherlock.” John said, his tea over steeping now as he had accidentally got teabags for a whole pot rather than singular cups. “Nothing. Is. Wrong.”
“What were you testing?” Watson asked, trying not to sound pushy or angry because that just made Sherlock close up.
“I’m going out to talk with Lestrade – he thinks he’s got something. Probably unrelated but I’m going to go check it out.” Holmes called out, making Watson raise his eyebrows. At least he’s accepted he should at least sort of follow the rules.
“I can’t believe you, Sherlock.” He said, staring incredulously at the floor. “You honestly can’t have forgotten that already. This is madness.”
“Right… let me know if you get ahold of him.” Molly nodded, her arms crossed in front of her as Holmes got into a cab and waved goodbye.
“Hardly, compared to you.” John said, raising an eyebrow. Holmes scoffed, standing up. “Got anything? It’s been hours – usually you come up with something.”
“So, the poor man was injected against his will and had no idea until he had bad stomach pain and then died?” Watson asked, somewhat horrified by the thought of it, but at the same time intrigued. Why would someone do such a thing?
“I was asking you a question when you left. You never answered me.” Holmes said, frowning. “I asked you several questions, actually, none of which you answered. Did you hear any of them?”
“Experiment – much less detrimental to my health than the last one, don’t you think?” He asked sarcastically.
“John.” Sherlock answered, his voice low and rattily as usual. Watson huffed, frowning as he paced, looking up at the windows once more.
“You would’ve carried on.” Sherlock said – he wasn’t kidding. Watson heard it in his voice – he believed Watson would just carry on.
Holmes stared at him, his curly locks recently cleaned and sleeping on his forehead. He held eye contact much longer than he usually would, then let his eyes drift about as usual, across John, then around the room. “Right, well, I just thought you might need space from all this – considering you left for a day.”
He eventually grabbed a loaf of bread after wandering for an hour, paid, and walked out, the sun seeming bright for this time of year, and yet it was cold. There was a breeze running through the street that seemed to cut right through you. He wanted to go home – he almost felt homeless; he didn’t want to go back. Holmes had crossed the line – he made rules to help him stay alive for goodness sake, and then he goes around ignoring him, getting himself hurt like it doesn’t matter, self-deprecating and acting like John’s out of his wit to try to help him.
“I wouldn’t say that yet.” Sherlock said. “Thirteen victims, that was the plan. And you’ve only killed twelve.” He said, feeling triumphant for but a moment.
After he’d eaten Holmes smiled at him, nodding. “Well, now that you’ve eaten I’d like your opinion on something.” He said, standing up straighter.
Eventually Holmes emerged from the kitchen, his being looking unkempt – more so than when Watson had gone in the kitchen previously. He flopped onto the couch with a loud huff, a frown on his face.
It’s a massive game of hide and seek. How are you to know, however, who is counting in a room full of so many people? If the counter was not pointed out to you, then how are you to know whom it is? You must find where he is, and if not that, then follow where he’d been by following his path of destruction without getting in front of it – hearing the cries of people being found, asking them questions if you can but most likely they won’t tell you anything. Then you continue, hoping to find a pattern so you may be able to find the perfect spot that they’ll get stuck. Then you win.
Holmes’ face relax and his mouth hang open slightly as he thought about it. “Okay, well the stuff on the walls is a corrosive material that can eat away at flesh. I’ve just created it.” He said, hoping that would suffice.
“What if it is the same guy just trying to piss you off?” Watson asked, making Sherlock pause for a moment before he quickly resumed his precise, bustling movements.
“Puncture points were found, but nothing was injected, correct?” Sherlock asked, his eyes wide as they continued to dart over the body.
“None?” Holmes asked, turning to him briefly before bursting out the door. “Taxi!” He called, throwing his arm up in the air as John followed him quickly, pulling his shoe around his heel as he did so.
“Go on.” Sherlock said, seeing John’s mind spinning in circles. He wanted him to stay on track, though – he wanted to know what happened to the man that almost beat him.
“I’m already at the flat.” Sherlock replied, “I’m with the man’s friend at our flat. I went to get him and bring him back here. I thought you’d be here when I got back.”
But of course, that didn’t mean it wasn’t played. Sherlock had heard Watson tossing and turning in the night.
John was left alone in the house. He decided that if Holmes was going off by himself there was nothing for him to hide, but John wanted to look anyway. He cleaned up a bit too, in the process. Put all the tea in one cupboard rather than two cupboards and a drawer, cleaned out the fridge of old cheese, spoiled eggs, and old sandwich meat. And a couple jars of unsightly substance he figured Holmes wouldn’t miss… he kept one of each for safety though.
Why would a doctor go on a murdering spree? It’s not like they have nothing to live for – and their job is to save people. It seems quite out of character to go into that line of work and then not actually do it. He blinked a couple times, shaking his head. He didn’t have time to think about this – he had to get groceries and prepare himself for going back to 221B. He’d gone to stay with a friend the previous night, and told him he’d not be needing another. He wished he hadn’t said so.
“I don’t know!” John yelled, taking a deep breath and then sniffing harshly, not knowing what else to say as Holmes stood there in dumbfounded silence. “I don’t know.” He repeated, sighing and going to sit on his chair again, his hand on his forehead. “What do we do… to find a doctor that…”
Watson went straight to the kitchen to put the kettle on, and was instantly bombarded with questions.
“But you were right. About the case.” Sherlock said, rubbing his eyes. “He was after me, he wasn’t a doctor…”
If he became overly stressed he slept restlessly – his mind unable to relax as his body did. Holmes often thought of going in to wake him, but he did. He just sat outside, listening to his panicked breath and his waking moments after he’d sat up as he calmed himself down, laying back to try once more.
They got back to their flat in a hurry, Holmes slumping onto the couch – he was just starting to feel a twinge of exhaustion.
“M-my experience?” She asked, frowning, not knowing what he was referring to. She assumed nothing to do with working in the morgue.
“What?” John questioned, his eyebrows raising as he put down the tea and handed Sherlock the partially thawed peas. Sherlock held them to his face as his eyes darted back and forth, his mind running a million miles a second.
“Nothing you will say will sway me, John, because I’m very unsure on this case so I’m making lots of assumptions – of course it might not be a doctor, but I’m going to assume it is so I don’t go absolutely insane.” Holmes rambled, making John freeze.
“I was just wondering.” John shrugged, sitting in his chair with a new cup of tea – he’d cleaned up his old one while this one steeped. “S’pose I haven’t asked in a while – wanted to make sure they were doing alright.”
Thirteen victims, predictable, and then unpredictable, and then irrational for poor bloke number twelve. He was the clue – as Sherlock had thought. He gave away the last victim – which he figured it’d be either that or it would give away the murderer and they’d catch him just after the thirteenth victim. Which wasn’t completely wrong either.
“What have you done?” John asked, matching Holmes’s intensity with a stern, almost grumpy expression.
“Good God, Sherlock!” He cried, freezing as he stared at his face. “You need to get something on that, you iced it, right?” He asked, not having realized Sherlock had been up all night on his violin, thinking about the case.
John came out from the washroom and insisted Holmes go clean up a bit – he looked horrendous – and he did so. He came out a new man, refocused and ready to go with John at his side again. He could concentrate – he knew what he was doing. He was going to go check out doctors – not John, he’s a doctor, but not – go ask doctors some questions, and… not John. The doctors that work at the hospital.
“John, we’re hardly friends. We’re flat mates – we look at crimes together. You’re intelligent enough I can tolerate you – now come to the hospital.” Holmes said, leaving Watson taken aback. He refused and said that when he was dismissed he could come back. Then he hung up while Holmes started rage ranting.
“Yes, yes of course there’s puncture wounds John, but each time there’s less trace of acid, and each time it’s harder to tell what the acid is doing – or targeting. The last two we found the frontal lobe to be slightly damaged – which is an organ that was stolen.”
Watson would unwrap the old bandages and carefully apply new ones after sanitizing the wound and making sure the bandages were clean. Holmes would sit there impatiently, not doing as most people would – watch the bandages go around and complain at it if it got to tight. Watson had to pay extra attention to make sure he didn’t because Holmes would never tell him – he just wanted it to be done.
Sherlock played a faster song this time than he usually did – a happier song. Usually he played melancholy songs – songs of the broken soul. But now he played a song you’d hear at a party, or a wedding.
“I don’t need a babysitter; I haven’t died yet, have I? I did fine for years before you came along, and now that you’re here to see what I’m doing it’s like I suddenly need watching over! I’m absolutely fine!”
John dropped the cup, hearing the shadow of it shatter against the floor, and feeling it ghost against his leg, but he could hardly pay attention to that. He couldn’t pay attention to anything but Sherlock with his rhythmic heartbeat, his expansive, shadowed emotions, his opportunist eyes, and his absolute love for John Watson.
“Another man found dead this very afternoon, a suspected murder. Scotland Yard is working at this very moment on catching the culprit-"
Sherlock was hardly a foot away from him now. John’s eyes were open, and he heard the kettle whistling beside him, but it hardly felt like they were in the same universe. Sherlock was looking down at him, but not just with his eyes like usual. His whole head was angled down, his violin in one hand and the bow in the other. Although that quickly changed as he set them down and pulled John in for a hug, burying his head in his neck.
“Yes, why would I lie about this?” She asked, seeming exasperated. “I told him to try to be patient with you, because, I don’t know, I… I thought it might help, as I know how he can be…” She said sheepishly.
Watson heard the song over and over in his head as he fell asleep, and Sherlock saw Watson’s facial expression, trying to figure out what about the song made him get up as he too tried to sleep.
“Right.” Holmes said, seemingly wanting to sigh, but he did not. He took the file back once it was passed toward him – not before, like he usually would – and read it over, nodding and thanking Molly, saying he was going to go call Lestrade to ask him questions about the scene. He left the room, leaving John and Molly together in shocked silence.
“He’s a genius, this one – he’s outsmarted the police, and so far, me, but he’ll slip up on the last one somehow. He’ll give himself away.”
“Why would you create something like that?” Watson cried, sure Mrs. Hudson would appear any moment to tell them to quiet down.
“Nothing’s wrong.” John said, pushing his teabag around with his eyebrows raised. “I’m perfectly okay, so if you wouldn’t mind letting off it’d be much appreciated.”
It was okay. He was okay. They were okay. They did it. They did it, both of them, and they both walked away.
“Did you just realize this now? You made it sound like you’d known for a while.” John said, his frown deepening – if that was possible.
“Hardly worth it – the murder will be today. The giveaway. The face reveal. Friday the thirteenth, the thirteenth murder…” He said, rubbing his hands together beneath his chin. “Hardly worth straying from.”
He wondered about the redness around the scars that he didn’t think should be there – and the redness around the puncture wounds on the stomach of those first view victims. He wondered if somehow he got some of his own acid in his wounds – even though they were healed when he did it. Maybe some got on his skin and was absorbed into the bloodstream. Maybe he had another cut somewhere but for some reason it was concentrating here. It made no sense. He considered John’s theory of him being the sole target again – he brushed it off, figuring that that was extremely unreasonable and could never happen.
John sighed as he watched, feeling guilt over this person having been killed. Could’ve had a family, children… Didn’t seem old, either. Nowhere near middle-aged. Prime-time, John thought. Holmes bustled about, sighing as he tilted his head, his neck stretching.
John thought about this for a moment, and then looked at Sherlock as they both paused. “Different blood types?” John asked, causing Sherlock to suddenly stand, the peas no longer in contact with his face to John’s dismay as he started bustling around the lounge, his hands in the air as he exclaimed a few times and spoke gibberish for a good two minutes.
Holmes mumbled angrily to himself, pacing back and forth with the new Petri dish in his hand. “I’m not sure how to explain it to you.” Holmes said, sitting down where the microscope was, waiting for Watson to place it before him, but it didn’t happen. He looked incredulously at Watson for this lack of acceptance over his answer. “What am I supposed to say?” He asked, his voice matching that of a whiny child.
“It’s not bad actually.” Holmes said, turning away now, not liking to hear about feelings and sentiment. “Don’t worry about me – we haven’t time for such things.”
“So… different guy with an organ fetish then?” John jokingly concluded, making Sherlock hum his amusement.
“He’d grown up around hospitals and morgues – his mom was a nurse, and his dad was a police officer. He heard dark chatter all the time – poisoning, murder; fatal illness – it made him paranoid about dying. He heard about so much death and sickness – it traumatized him.”
“It is, good observation John.” Holmes said, but without its usual saturation of sarcasm. It almost sounded genuine. John lowered his eyebrows, not saying anything until after the kettle had sung and the tea was strong.
“I see… and then he got stomach pains – you were slightly suspicious of this?” Sherlock asked, digging further as his mind raced – Watson could see it in the way his fingers were tapping slightly under his chin, his eyes steady on his subject. How his ears were most likely burning with the sounds he was picking up, and his nose was itching with the cologne the man was wearing.
“Him or her – assuming it’s a him, assuming he’s a doctor, and we won’t catch him until Friday. He’s too careful, but the thirteenth victim will give it away somehow. This one wants to be caught – but his way.”
Holmes seemed almost back to normal after two days away – although, he also seemed quite moody and sporadic. “So, you really found nothing new on the body?” John asked in the cab on the way back.
He was thoughtful. He was wondering why it hurt. It shouldn’t after all this time – it’d healed over, why would it hurt still? Like poking a bruise, as John thumbed over it, trying to find out why it hurt as well, then telling him to try icing it for ten minutes. Holmes sat on the couch with frozen peas on his left arm, to be transferred to his right after ten minutes.
Nothing. He frowned, calling Sherlock on his phone as he paced in front of the building, looking up at the windows. He realized then that he hadn’t let Lestrade finish what he was saying when he mentioned the address. Had the man died? Left for a vacation? Gone to a therapist after his friend’s death?
“I’m so sorry.” He said, feeling his nose tickle as his eyes stung. “I’m so sorry I couldn’t…” His voice broke. He leaned forward, staring at the white tile floor of the hospital. “I couldn’t keep you safe.” He said, his words airy and hoarse. “From yourself. And that’s on me.” He said, then got up to stand by the door, pinching his nose, but never leaving the room. People told him to leave to get some proper sleep, but he wouldn’t. They told him visiting hours were over and had Mycroft allow it. He sat in the chair next to the hospital bed, the sound of the heart monitor being all that told him this was reality. Because no way in hell would he dream up such an irritating sound for this long.
He arrived in good time, knocking on the door and requesting access to the man’s flat. But he got no response over the mic and no buzz to let him in. He looked into the camera, smiling quickly and requesting to come in once more.
“I-I’m running an-an-an experiment, d-don’t mind me.” He heard – he then tried the door handle. It was locked, of course. He rammed his shoulder into it.
“Sherlock, Sherlock stay with me here, you’re going to be fine.” He said, having found where the wound is and helping the other doctor in trying to stop the bleeding. He was holding bandages to his friend’s chest, putting immense pressure on it. “You’re going to be fine, look at me, keep your eyes open.” He said, to which he got no response. They hooked him up to a heart monitor, which only reported uneven heartbeats. They put an oxygen mask on him, getting him on a stretcher and carrying him out.
?” He asked, clearly getting more worked up than usual over this. “Who would’ve done it? I’ve got no dirt on anyone, nothing anyone would take as a motive… And nothing that would get that response from the victim.”
They went in and sat in a quieter corner, throwing back pint after pint. Holmes just followed John’s lead, but seemed to have a slightly lower alcohol tolerance due to not going out drinking with friends like John had done before. His vision started to blur and his through process slowed, making him kind of frustrated, but also much more care-free.
“Quite. You never run errands.” John said in return; “What are you getting? We’re quite low on… everything. We could use some milk. Or crackers.”
“He’s showing that he can do whatever he puts his mind to – he stole organs, and now he can affect them with acid he injects into the body days after injection. In the latest cases, weeks.”
“Why doesn’t he just inject oxygen between the big toe and the second toe? Disguise it as a heart attack?” John asks, not understanding why someone would go to these lengths.
Holmes did not play the violin that night. He sat outside of John’s room, listening to him toss and turn and breathe heavily at constant intervals. Holmes knew that he often suffered from night terrors after a long day – increasingly so after Holmes’ incident.
“Aren’t you going to tell me about what you saw? I looked it up – three more men were killed. But this time not with that acid stuff – so different guy, right? Must’ve been. No one would be that rash – to just kill more people without using the same tactic – especially if it’s for testing.”
They got in a cab, drove all the way there with questions from John as to why, and answers from Holmes making nothing become any clearer. They pulled up, Holmes paying the cabbie as John took in the glory of what they were doing. They’d never done this – and John was starting to think it might not have as much to do with the case as Holmes wanted it to.
“Exactly.” Sherlock nodded, his fingers steepled under his nose. “I don’t understand why you wouldn’t make
And here was Holmes, sitting on the couch, one ankle resting upon his other knee, his hands fidget-free in his lap as he looked out the window. You could see him almost vibrate with the need to move and talk loudly – his lips were pressed together in a thin line and his eyes spoke a dictionary in three different languages, but none of John’s knowledge. He was like a misunderstood relic – wrongly translated – and John was a rookie trying to figure things out on his own. Which obviously takes much longer than with guidance – but where was he to get that? Mycroft? No, he’d hardly help at all, probably just make jokes and say it was just “Sherlock being Sherlock”.
He heard Watson sit on the couch behind him, frowning in confusion before he began playing again. They stayed like this for about an hour before they each were tired enough to really go to sleep. They did so after their friendly departure to their respective rooms, both seemingly in a good mood.
“Yes, of course, but we still have no motive. He can’t just be insane – people aren’t just insane in public and then not put into an asylum or something. He has a reason to be doing this.”
“Well… yes, mostly.” She said, her eyes flitting about. John stared at her, craning his neck forward. “I can’t say what else though, I promised I…” She said, them pursed her lips, shaking her head. “I’m sorry, John.”
“Middle of the afternoon – it’s half past three.” He said, raising his eyebrows as Holmes grabbed bread and started eating it, walking into the living space.
“Didn’t ask – thought you might want to check it out first.” John said, wondering why Holmes was asking him so many questions – like he would know half as much as Holmes even if he was told all the details the murderer knew.
“What do you mean?” Holmes asked, turning back around to look at him. “I don’t feel up with accompaniment from anything.”
He popped by the nearest market and grabbed easy things like cereal, milk, crackers, and some sweets. He brought everything back inside, having eaten half the box of crackers on the way back. Sherlock was still busy in the kitchen, a light haze running through their flat.
“Have you seen John?” He asked, stepping away from his position of leaning against the countertop. “He left this morning and hasn’t been back – left his tea undone.”
“Right so…” John said after he got no response, “we’ve exhausted all our leads – the doctor, the acid, the patients who keep dying – maybe predicting who will come next?”
“Right, yeah that makes sense, uh… he was a book keeper at the university – but apparently he had impersonated a policeman a couple times to get into police files, as well as a doctor for doctor files… and various other crimes. Murder being the worst, and, well, theft being the least.” He said, shrugging.
“Did you get any sleep at all?” Watson asked, suddenly seeing that, aside from his bruised face, his eyes looked dry and bloodshot on both sides – a dark circle surrounding his right eye from lack of sleep and left eye from heavy bruising.
“Alright, if you end up doing anything else tell me so I don’t have to come looking for you.” John called out, making Holmes sigh.
“Sherlock, they’re just trying to keep you alive.” Watson said, feeling his throat tighten – he wasn’t going to cry, he felt as if he was going to be sick. His throat would tighten, and then within five minutes he’d be sick – and if not, then he wasn’t to be sick until the next throat-tightening experience.
They left quite some time later, neither one knowing exactly how much, and got a cab back. John questioned the point of that again, getting no proper response from Holmes. They stumbled back into their flat, Holmes relying on John to stay upright. He helped him sit and chuckled as his eyes drooped closed and he mumbled something about alcohol tolerance and how he didn’t understand why it was a thing. John chuckled, sitting on the couch beside where Holmes had collapsed and looked down at him.
John stayed with his friend for two nights, heard about the next murder, and immediately said he’d have to cut it short and went to see Holmes at the morgue with Lestrade and Molly. Molly had everything typed out, but not having sent it through yet as Holmes wanted to look at the body.
“I said I’d clean it up. So, I did. I put it in a jar in the fridge. I knew I’d need it, John. Why do you think I made it in the first place?” Sherlock asked, looking back at Watson.
Several hours later, when John had just realized he forgot about his tea and went to have a red-stained cup with black liquid in it. He stared at the faded red stain, hardly resembling that of blood, but it still came to his mind. He shuddered, putting the cup down.
“Right. Find out why. Then I can concentrate on the case.” He said, nodding and walking out. “Thank you, Molly! You’re the best.” He flashed another smile, then walked away from the door.
“You are acting differently. John’s not around and you’re like a live wire.” Molly said, her eyebrows coming together in concern. “You two are friends, and I’d hate to see that ruined over a case…” Molly said, holding her forearm.
John fell asleep in that chair, woke up with a sore back, stood by the window and looked out, sat back down, had coffee brought to him, took a sip and then left it alone, fell asleep, and repeat. Mycroft came in every day to check on him, but never stayed longer than an hour. He brought John food every day, offering sandwiches, breakfast foods, soups, salads – John never ate any of it. He couldn’t. Not after what he’d done.
“I told him to text me if he found anything so you wouldn’t go off on your own.” John said, staring harshly into Holmes’ – it was a stare down. They stayed like this for much longer than was comfortable – Holmes finally folded and went to put his jacket on.
“Does it hurt?” John asked, glancing up at him – they locked eyes, Holmes’s soft and clueless for once. John frowned, then his face relaxed into shock. “Does it? I can’t tell from your face.”
Sherlock looked at it long and hard, then ate it quickly and gave his thanks to John. He smiled, having forgotten what it felt like to be thanked for something like that. Something as simple as badly-cooked eggs. An undeserved “thank you” over something so unimportant.
“Yes, I do.” Sherlock paused for a long moment, but John sensed it wasn’t for dramatic effect. “Why are you all of a sudden trying to make me into someone else? I’ve
Mrs. Hudson sat in silence for a moment and John worried she wouldn’t remember anything else. “His smile,” she finally whispered, her voice trembling a bit. “He was smiling like he was having a wonderful time. Only it wasn’t a smile. It’s the kind of thing that would make you cross to the other side of the street if you saw it. Even without seeing his eyes, you could tell he was mad as a bag of ferrets.”
Feeling uncharacteristically shy, John offered to help Sherlock take a shower, but Sherlock instead requested a wet flannel and some privacy. John nodded and left Sherlock to it. For a few days, John and Sherlock fell into a routine of pain medication, dressing changes, arguments over meals, and long naps. Sherlock slept more than half of each day, never got out of his pyjamas, and said little. At first, John chalked it up to the pain and the medication, the fatigue of healing, and the exhaustion of the entire ordeal. After nearly a week, however, John began to worry. As they sat across from one another in their usual chairs, John glanced over at his flatmate.
“Yeah, I know, not exactly rocket science, but we’ve only just found the poor bloke an hour ago. Best we can tell is that the murder was committed elsewhere and the body was left here for some reason. A bit too obvious for someone trying to hide the crime, so clearly there’s a message. That’s as far as we’ve got.” Lestrade rubbed his jaw, clearly not liking the situation any more than John.
“Alright. I’m heading to the Yard to see if Lestrade and his team can make anything of this. Remember, no secrets, no holding out on me.”
“Come, John, you’ve seen the forensics reports and the crime scenes. We’re not going to catch him with lab results and standard detective work. He’s playing a game that ends with me, and I’m suggesting we skip to the end. Isn’t that what you want? To spare any other
“Oh I think you’ll find that I can, John. And as you so carefully pointed out, we’ve had this conversation a dozen times and yet you still think that you have the ability to modify my behaviour in this area. Is it stupidity or just condescension, I wonder,” Sherlock sneered.
Standing in Lestrade’s office, his chest heaving with fury, he grabbed his coat and walked straight through the wall where the glass had been moments before. Lestrade gaped at him and shot him a look equal parts accusation and question. John merely offered the DI a small nod, something like an acknowledgment of the damage but not exactly an apology. As John strode out of the building and hailed a cab, he brought up the video on his phone and stared at the limp body of the man he would do anything to save.
“Oh!” John cried, far too loudly. “Wonderful! He’s got different ears and some product in his hair, so then it’s not a threat on your life. Glad to know we’ve nothing to worry about then. Fancy some telly and a game of Cluedo?”
Hours later, John was awoken by Sherlock calling out to him through the bedroom door. Instantly fully awake, John strode to the door where a positively giddy Sherlock awaited him. “There’s been another!”
“John.” Sherlock met and held John’s gaze for a moment. “I know you won’t.”  John simply nodded. After another long beat, John allowed himself to feel just how intensely he wanted to be with Sherlock and all the things he yearned to do. Ever so slightly, he loosened the tight leash he kept on his desires.
“Knowing that you heard what I said, I feel…vivisected. Calling it uncomfortable would be an understatement in the extreme. A large part of me wishes I had never said those things aloud. They were…safe, inside me. Another part of me knows that there is no sense wishing such a thing, and I need to move forward with the knowledge that you have insight into me that I realistically never intended you to have.” He paused, sipped his tea as an afterthought, then continued quietly. “I don’t know if I can be vulnerable like that. Now that you’re here.” He blew out a breath, seeming exhausted just talking.
just wasn’t working. His brain still felt sluggish. He struggled to string two thoughts together, much less work out the brilliant deductions he normally produced with hardly any effort. The kinds of deductions that made John look at him like he hung the moon.
Having eaten as much as he could bear, John brought his phone over to the table in the sitting room, propping the mobile against a pile of books. He folded his arms on the table in front of him and rested his chin atop them.
Sherlock looked up at Moriarty and hoped that his face was the neutral, bored expression he was trying so desperately to put on. In reality, he was aching, thirsty, exhausted, confused, terrified, and he needed the loo. He knew that he could only disguise his actual state for so long before time or torture wrenched the truth from him, but he wanted to delay that as long as possible.
“John,” Sherlock began, his intoxication only apparent in how long the “o” was as he said his flatmate’s name. John roused a bit and at least shifted enough so that his head lolled in Sherlock’s direction. “My feet are freezing. Let me in.” Sherlock nudged at John’s leg with his bare toes. John hummed his assent and lifted the blanket to allow Sherlock to rest his feet on John’s leg. Without consciously doing it, John rested his hand on Sherlock’s ankle and gently stroked his thumb back and forth across the top of Sherlock’s foot. The detective let out a low, soft breath that spoke of relaxation and enjoyment.
“Sherlock,” John began, pinching the bridge of his nose between his fingers, “could you at least pretend not to be so happy about this?”
Lestrade could tell this was the end of their conversation, so he returned to the conference room where he was directing his team to follow any lead they could, no matter how thin or unlikely.
John blinked at the message, then looked over at Sherlock. “We’re in the same room, you know. We could talk out loud.” A moment, then another beep.
When Sherlock finally began berating John, Mrs. Hudson, and anyone else who had the misfortune to cross his path, John knew it was time to let him take a few cases again. He had been healing well in the month or so since his abduction. John was the only one who noticed how careful he was with his arm movements, or how his left hand would tense and flex when Sherlock thought no one was looking. More than once, John had stolen a glance at the violin, tucked away in its case since…well, since before. Sherlock had finally been able to do away with the splint he wore to allow the hand to heal properly after surgery, but it was too soon to tell if he would regain full function and sensation. For the millionth time, John felt his blood boil, wishing he had five minutes alone in a room with Moriarty. The slippery bastard had escaped and gone to ground before Mycroft’s agents infiltrated the compound, leaving Moran to take the fall (and ultimately, the fatal hail of bullets).
Watson had waited at Sherlock’s side in the hospital, unable to sleep at the sight of his friend being so damaged – by his own hands as well. In the army he’d had friends die in front of him – but not like this.
John hauled Sherlock off to bed, considering it was dark out anyway, throwing the blanket on top of him lazily as Sherlock curled up and huffed about something being inconsiderate and unfair. John stared at the curls poking out from the cave Sherlock’d made in a matter of seconds. He wondered then if they were soft – he’d never felt them before. Only looked.
“Sherlock.” Watson said, his voice unsteady from the relief that his friend had woken up after four days of deadly sleep.
“The case? What does the case have to do with it?” Holmes asked, now stooping to see her face as she stared at the floor.
“You’ve been playing the song?” John asked, frowning at him now. “And listening to me? You wouldn’t be able to hear that from downstairs – did you come into my room?”
He found himself outside of 221B after thinking far too much about his flat mate, and far too little on what he was to expect upon entry. He almost felt the need to knock after only a single day. He felt out of place – it was awkward to return home now. He walked in, hearing silence. It rung in his ears like the bell of a church; far too loud and distracting for what it was.
Molly froze, staring at him with wide eyes. “You… you want to forget about John?” She asked, a nervous laugh escaping her lips. “Why would you… doesn’t he help with the cases?”
“Controllably so, John.” Sherlock responded – he was speaking slowly now. Watson was angered by this for some reason.
“Well – that first guy had thirteen. His friend there had twelve – the others had… uhh, in order of being found, ten, eleven, and nine.”
When he finished, he boiled some more water to make new tea as his had gotten too cold, and he was still hungry, and turned on the telly. He sat down with a relaxed huff and looked down at his cup as he blew over the top of it, listening to the ranting voice of a reporter on the news.
“Well, you’re wrong. Again, some kind of other deterioration – I guarantee it.” He said. “Frontal lobe, most likely – seems to be a popular location.” He said, taking his rubber gloves off and throwing them out. “Molly? Send me all the records so far. John? Come with me.”
“Most definitely.” Holmes said, staring out the window with his shirt half untucked from his dress pants, and his socks uneven on his feet. John watched him carefully, seeing his sleeves rolled up and the long, jagged scars up his arms. “I’ve been wondering why a doctor would go against his initial calling in such a way – doctors usually want to help people; nurse them back to health, save them, whatever. This one’s gone of the rails.”
Watson gave him a good long look, and then made him hot cup of tea without a word. He handed it to him gingerly, getting a nod of thanks from Sherlock as he sipped it quietly, still thinking.
“What have you done now?” Watson asked, looking to where Holmes’s hands had been moments before to see a dark spot on the counter and various pieces of… stuff… clinging to the walls and countertops. “Sherlock!” He exclaimed, going over to the scene to take a closer look. He went to touch it, but Holmes smacked his hand away.
“How would you go about your last day?” Holmes asked, frowning. He looked much more puzzled than usual – his brow was furrowed, his nose was scrunched slightly, he was tonguing his cheek absent-mindedly. He seemed rather poised about something.
“What is it we’re looking for?” Lestrade asked as Sherlock bluntly asked the file keeper to leave the room. He did after being ordered to do so by Lestrade, saying to give them five minutes.
Maybe that was exactly why; he didn’t have a good case so he wanted to solve this small mystery – one he didn’t understand in the slightest.
“No, I’m not. I’m your flat mate. And you’ve just exploded something in our kitchen.” He said, his voice repeating rhythmic patterns as he spoke as if to a child who should’ve known better.
“I’m sure you’re having a ball, dear.” Mrs. Hudson smiled, patting him on the upper arm before leaving promptly. “Let me know if John comes back!” She called as she closed the door behind her.
John was ready to lose his mind. “I’m glad you’re being considerate now,” He started, his tone already agitated, making Holmes turn on his heel to face him; “but this is ridiculous. I want to know about the case, I want to help if I can, and you’re not telling me anything – and you’re asking about how I’m feeling.” He said, waving his arms about like Holmes usually did. “I just want my old flat mate back.”
He looked around for ages, seeing nothing even close to the concoction Holmes had made – his was thick and almost fleshy – like pale skin, sickeningly white; not white enough to look clean. He went to each floor, checking broom closets and such, thinking such a substance would need to be hidden at least a little, but he found nothing. He waited outside for Holmes after he’d finished, checking his watch and wondering why he wasn’t out yet.
“Why did you get out of bed? You could hear it from your room.” Sherlock said, staring into his tea as his body moved sluggishly, but his mind clearly didn’t.
Pondering seemed like the wrong word. But so did obsessing. It was some kind of middle ground; not studying, because it was within himself.
“Well, yes, but he didn’t reply.” He promptly answered, nodding his head. Molly stared at him until he got it; John was upset with him. “Oh…” He hummed, looking to the side. “How did you know? I’m not acting any different, did John come in?” Holmes asked, frowning down at her.
He came out just as John was about to walk back in – after half an hour – and asked what had taken so long. Holmes brushed him off, saying it was nothing and they didn’t have any of the answers he was looking for. John watched him carefully, seeing his carefree stride hadn’t changed, so he followed quickly. They had a quiet ride back of Holmes thinking silently, unlike his usual self, and John wondering what had happened to Holmes while he was gone.
“Five days, huh?” John asked, going into the kitchen. “Got anything new yet? I’m assuming no murder until tomorrow.”
This made Watson turn towards him fully, almost dropping a cup on the ground. “You mean to say… the deterioration period was slow? But you said the stuff you made was fast acting. Or at least implied it.”
“Are you on something?” John asked, leaning in to get a closer look – he didn’t look like he had when he knew he was high – sunken eyes and all, but he did have the sporadic behaviour.
This time he stayed in bed, not wanting to dismay Sherlock, and let the song lull him gently to sleep.
Watson rolled his eyes, having Sherlock remove the peas after a couple minutes so he could assess the cuts. Only one was bad enough to do anything about. He grabbed some medical tape and gauze, gently attaching it to his cheek.
Over the next three days there were two more murders – six and five puncture wounds, both hospital patients within the last two months. Holmes had hardly stopped pacing, and when he did he played violin. John rubbed his temples on his chair, not knowing what was going on anymore – there was a murderer at large they couldn’t find, biological evidence was yet to be found, and a motive was nowhere to be seen.
“I doubt Mycroft would be able to prevent any of the deaths in time. I’ll leave it to him if I run out of time – I still have eight days.”
Sherlock was discharged within the week after begrudgingly agreeing to eat properly and drink water when it was requested of him. He immediately requested tea and played the violin. He stood by the window, playing melodically as John watched from the kitchen, arms crossed over his chest as he listened to the kettle start to agitate.
John didn’t understand Holmes’s philosophy of human attachment being a defect. He understood that he believed it with his whole being, along with Mycroft, but he didn’t understand why he was so attached to that rule – and why at this mess of not being able to take care of himself came with it.
“You’re not letting me do my experiments. They help me warm up my mind for a case.” He grumbled, rolling onto his back and crossing his arms over his chest. “Why did I want you as a flat mate?”
“By your standards, I guess so.” John nodded, feeling amused and happy that Holmes was back to his usual self – he wasn’t sure what had happened over those two days, but it must’ve been influential.
“Off what?” John asked as Sherlock bustled towards the door, throwing the peas onto the couch as he went. John glanced down at the tea he’d just made, but quickly decided to follow Sherlock.
“Right… okay, so that’s not an option…” John nodded, tilting his head. “What about Mycroft, have you asked him? If he has any ideas, I mean.” John crossed his ankle over his knee, placing his arms comfortably on the armrests of his chair.
“Quite right.” Holmes said, interpreting what she’d said slightly wrong – that people were sensitive at the wrong times, not that they were sensitive, and sometimes things affected them more than at others.
John was out getting groceries the following afternoon, the thought of 221B making his stomach turn. He didn’t want to go back to be bombarded with questions and not having time to give answers – it was a Q and A without the A, and it made his head spin to think about it. He thought of the case as he wandered aimlessly down the aisle, his eyes wandering without seeing.
“If you hear from him you’ll let me know.” Holmes said, nodding toward Molly. “I’m not sure where he’s gone, but I’m about positive that he’s not back at the flat the way he left this morning.”
“John, that song makes you toss and turn in the night, you left for a day with no explanation upon leaving or return, and you’re not talking to me anymore.”
A full week. A full seven days. He sat in that chair, badly needing a massage, food, and a big glass of water, but he wouldn’t leave.
“Deaths – hospital deaths, relocated critical patients, causes of sudden illness – I think one of the doctors is the murderer.”
That was precisely the moment that Watson felt nothing for Holmes. It was as if he’d been purged from his life suddenly and he couldn’t care less – Watson felt numb. Something about the combination of what Holmes had done and what he had said had put him off – he was angry.
“No, that’s not what I said at all, John. Are you listening?” Holmes asked, finally taking his hands out of his pockets and pacing. “I’m quite out of my element – I’m not good with… people.” He said, one hand running over his mouth.
Holmes stared at him, frowning slightly. “Right.” He said slowly, rolling up his sleeves. “Inspect away, Doctor Watson.” Holmes said, sticking his arms out toward John.
Sherlock felt nauseated, his throat feeling awfully dry and his eyes and nose running. He put a hand to his neck as he doubled over, falling to his knees as he retched and brought up the only food he’d had in ages. He stared down in confusion, not understanding.
“How much do you think about him?” She asked, frowning, not understanding how it could possibly interfere with his case – he was always so concentrated on them.
He neglected to remember that alcohol can only amplify what’s already there, not create something new.
!” He said, pulling the man’s jacket open, lifting his shirt to show a small, reddish spot on his stomach.
“Right, yes, that… makes sense.” John nodded, sipping at his lukewarm tea with dissatisfaction. “Well… what, no sight-seeing today?” John teased, still having no clue as to what made him suddenly want to tour London – he’d already memorized every inch of it, no doubt.
“Right, okay.” John said, throwing out the trash and putting the leftovers in the barren fridge. “Fire away.” He said since Holmes hadn’t responded yet.
Twenty-four hours passed as John effectively ignored the existence of his flat mate. He was getting tired of his façade that he was just some regular old, touchy-feely guy off the street who needed to share the cost of rent because he’d been some drug addict before or something and was three weeks clean – hardly impressive, but to them a world of difference was being made.
“No, I wouldn’t think of it.” Holmes said, waving him off. “I stood outside your room in the hallway.”
Holmes heard the creak of Watson’s bed from downstairs, knowing he was now going to sleep. He knew John couldn’t sleep very well when he played violin, so he went and grabbed it, standing by their large window, and began to play.
“Peachy.” He said, seeming genuine – his eyes were soft, his lips were gently closed in a passive manner. He seemed blissful – or high. Or both.
“Eight days for four people that you’re letting down.” John said, trying to get some reaction out of him.
“Who?” John asked, frowning at the question – he had forgotten about the case altogether. He just wanted Sherlock to be back – also, “Oh, yeah, him… yeah, we caught him.”
“Want to… look at another case while we wait?” John asked, finding it unusual how mopey Sherlock seemed.
“Yes, quite. You’d want to run because you know she’s dead – being logical. Or fight, because you know it can’t be her and someone’s just pissing you off.”
Sherlock was out for a lot longer than Watson expected; he was clearly doing other things besides just dropping off a jar of stuff to Lestrade. He stood and grabbed his phone, seeing he’d gotten a text from Sherlock.
“Went to see Lestrade, stopped in with Molly to confirm a few things, then came home.” He said, smiling slightly.
“Sherlock, you just about died!” Watson, yelled, earning him an eye roll from Holmes. “You can’t just… do that! For God’s sake!” He was red in the face by then, his face contorted in completely rational anger.
He put the bread in the kitchen, then walked around to see if Holmes was here. There was no way he was asleep at this hour – he must’ve been working on the case. The unsolvable case; no motive, no common enemy – a doctor, with patients… acid, organ removal – organ theft – and no motive. It made no sense.
She smiled, standing up. “I’ll see you soon, then.” She slung her bag over her shoulder, promptly walking out the door.
He heard a loud, irritated groan from Watson’s room, a smirk playing on his lips. He swayed back and forth with the music slightly, hearing Watson toss and turn.
Sherlock looked at him, his eyes sliding sluggishly across the room to land on him. Their eyes locked, Sherlock’s looking dull and inhuman for a moment before he nodded his head and the corners of his mouth pulled up just enough to notice. “Sure. Thanks, John.”
Sherlock hung up, making Watson shake his head disapprovingly, yet there was a small smile on his lips. He expected no more and no less from Sherlock Holmes, his flat mate for which he made rules to read over once a week.
He walked into the flat and saw John had hardly moved – he was typing away and rubbing his temples, typing and rubbing.
Now he was pacing and babbling on and on relentlessly – there was too much going on in his mind. There was this intricate series of murders that was taking much too long for him so solve and John’s flip-flopping behavior that was driving him mad. He had to get to the bottom of at least one within daylight hours or he’d be driven to pure madness. No more of this half-way crap.
“It was test. I knew you wouldn’t like it so I went out without you, then hid my face upon coming inside, hoping you’d go to bed before I got bored out of my
“Precisely… I’m thinking that the older victims are the ones dying now – but then why would he have an underdeveloped acid at the beginning? One so fast acting?”
John awoke the next morning with a happy feeling – he wasn’t sure why, but he did. Sherlock knew why, though. He’d been up most of the night playing that song again – he found that the slower and softer he played it the happier John was in his sleep. He even opened John’s door slightly to play it more clearly to him – and to see what his sleeping reaction was. John just smiled in his sleep; the creases making his face look lighter somehow.
“I knew you wouldn’t like what I’m doing, so I elected to leave you behind.” Sherlock answered promptly, making Watson stop his pacing to process what he’d just heard.
“Sorry…” John said, frowning, wanting to know more. “What did you do while you were out?” He asked, picking up the newspaper to pretend to look it over. He wanted to seem relaxed – like Holmes could tell the difference in whether it was genuine relaxation anyway.
“Right, right, I haven’t forgotten the incident. But why were you so upset? Was it because you too wouldn’t be able to pay the rent here? That must be it.” He said, staring blankly at the ceiling. He was completely serious. He really thought that it must have been to pay rent that Watson had lost it when it happened.
people are so bland - no offense.” He said, glancing at John as he got a glare shot at him. He cleared his throat, then continued; “The injection was placed here to create problems in the bowels, causing the diminishing of the interior walls of the digestive tract – hence why this one is red, because the skin is irritated from the leaking bowels.” He said, a smile still stuck on his face.
They stayed silent for a long while after that, neither of them wanting or needing to say a word. Watson soon went to bed, crawling under the covers with a somewhat disgruntled sigh.
He felt for John, though. He felt happy around John – even when John was getting after him for breaking the fridge rules. He felt sad for John when he was tossing and turning and he couldn’t do anything to help – well, he could, but he wouldn’t because he didn’t want John to know he cared. It was a weakness – nothing more.
“What? What did you find?” He asked, and Holmes grinned so wide you’d think his mouth was being stretched open with hooks.
Holmes stared at the plans for hardly a minute before telling John to make sure he bolted his windows that night.
“Well, you seem agitated by my violin once more, you disappeared for a day, and suddenly you don’t care when I leave – but you pretend to uphold your silly rules still-”
“Why, what’s going on?” Watson asked, knocking again – he wasn’t sure why, but he was getting quite panicked.
“Sorry about him… and for your loss. It’s a terrible thing…” Watson said. Jordan nodded his thanks, trying to smile before he left, but his face ended up falling into a desperately upset expression.
John stared at him until the unsettling image was locked into his mind. His eyes wide and green, staring out the window and holding the world within them, oceans and lakes settling and swirling and yet stationary. His nose, twitching every once in a while as he tried to keep his mouth closed, and his mouth itself, the floodgates with more and more build-up behind them as he wanted to ramble on and on forever. His shoulders were square, but unevenly so. His hands were locked in his lap, his thumbs twitching to twiddle, but not succumbing. John’s eyes remembered every piece of him – how his shoe-clad feet were perfectly still, and yet there seemed to be invisible movement around them, and how his sitting position; his shoulders were uneven because his hips were rotated. John stared at his hips for a long time, wondering if he always sat like that and he’d never noticed, or if he was just in an odd position for the time being. He decided the latter, for he’d never noticed that before.
Was the first victim an experiment, as it seemed? Or just a clumsy murder? Or a purposeful cue – had there been murders previous he did not know about because there were no signs of artificially-caused death? He ruled that out for now to keep things simple. He wondered how such a person could come up with something so exact – reverse counting, logged with injection sites, purposefully left for him to find – and over what time period? A month? A year?
“Exactly, John. So, what did he do to make it so slow? He couldn’t’ve watered it down, that doesn’t work – he had to weaken it. I looked at some different acids, and how they react with stomach fluid as well as how they deteriorate inside one’s body.” Sherlock said, realizing this sounded tremendously concerning as Watson’s face contorted in pained worry. “I was safe, I only ingested a small amount – nowhere near sickening, nevermind fatal-”
“Thank you, Molly.” He said, making her look down bashfully. “I really do appreciate everything you do for me.”
Watson hailed a cab once more, getting a ride back. He mumbled to himself what a waste of money it was on the way, his body tense.
“I want your opinion on something;” Holmes started, reengaging his stride to go along the length of the room. “John has been going pale recently – for seemingly no reason. He did so last night and again just now. I’m not sure why – you’d think he’d go red in the face because it’s been quite hot in our flat, but he does the exact opposite – is he ill?”
“Yes, I know, but I was completely safe. I took every precaution. As it turns out, there’s one acid that when mixed correctly is weak, and strengthens within the bowels because of the internal mix-up of bile in there.” Sherlock started pacing again, hearing the kettle start to rumble gently.
“But I was wrong about you.” John said, his voice suddenly empty. It was hardly John’s voice anymore – the only thing that made it his was the fact that it came from his body. “I didn’t see you were doing all those things because you knew it was you, I didn’t clue in that you were eating because you saw the end… And yet you still walked into it – actually, Sherlock why did you go there without me?”
“Right, so… let’s say we somehow found out that the next victim is… you, let’s say.” Holmes said, steepling his fingers under his chin. John felt an unparalleled satisfaction to see that again. He didn’t even mind that Holmes was plotting his murder.
It was blank. It was as if Holmes wasn’t there – as if his words weren’t really reaching him. He poked him, earning himself a glare so full of irritation it made him stand up straight. “I’m going out.” John said, leaving the tea half-made as he went toward the door, grabbing his jacket and leaving without another word, having Holmes’s confused words follow him out.
Holmes sat on the couch into the wee hours of the morning, only realizing it was such a time when he realized John hadn’t returned, and then realized that it was much too late for a hope of him coming back before the Sun was to come back up. He sighed heavily, retreating to his bedroom for the night, only to lay on his back staring at the ceiling, wondering what on Earth had happened to cause such a reaction.
Watson didn’t think about this much though, since there was a bag of blood being filtered into his friend and that, along with the morphine, could’ve very well been doing that. He wasn’t on a breathing machine, but that was upon Mycroft’s request – he said he’d be fine in time.
He huffed, running a gloved hand through his hair in irritation. “You’re not my mother!” He yelled, facing Watson fully now.
“Fine, fine.” He sighed, crossing his arms and huffing like a child. “Then answer me this – why has John left again?”
“You don’t sound fine – what have you done to yourself? Are you on drugs?” Watson asked, banging on the door again, then finally stepping back to kick the door in, causing it to break and swing open.
“Well… it’s just…” She said, biting her lip and looking at the door to make sure Holmes wasn’t coming back. “He… he came asking about you and how to make you feel better. He said you were off – irritable and such… he was worried.”
“John?” He coughed as the tube down his throat choked him. John’s head snapped up as he saw his friend immediately struggling against the tube that was helping him breathe only seconds before – he pressed the button to call a nurse several shaky times and told Sherlock to calm down.
“Y-yes, John, I am in here – please do not come in.” Watson heard from the other side of the door – his voice sounded soft and shaky, more emotional than Watson had ever heard it sincerely. He often faked things like emotion for cases but outside of that he was always quite monotone.
“The mental state… I guess so, but… you love this – how would you know about that, if anything it improves your mental state.” John commented, folding his newspaper and putting it aside. Something was wrong with Holmes.
“Oh?” John asked sarcastically, not understanding the use of the word “dilemma” as Holmes chose his words very carefully, and that one seemed a bit… romantic. Was that the right word? It seemed like a word only really used in the movies – a cliché.
They pulled in, John getting out just after Holmes. Holmes walked toward the building, John on his heels – with much less effort than usual. Holmes was in a casual stroll, his feet laying smoothly across the concrete with each step. What happened to him?
John’s heart raced – he couldn’t do this again; not for real. It was hard enough last time. It was too hard. He couldn’t lose another one – not him, not again, not now. Not now.
“Try… being nice.” She smiled, nodding, feeling her insides turn with guilt and turmoil. “Listen to what he has to say, pay attention to him, don’t leave without him…” Molly suggested, tilting her head to the side as she looked back down at her current task. She was writing notes down about something or rather, but she couldn’t concentrate. She put down the pen and stared up at him. “Sherlock, don’t lie to me.” She blurted. “How do you feel around John.”
“Right, yes, thank you Jordan. You’re free to go. Here’s some money for a coffee, or a drink.” Sherlock said, dropping various, somewhat useless coins into the man, Jordan’s, hand. Watson frowned, then handed him a tenner.
“A method of escape – the man had no injuries on him though, so clearly my method was not the one he used.”
John arose much later in the morning than he usually did – he was a wreck. There were dark circles under his eyes – darker than the receding colours on Holmes’s face – and his eyelids wouldn’t open quite fully. Holmes watched him go by towards the washroom with confusion – his mind strayed toward why the song upset him now rather than soothed.
“Right, so you want me to pop in to look at a dead body, of whom seemingly died of natural causes – but you have a suspicion it was a murder?” Sherlock mused, his facial expression void of any kind of hint as to what he was thinking.
“I… I did.” John said, frowning as he followed his flat mate – this was not was he was expecting in the slightest. “What happened? You look like you’ve been asleep for a week.”
“Two, two, two left, eleven done, all out of sequence and in perfect order – contradictory, a doctor that murders, contradictory; contradiction. Main target – anyone, it’s a serial killer, there’s no pattern to be seen except that they all come from the hospital…” Holmes mumbled to himself as he walked around the flat, getting quieter as he was closer in proximity to John until he was silent around him, and then his volume rose again once he was getting further.
“Quite the contrary.” Holmes said, a smirk tugging at the corner of his mouth. “I’ve found everything I need. You’re coming back to Baker Street, right? You’ve got to stop disappearing on me, I really do appreciate your company.”
“Haven’t missed much. Eleven days for six murders – maybe tomorrow. Shouldn’t be one today. That wouldn’t be very organized for such an organized killer.”
“Lestrade asks me about anything he doesn’t understand, John. He never understands murder. Part of the reason I have my job as a consulting detective.”
Caring was not an advantage – it was just a way for people to get to you. And for Holmes, that’s all people wanted to do; get to him. There was nothing that would please others more than to find out he was human after all.
“Molly Hooper,” He said upon entrance, a dazzling smile on his face. Molly was shocked, her smile flickering on and off her face. “I have a question for you, since I’m sure you’ll be able to answer it with your experience.”
“Have I?” The voice asked, stepping into view. A trench coat, collar turned up, scarf around the neck, and curly black locks atop. Sherlock was looking into a metaphorical mirror. “I’d hardly say that.” He continued, walking to the left. Sherlock watched him closely, mirroring his movements. “I’ve planned this out… you know I have.”
“What about?” John asked, glancing toward her, double taking as she was looking down at her twiddling thumbs nervously. “What about, Molly?” He repeated, facing her fully now.
He missed the sound of the violin being played outside his door. He missed the sarcasm and how he degraded everyone because he was, in fact, intellectually superior to most. His observation skills were unparalleled, there was no question about it.
“Yes – I thought he’d finally gotten a stomach bug – but he seemed much too calm. He knew he wasn’t sick, he knew something was up – but I didn’t pick up on that. I thought maybe he was just having a bad time and didn’t want to come see me, but…”
The tossing stopped. Sherlock played quietly and smoothly; hearing repeated deep, relaxed sighs from John’s room. The sound was a happy sound to Sherlock and gave him enough peace to sleep minimal hours that night – many more than previous nights.
And upon Holmes’s return, Watson enforced these rules strictly and without restraint. He was angry, and he was letting it rule him.
“Isn’t it wonderful, the games you can play.” He said. “You can dance for a song, but when it ends…” Sherlock stopped there, and so did the murderer. “It’s your unlucky day, Sherlock.” He said. “How ironic it’s Friday the thirteenth, hm?”
“No wonder you’ve been acting so strange…” John said, shaking his head. “Thanks, again.” He said as he opened it up and smelled the food, sighing in amazement at how good plain chow-mein noodles suddenly smelled.
Sherlock, however, was in a foul mood. He had read over the rules on the fridge – every time he did so he got disgruntled. He did try to follow them a little bit for John’s ease of mind, but he hated them. John sat in his chair, his hair still stringy and damp from having freshened up, and opened the newspaper that was nicely placed on the table beside him.
He caught a cab over and went in for the run-over from Molly. Seven puncture wounds for the seventh victim – the middle-point. Molly slipped in a “how are you and John?” that Holmes ignored extremely effectively. As he was walking out she stopped him, standing between him in the door, making him pause. He stared down at her as her eyes locked on the table just behind him.
“John’s been acting strange, and it’s bothering me, but I need to concentrate on the case. How do I forget about him?”
“He had been to the hospital for wisdom tooth removal – quite late, but he had. I took this date into mind along with the one on which he was found dead, and had a realization. John, he was forcibly used as a test subject. Someone had snuck into his room while he was unconscious and injected him with it, causing a slow deterioration of his insides.”
“Right…” John sighed, decided to chug the tea and scorch his throat, preparing himself for a whole day of Holmes’s flip-floppiness.
There was a silence for quite a while. Dusk approached fast, the sky turning a murky tomato-esk colour, and Holmes hadn’t snapped out of his strange behaviour. John didn’t know what to do – or if there was anything to be done.
“Not at all. He’s too nice, and it irks me.” John said, crossing his arms. “He said he had talked to Greg and you yesterday, and that’s when he started getting all… fluffy.” He said, gesturing to where Holmes had just left the room. “He did, didn’t he?”
“Have you gone to the friend to ask what the guy said to him?” Watson asked, finally pouring the hot water over the teabags in the cups.
Murders – he needed to concentrate on those. Another one, seven puncture wounds, the half-way point with twelve days remaining. What was he to do? He knew it was the acid, to the stomach. Molly had revealed that much in her report. But this was getting ridiculous – he knew it must be a doctor. That also explained his hunch about the wisdom teeth for the first victim. But what would this doctor have against all these people? Patients, even. It made no sense. There had to be a motive – no one kills for kicks. No one.
“Coffee?” John asked after a while, feeling as if he was in a dream – Sherlock was awake, complaining about the IVs and saying he wanted to go back to 221B despite the refusal to be discharged from the hospital staff.
Sherlock breathed slowly and his heart rate slowly increased – then he’d suddenly breathing fast, have one slow breath, and his heart rate would slow right back down to a slower-than-average pace. Then the cycle would repeat – it looped every ten minutes or so. Watson was sure it wasn’t healthy, but there was nothing he could do.
“Because you were being a cock.” John said, crossing his arms over his chest defensively. “I needed space. And you’re making me want it again.”
“I’ve only just got up three hours ago, John. What do you expect of me?” Sherlock asked, going over the couch to thump down quickly as he had finished ranting.
“No. Of course not. Too much to think about.” He said, looking at Watson as if he was the stupidest person on Earth for a mere moment before softening his gaze once more to fixate on the wall.
“Of course.” Sherlock said as if that was a ridiculous question. John smiled a bit, standing up to get some.
A doctor would, however, stand by his side, make him breakfast, aid him on the way home after getting drunk, sit with him in the hospital as his blood supply was replenished, hold frozen peas to his face so he could continue his work; he had a doctor of his very own, so no, he didn’t have two doctors on his case. Just one.
“Stopped in to see Lestrade and then Molly… I just told you that. Is something wrong?” He said, frowning at John.
They got to the lab where they were running tests on the man’s body to see if he had high levels of metal, or any sort of injectable substance that could’ve caused his system to shut down. They weren’t finding anything.
“I… see a murdered man, presumably with… three puncture wounds… maybe one of the older victims – who was actually injected with the stuff earlier, but has died now, in sequence again.” John shrugged, reading it over to see that there was deterioration in the bowels and, again, the frontal lobe. The liver seemed very saturated with toxins as well, as was to be expected.
As it turned out, Sherlock was up all night trying to figure out what about that song had made Watson give that reaction. Especially since a moment before he had been so irritable about his violin playing.
The heart monitor was unsteady – it’d speed up, then drop off. Speed up, drop off. He was allowed into his room when they were done. He went in to see his best friend with a tube down his throat and IVs in his arm. Blood on one, morphine on the other as he guessed. He didn’t look at that for long. He sat in his chair, his heart having sunk to the bottom of his ribcage.
“It’s not about that,” John sighed, rubbing his forehead, putting shade over his eyes. He took a deep breath, composing himself. “You’re acting as a normal flat mate would, I get that. But I enjoy sharing a flat with Sherlock Holmes, not some random bloke off the street.”
“Not in the mood?” John asked, almost laughing at the idea. “What kind of moods do you have? You hardly seem any different – kind of mopey, maybe, but… well, we have groceries, will you eat?” John asked, raising his eyebrows as he stood.
“I’d doubt it myself, but it’s a possibility I suppose.” Watson said, having wished he’d kept his mouth shut – Sherlock was so open to any idea plausible it was almost frightening.
“Quite the contrary, John. Same man, taking these organs that were unaffected to see how he could affect them with the acid at all – and then how to maneuver the acid to those areas for a more confusing, less pin-pointed murder.”
“I know you’re skeptical and want your proof, but this one had no injections and a totally different tactic. And a motive.”
“He must work in a hospital – access to medical records, to patients for minor testing – but then why would he kill those two men? Why would he do that if – and the extra puncture wounds…”
It happened a couple of times, and Watson was amazed that he never got an infection from how open the wounds stayed from something as small as playing the violin – the constant movement of tendons prevented proper healing. Especially since he played for hours on end, ignoring the burning sensation he got. It was lucky he didn’t play guitar with two hands with vigorous finger movement – or piano, for that matter. At least one hand was mostly unmoving.
“Sherlock.” Watson said, walking into the kitchen. “What about that would I not have liked? Were you just pulling my leg?”
They hailed a cab, Holmes waving his arm and one pulling over immediately – they seemed to live on a busy street for cabs. They got in and pulled away quickly, almost the whole ride being silent. They were nearing the hospital when John spoke up. “Game plan?” He asked, looking out the window.
“Sherlock?” A voice called from down the hallway, followed by stiff and decently-paced heel clicks. “Sherlock, is that you?” Mrs. Hudson appeared in the kitchen, giving Holmes a look at the sight of him – she hadn’t seen him with a bruised-up face yet. She took a good look, then asked how he’d done it. He brushed her off.
How does one sleep soundly when there’s inconsistent music coming from downstairs and a thunderous storm raging outside one’s window? Watson sure knew how. He’d slept through many things, and this was nothing by comparison.
“Sherlock.” John said, listening to the babbling but not comprehending what it meant. When it continued for longer than ten seconds and Holmes hadn’t stopped to listen John lost his temper. “Sherlock!” He yelled, his fists balled at his sides.
“John!” Holmes yelled, walking out of the room. He poked his head back to the doorway to thank Molly – John had just reached the door by this time with Lestrade.
Sherlock left to get more supplies for experiments, leaving Watson with the flat to himself. He decided he’d clean a bit.
John fixated his eyes on the victim, going directly to the feet to check for any sign of oxygen injection.
“Where has he gone?” Holmes asked, now walking around her, expecting her to follow. She did just that.
“I’ll bring in a sample.” Sherlock said, walking out. Watson then clued in that that’s what he was making in the kitchen – Sherlock had known what happened already, and was figuring out what was injected into him…
He was slowly sipping away at a cup of tea that Watson was sure Sherlock didn’t make for himself – he wasn’t sure
Sherlock hung up before Watson could yell at him any further about how he could’ve just said so and spared the arguing.
He quietly made his way up toward John’s room, stood just outside the door, and quietly played the same song once more for John.
“Put this on.” Sherlock said, his voice muffled by the newly seen gas mask he had over his face. He handed one matching his own to Watson, who stared down at it.
“Sherlock?” Watson had called, and hearing no response he checked Sherlock’s room. No one – not in the kitchen or lounge either. His coat was still on the rack so he wasn’t out. His violin was sitting next to the couch he’d have his hissy fits on, and his tea was left alone to get cold.
He tried to find a motive, but found nothing once more – it was hard when he didn’t know who the murderer was. Counting – that was all he’d found. A backwards count, downwards towards a final goal.
Holmes paused, wondering how he could answer any differently than he already had. “What do you mean? I already answered that question.”
“Are you serious?” He asked, coughing again. He realized this was his answer and put it on, knowing Sherlock wanted to talk to him if he gave him a way to stay in the room a tad longer.
ing, praising Watson’s intelligence. He smiled at this, the left side of his mouth turning upwards more than the right.
“No clue. He didn’t say, just said he wouldn’t be long.” John sighed, stepping out into the horrendous weather and getting into a cab. “I’m coming to the station – start gathering people to look for him. He’s got himself into trouble and I know it.”
“I’m grabbing some sulfuric acid, nitric acid, and hydrochloric acid.” Sherlock responded, leaving John to sit there in estranged silence for a moment.
“I boiled water for your tea.” Sherlock said, making Watson raise his eyebrows. He went to the kitchen and poured it over a teabag, figuring it not worth it to question his timing, letting it steep as Sherlock continued.
“How so?” John asked, closing his laptop and setting it aside, sounding defensive. Holmes locked eyes with him then, frowning.
“I dunno, wanted to hear it more clearly I suppose.” Watson shrugged, setting down his tea to look at Sherlock. “Why do you ask? Is something about it troubling you?”
But, why had John gone pale like that? There was no feasible explanation – he wasn’t getting sick or he’d have only gotten up this morning to be sick at the toilet – but he was clearly freshening up. Holmes just couldn’t wrap his head around it – it was something he was never quite perfect with; human emotion. He himself couldn’t mimic it perfectly – and that was purely because he didn’t know it well enough. He could cry, he could stutter, but he couldn’t feel. At least, not to that extent.
John stood there in shocked silence, his body stiff until he hugged him back, accepting his apology and eventually saying it wasn’t needed – that it wasn’t completely his fault, that he was trying to be the best friend he could.
“Do you have a death wish?” He asked, having just put rubber gloves on his hands to slowly peel a piece of the stuff from the wall, then place it onto a Petri dish to look at under his microscope. “Honestly, John. I’m not doing anything terribly bad.”
“My mind is working at half-capacity, even in my mind palace.” Holmes said, not feeling like explaining why, even when John asked.
