Bleary eyes turned to stare at the door, which Tony knew was locked. He had tried many times to find a way out of this space, but there was no place of exit. He nearly begged Cali to just let him go and damn the consequences, at least he could try. There had to be some way to leave. She had helped last time, so why wasn’t she helping him now when he really needed it?
Then Clint added,
Ryder reached into his briefcase and pulled out a party invite. “I figured, since you all live together you wouldn’t need multiple invites. I will give you further details as the day approaches. If you have any more questions, just let me know.”
Tony frowned. “I don’t want to bring Miles especially with…” His sentence broke off.
“But you’ll have to be patient. Because I intend on drawing this one out for you,” Steve teased.
“Mr. Barton I am not just an intern, I’m…” Peter began, but was interrupted by Pepper.
Bucky nodded. “Yeah, I’ll do the same. Meet you in the kitchen.”
Harley gave out a long groan. “Ugh, dad please this is not the time for a pep-talk over how unfortunately boring Peter is. It’s not okay to lie.”
, Steve thought to himself.
“Captain?” FRIDAY repeated.
He felt himself rising in panic and tried to bring it in, close to his chest. He couldn’t, wouldn’t do this here. Then suddenly as if finally the world was on his side, the door opened.
“Which it won’t,” Fury agreed, before leaving.
Julie laughed into her hand. “Okay.” She made a not so discreet wink toward Natasha.
This was different.
“And you denied him of that,” she settled. Her mouth quivered as she struggled to compose herself. A sigh escaped her lips and she turned her face to look toward the ceiling. “But Tony is always going to be my family. Mine and Rhodey’s.”
“Did that night at the gala mean nothing to you? Did my confession to you that day you came back from your trip mean nothing to you?” Steve whispered. “I love you Tony. Nothing you say or do is ever going to alter my love for you.
Tony looked like a dear caught in headlights as Clint continued talking. Clint didn’t stop talking even though he wanted to, but this seemed to have opened a floodgates of everything.
Tony’s heart was nowhere near the point where it could take all that stress of one of the kids potentially breaking something. Thankfully, Peter and Harley were rather helpful in keeping the running to the minimum…that is when they weren’t engaged in the running itself.
Tony sobered up pretty quickly after that, eyes sharply moving back to the cracked open door at the end of his bed.
“Sure, you didn’t. Just like you didn’t know that your dad’s interference took away all my scholarships, so I had to take three years off of college trying to pay back loans and save up for college. My reputation was in the dirt because your dear old dad.”
“Yes, I mean I saw Flash cornering Harley and so you know I stepped in. It didn’t really escalate above a few shoving. No one got hurt,” Peter explained.
It had been hard getting Miles to not stay attached to Tony’s hip, when May had brought him back. Tony couldn’t hardly blame him. He didn’t want to stray too far away from his bambino either. So he had allowed Miles to sleep in between Steve and himself for those past few weeks.
Steve slouched in his chair. “Great. That’s what I thought.”
Isak stopped her with a kiss to the forehead. Looking into her eyes, he addressed her saying, “Eva, how about you take the kids to their room, while I see why my brother has chosen to visit.”
And the restaurant is La Venia’s.
But he wouldn’t stop. He couldn’t stop yet.
Steve rested a hand on Tony’s back and rubbed smooth circles. Tony’s knuckles whitened as his grip on the counter tightened. Steve continued rubbing his back and then slowly with his other hand removed Tony’s hands from the kitchen counter.
He looked at Tony and moved his body to his side. His fingers trembled as he hovered them above Tony’s body, afraid that if he touched him he would disappear. But he needed to touch him to make sure that he was there, that Steve hadn’t killed him.
“Steve, I feel it. I don’t…I’ve been working on it, but I know what I feel,” Wanda said increasingly growing more frustrated. Vision put a calming hand on her back and she forced herself to exhale. “Sorry I just…”
“I think you know,” Steve let on.
Steve?
Tony laughed at Steve’s affronted look. “Alright Jaime I think you’ve hurt his feelings enough. Let me have a try.”
Natasha ran her eyes over the room and noticed a group of girls huddled in the corner with an assortment of yarn, plastic silverware, and glue rested in the middle of their circle. Natasha looked at Tony in askance.
“Hey what’s wrong?” Steve questioned.
Steve smiled at how adorable it was hearing a four year old call him captain. “Yes, Miles? I thought you were going to wake up your baba.”
“What happened?”
Everyone minus Steve had the decency to look ashamed and bury their faces back into their packets. Meanwhile Steve stared stone faced at Isa. Despite the stoniness of Steve’s expression, Isa continued on.
“You know he’s allergic to red sauce, right?” Harley stated worriedly.
Bucky watched as Steve grabbed pasta and put it dryly in the pan. His eyes widened and he hurriedly ran over to stop Steve from turning the stove on. He sent an internal thank you to FRIDAY for letting him know that Steve was attempting to cook.
“Again, something that we will have to seriously discuss when you come back,” Bruce said suddenly looking tired.
“What? Not going to say anything? Lover boy use up all the words tonight?” Ryder joked.
Thor smiled brightly. “Tony! How I have missed your tiny human body.”
Anyways thanks for all the comments, kudos, bookmarks, etc. you make me want to continue writing even when I would rather take a nap lol :)
He leaned up closer to him, his small body almost in Tony’s lap. Tony then had to situate Miles so that he wouldn’t fall off of him. Turning his head away, Miles looked at Tony as if he wanted to say something. His mouth opened and his eyes grew brightly, before he was yanked up by Peter.
“No, Steve. Just say it for what it is. You’re leaving me because I’m fucking broken and I can’t be fixed,” Tony joked lacking any amusement. “You’re leaving me because I’m just not good enough for you to stay.”
Tony tried ignoring how all of this made him feel light. It was a weird feeling. He felt light, but he also felt weighed down by some invisible pressure. He felt the need to sob and yet he also felt the desire to pull Ryder in closer.
Seeing the shards of glass sticking to Tony’s palm, Steve quickly went to grab Tony’s hand so he wouldn’t wipe the soft skin of his face with his bloodied hand.
“That sounds about right,” Tony agreed.
“Look I’m fine. I’m just at the park with Miles and Peter. I’ll probably be back in another hour or so.”
“You know you’re such a beautiful person Tony,” Ryder admitted. “It’s a shame you had to go and ruin your face like this.”
Tony discreetly wiped at his lip and tried not staring at Steve’s. By Natasha’s unimpressed glare he knew he was not successful. Tony returned his gaze to Natasha and smiled widely.
Sam shrugged and mumbled something about spies. He looked up from where he was stirring his batter. Before Sam had the chance to enter, Bucky walked into the kitchen rubbing bleary eyes. Sam rolled his eyes at the mere presence of Bucky and sighed loudly. Bucky merely gave a dry smirk in response.
Lying down after Tony successfully managed to get Steve to his sixth orgasm via a hand-job, since even he knew when to tap out after Steve had eaten him out to the point where Tony was so shaky at some point his eyes blacked out for a moment. Steve had only managed to get him to four because Tony was so determined to fixate on Steve. He was not going to lose and besides that meant Steve could always aim for the fifth orgasm another day.
Tony frowned at him. “He doesn’t get to me. He hasn’t said anything that anyone hasn’t said before.”
Steve stopped for a moment to clear his throat. “And so I kept being cold and I kept waking up feeling like this wasn’t the time I was supposed to be in. People kept wanting me to adapt quickly and be Captain America as though no time had passed.”
“I’ll give you three days with him. I need to have him back and sober by then. He has a kid to take care of unfortuntely,” Ryder instructed. “I’ll be back then. Do level three.”
As they laid there together, Steve ran his hands through Tony’s damp curls that clung to the nape of his neck. Pressing a small kiss at the top of his head, Steve shifted his body as if wanting to bring himself closer, even though there was no way that could be possibly achieved.
And Steve had respected that and so when Tony asked him on a date four months ago, ready to try once again they opened their hearts up to one another one more time. They knew there was love there, but Tony was never quite sure how to bring those words up knowing the weight and power they held.
A tremendous thank you to everyone who has commented, given kudos, bookmarked, etc. You made me want to finish this for y'all when I wanted to be that author who gave up and leave things unfinished. You inspired me to continue. Here's to you my loves. May you all have wonderful lives and happiness move forward. Until next time.
“Okay,” Tony said.
“Alright, let’s go,” Tony said, following Fury to the unmarked car.
Tony returned the smile.
Well, if Tony had forgotten what it felt like when Steve hit Tony’s chest with the shield, he certainly remembered now. The fingers at his chest shortly lost its rhythm before he began a steady tapping once more.
Tony shook his head and laughed. He began to walk back and forth. “I don’t get it,” he murmured to himself then louder to Steve. “I don’t get it.”
The doctor brightened and waved him off. “Of course, of course. I’m sorry. Sometimes I forget that this time you’re not here to visit the kids, but because Mr. Stark’s in here. Please do check on him and whenever it is convenient for you come find me and you can visit the kids. And maybe when Mr. Stark’s up to it he can come as well.”
Tony shook his head. “No, no. You’ve already had a long day at work. It’s fine honestly. I’m sorry I forgot. Hopefully we can still make the reservation. If not, I’m sure I can just throw my last name out there.”
Tony grinned shyly, not used to such open compliments. “Well, it’s the one thing I was proud of that my parents did. So I figured it was something I needed to carry on.”
Ryder laughs charmingly at her and Eva joins in the laughter, eyes sparkling with delight. “Oh, I guess I am afraid not.”
And for those reasons alone, did Steve finally finish taking the slowest shower to mankind and get out.
“You make it a habit to step on kids,” the small boy questioned tossing the covers over his head. He turned red eyes to Steve. His mouth was turned downward and his brown hair stuck up at odd ends.
“Now just why on earth would I tell you that?” Miriam laughed. “I don’t see you offering me anything in exchange.’
He looked at Tony with heavy lidded eyes and with one hand began to unzip Tony’s pants. Tony shook his head at him. Ryder tilted his head in response and removed his hand.
“Can’t be any worse than what these band of misfits have done. Captain America doesn’t have a dark side,” Ryder said, mouth heavy with blood.
Internally grateful, Steve leaned back comfortably in his chair as Tony tried coming up with words. Tony’s mouth would open and close a few times. He gave out a particular frustrated sigh as he couldn’t figure out how to respond.
“He accidentally scratched his thumb on one of his toys. Now I know why those toys have those little hazard warnings,” Harley muttered as he wrapped the Band-Aid on Miles’ finger. “Alright there you go kid.”
Part 1: 1/8 (Mon)
“I don’t know,” Tony grit out. “Can we stop with the 21 questions? We’re not blushing teenagers in high school anymore.”
Bucky was waiting for him. He had come back for the piece of paper. He wanted to leave it in the room, but he couldn’t risk Tony finding it. After all he needed that note as a reminder.
“Love you too nephew,” Rhodey joked looking at Miles. “Stay out of trouble and keep me updated on things. Hopefully, I’ll still be able to go to your Thanksgiving charity gala next month.”
“Alright let’s pick up your things from your house and then we can go grab something to eat. Sounds good?”
“Like you did with Steve?”
Rhodey leaned up on his elbows and took his sunglasses off to look at Pepper. “No, not since a few days ago. I’m assuming she hasn’t found anything. That’s good though right? Right?” he questioned again noticing Pepper’s silence.
“It’s fine Peter,” Steve interrupted, before Peter could continue. “I’m glad you’re excited. I’m just surprised all of us have been able to keep it a secret from Tony for the past three months. At first I was unsure, but seeing how everyone came together to make today possible man there’s no feeling quite like it.”
Everyone came to the same conclusion and immediately began to head toward Tony’s room before they were stopped by Ryder meeting them in the middle of the hallway. Ryder looked haggard.
William nodded in forgiveness.
So he should be okay that people never stayed.
“Make the god a breakfast for the gods and he still wants over processed sweets,” Natasha exclaimed, setting her own breakfast down.
“What are they giving him? Is there a way you can make sure he isn’t feeling so tired,” Steve said.
No one argued with Pepper this time.
Clint slipped out of the room, almost as quick as he had come in.
“I don’t know what you are implying,” Tony exclaimed. “I am actually very happy that you are available to be here. I was just surprised because you said that you wouldn’t be back until the fifth of January. However, I can show you later just how thankful I am that you’re here, when we get back home.”
Steve couldn’t calm the thrumming of his heartbeat underneath his chest. He couldn’t quite manage the ability to cease his mind’s thoughts about who was currently occupying the interrogation room. He had tried to stop his train of thoughts from wrapping his hands around the neck that provided breath for that man to continue to lie.
“Love you,” Tony whispered pressing his lips against Ryder’s.
Tony waved goodbye to them both as Happy pulled off. Tony watched for a few seconds, before he went inside his home. Immediately, he was confused because usually the Tower was full of voices, especially during this time. But now everything was silent.
“Are you quite finished?” Isa questioned eyes becoming alight with fire. Her posture straightened and she focused all of her attention toward Steve.
“Okay,” Tony said. “I trust you.”
“You have,” Natasha agreed solemnly. “But you love him.”
“Speaking of how are things with Laura?” Steve asked looking down at the menu. “Were you able to get in touch with her and the kids?”
And a second later added...
“Ryder is dead,” Fury said not giving a moment’s second to give any lead up.
His eyes focused on the shut door and he felt like at any moment Ryder or some member of the CMPNY was going to come into the room. Ryder had always liked knowing that he knew Tony could never leave. Were hospital room doors even able to lock from the outside?
“Exactly! It’s like Tony’s not even in a relationship. I’ve tried asking him you know about dates, but silence. You know how much Tony likes to talk.”
The question gave Ryder, a moment of pause. He looked toward the empty cup that was now beside his feet.
With every sentence Cali spoke, it seemed that she grew in more anger and despondency.
“Traitor,” Steve breathed. “Why?”
Steve looked around himself and began to look as confused as Tony felt. Tony opened up the cabinets and started looking in them. Lately Miles had developed this thing where he liked hiding in small places as though him and Tony were forever playing a game of hide and seek. So far the hiding spots had been relatively safe. So it nearly gave Tony a heart attack when he raised his eyes to see Miles standing on top of the refrigerator.
“I know,” Bucky said cheekily. “But seriously where is the resident genius, seeing as though he isn’t here with you right now?”
“You’re shaking,” Steve whispered as if afraid he was breaking the silence that he and Tony had created for themselves.
Walking to Harley’s bedroom, Tony took a sip of his tea. He really hoped Bruce’s praise of this tea actually worked wonders or else he was going to make sure he programmed Bruce’s tea maker’s AI to give incorrect formulas every time tea was brewing.
No Ryder…hadn’t even looked mildly surprised by Natasha’s words. Instead he seemed oddly fine with her statement as thought it was of no meaning to him.
“I’d rather not.”
His eyes burned bright with tears. He turned his head to the side so Natasha wouldn’t see him. Natasha remained stoic beside him, shoulders taut with tension. He wished for a moment he had her strength, or the strength to at least appear that he was handling this better than he actually was. However, there was a moment she slipped. Sometimes she too would stare at her hands and let out a raspy breath, before controlling herself and allowing an impassive expression take place.
“We were?”
Steve smiled as Tony smiled at the fond memory. Steve had been worried that this would bring up bad memories, but so far it was going good.
Natasha hummed in the back of her throat not really knowing what to say to this. What could she say to change…to even help with this situation?
“I’m thankful that Rhodey finally got his head out of his behind and defined his relationship with his physical trainer,” Tony joked. “Thankful that Pepper continues to be a guiding force in my life. Gosh, thankful to May for raising such an incredible young man who I’m very much looking forward to passing down the reins of my jobs to as soon as he’s graduated.”
Steve groaned. “He’s at Karen’s right now, but I can give a call later.”
Everyone looked on with varying levels of sadness and at a loss of what to do.
Peter raised his hand for Harley to shake. “Welcome.”
So now Steve had the dangerous job of getting Isak to claim he was Ryder, without input from Steve.
He hated how Tony immediately thought that Steve needed him to change to get him to stay. He wanted to tell him that everything that Tony was remained perfect. He wanted to tell him that his passion for his work was invigorating. He wanted to tell him that the time he spent working was inspiring because it encouraged him to work just as hard.
century the way you did has to be smart. So I know when you read the documents you realized all of this.”
His eyes focused.
“Cali…what are you doing here? For your assistance in helping us find Tony, Fury should have at least sent you to the prison in Brooklyn not here at the Raft.”
Peter nodded his head. “Yeah, like if Aunt May just told me something like that I would be devastated. I’m sure your mom would understand.”
The conversation was over some prank which Tony knew he should be somewhat concerned about, after hearing frozen ice and hair dye, but he figured that was a topic for another day.
Pepper was the first to run to Tony, the two friends spinning in circle at the news. Pepper broke away first, giggling cheeks red with happiness for her dear friend. Rhodey was close behind, his own eyes shining with wetness.
“Steve, Steve, Steve,” Tony chanted at one desirably delightful push that had Tony’s body backing up into the headboard. “Again, please there again.”
Ryder looked down sadly at Tony. “You know I hate to do this to you Tony. I never wanted to hurt you,” he choked on a cry. “But you drove me to this. You and your father.”
“No. Don’t do that Tony. Please don’t do that,” Steve said. His eyes were red and it looked as though he hadn’t slept.
“Yeah, it was a pretty cool day. Everyone was excited for vacation. Kelsey is going to Colorado and she said she’d bring me back a snow globe! And Aron said he’s going camping. Lunch was bad though like really bad. Can you go back to making my lunch dad?” Miles rushed out.
Just as Tony was about to sit down, Miles went to Tony and whispered something in his ear.
, Steve had wanted to say.
Have a great day! Next update is scheduled for 7/27 (Friday) and then we'll restart back on our Saturday updates :)
Peter would come to the tower every weekend, hoping for any change. When he met the eyes of the rest of Avengers, he would immediately go to Tony’s lab. On several occasions Steve would find Peter in the lab playing with Dum-E and YOU. He never truly interrupted, until now.
Tony twitched a little and looked down at Ryder’s hand. Surely, he wouldn’t…not here? Tony’s breath quickly picked back up again as Ryder slowly ran has hands up and down his leg. Thankfully, Ryder sensed this change and drew back instead placing his hands back into Tony’s.
“I can’t,” Tony said trying to hold in a sob.
“It’s cool. How ‘bout we go get some breakfast, yeah? Maybe get back some of this energy, we exercised off. It’s the morning anyways,” Bucky exclaimed, throwing a water bottle at Steve. “Probably won’t be a lot of people out, so they won’t be scared off with the killer vibe you’re giving off right now.”
“It wasn’t your duty to save him. He’s not someone you can save,” Steve told him.
“Ooooh, one point deducted from your wooing skills Steve. Not sure how this is going to go in your favor with this start,” Tony teased back, for the first time letting doubt flee from his mind and letting hope enter. He didn’t know how this would pan out. However, there was nothing inside of him that wanted to tell Steve to stop.
Bucky nodded in thanks not really feeling up to talking much more.
Sam looked at him straight on and repeated, “I said you don’t really talk and the times, when you do I wish that you hadn’t.”
Bekah nodded. “Yes, I want to directly help. We get visits and I’ll make sure to keep in contact with my son. But I have to do this.”
“The last person I ever expected to hurt me in all of those ways was
“Then why did you respond so well to me, when I gave you this fantasy of Steve,” Ryder inquired, reaching back to grab Tony’s cock and squeezing it tightly between his cold fingers.
“Excuse me? You what? You forgave Bucky Barnes! Tony he killed your parents.”
“You’re such a buzzkill Cali. But whatever,” Miriam said. “Alright now for bottle three.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “I give up. Natasha just make sure you tell whoever group leader they had, that you’ll be taking them. I don’t want a teenager having a heart attack because they think they’ve lost a kid.”
When he woke up, he found himself lying down on a bed. He noticed, however; with somewhat satisfaction that he was able to move freely. He pushed his legs over the bed and did a mental inspection of his body. He was bare except for his underwear and a thin white shirt. There were no bruises on his body. He breathed out a sigh of relief and ran his fingers through his hair then over his arm. His fingers ran over a small bump and he looked down to see a purple patch that was slowly growing gray.
“You abused him, you fucking sick bastard and have the nerve to try and apologize on behalf of this persona of your brother you took. How stupid do you think I would have to be in order to believe this barely constructed façade,” Steve said, pressing his hands deeper into the skin of his neck.
“That’s…that’s not okay. None of that was at okay and those events are not preparation for some bigger scale kidnapping event,” Steve asserted. “Those were all awful events that Howard should have prevented. He should have protected you. I can’t believe…I mean four years old and Howard didn’t even care?”
“Steve,” she yelled just loud enough to know that Steve could pick up her voice. “If you are not out here in the next twenty seconds, your head will not be attached to your neck.”
“I said we have Miriam in our possession and believe she helped Ryder. She’s with us now along with some other members of this organization. No one’s said anything so far including giving up the name, but we have means of making them say something.”
“If that’s where you want to be, then that’s where you’ll be,” Tony told him.  Maybe Miles could visit the tower every now and then? “I love you bambino. I will always love you. I shouldn’t have left.”
That hopeful light diminished as soon as their eyes fell onto the noticeably lacking Tony presence in the room. They never stayed. Miles was too confused and sad to be in a room where he knew his baba should be. So Peter and Harley would take him back to his room and play games, until Miles was tired out and resting in his room. That was when they would come back and go into Clint’s little fortress of solitude.
However, now they needed something healthy to eat and the tower was fresh out of things. Tony had thought of asking FRIDAY to send someone to go get the groceries. Then Steve had suggested to Tony that he would go get the groceries. Tony had instantly disagreed saying that they didn’t need to go.
“Apparently, there was a car crash in Norway with one of the passengers was Isak Tiege, a prominent voice in the automobile industry.”
He didn’t lay down, instead choosing to prop his back against the headboard and silently wait for Tony to fall asleep. A few minutes passed and Tony’s breaths started to even out. Steve looked down at him and noticed just how small Tony was in comparison to him. His body instinctively tried curling toward Steve.
Familiar and unfamiliar faces went in and out of the room. He’s never left alone and if he was, he’s tied up. Tony didn’t know which one was worse. He hated when Miriam was there. She just didn’t seem to care. It seemed she was paying off whatever debt she and her sister had with joy. While Cali seemed to painfully do as she was instructed, Miriam loved to go above and beyond.
Shaking fingers reached forward to turn the knob of the door handle and just as he was able to turn it, he felt resistance. He shook the door knob and felt the same resistance. He stepped back for a moment with the full intent of throwing his body into it.
“Oh, he’s Tony Stark. We could easily rake in a lot of money. I’m almost offended that Ryder chose to hole up this amount of cash in these walls.  Just think if we took him right now.”
“Hey, yourself,” Tony spoke.
Peter’s eyes shone as he looked at the red and gold journal in Tony’s hands. It seemed like today was as good a day of any to give it to him. Tony fell into the couch grumbling about how they never want him to actually get any work done, but want him to come and like be social.
Steve sighed.
Isa sat down in the chair previously occupied by Tony and opened up her briefcase revealing 14 individual packets. She placed nine aside. “You know you are all in the minority opinion right now. Nine individuals have already signed the Accords.”
“Bucky I am sure you think what you are saying is justified, but this is already costing me. Tony is
Tony looked up at him through hazed eyes and smiled. “You know I think someone promised me a cheeseburger? I think that was you Cap. So how about we blow this Popsicle stand and leave. I promise I won’t tell anyone you’re my accomplice. Also how does my face look? Your grasp on my hand was pretty tight, so I couldn’t leave to go to the restroom, which by the way is kind of far. But you know I’m perfectly fine, so I don’t even know what the hassle is, every single nurse checking on me. Also hello boundaries? Though Helen provided nice eye candy in this otherwise dismal place, I need to leave.”
“Yeah, come on,” Steve said steering Tony. “Plus I want to go get some cotton candy.”
Steve doesn’t sleep anymore. He’s stopped trying. The days were running through his hands like grands of sand and he couldn’t stop. He tried smiling at Harley in hopes that the teenager would brighten up. Harley saw through his fake happiness and in turn became even more despondent.
Steve looked over at Tony to see him leaning on his car. Tony was the person he was dreading saying goodbye to the most. Don’t get him wrong, he’ll surely miss his other teammates, especially because he had no idea when they would be seeing each other again. But with Tony, Steve felt differently. Sadder, he guesses. He has no idea why. A couple of weeks ago he could barely tolerate the man. But now, the idea of leaving him sounded like the last thing he wanted to do.
Steve laughed. “Ha! When we first met? Definitely not.” Tony’s jaw dropped in response, an incredulous look on his face. “Oh come on, don’t pretend you didn’t feel the same when we first met,” Steve continued.
Steve huffed out another laugh. “Right.” Steve took that to mean that he and Tony? Never gonna happen. “Meet a nice girl,” he repeated looking down. “Speaking of nice girls, how’s Pepper?” Another reason he and Tony could never be together.
Tony rolled his eyes, “Fine, when we first met I... I was a dick because I wanted to hate you. Or at least the idea of you, of Captain America.”
So there's the first chapter! I hope you liked it? Feedback is welcome and appreciated. If you liked it. maybe share it? I don't even know if anyone will read this lol but I hope at least one person likes it :) Don't know when I'll write the next chapter... We'll see how this does first lol
“Definitely.” Steve smiled back. Then he let go of Tony’s hand and arm and left him alone again. His arm was still warm from where Steve's hand was, his hand still warm from holding Steve's. He watched Steve walk away until Bruce came up to him with his bag in hand. “Ready to go?” he asked. Still watching Steve, Tony replied, “Yeah.” then plastered a smile on his face and turned to Bruce. “Let’s blow this popsicle stand,” which caused Bruce to laugh. He opened the door to the car and got inside, trying to push thoughts of Steve aside and failing.
Steve's face fell. He looked like that was the saddest thing he’s ever heard. “Tony, I’m so sorry. I had no idea.”
“Maybe you’ll find it in Washington,” Tony said, shaking Steve out of his thoughts. “Meet a nice girl?” even though that was the last thing Tony wanted him to do.
Steve shook his head. “I don’t know honestly. Fury offered me a job in D.C. at S.H.I.E.L.D. but...” he trailed off. “Maybe it’ll be good for me, you know? To throw myself back into it, follow orders, serve.”
“So, the next time you’re in the city-“
“You could do whatever you wanted to do! What you do for fun!” Tony waited a beat before asking, “What makes you happy?”
“Yeah,” Tony smiled back. “Guess so. What’s next for you?”
“Goodbye, Tony.”
Takes place at the end of The Avengers, after Thor takes Loki and the Tesseract back to Asgard and the remaining Avengers part ways. This fic is basically me rewriting the entire MCU to fit my stevetony agenda lol. Please keep in mind that a) I'm not the best writer and b) I haven't actually written anything in a long time so please be gentle with me. I hope you enjoy! Sorry for grammar mistakes, I'm dumb hehe :)
Steve didn’t look offended. “You never told me why.”
Tony sighed. “Because, growing up my dad would constantly remind me how I’d never be... anything, compared to you.”
Tony waved a hand, the hand that wasn’t still in Steve's grip. Their hands had stopped moving but neither had let go yet. Tony was grateful for it. “No, sorry I... I know you knew him before and I don’t wanna ruin your idea of him-“
“To be honest, if I did take a break, I don’t know what I’d do with myself.” Steve continued.
Tony looked up from his phone to see Steve approaching him with a sad smile on his face. Tony wished he could stop time to keep Steve from leaving and just watch him forever, smiling. Of course that would be unfair to Steve, he thought, but he wanted it anyway. That was his problem, he wanted things too much. And Steve? Well that was something he definitely could not have.
“See you around. Hopefully,” Tony added with a smile on his face.
“Right, Of course she is.” Steve smiled. Tony smiled back and they just stood there for a while thinking that maybe if they said nothing, the goodbyes would never come. Then, Tony’s phone buzzed.
“Director Fury, it’s Steve Rogers. About D.C., I’m in.”
“Good. I’d like to think i made somewhat of a good impression,” Tony joked.
, he thought. It was Pepper, wondering if he was on his way. “Speaking of Pepper,” Tony said, then quickly putting his phone away and focusing on Steve again. “Where were we?” Tony smiled at Steve. He found himself smiling a lot when Steve was around. “Listen, whatever you decide about D.C., we’re here for you.”
“You too, Cap.”
“Tony, I don’t care about him,” Steve cut him off. “I care about you.”
As Steve walked to his motorcycle it was like he was leaving his happiness back there, with Tony. When he turned back around, Tony was smiling and getting into the car with Bruce. They were heading back to Stark Tower where Pepper was waiting for them. Waiting for Tony to come home. Their home. Tony looked happy, Steve thought. There was no way he could ever ruin that over what, some silly crush? No, it wasn’t just a crush and Steve knew that. That’s when he thought that maybe some distance between him and Tony would be good. Of course he’d miss Tony but he needed to stop thinking about himself. Tony was in a happy relationship and even if he wasn’t, he and Steve could never work out. Right? Steve realized he needed time to sort out his feelings away from Tony. He got to his bike and pulled the keys and his cellphone out of his pocket. Tony had gotten the phone and the motorcycle for him a couple of days after they had defeated the Chitauri. “In case we have to save the world again,” Tony had said with a smile when he gave both to him. Of course, Steve wanted to refuse. It was so generous of Tony but the motorcycle looked beautiful and expensive. Naturally, Tony wouldn't listen to any of Steve's protests so Steve took both and thanked Tony. Steve smiled at the memory as he opened his phone. He only had a couple contacts in it besides Tony’s. He clicked on the name ‘Nick Fury’ and pressed call. The line rang twice before Fury answered. “Hello?”
Steve smiles and lets Clint’s sly
“Back when we first got together, you remember I asked you if you and Bucky had ever slept together? Been together, in any way?”
Then it occurs to him that Tony’s waiting for him to signal it's okay.
influenced, but Stark is clearly bad all over for you, Rogers.”
“Fuck, Steve…” Tony whispers under his breath, awed.  He slowly massages up and down a few times, relishing the moment, making sure he’ll always remember how this feels.  All it takes is one delicious whimper pushing from Steve’s throat and Tony’s eagerly shoving his hand through the keyhole fly to touch bare skin.
Steve wants to feel outrage over the presumption, but the fact of the matter is that he hadn’t so much as glanced at the menu and he has no idea what he might have done instead.
“No.”  It’d be easy to think otherwise and he understands why his mother might’ve done so.   But it really had nothing to do with how beautiful Steve was, or how wonderful a person.  He doubts now that Steve and his father were even that great of friends.  It wasn’t adoration that drove Howard in his search; it was self-preservation.  Captain America was the last weapon Howard Stark ever created that was more than chaos and destruction, an agent of good and not solely an agent of death.  His father had merely been clinging to the source of his own redemption, maybe even the chance to replicate the serum and do it all again.  Finding Steve, dead or alive, knowing what happened to him…
“Don’t think I haven’t noticed you dodging my question twice already, by the way,” Tony picks up the abandoned thread, gesturing at him with a piece of shrimp in hand. “Is there a reason you won’t talk about Brooklyn?”
“How early is an early start, Cap?”  Tony grimaces, expecting the worst.
“Prefer it if you told me flat out what this is about.  I don’t much like guessing games.”  Steve states flatly.  “Sir.”
“I don’t think I’m ever gonna let you leave this apartment, Cap.  Just as a heads up.  Thought you might want to know.”
Tony just about swallows his tongue as Bucky lifts himself off of Steve, cock sliding out slowly, slowly, slowly, emphasizing just
“It’s Barton.”  Clint announces before dropping from a hole in the ceiling.  He looks a little worse for wear but he’s in one piece.  The blood on his arms and face doesn’t appear to be his own.  “I didn’t think anyone was able to get through to you.”
Bruce sighs, pushing his magnifying glasses back up to the bridge of his nose as he looks up at Tony. His brown eyes are distorted and watery behind the thick lenses. “If the camera’s not working properly anyway, what’s the point?”
“What do you mean, why are you doing this. This was your idea.” Pepper keeps pace with him as he stalks down the long hallway, pencil scratching shorthand furiously over her steno pad as she jots down notes for the day.
Evidently that’s enough consent for Tony. His robe slips off his shoulders as he keens into Steve’s touch, pressing forward so the length of his body is fully against Steve’s. Steve sinks into their kiss.
“We can stay at the mansion, Tony.  We don’t have to move.”  Steve squeezes his hand, knowing without being told that he has his reasons for not wanting to go back there.  “Everyone’s fine there.”
His fingers ghost over his mouth. His bottom lip is split, stinging underneath his touch.
“Tony,” Steve sighs, going boneless in his arms as Tony rocks underneath him. Tony’s growing hard, his erection already obscenely slipping free through the front flap of his boxers, and he can already see the outline of Steve’s thickening cock underneath the cotton of his sweatpants.
Steve pales, stopping in his tracks.
Tony vaguely hears someone speaking above his head, but he’s too concentrated on the exquisiteness of Steve’s stubbled jaw line for it to really register.
“Tony.” He ducks his head and Tony just as quickly gets a hand under his chin, makes him look up.
“You’re ridiculous, Rogers.”
Tony sets his bottle down and closes the space between them.
“What are you saying? You—do you think this was a mistake?” Steve stands up, fully cognizant of his nakedness and the way his whole body shows evidence of their lovemaking. It suddenly feels shameful rather than wonderful, unexpected and shocking like a bucket of ice water doused over his head.
Natasha is frozen, must be under shock. Bruce had already draped his jacket over her shoulders when the doctors carry her boyfriend to the ambulance to get him into the hospital as well. There's nothing they could do for him here, the paramedics didn't even tell them how bad it is. Steve calls Clint's brother Barney as soon as the ambulance drives off.
Tony had gone through all the files himself, had looked for hints and snips that might be related to his parents' death and had come up with not much. Apparently those other soldiers had been trained in a secret facility somewhere in Russia, then Barnes had been wiped, again and again and again. He wouldn't remember killing Howard and Maria if he tried. Somehow that makes Tony even more angry at him.
Without further commenting on that Tony enters the garage and walks to the back to one of his rather inconspicuous cars. His phone starts beeping when he gets into it and turns on the ignition. Tony pulls it out of his pocket to look who it is. Steve's face show up on the display, a photo taken on their anniversary last year. The smile is mocking him now. For a moment he thinks about just not answering but that's not how fighting with Steve works.
He hugs the blond closer to his chest when he starts crying. No Bucky Barnes would ever come between them. No one would for that fact as long as Tony had a say in it.
XXXXX
'Some medium burns, a dislocated shoulder but that was fixed. The TBI is moderate rather than mild. I got quite a blow on the head. Some bruised rips and a fractured one. My ankle is sprained. Otherwise I think I mentioned everything.', Tony lists, knowing Steve wouldn't leave it be until he knew.
'What?' Steve's brain refuses to work properly. He can't believe what he had just heard, needs a conformation while his heart already rejoices.
with Tony fucking Stark.”
“Hardly seems worth the trouble.  Not as if I’m going to turn the dial and hear what I used to hear.” Steve opens up the white Frigidaire, his tone as flat as Tony’s ever heard it.  The fridge is mostly empty but Steve bends down to look as if he needs to sort through stocked shelves.  As Steve buys time for whatever reason, Tony takes a moment to consider the room.
to be Steve’s idea.  He wonders if the place is still standing.  Even he can’t afford to replace an entire building full of priceless works of art.
“Hello,” Steve says softly, looking at him in a way that Tony can
“Is it?” He doesn’t get the sense that it is. He may not be the most adept at reading people, but even he can see that Steve’s not okay.
The zipper fully opened, the flaps of Steve’s jeans fall open in a vee that perfectly frames his impressive erection, straining against the thin cotton of his white boxer-briefs.  Tony cups his hand over the bulge, his own cock pulsing with excitement as he feels Steve’s length throb under his palm.
“Are you hungry? I don’t have any staff here tonight, but I’m sure I could manage to whip something up. I’m not as terrible in the kitchen as you might suspect.”
“I really gotta start boning up on some pre-Eisenhower references here, don’t I?”  Tony remarks, plopping down on the stool next to Steve and shoveling a fork-full of eggs into his mouth.
“Stark, look—“
“You can see him, but I’m afraid that’s going to be all you can do.  See.”
.  I can’t imagine what Peggy told her.”
“I’ll be better tomorrow. I just need some rest.”
Tony bunches his fingers in the bottom of Steve’s shirt, tugging.  Steve breaks just long enough to pull the tank over his head, reaching immediately to get Tony’s clothes off.  His hands move quickly but ineffectually, shoving Tony’s suit coat off his shoulders and then pulling his tie loose, then starting to unbutton his shirt without finishing either earlier task.  Tony helps him follow it all through, scrambling to get undressed even as Steve’s mouth drives him to distraction.
Steve looks north up Broadway, shielding his eyes from the afternoon sun with a lifted hand.  This area is one of the few places in the city now where the sidewalks and buildings remain free and clear of the nearly omnipresent scaffolding that canopies other city streets.  The lack of those posting-slathered obstructions makes the sidewalk seem broader, longer, more like the streets of New York he remembers.
“Looking forward to slathering this all over you. Who said being sick wasn’t fun,” Tony quips with a lascivious leer and a playful wink. He gingerly helps Steve lie back against the couch cushions and then stands. “I’ll go run the bath, I got one of those sparkly bath bombs that Pepper used to like in here somewhere –” He’s digging through other bags now, and Bucky’s frankly boggled that Tony went shopping himself and didn’t send one of his Stark Industries minions.  “We’re gonna smell like a vanilla cupcake, or a ‘moonlight breeze’ or whatever that means. Ah-ha, here it is – ‘Lavender and Chamomile’ – and hey, it’s
“There you are,” Tony greets him as if he’s the one who’s been waiting. Steve squares his shoulders and stands up straight as he takes Tony’s proffered hand for a shake. “Thank you for coming to meet me here. I’m having some renovation done on the Malibu house, it’s a bit of a mess. Well, it’s a huge mess, actually. I may have accidentally blown something up. Not a big deal, but it’s a
“I think you’re getting confused and talking about your love life.”
“I fucking hate not knowing what to say to you,” he admits, and Steve smiles, feeling some of the tension in his chest ease.
“I’m not –”
James starts getting sloppy, leaving breadcrumbs so obvious that they’re more like freshly baked loaves sitting on kitchen windowsills. He’s trying to lure Steve in.
“Never been more sure in my life.” Tony slides his hands around Steve’s waist and then down the back of his pants, fingers spreading wide across the tight swell of Steve’s utterly
– inside, it’s like he’s never been fucked before.  His muscles clench around the intrusion of Bucky and Tony’s fingers but then he relaxes minutely, that delicious eight-pack abs of his flexing as he shifts.
Bruce looks up from his reading as Tony enters, peering up at the group over the top of his glasses.  He closes his book, sticking a finger inside to keep his page, and rises from the wingback armchair.  He smiles tentatively, eyes flicking back and forth between everyone approaching.
“I like Scott and all, but that’s your reputation, Rogers. Your reputation means our jobs, in the end.” Dugan’s got a point, but Steve would have thought after all this time, they’d have more trust in him than this. Scott Lang might be an ex-con, but he’s a good guy, and he’s not going to let Steve down.
“Hey, speak for yourself.” Tony kicks his foot gently.  He chuckles, but then lets the smile fall from his face.  He’s quiet for a moment, thoughtful and considering. “But really…we did all right.  Look how it all turned out.”
“I’ve always loved these tiles,” Steve remarks, gazing up the ceiling.  Impossibly, the Minton tiles look even better than they did in his day.
“Work that you’re willing to do? That you want to do?” Steve asks.
Having enough sex that Steve is leaving his clothes at Tony’s and Tony has taken to wearing them.
“Why won’t he see me?  Does it have something to do with his…” Steve stumbles over the right word for it. “Programming?”  That’s not right, Bucky’s not a machine, not a computer, but he can’t think of another way to say it.
“So…happy birthday.”  Barnes inches closer.  He extends his hand and Steve shakes it, and Tony feels like he’s witnessing the most awkward exchange of all time.  He’s not even sure what exactly is making it so terrible because there are just too many reasons to choose from.  Barnes’ look darts toward Tony again, and there’s jealousy there, suspicion, maybe disappointment.  “Didn’t realize I’d be interrupting your date.  I’m sorry.”
Tony leans in and brushes his lips against Steve’s ear.
“Well, even if that were true, I’ll always
Clint is warbling some circus song by the time Steve deposits him carefully onto the sofa in the communal living room.  Natasha sinks down beside him, mumbling something drowsily in Russian.  Steve’s a bit rusty, but he thinks she says something about wanting to go to the ballet, or maybe being in the ballet.
He slips into the dining room, leaving Rogers to follow him.
As is his tradition, Steve places his palm against the cool concrete of the Astronomers Monument before turning to make the six-mile journey back home. Bucky made a joke once that Steve would run to the stars and back if he could, and it stuck in his mind enough that he’d made the observatory a touchtone ever since. The stars in the sky are the only stars in L.A. he’s truly comfortable with, and there’s peace to be found in climbing the hill to the park, alone, watching as they slowly fade from view in the sky.
“Yeah,” Steve mumbles, letting Clint go.  He probably has other things to do, and Steve wouldn’t know what to say anyway.
are not fit to give
“Up until just now, Tony, I didn’t know how much you cared for Cap,” Bruce counters, putting both his hands on the back of the desk chair, fingers gripping tightly, digging in.  “We seem to forget that we don’t actually know each other all that well.”
“Okay.  Yeah.  We can do that.”  Tony steps out into the street, flags down a cab with crisp efficiency.
“Someday I want to lick you clean after he’s been inside you.” Tony barely pulls back enough to mumble the words against his thigh. “He did come inside you, right?”
The mood shifts as the train trundles into the 42nd Street station, and he’s honestly not sure if it’s Tony that’s apprehensive or if it’s him.  Their car had been getting progressively more congested since Queensboro Plaza, but that’s nothing compared to the teeming platform that awaits them at Times Square.
side.
“Or un-see that.” Bruce groans, wincing.
“I was just taking a break. I should probably be getting back.” Tall, blond and beautiful looks down to his wrist, then pats his pockets. He sighs with resignation, apparently realizing he’s left his watch somewhere else.
“To be honest, I’m surprised they didn’t lock us up together somewhere.  This is positively tame considering the players involved.”  Tony comments.  He walks to the line where the kitchen floor meets the living room carpet and waves his arm across it tentatively, testing the imaginary barrier.  “Nope, we’re good.  We can totally get out of here.”
Tony chuckles, low and throaty, and traces a thumb over Steve’s bottom lip.
Inside are a series of black and white 4x5 prints. He sets the envelope aside and turns them right side up to look.
“I’ll just sit here quietly then?” He sighs.  Clint echoes him, reaching out and patting him on the shoulder.
“Come on, Jan, time to head out,” Nat urges her, trying without much luck to get Jan up on her own two feet.
He lets his fingers drift down the sharp line of Steve’s sternum, feeling the notches of bone under Steve’s skin. He’s so fragile, Tony was almost afraid to touch him their first night in bed like this, terrified he’d fall apart under his hands.
As Happy weaves them in and out of traffic on their way back uptown, Pepper manages to keep Tony’s attention focused long enough to discuss the agenda for the next day’s meetings.  Tony listens and responds –
“All good on my end. Jimmy, what’s taking so long down there?”
“The night is young, stay awhile longer,” Sam entreats kindly, and Steve hedges, torn between his honest desire for the quiet of his apartment and the innate need to avoid disappointing the people who matter most in his life.
“I’d welcome it.”
.  If Steve wants him thinking clearly, this is not the way to do it.  All he can think about now is getting Steve’s naked body against his.  “But want or not, I
“Tony-“
Steve thinks he’s gotten away without comment, Bucky walking down two stairs toward the street, when Bucky pauses and looks up at him.
He hadn’t counted on this house dredging up so many memories.  He’d actually hoped it might make his time in New York
Bucky lifts one eyebrow, crossing his arms over his chest. His fingers flex and unflex against the metal and wood of his prosthetic, evidently itching for a fight.
“Buck…Bucky, it’s okay…” Steve squeezes Bucky’s hand, tries to reach for him, wanting nothing more than to get his friend’s attention.  Tubes and cords tether him to machines though, and he can’t move how he wants to.  One of the men unfolds his hands and opens the door, and with a put upon frown exchanges a long look with his counterpart before exiting the room.   The other man readjusts his stance and refolds his hands, fixing his gaze firmly on Bucky.
“He does bring that out in folks.”
Bucky brings the cigarette back to his lips, cheeks hollowing as he breathes in deep.  His face is far less gaunt than it was a month ago but his cheekbones still stand in stark relief, his face angled with shadows.  He’s silent in consideration as he holds the smoke in for a moment before letting it go.
“But I thought-“
“My sketchbook?”  Tony repeats, leaning forward and resting his elbows on his knees.  “You mean how do I deal with it?”  He moves his head from side to side, looking up at the swiftly moving clouds as he considers the question.  “Uh, copious amounts of work and booze, in equal measure.”  He claps a hand to Steve’s knee and uses Steve’s body as leverage to push himself up to stand.
“Care to enlighten me as to the reason for this little change?”
“I'm not saying I don't like it or that it's bad. It's just...”
When they pull away from one another, Tony pulls his vintage pocket watch from his front jeans pocket and glances at the time.
That’s not the case with Tony at all.  Tony can catch him off guard because Tony’s quickly becoming his blind spot.  That’s not a thought Steve enjoys.
Getting closer, Tony realizes the man is asleep, or doing a good impression of it. He knocks the man’s leather work boot with the polished toe of his Oxfords.
Fury shifts his stance, managing not to act the least bit surprised that Captain America is keeping it together.  He shouldn’t be; the man’s seen him muster through before.
“Hell, Stark, if you’re giving out more floors, I could use a room.”
“And that means…what?”
, sort of. It feels right.”
“No you didn’t,” Steve quickly replies, not for one second letting Tony get away with such a baldfaced lie.  He can’t be polite if Tony is going to blatantly treat him like a fool. “That was not a gift.  It was a statement.”
“This one’s going out to the lovely redhead standing in that pile of goo in the middle of Herald Square:
Bruce is following him, jogging in order to keep up.  He doesn’t know if Pepper is following suit, but if she is, she’s coming in her own time.
“I got him a Netflix account for Easter – best investment ever.” Tony congratulates himself.
“I am?” Steve has to laugh, loudly and honestly, at that. “You’re going to be so disappointed if that’s what you think of me.”
by chosenfire28
“You can call me James,” Bucky says smoothly, recovering enough to offer Jan his good hand. When she takes it, he presses a kiss to her fingers. “Lovely to see you, Miss Van Dyne.”
Once he’s standing, he realizes he has nowhere to go.
If only he’d known then that Bucky had wanted him too. That if he’d only had the nerve to make a move, Bucky maybe would have pinned him to the couch and fucked him senseless before even thinking about rinsing the long day off of his skin.
“Everything okay?”  He asks.  Tony takes advantage of the interruption to grab his phone, letting both Pepper and Steve’s questions go unanswered.
“Uh, I thought that dude hated us,” Bucky recalls now, probably thinking back to his last house party when L sat in the corner, drinking martinis from a flask and scowling at everyone for three hours straight.  It wouldn’t have been too weird if he’d at least been drawing caricatures or taking notes for his Great American Novel, but there was nothing but staring and scowling.
“If you mess with his head…I will throw you out.  I don’t care how fucked up you are, or how much history the two of you have.  You’ll be gone.  Are we clear?”
“To Steve?”  Bruce shakes his head, then shrugs and nods a little.  “I was in the middle of something and I got the sense he didn’t want to interrupt.  We exchanged pleasantries, that was about it.”
, your best friend would jump at the chance to see you again?  No.  In fact he locked himself up just to make sure you couldn’t get to him.  So, me, I wonder, what the hell did you
“Before you got hit with the super juice, before you became Mr. All-American Hero.  You did something, right?  A job?  A hobby?”
note…Tony, you really need to think about this carefully.”
“On what?”
Tony just shrugs, pushes off the wall and saunters toward him.
Tony kisses Steve asleep at night and he kisses Steve awake in the morning.
“It’s nice to finally meet you, Steve Rogers,” she replies.  Her handshake is surprisingly firm, reminding him she’s a businesswoman and probably accustomed to glad-handing as a matter of course.  Peggy shook hands like that.
Their connection is strong, and Tony thinks maybe he should be scared by it, but in the afterglow, he can’t hold onto that concern. It fades away and he can’t bring himself to care. Bucky clings to him much more gently now, shifting between kissing him and kissing Steve. In the moment, Tony doesn’t feel excluded but instead enveloped, melting into that ampersand between Steve & Bucky, rather than wedging them apart.
“In the balls, Stark?”  Natasha chuckles, deep and throaty, beside him.
“Fashion and money, darling. The occasional man. What’s a girl gotta do to get you on your knees?”
“Huh.  Well, Pepper sure is
“Besides, I’m not particularly hungry.” Tony’s pouty lips twitch into a small, teasing smile. “For anything we ordered, anyway.”
Bruce is still saying something, his voice growing loud enough that it demands his attention.
“It’s already happening, Fury.  So talk.” Tony’s advancing on Barnes, and he feels Bruce’s hands grasping for his shoulder, trying to get him to stop, but it’s no matter.  He’s not going to attack Barnes.  He only wants to hear it, whatever this man has to say.  “Where did they take Steve?”
Clint glances his direction; he must look as apprehensive and concerned as he feels, because Clint’s expression quickly turns apologetic.
“And…I’ve been had.”  He sighs and sets the water down on the countertop.  He has to smile, because they really played a good game.  He believed every second of it.  Tony waits for him to explain.
“So not the time, Stark.”
“Why are you nervous?” The knot of anxiety that’s been coiled inside Steve’s stomach relaxes as he recognizes something akin to vulnerability in Tony for the first time all evening. It’s even more winning than that armor of self-confidence.
“Breakfast all day, you say?”
“Exactly how long do you plan on keeping me in bed?”
Tony quirks an eyebrow at Steve; the question clear but unspoken.
The way the saleswomen fawn over Steve is worth the minor annoyance.   He sits and watches the floorshow as he teases Steve into trying on about six different outfits.  All of them look disturbingly good.  He makes a grave error in judgment and barges into the dressing room when Steve gets stubborn about outfit number seven.  He’s got his hands on Steve’s belt, insisting that Steve try on the darker wash of Diesels, before he thinks about what he’s doing.
“And was he?” Pepper is a little unsettled, but not nearly as surprised as Tony would’ve thought.  Tony shakes his head.
“I have the rest of the week off,” Steve explains, counting the days in his head. Yes – it is in fact Wednesday, so there is still a ‘rest of the week’ to be had. “They’re shooting some scenes with Wanda and Grimm, and then we’re basically done. There will probably be some re-shoots, pick-ups, what have you. Or so I’ve been told. They didn’t do that with the Cap reels; once those were in the can, they were in the can.”
For a minute all Tony can hear is the sound of the waves rolling to shore and the steady rhythm of Steve’s breathing. He should leave the silence be, but there’s so much he wants to say. If only he had the right words. It’s so unlike him not to have the right words.
“I stopped by his workshop after wrap today, and I only meant to stay a minute, really. But he had all these fantastic camera designs to show me, and we got caught up in the theoreticals, and then we started building something…” Tony runs his fingers through his hair, feeling anxious. “I didn’t realize the time until it was far too late.”
and moving on, because otherwise he might cry.
“I prefer to keep my relationship with Mr. Hogan –”
"Please don't tell Cap.
He can almost believe this is how Steve sees him because Steve is capable of seeing the good in nearly anyone.  What he doesn’t believe is that what Steve sees is what he really is.
…we wouldn’t have left the bed for the rest of the day…”
“You had it removed, that’s not the same thing as temporary,” Pepper points out coolly.  “And since you’re going to have a glib answer for every other thing I bring up, I think I’ll just skip right on down to the omelette and stop there.”
“I’ll give you some privacy.” She rubs his shoulder comfortingly as she passes, heading back toward one of the plane’s other rooms.
Tony exchanges a look with Steve, both of them reluctantly agreeing that their little sexual stay-cation has come to an abrupt but unavoidable end.
“Um, I think Pepper left that out of the tour of contemporary art.” He’s grateful, because the whole thing sounds rather horrifying.  He shakes the can of spray paint he’s been using, noticing that the label reads
, since the events surrounding the Tower are the events causing him such rampant anxiety.
“Cap, you’re getting to meet almost everyone who means anything today.” Tony announces as Steve climbs into the backseat beside him.  He points to the broad shouldered man behind the wheel, who in turn tilts his head up to meet Steve’s gaze in the rearview.  “That’s Happy up front there.  Happy, this is Captain Steven America.”
It’s not comfortable, exactly, but it’s the same amount of empty he feels when he’s at his own place so he figures it’s just as well.
The alcove is decorated in a circus theme, outlines of trapeze artists, jugglers, and strong men dancing along the walls with giraffes and birds. A few chairs made in the shape of abstract human figures line the curved wall opposite the chrome and glass display case of the candy stand.
.  Not this hollow space that’s not even his yet, not anyone’s.
quite out of his realm of expertise.  He turns his attention toward the beautiful dinner laid out before them.   “Tasha, this all looks wonderful.  Thank you so much for everything.”
“And we always found a pile of dead bodies wherever he popped on the radar.  We never got a good read on the guy.  Just bits and pieces here and there from mostly unreliable sources.  He was like a damn ghost.”  Fury slides the file across the table to Steve.  His hand trembles as he lifts the cover.  He doesn’t want to read this.  “But he’s ours now, and he’s starting to come out of it.”
“I never—” Steve tries to turn to face Tony but Tony stops him, holding fast. It’s odd being able to control Steve’s body like this, to be the one with the physical power to determine how this conversation is going to play out. He normally wouldn’t press his advantage like this because it’s unfair and he’s sure Steve doesn’t like it.
“Of course, that doesn’t mean I don’t have to beat the nice out of him,” Natasha tacks on as if Tony never spoke, moving from side to side to engage Steve once again now that she’s said her piece.  “For the good of the team and all.”
“More like Plan Z, Steve, didn’t really think Fury would use me.  Bruce wasn’t supposed to find out about it, Fury figured anything Bruce knows the Hulk does too.  I’d rather not be on the Other Guy’s shit list, personally.”
Then he gets up and starts walking over. Peter quickly tries to pull his t-shirt down to cover his groin, leaning forward onto the counter to try and hide the wholly inappropriate tent pitched in his jeans.
“Time is of the essence here, babe.”  He turns to her and gives her a distracted, placating kiss on the cheek, squeezing her hip.  “A drug that affects Steve is a major red flag.  JARVIS, any chance Bruce will be back before the rest of the gang?”
“On a
“I thought you were going to this party to make some business connections.” Pepper picks up the paper again, but folds it over and stuffs it into her purse with a bit too much force.
- makes him inordinately proud.  A rudimentary understanding of popular culture probably shouldn’t please him so much, but it does.
Janet Van Dyne drives like a whirlwind and talks just as fast; he’s saved from keeping up his end of the conversation as she takes him home because she chatters on enough for the both of them. Not that he minds. If it weren’t for the way she takes corners so sharply he has to grip the dash or that she believes stop signs to be mere suggestions, the whole thing might even have been relaxing.
“Do I need a reason to stop by, see a pal?”  His tone is as jovial and casual as Steve’s had been soft and serious.
“I've seen a rough cut of the film, Jean finished it up yesterday.”
Tony wants to say that Steve could never be nothing to him, but he holds it back. Because he’s right – even if they did take tonight, it wouldn’t be different tomorrow.
Tony sighs, and then puts his hands up in surrender.
He has hacked into their comms and the one who speaks is the one they call Iron Man.  Iron Man is the only one deployed alongside the Captain at the moment, making this assassination job easier than originally planned.
“Maybe we should hit you in the head really hard.  Worked on Barton during his mind robbery and I have to say, it’d feel pretty good to boot.” Tony’s impatience is ratcheting up again, making his skin itch and his heart race like so much yellow wallpaper.
“Steve?”  Bucky leans forward, reaching out with his other hand to touch Steve’s face.  The move is aborted by the clang of the handcuffs that tether his wrist to the bed.  Steve narrows his eyes at the shiny metal, confused.  “He’s awake!  Steve, can you hear me?  Hey, he’s awake - get the doctor!”
“Oh, I don’t know.  I don’t suppose too much can be asked of you, but I must admit I expected something old-fashioned and lame like: ‘Your smile makes me all twitter-pated.’  At the very least.”
“You expecting someone else?”  He sets the milk down on the wobbly round table by the window and then dumps the contents of his bags next to it.  Fishing out the razor and the shaving cream, he goes to the bathroom door and knocks lightly.
“If you’d like to correct the record, I actually do have an issue on which I’d just love for you to comment.” He says this with such barely disguised pleasure that Steve immediately gets the feeling he’s walked right into a trap.
“Folks are just full of opinions today,” Steve mutters to himself, standing up and returning to his former position leaning against the piano. “I have to be on set early tomorrow, so I’m gonna head for home.”
“Steve, answer me this. Just this one thing. Did they tell you I was going to be here? Did they tell you
The last time Steve had been in that particular car, Tony had been with him. They'd parked up on a hill overlooking the city—some place surely illegal to pull off on the shoulder and just
me to call her Nat, and I like being irritating.  I’m guessing that my reasons aren’t exactly in line with your reasons.”
“Okay then, Cap, grilled cheese it is.”
“I’m not saying that anything needs to happen with Bucky. I’m just saying…if it does, I think you should go with it. I think it’s a question you need answered.”
“Anybody teach you about Google yet?” Tony points at him with the hand still holding his glass, the liquid barely sloshing.  There’s a SHIELD-issued laptop sitting next to those files on Steve’s tiny dining room table, but that doesn’t mean the man knows how to use it.  “Because keeping up with me is going to be hard and conversations are going to be made exponentially and needlessly longer if I have to stop and explain every completely unimportant offhand reference I make.”
“You never were one to mince words.” Tony comments. “Follow me.”
“I’ll have to think about the deal,” Steve states, and feels Tony tense in his hold. He reaches up to cup the side of Tony’s face reassuringly. “But I don’t have to think about us. All I need’s a pen, and I’ll sign right now on the dotted line.”
“Are you all right?  I mean…should I call Miss Potts?”  His eyes seem more clear and blue when he’s concerned, even though Tony
“Oo, don’t forget the processed cheese!”  Darcy races out of the room and returns victorious with a green and white canister of what Steve thinks is
“Stark, if I talk to him, if I see him, after
“Let’s…let’s not do this.”
He feels more scared now than he had two nights before when he’d first gone up to Bucky’s apartment. Somehow
“Six o’clock is taking it easy?”  Tony glances at his watch.  It’s near midnight now, and even if he tries to go to sleep it’ll probably take a good two hours to settle and that’s only because he’s already pretty tired.  “Ugh.”
"Excuses.  I don't even think I ever
“Who the hell is Betty?”
“Barnes is alive,” Tony assures him, using JARVIS to check the man for a pulse and finding it steady and strong.  He’s just out like a light.  “He’s sleeping it off, but he’s safe.”
. It’s not even
She steps out of Tony’s embrace and forces him to look her in the eyes.  He hates when she does that.  It makes him feel like a child being scolded.
“Steve…” Bucky sighs, voice trembling, and Steve can only nod breathlessly in agreement with the underlying sentiment.  When Bucky opens his eyes, they both glance down to where their bodies are joined. Steve quivers at the sight and feel of Bucky’s body pressed into and against his.
His hair is slicked back with pomade, his moustache and goatee sharply trimmed. His black tuxedo cuts a neat line down his lithe body, white shirt crisp and pressed and black bowtie perfectly straight. He’s the one who looks like a movie star, holding a smile, holding a martini, and holding court. A group of giggling blonde starlets surround him, a sea of sparkle and sequins that shimmer in the warm lobby lights.
slip. Tony takes it, crumples it up, and tosses it over his shoulder.
“What
you see someone you know.  Standing on a street corner or sitting at the window of a café as you pass by.  You catch a glimpse of them out of the corner of your eye but then when you turn to look, it’s not at all who you thought…  It’s just a stranger.  That’s…everyday for me now.”
“It’d probably be bad if I crashed his baseball game, right?” Happy doesn’t answer, which is fine, because Tony didn’t need a response.  “Right.  I could cut a check to the thing with the kids though, maybe.  Luncheons are never that great because there’s hardly anything to drink, but maybe in this case…” Happy doesn’t chime in here either, so Tony lets it go.  He knows he has to hold off as long as he can; barging into things with Steve hasn’t exactly gone well for him so far and when he wants to, he can learn from his mistakes.  Theoretically.  In practice…
“I’m sorry, but aren’t you supposed to be
“Maybe sometime,” Bucky says, drawing his arms in around himself a bit protectively.  Steve looks at Natasha, expecting her to jump in the conversation anytime now, but finds her intently focused on carving, brows knit in consternation.
“What is this madness?”
“Were you always this incorrigible, or is this Tony’s doing?”
.  It’s the woman again, he thinks.  Maybe it’s not the same one.  He doesn’t know.
Despite Pepper’s obvious frustration, there’s an easy camaraderie evident between Tony and his girlfriend and his driver that only serves to make Steve feel out of place.  He contributes nothing to the conversation and no one seems to notice his silence.
“Gee, thanks.” Bucky mumbles and falls into line behind Steve, clapping a hand over Steve’s shoulder and playfully shoving him out the door, nearly pushing him into Tony in the process.  Tony hits 3B on the elevator as they get in and Steve shoots him a questioning look.
“We’re on our feet all day, the dang fool,” Dugan mutters around a mouthful of chicken as Steve turns and ambles away.
“And don’t sit on the comforter, those things are disease-ridden germ infestations.  They never wash them.”
“The last time I visited this fine establishment, Preston kindly offered me a tour of the wine cellar. I wondered if I might make use of that offer now?”
But to his surprise, Janet Van Dyne deftly stops the small rock, pinning it easily beneath the pointed toe of her bright red high-heeled shoe. She smiles at him as he looks up, lips a matching shade of red and her teeth brilliantly white.
He has Steve panting and gasping by the time he finally enters. He pulls back and watches as the head of his cock pushes past the tight rim of Steve’s entrance and he feels Steve’s muscles clench—tight, so tight—and then ease.
was happy. But all that time,
“I tend to get bossy, and I tend to overcompensate when I’m nervous.” Tony explains matter-of-factly, then winces. “I may also overshare.”
Steve steps back, slapping Tony’s hands away harshly.
I re-wrote this chapter from scratch three times. I don't know. Hopefully the end result is okay. Blerg.
“It’s not that bad.”
Clint and Sam are scrambling up the fence, attempting to balance their pumpkins atop the stone pillars that frame the iron gate.  Clint crows in triumph when he balances his first.
“Sure, Thor.”  Steve’s more than happy to do so, even if Thor does have a hard time sitting still.
already, and he may as well have shot Steve in the heart from the look on his face.
“Actually, Dr. Banner, we think Sergeant Barnes
“Hmm-hmm,” Tony nods, concentrating intently on mixing a fresh cocktail even though he could probably do this in his sleep.
“Unrequited attraction is a lot easier to deal with when the person isn’t two feet away.  If you were within arm’s reach, Tony might have…well, he might have reached.”  Pepper takes a sip of orange juice and then nods at something over Steve’s shoulder.  “Your eggs are burning.”
“We’re probably going to be the headline in the NY Post tomorrow, I hope you know that.”  Is all Steve says, gesturing to a woman with her cell phone aimed at them.  Tony shrugs and blows the gawker a kiss.
“I met one of ‘em once.  I was like, oh, maybe eight, nine?  I was at Macy’s with my mom and you were there.  Well, not you, but ‘you’.  I thought it was pretty awesome at the time, got my picture taken and everything.  Of course, dear old dad threw it in the fire, or else I’d pull it out and we’d have a good laugh over it now.”  Tony needs to stop talking but he can’t find the off switch.  Every word out of his mouth is making things worse.  These aren’t things he means to share or that Steve needs to hear.  He picks his fork back up and moves what’s left of his eggs around the plate.   “You’re better.  I mean…not like I sit around rating Captain Americas or anything – ”
For the first time in a long, long time, he has his health, he has an easy conscience, and he has love.  He and Pepper could go anywhere, do anything,
“I’ll take your word for it.”  Steve picks up another DVD case from one of the stacks on the coffee table, reading the blurb for
He knew him.
His own cock is leaking so he gathers up some of the liquid dripping from the head and strokes it down Steve’s hard length, trying to make the slide of his hand less rough and dry. It doesn’t last for long before it’s rubbed entirely into Steve’s skin, but Steve pushes whimpers of pleasure into the fabric of his pillowcase, thrusts his hips to meet Tony’s sliding grip, so Tony keeps going. He pumps a little faster, a little harder, as he kisses and sucks and licks around and into Steve’s ass, biting back on his own noises of satisfaction.
“Wait, wait.” Jan holds up one finger to signal a pause. She pries her high heels off of her feet. “It’s the shoes. It’s always the shoes.”
with Barton and Wilson squawking at each other and Thor asking questions every two seconds.”
Tony has a feeling this could only mean one thing.
Though it seems Captain America and Thor have developed quite the working relationship, their battle styles perfectly complementary, it’s when Tony heckles Steve warmly that something inside the Winter Soldier rankles. He no longer feels pride in having hacked their complicated communication signal and he switches off the feed. He leaves them to their inevitable victory.
“So, you and Cap, huh?” Peter tries to act normal but his voice cracks tellingly. “When did, uh, when did that start?”
He lasts five minutes, every tick-tock of the clock taunting him with its utter slowness, before he can’t take it any longer.
And Pepper knows that things have changed.  That Steve really is pure-hearted and wonderful and everything his father made him out to be, but he’s also human and imperfect and even more amazing than Howard ever let on.  Maybe more than Howard ever knew.  She knows that Tony and he are okay.  Maybe even friends.  What Pepper doesn’t know is that Tony’s been dreaming of Steve at night – hot, heavy dreams where Steve’s buried deep inside of him and making Tony groan out his name as they come together.  Not enemies, not friends, but lovers.
“Tony…” Steve groans. A drop of pre-cum drips from the slit of Steve’s cock to pool just below his navel, and Tony thinks maybe he’s not the only one who finds this standstill arousing.
He shoves his phone into his pocket and digs out the room key, slides it into the battered lock.
He turns in Steve’s embrace, the sudden movement jarring Steve into momentary confusion. Tony tilts Steve’s chin up and pulls him into a deep kiss. Steve reacts by urging him back against the wall, pinning him there with his own impressive weight.
“And you’re, what…Babe Ruth in this scenario?” Tony inquires disdainfully.
There’s a compliment for him in there along with the old-fashioned modesty and cautious phrasing but Tony decides not to dig it out.  It’s easier to let it lie.  Steve lifts the edge of his shirt to dry off his face and Tony’s focus snaps downward to the exposed skin, to the set of sculpted abs that are a permanent fixture of Steve’s perfect physique.  It’s a mixture of self-conscious jealousy and a bit of admiration, not lust, which makes his mind go blank.
“Didn’t end up going.  Buck came over for a while and then I got to painting.  Haven’t had much time for that lately.”
Bucky does not move. He waits until Steve finds his feet again and lets Steve walk to him.
“It’s a Harley WL 45 Flathead, 1946.”
She leans in and presses a soft kiss to his cheek.  He recognizes it for the blessing it is, but he doesn’t know if he can live up to its promise.
“Sure.  Fine.”  He mumbles, looking off down the street at nothing in particular.  “So what happens now?”
Tony sets down his wine glass and then pulls his money clip from his pocket. Steve should protest but instead all he does is watch Tony’s deft fingers peel off a number of large bills and place them face up on the table. Then Tony signals to their waiter.
“That's not...it.” Tony's words catch as Steve ducks back out from behind the dressing screen, still buttoning his untucked shirt over his undershirt. He hasn't put on his shoes or suit coat either, and Tony seems taken aback. His sideways glance at Jan suggests his surprise at Steve's uncharacteristic lack of adherence to decorum in front of a woman.
“No, that's not what I meant…” Tony’s brow furrows, like it’s just now registering how that might have sounded. “But I’m going to be insanely busy getting this thing off the ground – if you were on set everyday, wouldn’t that make ‘my seeing you’ so much easier?”
Bucky must have been close by enough to hear the timid knock because he opens the door almost immediately. He must have been waiting. The sight of him takes Steve’s breath away, reminding him exactly why he’s here.
Beside him, Pepper stays silent.
It’s strange to hear such violent words come out like a plea.  Like it’s an offer Tony needs him to take.
“Tony, I think I’m in –“ Steve shouts, but then a line of code shifts on the screen and he frowns.  “No, now I’m not.  The connection was lost.”
As he dampens a washcloth at the sink, he looks up into the mirror and finds Tony leaning in the narrow doorway, watching him. There’s lust in his gaze, clear as day, but there’s something else too, something that Steve dares to read as affection.
“I was so scared we wouldn’t still be us,” Steve whispers against Tony’s chest. Tony holds him, not speaking, as their breathing settles, as their heartbeats calm. Tony brushes his hair off his forehead and kisses him there, leaving his mouth pressed to Steve’s skin as he speaks next.
“It’ll keep ‘til morning.”  His hands go to Steve’s hips and guide him backward toward the hallway, toward the stairs.
“Tony, why did your parents fight about Steve?”  She asks again, the addition of
“What?  You don’t think this Stark’s gonna be another Hughes? That guy's already driving RKO into the ground and it's only been a year.”
“Smile for me, would you? You look positively dour.” Tony says as he pulls open the drawer and finds his glasses right where Pepper said they’d be. He slips them on and looks back up, Pepper’s sarcastic grin all the more crisp and clear. “Aw, Pep, at least pretend like you mean it.”
that he paid for company and he shared the wealth.” Steve is at a loss for how to sidestep that one. Bucky exhales, long and slow. “This is where I'm gonna reiterate that Tony Stark's a horrible influence.
Beyond the blinding light he can see movement.  Someone is shouting in Russian.  There’s a wild beeping, shrill and insistent.  A face, half covered in a white mask, hair tucked up underneath blue paper…wide blue worried eyes looking at him from behind plastic glasses.  It’s a woman, he thinks, vaguely.  He’s not sure why he thinks that.
that’s beyond sexual, something
“Guessing this Mr. Adams has quite the beard?”  Steve takes the razor from Tony with an arched eyebrow and a smile.  He tears open the difficult plastic packaging like it was tissue paper and turns on the sink, fingers swishing through the stream of water to feel its temperature.  He lets it run as Tony hands over the can of shaving cream.
“Hey.”  Tony catches his arm as Steve steps onto the platform, pulling him back slightly.  His brown eyes are wide and questioning.  “You okay?”
Steve reluctantly pulls back long after the kiss, singular, has becomes kisses, plural, and they’re both out of breath and a bit dizzy.  His pulse is racing and he feels a vague sense of shock, maybe better put as stunned disbelief.
He throws open his office door and crosses to Pepper’s desk.
It’s fleeting, the action covered from public view by Tony reaching with his other hand to give Steve one of the bright yellow oversized menus, but it feels like the most important thing he’s done in a very long time.
How many hours, days, weeks of his life had he spent simmering and stewing in his jealousy of that man? Tony seethed with it to the point of being sick and spent, exhausted by the force of his own envy.
Just then the bathroom door swings open.
Behind him, the door to the balcony opens and slides closed with a mechanical whir. Bucky doesn’t have to turn to look to know that it’s Tony. It's his place after all.
“I hardly think –”
switch.
“Tony,” Steve admonishes, nevertheless sliding a hand down the front of Tony’s boxer briefs, steadily rubbing over his thickening cock.  Tony hums in pleasure, still in thrall to how easy this has been.  He should never have fought it this long.
“And what do you want me to do about it?” Tony’s suddenly yelling, slamming his fist down on the top of the desk.  The glass cracks, spidering out violently.  Tony’s first instinct is usually survival but right now, it’s not.  Getting into a shouting match with Bruce Banner is a terrible idea on about a thousand different levels but at the moment he couldn’t care less about Bruce’s big green problem.
Fury stares at her, his mouth settling into a firm line.  Hill squares her shoulders, unapologetic and even a bit accusatory.
A series of images flash through Steve’s mind, mostly of Bucky and Tony in various highly sexual scenarios, and a few rather more innocent romantic ones. He blinks at Bucky, processing how he might feel about that. It doesn’t strike him as bad, exactly, and the thought of them doesn’t make him jealous, but it still feels slightly odd to consider.
Bucky sighs, and Tony can imagine him pulling at his shaggy brown hair, tension tangled in his fingers.
tomato and I
*******
, it’d be hard to be one still." His voice changes slightly, turning deep and warm like a really nice, smooth bourbon going down. His smile is slightly crooked and it's nothing if not endearing. "I’m actually behind the scenes now. Set design.”
“I’m sure I can handle it.”  He smiles as they slowly take the last few steps into the living room.
“I’d be offended, but I’m nothing if not entertaining, so I know it’s not
“I was having a dream. A nightmare. The…it just woke me up, startled me, I guess. Didn’t know where I was or…” He gestures to the swanky room, to the messy bed, to his own naked body. “Or anything.”
“Clint.”  Natasha sighs knowingly, and Clint gives in.
She looks at Cap again, her gaze lingering a moment too long.  Tony’s shocked to see a great deal of emotion – Regret?  Longing? Sadness? – as she watches Steve, who has left the group to stare idly at the painting above the fireplace.  Natasha’s strange behavior is enough to make Tony swallow the quippy brushoff on the tip of his tongue.
"Evidently you do."
Steve bites back the urge to point out that Tony has, in fact, said such things before, then takes a deep breath and lets that all go.
“Face it, Steve.  Some people can just pull it off, while others, they look like bums.”
“You took all that time to make it –”
Tony whirls around, arm out and repulsors ready.
“You’ll never stop looking.”  Pepper states, her voice strangely heavy, and then waits, looking at him like he’s supposed to say something.  What can he say?
Tony gives her a half-hearted smirk.  Pepper slides a hand down his back, moving in a gentle circle as she peers at him through the fringe of her bangs.
Happy lifts his chin and smiles at Tony in the rear view mirror, looking quite proud.
Steve turns and finds his former conversation partner is long gone, evidently giving up; Pepper now stands beside him, a glass of champagne held out in offer.  Steve gingerly takes the delicate flute, trying to handle the exchange with as much grace as possible.  But Pepper isn’t watching him; she’s looking at Tony too, with a wry, knowing smile on her face.
He had assumed that James Barnes was a good man, but maybe he’s been bad from the very start.
“What do you mean, I’m clearly unhappy here?”
“Lovely. The bungalow will feel like a bakehouse. Might be home early if that’s the case.”
“Should what…?”
“You’ve followed me this far,” Tony whispers back. Tony’s hand caresses his hip, innocent enough to be passed off as an accidental touch if anyone had been paying attention. They break away from each other as they approach a narrow back staircase that necessitates them to wind their way down in single file. It’s four flights before they come to a heavy oak door with an elaborate lock.
“You’re right, Pepper.  I know you’re right, you know you’re right.”  Tony pulls back slightly to look at her, brushing a stray strand of her beautiful copper-colored hair out of her pale blue eyes.  “It’s guilt.  You’re not the first person to say so.”
He opens up the bag and pulls out a steaming hot container of soup, along with some napkins and a metal spoon he’d grabbed from the kitchen on his way in.
“Uh huh.”
“Don’t think I’ve ever seen you nap, Cap.  Busy day?”
Hell, they took a group trip to the Met, which
Tony shrugs again.
“That means we only have one option left.”
They sigh together when Steve finally lets himself slip out.
The special abilities state advanced healing and a decreased aging process, but Steven Grant Rogers exceeds the expectations of those words. He stares at the two photographs, fingers gripping their edges tightly.
“By the way, Steve’s here.”  Her voice echoes back, an offhand punch to his gut.  He startles mid-drink, water dribbling down his chin and all over the front of his favorite AC/DC shirt.
“I’m coming over there and kicking your ass, Barnes.”  She hands the phone to Steve and storms off.  Bucky is chuckling on the other end of the line.
What it would have been like, had he not messed it up that night when Steve was going to make him dinner? That had been the beginning of the end, he knows. If he hadn’t screwed that up, he never would have come to Steve’s house to apologize, they never would have gotten so sloppy, and Bucky would never have been the wiser…
“I’m not concerned with being a fashion plate, Tony.  It’s just…” He stretches the fabric of the shirt, dismayed.  “It’s just that they’re a little…small.”
“I’m in so much trouble,” Steve says, more to himself than anything. Tony smiles and ducks out from underneath him in order to unlatch the gate. Steve’s hands trail down his body as Tony moves.
“I still don’t hear any solution, Cap.” Clint comments and Steve sighs, gesturing for Clint and Natasha to follow him to the elevator.
“I told you not to call me that, Stark.” Carol says sternly, but the corner of her frown twitches, giving her away. “And needless to say, we’re not broadcasting this to everyone. Just our close friends.”
“It wasn’t…it wasn’t like what you’re thinking.”
friend?”
that’s a physiological impossibility.   He wants to hold Steve’s earnest gaze on the principle that that look is making him jumpy and nervous.  He doesn’t like it therefore he must defeat it.
look – and Steve can hear someone whisper the name Tony Stark in disbelief.
“Burn those.”  He hands it to Cynthia.  Sliding his sunglasses back on, fixing the collar of his lovely new black button down, he then gives Steve another once over.  “Now that we’re fit for public consumption…time to paint the town red and gold, buddy boy.”
Tony shoots Natasha a look as if to say
He had needed to get out.  He had needed to make sure, somehow, that he wasn’t the only one feeling as he did.
“I like Tony fine,” Steve protests to two faces that clearly don’t believe him.   “My first impression wasn’t so wonderful but first impressions are often wrong.  Things are different now.” Natasha opens her mouth to contradict but Steve doesn’t let her.  “However, I clearly make him uncomfortable.  Don’t see the point of making a bad situation worse by becoming a constant presence in the man’s own home.  Hardly seems fair.”
“It’s ‘Steve’, for you now?” His eyebrow lifts higher.  He may refer to Cap as Steve sometimes in his head, but he usually doesn’t get that familiar out loud, and he hardly expected Natasha to either.  “Okay, so are you going to fill me in on what went down over the past few months or is this just something I have to go along with?”
Steve has never expressed so much emotion over any of the city’s changes; he’s mostly taken it in stride, ever adaptable.  Maybe Tony should’ve called in a favor and taken Steve to some place he’d never seen before, like the private rooftop garden at Rockefeller…but Tony figures the day’s events might have more to do with his exclamations than any real attachment to the old train hub.  Steve was probably going to lose it over something; it may as well be this.
It’s also not every night that he gets off on that kind of conversation either. It’s not like he’s never had a threesome or shared partners or dabbled in polyamory before, but he’s never loved anyone the way he loves Steve. He didn’t think he was going to be
“Talking about yourself?” Clint’s voice interrupts, slinging one of his tattooed arms over Tony’s shoulders, the other over Steve’s.   Despite wearing a slouchy knit hat and red plaid scarf to fight off the fall chill, Clint’s wearing jean shorts and he isn’t donning his usual black members only jacket over his faded Joy Division t-shirt.  The slightly tinny sound of the newest Savages album is coming from the beat up pair of headphones which Clint is still half wearing, one side pulled away so he can theoretically take part in their conversation.
“Then why did you want a pool?”
Steve leans in, pointing out the window.
“Tony, I don’t want to go back either, but this isn’t what I want.”
Steve throws his hands up against the headboard and tosses his head back against the pillows. The rosy flush of arousal is creeping from his face and neck down to his chest. His body is pulling ever more taut, muscles tensing against the onslaught of pleasure. His cock is flat against his abs, a string of come stretching from the tip to his stomach, pooling on his skin. It’s like Steve’s having a long, slow, drawn out orgasm, come forced out of him in a weak but steady stream.
“Not what—an inventor? Kinda seems like you are, Brucie. Or could be, with the right help. The right money. The right assistance.” He sets the papers back down and leans against the workbench, crossing his arms. “You know I’m rich, right?”
“Extreme is the answer, sometimes.”
So lithe and breakable, his body all sharp angles and lines. Everything about him somehow seems longer, like his neck and his arms and his legs, his fingers and feet, even though he’s nearly a foot shorter. It’s that there’s less of him
is a lie.  He’s wanted this for quite awhile.
“Not gonna happen.”
Tony grabs the hem of his black t-shirt and divests himself of it quickly, then shoves down his jeans and underwear in one move.
“I think…I think maybe he felt weird about letting himself in and using your gym without even saying hello to anyone?  The guy’s polite.”  Bruce sounds unsure about his theory, but to Tony the basic hypothesis seems correct.
“Whatever.” Tony drops his head back down to the cushions, waving her off.
it is .” He’d actually been eyeing
Steve looks at his reflection in the full-length mirror in front of them, Jan standing just beside it in her own smart black pant suit. He runs his fingers over the soft fabric of the tuxedo; it's not silk, but it's just as luxe.
Tony’s tongue insistently laves every inch of him with attention, lapping and licking as his dark head bobs between his legs. Steve’s never really cared about size and all that, but he has to admit he thrills at how Tony’s lips strain around his girth, how Tony occasionally and willfully chokes himself on his length, and how much Tony seems to love every second of it.
“Did you forget what I looked like while I was gone?  Last time you stared at my ass this long, Stark, you thought I was your PA.”
Every cell in his body sparks toward Steve’s, and Tony swears there’s strain from resisting his pull, like it’s a physical act, like it actually aches
To think, he had been worried Tony would be angry or concerned upon seeing those.
And they take out Baron Von Strucker’s last stronghold
“Yeah, well.  You’re not annoying.”
As he and Tony tear into bacon cheeseburgers, Steve thinks that maybe being here, at this place where the old has crashed into the new and made something special, well…it might just be all right.
“Mostly back to normal already.”  Steve slows his steps as he shows Tony his reddened palms, no longer raw and blistering as they were twelve hours ago.  Tony’s face twitches as he clicks his jaw.  He thumbs his nose and looks away as he starts walking again.
Of course, the law and day-to-day life are quite different matters.
“It’s an illusion.”
“A few hours?  Pepper, I’m in the rattling death throes here.”
“Indefinitely.”
He has a gash above his eyebrow that hasn’t quite healed and his blonde hair is for once a mess, like he ran his fingers through it once and gave up.  There’s also a surprising amount of scruff on Steve’s face, as there hadn’t been a razor handy when they stopped at a SHIELD safe house to haphazardly clean themselves up and stitch themselves back together before heading home.  Steve’s dark blue Under Armour clings to his chest and despite days without a proper meal, his body still looks strong and perfect.
“For the good of the team, huh?”  Steve asks with a slight wheeze, looking up at her as she towers above him, smirking just a little.  She grabs his hand and helps him up.
On screen, Wanda stands in Steve’s office, alone. She eyes a stack of money, temptingly sticking halfway out of its envelope on Steve’s desk. With a guilty glance off screen, Wanda slides the envelope deftly into her large, leather purse and then slips out of the office into the hall. She darts down the stairs and out to the busy street where a black car is waiting.
“Please tell me you can count cards.  Because that would be amazing,” Tony asks hopefully as they pass the black jack pits.
“I think maybe you’ve
be shocked when you make horrible decisions. I should be used to this by now. But somehow, you still manage to surprise me.”
Steve hesitates, rolling onto his back.
“He does look vaguely familiar,” Natasha comments dryly before extending her hand out to Bruce.  Bruce relaxes a little at Natasha’s reception, their strained history having left him apprehensive.  “It’s good to see you again, Banner.  Been in New York long?”
Nevertheless, he follows the blond man, the one whose name he has not been told, through the capital city streets with little difficulty.  When they wind up back at the man’s apartment, he’s almost annoyed, because if he’d known the man was simply going to return
“Color me stunned.”
“Buck?” Steve covers Bucky’s hands with his, his touch gentle.
The Dakota rises in the distance on the far side of the park, its eclectic mix of architectural styles still the same after all these years.  He remembers its taller yet far less ornate neighbor, the Majestic, being built. He must’ve been around twelve or thirteen, he thinks; things were still being built then, before folks realized how long the depression was going to hang on.
Steve's only reason for not having made a move yet to end their fight, is that he wants to grant Tony the space he needs. And he thinks Tony needs a lot more space than the inventor is comfortable with. First Tony had appreciated it but it's not what he needs anymore.
'It's been a long time, darling.', Steve eventually says quietly.
Steve sighs, trying to hide the blush. 'Nothing.', he mumbles again. Natasha sits down next to Clint, they both take a look at the picture of someone who is obviously Tony. He can't even deny that fact.
Bruce sighs deeply, fiddling with his glasses. 'Apart from some fractured rips and a broken leg he's deaf and will be for the rest of his life. The explosion destroyed his eardrum and more. There is too much damage to patch it.', he says in a low voice. Steve looks back at Clint who still is unconscious when they cart him out of the recovery room. Damn.
'Yes?' Tony stops in the doorway to look at his son, a soft smile on his face.
A month ago, Hydra had taken over SHIELD and had attempted to kill a rather big part of the world population. Steve had only barely been able to take them out and had almost paid with his life for that. There had been more luck involved than Tony felt comfortable with. He still blames himself for not ignoring Steve's direct wish to stay out of it all and flying down there to help him. None of this would have happened then.
'May I?' Steve raises his book, nodding at his usual nook.
He is still worried about the blond man who had hurled himself up in their shared space, looking through all the files of SHIELD that had been released by Agent Romanov in the process of taking Hydra down. Tony knows which information he is looking for so desperately and why Steve wants to get back on his feet as fast as possible.
'Jarvis, what was that?', Tony asks before he has even regained his balance. He sounds annoyed rather than frightened. When there is no answer though, he is no longer at ease. Fortunately he didn't notice Steve's blush at their closeness nor his lingering touch. It's not that often that Tony is as close as he had been moments ago
'Oh, Stella, what have you got for me today?', Clint asks with a wide grin, his eyes already fixed on the deliciously smelling food when it's their turn to order. Steve can't help but smile at his enthusiasm. Clint had been crazy about Stella's food ever since they first ate here in their first year of college. Now that Steve is in his last, they still regularly eat here, if just for Clint.
That's how it comes that Steve now sits in the common living room and sketches, waiting for it to be time to go downstairs again and pretend that his life doesn't revolve around Tony. Meanwhile, he draws to distract himself. A comedy plays on the TV, Steve's day's attempt to catch up with modern culture.
Steve sighs. 'I know. It's just.. I need to discuss something with you and, well, I am not sure they should see that.' He seems hesitant as if he doesn't know how to phrase this. Tony can feel his face fall. Steve doesn't really notice his reaction, being a little to busy looking at anything but Tony. Before he can ask though what Steve meant by that statement, the blond continues. 'It's about something I have found in the files. Something you should see.'
Unfortunately, Natasha just shakes her head as she enters his apartment. Clint groans. 'Rogers chickened out. As was to be expected.' She is just as unhappy about this development as he is. She had quietly followed Steve down to Tony's lab to ensure that the blond would actually talk about his feelings to the right person for once.
Natasha nods. 'It's your turn.'
'Dad!' Tony turns around to the source of the exclamation. The short, dark haired, boy comes running from the garden behind the house, letting go of the ball he had been holding. James is five and will be going to school next year, together with Lila, Barton's daughter. Steve and he had adopted James when he was little more than two weeks old. Pepper had organized the whole adoption from scratch on, Laura had helped especially in the first months. Tony still remembers how important that first moment had felt, when he had held James in his arms. He had been tiny, is still rather small for his age.
Tasha glares at him from across the table but keeps quiet when Steve throws a pleading glance at her. He doesn't want a fight between them right now. He has to write his thesis after all and can't deal with a sulking Tony who'd be hurt more by Tasha's comments than he would let on.
Steve seems hesitant, at least a little. He sits down next to Tony though without touching him. Tony doesn't want any space between them right now and reaches over to rest his hand on Steve's. The blond looks at him with sad eyes.
Steve disapproves. 'You already had two for breakfast.'
Steve most definitely flinches. 'Okay, I might not have phrased that well. Can you just come up so we can talk in person?', he inquires softly.
'Good morning, Tony.', she says. 'Rough night?' Tony wonders what she means but when he sees his reflection in the window, he understands her concerns. There are deep shadows underneath his eyes, a sure sign that he hadn't had much rest. He looks exactly how he feels.
First he had been livid to find out that the murderer of his parents is non other than Steve's best buddy from WWII. That he was or is being brainwashed barely mattered. Why would it? He lives, they are dead, period.
Why did Steve tell him this?, one part of his brain questions while the other rejoices that he did. This information in the hands of the wrong person at the wrong time could have horrible consequences. Nevertheless, it doesn't change a thing. His husband is trying to protect the murderer of Tony's parents.
Steve has tears in his eyes when he helps Tony stand up. The injuries slowly start to burn their way into his consciousness. He winces slightly when Steve puts an arm around him to support Tony but otherwise doesn't let his discomfort be noticed. His worries that Steve might hate him because he didn't protect his best friend enough vanish into thin air when Steve presses a kiss to his temple, muttering an 'I love you'.
“He is kind of a dick.” Bruce laughs despite himself, biting his bottom lip. He looks pleased.
“It’s true.” Bucky replies quickly, nearly talking over the end of Steve’s sentence. “It’s been true since the day my ma explained what this kinda love was and I finally had a word to put to that feeling I got whenever I looked at you.”
space.
Steve sighs, knowing the argument is pointless.  Bruce is back to being Bruce, no one got hurt, and getting angry is going to accomplish nothing.
Steve levels him with a flat look, clearly not game for whatever Tony’s about to do.  Tony ignores him.  He sets his hands firmly on Steve’s shoulders, meeting his glare straight on.
Tony quickly scours his brain in search of an adequate cover story.
Bucky leans down and kisses Steve once, softly. Then he pulls back slowly, eyes carefully locked on Steve’s face, and positions himself at Steve’s entrance. Steve stares up at him, their exchange wordless but clear, as Bucky finally guides his cock in with a slow, steady push.
“Yeah,” she responds, taking a deep breath of her own before gently pulling back.  She reaches up and caresses the side of his face, her eyes searching his for something.  He doesn’t know what.  “Let’s keep this hug thing between us, okay?  I’m not about to go doling these out to just anyone.”
He can see Tony nod out of the corner of his eye.
Steve hitches Tony up like he weighs nothing and wordlessly urges him to wrap his legs securely around Steve’s slim waist.   He’s hard, and he knows Steve can feel it pressing insistently against his stomach, and the only reason Tony stops himself from reaching down and pulling down his zipper is that he doesn’t want to push too far too fast.  He wants this to end up with Steve naked in his bed, but they haven’t exactly paused to…discuss.
“They’re not dead.”  The woman says, stopping in front of a closed, solid sliding door and hitting numbers quickly on the access pad.  “They’re only unconscious.  It won’t last for long.  That’s why we have to move.”
“Not personally.  We never crossed paths.”
“So, may I point out, are you.”
of it.  Was everything between them so fragile that his temporary and unwilling absence could destroy it?
happen, and frankly Greenpoint is toxic – literally – and who lives on the G, really?  Who does that?  But Long Island City, Astoria…I could handle that without becoming suicidal.”
He looks back at Tony as Tony gently closes the screen door behind him, not wanting it to bang shut, and then pushes the front door closed as well. The sound of the latch catching clicks loudly in the quiet room.
Tony traces lines and patterns over Steve’s warm skin, his touch light, and considers giving voice to the worry that’s still niggling the back of his mind. He lets silence reign between them for a few minutes before he breaks it.
“Mr. Ross. He wants to discuss your hiring of his daughter?”
“Tony…it’s eleven o’clock.  They closed an hour ago and these lovely people are waiting to go home.”  Pepper holds out her wrist to offer Tony a view of her diamond encrusted watch.  Steve tries not to balk at the small fortune she’s wearing so casually.  Tony glances at it, narrowing his eyes to unsuccessfully make out the time, and then leans back in his seat lazily and lolls his head back to look up at her.
“Not the faintest, sport.”  He looks out the window as Happy smoothly navigates the car around Columbus Circle and glides down 8th.   Tony’s jaw tenses again, teeth grinding.
“More like three, now.”
“Me too.”  Steve claps a hand over his, tangling their fingers together almost absent-mindedly.  The casualness of the gesture is not lost on Tony; Steve touches him like it’s second-nature now, their connection ingrained into their everyday routine.
“Apparently.”
It doesn’t bewilder Steve, as he knows American movies were one of the things barred from Natasha in her difficult childhood.  Afraid of Western indoctrination, the Red Room had explicitly prohibited almost all forms of imported entertainment; watching American movies feels like some kind of freedom to Nat, rebellious daring fun she’d never even attempted as a teen.
“You want to talk about it?” The offer is surprising but that doesn’t mean Steve’s about to take Tony up on it.
Bucky draws back to catch his breath, the pace of his hips not missing a beat, and Steve’s hands immediately go to Bucky’s strong pecs, palms cupping firm muscles and finger tips sweeping over his nipples. Bucky smiles a little, breathless and beautiful, as Steve lets his touch wander lower, tracing the lines and divots of Bucky’s abs and tight waistline. Again Steve finds himself caught off guard, rapt with wonder, at the sight of Bucky’s cock between his own legs. Something about seeing that dark thatch of hair and the inch or so of Bucky’s thick length that’s visible, knowing the rest of it is deep inside, fucking him open, is nearly as arousing as the feel of their actual fucking.
“Okay…” Steve nods. His heart stutters a little, the relaxation of a well-earned sleep ebbing away completely as the tide of anxiety sweeps in. He’d taken Tony at his word that he should explore his feelings for Bucky, but now is when he finds out how much Tony really meant it. If Tony can really handle it.
“I’ve been wanting to do this since the beginning.  There’s never been any doubt about what I wanted.  Just what I should do about it.”
“Can’t.”
It makes him feel a little odd, like maybe he should have been more grateful for Tony’s attentions now that he suspects he’s been singled out.  The leather bound set of first edition Walt Whitman poetry, the boxes of used jazz records, the set of oil paints…he’d tried to refuse the gifts at first but Tony had assured him that he liked doing it and he’d stop being amused and get offended if Steve kept trying to give everything back.
“There is no telephone in my trailer, Mr. Stark.” Steve replies, lowering his voice tersely as he quickly closes the space between them with two long steps.
“What are the chances I can figure out how to work the shower?” There is an elaborate panel with buttons and knobs and multiple settings in place of a standard tap. He can't even determine which one is the
Steve actually huffs a little, a slight grimace creasing his face.
In the end, he doesn’t mind. He’s a big idea guy. Well, he’s a details guy too. He can see the grandiose big picture and the nuances of the small picture, but Pepper’s just really good at getting everything out of his way so he doesn’t get bogged down in the daily minutiae that don’t directly relate to whatever’s on his mind at the moment.
“You are probably right, Carol, m'dear,” Tony admits with a sigh, tilting his glass back.
Clint shrugged off such incidents as if they were of no matter. Two years ago, he lost hearing in one ear due to faulty rigging setting off a staged explosion far too early, and he now counts anything less than that level of serious injury as a mere flesh wound. He likes to joke that he made it through the whole real war without getting a single hit, only to get injured in a fake one.
“Everything’s fine.” He’s pretty sure he’s not lying, but he guesses he’ll find out for sure in a few days’ time.
He hopes he hasn’t set them on the path to ruin.
“And here I thought it was because I was so dashing,” Tony smirks, and then sighs theatrically. “Very well then. Tell me, what else is on the agenda for this afternoon besides that meeting that is now cancelled?”
It’d be easier on Steve’s body to take him on his knees like this, but after Tony gets up to three fingers and starts to nudge his cock against Steve’s ass, Steve shakes his head no. He flips over, hooking his hands under his knees and pulling his legs back and apart.
“That was nothing compared to the trading cards, sir.”  She doesn’t wait to be dismissed before walking away.  Fury doesn’t try to stop him and Bruce from leaving either.
“Awhile yet.”
“Bucky, I’m sorry. I –” Steve trips over the words. He’d had a perfectly sound alibi lined up, something he’d practiced inside his head on the walk home, but when he'd arrived near on noon and Bucky hadn’t been there to greet him, he’d let it slip from his mind. Out-and-out lying has never come naturally to him.
There’s silence on the line for a moment. Then Tony can hear Bucky taking a few long, measured breaths, like he’s trying to collect himself before speaking again.
The metal door slams shut behind him.  Tony stares at the empty art studio, trying to process everything that just happened.
Steve musters up a smile. He genuinely appreciates Sam’s offer, but the last thing Sam needs is to spend the only half hour he gets away from the piano tonight listening to Steve’s problems.
“Too much information,” Sam coughs out.
“I’m going inside.”  Bucky mutters, patting Steve on the arm.  He pauses at the window before ducking inside.  “Maybe then you can apologize for more than party crashing, Stark.”
“Nevermind.  After your time.”
“So don’t you knock my mama’s cooking.” Sam says triumphantly, seeing from the look on Steve’s face that Steve knows he’s right.
Tony waffles in front of him, clearly unsure what to say.
Jan had assured him that was enough.
“You can’t get the clap from sitting on a bed,” Steve comments unhelpfully, nevertheless heeding Tony and standing up.  His towel slips a little and he pulls it tighter.
“I live nearby, so it was no trouble,” Steve replies, his conversation with Happy coming back into mind. “Thank you for sending Happy. The Delahaye is a beautiful automobile.”
It’s when Steve stands up and stretches, working a kink out of his back from being hunched over on a metal stool for hours, that Tony breaks.  The sight of Steve’s thin t-shirt riding up and revealing the waistband of his underwear peeking out from the top of his jeans, the sharp cut of his hips showing and his abs flexing as he stretches – it’s like an old Calvin Klein ad come to life right in his workshop and he can’t fucking stand it.
