John was pacing the flat, his phone at his ear and Maeve in his free hand. She was running her hand over his chest and gurgling loudly, in impatience.
Mycroft swallowed past the lump in his throat. Maeve took the silence as an opportunity to start babbling away, seeking more food. Greg chuckled and lent over the table to hand her another carrot. She took it from him and started chewing away.
The door to the private room opened and a doctor stepped out, his looked slightly confused at the sight of the police officer holding the baby but kept himself composed. “He’s awake, I’m not sure he’ll be able to tell you much but I understand that this is a matter of importance. But try not to strain him too much.”
Greg took a breath. It was refreshing to see Sherlock employ some manners, even if it were when it suited him the most. “He’s something of a working dad now.”
“Right, well, you left me with her when she was inconsolable.” John looked down at the baby in his arms and popped the bottle out of her mouth, to slow her down slightly. “She’s barely eaten, she was screaming.”
“No,” Sherlock shook his head. “I started taking drugs at fifteen: cannabis and cocaine, in small doses and only occasionally, to numb my mind. Victor Trevor provided me with Cocaine when I moved to Cambridge at sixteen. I got kicked out of university and cut off from my trust fund.”
“Is Sherlock back?” John asked craning his neck to look inside the Moses basket at the sleeping baby, she was wearing a simple pale yellow sleepsuit with a teddy bear on it. Her mouth parted and breathing even.
It has taken me ridiculously long to upload this chapter, there is no excuse for it considering it was not a particularly long or important chapter. I have been so stressed recently with all my university work - deadlines and exams - and been having some issues of my own. I finished uni last week and should have been able to update this at least once in that time. Shame on me.
Maeve huffed in annoyance as Sherlock stopped rubbing in the baby shampoo and quickly tipped water to wash it away, using his hand as a shield to protect her face.
Pain blossomed across the back of his skull and he fell forwards, grappling against the counter as he blinked in surprise. He grasped the back of his head with one hand and felt wetness against his fingertips.
Sherlock smirked at him and rose from his chair, he flopped onto the sofa dramatically, “What does that make you?”
Mycroft stepped into the living room to find Sherlock resting on the floor with his back against the sofa for support, legs bent and spread to allow room for Maeve. She was strapped into a beige coloured bouncer with a teddy bear on it and matching teddy bears hanging from the arch over her though she was far more interested in his brother’s hand, she was eagerly chewing on the offered digits that were dripping with spit.
Sherlock nodded eagerly like a child that had bargained for an extra ten minutes at bed time and Greg reached out to touch the younger man’s arm, running it over his bicep in a comforting motion before dropping his hand back to his side.
“Yes.” She looked down with a small surprised smile. “I knew you could read people like that but it’s a little unnerving when it’s happening to you.”
“You observed her?” Greg asked, unsure. Sherlock’s observations usually spun from his deductions which were not well received.
John smiled to himself and nodded. He waved at Maeve, she was at Sherlock’s feet, between the two chairs, lain on her front across her tummy time mat surrounded by toys and the cat, who was sleeping despite being grabbed occasionally by the curious infant.
“Did Uncle ‘Croft do tummy time with you?” Sherlock asked her, voice rumbling in his chest and against her small body as she continued to cry. His lips moving against her forehead as he refused to peel them off of her skin. He ignored the looks that both men shot him, John in complete confusion and Mycroft in surprise, it wasn’t a nickname he’s used since being a child but it felt appropriate now.
Sherlock climbed the stairs of 221B with caution, not making a sound as he avoided each and every noisy floorboard. He didn’t want to disturb them, he told himself. Mostly, he wanted to observe his brother with Maeve. He trusted him, as much as it pained him to admit it, he knew his brother would do his utmost to care and protect for his daughter.
The chapter names will either be the week, like how old Maeve is in weeks, or if more happens in a small space of time, then it will be the age of the day (that doesn't make any sense) of the first day of the chapter, like it would be 'ninety-two days old' even if it covered a whole weekend.
The room was silent for a moment, a stunned silence fell over the occupants of the room and the only sound was that of Maeve snoring softly in her comfortable chair. Violet opened her mouth but didn’t speak, she resembled a fish for a moment with her mouth agape, and she managed after a moment, “Yes.”
Mycroft hated how much Sherlock sounded like a child, it reminded him of all the times he’d come back from university and was guilt tricked into funding or aiding Sherlock in his ridiculous experiments.
Greg gave a look as if to say ‘if you say so’ and swiftly changed the subject. “What’s the case you’ve got them working?”
“She is.” Sherlock smiled and ran his hand over her hat covered head. “I was hoping for some dinner.”
Maeve whined. Sherlock jolted from the conversation, happy for the interruption but still wanting to hear more. She was awake. She was awake and kicking under her blanket. She didn’t look happy. “Ohh, dear.” Sherlock exhaled, he reached into the pram and pulled Maeve close to him.
“Here is your lovely clean daughter.” John placed the squirming bundle of a baby on Sherlock’s stomach and went back to his previous position at the desk, typing on his computer.
The officer that was talking to her looked up at him but didn’t stop informing her on what happened next.
“It’s not a precise art” Sherlock snapped, people seemed to think he was able to deduce his daughter’s sleeping habits, which he was to an extent, but, a number of factors could wake her or keep her sleeping longer.
“Do you spend a lot of time with her then?” the blonde reached for the baby and tickled at her palm.
“We, us, this is new, it’s a bit early in a relationship for family photographs but you included me, you didn’t even think about it.” The blonde explained, looking down at the baby between them and fondly stroking her head as she drank. Her eyes flicked up to him for a moment, and then back to Sherlock with the realisation that it was John touching her and now some random stranger.
“To the bathroom?” Sherlock returned, shooting Greg a look that said ‘are you an idiot’ and promptly left the room.
“This is a lovely picture” Mrs Hudson smiled at the picture of Maeve on the mantel piece, the same one that John had questioned Sherlock about four days ago.
Maeve kicked her legs wildly in the shallow bath, flinging warm water everywhere including onto the consulting detective. He cursed the moment the bath support jerked slightly with the force of her kicks and she gurgled, mouth threatening to tug into a smile but not quite ready.
It was larger, A5 in size. A cheap envelope but felt full, with more than one sheet of paper. His name was scribbled on the front. He turned round, back into the warmth of Baker Street, kicking the door shut with his right leg.
“Quite.” Sherlock agreed with a tight jaw and curt nod of the head. Maeve released a high pitch whine in her sleep, drawing attention back to her.
It was universally known that Maeve was happiest when she was with her dad or in the bath. She splashed in the bath with a vigour Mycroft hadn’t seen in quite some time. It reminded him of Sherlock at a young age except his brother would avoid washing at all costs till his hair became matted and they’d threaten to cut it all off. He hoped that Maeve did not inherit all of her father’s stubbornness.
“Isn’t it a bit early?” Mycroft asked. Of course, he’d been reading up on pregnancy and birth and babies and such in preparation, but it seemed early, even to him.
“Cappuccino,” John told him as he placed one of the steaming cups on the table, close to the detective but far enough that Maeve couldn’t reach out and knock it.
Anthea was spurred into action. She produced a timer of five minutes at the bottom which began counting down and a blown up image of the CCTV footage; Liam Ashcroft walking away from the crime scene with Maeve in his arms and his head turned strategically away from the camera. An image of the man in question appeared on the other half of the screen; broad with dark blonde hair and a light dusting of facial hair, chocolate brown eyes a dull thin lips.
“They moved her to the delivery room ten minutes ago. But I’m not family, they won’t tell me anything else.” She admitted, looking down at her phone as she did so.
Sally was waiting by the door to Lestrade’s office with Anderson, not talking, just waiting and her eyes softened at the sight of him. Sherlock recognised the flashes of concern and relief, similar to the rest of the Yarders. “Coffee?”
“Fine,” John repeated, something between an angry and amused smile settling on his lips. “What are you twelve?”
“They were happy enough to have you deal with the paperwork and rush through the first visit” Sherlock responded, both annoyed and slightly confused, “they were happy enough.”
“Comfy?” The consulting detective asked with a smile, eyes flicking to the cat. He crossed the room and placed Maeve’s carseat on the desk, the movement slow and careful, she continued to sleep.
“Well, what are we going to do with you?” He asked his sleeping daughter. “I suppose, the first thing on the agenda is naming you, your mother had ideas of course but…well, it’s just going to be you and me now. And the names she picked were awful.” He admitted, snorting at the memory of Claire asking his opinion on ‘Margaret’ and ‘Pamela’. A smile settled on his face, small but sure, a lopsided type of smile that was both genuine and something he wasn’t entirely used to. “I suppose, we’ll have to come up with something better than that. And then, when we’re allowed to, I’ll take you home with me.”
Mycroft nodded and moved to make the bottle, retrieving the bottle and formula from the cupboard he had dedicated to her. He lingered in the doorway, shifting nervously on his feet, something totally un-sherlock like. John smiled and gestured to the empty seat beside him. Sherlock considered it for a moment before nodding and climbing cautiously into the tall chair.
Violet and Siger ordered quickly, afternoon tea and John took the liberty of ordering Sherlock and himself a sandwich that man wouldn’t eat unless you forced it on him, rich considering how attentive he was to Maeve’s eating habits. The waitress ducked away and left them alone.
“He said that if I could contain myself through the ceremony that he’d allow us the country manner for next weekend,” he explained.
Sherlock nodded. The thought had occurred to him. He couldn’t get his daughter to sleep after almost two and a half hours of being awake, of walking around in the morning air and just talking. “I need to focus on this case.”
“You don’t seem fine.” The blonde moved towards the back of the car to collect the bags as the driver did the same with a small reassuring smile.
“I believe the words you are looking for is ‘thank you’,” Sherlock corrected him with a raised eyebrow.
“No,” Greg snapped, “I mean it, no running off on your own, you call me the moment you hear something.”
Sherlock was stood with his arms over the table, leaning forward with his attention on the photographs from the locations where the bodies were discovered. He had abandoned his suit jacket and rolled his sleeves to his elbows. “I need to speak with them.”
The door opened and Mike Stamford stepped in, eyes widening at the sight of the pair working in the lab and the purple pram beside the unapproachable man. “Bloody Hell!” He exclaimed a little too loud.
“Use your words darling.” He said with a raised eyebrow. It was too early for words, as John kept telling him, but there was no harm in encouraging her to speak.
Again, it's a day late but I had my last day at work yesterday followed by a Christmas meal so it completely slipped my mind but here it is, as promised. More Christmas content.
“My homeless network…” he trailed off at the confused look on her face. “I pay the city’s homeless to help me find people that have committed murders or places where crimes are going to be committed.”
When Sherlock spoke again it wasn’t for quite some time and his voice was considerably lower, all the mirth from before was gone. “I don’t think you should be alone.”
“Is Maeve ok?” John asked, standing up and letting the covers drop. He was thankfully wearing bottoms, low on his hips, and the band of his boxers in plain view.
“Maeve is biologically Sherlock’s, the mother was a one night stand.” Violet explained, eyes flicking to the baby against her chest. Her small hands were open now and beginning to wander over her blazer. “She abandoned the poor thing when she was two days old, left her on Sherlock’s doorstep. He took her in.”
“Yes, so what shall we get your uncle Mycroft? I doubt it will be a surprise.” He said with a pointed look at the CCTV camera above him. He himself doubted that Mycroft would be watching him but according to Sherlock, it was entirely possible.
Sherlock listened to his footsteps retreat down the steps and the final slam of the door. He looked down at Maeve, “just the two of us.”
Siger lent forward in his chair. “Just because your brother won’t care for the child doesn’t mean that we can’t.”
“I must admit, we know very little about her, didn’t even know she existed until…yesterday, when John called.” Silvia said with no real bite, only vague annoyance and upset.
“Anything to stop your mind from, what was it you used to say?” Sherlock sighed, his brother’s memory was perfectly fine. “
The baby jerked at the sound, startled and began screaming. Sherlock cursed, ignoring the shocked looks from John and Greg, who hardly ever heard him swear, and moved back to the cot. “Shhh” he attempted to sooth her. After a few moments he scooped her into his arms, supporting her head and cradling her to his body. He jiggled slightly until she settled down somewhat and flicked his gaze back to the grey haired man, whose chocolate brown eyes were baring into him like he’d grown a second head. “What are you doing here?” Sherlock asked, tone lacking its usual harshness.
Sherlock hissed as the stretch as John moaned, “so tight, I was just in you a moment ago.  How are you so tight again?”
Sherlock stared at the ceiling as he felt the stretch increase as John added another finger.  It felt good even through the pain.  His body and mind rebelling and they fought over what was too much and what was not enough.  His instincts won.  The heat deep inside was worse than the stretch at his opening.  Everything primal within him shouted that he needed more.  Deeper.  Larger.  Fuller.
“Do you regret it?” Sherlock asked now that John was too busy to look at him as he asked.  John looked up as soon as he spoke though.  A string of saliva connecting them, mouth to nipple.
“No, never.  If I avoid all Alphas and refrain from all stimulation, especially penetration, I can avoid it without extending my heat.  If I start though, I find I must continue throughout.”
“I need you, John.  Help me with this.” Sherlock breathed; desperation tainted his voice.  Years of denying his body made his desire feverish now that his heat had broken through.  John’s presence was not helping either.  He was thoroughly oozing with Alpha power and charm.  He could not let John leave.  He couldn’t go through this alone.  There was no one else he trusted.
There was a note on the floor on the landing.  A single piece of folded paper.  On the front it said,
“It did, well, sort of,” he explained, “it has a hollow centre, it is possible to inject lube through it via a syringe.”
“That’s hot.”  John smiled, but Sherlock only heard it as he hid his face.  John, still moving slowly, withdrew the toy further.  “Chance wants to fuck you until you come.”
Sherlock held the mug in one hand and directed John’s fingers to the point on his belly where he could feel the toy.  Higher than his bellybutton and to the left.  John massaged the spot, fancied he could feel the head of the dildo through Sherlock’s skin.
John just stroked over Sherlock’s hip and slowly pumped his fingers in and out.  He would need to get his whole fist in if there was to be any chance that he could get his cock wet.
Towelling off he felt fresher and freer than he had all day.  He resolved that he would ride out the rest of his heat alone.  He would not be driven by his own biological drive or anyone else’s.
Where his hand now reached felt dryer and the membrane tacky to touch.  He withdrew his hand slowly, snaking his way free from Sherlock’s body.  His hand wrinkled with the prolonged dampness.  He pumped lube into his palm until it threatened to overflow, then he pressed the full squelching handful into Sherlock.  John pressed deeper, the lube flooding from his hand into the passage, making moving easier and more fluid.  He wanted Sherlock to be soaking though.  He pressed the thin applicator in alongside his wrist and pumped another dose of the warming lubricant in.  The warming lube had a muscle relaxant in it, and he could tell that it was helping to widen Sherlock’s channel.
He couldn’t have just passed it out the door like anyone else would have, John thought as he stepped inside the steamy room.  His eyes raked over the counter for his wallet.  The heady pungent scent arrested him and sent him into an instant fizzing arousal.  His eyes snapped up to see Sherlock standing sheepishly naked with his towel clutched in front of his groin.  The wallet was forgotten in the wake of the sights and smells of the room.
“Hmm, me too.”  John smiled against his neck; his hips twitched at the deep lush scent that he found so intoxicating.  “I want to claim you, I want that so badly.”
John lowed the pants a little more, just allowing Sherlock’s cock tip to poke free.  Then he swiped his thumb over the tip to collect the pre come that beaded there before sucking his cock into the wet confines of his mouth.  Just the tip.  Leaving Sherlock desperate for more.  Sherlock realised that his hands had gravitated to John’s head.  Not pressing, but shifting in his hair, feeling it tickle in between his spread fingers.  John hummed, tongued the slit.  Sherlock held back a groan of pleasure.
Sherlock felt his body ripple around the slow-moving intrusion.  The sensation so different from the usual feeling of being penetrated.  Usually there was pain first, and an ungodly stretch, pressure both physical and mental, knowing he needed to take whatever the Alpha on top of him wanted.  Now though, he was already stretched, relaxed as he had ever been around an intrusion.  The first movement was out and not in.  That made him gasp.  The finger than John pressed around his rim made him shudder.  The toy squelched as John shifted it further.  Sherlock threw an arm over his face to hide from the embarrassment his body provided.
“I don’t think anyone is ever completely ‘ready’ for something like that to be stuck up their arse.”  Sherlock snipped.
“Oh God.  Sherlock.  You already feel amazing.” John said as he pushed forwards until his flared head was enveloped by Sherlock’s body.
John pulled back a little, reached up and stroked over Sherlock’s cheek with his knuckles.  “My poor Omega.”
He helped Sherlock to prop up his hips with a pillow and shuffled forwards to line up his cock.  He had to stroke himself up to hardness, the lack of scent, making him strangely slow to get excited.  He pushed the tip inside.  Something was wrong, John registered.  Sherlock’s hole was not only tight but dry too.  Sherlock whimpered, pressed his eyes shut.  John pulled out.  “Shh, take it easy.  Sorry.  I thought you’d be stretched enough.”
Sherlock panted.  He was barely able to get the words out, “always been like that.  Just part of what’s wrong with me.”
Sherlock found John’s hands and weaving their fingers together they shook through the aftershocks.  Locked together they watched Sherlock’s belly in wonder as John’s pulsing cock twitched beneath the skin.
John held Sherlock tightly.  Throwing himself forwards to wrap his arms around his chest.  Knowing he would fight and struggle again.  Knowing that the stretch was too much for his body.  He could feel it.  Near painful around his knot.
John nodded, he had seen Omegas like this before, so needy for cock that everything else was a nuisance.
“Tie my hands.  Tie them to the bed.  Then I know you will be ok.  I won’t be able to let go unless I know you’re safe.”
“I’ve got you now,” John promised, as he ran a hand down Sherlock’s flank, over shuddering skin, and firm muscle, “I’ll look after you.”
“Better than this?” John asked running is hand along the length of Sherlock’s chest down his stomach and along his half hard cock.  The contact made Sherlock moan sinfully.  “No, I don’t think so.”
John used his other hand to press in a single finger.  Sherlock moaned at the stretch, his legs twitching.  John leaned in and took Sherlock’s cock between his lips.  Sherlock bucked his hips in delight.  While John lavished his cock with his mouth, his slipped his hand out and then replaced it again this time with his thumb pressed close.  He sucked Sherlock’s cock hard as he worked his hand slowly inside.  He had never been with an Omega that he could not fist easily after they had taken his knot.  Most time he could punch-fuck them to completion if he needed a break between couplings, but with Sherlock he could barely press inside.  When his wrist was surrounded by Sherlock’s gripping hole he let go of his cock with a wet pop.  He worked his hand in deeper.  Slowly continuing to map Sherlock’s body.  Slowly rotating and walking his fingers over the ripples of heated membrane.
The sight before him, pale skin, taught muscles, all ending in those captive wrists.  Knowing the Omega could not run.  Could not escape.  That was all that held him back from fucking savagely.  Knowing that he was in full control.  It was control that he revelled in.  His Alpha fed off it like it was an elixir.  “Enough if this.  Brace your hands against the headboard.”
John knew he would not be able to stop himself if he used his mouth.  He clamped his hand over the back of Sherlock’s neck.  Pressed him into the pillows.  Squeezed the bond site.  Squeezed it hard, nails digging in possessively until Sherlock went limp beneath him, breaths coming like sobs as he tried to get enough air.
“Yep.  Jesus.  I think you have rung me dry.”  Sherlock said in a voice that sounded more even than it should have been.  Sherlock pressed his lips to John’s.  “Felt good.”
“Are you sure?”  John had to admit there was something rather appealing about the idea.  An Omega trapped at his mercy, tied right there in front of him so that he could have his way with him.
“Yes, true.  There are new tests available.  I know a good specialist.  When your heat is over, they can look into what is going on.”
He took his time.  Enjoyed the ripples along the tip of his shaft.  He massaged the Fake Slick along his own length, the warmth providing a glow for him too.  John pressed forward only when Sherlock opened up to him.  It was the slowest he had ever gone with anybody, yet he could tell it was still as fast as Sherlock could take him.  They walked the tightrope of pleasure, pressure, and pain.  John massaged Sherlock’s stomach, trying to get the muscles to relax enough to let him in.  It helped, but it was slow work.
He stroked along Sherlock’s flank.  Upwards towards his chest.  Cupped his peck as if it were a breast.  Tweaked his nipple between his thumb and forefinger.  John smiled as Sherlock hissed in a breath.  John rolled the tight nipple between his fingers watching the areola wrinkle and tighten.  He pushed Sherlock down on his back so he could press his mouth down over the tight nipple in a wet worship.
“No one did.  Not even my stupid brother and he got me out.  Just the doctors who stitched me up afterwards.  No one else.”
“Oh, right.  Maybe next time.”  Sherlock’s eyes sunk shut.  Relief and spent exhaustion rolled over him.
John smiled at the uninhibited way Sherlock moaned as he closed his fist and rocked back against the inside of his opening.
He put his tea down.  Stroked a fingertip down Sherlocks ribs; traced along the lowest one to the centre of his body.  “Can you feel it?  Where the toy ends?”
“It’s going to be ok.  Just let me look after you.”  John muttered.  It was pleasure he wanted to take charge of now.  He wanted to do this for Sherlock.  He wanted it to be the best fuck he had ever had.  So good that it erased all the others.
John smiled down at him as he lifted Sherlock’s legs up onto his shoulders, pressed himself forwards.  Bending Sherlock in half.  Sinking deeper into his tight heat.  God, he felt good.  John’s hips moved more, pulling at Sherlock’s rim with his bulging cock.  Pulling as hard as he dared.
Sherlock wasn’t in a position to argue, he needed anything an Alpha could give him right now.  His brow creased as discomfort plagued him.  Heat was only discomfort with a few moments of relief.  He hated it.  John was making him feel better though.  Better than anyone ever had.
“Clearly,” Sherlock muttered, clearly embarrassed, then after a pause, “you’re a doctor, can you stop it?”
John pumped his fingers with more intent.  Sherlock’s hand fell into rhythm with John’s movements.  It was only the work of moments.  Sherlock’s back arched off the bed and with the first spurt of come.  John pressed in harder.  Slipping his knuckles and palm into Sherlock’s body.  Watching in fascination as Sherlock spent over his concave stomach.
John pressed forward with his index finger into a heat so fiercely tight that they both gasped.  “You’re so tight.”
He knew he could not lift Sherlock onto the bed so instead he dragged him backwards gently until they were both on the floor.  Sherlock sitting in John’s lap.
Sherlock didn’t know why John stopped, but he used the moment to regain some composure.  His eyes still tight shut under his elbow.  If he looked a John now, that those bright intelligent eyes, lit up by arousal, be would surely lose his battle and come.
John chuckled as flipped the duvet up over Sherlock’s back before he pulled on his support shorts again.  Hissed a little at the sensitive chafe on his overused cock.  Smiled again at why, as he stepped out into the hall, shivered in the cool air.  He flicked the kettle on as he passed.  He’d run up to his room and grab his dressing gown, he decided.
“Did you just bond me?”  He asked in an empty calm voice as John relaxed both his mouth and his hold of Sherlock.
Eyes wide, Sherlock gulped.  How had he not noticed that metallic purple and blue monstrosity on the bed?  He must have brought it in when he fetched the lube.  “Where did you get that?”
Sherlock flinches back, eyes widening when all the man does is get up again and worry about his hairstyle.
A sob rises in John’s throat. He forces it down again, yet his feet move without consulting his brain first, bringing him closer to Sherlock’s side.
Anthea merely smirks before taking her leave. John stares after her. Whatever this means, it doesn’t sit well with him. And ignoring the uneasy feeling in the pit of his stomach has never served him well.
“Just sometimes,” Janine dismisses. Not the first time she omitted information, John registers underneath his mounting concern. “Please? She was in a bad state when she left.”
“You’re too slow, John,” Jim teases, tilting his head. Another minuscule movement and his lips will brush over John's skin.
“On behalf of wronged and deceased siblings,” Sherlock confirms. “Obviously flawed in its logic but to our killer it certainly is perfectly sound. She probably lost a sibling recently at the hand of an older one –”
“I found it,” John chimes in, crossing his arms. “On the floor of Sherlock’s room this morning. You know, when you couldn’t be reached.”
“Don’t,” Mary calls out. “My finger is already on the trigger, Jim. You kill me, your game is over.”
Mycroft did stay way from Baker Street to protect his brother. Anthea’s newfound authority is by design – Mycroft knows he won’t be able to continue his work should this be resolved, so he has been priming her to take over his job and laying the groundwork for an easy transition.
“I shall take my leave,” Sholto announces. “Please do send for me once you move on to more… practical matters.”
His destination, the Gideon, is the type of club John imagines Sherlock frequented once upon a time during his cocaine benders, at least based on Greg’s sparse stories. Sleek lines, posh, attractive people, expensive drinks and an atmosphere that makes John’s skin itch. The bouncer is silently judging John even as he lets him enter – Janine or Moran must have told him to – and he tracks down his sister as quickly as possible.
“I do not believe in coincidences, John,” is Mycroft’s response. “I advise you to adjust your worldview accordingly.”
A song Sherlock doesn’t know starts playing and Moriarty sways his hips to the beat for a moment before executing a spin and sighing in joyous relief. “Oh, it’s good to be back!”
John doesn’t have the words to name the stake involved. ‘Everything’ seems too trivial, Sherlock’s name wouldn’t carry the meaning. So all he does is shrug and fight the bile rising in his throat. James understands, fortunately, always has. His eyes are warm but he doesn’t move closer. John doubts he would have let the man.
John blinks, dropping his eyes back to the contents of the folder. His conclusions would mean that somehow Anthea has acquired enough authority to get the government to fund a house for him and his child.
It sounds exactly like something the older Holmes would do. John almost giggles, meeting Sholto’s questioning expression before watching him nod at his butler. Butler, Jesus.
He catalogued every scar marring the visible patches of John’s skin years ago. The line of skin where his wedding band used to reside, paler in contrast to the tanned fingers, however, is new.
He takes two steps forward, three back, turns to the sink, the toilet, spares a glance at the shower. Hell, he would walk up the walls if he could. The swell of sentiment, even something as tediously simplistic as jealousy only serves to make the chaos in his mind worse. Sherlock comes to an abrupt stop to flick on the cold water faucet and splash some on his face.
His medical ethics are stronger than his impulse to turn and run, so John makes sure Harry is tucked in after drinking a glass of water and leaves another glass on her bedside table.
Sherlock expected as much; after all, he can still feel John’s grip on his shoulder, saving him from the ricochet of at least two bullets instead of protecting his wife, yet he opts not to dwell on it too long since his heart always gives a pathetic flutter at the memory.
He licks his lips and tries to focus on the problem at hand. Something Mary said months ago echoes in his mind.
“You’re nothing but a pawn in this game of chess,” Mycroft spits, his usual air of decorum gone as he talks over John. “Remember your place and everything will be fine.”
“She hurt her hand and she’s refusing to go to A&E, said she’ll only let you take a look, I’m sorry to bother you this late but she’s really worked up.”
“Danny had to leave,” Harry pouts. “I wanted you to meet him. You’ll like him, Johnny, he’s really handsome and smart.”
He places his left hand on Sherlock’s shoulder (for medical reasons) while he dials Mycroft’s number with his right. It’s Anthea who answers.
John ignores him. He doesn’t tell him about the joint account, set up years ago when they first started taking payment, doesn’t mention Sherlock never concerns himself with finances and contends himself with giving John free reign.
“The one and only!” There is the dull beat of club music in the background. “Surely Harry mentioned – oh! Is that why you looked so lost the other day?” Janine chuckles but then finally sheds some light on this weird situation. “Harry’s working for Seb and we’ve become friends, sort of – oh, right, she calls me Ji-Ji, I always forget. Or deny, really, it’s a silly nickname. Can you come, John? Please, she’s really upset.”
Curiosity wins out. John complies after signalling the guard outside the door and is rewarded with a strong kick from his child.
If he’s smiling at the prospect, he makes sure to hide it from all potential cameras in the vicinity.
“Do you want to build her something or will a shoe carton suffice?” James asks softly while his right thumb is rubbing circles into Q’s skin through two layers of fabric.
“You shot her,” he states, and almost wishes he could take it back because John’s face darkens into an expression he never wants to be responsible for putting there ever again.
Mary is indeed inside the hall, perched on a steel table, gun cradled in her lap. Broken machines have long been pushed to the side, opening up the space for whatever shady business has been conducted here for decades. Mary slips off the only furniture remaining in the middle and lifts her weapon as an afterthought.
Fortunately, Sherlock remains oblivious. The detective is pouting like a petulant five-year-old and John prepares himself for prolonged exposure to angry violin music once they get back to London.
“You’re making tea. So the world really is ending,” John rasps. The joke falls flat – Sherlock isn’t listening.
“Oh darling, of course I do,” Mary insists. She sounds sincere to Sherlock’s ears. “I’ve loved you since the first time I saw you.”
The resulting staring match doesn’t last particularly long, either because Anthea can tell that John’s not backing down about this or because she decided there are better uses for their time.
A shadow darkens Mycroft’s features. John can practically feel the sorrow and guilt radiating off the man. In stark contrast, his voice remains a monotonous stream of words.
“Seeing as Detective Inspector Lestrade is in hospital following what transpired in Catalyst Hall – merely a scrape, I am assured,” Mycroft interjects at John’s startled gasp, “and the Major’s residence is the only place that can be expected to be sufficiently stocked with weaponry; it really was no puzzle at all.”
Dismantling Moriarty's network bore less risk to his own survival than going up against the criminal himself for one final confrontation.
“Do you realise how hypocritical it was, criticising everybody’s memes and whatnot, by means of the very medium they are employing as well? Your words could have carried meaning, John –”
The majority obeys. Sherlock slips into his mind palace, sifting through everything he knows about Lukas and the other victims. No connection – the killer must be on a self-righteous crusade for an abstract ideal. Revenge? For what? The only think worthy of reproach that Lukas has ever done in his life is –
Shoulders squared, chin high. Battle stations. “Moriarty helped her escape custody. Moriarty’s alive.”
Boring tests and superfluous information on the damage to his right lung – Sherlock knows what an anterolateral thoracotomy scar looks like, thank you very much – the medical staff vacates the room. Sherlock counts down from five inside his head.
Pieces of the puzzle John has been poring over slot together with a force that makes John’s knees sway.
“Whoever did this had training,” he notes as he observes the exposed chest cavity of Mark Gleeson, 32, foreman at a subcontractor of an automobile manufacturer.
For on the first day of October, large posters appear all over London and cyberspace, showing a very familiar wedding photo.
Sherlock throws his brother a haughty look, then continues to mutter under his breath. Mycroft remains unimpressed.
“John,” Anthea tries in tone clearly meant to be mollifying, “this is an issue of grave importance.”
Gottle o’ geer. John used to hear it in his nightmares – it’s one of the things Moriarty made him say while he was wearing semtex at the pool. Sherlock referencing it… He’s just reading off a script. He’s not defenceless. Miss Aldridge probably forgot about the bullet in the cartridge.
For several bittersweet moments, John indulges in a fantasy in which he is allowed to share Sherlock’s bed. He can see it perfectly: the kid playing with the skull, Sherlock trying to teach the periodic table with matching building blocks, John watching from the exact same chair he is currently sitting on.
He turns from his position on the sofa, fingers still steepled together underneath his chin. John, dressed casually. Tomato stain on his sleeve. Cooking, then.
The sight of Mycroft’s consternation would be hilarious under other circumstances. John hopes he’ll be able to laugh about it in retrospect.
Mycroft pats him on the back when no one is watching. It is such a fleeting gesture but it serves to anchor Q, calm his mind, which is still replaying
He never gets around to preparing the meal, however, not with Dimmock rudely entering the flat without as much as a knock.
No amount of hoping for the best can soothe the sense of foreboding, and the sharp pain in Sherlock’s chest at the sight of Lukas’s mutilated dark skin makes it hard to focus for a moment.
“Oh, don’t apologise,” Sherlock taunts. “Needs must, Inspector, when you have a newly identified serial killer on the loose.”
“You will not utter another word, Doctor Watson, or I will charge you under the Official Secrets Act.”
PS: I'd love to supply the memes etc. I mentioned in this chapter, but I don't art or photoshop very well.
Sherlock stops with his hand on the door knob to aim a smirk at the other man. John’s tone had an impressed tinge. Sherlock clings to it through the onslaught of memories that assaults him the moment he crosses over the threshold.
It’s the lower third of a sign in the upper right corner, however, that transforms Sherlock’s mind into a hurricane.
“Oh Lord…” Mrs Hudson moves into the room, gasping when she sees Sherlock. “Oh my, is he all right?”
“Why would she be involved?” Sherlock scoffs. “Don’t you think I would have noticed if she were under Moriarty’s thumb? It’s not exactly a trivial detail, like the date George went on last night. She’s a great kisser. Or at least he thinks so. Please choose something more riveting for date number two than ‘dinner and a film,” he adds in disgust. “How dull. Take her to the torture museum; she’d enjoy –”
The last request is mostly directed at John, who nods before narrowing his eyes at the older Holmes again. “Well?”
Sherlock watches John pick the handcuff’s lock and free his sister’s wrist, cataloguing the subtle shifts in body language. His initial deduction about their strained relationship is thrown into even starker relief through hesitation in John's touches and the stiffness of his spine as he helps her up.
He snaps around to Magnussen. The man is leaning back against his desk as if he is watching a fascinating programme on the telly.
He wants to go on but if he does, John knows he’ll start shouting and that would alert the staff that he snuck in before morning rounds. He can’t risk getting banned, not when being here is the only thing in his life that still makes sense.
John keeps his head bowed until the burning sensation is gone from his eyes, then straightens his back and squares his shoulders. He meets Sherlock’s eyes and sees the same iron-hard resolve reflected back at him.
“You once again prove to be the slow one. Underneath the capriciousness, Moriarty has shown his hand.”
Was there a clue in the sign language used at the Diogenes? Why would his mind imagine Mycroft increased like that, only to oppose it with the visual of a bare fridge? Why did the post-it read 13th? If the John in his mind palace was a projection of his subconscious, what significance carried the maid he never mentions in his write-ups for the Strand?
“There was a bottle of chardonnay in the cupboard. And one of the Johnny Walker, too. What did you do with them?”
The wet gleam of Mary’s eyes spur Sherlock into action. The faster they resolve this and stop being sitting ducks in the open space, the better.
“Oh, high praise,” John chuckles. “How come we don’t have a code word for that yet? Lying through your teeth to appease some low-life git? We’ve got so many already.”
An exhale. Sherlock can see John perfectly in his mind’s eye, has witnessed this first hand: shoulders squared, back straight.
“No rush, sexy. This is only the beginning. Besides,” Moriarty adds, voice dripping with sarcasm, “I don’t much fancy running into your big brother today, Sherlock. That can wait. You need me, Sherlock. Your fairy tale needs a villain. Every hero needs a nemesis.”
Mycroft steps past him, walks out from behind the kitchen island and crosses the room. He returns with the already open bottle of some red wine Mary bought before the wedding and never was able to finish due to the pregnancy. John hates wine, but Mycroft doesn’t share his aversion.
He reads the talking points. Tries to imagine himself sitting in a chair surrounded by studio lights with a lapel mic underneath his jumper, explaining that yes, his wife turned out to be an assassin and that no, she’s not a threat anymore.
Sherlock once offered to teach him, only to blink owlishly when John revealed he had long since mastered that particular skill.
“Listen,” he says, his tone only one step short of full-on Captain Watson authority. “This is bigger than you getting credit for some arrest that Moriarty’s already planned on anyway. Lives are at stake and right now Sherlock is the only person in this city who can save them, so you’re going to shut up and help us, or I will
“And here I was looking forward to kip on silk bed sheets,” John comments, making Sherlock huff as they make to leave the kitchen in favour of the armoury.
The line of Sherlock’s shoulders tenses, almost as if he is preparing for battle. “It’s me Moriarty’s after.”
John is torn between encouraging his friend’s wish to boast or cutting this entire ordeal short. The image of Sherlock’s unconscious form on a hospital bed is still too fresh in his mind, however, so he tilts his head in silent permission.
“Obvious. There has only been one case of fratricide in the past two years with another sibling as witness who then was admitted to a mental health clinic.”
Only then Sherlock notices how many people there are in his room. Mrs Hudson is tidying up his socks – in the correct order, much to his surprise – while John is taking his blood pressure with his torso angled to Lestrade in the door next to the least incompetent assistant Mycroft has ever hired.
The address Janine gave the cab driver belongs to a lush townhouse in Regent’s Park. Her new catch is obviously from a wealthy family – probably grew up on an estate somewhere in the country and received an Oxbridge education.
Sherlock moves past him. “I outrank them. If Mycroft didn’t tell them to ignore me, they have to follow my orders if they don’t want me to drag them in front of the disciplinary committee. Again. Always fun – maybe I should provoke them.”
Mycroft’s lips have formed a thin line that doesn’t seem inclined to move any time soon while anger is loosening John’s tongue.
He doesn’t have a book with him and while there might be a small collection somewhere in this hospital, it strikes him as a tad impersonal. So John produces his phone, goes to his blog, and starts reading from the beginning.
“Insignificant?” John growls, hands balling into fists at his sides. “That’s an innocent girl who’s now dead because you lot somehow still haven’t managed to put a bullet through that git’s brain.”
“Won’t matter – Magnussen must have received his information on Mary somehow. If he’s in league with Moriarty, as I am fairly certain he is, he’ll be able to disprove any of the tales your pretending-to-be-secret Service is capable of spinning.”
The door to the bathroom is equipped with a lock. Sherlock turns the key as soon as he can be sure that Sholto and John are out of earshot.
Neel ends up a sobbing lump pressed against the wall. Janine takes pity and agrees not to press charges, even demands from Moran to write a letter of recommendation and not broadcast why Jones has to leave his job.
Sholto considers him for another moment, then takes a step forward. John needs to use every ounce of self-control he has to not shirk back.
Molly doesn’t reply. Instead, she reaches into the pocket of her trousers, unearthing a piece of paper.
He is banned from visiting Sherlock for the twenty-four hours that follow because “grieving widowers don’t just walk about London the day after they find out their wife has been killed in an explosion.”
Maybe it’s the booze, but it takes John another moment to ignore how complete bollocks this situation is, and think back on what they were discussing in the first place.
It takes another long, drawn-out moment until the veil that seems to be dulling his senses lifts and his thoughts begin to clear. Q finds himself huddled against James’ side, burrowing closer to the warmth and comfort his body offers up so freely, so naturally.
The sounds of their landlady opening the door drift up the staircase, followed by the clacking of heels. John is looking for the teabags in the midst of the cluttered lab into which Sherlock has turned their kitchen and the noise of the boiling water muffles the brief exchange in the living room.
Sherlock throws the thing into the air with a grin. It turns when it reaches the highest point before falling back into Sherlock’s waiting palm. Indeed, there’s a slip of paper inside the cavity…
of a text alert registers faintly. Sherlock stares at the crime wall. He prefers John’s arrangements as opposed to his own since he arranges the evidence in a way Sherlock would never have conceived of, thus keeping him on his toes. This time, however, it fails to catalyse neither epiphany nor new impulse.
“Contrary to that ghastly moustache, this makes you look younger something I believe that people find of some advantage.”
The muted footsteps that follow in his wake are the most beautiful thing Sherlock has ever heard in his life, for they are the unmistakable sound of John Watson choosing to join him.
The mystery prompts yet another dive into his mind palace, where memories of his experience during the coma have already been dissected too many times to count. Sherlock has not grown bored in the past few weeks since Pinewood Hill.
Something about that phrase grabs John’s attention.  “Who was her last employer?” he demands. “You must have some intel. Whom was she working for, before –” He can’t finish the sentence.
“Aw, poor Johnny-boy,” Moriarty drawls. “Once again helpless while the enemy has a gun to your comrade’s head.” Jim leans in closer. “How’s it feel? You’re imagining bashing my brains in now, aren’t you? But you can’t,” he whispers, his face now centimetres away from John’s cheek.
Janine is worrying her bottom lip between her teeth. “Shouldn’t we call someone? That can’t be good for him.”
John has half a mind to just ignore it, pretend he’s out on a case with his phone muted, to protect himself from yet another codswallop… Though no matter how little they get on, she’s still his sister.
Even with the conclusion that Sholto senior is still alive and being cared for on the premises, Sherlock thinks he is missing something. Before the quiet has a chance to truly envelope them, however, Sholto junior chuckles.
She wouldn’t leave her phone behind, is the thing, not on the floor like this. She mentioned Instagram and Snapchap and Twitter when John collected her from the station, just in passing in the car, but it’s enough to make alarm bells chime in John’s mind.
Both Greg and Molly freeze mid-motion. Sherlock continues to prowl, eventually reaching the fireplace.
“We still maintain my father’s armoury. You’re welcome to restock and rest.” James pauses. “And after that?”
They find Janine inside what used to be the common area, a large space with high windows and a door hidden behind an alcove that leads out onto the terrace. Janine is still tied to that chair, rope chafing her wrists and ankles.
The blade almost slices into his carotid artery, but John’s opponent has a way of telegraphing his movements that allows him to evade the assault. Three quick moves and it’s John who is directing the weapon. It slips past two ribs with satisfying ease just as a familiar prickling at the base of his neck makes John look up.
“As always you are much too hasty in drawing your conclusions.” Sherlock spins on his heels but it’s no use – too many people, too many phones pointed at him, undoubtedly recording his every micro-expression. “ENOUGH!” he bellows. His voice jumps off the walls in the most satisfying manner. “Nobody move, nobody think, nobody breathe!”
He turns away from Neel, whose grin drops, towards Sherlock who is walking towards them, Moran and Janine at his heels. Moran does not look happy, John notes with a bit of satisfaction.
“Magnussen is in possession of information on Mary Watson’s past. He taunted her, which prompted tonight’s events.”
“Very distant, Mr Holmes,” this Moran says. “I cannot thank you enough for taking this case, sir, considering the history between you two.”
He takes a moment to just breathe, in and out, until he feels less like he is coming apart at the seams. A cursory glance around the room reveals nothing of note, not even an empty tin of biscuits, only evidence of how out of it Sherlock was even before Moriarty’s poisoned pudding. Thinking of Cherise still hurts.
“Oohhh, John Watson, I’m so glad I didn’t have you killed yet,” Moriarty jeers once he has caught his breath. “This was fun, seriously. But I think it’s time, isn’t it? The big show down belongs to Sherlock and me. No third-wheeling this time, Johnny… Even the most loyal dog will die…” Jim lifts his manic eyes to meet Sherlock’s as his voice drops low. “Redbeard.”
Mycroft does not thank him verbally, yet his eyes speak the words louder than the man himself ever could. Q takes a deep breath and forces his hands to stop shaking.
“James Moriarty once told his network that my brother was in possession of an incredible weapon – a key that would unlock every door. It was nothing but conjecture, of course, but Moriarty enjoyed watching the chaos he caused.”
John tries not to look too smug about winding him up, but that turns out to be fighting a lost battle.
He has flattened it against his thigh while his right is massaging his temple at the back of the one car leaving Baker Street that was not a decoy. John might think he is holding the hand perfectly still, yet the minute twitches cannot be stifled.
Photographers and journalists surround the flat like vultures circling a cadaver. The last thing John wants is to walk past them but he must, or else he would miss his appointments with Mary in the maximum security facility.
“Why,” is what he says. He’s not even sure if he’s asking why he should let her up or why she shot Sherlock or why she broke into CAM Tower, all thoughts blurring into one another in his mind.
“Focus,” John cuts in. “My sister is missing and I had to spend an hour counteracting the psychedelics in your system. Now you’re going to pull yourself together and help me find her.”
Sherlock slips first into the bathroom to get the traces of sweat off his skin, then into trousers and a black shirt and jacket. When he emerges from his room, every pair of eyes in the living room is immediately on him. John’s face is grim. Something happened.
“Sir.” It’s the butler. “There is a gentleman at the door going by the name of Mycroft Holmes. Do you wish me to let him in?”
She looks well – brown hair falling in shiny waves, designer clothes, a self-satisfied smirk on her lips as she regards Sherlock.
The debrief is lengthy. Four people died – two policemen, two civilians, including the driver of the German sports car. M asks Q to look into the traffic light glitch once the analyst on the case has failed to uncover anything, and he has to bite his tongue in order to stifle the hysterical bout of laughter rising in his chest.
The estate has a period-typical layout, which makes finding the kitchen not a problem. His steps falter when the sound of conversation reaches his ears. The door must be ajar.
He pours it, sniffs it, probably decided that it’ll have to do, then toasts at John and takes a sip. Something vibrates – a phone. Mycroft pulls it from his breast pocket, brow furrowing.
Mycroft averts his gaze. John watches with bated breath as the older Holmes picks up his brother’s tumbler from the table. Its contents suffer a similar fate to his previous two glasses while Sherlock continues in a vicious tone.
It’s a welcome break to John’s actual nightmares, which are filled with drowning on hot sand and Mary making good on her threats to their child if John misses his appointments with her.
Sherlock meets John’s gaze. He sees the determination there, the iron resolve… and he knows exactly what’s coming.
“Oh, I was wondering when you’d speak up,” Sherlock sneers. “Throat closing up with sentiment? I think not, judging by the thread count.”
“Ah, you must be Sherlock Holmes.” Moran’s tone is strange. His eyes travel along the lines of Sherlock’s body. “You’re even more handsome than Janine insinuated,” he practically purrs.
“Ta, mate,” he chuckles. “No, I meant that you figured out the motif so quickly. Used to take longer, is all.”
“Come on, Gavin just arrived to drive us back,” Sherlock informs him – without letting John in on the how, naturally – and slips into his coat.
as reference for the medical details on Sherlock’s wound. John’s Freddie Mercury poster was inspired by totheverybestoftimes’s headcanon, seen
His skin tingles under James’s gaze. John can almost feel the heat of the burning oil fields that made the sky glow and him reckless. Adrenaline spurred him into action that fateful night in Afghanistan – but he knew his actions would be welcomed by his commanding officer; the situation with his straight flatmate is completely different.
The aquarium transforms. Norbury is suddenly Mary, first in a wedding dress, then in all black. Sherlock watches his old self stare at the woman, the mirror behind him, when her gun goes off.
That earns a laugh. “Oh, Captain Watson. No threat or amount of pain could make the Napoleon of Blackmail give up so much as a recipe for biscuits. We will have to offer something of equal value.”
Worry darkens John’s features even further at Sherlock’s admission. They proceed with similar caution, weapons raised and ready to fire, checking around corners and sweeping the path ahead for traps, which is why they notice the active CCTV camera.
The man he sees in the mirror is not someone he remembers from his earlier years. A man who has a sister, a sister he has no recollection of. A man who feels, feels so intensely that he can barely think straight. A man whose mere presence is a threat to the person who causes all these feelings in the first place.
“Pressure point.” Mary smiles, but it doesn’t reach her eyes. It’s like watching a different person. “You’re Magnussen’s source. I knew it was only a matter of time before you used me and my child for your games.”
Sherlock has formulated a reply within a split second, yet his brother’s warning glare makes it clear the question was rhetorical. Sherlock wishes it hadn’t been.
“Splendid idea!” Greg agrees with mock cheer. “Could also trust our word, mind you. But I’ll sign something if I have to.”
And fyi, this verse differs hugely from canon when it comes to the Holmes sister. You’ll be the judge of which version you prefer :)
James nods, slowly pulling his hand back towards him. “I’m going to look for something nice. Stay here for as long as you need.”
, the headline read. John only knows because Janine came for a visit. She never saw him but he heard her faintly through from his position outside the door, calling the still comatose Sherlock a bastard and murmuring something about saving it for marriage.
“I shot my wife,” John says. “But that was… That was different.” He shifts forward, leaning in. His voice drops to a whisper. “But I keep replaying it in my mind… if I’d known… what then? And…” John swallows. There’s a lump in his throat. “I’d do it again. I just wished I’d been there sooner. Three seconds. That would’ve been enough and you wouldn’t… You made a vow, too, you know.”
Catalyst Hall is a mere shadow of itself. Especially underneath the overcast sky the three-storey building lacks any of its former appeal.
His fingernails are digging into the skin of his palm, hard enough to draw blood. He will get on with his life. He has done it before.
He’d take one of Sherlock’s mad experiments over this any day. When he wakes up, he vows, he’ll never complain again. Vows. A lot of vows got broken this week.
“Why does wealth make you so uncomfortable?” Sherlock asks suddenly. “I noticed it before with wealthy clients like Moran. It’s utterly irrational to resent people for being born into a higher social strata than your family. Besides, you have been accumulating funds yourself over the past years.”
Said photograph shows a bus stop advertisement in Greg’s borough, declaring Mary a wanted woman. Dead or alive. John feels like he’s choking.
“Brussels?” John echoes. There was something on the telly earlier. “At that summit? But that ended –”
Something about his tone is off. John narrows his eyes. It must be the alcohol coursing through his blood that motivates the leap his mind makes that moment, for John doubts he would have voiced the thought when sober. It’s beyond ridiculous.
“I have an update on your wife,” Mycroft announces afterwards. “While she will regain full range of motion in her knee, she will never move her thumb again. She also refuses to talk.”
He empties the bottle. Harry would be proud. Or she would have been, that last time he talked to her, unmistakable sounds of partying in the background, her vowels slurring together.
He is under no illusion that Mycroft could have him whisked off if he continues to refuse. Every second that trickles by is keeping John from Sherlock.
Life goes on, the threat of Moriarty a shadow Sherlock can never shake. The grim vicar of death, waiting until Sherlock arrives in Samarra.
Jim has stepped back, letting the sniper completely take over battling John. He is obviously an expert in hand-to-hand combat; the chances of John emerging victorious are slim, yet if Sherlock’s estimate proves correct, they will have backup in three, two, one…
Useful to know for this chapter: In the UK, you don’t have to wait 48 hours to file a missing persons report.
“All right, that’s it,” John grouses, followed by the sound of bare feet marching across the living room.
“Of course…” Sherlock’s eyes have become unfocussed. “Moriarty wants us to save her. Everyone she’s wronged will be after her, chase her until they can execute her for her mistakes.”
Later, with a glass of the Black Label he talked Mrs Hudson into buying for him and against the backdrop of melancholy violin music, John considers his options. Somehow, suddenly, the entire shambles has become very, very real.
The following day, it is Janine’s face that is plastered across the tabloid front pages. John empties the whiskey that night, rubbing his shoulder for long minutes without noticing in the dimly lit hallway of his house.
“Why help her escape only to pull the rug right from under her like that? Why unmask her in front of the entire world, it doesn’t make any sense…”
He never gets to make his move. The red dots vanish just as the large double door of the factory hall splinters off its hatches.
“You know, you could always just read it,” John says, but his dry remark also goes ignored. “Something about three mercenaries. Brothers. Name’s Garrideb – hope that helps. And, well… Mary wants us to have a scan. Find out if it’s a boy or girl.”
Sherlock’s mind lights up with a flurry of ‘what-if’s and ‘if-only’s, all bringing fulfilment to a fantasy that has accompanied Sherlock for quite some time.
. Ribcages cracked open, hearts cut out, All Hallowed Eve only a few days away?” Sherlock catches John’s widening eyes across the living room. “Horror.”
“Contrary to your opinion, John,” Mycroft drawls, “I am not omniscient. I have told you everything I am able to tell you tonight. My brother seems to think you possess at least a handful of capable brain cells. Why don’t you put them to use? Or you can continue the family tradition. Your choice, Doctor Watson.”
The older Holmes comes to a stop at Anthea’s level, far enough away from him. Mycroft can surely tell that John is ready to erupt. The flashlights of the handful of reporters already hovering near the police tape only add to his ire.
Sherlock’s mind recreates the scene. The bus morphs into the darkened room, shades of blue intensifying. Norbury standing there, frozen in time, her gun raised.
Mycroft heaves a sigh. “As a doctor such as yourself should know, human beings require regular sustenance to function. I cannot have you faint in sight of cameras or gossiping nurses, John.”
“This is a Public Service Announcement,” he says in a dull monotone before his grin broadens. “Surprise!”
John smirks. Sherlock is distracted by the sight of it, only realises the other man is pushing him back when he feels strong hands against his chest. He wants to grab them, hold on, but his fingers close around nothing.
It has been far too long since Sherlock heard John give a full-bellied laugh, and it’s definitely worth the blush colouring his cheeks. Even more so when the outward proof of Sherlock’s embarrassment only makes John laugh harder.
“Doctor Watson, if you truly care about my brother as deeply as I suspect you do, you will not mention what just transpired to anyone, ever. You will not investigate any suspicions you might have. You will keep it to yourself until such a moment in time that the truth of the matter becomes evident. Do I have your word?”
They split up to look for evidence. John is still paging through a file that looks promising when Sherlock returns – his gun lowered. John is immediately suspicious.
It is already two o’clock in the morning on a Sunday and Q knows better than to argue. He is not going to find any sleep tonight, yet maybe he should try and compose himself outside the agency. Cuddle Zed, do some recreational coding until he feels more at home in his own skin again.
“Oh, brother dear, I see it now, it all makes perfect sense: your fear of Magnussen, your absence during October, why you sat by and let an assassin infiltrate John’s life –”
The person firing the guns, a young man of Indian descent if John were to make a guess, also has cleaning supplies in his vicinity at the house’s shooting range. The long room stretches along the house’s east wing with a door on the other side leading onto the grounds.
John has a twenty-minute cab ride into the city centre to process the new information, to calm down and stifle the panic rising in his chest. He distracts himself with googling Moran’s company and lands on the tongue-in-cheek page of “Moranic”. They have government contracts, too.
Lestrade and his men pour in from the main hallway. The commotion distracts the sniper long enough for John to strike by slamming the man against a wall and pulling off his ski mask.
The speaker, a bland woman with a tough edge to her, is wearing a suit that costs more than John’s entire wardrobe. She looks incredibly out of place in the cafeteria of St Bart’s, where John has been ordered to go instead of pacing in front of Sherlock’s room for the better part of the next hour.
John startles, is next to the bed a second later, but there is no further reaction from his best friend. When it dawns on him that he’s been an idiot – there is conclusive evidence that talking to coma patients affects them in a positive manner – he almost kicks the bed.
Life might have gone on. John might have begun measuring time in cases solved rather than weeks. But as always, the universe has other plans.
“Fine.” Mycroft meets his eyes almost challengingly. “Before she became your wife, Mary worked as a hit woman for the Waters gang. Her reputation was stellar. She’s an expert at equipment interference but she made a mistake and caused the death of a member of the immediate family. She somehow faked her death to get them off her back and hid in plain sight under a new alias. It seems to me that she wished to leave her old life behind.”
Decision made, John places Janine in recovery position, then removes the Walther PPK from the security guard’s holster and follows his best friend.
“Miss Aldridge was incredibly clever, John,” Sherlock admits. He sounds perfectly sincere. “Made me remove the ammunition clip. I’m defenceless. It’s like Gottle o’ geer all over again.”
“You did well,” Sherlock says once the chap has run off to check the cabinets. “Rather clever deduction.”
“You’re still in too deep, Sherlock. Didn’t you notice the cracks? The inconsistencies? The gaps in memories?”
Inductive though his reasoning may be, Sherlock can’t help but wonder: Is his John afraid, too? Afraid of what Mary will tell him? Of what she will demand in exchange for keeping the baby? Of something else?
“Johnny,” she coughs. Dry throat – no water since her capture, Sherlock surmises. “Knew you’d come for me, you minger.”
Moriarty’s laughter sounds through the shelter before the man himself appears, bespoke suit  and bright smile firmly in place. Sherlock can feel the colour drain from his features.
He tries despite of it. “I just… wondered how things were going and… and if there was anything I could do.”
Sure enough, Sherlock is already opening his mouth, undoubtedly to tell him how flawed his philosophy is, but the sound of footsteps interrupts them.
She pauses with her hand on the doorknob. “We’re going for drinks this Thursday,” she says. “Would you like to join us?”
She doesn’t sound offended, which is good. John’s heart is beating in his throat. Harry’s talkative in this state, and the last thing he needs is his secrets being blabbed within earshot of the fine men and women of NSY.
“She would have needed help. A confidante. To fake her death, I mean. Like Sherlock,” John adds, unnecessarily. Seeing Mycroft grimace at the reminder makes it worth it, though. “Who?”
“Your sister is a brilliant graphic designer, Captain Watson,” Moran says after John shushed Harry’s rant about unskilled waiters who drop champagne flutes in people’s laps and applies bandages from the first-aid kit. “You must be so proud. Is she helping you pay the rent? I own property in Marylebone; I’m aware of the steep prices.”
Welcome to the chapter from hell, with a villain who kept changing his plan, a Mycroft who kept adapting, and a John who kept emoting all over the place… he never says anything out loud, mind you, or we wouldn’t be in this mess.
“I’m not at liberty to say,” Anthea interrupts smoothly, ignoring his curiosity. “Now, John. May I schedule you for the interview?”
Sherlock doesn’t emerge from his room over the next few days. He’s either lying on the bed or standing by the window, unmoving, or playing the violin for hours on end. John makes sure he has a steady supply of tea to keep him somewhat hydrated and leaves sandwiches with him, which grow stale five times out of six.
He read his chart, the second time he woke up. The vascular surgeon patched his GSV up all right, but he still lost a lot of blood. The hospital is going to keep him at least a week, to monitor his recovery. Recovery. John almost snorts.
That night, the sound of Sherlock’s violin comes as a welcome distraction. So much so, in fact, that John doesn’t hear a key unlock the front door downstairs. It’s only Anthea who materialises in 221B, though.
“Do not take me for a fool, Doctor,” Mycroft sneers. “You’re not exactly a social butterfly these days. The number of friends ready to offer you refuge is limited.”
“What,” John growls, turning to Mycroft. “You said you didn’t know. At the hospital – you said you’d have warned me if you had. But you lied, didn’t you?”
Sherlock opens his mouth to speak but stops himself and starts anew, eyes growing clouded. “Moriarty knows; more than what Riley printed. The eviscerated dog, the code word for the sniper…”
With a final pat, he closes the zipper of Sherlock’s suitcase currently residing on the bed and looks up towards the open door, hoping the other man will get a bloody move on.
Their situation is buggered to hell, but John can’t help smirking when he holds out the second gun he pinched on his way out to Sherlock when he catches up with him behind the line of trees.
Groaning, John lets his head fall back against the wall of the lift they are currently riding. Their target: a senior banker who is lining her pockets by means of insider trading. What the woman did to incur Moriarty’s wrath is still beyond him, though.
“Last week, you asked Mike Stamford how his girlfriend Patricia is doing. Even I remember their breakup, and I deleted it twice already.”
“I’m not deflecting,” John argues, but even to his ears it sounded petulant. He sighs, removing one hand from the steering wheel to rub the bridge of his nose. “We kept in touch after the wedding.”
“We have to pull the meeting forward and she needs to be there, but she’s not answering her phone or the landline, John. I’m really worried. I’m on my way into the office so I can’t check on her – would you mind?”
It startles a laugh out of John as he climbs to his feet. “Course you’d deduce your own medical history, you cock. Yes, you fell into a coma five days ago.”
Mycroft remains quiet for a very long time. Eventually he sighs. It sounds like the weight of the world is resting on his shoulders – and maybe it is.
Like Sherlock and cocaine, John’s relationship with alcohol is one of a mere practical nature, thus this turn of events is hardly surprising nor does Sherlock deem it worthy of worry.
John’s right shoulder is already colliding with the door. Mrs Hudson gasps, horrified, but John doesn’t pay her any heed. The material around the lock gives out at the third assault and John crashes into Sherlock’s bedroom.
He can see it clearer once he has reduced the distance to a meter. They slit her throat and gouged out her eyes.
“Hiya, John,” Janine says. She looks torn for a moment – John’s seen it before, clients contemplating whether to issue some platitude about condolences or ignore it completely. Janine opts for the latter.
“Tell her to fire her solicitor. He’s hiding the money he’s embezzling as donations to Amnesty International. The rest can wait. This is far more interesting,” Sherlock declares, and John knows better than to argue.
“Yeah, and what’s that – annoying me?” John chuckles, wiping his clammy palms on his trousers. “Is it revenge for all the texts?”
The unmistakable sound of breaking bone cuts through the room and Sherlock hears Moriarty howl with pain, which then morphs into manic laughter. The need to know why John isn’t occupying Moriarty’s attention anymore outweighs Sherlock's sense of self-preservation, so he spares a glance for the pair only to find they are now three.
The man blinks awake, seemingly disoriented. The confusion vanishes a moment later when Sherlock’s state registers, giving way to surprise and then something Sherlock can only describe as relief.
Awareness returns in increments, via mending cracks and familiar paths and the echo of a touch against his skin.
Zed is lying on the floor, at the level of the television set between the living room area and the kitchen, pale moonlight falling in through the window and illuminating what the hallway light cannot reach. There is blood. Not much, but enough that in theory the loss of such an amount would suffice to kill a small animal.
This time, though, is different. He doesn’t wish for Sherlock to come back to him, he just wants to never see him again.
“I thought we had something!” Neel shouts at Moran, and half a minute later John has to step in to keep the man from adding battery or attempted asphyxiation to the list of charges.
They discover Harriet first, handcuffed to a radiator. Her dirty blonde hair is falling down in limp strands and her grey eyes lack the depth and complexity Sherlock has grown accustomed to from John, yet they are clearly siblings. Years of alcohol abuse have left their mark on her skin, however, and she is showing the first signs of withdrawal.
Mycroft’s lips press together in a thin line. His posture is stiff. John recalls what he knows about the other man, thinks back on the smug demeanour during the aftermath of the shooting, and something clicks.
John huffs, balling his hands into fists. “Listen, you pompous prick. Either you tell me what’s going on, or I’ll introduce that brilliant head of yours to the surface of my kitchen counter.”
“No,” he huffs. “I’m trying a new look. I know it’s hard, but please, spare your mocking for another day.”
John’s pulse stutters when the meaning of Sherlock’s hesitance dawns on him. It’s not a choice, though. It’s never a choice when it comes to Sherlock.
Before John can ask what he means, however, footsteps and the sound of a stretcher announce the arrival of the paramedics.
Janine laughs at John’s joke. “As long as he gets me out of these, he can be as modest as he wants.”
“She’d figure it out, too, wouldn’t she?” They both turn towards Molly, who starts fidgeting under the scrutiny. “If she’s… I mean. She’ll have a plan, for emergencies.”
Miss Aldridge suffers a bullet wound to the leg as well as some bruises from John restraining her. The young man – her assistant – proves rather helpful in locating evidence.
He clearly doesn’t expect them to explode into movement at the slightest nod of Sherlock’s head, but that's exactly what they do: John ducks to evade the sniper and barrels into Moriarty’s lower abdomen, Sherlock pulls Janine towards him by her gun arm, one knee coming up to punch the air out of her lungs.
John holds his breath. He knows that expression, that tone – Sherlock is on the trail of something big. This time, however, there is no rush of happiness, no cocky smirk, no arrogant declaration of how obvious it has all been. This time, the colour drains from Sherlock’s face as his wide eyes snap to his brother.
Slivers of memories flicker past Sherlock’s inner eye; Redbeard barks in the distant corners of his mind.
“Why’s he so obsessed with Sherlock then?” John could answer the question for himself, but projecting one’s feelings onto a criminal genius might not be the best thing to do, he reckons.
John looks like he wants to argue but opts against it. Instead, he produces his phone and sends off a quick text. That John texts instead of calls will annoy Mycroft indefinitely. Sherlock sends John a small smile that the other man returns with a mischievous glint in his eye. It’s almost as though it were all back to normal.
He had already changed her into her third outfit of the day; something far more practical and comfortable. An Armani dress with matching knickers in white with metallic gold heart embroidery; it had a drop waist with petticoats underneath that flounced out delicately and was perfect for a special occasion. And on her feet were small white lace booties.
“Yes, she’s just, it’s new.” Sherlock mumbled. He picked up the spoon again and scooped out some of the gloopy formula, wiping the back of the spoon on the edge of the bowl. He lent forward in his chair and offered her the spoon again. He asked, “For daddy?”
There was something to be said about the presence of Maeve on a stakeout. Sherlock found himself both at ease and alert, perhaps more alert than he usually was. She was the brightest conductor of light.
"And that cardigan Mrs Hudson knitted" John added solemnly. Their landlady had knitted Maeve a light pink cardigan which she had worn only once (because of John's insistence) and thrown up on.
Sherlock released a shaky breath, threatening to laugh once more, and took his daughter back from his brother, he had her body angled away from his, her side pressed against him so that he could see her face. “Yes, is that everything?” He asked her, stormy eyes flicking over her face in an attempt to read the expression.
“Where is my baby boy?” She asked as she reached the top step and stepped into the flat, eyes falling of her son with an expression of pure joy, the kind that often got confused with sadness, as tears began to gather in the corner of her eyes.
Greg watched fondly from the doorway as the consulting detective attempted to wake his daughter, standing in the middle of the living room and bouncing her slightly in a comforting motion.
The doctor nodded and he informed them. “The wound to the back of the head was superficial but we’re monitoring him for signs of a concussion and the stab wound missed everything important. He’s a very lucky man.”
“I feel like an elephant.” Claire mumbled but she was smiling. She enjoyed every part of the pregnancy.
Sherlock scooped her up, holding her against his chest. Her tears dampening his neck and the collar of his shirt. “Daddy’s here, shhh” he hushed, jiggling up and down. “Everything’s going to be fine, I’m here.”
John, much to Sherlock’s annoyance, was thrilled to see the consulting detective eating even if it was interrupted by Maeve’s lunch. It was only a steak and rocket baguette with some crisps and side salad but the consulting detective was prone to eating less than a meal a day, so seeing him eat lunch, with a dinner later during the gala, pleased John immensely. He didn’t say anything when Sherlock nicked a chip from his plate, he just raised an eyebrow.
“Your Papa is a brave man,” he told her, voice barely a whisper. “He went to war to help people and now, he protects us, and he will always protect us.”
Sherlock stopped a few inches short of his father, his clear eyes flicking over his father and daughter. He noticed her dropping eyelids and the steady pattern of her breath, the way her fist was clutching his shirt and she seemed content.
“I can help with your case but I have no-one to look after Maeve, she’ll accompany us.” Greg raised an eyebrow at the consulting detective. Maeve continued to lift her head slightly before dropping it back down and resting on her father’s chest. She opened her mouth against his skin and dribbled. “Charming” Sherlock muttered.
The grey haired man unstrapped her from the chair and scooped her up, choosing the position that Sherlock often favoured, arranging her on his chest so that her breath touched his neck. He watched her in fascination, glancing at an amused looking Mycroft, “she could sleep for England.”
“Don’t be dull, Victor. The footprints are obviously too small to belong to you, you’re an eight, these are a six. I know what you’re thinking, men can have small feet too but the balance of probability suggests that these belong to a woman. What man would be caught dead in a pair of knee-high boots? Isabel Marant boots to be exact, made from camel leather with a 3.3inches, scuffed around the toes and the heels replaced twice. The imprint also suggests that she was crouching, obviously, she wouldn’t want to be caught, so she crouched in the flowerbeds, unfortunately treading on the foliage there, she was there quite some time during a rainy night, how did I know it was night? Well, who in their right mind would crouch in somebodies garden during the day and risk getting caught?  How did I know she was there for some time? The depth of the imprints, her heels started to sink in the mud but only in one place, so she was there for the longest but did move around a bit, the imprints have mostly been washed away by the rain but those one’s remain because she was there while it rained and for at least an hour, perhaps two. It rained for seventy-five minutes last night starting at just after midnight, so these are fresh. Her legs ached but she does spin and Pilates so it didn’t faze her much, not when she had the perfect view of you painting. Shall I go on?” Sherlock levelled Victor with a look and sighed, stroking his daughter’s head properly now. Her legs kicked in excitement.
We carry on from where we left off: Mycroft has just told his parents that he is a father, a father of a newborn baby whose mother died in childbirth. Now he has a bit of explaining to do and one thing is for sure, he's not going to be getting rid of his parents anytime soon.
“Babies grow fast,” Sherlock chipped in. He was sat in the armchair that Mycroft favoured with his sleeping niece swaddled in his arms.
“Come on you, time to get up.” He announced reaching into the Moses basket and lifting his daughter out. He cradled her in his arms as she began to wake up. “Mycroft and Greg will be here soon.” She whined and Sherlock huffed a laugh. “My thoughts exactly.”
“Someone’s grumpy.” John observed as he re-entered the room, wiping the bottle of milk free of any water droplets before offering it to the consulting detective.
“How can there be any doubt?” He said simply as he kept his eyes fixed on the baby so entertained with his chest. “Are we leaving then?”
The consulting detective had been in his mind palace and had been for a while. The clock read 8:23. He turned, the tummy time mat was still on the floor as was Maeve’s bouncy chair that was facing Johns, there was a book on the arm of his chair, open, Alice in Wonderland. Another bottle. But no John or Maeve.
“You’ve been doing well recently,” John told him. Sherlock stiffened slightly and John moved his head to his partner’s shoulder, wedging himself behind the consulting detective who welcomed the movement by angling his body away from the wall and relaxing into John’s solid for. He added for clarification, “sleeping.”
The blonde rolled his eyes. “I get to raise two children instead of one, doesn’t make much difference.”
“I have two hands already, four would be too many.” Mycroft continued with the light-heartedness. “You should sleep, you can help when you wake up.”
Greg was lain on a blanket spread across the grass. His shirt was scrunched up beneath his head and his chest was already looking red beneath the salt and pepper strands of hair that covered the top of his chest. He sighed and lolled his head to the side to look at John, who was lain on his side dressed in a pair of swimming trunks and a white vest, head propped up in his hand. Maeve was using him for support, back against the blonde’s tummy. She wore only a nappy with a pair of swimming light blue swimming pants with small pink flowers on. Her pale skin was covered with the sheen of sun cream and her hair, starting to curl was pushed over her forehead that was almost invisible beneath the white floral sunhat tied onto her head. In her lap was the soft bee toy Mycroft had brought for her soon after her arrival to Baker Street.
Maeve continued to cry. People were starting to look now, whispering to one another and casting judgemental looks. Not that Sherlock cared.
“Are you sure this is a good idea?” Lestrade asked as he cupped both of his hands around the tea that Sherlock had insisted he has in place of coffee. It was hot and sugary and that was all that mattered.
“He left this morning” Mrs Hudson sniffled, deeply affected by the disappearance of Sherlock and baby Maeve.
Sherlock’s hair was longer, dark and curling around his pale face. He looked thinner, if that were possible, like a gust of wind would knock him over. He was wearing the coat Mycroft had given him after leaving rehab the last time, scarf loose around his neck and wearing a crisp suit. His eyes were hard and face indifferent, Siger could recognise some discomfort in his expression.
Sherlock gave them one last look before heading towards the crime scene. John trotted to keep up with him. “Are you sure this is a good idea?”
Mycroft rolled his eyes and focused his attention on John’s parents. He flashed a small fake smile. “Mycroft Holmes.”
Maeve did not sleep through the night. Sherlock sat up with her in the early hours of the morning, cradling her in his long arms with a blanket while watching the dark gardens from the window. He had moved from the bed, not wanting to disturb John, and positioned himself on the window seat, lent against the wall with his legs bent in front of him.
The blonde twisted on the spot and it was as if the world slowed down, Sherlock saw her hair fan out around her shoulders and the slow step of her boot on the floor with a resounding thump. The knife glittered in the moonlight that filtered through kitchen window, blood dripping from the blade and her knuckles white from her tight grip on the handle. Sherlock acted completely out of instinct, pushing himself up and lunging towards the girl. His body collided with hers, catching Louise unaware and sending them both tumbling into the wall.
Sherlock silently reached for Maeve, removing her hand from John's so that he could move the stethoscope away and the detective could re-button her baby grow. She squirmed but let him with little trouble.
“In the evenings mostly, after work, sometimes I’d come home and she’d be on my doorstep. Other times she’d come over in the middle of the night.”
“I’ve got a youngen’ at home” he gave in answer to the silent question as Sherlock attached Maeve’s carseat to the buggy and hooked one bag over the handle and the other over his shoulder. He nodded to the cabbie and manoeuvred himself up the stairs, lifting the buggy more than pushing it to the front door.
He continued as he rubbed the shampoo into her hair softly in small circles. “I know that you love him, you love to spend time with him, he’s one of your favourite people, he takes care of you, and he will
The hospital was full to the brim of sick and injured people, lined along the hallway and on the cheap plastic chairs provided, all waiting to see medical professionals. Mycroft strode through the automatic glass doors, his eyes flicking over the seemingly endless occupants of the reception area, ignoring the deductions that came along with each person.
“What?” John asked with a look of disgust as he re-entered the room with a bottle in his hand and muslin hooked over his arm.
“My arms ache.” Sherlock admitted. He lifted the sleeping baby away from his chest and handed her to John, who took her and placed her in the same position. She stirred but did not wake.
“You’ll make yourself sick and then you won’t be happy.” He tried to reason. It always worked when Sherlock did that, or it usually did, it didn’t stop her from being awake all night crying, though. “Please, please stop crying.”
Sherlock cleared his throat and stepped around into the longue. “I got some supplies to help with the teething. Was she…how has she been??”
“No, I suppose I shouldn’t joke about that around you. You’re probably a duke or something.” John turned onto his side so that he could watch his partner and daughter. He fought back a yawn.
“I heard the door and she was just there, I almost didn’t notice her, me, I almost didn’t notice her. I called John and we took her to the hospital, she was deemed ok by doctors and had a paternity test.” Sherlock rambled. “She is unequivocally mine, there is the obvious resemblance between us and well, there was a note, her mother left a note, it explained that she was mine and she was unfit to be a mother, not that that was in question considering her actions…” He trailed off at the sight of three pairs of eyes watching him with a mixture of sadness and horror.
“I, well, I thought that was what you wanted.” Sherlock told him, still focusing on the gardens outside. “Me to be more normal.”
“Huh?” John asked, creeping one eye open as Maeve descended on him, mouth wide as she bit at his nose. It caused no pain because of the lack of teeth but came with rather a lot of dribble. John scrunched up his face, a baby chewing on your nose was not the best feeling he had ever experienced.
John managed a small smile, “they get on with it, there’s no way to console a child of that age. Just show her that you’re there and cuddle her, watch her for any symptoms.”
Sherlock kissed his landlady on the cheek and ducked into the gap between her and the car door, he slid into the seat behind the passenger seat, beside Maeve. She was still awake in her carseat and squirming in displeasure. He placed the changing bag on the vacant seat beside his daughter and folded his suit jacket over the back of his own seat. John placed the remaining bag in the boot, said farewell to Mrs Hudson and climbed into the driver seat. He took time with his seat belt and twisted to get a good look at Sherlock and Maeve.
“Maeve’s room, it’s the coolest in the house.” Sherlock answered, stepping away from his brother and sitting on the coffee table, dropping his head into his hands. He scrubbed his hands over his face and ran them through his hair, pushing the curls out of his face, they sprang up at awkward angels.
“There is a twenty-four hour protocol on missing persons unless a child is involved.” Sherlock finished for him with a faked smile as they both ducked up the tape.
Sherlock nodded his head and caressed the side of his daughter’s face in a silent goodbye before ducking out of the flat. Mycroft, left alone with his niece, smiled and gestured towards the array of toys littering the sofa, “what shall we play with today?”
Siger recreated the movements that Sherlock had been doing, rocking the infant slowly from side to side and placed his lips on her scalp. The thin strands tickled his chin and lips but he didn’t move them. Instead he just breathed her in and talked to her, tone a gentle whisper. “You are such a good girl for your daddy, always such a good girl.”
“But you did it anyway.” Sherlock replied with nonchalance but there was hurt in his sea green eyes.
Sherlock stepped around the chair his brother was sitting on and settled his daughter with a stern look which resulted in a wide, open mouth smile. Her gums shone with salvia and small pieces of the crushed carrot.
She shook her head, quick but solemn. “There’s maintenance work further along the streets, the cameras are not in service and it’s impossible to locate him.”
“I knew you’d follow me.” Sherlock told him. He didn’t look up. His attention was completely focused on his daughter’s hands which were resting in his own, holding onto two of his fingers to keep herself steady in his lap like she was scared to let go.
Sherlock let out a long exhale of boredom. The consulting detective was reclined on the sofa, still dressed in his dark blue shirt and suit pants, with his deep red wine coloured dressing gown untied.
“Don’t pretend you don’t know what I’m talking about. Greg sent you an invitation months ago.” Sherlock pursed his lips and rubbed circles into his daughters back. “He’s mentioned it at almost every crime scene for the past two months.”
Maeve was absorbed in her bee toy, running her small fingers over the soft yellow and black fabric, her eyes flicking from the bee to her uncle as she babbled loudly. Mycroft hummed in acknowledgement and continued to bounce the chair with his sock covered foot as he read through the file on the desk. He looked up for a moment and then down at her, his mouth pulling into a thin smile, and went back to work. Anthea peaked up from her laptop, brown eyes flicking from her boss to the baby in her bouncy chair.
“I will be injecting two vaccines in one thigh and two in the other, I will clean and cover the wounds between.” She informed him, “this will be very distressing for her and most parents want to interfere but we find it better to get this done as quickly as possible so that you can be on your way.”
Sherlock snorted and lifted Maeve up, John took her from him with a wide grin, and he greeted her. “Hello sweetheart, have you been good for your daddy? Has daddy been good for you?” He then turned to the detective. “Why am I providing stability?”
“You didn’t.” Sherlock scoffed, looking over his shoulder at his brother. “She’s overstimulated and tired, there’s no way to calm her at this precise moment. She’s prickly and I’m…”
“How?” John managed, still surprised by the consulting detective. “How on earth could you know that?”
“Yeah, just peachy.” He struggled to keep a grip on her while her eyes wandered over all the new things, the buildings, the people, everything. He shifted her down slightly and gave him her hand, something for her to focus on, and she did just that, grasping two of his fingers in her fists and examining his hand as though it was the most interesting thing.
“Have you been out with your daddy?” He asked her before looking at Sherlock. “How was the music class?”
“I’m guessing, she looks like him” she gestured towards Maeve, whose eyes struggled to follow the fast moving limb.
Sherlock have a curt nod and stepped into the living room. He strode purposely over to the Moses basket between the armchairs and placed Maeve in it, checking that she was comfortable and rose to his feet. John watched with interest as his face shifted, contorting with different emotions.
Siger and Mycroft were sat at the table. The elder man looked up from his breakfast with a small smile and Mycroft glanced up from his newspaper with a slight frown, brow creasing and lips pulling together into a tight, forced smile, for the sake of his mother. He opened his mouth to voice his disapproval but stopped at the sound of the door hitting the wall loudly upstairs and his brother rushing down the stairs. Mycroft shared a look with his father that could mean only one thing, trouble.
John was always amazed by how Sherlock could practically read his mind, he corrected "I'm proud of the way you've adapted her into your lifestyle, you haven't changed because of her only extended the love you have to her."
“You’ve just named your daughter.” The consulting detective smiled and stepped closer to his brother, he crouched down and handed him the sleeping baby. Evelyn stirred but didn’t wake. She settled into her father’s arms with a content sigh, small hand curling into a fist beside her face.
Greg and Sally loitered purposefully outside the private hospital room, they both looked up as Sherlock, John and Maeve approached with tight encouraging smiles.
He crossed to the chair that was rightfully his and sat down, his posture straight as his niece snored against his neck, her breath warm and moist.
“There’s no shame in it.” Mycroft smiled smugly as he dug the tip of his umbrella into the floor and watched as though it were the most interesting thing he’d ever seen.
“It’s fine John. Your mother is attempting to understand me which is part of the process of meeting ones parents.” Sherlock gave his partner a reassuring smile and turned his attention to Silvia. “Love is dangerous disadvantage to me and to my work, love is weakness and people prefer to act on weakness rather than strength. My love for my daughter makes her an easy target to any enemies I acquire while working, as does my love for my family and John.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes and continued to type on his phone, there were pressing matters of state to attend to. Sherlock has Maeve cradled in one long arm and was using the other to feed her, they were sat in the hallway once more on the rather uncomfortable chairs waiting for some sort of verdict.
“You could cook this whole time!” John continued, “And we’ve been living on take away for the past year.”
“She helps me to focus.” Sherlock sniffed, pointedly looking away from the people at the table as he picked up his tea and took a sip before putting the cup back on the saucer.
Sherlock climbed out of the car with his usual grace, taking a moment to observe the scene before him: a house and the street were cordoned off with police tape and manned with uniformed officers. There were police cars on each side of the scene and a group of people waiting outside the house, John was stood with Greg and Sally. Anderson was stood just outside the door of the house, obviously waiting his arrival and ok, to return back into the crime scene.
Sherlock nodded. He wanted, no, needed to know everything about John – the things he could deduce and things only John could tell him – just like he needed to know everything about Maeve.
Mycroft smiled at her and nodded. “And what, pray tell, are your plans for the rest of the day, brother mine?”
“Come on darling,” Mycroft said, his voice merely lowered in volume, he kissed the top of her head and moved back to his previous chair. “Let’s have some breakfast.”
“Let’s move on then,” Kelly announced, allowing Sherlock to take Maeve and prepare a bottle for her.
Sherlock took some time placing the sleeping infant in her basket, positioning her on her back and making sure that she was completely settled before sitting down, stormy eyes fixed on the even breaths of his daughter. Greg took the seat opposite him, placing his own warmed bowl of soup on the table and a plate with lightly toasted homemade bread.
Sherlock glared at him, “you should have seen his face, and he looked so pleased with himself, proud even.”
Silvia and Harold exchanged a glance. “You got that all from looking at the painting and the frame.”
“Sherlock, can you just pretend for a moment that not everybody is as smart as you and clue me in, for once? You know, instead of doing” he gestured wildly at the consulting detective, “this.”
Mycroft stepped out and onto the pavement in one fluid movement. His grey eyes scanning over everyone on the pavement with a harsh ferocity and settling on his brother, he stopped in front of him. “What do we know?”
“Your coffee, sir.” The barista announced her return. She placed the mug on the table and took a step back with a smile. “Can I get you anything else?”
“Hello,” John smiled. He loved these moments. The ones where Sherlock was caught off guard and confused, his eyes softened and his face didn’t catch up with his mind for a brief moment, he looked like a child with his hand in the biscuit tin, caught out by a parent.
“We’ll go down and get some lunch.” John shot Sherlock a look that said he was not to be argued with.
John nodded and Sherlock carried on looking around the room, not giving any indication that he’d heard the other man. Instead, he used his free hand, the one not currently stroking his daughter’s scalp, and moved one of the canvases at the front of the pile. He crouched down, weary of the infant attached to his front. Behind the painting, he’d moved was an unfinished portrait of a girl, well, young woman. He titled his head to get a better look at it, the girl in question was pretty, pale with freckles and straight brown hair that was only painted on one side and without great detail. The eyes were brown also and glimmered with an unspoken longing.
Also, i have some cover art that I did for this fic when i started writing it and was wondering if you guys were interested in seeing it? It' s rather badly edited and completely up to you, if so i will add it to the first chapter, just let me know.
“She’s good. Sherlock’s mother, Violet, had her on Wednesday and well, she didn’t stick to Sherlock’s routine. Little terror refused to go to bed.”
Greg gestured for them to follow and took them past Mycroft into the church and around the side, avoiding the crowds gathering in the pews and through a large wooden door into a side room. Sherlock immediately placed the carseat on the table and removed the blanket, his eyes flicked over the sleeping baby then back to the door as John carried in the dress (in a proper bag) and the changing bag.
Maeve yawned against the underside of his jaw, dribble smearing across his skin as rosy lips dragged across his stubbly cheek and she settled back to sleep against him. He had yet to shave today. It was a ‘lazy’ day or more specifically, a dull day, nothing to keep him and Maeve entertained and no cases to work. Not that Lestrade would call him for anything under a seven or even understood the rating system of cases, not with the newspapers so interested in him and his daughter.
In terms of how the rest of this fic is going to go, after the Christmas lead up and chapters, I'm going to fast forward a little bit because Maeve is almost six months old and I have less than half a fic till I finish. But fear not, I'll cover all the important moments and then, there will be a follow on.
Maeve, on the other hand, was not ready for sleep in the slightest. She was too occupied with the toys surrounding her and the mission of turning onto her front which she was beginning to master. Sherlock sat back and scanned the online Telegraph while keeping a weathered eye on her. Soon, all his attention would need to be on her at all times once she was moving. The thought was both thrilling and terrifying. She was already growing up so fast. He cleared his throat and glanced at Maeve as she contorted her body so that she was on her front instead of her back. The cat looked up but sensing there was no danger, she closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep.
Maeve released an irritated growl and reached towards the table. Her tiny hand landed on the scone and fingers sunk into the cream with a wet squelch. She pulled back, looking far too pleased with herself and attempted to shove her fist into her waiting mouth. Sherlock caught it with his free hand. Violet chuckled.
“Thank you.” John stood and he took the phone from his partner’s extended hand. “You came all this way to give me my phone.”
Sherlock strode off in the direction of the grotto and Siger couldn’t help but smile, some things would never change.
“Quite,” Mycroft inhaled deeply and ran his thumb and forefinger over his hot brow. “But work calls.”
There was a baby wrapped in a bundle of blankets on his doorway. Sherlock blinked in disbelief, this had to be some kind of illusion, a joke of some sort. The baby was still there. Looking up at him with wide blue eyes and pouty lips, cheeks rosy from the cold evening air.
The nurse left the room with a smirk on her face. Sherlock was sat on the chair Mycroft had once occupied, his brother was now sat on the examination bed, back against the wall and legs dangling off the end. Evelyn was perched on one of his long arms with a blanket around her.
“Well, how do you intend to spend the next forty-five minutes and twenty-three seconds of your time?”
“What I meant to say, is that, you do count. You do.” Sherlock tried again. “I knew I’d never be alone and you do not count in that regard because I know that you will not leave.”
Sally approached with a bag full of gifts all wrapped in a white paper with small cartoon reindeers on them.
Sally had to admit that she was cute, Greg had been gushing about her all morning after spending the day with her yesterday and yes, she knew Maeve was cute but now holding her in her arms, she was struck with how beautiful a baby she was. It shouldn’t have surprised her. Sherlock was very attractive, she would go as far as to call him beautiful with his pale skin and dark hair, plump rosy lips and those eyes. They were amazing, intense and full of colour: blue, green, brown, gold. Maeve’s eyes were blue, they hadn’t settled yet but Sally wondered if she’d have his eyes. She was the image of him so far. Though not as slim, her face plump like all babies should be with rounded cheeks though she doubted that the infant would have them long. She’d look exactly like the consulting detective soon enough, her hair was the same shade, almost black and the longer strands beginning to curl like his.
“Come on, no need to cry.” John shifted her to sit on his knee so that she was facing him. Maeve continued to cry. He jiggled her up and down slightly.
“Maeve only managed a few hours of sleep with your parents but Mycroft managed to get her down, I had her awake for an hour before we went to bed and she was good as gold.” John rephrased, peeking from behind his hands at the consulting detective. Maeve was holding his hand and exploring it with her own, running her fingers over his much larger digits.
“I’ll have the same.” John smiled politely, trying to make up for his partners complete lack of manners.
“Our victim’s parents.” Sherlock answered, still holding the toy up for Maeve to enjoy. She was lulling despite the stimulation that Sherlock was providing, eyes struggling to stay open as she reached up drowsily for the bee.
“Pull over,” Sherlock instructed the driver. He did just that, he pulled into a service station that they were about to pass. Sherlock unstrapped her and picked her up, ensure that she did no choke on her own vomit. John put a muslin over his shoulder a moment before he put Maeve against his torso and she continued to be sick over his shoulder on the muslin.
She was swaddled in a pink blanket, wearing a white hat on her head and a white baby grow. Her skin was a charming shade of pink, vivid against the white of her clothes, and on one of her small round cheeks was a dimple. Her eyes were closed and her lashes, fair twitched against her cheek.  Her skin was still covered in vernix, a thin white coating from the birth, that was flaking slightly and would be washed off in a few hours. Her eyebrows were a similar colour to his own.
Sherlock frowned, as if he needed reminding that this woman was his mother, he’d grown up with her. He spun in his chair to face John and bent over slightly to look directly into his blue eyes, “I know she’s my mother. Why do you insist on reminding me?”
“My father and I have never seen eye to eye, I’ve always been a disappointment to him and in that regard, and he has been the same to me. Before Maeve came into our lives, I saw him two years previous, and before that, four years.”
And, as a treat, I post small snippets from my fics on social media sites before I update them. If you are interested then get in contact and I can give you my username for whichever site you want.
“I’ll inform the driver,” she said with a smile as she edged closer to the pram. Inside Maeve blinked up at her sleepily and yawned, it took over her entire body and she stretched out her limbs beneath the blanket.
John frowned, surprised by the manners but said nothing about it. Instead, he nodded and crossed the room to the windows, where the phone sat on a small table.
Maeve slept for an hour. A beautiful undisturbed hour and woke up with a red face, drool running down her chin and tears in her eyes. Sherlock picked her up just as she started crying and placed her against his chest, rocking his body side to side. “Shhhh.” He hushed as he walked into the living room.
“I still think you should have got the butterfly,” Sherlock smirked. He was holding Maeve close to his chest, she was now wearing some leggings with her outfit and a light grey coat with ears on the hood. On her head was a grey hat to match her coat, Sherlock frowned and pulled the hat further down her head so that it covered her ears once more.
“You are enjoying this too much.” He observed, looking at his daughter with fake annoyance. The sound of the front door opening caught his attention. He sighed, that would be Mycroft and his parents. He ignore the thought for a moment and focused again on his baby. “They’re going to shout at Daddy, but they’ll love you. Everybody loves you.”
Sherlock’s head shot up at this, his eyes cold. The thought of his parents raising her made his stomach churn, they’d done such a great job with him and Mycroft, it would just be their second chance. He hissed. “They can’t have her.”
“Sherlock.” His mother looked up at him, tearing up. He looked startled. “She is perfect, absolutely perfect.”
John woke to the birds singing, sunlight flitting through the gap in the curtains and landing directly on his face. He opened his eyes. It was still early. There were the tell-tale snores from Maeve’s Moses basket and she hadn’t woken him during the night so Sherlock had been back at some point. The consulting detective was behind him, body hot against his back and arms encircling his chest.
John stepped into the lounge five days later and was faced with Maeve, awake and kicking sat in a chair that was a beanbag with a strap to secure her to it. She was dressed in only a bodysuit with no sleeves or legs, red coloured skin on display as she stretched and jerked her limbs.
It was fascinating how much Maeve had grown in the space of four months. One Hundred and Thirty days to be exact. She was bigger, a few sizes, her skin less red and pale, like his own. Her hair, once thin, was thicker and curling at the end, the longest strands reaching a centimetre and a half down her forehead, or would if the strands weren’t curly. Her cheeks were round and rosy, and her eyes still a vivid blue, not yet settled into their natural colour, though he had no doubt they would match his own, it was obvious.
The army doctor hissed down the phone, obviously still at the restaurant with her then. Trying to seem calm but angry.
The pool was serene. The only occupants a handful of women with their babies close to their bodies, a few with infants in orange swim seats and a couple with their young child. Samantha was knelt in the water close to two other mothers, chatting quietly as they tried to keep their children subverted in the water.
Sherlock moved with the swagger of a man trying to keep his daughter asleep. The other people in the airport paid him no mind as he walked, dipping slightly on every second step, and rocking his torso from side to side. Maeve was sleeping but the twitching of her lip suggested that she would wake soon, far before she was ready to and that, would not be good. She’s be grumpy and refuse to sleep. And the already tortuous airport experience would be unbearable.
Violet looked appalled, “All the more reason to have her christened, this isn’t about you or your views, it’s about hers, to give her a sense of belonging and faith.”
I want to ask you a question and want your honest opinions. I love this fic and plan to continue it until we reach Maeve's first birthday, then move onto a follow-on fic, but do you think this is a good idea? Like, is it any good or is the quality just getting worse? I need to know honest opinions because I feel like this fic is just getting worse and worse, and I don't want that, and if that's what people think, I'll just edit it or something.
Siger closed his eyes and focused on his breathing. When he had calmed somewhat he asked, “How did you get her back?”
“It took him long enough to find you he’s not going to wait to find somebody better because there is nobody better for him than you, you are his…you’re going to make me say it, aren’t you?” Sherlock swallowed hard, “soulmate.”
Sherlock waited and they walked towards the service station together. The taller man slowing his pace but keeping his strides the same length so that John didn’t struggle to keep up. They ducked inside and immediately baselined to the closest family changing room.
“Come on Sherlock.” Silvia commanded softly. She place her arm on his arm and gently led him towards the house. He let her.
“How are you feeling?” John asked shifting effortlessly into doctor mode as he crossed the room to retrieve some underwear from the dresser.
John chuckled. Yes he really had. He followed Sarah into the reception area where Sherlock was stood against the wall looking rather bored, Maeve was attached to his front in a purple sling and the buggy set up with the carseat in front of him. “Finally.” The detective muttered under his breath, faking a smile in the direction of the two receptionists that were fawning over him and the baby.
Violet called after him desperate for information. She was met only with silence and the slamming of the front door. Sherlock was not coming back. They needed to speak to Mycroft, he’d be more helpful than his younger brother. He’d know what to do.
Howard stopped unsure, he opened his mouth to respond but was interrupted by the sound of crying through the monitor. Sherlock released a breath and shut his eyes, fantasies of getting out of this without Maeve being discovered completely shattered.
The room was once a conservatory but now it was being used as an art studio. There were canvases against every available surface and in the centre of the room, an easel with a blank canvas beside a paint palette. Sherlock stepped carefully around the easels and equipment.
Sherlock leapt to his feet with inhuman speed. “I know Mycroft will bring her back and won’t let any harm come to her, he is very protective of family. There is nothing he wouldn’t do to protect her. I just…it’s hard.”
The buzzing of his mobile phone woke him up. The offensive hissing of the mobile jumping up and down on the wooden dresser too loud in the silent flat, Sherlock growled and reached out blindly for the source before it woke Maeve up. He pressed ‘call’ and brought the mobile to his ear without bothering to open his eyes, his voice rough with sleep, “Sherlock Holmes.”
Maeve considered it and after a few moments opened her mouth a little. Sherlock pressed the spoon against her lips, softly, she opened them a tad wider and he pushed the spoon further into her mouth. He paused, letting her come closer to him, leaning her head forward. Her lips closed around the spoon and she frowned.
Sherlock swung his legs round into a sitting position and rose to his feet. The brothers stared at each other for a moment before Sherlock removed the limpet from his chest and handed her to his elder brother, hesitantly. Mycroft took her in his strong hands and twisted her small body to face him. She kicked in excitement and allowed the auburn haired man to place her firmly against his chest. He held her with one large hand and looked to up to his brother. Sherlock was torn between contentment that she was happy and Mycroft holding her, and the aching loss that she was not in his arms.
“Yes, she’s adorable, we are well aware.” Sherlock yawned as he entered the room, his eyes flicking over Anthea and Mycroft in a matter of seconds before landing on the back of the bouncy chair. He wore a pair of thin pyjamas, the top inside out and his hair was damp with sweat and sticking to his forehead.
“You’ll bring him back for us,” she pleaded, eyes still full of tears, “you understand, you’re a father yourself, you must understand.”
Maeve still had her eyes closed but her face was scrunching up and she was now wiggling beneath her blankets. He reached in and pulled the covers from her, bunching them at her feet and pulling off her mittens. She wouldn’t need them inside. He then dragged his finger over her small red face in small soft movements. She pursed her lips. “Time to wake up.” He encouraged her in a low soft tone.
“Your father just needs some time to calm down.” Mycroft told his niece as they strolled through the garden, or rather, he strolled with her against held in his arms, sitting up with her back against his chest and his hand on her stomach, keeping her both in an upright position and close to his body. She looked out at the gardens, blue eyes flicking over the boards of flowers and bushes, the green grass and cloudless blue sky.
“We’re going to pay the ransom?” Greg asked. It was the logical action but he’s assumed Mycroft would have something up his sleeves. Sherlock was silent.
The sound of voices echoed down the hallway and John looked up to see none other than Mycroft Holmes stood at the end with two other men dressed in suits and Anthea. The elder Holmes brother looked up and noticed John and Maeve. His eyes softened slightly, in a way that only someone that knew him well would recognise and he cleared his throat, “excuse me for a moment gentlemen.”
“Fine.” He muttered, gesturing to the house with police at the door and tape cordoning off the area. Sherlock shot him a rather large fake smile and with one last look to his daughter strode off, John following him with a small grin.
“Twenty.” Sherlock corrected. John raised an eyebrow. He rolled his eyes and added. “In this economy she will be living with us until she is in her twenties with a stable job, especially with the London housing market.”
Sherlock was startled awake by a cry. Maeve was awake and crying into his neck, tears wetting the skin there. His arm was resting on her back, a protective grip on her. She needed changing and was probably getting hungry again, he blinked himself awake while securing his grip on her and pushing himself from the backboard into a sitting position.
When Mycroft arrived at the flat, Sherlock was in the process of setting up his experiment – the taste test. His notepad was at the ready, though he didn’t really need it, and the bowls were closer to him but not close enough for Maeve to reach. She was watching him with wide curious eyes. He had the first bowl beside him with a spoon in it, ready to go. It was a potato puree. Mycroft paused in the threshold, his face a neutral mask as his eyes roamed over his brother and niece in seconds, drinking in all the information they offered and making deductions in his mind. Any average person would not see through that look but Sherlock did, as he was often on the other end of it, doing the deducing himself. Mycroft’s lips pulled into a thin grim smile, the one somebody may make upon entering a dirty house and being offered to sit down. This smile, in Mycroft’s case, meant that he was pleased to be there.
“Shall we go in?” John changed the subject, “you can tell me about it later and, maybe, I could tell you about Afghanistan.”
“Shut up and go home you smart man.” John shook his head and bent down to pay Maeve some attention, running his hand over her head and placing a kiss in its wake. She didn’t react to the kiss of attention, instead focused on leaning completely on Sherlock’s chest in an attempt to sleep.
“The doctor’s arrived. He’s going to come with us and check her over.” He informed the brothers and Anthea.
“And how is my niece this afternoon?” He asked, focusing on the baby that was just waking up in her Moses Basket. It had been moved to the centre of the living room and she squirmed beneath the blankets and released a high pitched whine.
The tea had gone cold. John fingered the edge of his saucer and remained quiet, too lost in his own thoughts to make polite conversation. Mycroft strode into the kitchen, there were wet patches on his shirt which was rolled to his sleeves and he had lost his suit jacket. Andrews looked up and busied himself with making tea.
Mycroft gave a small nod in understanding, it was not a sentiment that his brother was common to expressing and when it was, it was best accepted and never mentioned again.
“Can I get you anything?” A barista with a bleach blonde pixie cut asked as he shook off his coat and took his seat, putting his blue scarf into his pocket.
John and Greg found an empty table at the back of the café and sat down opposite one another. John immediately lifted his tea to his lips and blew on it before taking a sip. Greg stirred his sugar and sighed.
Maeve frowned. Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed, he picked up some bubbles and placed them on her small round tummy. She looked down at the bubbles and grabbed at them with her small hands, the bubbles squishing between her fingers and popping, she watched in wonder.
“Shut up John.” Sherlock demanded and sat back in his chair, keeping his arm firmly around the carseat and eyes on Maeve, she looked up at him with sleepy eyes.
Greg sighed to himself, resting his hands on the handle of the pram and peering in. Maeve was fast asleep, breath coming out in short even puffs, one mitten covered hand by her face and the other underneath her blanket. She was wrapped up, warm and content. Her face still slightly red and scarce black hair covered by her small hat. “You’re just completely loveable aren’t you?” He asked himself more than her.
Sherlock nodded as they began walking, he with Maeve cradled tightly against him and John pushing the empty buggy. He began a detailed explanation. “Two mutilated corpses…”
“Start with Robert, he is our top priority. I want to see his last movements, where the party was and when he left, the surrounding streets. Then, the others, I want to see him and I want to see the vehicle.”
Sherlock parked the pram next to the floor length mirror and placed his hands on his hips. He sniffed, “I almost regret pushing the two of you back together.”
Sherlock sat up and reached inside the bag. He pulled out a small pink jewellery bag and untied it, inside there was a small necklace and bracelet made of small amber stones. “Baltic amber.”
“The sound of a train or underground, a particular club…” he trailed off with a wave of his hand. “There could be very telling details in the background sound that I may hear in the call.”
Sherlock took a deep breath and turned back to face the room. He’s left the door ajar. And the door that led to the en suite bathroom was closed. He took two long steps and unstrapped Maeve. He picked her up with great care and brought her close to his body. With one hand he placed the car seat on the floor and then moved to the right side of the bed, the side closest to the open windows.
“Isn’t that what normal people do?” the auburn haired man asked, disgusted and picked a piece of lint off of the arm of his suit jacket.
“I take it this is Emily.” It was not a question. It was the first time he’d spoken since coming into the house and the deep grumble pleased Maeve very much. She giggled against his chest, looking up to face him as she did so, seeking his approval. The older man craned his neck to watch her and smiled, his hand rubbing over the back of her head in a slow smooth movement. His eyes flicked back to the canvas and he carefully placed the other painting back in front of it.
“And you’ll be the one she comes to when she needs help or just to talk. The Uncle that she loves but can be scary, you’ll tell all the teachers off because you wouldn’t lose it like Sherlock.”
He continued to bounce her softly up and down, she was no longer screaming but her crying had intensified.
Sherlock pretended to consider it for a moment before stepping onto the white sheet to join his family, he didn’t bother faking a smile. He shifted Maeve slightly, so that she was facing the camera and kept hold of her small hand, to keep her entertained.
The church his mother had decided upon for the ceremony was the same that he’d had his christening in, and Mycroft before him. It was relatively small but could hold a large capacity of people and Mycroft was stood at the door greeting people; friends and family alike with a firm handshake, the odd hug and kiss. Greg was stood beside him awaiting the arrival of the guest of honour, ready to usher him into the churches small private rooms to ready themselves for the ceremony. They picked matching suits; well Greg gad insisted that Mycroft get them something similar, Mycroft wore a dark three piece suit in his usual style with light pinstripes and a pale tie that was the exact colour of his partners shirt. Gregory wore a light grey suit that complimented his salt and pepper hair, with a tie in a darker shade of blue.
The sound of the door slamming downstairs effectively caught all their attention and moments later, there was Sherlock rushing up the stairs taking them two at a time. He hopped over the stair gate and in one fluid movement crouched beside his daughter. She shuffled towards him a few millimetres.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, leaning over the pram and whispered to her. “You have to have all the attention.”
Sherlock listened to the hushed voices as John explained and returned when the bottle was made and warmed to the precise temperature. John was sat in the exact same place he had been, now with Maeve nestled against his chest, her small fist running over the collar and button of his shirt. Silvia had a handkerchief in her hands and Harold was now perched on the arm of the sofa beside his son, his hand on the younger Watson’s shoulder.
John hummed in acknowledgement. He preferred to be up and active but the relaxation was nice, unlike anything he’d experienced since moving in with Sherlock.
“Completely” Sherlock agreed as he re-entered the room. They had already eaten, he and John were now finished tidying up the kitchen. His shirt sleeves were rolled up to his elbows.
“Are you going to bring her in or linger in the doorway?” Violet asked, looking up from her new friend to her son. The ‘come in and stop standing around uselessly’ was silent.
Sherlock stood abruptly, his hold on his daughter soft but demanding, cautious but strong. He crossed the room and stood in front of Mycroft, who looked confused and terrified. “I assume you’d like to hold your niece.”
“Yes.” John confirmed, throwing Sherlock his best, of course you idiot look. “Whatever decision you make, it affects the both of us.”
“You place the newborn baby straight onto the mother’s chest, ensuring bonding through skin to skin contact.” Mycroft summarised.
“Yes.” Sherlock nodded and turned back, putting some distance between himself and the doctor. He turned, his mother was watching him with a knowing grin. He suddenly didn’t look happy anymore. “Weren’t you just leaving?”
Sherlock was sat in the middle of the floor, bum on his feet and hands on his thighs. His eyes scanning over the arch he had created on the floor (freshly cleaned) with sheets of paper from a case file. He wore a pale grey, almost white shirt, the top two buttons undone, with a pair of dark blue slacks. His jacket was still in the bedroom and replaced with his blue dressing gown, undone and hanging loosely on his slim shoulders.
“The police and parents have revealed very little about the circumstances of the kidnappings, there is a lack of detail that is very telling, there are statements that collaborate that the ransoms were paid. If the ransoms were paid, the question begs, why did he kill them? He had a reason or an impulsion to kill, he’s profited two million pound in the past fortnight, and again, why does he kill them? He wants the money but the urge to kill is overwhelming and without it, he cannot function.”
Mycroft did just that as he opened the front door. His parents were just reaching the top step. Both of them looked at him, his father with a small smile and his mother with critical eyes. He cleared his throat and stepped aside to let them both into the house. He greeted, “Mummy. Father.”
Sherlock managed a slight smile. “I never imagined a scenario in which I was a father. The thought never occurred to me. Children are not my area of expertise. I, there was a moment when I considered not taking her, at the beginning, after I realised she was mine but the idea…”
The blonde looked rather close to being sick despite his becoming accustomed to such scenes both here and in Afghanistan. He found himself a safe path that landed him close to detective and peered at the body, eyes lingering on the more obvious wounds. “The cut to her neck.”
I know it's been ages since I've updated this fic (just short of a year) but I originally posted this fic when I was in the midsts of exams and dissertations so this took a back seat to that and also, I've been focused on my other fics. But rest assured, this fic has not been abandoned, I will continue to update it and the gap won't be quite as long.
“Yeah,” John agreed with a smile, he looked down at the baby lent against his shoulder. “Your daddy is adorable, ridiculous but adorable.”
“Aren’t you full of surprises today?” Greg asked, directing his question at the infant as he watched Sherlock bring her slowly down to rest against his chest, smile smaller but not fading in any shape or form.
Still hard, despite the orgasm, John fucked as much as his locked knot would allow.  Feeling his huge knot pull on Sherlock’s rim as he stretched it to its limit.  John chased another release into the limp body beneath him.  Chased it until he heard Sherlock keening from the stimulation, chased it until he felt Sherlock go ridged and orgasm without ejaculate under him, chased it until he heard Sherlock whimpering with over sensitivity.  Chased it until he came hard into Sherlock’s Omega body and then collapsed on top of him, pressing them both into a mess of slick and come and sweat.
He kissed Sherlock deeply as he looped it around his wrists.  “Up on your knees, I think it will be easier on you this way, plus, I want to look at this tight arse as I have my way with you.”
He only made it to the doorway though.  He turned back when he heard the soft sound of the towel dropping to the floor.
“Let’s put a pillow under you hips,” John suggested.  Helping Sherlock to get awkwardly into position, then nestling between his thighs, pressing them further apart; knees high.  Gazing at the intrusion that split Sherlock wide open.  He ran a finger around the rim.  Tight and firm and twitching.  He knew what that felt like around his cock and he wanted that again soon, but he wanted to give Sherlock alone pleasure this time.  Despite his own throbbing erection, he wanted to worship him in ways he had never experienced.  He wanted to remove any of this own need from the equation.
John slowly released Sherlock.  His post orgasmic haze making him move and think slowly.  Holding Sherlock’s hip, he slowly twisted so that they both fell to the side.  Sherlock whimpered as John’s enormous cock shifted with a twitch inside him, making them both pulse and clench.  John moaned in Sherlock’s ear, holding him to his chest.  Sherlock shuddered but remained silent and still.  His hands still secured to the headboard.
Sherlock tried again to move again.  Bucking against John’s grip in panic, nearly tossing him lose.  The movement and the carnal fight triggered another spurt of ejaculate to throb out of John.  He moaned deeply even as Sherlock shouted in pain.  Even in his bliss, John grabbed him then, pinned him down hard.  Holding his arms against his sides in a crushing hug.  “You have to just take this.  You have no choice now.”
Sherlock sobbed choking breath as he was spit open the rest of the way.  Something deep inside parting as John forced his way in.  He could only vaguely hear John’s apology through the thumping of his pulse in his ears.  With an empty voice he said, “it’s done now.  Just do it.”
Sherlock gasped with the last of his breath as John bottomed out.  The intensity was overwhelming.  No pain, just slick pressure in all the right places.  His body glowing with warmth from the inside out as John came hard.  The twitches inside him could be felt all the way to their tangled fingers.  The flood of warmth triggered Sherlock’s second orgasm making his body constrict around the knot inside him.  John’s knot grew more.  Animal instinct making them both lose composure to thrust and grind through their shared climax.  It was an ecstasy that would not have been believed if it had not been collective.
Sherlock was surprised to hear those words.  Alphas did not care, they just took.  Took from his body the pleasure they sought.  Took what they needed.  If he got anything from it, it was purely a happy accident.  He shivered with the faint hope that John was not lying.
“You can take it.”  John said with confidence.  Pushed more.  Shoved a little.  “There you go.  Just a touch more.  Does it feel real?”
John was floored by the admission.  He had been so forceful; he let his Alpha take over.  He had hardly though about Sherlock as he had driven into him.  The assumption that the Omega was loving it just because he was in heat had blinded him to the truth.
“No, no.”  Sherlock said, in surprise.  It had not occurred to him that John would blame himself.  “It’s definitely not you.”
John ran his thumb down Sherlock’s cheek, collecting the perspiration that had collected there.  “You’re gorgeous when you’re in heat.  Your skin nearly glows.”
“Define stop,”  John said carefully.  His eyes flicking away.  He licked his lips.  Wished he hadn’t.  Both because he did not want to give the wrong idea and because with the taste of the air, all the wrong ideas came to him.
“I’m not working today.  I’m allowed to sleep.  Don’t worry; your job was dull anyway, plus, you have other responsibilities right now.”
He tested the grip between them.  It had loosened.  John did not stir, just continued to snore softly against his neck.  He pulled away further.  The wet slurp of their bodies coming apart sounded too loud in the quiet room.  Sherlock froze.
“Not to me.”  Sherlock sulked, finally moving to get up from the floor.  He got to his knees, but he could hardly stand.  John caught him when he faltered and moved him towards the bed.  “Jesus, John, you’ve torn me apart.  My insides are ruined.”
in Mrs Hudson’s flowing handwriting.  He opened the note with bemused curiosity.  He barked a laugh as he read the words.
Angled across each shoulder blade four raised scars ran parallel with each other.  John ran his fingers along the length of them.  If he stretched his fingers wide apart, he could followed the lines.
, apparently.”  John said as he worked the flared head of the monster cock inside Sherlock’s stretched channel.  It pushed in with a squelching pop.  Sherlock shook with surprise.  “It’s made by one of those boutique sex toy manufacturers.”
Sherlock smelled a smooth rich scent, similar to his own.  He lifted his head to give John a questioning look.  He was holding a dark bottle with a rich golden label.
John has a suggestion that might help Sherlock stay ready to take his cock while they rest and talk.
John groaned in animal pleasure as Sherlock’s body fought him.  He hated himself for feeling so good as he knew that Sherlock was coming undone beneath him, but his cock loved it.  Milked by the rippling panic he spurted again and again into the tight, wet, gripping heat.
Sherlock wailed with pleasure as his body clamped down on John’s hand.  The squeeze was intense, and John could only imagine how good it would feel around his knot.  He shuddered at the thought.  He did not try to move his hand, but he let his thumb massage the rim of Sherlock’s body.
“Unless you’ve got better things to do?”  Sherlock’s Omega needs feared that he would say yes; feared he would get up, have a shower, and go to work, leaving him here gaging for more.
Eventually he swam up to the surface of awareness, John still kneeling between his open knees.  His cock hard within his pants.  His face an image of wonder and curiosity.
Sherlock moaned.  He grabbed John’s wrist tightly in his sweating hands.  Holding him close, pushing him away?  He was shaking so hard it was impossible to tell.
John scrambled to hold Sherlock’s hips down.  Fear for his friend mixing with a primal urge to not let the Omega escape.
There is a NSFW link embedder in this chapter, seriously don't open this on your work computer or in front of your nan.
Sherlock is shaken by John's suggestion of bonding. Omega biology and Alpha behaviour are taking their toll of him.
Frustration built as he was denied the warmth by Sherlock’s defective Omega body.  Sherlock was whimpering in pain, in pleasure, he did not know which one anymore.  He did not have room inside his lizard brain to much care beyond that he could feel that Sherlock was still as hard as a rock in his hand.
John could not deny him.  He already felt like he would burst, and Sherlock had been aroused longer than he had.  John adjusted himself within his pants.  Pants that were rapidly becoming cripplingly uncomfortable.
Sherlock did as the Alpha asked and John forced his way a little further inside.  Sherlock pushed back.  His body taking what his mind rebelled against.  They both struggled to maintain composure as John dug in another inch.  John grabbed his hips more tightly.  The need to control was hard wired into his Alpha brain.  “Don’t move.  Just let me in.”
His cock finally got to the nub that had caused Sherlock so much bliss when he had rubbed his fingers over it.  He felt his cock flick it; the ring catching and releasing.  He could feel the change in Sherlock all around him.  It relaxed him and he opened like a summer flower.  John could finally press in further.  Far enough to get to the next node.  Then the one after, until his budding knot was at Sherlock’s twitching rim.
“Oh.  That’s…”  Sherlock’s thoughts were short circuited when John started working him open with a single slick finger.  The lubricant was both cold and warm.  The cold came from its temperature, but the warmth was clearly an additive.  Sherlock moaned with pure pleasure, “it’s warm.”
“No, you’re not ready.  Your body is dry, and far too tight.  It’s alright.  There is no rush.  I’ll take care of you.”
“No need.  I’ll be fine.”  Sherlock said weakly.  “It was just a mix of heat blockers.  My own concoction.”
“No, like, huge-big.  Like unnaturally big.”  John pushed another finger inside to drive the message home.  “Not just a bit bigger, like you are.  I’m not bragging, I have had Omegas who cannot handle it.  Most can’t.”
The bed was a mess, so John pulled the covers back so that Sherlock could lay on the fresh sheets.  Sherlock tuned his back on John and curled into the foetal position.
John laughed, unable to contain himself.  A moment later Sherlock joined in, his sides aching with the effort.  Then they were kissing again; furiously.  John leaning over him, bracketing him possessively with his arms and legs.  Then the kiss slowed became more passionate; their tongues exploring, touching, before the kiss slowed to a deep warmth that stoked the fire in both of them.
Sherlock’s arousal had not diminished just because he had had one silly orgasm.  He was thankful that his body had relaxed slightly, and he was starting to feel like he was floating.  Floating away from the pain.  The pain of want deep inside him and the pain of the relentless pressure at his opening.
