“Oh, shut up,” Tony said, “you’re not nearly as big or blond as them, but you’re way more stupid.”
“Never have I ever,” Vision hummed. “Kissed a man.”
He watched as Steve's shoulders relaxed.
“Well, what?” Carol demanded.
“Get those off now,” Tony muttered, snapping the band of Steve’s underwear. “Faster. What the hell is that super soldier serum good for?”
The only time he’d heard her like that was after he’d called Hank the lowest of trash. Afterward, she’d cried in the bathroom. She’d tried to muffle her sobs, but Steve had heard her from their bed anyway. Steve still didn't understand why.
“There are many possibilities yet to be examined,” Reed said. “I assume you've made your own theories.”
“I don't care.” This was a stupid simulation anyway. What type of villain would...touch their captives, like this? Wasn't there something they were supposed to want, or threats they were going to make?
“Top of that store.” The stucco roof of the restaurant would mean anyone who dropped off there would spend a moment trying to find their footing, giving Steve time to pick them off.
“Like anyone needs you to pay them to come here,” Steve said. Tony laughed, before he shuddered and scrambled for the toilet bowl. By this point, there was nothing but stomach acid. Tony tried a few times for the toilet handle to flush, and he leaned his forehead against the porcelain, panting. Steve reached out, pressing his fingers to the back of Tony’s neck. He was cold and clammy, and shook his head weakly at Steve's touch.
Rogers hesitated for an instant. “I didn't realize I had ended up so far into the future.” His voice betrayed his steadfast confidence, brittle on the final word. “Especially since there's been speculation that my aging would be delayed.”
Tony tries to smile at Steve, appear somewhat reassuring, and then he thinks of Morgan. His stomach twists. He’ll never see her grow up. He’ll never see her go through school, or go to college, or get married, or maybe even have her own kids one day. He’ll never get to see her discover all of life’s roads to happiness.
“You have his armor override code, right?” Steve asked Sam, who frowned.
Tony grimaced. “Let us go, Octo-creep.”
The others chuckled.
“But more alarmingly, we’ve found a machine. A group of people from this era used the machine to go back to the point in time the Hydra agents are from.”
Steve's eyes flicked up at the mistletoe, and didn't let go of Tony's hand. Tony watched Steve's Adam's apple bob, before his eyes met Tony's.
Steve’s sobbing harder now, so much so he can’t even hear his own thoughts percolating in his mind. Thoughts of
been a while since me and Clint have gone on a mission with just the two of us.” Natasha’s clearly basking in it, and Steve doesn’t blame either of them for picking each other for their team. “Anyway, a mission isn’t the time for you two to bare your souls to each other.”
Tony tilts his head at him. “Thank you.”
There was a short sputter. “
Steve dwarfed her in size, but in that moment, he looked as small as a child.
There were words on the tip of Steve's tongue, but he held them. Not his place, not anymore. The rest of the team had gone silent in the meantime.
It was an interesting angle from the other side of the desk.
“Are you going to tell the story?”
Steve stroked a thumb over the thin silicone band on Tony’s ring finger. The last time he’d seen Tony out of the armor was when he'd been unceremoniously ejected from the lab so Tony could put on the armor, and he hadn't been wearing it then. Steve hadn’t been wearing his, either.
A mansion, like those radio dramas Steve used to be obsessed with. “What about you?” he asked. “You moving in too?”
That was when Steve realized that this may have been a mistake.
“After all we’ve been through, you want to do everything yourself?”
After a moment to adjust to the turn of events, the gears in the back of Tony's mind set into motion. There was a curious buzz, as the kiss showed no sign of letting up, to figure out the different sides of Captain America. Each new piece were answers to a puzzle Tony hadn't known he needed solved.
about the one timeline, he gave
There was a tapping on the side of the couch, as Tony looked at the screen. “It’s probably better for us to take our vacation now, rather than later.”
Steve made a bit of a face, but he was sincere when he said, “As long as I have you.”
“Steve?” Tony struggled to catch his breath, biting his lip as his chest heaved.
Tony's word didn't necessarily count for much in this scenario. Steve breathed deeply. “Why was the armor taken down?”
“Yeah, I already knew that from video games,” Nova said.
“I'm proud of you, Steve.”
Steve didn't feel like he had much of it, and when he leaned back down and Tony parted his lips invitingly, Steve paused.
“Uh, It was back in South Dakota a few weeks back, when the Red Skull released the virus,” Steve cut in. Tony gave me CPR to keep me alive.”
“I’m sorry. I heard the press conference, about him being in the hospital.”
“Delete it,” Steve said. “And whoever hired you, tell them that the Ultimates will make them regret it.”
There's...a situation here. Involving one of the temporal anomalies.”
“You have a point, Iron Man. Avengers wouldn't allow children to be in danger. I think we need to clear them out.”
The Christmas tree reached the two stories of the complex, bright and glittery, like something that would get its picture taken if it were placed in Manhattan. Tony leaned back and smiled from his view near the door, rocking back and forth on his heels.
“We'll talk about it later. But yes, rest.”
“It...hasn't?”
“Never mind that for now. What about space?”
“Yes!” The girls all high-five each other, and Steve as well. Tony accepts fist bumps all around as they gather up the boxes, chattering away with the girls and becoming the object of even more schoolgirl crushes in the process.
“Thank you, Tony.”
“How?”
into the simulator. This is about as much skin as I can show on campus, so that's good enough for your delicate sensibilities, right?”
Steve, ever the stolid one, couldn't stop fidgeting. He rocked back from one foot to the other, and kept glancing over at Tony from the corner of his eye.
“I'm not lying,” Steve said. “Why would I be? Don’t compare your—your mere crush to something like being in love.”
Tony’s fallen asleep on the table. He’s small enough that his whole body fits, even though he’s flat on his back. Steve holds his breath when he crouches down. Tony’s glasses are skewed, digging into his cheek, bound to leave an indent. Steve pulls the glasses off, and debates on where to put them so that Tony doesn’t wake up in a panic to find them. He tucks an imaginary strand of hair behind Tony’s ear.
Steve kisses him. Maybe the end of the world isn’t so bad after all. Tony pushes his fingers up through Steve’s hair, running through it while they kiss. There’s something to make up for, and Tony doesn’t know how that’s going to happen, but they’re doing their damned best to try. Tony wants to touch, rubbing his thumbs over Steve’s temples, squeezing the back of Steve’s neck, every new spot sparking shivers down Steve’s body. Steve, single-minded, stubborn man he is, just wants to kiss Tony.
This room was charged. The electricity here, literal and figurative, had the fur on his scruff standing on end. He raised his nose to sniff the air. His tail swept low over the floor, slow and careful. The other sleeping quarters he'd checked tonight had been proper dens, dark and quiet, their inhabitants wrapped beneath nests of warm furs, or curled around each other. It was enough for him to leave satisfied, because even if his pack wasn't all together, they were comfortable and safe.
Anyway, Carol rather liked their new team setup, and was reluctant to see it get shaken up because of something brewing between those two. There were a lot of ways the team had erred in the past, and none of them was free from criticism. But, it had only been a matter of time before they'd assembled again. It meant something, how ultimately, they were stronger together than apart, and that's what the world needed from them. She could practically see Steve's face in her mind giving the speech. More than once she wished she had that sort of charisma, a gravitas that made you feel intimidated to stand by his side, but that you would do your damnedest to try. She'd accepted that after all the people she'd met, human and alien alike, that was decidedly something unique to Steve Rogers.
In that split second, there was no other choice Tony could have made.
That one rings true.
“Actually—”
Steve doesn’t know how to respond to that. There’s a whirlwind inside him, and thinking about it stirs it up again, an angry gale inside him. For the first time since her breakdown after Tony died, Pepper’s calm facade cracks. Her jaw drops, and there’s a flush coming to her cheeks.
Rogers flushed. “For Iron Man?”
“I wondered, if maybe you wouldn’t come back,” Bucky admits, the night Steve comes back from returning the stones. It’d been a few hours for everyone here, but a week on Steve’s end. “You’d get your dance, and then.” Bucky shrugs. “Do what you could until the end of your lifetime.”
Tony brought his gaze over. The tense lines of Steve's back made the muscles there even harder to ignore.
Like a felled giant, the monster toppled over, eyes still open, tongue lolling out. The now-darkened orb rolled out of its socket onto the street.
Rogers's eyes still bore a hole into Steve. “Then who are you?” The hesitation told plain as words that he wasn't as unsure of the answer as the question suggested.
Tony cleared his throat. “Anyway, I have to get back to the city. Meetings, you know how it is. Get Vision to help you out with the rest of the decorating. JARVIS always liked Christmas, so I'm sure...and Vision even matches the color scheme!” He backed up, waving a hand. “I'll see you around, yes?”
Tony raised an eyebrow, like he knew exactly when saying nothing made for the best effect. The feeling of shame was creeping back up Steve's neck, and Steve didn’t understand why he cared so much about something so small. It wasn’t like he’d exactly been clamoring for Tony’s attention or company before now.
“I guess we have Tony to thank for that,” Steve says.
In retrospect, the best thing possible happened to Steve in being found by the Avengers. They were a team gathered to fight the foes no single one of them could withstand. He belonged with them, even if he didn't fit in their time. What if he had been found by the government, instead? Could they have had such upstanding motives?
Tony had a trail of dark hair, starting from below his belly button, that thickened the further down it went.
Steve tries out the words to himself, in one of the motel rooms that still charge money and he still insists on paying for, when there are entire neighborhoods of abandoned houses with their broken windows and ajar doors for travelers needing a place to stay, or food to eat.
“Stark!” The tentacle grabbed Tony's hair, and Tony groaned as his head was held back, neck bared. Another tentacle curled next to his cheek, the claws bared against his skin.
Tony snapped out of it, his eyes alert as he glanced over at Steve. Steve basked in the fullness of Tony’s attention. Tony laughed. “Yeah, it’s the worst.”
“Who the hell cares what Tony thinks!? What he thinks is important nearly got him killed!”
“If I ever am, I would turn this,” Steve waved the gun, “back on myself.” He lowered the weapon.
“I'm sorry, Mr. Stark,” an adult, possibly an older sister, walks around to the front of the table. “If it's a problem, we can move—”
Tony turned his face, turning his head off of Steve's lap, and threw up on the ground.
When he'd proposed to Tony, It’d been a way to tell Tony that he wasn’t alone. And even if they didn't make it through, it was worth it. Tony had known that from the beginning, when he’d donned the Iron Man armor for the first time.
, which is well-documented at this point.
Steve jerked back in his chair, stunned by the impact. It was like the ice, creeping up his neck. He hated Tony like this. Being cruel didn’t suit him.
He and Steve, they'd lost
Steve nodded frantically against his neck, rubbing his cheek across it. Tony brought his arms up, circling around Steve, returning the hug.
“Whoa, wait, for every Hydra we've fought, there's someone in their place stuck in the past?”
“Hm?”
Steve looks up at Tony, but he’s just been shaken awake, and his body decides it’s had enough of lack of air, and once he starts, the coughing doesn’t stop.
Steve had been trying. Tony had tried, many years ago, to put the team together on their own. But now that they’re both here, together, Steve has no hesitation in his mind that this time, it’ll work.
“This world doesn't have an Avengers team?” Tony asked again. “What do you do when you face world-wide threats?”
Steve hadn’t exactly had much time for sight-seeing, and previously had no real inclination to travel. Just walking outside was a trip into a different world, and going home hadn't felt like it for a long time, before Tony.
Speaking of which, still no Hydra in sight. Something wasn't right. The bright green and yellow suits were enough to know that these Hydra were far from the pinnacle of stealth.
Tony shuffles. “Will you keep that a little quiet? Didn’t bring one for the whole team. We are getting the whole team, right?”
“I am happy.” How could he say otherwise? He was happy with Tony's easy, silly delight. He was happy with the casual intimacy, how Steve's skin, like stone to the rest of the world, could be a comfort to Tony. He was happy with how the simplest and most complex of things were fascinating to Tony, and that was just what made Steve perfect, Tony would say, even when Steve didn't believe him.
“Hey, I don't know who you lot are, and
“Mistletoe's an even worse name—
“Well, I'd prefer these revelations happen without hearts getting stopped,” Rogers muttered, and Steve couldn't disagree.
“I'm sorry,” Tony said, massaging the back of his neck. Steve shook his head.
He sneaked a glance at Tony, who was swirling his apple cider around in his glass, having an internal argument whether anything he did counted as kissing himself.
But Natasha’s gone. For once, the itch in Steve’s throat is almost forgotten. The pain in his lungs is nothing, not compared to how his eyes burn, and tears stream down his cheeks, and his chest feels like the entire world is squeezing it shut.
Steve’s head spun from where he sat. Tony’s hands slid into his hair, and he leaned over, feeling Tony’s breath on the back of his neck.
. It must be nowhere close to how Iron Man sounded for Rogers.
“I did,” she said. “To get you out of your own head and think about the team. The mission? Tony would think it’s important.”
“Tony seemed very invested in getting you the serum back,” Rogers said. He was still whispering, with Tony still fiddling with the makeshift machine in the middle of the high school gym.
They stared at each other for several long, aborted moments. Tony stepped toward Steve, closing the door.
Steve took a deep breath. “It's just like you, to keep this to yourself,” he finally said, and he was hurt, almost at anger, as he should be. “When will you learn that we can do this together?”
Steve's left thumb went to the ring, stroking it. “You’re not surprised?”
Steve laughed. “Of course it wasn't, not for you.”
“Yeah, go ahead.”
Carol was watching Steve, pursing her lips. She snapped her fingers. “Never have I ever kissed Tony Stark,” Carol declared proudly.
Lie as he liked, from the beginning, Tony's armor had only protected his own heart. If they couldn't look out for their own, what duty did they have to the American people, now?
But it had changed. So much had. Tony wasn't the center of Steve's universe. And Steve never
“There’s no need to apologize, Steve,” she says gently. “In fact, if there’s anyone who should be sorry, it would be me.”
“Of course,” Reed said. “I've only done theoretical work on a bridge to other universes, but since I'm certain now they exist, it'll just be a matter of time.”
Well, it was the truth. “Grappling, rolling, groundfighting. We can try it out, see if you like it.”
Very few things were capable of holding up against the S.H.I.E.L.D. produced rayguns.
Steve inhaled sharply.
“It’s not that,” Steve said. “I wouldn’t ever stop him. He was risking his life, same as me.”
“Wasn’t taking any more chances, not after going for three weeks without food. Who knows where we could have been stranded during our time heist.”
“I mean, he really does care. We know it's not exactly the easiest serum to work with.”
Jan sighed, running a hand through her hair. Exasperation was far preferable to pity. “You really can’t stay here in forever.” She frowned, and Steve stared back. She broke eye contact first. “It’d drive Tony nuts to know you’re doing this.”
“It’s—” Steve’s throat went dry, and how was he going to tell everyone else if even telling it to one of his closest friends was this hard? “It’s Iron Man. Tony Stark.”
“It was magic,” Thor insisted again, a bit more quietly, and went off to wherever he had to go to get to Asgard. Under a bridge underneath a piece of cardboard, a nudist beach, the corner of a backroom of a club filled with smoke and hard drugs. Steve didn’t care anymore what had to be done. If Tony needed a damn fairy godmother to save him, Steve wouldn’t stop until he'd wrung out every last speck of fairy dust in the world.
Tony smiles at Steve too, who’s lurking in the background, eyes glued to the screen like a dying man to water, and calls him over. Steve can’t stop himself from smiling back helplessly.
Natasha had kissed him on the cheek, almost at the corner of his eye, and when they'd parted and he'd clapped his hand over his face, she'd smiled and said something about laugh lines before leaving him.
Steve had worked that part out long ago, but he wasn’t interested in keeping up any persona but his own. Better yet, he wanted to be left alone.
“Give us a few minutes,” Tony told him, turning toward Steve. Steve looked sharply at him.
“You know, this is a dangerous place,” Tony says, strolling up to the table. “Like, you know the Baxter Building? Gets attacked by supervillains every other week? Avengers Tower gives them a run for their money.”
“I can't say I've heard of any team like that. All superheroes, I assume?”
“While on the topic, I was thinking,” Tony started slowly, “about us two, going public with our marriage.”
“In Never Have I Ever. About kissing you. I drank, but it wasn’t true, not even on a technicality. Being kissed
Steve blinks the tears away as he feels Tony shift beside him. They look over the expanse of the destroyed compound, at a waiting Thanos.
“Or whatever name you want to put to us,” Tony continued hastily. “Whatever’s fine.”
There was a stunned silence. Tony's fingers had stopped moving on the back of Steve's neck. It was an ugly, twisted mistake that had crawled its way up Steve's throat.
“Ugh,” Tony said, shaking his head and sending droplets of sweat and vomit flying.
Tony moaned, purely for curiosity's sake, and it paid off, because Steve's fingers worked his way to the side of Tony's jaw, holding him firmly in place. Tony was aware that he was being pushed back, and the angle was awkward, no leverage when they were so far apart to begin with. A bit further, and Tony might end up pushed right over.
There was a slight banging, like someone tapping on glass, as Steve nudged the unlocked door open silently. There weren’t any signs of struggle. It was soon clear that the sound came from the bathroom, and the sound of retching followed. That door wasn’t closed, a slab of light cutting across the carpet floor, and Steve crept around to peer inside.
“Tony, what are you suggesting?” Steve asked. “I don't belong here. I belong with yo—with the Avengers.
Steve has nine lives to Tony's one, and the ice took one. Then Tony's team catches up in Seattle and Tony throws Steve into the Needle. Extremis tells him he's broken half the man's ribs and his pelvis. The man escapes anyway, but now he's down to seven.
“Vision, take a look at their tech and see if that matches up.” Sam cleared his throat. “And if our team communications are out of sync, we can't have anyone left on their own. Thor, can you go join Captain Rogers?”
Rogers would probably go back to his own time determined to fall in love with Tony properly, just to prove Steve wrong. It wasn't like it was a hard thing to do. The most difficult part was what to do with feelings for someone that couldn't be returned. Steve had grown up wanting things he never had—he couldn't imagine wanting even more of that for himself.
“I still don't see why that part's so important,” Tony grumbled as they worked on their stretches on the floor. Then he grinned. “Old man.”
Steve's hand whipped up to his ear. “Tony!”
He still loves her. The part of his chest that isn’t weighed down, the part of his throat that doesn’t itch, that can be soothed sometimes, is the evidence.
The thought of Tony being gone terrified him, and who knew when it could happen. He could easily collapse one day, and that would be it. Steve didn't want the public to always see them with a countdown timer ticking down over their heads. The world had already taken away so much from him—the least it could leave him with was time
“Not exactly what you expected.”
The sunlight was blocked for a moment before Gail took a seat closer beside him. “It doesn't. I know it's not the same, but don't forget that my husband also has lung cancer.”
“You can relax now, Steve, he’s gone. For good, I hope.”
“Morning,” Carol called out. Steve nearly jumped out of his chair and had a close call for some scalding burns. “Whoa, cool it down there, hotshot.” She patted him on the shoulder as she took the seat beside him, momentarily distracted by the tantalizing smell of freshly brewed coffee. “That smells great. You mind?”
“We're going to be stretched thin,” Sam continued. “And they can show up at any moment. Watch yourselves.”
“Not a good change of topic, okay. You're welcome to a plus one, of course, sneak her in under the mistletoe,” Tony said, knowing it wasn't what Steve wanted to hear.
It doesn’t hurt at all to speak the words to his best girl.
If Tony had chosen him, they couldn’t have had this. Steve watches Morgan clinging to Tony. Is there a world, where they could have brought new life like this? Reminding them not just of who they lost, but who they have left to protect? They couldn’t have. Tony’s always been meant to create, to work toward the future. Not to be saddled with someone from the past. This is how it’s meant to be, Steve wonders, while Tony gazes back at him. Only for him, Steve thinks, their eye contact not breaking. For the first time in five years, Steve has Tony’s undivided attention.
s insomniacs could keep each other company, at least.”
“Do I need to leave?”
Steve blinked at her for a few seconds, before getting up and leaping over the back of the couch to run after Tony.
There’s a jolt in his side, and Steve wakes up. He tries to gasp, but the blockage in his throat won’t let him, leaving him gasping for breath.
There was a long silence. “I'm so sorry.”
Tony turned to say something about it to Steve, only to find him stopped dead in his tracks a few feet back. He looked like he'd seen a ghost.
“Uh, yes!?” she squeezed him back, bewildered.
“Never mind, you can just stay there. I like you like that. Veterans’ associations, the Boys and Girls Club, and…oh, a hospital. Animal shelter? You like dogs, don’t you?”
“Stay low,” Tony told him. “Don't make yourself a target.”
“You say that now, but you’ll be a sight to behold when you squander all your life’s savings and inheritance and end up in the poor-house.” Tony tapped at his screen. “What charities do you like?”
Tony turned onto his back, scratching his chest. The bed was too expensive for him to feel Steve roll over, but his side was cold.
Right. Right. Of course it was about the team, if Tony wasn't working at full capacity because of his insomnia. More importantly, Steve didn't think Tony was crazy. He wouldn't, and isn't that why Tony had told him, and why Tony loved him? The least Tony could do was say yes.
They hold onto each other until there’s nothing left. Tony lowers his arms, blinking at the edge of the vast lake. He squints, because he swears that the water’s falling away. But no, that’s not it. Tony looks down at himself. The tips of his extremities are already translucent, and the rest of his body is quickly fading away.
He took his first step away and set to work, facing the end of the universe alone.
Rogers barked out laughter, but then the smile spread over his face as he took in the meaning. Steve found himself mirroring the same happiness. Steve would have to find his own way home, himself.
Regardless, there was a slight flush on Rogers's cheeks. Steve didn't want to keep looking. Had he really been like that around Iron Man?
Steve swallowed. They were ninety stories up, but he had the fullest confidence he could beat the elevator down if he took the stairs.
“Steve, what the hell are you—” Tony said, before he repulsored a half-dozen of them. He was fighting defensively, covering Rogers. If Rogers’s shoulder injury hadn't been noticeable before, it clearly was now, and against sheer numbers there was only so much to do. They needed back-up, badly, and Steve knew that he'd made the right choice in being a distraction.
“Maybe I still love him.” It hurt to admit it, but it was nothing compared to the weight lifted off him at the honesty. Maybe it was the toll on his body of losing the serum, but his mind had decided pride was worth less than it used to.
“Thank you,” he says awkwardly. He reaches out, but then Pepper turns her hand over, opening the cloth. Several bunched-up petals fall out, and they watch them together until they settle on the floor.
Tony sighed, and his face went through several minute expressions before settling on the worst one, a flat, smooth one.
Steve felt a rush of heat shoot down his spine, and it was definitely only because he didn't like seeing his friend be hurt, or touched like this.
“Well, serum, science, it all comes from nature.”
“Think of it as an executive bonus.”
, he thinks, as Steve stares uncomprehendingly at him, as his chest cavity caves further inwards. He's capable of this much, of making Steve Rogers hate him like scorched earth, that consumes every ideal that created him.
“Just wedge it in and go?” he asked, and Steve shook his head. He ran his fingers over the armor, his fingers suddenly too sensitive against the cool metal, until he felt a familiar outline. At least Tony's armor hadn't changed this much.
“Well, I care about you two. And if there's anything you need to talk about, I'm all ears.”
He asked like he didn't know what Steve would answer.
Tony shook his head.
That won him a laugh from Steve. “Of course you'd notice. It's nothing important. I'm not getting much sleep.”
Between his hands, Tony's fingers twitched.
“No, it's not just that,” Steve said. “You'd understand if you knew him better. The Reed in our world respected Tony too. He's the one who gets—ideas, gets the cogs in the machine turning.” He turned his head, but Tony caught the last of a smile as he looked at the screen. “Your world is really missing out.”
“Only family is allowed in outside of visiting hours. I thought they just made an exception for Captain America, but they didn’t, did they? ‘Captain America secretly married? But to who?’”
Everyone had been delighted tonight. Even Wanda, where there'd been some worry about her reaction to the Frankenstein's monster of American commercialism, had seemed to enjoy the universal enjoyments of good food and drink.
embarrassing to think about now, even for Steve. That secret identity Iron Man had maintained for their first years on the team.
This was exactly why Tony was his favorite. Tony clapped his hand on Steve’s shoulder, and Steve reached up to grab his hand before he pulled it away.
Tony's instincts told him to do anything to prevent the fall, so it was an easy task to roll them over, twisting his own body to match Tony's, before he was on top of Tony, securely pinning him.
His eyes fixate on the road ahead. Natasha doesn’t press, but her disappointment at him dodging the question hangs over them like a veil.
“Oh, right, I have to report in.” Tony nodded at Steve. “Excuse me.” The faceplate slid back down. Rogers seemed disconcerted. His Tony still had eye sockets.
On the bench, Tony was less aware of Steve and his eyes than before, resting his elbows on his knees, head hanging low, but nodded at Steve's approval.
“The reason we know not to interfere with the past is because it's happened before, Ms. Marvel. But it doesn't mean everyone has learned their lesson.” Sam had calmed down enough to impart wisdom on his teammate.
, and you’re here alone instead. I’m so sorry, Tony.”
Steve made a desperate sound, and god, Tony had already come, or else he'd want to, from knowing how much Steve Rogers enjoyed dirty talk.
“I figure I have Captain America in my bed, obviously following my gut instinct has been working out for me. So if it wants to go eat some octopus, then I should listen to it.”
The most Carol could do for now was watch over them. Although, loath as she was to admit it, if they really wanted to go at it, she wasn't even sure what she could do.
Tony shrugs, telling him about the paradoxes one runs into, when it comes to time travel. Stuff he didn’t bother explaining in detail before to them at the cabin, and a small part of Steve is gratified. Of course, after they left, even after Tony had refused, he’d still dug deeper into the time travel.
“No.” Steve wants to say more, but his body is trembling now with the effort to suppress the cough. He just shakes his head again quickly. Natasha glances a look backwards before they hurry away. Natasha’s still looking back as they make their way into the car, but Steve doesn’t need to look up to know that Tony’s watching them rush away. It’s probably not a surprise to Tony to watch them leave, is it?
“Do the Avengers count?” Vision questioned.
For a minuscule, non-statistically relevant portion of the population, unrequited romantic feelings induce a stress response from the body. In the chest cavity, a seed is formed, and that seed germinates into a flowering plant. The symptoms begin from discomfort and shortness of breath, and as the flower grows, they turn into a worsening cough, chest pain, and at the terminal stages, suffocation.
Tony rolled his shoulders, raising his face to the ceiling, and, right, Steve had a sick man on his watch.
“No, no, they can't help either. Don't look at me like that. You can't
“We're not done,” Rhodey told him, making an
“Well, hello there, Steve. And Cap.”
People were staring as they walked down the street side-by-side with pedestrian traffic. Tony wondered why this universe's team of superheroes hadn't come to pick them up yet. Multiversal visitors weren't exactly easy to miss.
“That's the thing. If it's anything like that, it'd be something to bring up with the Avengers.” Tony fought the urge to fidget. “It's mostly clothes.”
Tony’s eyes softened. “Of course not. You’re just privileged enough for me to not kick you out for trying. You’re a good teammate, though.”
“You okay?” Steve finally said gruffly.
“So, is Captain America homeless, now?” Tony studied Steve’s face. “She didn’t throw your things out into the street, did she? She can be petty, but I would have pegged her as too proud for histrionics. It’d explain why you look like what the cat threw up, though.”
Reed interlaced his fingers, and steepled his chin above them.
“I’ll do what I can, where I’m needed,” Steve says. “But I was thinking of starting smaller-scale.”
The pain of his disease barely registers. Tony, Tony, Tony, his heart sings, drinking in the unexpected sight. Last time this happened, he’d been prepared. He’d been ready to see him, bracing himself, even if seeing Tony had still taken his breath away. His head swims while his body remains stock-still.
“Steve,” she whispers. She pities him, like everyone else does. Did. But only she understands why. Steve wonders how Sam and Bucky would react. In the end, he’s happiest with Pepper finding out first. She’d understand him the most, and he’s glad, with all the connections he’s lost lately, that he’s been able to form a new one.
“I’m not your butler.”
Tony turned heel, aware that Steve was watching his every step, and very aware of how well these pants showed off his ass. But mostly, he was aware of just how much alone time in his office he could squeeze in before his meeting this afternoon.
it that way.”
He opened the door.“Tony?”
When Tony kissed him the first time, he came in open-mouthed and wet. Steve came out of it sans shirt and with a newfound addiction to the taste of wine.
Tony looked at him incredulously. “What? This isn't even that bad!”
he could have noticed were between Steve and Tony, Steve reckoned he'd rather his counterpart not elaborate. “But you have a good team, and—” he paused. His eyes darted to the wall behind Steve. His Adam's apple bobbled as it swallowed. If it had been anyone but Steve watching him, they probably wouldn't have noticed Rogers was trying to tell him something out that was very, very difficult to say.
Steve fell back, flailing his arm behind him in the exact way he'd drilled into everyone never to do. The concrete scraped against his fingers as Steve kicked out with his foot. The man jumped back, faster than any regular human. Steve had no room for error anymore.
“There haven't been any Hydra thrown at us in a while,” Tony tried. “They can't be causing that great a stir.
Steve didn’t mind. Tony went over a dozen end-of-the-world scenarios while brushing his teeth, like he was obligated to stop them all before succumbing to his cancer. Steve had been privy to some of them, that ran like clockwork in Tony’s head, and still he couldn’t think of anything worse than what Tony had put him through the past week.
Rogers' eyes grew wide, and Steve heard him inhale sharply.
Steve mouths something, and like he’s brought to life, bounds down the steps with a single leap.
“Oh. Thanks,” Steve had said, awkwardly.
How stupid. Did the both of them wait until the moment they were in private to slip it on, without anyone else to notice but themselves?
If Tony had known back then about Steve’s crush, then he would have also realized that things had changed by now. They were good friends most of the time. The rest of the times were ones Steve would rather not recall.
“Or, maybe not
He couldn’t quite make out Tony’s eyes in this light, shadowed by the setting sun behind him. He tried to look for something in the long moments that passed.
“Bucky’s my best friend,” Steve said. “But, you’ve been with him for over sixty years. You have grandchildren.”
Tony would hate this, and that was what it’d take, right? Steve’s husband didn’t take hating things very well. He’d put on his armor, whether it was the Iron Man or a business suit, and head out to face his own battle. He wasn’t afraid of much, and some of it was arrogance and most of it was pride, but what made Steve fall in love with him was the heart underneath.
“You’re working on your will?”
Gail didn’t say anything. Her face barely registered a change in expression, and Steve was glad that he didn’t have to explain to her the sudden interest in men. He didn’t know if Bucky would have been so blasé about the affair, and he was incredibly grateful that he wasn’t in the room.
“Still, with just the two of you?” Sarah sat down on the couch. Steve took a seat next to her, and she patted him on the knee as he scooted closer to her. Tony remained standing in the corner of the room.
“I can.” He couldn't. “You're going to have to do it. I—I don't have his armor override codes, anymore.” The last time he'd used them was back when they'd just started the new Avengers team. The code he had now, the one Tony had given him after he'd woken up, he never wanted to use.
And that thought rushed over him like a wave, setting the missing puzzle piece into place. It should have been a revelation, rocked his worldview. Without the cloud of emotions blinding him, it was a foregone conclusion.
“Oh, it's fine, it's our job as superheroes to fix this. What do you think, Cap?” Tony asks him, swinging their arms between them.
No, the fascination with hanahaki disease is more focused on the
“What?”
But, he realizes, that’s not the question Tony’s asking. Does Steve trust Tony enough, to lay down not just his life, but the life of the trillions lost? Steve can hand over his own life without a second thought, but the thing about Captain America is that he doesn’t have that luxury of only caring about himself.
Tony ripped the paper off, tossing it to the side, and of course Steve leaned down to pick up the pieces. Tony watched him from the corner of his eye, because Steve had on another ridiculously tight shirt. If you reached out, you could stroke a finger right between his pecs.
It was how Tony worked, appreciative of beauty, appreciative of so much in life that you wouldn’t expect from the man who had everything, but he usually wasn't so unabashed over it.
Tony laughed with a hint of delight. “Don’t let me scare you away already, we’re just getting started.”
Tony laughed, patting Rhodey on the shoulder. He'd given some thought to the team's reactions were this Steve thing to go any further, which was weird, because he hadn't cared about getting anyone's approval since his parents died.
Steve shook his head harder. He shuddered, rubbing his arms like he was cold. “It's not about how I looked. You couldn't know, how I've been acting these past two weeks. If you did, then you'd—” he tugged at his hair. “You smelled so good,” he blurted, “and I couldn't stay away from you. I didn't
“Tony,” Steve said slowly, staring at him until he finally could keep the laughter down for two seconds. “Please tell me that's you controlling it.”
“Comics,” Miles added.
Tony hadn't stopped, and it hurt so much, to think he'd been holding this back while they played at marriage and happiness.
someone isn’t the same as
Doc Ock cackled, and his metal tentacle curled through the air, the claws marking the wall next to Tony. “That's
Steve sobs with never knowing, the endless expanse of possibilities he’ll never know, he never took, that he waited too long for.
The tears are falling freely down Steve’s face when Tony smiles at him.
“Is this—then what are you planning to
of shape, but now that Steve was deserumed and his body matched his years, he’d never be anyone’s first choice to call into the field.
“Sensitive, really?” Tony curled in a hollow next to Steve. Steve turned his head, and they shared a kiss. When they let go, Tony smirked, letting a finger run over Steve's balls. “Have you ever tried anything with your ass? You should, it's an amazing ass.”
“He had a way with words.” Steve can’t stop the smile at Tony’s memory. He doesn’t know if the hole in his heart will ever fully heal, and he’s not prepared for it to. Steve doesn’t have the whole of his heart intact, but he has all the feelings, and that’s enough for him.
Before Steve could respond, a loud burst of static cut the conversation short. Steve tried not to frown too deeply. His frown had a markedly different effect after losing the serum.
Steve picked up the mug and breathed in the smell. Whatever the taste, it had a enticing, heady aroma. It reminded him of Tony.
“I think the mansion might be haunted,” Tony blurted.
Steve grunted in non-surprise, rolling his shoulders back. “Well, let's hope this world is welcoming to visitors.”
“You didn’t tell me?”
Steve became very aware of his lack of cowl.  “Tony,” he interrupted.
Steve swayed a bit on his feet. Tony had trusted him with that much, and where did they always end up with each other? He fell to his knees, shifting the armor closer to him.
On time heist T-1, Tony declares a party. Someone’s put in charge of the food (Rocket) and now, several hours later, there are stacks of pizza boxes piled high on tables and copious amounts of empty 2-liter soda bottles littering the room.
“You're the best. I love you, you know that, Danvers?”
“So, a bridge to the multiverse won't work. What we need is a time machine,” Tony said, crossing his arms.
“A Christmas party, here?” Steve pulled a garland from the box with faint disapproval, like he was Captain America, the Grinch, and not Captain America, volunteer Santa at half-a-dozen events that he admitted to, and at least four he'd never fessed up to.
“Nah, the gig's already up, Steve. He heard what you called me.” The faceplate slid back, and Tony already had his most winning smile on. “Hey, Cap.”
“You're not embarrassed, are you?”
Steve and Tony had never operated on anyone else's standards of
“From examining the data...I believe we've 'dodged the bullet'. Or, more probable, someone shielded us from it. It appears the residents of Pleasant Hill were meant to become vessels for the Hydra agents to swap with.”
“Let me see him,” Thor said, and Steve was immediately reluctant to let go of Tony. “I do still have my medical training, you know.”
“As I was telling your counterpart here,” Tony jerked his head. “I'm fine.”
“It's fine. I'm just...sensitive,” Steve mumbled, and he was trembling already in Tony's grip moving slowly up and down.
“I knew,” he admitted. “He told me, back when we first met.”
“I will if it makes you say yes,” Steve said.
The armor was unresponsive, and Steve clicked the latches on the side of his helmet, revealing an unconscious Tony, green flight gel running down the side of his head. Steve patted his face, his heart racing, desperate for any response.
But Jan was right. There was no way their marriage could be anything but a scandal.
“Doors, closed!” he ordered. They slammed shut as Tony lunged for the repulsor on the table. It'd still shoot, and hopefully not take out his arm with it.
“Tony? Tony!” Steve reached out to shake him, but thought better of it. “Avengers!” he barked into his comm, to no response. His hands curled into fists. “We need to get him out.”
“Tony, are you okay?”
“Tony, shut it off!”
There’s a straw by his mouth now, but Steve’s system isn’t interested in water, although the coughing subsides temporarily as he’s distracted by the idea of Tony having a unit for drinkable water installed in the armor.
Steve closes his eyes and brings the arc reactor in close, next to his chest. There’s an itchiness in his throat, and Steve thumps his chest as he coughs. The uncomfortable prickling grows, and Steve heaves another dry cough, resorting to gripping his throat as he feels whatever it is begin to dislodge.
“Avengers!” Steve called into the comms. There wasn't even static, anymore. How bad had the time anomalies gotten? They hadn't heard a word, and, shit, what were they thinking,
Tony tilted his head, and now Steve thought he might vibrate out of his skin if Tony kept him waiting. Surely, Tony couldn’t be that cruel when turning down a proposal.
“A week. No, make it two weeks. At first, I thought I was just being forgetful, but it's more than coincidence at this point.”
“You—you really need to learn some respect,” Steve said, shifting uncomfortably, although it wasn't like Tony didn't
“You two some of those wanna-be superheroes? The hell, don't use my alleyway to change into your get-ups. Have some decency!”
He hadn’t left the penthouse all day, and there was a company gym on the lower floors. He’d scared the living daylights out of the employees there the one time he’d gone and broken most of their sub-par equipment. He couldn't tell if Tony had been displeased or not at the time. He hoped he was this time.
Steve stared at him, unblinking. He half-expected Tony to break into a grin, talk about how stupid Steve’s face looked, and then Steve would have to punch him, for making such an awful joke. Worse, Tony looked gentle, like it was Steve who needed comfort.
Tony sighed. “I think so. I’m imagining a lovely, vintage red wine, and my mind isn’t revolting at the idea, so I think that spell’s over.”
Steve had assumed that marriage meant never tiring of the other person’s presence, but reality hadn’t shaped up to his fantasies. Tony would insist on his time alone in the workshop or his office, calling Steve’s presence too loud. Even Steve couldn’t be around Tony all the time. Sometimes, in his darker moments, he wondered if they were doing it wrong. Maybe Tony was right, that they both came on too strong, that they were both too damn stubborn to compromise for the rest of their lives.
Rogers caught his shield, aiming for a split second before hurling it again. Steve shifted, grimacing. Rogers should— would normally—run after it, putting his body to good use. A shield in constant motion on the battlefield.
People did, however, get noticed when they got past several layers of Reed's security systems. Tony had the benefit of working with Reed on the building defenses in their home universe, and while his personal touch was missing here, he understood enough of Reed's mindset to get much further than, he presumed, anyone else did.
“I can’t imagine it gets much worse than this,” said Steve, leaning forward to swiftly kiss the knuckles of Tony's fingers.
It was still a lot of skin, Steve thought, averting his eyes. It wasn't like he hadn't seen more in the gym locker room, so it really shouldn't bother him. Maybe he should put in a word for the campus dress code, but he supposed he didn't have room to talk. He still wore his Capwolf costume around when he felt like it, and it was a long time from Halloween.
“If I had Thor waiting for me, I never would have bothered bringing you home.” Tony’s voice was strained, and a rush of ugly satisfaction came with it. Good, Steve thought. Tony should stew in his embarrassment. He clearly never felt enough of it to prevent him from doing idiotic, thoughtless things, not if his dick was too busy giving its input. “No, it’s Cap, can’t you tell?”
Tony exhaled through his nostrils. “Okay,” he said, and his chest heaved under Steve's knee.
“No, and good for you, we know more about timestreams now, enough to get you home.” That got a reaction out of Rogers, a slight, quick grin. Steve continued. “The question before that is who brought you here, and why.”
Steve scrambled over the edge of the couch, sprinting for his shield. He leaped half the room to grab it, nearly slamming against the wall in his attempt to spin around and throw it. The shield clipped the vampire on the leg as it opened the door, and it stumbled, revealing bright, green scales where it'd been nicked. But it righted itself as Steve dove to stop it, and the door swung back, smacking Steve on the forehead and leaving him seeing stars.
“Anything for my favorite Captain.” Which was complete bullshit, everyone who'd ever met him knew who Tony's favorite Captain was.
“You? Really?” Tony put his hands on Steve's hips. “Why'd you put it in such a crappy spot?”
Steve stood up, sighing. “I'm sorry, but I think it's about time we contact the Reed Richards of this world.”
“You’re the one who kissed me,” Steve muttered.
“...I'm not lonely.”
The fridge and pantry are completely stocked. Steve tries to imagine Natasha making grocery runs fit to feed an army.
“Maybe it's because of DNA samples on your clothing?”
Steve’s eyes are locked onto his, and Tony can’t look away. He hasn’t ever been able to deny the full force of Steve’s attention the rare moments he has it. He watches as Steve gulps, the action rippling down his throat, his Adam’s apple bobbing.
Tony looked sharply at Steve, who was smiling in disbelief, eyes wet.
“Okay, what the
“Forget him. You knew exactly why I brought you up here, and I don’t have the patience to coddle you and your little stint of self-doubt.” Tony pulled on Richard’s hand and, with a last glance at Steve, led him out of sight. Straight to Tony’s bedroom, right—right in front of Steve.
Steve couldn’t do either.
“They’ll be fine.” A few seconds later, Tony ducks his head and shrugs his shoulders. “I don’t know what I’d do if I saw them now, before we do all this. I don’t know how I was able to do it before. If I saw Morgan now, would I really be able to leave? Maybe I’d just say fuck it, and then I’d take them and disappear. Way to let everyone down, huh?”
Sunlight glinted off the face of the photo frame. Steve angled it, and the light washed out the details of the smiling faces in the frame. He had the sudden urge to run his thumb along the edge, but he didn’t.
” Jan said, her face a healthy pink. She always drank, to the point that if she didn’t have to, she took offense.
Steve smiled, although he didn’t drink either. His Ma hated having her photo taken.
“Ah, no. I wouldn’t help Loki if I didn’t have a death wish,” Thor said.
A Hydra agent got a lucky shot, veering Rogers's shield off-course with a bullet. Rogers flinched and blocked a punch with his forearm instead of weaving away. Tony zipped down, catching the shield and hurling it back. Rogers hammered the next few people in his path with the shield, until the rest crowded around him a distance away. Tony looked over at Rogers before blasting the Hydra at a distance.
He couldn't tell him. No matter what Rogers did, if he was already an Avenger, then his old partner had already been the Winter Soldier for decades past.
Tony threw the covers off, getting to his feet, when he heard something clatter to the floor. He spun around.
Steve sighed and put his head down on Tony’s shoulder. “This is definitely not what training's supposed to be like.”
“I haven’t been in that shithole for a while. I’ve been living with Jan,” Steve said and swallowed down his guilt at living in sin. Even if Tony was the last person who would ever judge him for it. “But we…aren’t together anymore.”
He and Jan ended up at the mansion, right across the street from Central Park, with the rooftop pool and a training gym mid-construction. He and Tony had spent a week here after they’d married. A change of pace, Tony had teased him, and had done up the master bedroom with rose petals scattered over the bed, a plethora of scents that had made Steve’s nose itch, and a dizzying assortment of tools and toys that Steve had never heard of, let alone used, even after months of dating Tony. Their secret honeymoon had no dazzling beaches or warm, clear water, but Tony had left things to Pepper for the week and stayed with Steve, uninterrupted, so it was perfect.
Steve's never found a challenge he couldn't take, so he grabbed Tony's shoulder and hauled him in.
“I wasn’t trying to make fun of it!” Steve sighed. “I just…didn’t want to lose.”
Steve swallows thickly, and his throat tightens like he’d forgotten he’d need to carry out a conversation with Tony. “Among other things, yeah. What are you doing here?”
“It’s okay.” Steve doesn’t know how he could have managed for these past few days, being so close to Tony all the time without Natasha here. She’s the only one who knows, and he can’t be grateful enough for her quiet support.
Steve didn't reply.
It wasn't nearly the same grapple that Steve had used on Tony. He'd relied on his superior physical strength to help pin Tony down, but who needed brawn when you were a supergenius? One of Steve's legs was down on the mat, and the other had been forced over Tony's shoulder. Tony leaned his other shoulder against Steve's arm. He grinned, and sweat ran down his face.
“Hey,” Steve said back, and leaned his face back, expectant. Tony kissed him obligingly, before sitting down on the couch beside Steve.
“Cap. I hope it doesn’t have to come to this. Or, I hope if you do have to see this, that the fight’s won. We can go home now, and I’ll be the last one to ever have to call you Cap. That’s one thing I wanted to tell you, if this is the last thing you’ll ever hear from me. The things I have to say…is shorter than I would have liked it to be. Because let me tell you, I have no idea what to say to you, when you’re not right in front of me, radiating all those…team leader, Earth’s mightiest heroes vibes.” Tony waves a hand around and looks to the side. “Team, huh? And I hate to say it. We all found out we’d been working with Hydra unknowingly, and SHIELD was gone. But that little bit, before Ultron. That was a lot of fun. The Avengers gig wasn’t supposed to be fun. We were supposed to finish the fight, and go home. But then I couldn’t be that annoying little voice in your ear. And I know we fight alongside a god, and a genius who breaks the square-cube law when he’s pissed, and we picked up some space cyborgs and Supergirl in the process. But, you made this real, first. You—took charge, like you do, and I felt a little less alone in this vast universe of ours.”
Also, anything in this story that bears even the slightest resemblance to anything seen in Civil War is pure coincidence. This story was written before any scene/snippet of dialogue from CW had even been released.
He rolled his eyes and huffed again, and he shoved his bag at Steve then did as the nurse suggested. He stood there a moment and waited for the digital readout to complete, and when it did—
"Yeah, like I said, just tell them—"
Steve didn't think it was possible to have such a mess.
"Morning sickness?" Bruce said with a frown, and Tony dropped the slice of toast.
No, that wasn't fair. Barnes hadn't killed his mother. In the few months that he'd been living there with them, Tony wasn't even sure if he'd seen the man kill a fly. Was he making up for past mistakes? Was he purposely attempting not to take one step out of line for fear of being handed over to the authorities?
He didn't know how long he sat there crying. Longer than he'd ever admit to himself, probably, but once he'd been able to wrestle control of his emotions again, he snuffled and wiped away the last vestiges of discomfort and said, "OK, J, where were we?"
"What?" Pepper asked like she was asking him to clarify something. "Steve," he murmured.
She chewed her lip some and narrowed her eyes. "I know what Steve looks like when he's faking happiness," she said. "Those few months after he came out of the ice — when he was trying to convince everyone he was fine and he didn't need to talk to anyone—"
body evidently hadn't seen any surgeries, so he left that blank as well then moved onto the section about 'family history,' which was pretty easy. Just his parents, both of whom were deceased through no
He thought about it and said, "Honestly, never occurred to me. I was kind of hoping to get through this without anyone knowing. But now that you mention it— I don't know that it's such a good idea."
-kissing was just gross — Cap met his eyes and, with the woman from the other side of the portal warning him yet again, said, "I always wanted to learn how to dance. Teach me how to dance."
Tony stared at Steve for a few seconds before he smiled, and he shook his head a little then put a hand up to Steve's face and cupped his cheek.
"Eh," he said with a shrug. "A little too close to home for my comfort. I mean, would it be easier to get onto the elevator and go back up to the penthouse right afterward? Sure, but—"
"I'm Tony Stark," he reiterated, almost annoyed that this proclamation hadn't gotten him the uproar the last one had.
walking over to the door and staring blankly as someone just about to enter the shop stopped and stood back, holding the door open for him to exit. He blinked and said a somewhat confused, "Thank you?" before he stepped back out to the street and went back over to the car.
"Moustache-twirling McEvil-Doer."
He frowned. "Shall we what?"
Tony arched an eyebrow. "Is there a difference?"
those scars in this one, and I don't know why. But anyway my parents? I don't know. They died in a car accident. My father liked to hit the bottle once the clock struck nine every morning. Beyond that, I couldn't tell you."
Steve opened his eyes and frowned at Tony, but Tony just dipped his finger in the come again and stuck it in his mouth.
Tony that you seem so excited to meet—"
There was a reason Tony reminded him so much of Howard.
Tony wasn't entirely sure, but he went along with it, anyway, and later that afternoon, after he'd made the arrangements for dinner at eight that evening and texted Steve with the details, telling him the reservations were made under the name 'Natasha Carbonell,' he let Natasha dress him up and paint his face like he was a doll for her to play with, and she wouldn't let him look in the mirror until she was done.
Well, not too much. Look, he'd been on the rebound, was missing Tony like crazy, and there was a weird and masochistic part of him that thought he deserved nothing more than whatever weird shit Schmidt had planned for him. Candle wax burned like a bitch, as it turned out.
"Yeah, that's where they're running into trouble," Barton said as he produced a tablet. "They can't get them back. In some cases, they're completely fried. Some smaller substations here and there that seemed to escape, but they don't have the capacity to power the entire grid." He swiped his finger to show Steve something. "Lucky for us, all of New York City is completely off."
He lay down on his side, grimacing a bit as he tried to get into a comfortable position, and he huffed and sighed a bit and waited for Steve to get back so he could complain to him.
Steve's stomach made a wretched sound as soon as Tony said this, and he cringed and hoped Tony hadn't heard it, but Tony just glanced at his abdomen and said, "Guess that half-a-hot-chocolate wasn't enough to hold you over, was it?"
Steve inhaled a sharp breath through his nose, and he set his jaw and glanced up to make the acquaintance of the gray-haired man standing above them, a glass of champagne in his hand and an air of pretension stinking up the place. He had a sort of professorial look about him, educated but somehow having learned the wrong lessons from it or cynical enough to exploit the wrong things to the detriment of others from it.
Because Tony was both rich as well as a genius, he decided that too much television was no good for his little Nobel Prize winner — or whatever she chose to do with her life; he wasn't going to push her down a path she didn't want to go, and even if she wanted to be an exotic dancer… OK, that would be something they'd have to talk about — and according to Bruce, she'd mentioned her enjoyment of drawing. Tony didn't have anything in the penthouse or in the workshop that would suffice, but he knew Cap had some art supplies on hand — he'd bought them for the man himself, and because he was rich, he would totally pay to replace whatever he and Olivia used — so he scooped Olivia up into his arms and said, "Come on, kiddo. We're going to go find you some paper and some crayons."
"And you're
"When Steve gets back, you're going to tell him, and you two are going to figure out how you're going to go about this, understand?" She shot a look at Bruce. "Though if you scare him as much as you've scared Tony, I think I can guess what he'll say."
"It's the modern look. Kind of a far cry from the white porcelain you're used to, yeah?"
He shrugged. "What's the point? Steve—"
Pepper's face went pale, her mouth parting slightly in shock and disbelief, and she stammered out a few non-responses until she was able to get out, "How could—? Why even—? But
Steve nodded again, this time seemingly sated by the answer, and without putting on his seat belt —
It was as he was browsing the headlines for the day's news that he felt eyes on him, and he shot a surreptitious glance to his left and saw two women sitting several tables away (along with another one that was completely oblivious), trying to hide behind their food as they stared at him. He had a sneaking suspicion they were the same two from the bathroom, but not wanting to cause a scene (no, seriously), he continued to look over his phone as he waited for Steve to arrive with his bounty. But he could still feel their stares burning a hole into his temple, and forgetting his previous promise, he turned to them, petulant, lips pursed into a tight smile, and tilted his head as though to ask a bitchy, "
"I really don't think I have any more…of that…than any other fella."
"Steve?" he said and opened his eyes as he looked up to his husband. Yep, that was his voice.
"Not good," Hill said as she looked at her tablet again. "They can't predict when they'll get the power back on." She looked up at Steve and then Tony. "Could be days."
"Seriously," Tony said and looked around at the other three. "Why do you people spend so much time here?"
"No," she conceded, "but sometimes the ends justify the means. I believe you're
He'd thought Peggy was his first and last chance at a real family life, and then Tony had happened. Tony and his manic ways and his brilliant mind and his generous heart. He'd agreed to a date with Tony, which had turned into another date and then another, and then before he knew what was happening, they were living together, and he was asking Tony to marry him at two- forty-seven in the morning after Tony had spent the past forty-two hours on an inventing spree. He'd consigned himself to not having children at that point not because of Tony or because of the fact that he was in a relationship with a man but because they were both Avengers and it was a dangerous business they were in. There were no guarantees in life — Steve could definitely attest to that — and there was no guarantee that he or Tony would always come back. Well, more he might not come back. So long as there was breath in his body, Tony would make it back from the field.
These…were not words he thought he would ever say about himself.
"OK, well, you probably know who we are already," Tony said by way of opening, "but, uh, I'm Tony, and this is Steve—" he nodded his head toward the man sitting behind him, "—and this, uh…" He rubbed his hands over his belly. "Well, I thought most first-time parents didn't find this out until, you know, the kid pops out, so, uh, not one hundred percent certain, but we're pretty sure this is little James Steven—"
," Tony stressed, "not biggest pain in our ass."
Though Barnes
"And they're not half-bad at it," Steve said then nudged Tony a little bit. "Go on. Make a wish and blow out the candles."
The guy just grinned and stood up, taking hold of Tony's hand to lead the way down the steps and toward the dance floor. Tony grit his teeth and tried to walk without stumbling too much, and he made it down the steps and to the hot, sweaty floor without making too much of an idiot out of himself.
Steve nodded yet again but said, "Well, it doesn't matter. She might not be that Olivia, but she's still our Olivia."
Whatever it was, if he was being honest with himself, it had given him just the tiniest glimmer of hope that he couldn't even admit to himself let alone anyone else.
"Just fucking plow me, Steve. You never had any issues with it before."
Well, wasn't that convenient?
Tony was back to avoiding his gaze. "Whatever. Look, Steve, I already said water under the bridge. It's in the past. No sense in hashing it over now."
"It was not all a waste," she said. "In fact, there were parts that you enjoyed, were there not? And if you were to turn back, there would be many parts you would miss."
"Why?"
Not that he was that egotistical that he thought Steve should spend his time talking about nothing but the man or woman or whatever the fuck he was that Steve claimed was the love of his life. But it might have been nice to have
Steve looked up in horror. "What?
"To a point."
why you want to know how much longer it's going to be."
"Tony.
"Yeah, well, you don't really need to do it that way, do you?" He nodded at the stirrups. "And I mean, you want to talk about lack of consent."
It was like all the air had been sucked out of the room at that, and Steve just stared at him, sad- eyed.
"Cool," Bucky sniffed with a snorted laugh. "Even I know what that means nowadays. I don't think you do."
"Huh?" he said and made a disgusted face as he tossed the offending clothes aside. "You want me to dress like I normally dress?"
, she claims to have bonded this parasite's life with mine so that if I in any way try to get rid of it, I'll kill myself, too."
"What about them?"
God, what that implied about them—! He closed his eyes and tried very, very hard not to think about touching Tony's body in the ways he'd been imagining since he'd first woken up. And not just his face or his shoulders or his torso but...other places. Below the waist. Places that went hard and rigid and leaked fluid if worked just the right—
Tony thought about this then shrugged a little and said, "Well,
How long have you been in this relationship?
Olivia cried out in delight and slid off Tony's lap. She went over to Bruce and grabbed his hand and said, "Come on, Unca Bruce! We'll play fetch!"
He led Tony out of the ballroom, and by the time they got to the elevator bank, they were blissfully alone. Steve hit the 'up' button, and as they stood there and waited, Tony pushed closer to Steve and nestled his head against his shoulder, closing his eyes as he forced himself to forget about the very real horrors that might await them at some further time.
Barnes looked up at him, and Tony winced at the haunted horror he saw staring back at him. "I killed him."
with a girl, just… I think a boy would be easier for both of us, don't you?"
. I'm
Tony nodded a moment, mentally parsing his words, and he finally said, "So…we're so annoying we're the only two people that could put up with each other?"
Steve's lips twitched in a small smile. "Four."
But the Red Witch just smiled, and she set her pen down and said, "I know why you are here. The King has not yet sired an heir, and you wish to know if there is anything I can do about that."
, because we're both, you know,
"Like you wouldn't believe. God, I hope that doesn't make me a pervert."
"Honestly," Steve said after Bucky had gone, "I'm not sure that it does count."
She reached out and put her hands to either side of his belly, and a wide, happy smile broke out over her exquisite face. "I can feel her moving… Wow! She—" She looked up and met Tony's eyes. "Does it hurt? I mean, she's really active, isn't she?"
"Not quite the same thing, though."
Startled by being addressed by name, he sat back away from Tony only the slightest and said a very dignified, "Uh..." and looked around for signage, his brain somehow having shorted out at that moment. "Water Street," he said, remembering his last position.
Natasha just nodded at his chest. "Nice cleavage, Stark."
"OK, babe?" He reached out and settled his hands at Steve's waist. "Don't promise me anything you can't fulfill, all right? You're reckless. It's in your nature. I knew that going into this. I'm not going to ask you to change. If you want to change for yourself, that's fine. That's the best way to change. But don't feel like you have to change for me. Don't change for me. Don't be something you're not just for my sake. You'll just make both of us miserable. Yes, we're a family. We're parents. We have a daughter. Yes, I would like you to live to see her grow up and be successful and maybe even get married and have a family of her own. But don't try to change who you are because you think it's something I want or something you
the one that left the note with the receipt shaming them for putting a table next to the kitchen doors?"
over saving the world. He knew no matter what horrible or debilitating thing he was going through he could never bring himself to do that, but there would always be a part of him that had wished he had — just once.
"Wait, no, it doesn't
— like he could feel deep in his bones that this
"Tony?" Ella asked, confusion drenching her voice.
"The door was clearly closed. It was an invasion of privacy."
He grabbed some clothes from the drawer and went into the bathroom to freshen up, showering off the remnants of last night's activities in full, noting the bruises on his thighs, bruises that looked a lot like fingerprints. He touched his fingers to the purplish marks and remembered the way Steve had gripped his thighs as he pushed him apart and licked his slit, fondling with his tongue and making Tony writhe in pleasure. He shivered at the memory, his abdominals lurching, and before he knew it, his hand had trailed up to those extremities in question, and though still sore from last night's fucking, he began to work himself with his fingers, bracing against the shower wall and remembering the way Steve had taken him, had forced pleasure through him, had given him the most mind-blowing orgasm he'd ever experienced. He rubbed his clit, thought about the way Steve had growled at him to touch himself, the way Steve had found some magical spot buried within him and forced him to take it, to writhe with it, to breathe Steve's name out like he was his own personal god and Steve had just given him salvation.
"Haven't yet," he said then turned to Sam and said, "And fuck you,
bring out the claws against Tony in ways they hadn't been able to previously).
Steve noticed there were a few droplets falling from the sky as they went over to Tony's car, parked beneath a streetlamp no doubt as a means of deterring anyone that might be looking to steal it under the cover of dark. Steve stood on the passenger side and watched as Tony frowned and felt over his pockets then bent down over the driver's side window and peered in.
better than before. Such a good girl. You're such a good girl, Antonia. God, you're so beautiful."
"That's putting it mildly," he murmured and looked at himself as Steve had seen him in those early days of being a woman and being pregnant.
"How, uh, how long do you think it'll take Pepper to finish packing up? And do you have any suggestions for how to keep Tony Stark's four-year-old from getting too bored?"
He nodded his understanding but stayed quiet. Tony was right, in a way. Bucky wouldn't want him to spend the rest of his life crying over him, no, but it
." He didn't mean to practically spit out the last one, but he did, and it felt oh-so-good to do so.
He made to stand up, but Bruce put his arms out to him as though to stop him and said, "Uh, you usually have to fast for twelve hours before they draw blood."
"It wasn't always illegal. Buck and I would go listen to the bands play. Sometimes we hung out with them afterwards. They always had some on them."
But he just shrugged again and said, "What do you want me to say, Steve? I'm not going to win this one. I know I'm not going to win this one. I'm stuck in this fucking building until everything goes back to normal — and I don't know how we're going to explain everything that's happened once it does, but that's a problem for Future Tony, I guess."
was starting to become a little too uncomfortably commonplace in his life — he sat down at the kitchen island and helped himself to some eggs and sausage and pancakes (and when he went to reach for the coffee carafe, some traitor shoved a glass of orange juice into his hand), and he stabbed a piece of all three with a fork and shoved the bite in his mouth then grumbled about how this wasn't fair and it was discrimination and something about how they'd understand if
Tony frowned at him. "Huh?"
Steve picked up a shaker of green sugar and began to sprinkle it over the cookies, taking care to sprinkle it evenly and uniformly.
"It's a little late to send out Christmas cards, I suppose, but whatever. Fuck those Russian spies, we're still the hottest couple on the team."
He didn't, but he didn't really feel like dragging this conversation out any longer. Steve would do his best to try to convince Tony of how he felt, but Tony would know that the entire time he was with Tony he was thinking about getting back to hanging out with
"You didn't think it was a 'muscle spasm,'" Steve murmured, but Tony ignored him.
Steve just kissed him again and rubbed his belly some. He rested his hand a moment then said a quiet and awed, "He's moving."
He did so, and Steve pushed back into his mouth, tip of his prick hitting the back of his throat, and Tony grunted and tried to relax his throat to allow Steve to push in further, and Steve said, "This is the first one," only moments before his rhythm became jerky and irregular, and he came in Tony's mouth.
have a choice, but—"
"Look, man, I know you're embarrassed," Wilson said, "but the proof that you have sex slaps every single one of us in the face every time Tony walks into a room. And if Tony seems to think you're the best he's ever had—"
Steve stopped what he was doing, and he turned back to Tony, and, taking in what little he could see in the dark, he simply said, "You need a hand?"
"Well, as a matter of fact—" Tony started to say, but Steve shook his head and folded his arms, cutting off his words with that damned 'Cap' voice of his.
Tony grinned. "You're not looking, Steven."
Tony rolled his eyes. "Whatever. Look, I'm not saying we should stock up on a full wardrobe and an entire toy room, and I'm not saying we even have to do it
He was about to remark that it was but one more thing he'd missed out on, but he decided not to spoil the mood.
"Oh," Barnes said, seemingly for lack of anything else to say, and Tony stood there as Steve hummed and nuzzled into his neck a little more then stood up and said to Barnes, "Come back to cabin with us — just for a little while. You don't have to stay, if you don't want."
Steve put his hands to either side of Tony's face and held him there, gently, stroking his thumbs against Tony's cheekbones like Tony was the most precious thing in the world to him.
"What, the Scandinavia of Asgard?" Steve asked.
They stood there in Bruce's lab for several quiet moments before Bruce seemed to sum up the courage to speak.
He watched as Steve contemplated this, his gaze a little fuzzy and distant, before he shook his head and said, "Gonna have a lot of people that won't believe it regardless."
"I mean vaguely, like, obviously not exactly. Steve's kind of blonde and bluish-eyed and you're clearly not. But you're like a dark-haired version of him."
"Listen, you crazy, crazy man—" He let go of Tony's shoulders and cradled Tony's face in his hands, one hand delicately cupping either side of his jaw, his fingers curled behind his ears and his thumbs brushing Tony's cheekbones. "I— If I had to do it all over again — if Loki or some other crackpot sent me back in time tomorrow and gave me the choice to either crash that plane and spend seventy years in the ice or stay and live out the rest of my days in the era I thought I was supposed to, I'd climb right back into that plane without a backwards glance.
"Thanks," he said, unsure if Barton was being sincere of if it was a setup of some kind. Barton just shrugged and took another sip of his drink. Huh, evidently, he was being sincere.
Thor's face folded into a frown, but he didn't remove his hand from Steve's shoulder. "You are a great deal more than that. You are a trusted and wise leader, but you are also a good friend and a cherished husband and father. Your Anthony and your Olivia Louise are lucky to have such a man as you."
Tony glanced up at Steve to see if he believed that to be the case, and when Steve nodded his approval at him, Tony sighed and did what was instructed of him, closing his eyes and telling himself it would all be over soon.
Tony hummed in consideration of Bruce's words and handed over the portrait of Steve's mother. Again, Natasha unfolded it and looked at the photo therein, and Barton tilted his head a little in consideration of it and said, "Kinda looks like his mother, too."
Tony nodded and stared at the baby a few more moments before he succumbed to the feeling of Steve's gaze boring into him, and he looked up and met Steve's eyes. Almost immediately, Steve's mouth was on his, and Tony kissed his husband hard, wet, fast, tongues and teeth and saliva and want because their little adventure was at an end, and they were back to the way the world expected them to be.
"You may think that, Captain, but I assure you that is not the case."
"You're full of shit," he grumbled, "and how do you even know this? What, they teach you this in super-secret spy school?"
"You're a menace and an embarrassment to your kind," Tony called out to him.
right here and now, and you don't—"
"Say again?"
Natasha frowned reached out a hand to his arm. "Oh, honey," she murmured and squeezed his arm in a gentle and comforting manner.
He moved away from the window, stepping around the large, lighted evergreen and the massive pile of presents underneath it. He made headway into the kitchen, Tony's earnest attempt at making cookies greeting him in arrival. He was at the island counter, flour and cookie sheets and other implements of destruction spread around him, and Steve called out a cheerful, "Need any help?"
"Alone?" she said with a slight laugh, her tone warm and teasing, and Tony groaned as he realized he'd said that aloud. "What makes you think you're alone? Are you ever alone? Is there ever
had been the thing to do that for him.
"Um, do you not want—?"
It seemed odd, maybe, that she would choose to bring up Howard, and it was something that made him sadly realize yet again that she was from an alternate universe because he would have assumed he'd have drilled it into his kids' heads that Howard Stark was what they called 'off limits.'
Well, Steve had knocked him up, and Steve had some of that super serum floating around his super veins — presumably — so there was a slim possibility that the serum was now floating around
"Oh! Well, you don't hear that too often nowadays!" she said with a laugh before the light changed and she was on her way.
"Why?" Steve asked and, once he'd felt Tony was settled enough, sat himself down in the adjacent chair.
Tony sniffled and nodded, dabbing at the corners of his eyes because — goddamn it — he was
Tony continued to stare at him, and Barnes shrugged and said, "They may call it the 'miracle of life,' but it's kind of gross just from a spectator perspective. And…they really are kind of ugly when they first come out. Sorry."
"Tolerate it, Steven. I tolerate it."
"You'll never be free. You know that, right? Never be your own man. Never be under your own control. All I have to say are the magic words, and this delusion that you have — that you can rejoin the world, that the world would even want you — will be nothing but a forgotten memory."
He almost jumped out of his skin at Steve's sleep-strained question, and unwilling to admit to being caught out, he swallowed and pulled his hand away from his mouth and said a shaky, "Nothing, babe. Go back to sleep."
"Look, it's nothing— It's not that freaky, all right?"
Which was totally OK, he'd promised Tony time and again.
"Yes," Steve said with a laugh. "Are you crazy? I've..." He grimaced a little and reached up to rub the back of his neck. "Honestly, I've kind of been hoping for a while now you'd feel that way."
Steve gave him a funny look like he wasn't sure how to take Tony's comment, and Tony smiled a little and shrugged then turned to look out the window to watch the passing scenery and traffic of Midtown. It was only a moment before he felt another hand slide over his abdomen and give it a gentle rub, and then there were warm, soft lips pressing against the exposed flesh at the crook of his neck.
"You don't know that—"
Barnes was looking at him, slightly confused, like he wasn't quite sure what to make of the situation.
"I noticed," Esmeralda chimed in, "you didn't say who you
"Tony, I really wish you would—"
She'd supported Howard's efforts to locate Steve to the best of her ability, knowing it was part of a life that had predated her and knowing how important Steve had been to Howard, but even she'd grown wary of what she'd felt was Howard's lost cause. Once, he'd even caught her chastising Howard for, once again, comparing the great Captain to his worthless son that would never be able to live up to that greatness.
Natasha stroked his hair some more. "Why don't you get some sleep? She's napping. They say you're supposed to nap when they're napping."
He hummed a little and practically purred into Steve's ear, "Well, we were so
"I don't want to just try to make it up to you. I want to—"
"Yeah. It's a very Steve-y smell."
Olivia groaned and looked up at him from where she sat by Rhodey. Evidently, she'd been showing all of her 'pitchers' to him. "Oh, Papa! I don't wanna! 'm not sleepy!"
Tony stared at him a moment then said, "Your 'gramps' threw David Welch out onto the street."
But the collection of devious friends and comrades sitting there in the living room just exchanged little smiles with each other before Natasha said, "Nothing. Don't worry about it. We're just trying to imagine you two being all traditional and conventional."
He adjusted his position somewhat to try and find a comfortable spot, and as the other Commandos quietly sang an off-key rendition of one of Bing Crosby's Christmas hits, Steve drifted off into a lonely, fitful sleep.
"Seriously?" Steve said again, directing his question to the people in the room
— would have thought bringing a child into this crazy tower was a great idea was beyond him.
But Steve, shoulders heavy with anguish, just gave Tony the most pleading look he'd ever seen. "Tony,
Steve winced away from him. "What?"
you can do is help me get it out. After all, you are my 'soul mate.'"
"We're still working out the kinks," Tony said. "OK anyway, uh—" he blew out a breath that sounded like a raspberry, "—our story. Uh— I mean, it's not really that unusual. The standard, you know. Crazy space goddess turns you into a woman for her own amusement because she's delusional as well as crazy and, well, we're the assholes that forgot to use a condom."
"Well, um,
"We know whose handwriting this is?" she asked, holding up the photo to show Tony the pencil markings on the back.
"—and I know how…sensitive you are to people taking your picture," Barton continued.
"Goddess," Steve muttered. He didn't care what she'd been able to do to Tony. She wasn't a goddamned goddess. "Swell. I don't see how she can help."
When Natasha and Pepper had finally finished, and Tony was able to join the other two back in the living room, Rhodey looked down at his watch and said, "You sure you're ready, Tones? You have, like, thirteen minutes left."
Barton just smiled like he knew something Tony didn't and took a sip of his drink. Whatever. Barton was just a fucking idiot.
Hill tweaked a bemused smile at him. "Depends on which station you watch."
He glanced away from Steve's sharp gaze and blinked a batch of tears down his cheeks. He reached up and brushed them away, and Steve murmured, "Jeez, I didn't mean to make you cry."
He sighed and sat back in his chair. "Sadly, no. This body is one hundred percent female, which is great for some things and horrible for others. I can't pee standing up, but holy shit, I thought people — and by 'people' I mean 'science' — exaggerated that women have better phalangeal dexterity than men, but turns out, it's totally true. I may not be as strong physically, but working on stuff is
Tony popped the lid on the iron and pulled the waffle out onto a plate. "Any chance Hydra shot their load on this one, and they'll just crawl back to whatever demonic hole they came from and never be heard again?"
"That's OK. We'll manage," he replied and then nudged his knee in between Tony's legs. "Spread your legs like a good girl, Antonia," he said.
Ty. Tiberius Stone. Fuck, talk about the last name he ever wanted to hear mentioned again.
Steve nodded, and Tony leaned forward and pressed his forehead against Steve's temple and closed his eyes.
Fuck, he hated himself sometimes.
The guy stopped cold, and he pulled back a little and directed his gaze down to Tony's crotch, like he was perhaps trying to see the outline of hidden junk. But Tony just grinned and said, "It's called 'tucking,' big boy. So, do you want to be in the middle? I know how to treat my bottoms
"Wait, you
Steve motioned to the little girl in his arms that was pretending to talk into the earpiece of the little red receiver of her telephone. "Well, I mean, she looks like you. Well, a blonde you. Did you have blonde hair as a kid?"
-sounding or something. Maybe. I don't know."
"Technically, that's what he is," Barton said with an easy shrug.
Steve shivered again but set a pointed gaze on Tony. "Don't you ever,
"Oh, my god! Stop! You are never going to get a date with Captain America!"
"Peachy."
Tony exhaled a breath and shook his head. "You have no idea what you're getting yourself into." "I think I can take it."
He hadn't expected Steve to change his mind about that, but he was hoping it wouldn't sit so sourly in his stomach to hear it again.
technically her mother, right?"
"But they don't know that, Tony! They don't know it's you. They only know that Tony Stark hasn't been seen
"Yeah, well, to
Tony didn't remember exactly what happened after that, but he was pretty sure Steve did have to carry him back upstairs and put him to bed.
Steve could only sigh, and against his better judgment, he did as Tony suggested, climbing up the stairs and making headway to the nursery where he'd last seen Olivia.
taking a birth class! I'm putting my foot down. I went along with that stupid doctor's appointment when I
"What the hell was that?" Tony muttered while Steve said, "
"Yeah? It's 'cause he was engineered to be that way," he muttered and sat up on the edge of the cushion. He rubbed his neck and made a face at the ache that remained, and he tried to think if there was any sort of aspirin or other over-the-counter analgesic on hand.
But Rhodey just shook his head a little and said, "But it looks so familiar…" before he shrugged and headed out to the store for Olivia's juice.
He set it down and picked up the next one, one of the two remaining that was in a little pocket folder of some kind. He unfolded the two flaps and took in the serious yet soft look of what could only be Sarah Rogers. She was in uniform, a nurse's cap and blouse, light hair pinned back and barely the hint of makeup visible on her face. The photographer's name was scrolled in gold at the bottom right corner of the folder, and Tony brushed his thumb over it as he looked over the picture of the woman that was Steve's mother. She was pretty, a little serious-looking, but with a presumed maternal quality about her that came through a ninety-year-old sepia-toned matte photograph.
an episode of
girls that never had time for a man."
"And yet, you had no problem choosing a boy's name but can't agree on what to call it if it's a girl."
"Not in the important ways. Howard was selfish. Howard was always in it for himself. That's what… I thought you were the same way when I first met you. I thought you were in it for yourself the same way Howard was but you didn't even have the humility to know pain and suffering. Howard had worked his way up. He was selfish, but he'd made his fortune himself. I thought you were just his spoiled brat of a son that had just had the fortune of being born into the right family. But I was wrong. You're not like him — not in those ways. Yes, you're both flashy, and you both love attention, and you both love to build. But you care. You care so much. You only want to do what's right. You want to be more than just the…Merchant of Death. You want to give life, create life, build life, sustain life. And you already have. Look at JARVIS. Look at DUM-E— Don't even start with picking on poor DUM-E. You love them. They're like your children. You watch out for them, you care for them, you protect them. You rescued DUM-E out of a scrap heap and rebuilt him — not
. Trying to talk to you like this. I thought… I thought it would be—"
"Yeah. I mean, I guess in a way he wasn't wrong, but I was never that…
"So, what's on our agenda today?" he asked as he dipped another slice of bread in the mixture.
She nodded, and without a word, she moved over to an elegantly-arranged shelf filled with small glass vials and bottles filled with colorful liquids. She chose one of the smallest ones and took that into her grasp, and she picked up a small sachet tied with a ribbon. She carried them back over, and with a smile dancing on her lips, she said a very knowing, "I knew you would." She held up the small vial that was filled with an amber liquid. "Two drops of this into the King's wine every night for seven nights."
Bruce just tweaked a smile at him. "That'll be fine, Tony," he said and nodded at the box of tea. Tony raised an eyebrow at his complete avoidance of the question, but he turned and grabbed a mug out of the cupboard and filled it with water.
— and not just the family he had with the Avengers, but his own family, people to call 'his' and people to take care of and watch over and fight and defend and protect. Steve wanted it so badly he could probably taste it. He might have been nervous or scared or angry at the outset, but right now, at this moment in time, Steve was probably secretly fantasizing about the time to come when he'd be able to rock his little James Anthony to sleep.
real. This is… This is her."
He didn't have to be touching Steve to know he had stiffened at that remark.
"And then I let him know how damned fucking hot you are and how good you are in bed."
"Are you OK?"
Steve just shook his head once more. "No, not at all. I was just thinking you're very good— With her, I mean. You're kind of a natural."
"I am so confident in his wrongness that I've put up fifteen thousand dollars of my own money as collateral."
"My 401's chugging along nicely. And if not, there's always Social Security."
Ordinarily, Steve wouldn't think twice about standing and watching as Tony undressed himself for a scan. They'd been together for a year now. They'd slept together countless times. They were officially engaged. But somehow, this felt different, and he averted his gaze as the last of Tony's clothing was peeled from his skin, red briefs that he slid down lean, shapely legs and kicked aside with the under armor.
keep her. We have to figure out some way of getting her back where she belongs."
"Like a cold," Pepper muttered, and Tony knew his words had done nothing to put her at ease.
Finally! He knew this chatterbox would slip up at some point!
She scowled at him and folded her arms. "When am I gonna be older?"
"Not even for Captain America?" Barnes asked, not even attempting to hide the humor in his voice.
"No," he said and turned around, "that's exactly how it works." He put his hand up in the air like he was measuring. "The current hierarchy of my concern runs my old man and my baby," he lowered his hand some, "Pepper and Rhodey and, by extension of Pepper, Happy," he made a motion like he was bottoming his hand out, "the rest of you losers."
"It's not going to kill him," Steve said, and Tony detected just a hint of anger — and challenge — in his voice.
"Stark?" Steve asked, finding that to be the first familiar thing he'd come across all day. "Like Howard Stark?"
seriously. He'd watched the way he'd thumbed his nose at every Congressional hearing he'd been forced to attend — like it was beneath him and he had better things to do with his time. One in particular stood out to him — the way he'd stared right into the camera and said something about how he could always be counted on to pleasure himself. And then there were the…other… videos he'd found. He wasn't sure he was supposed to. The fella at SHIELD that had given him the computer and the info had also given him explicit details on exactly which 'sites' were approved for visiting. Unsurprisingly, those didn't net him that much information — he had a feeling they were 'approved' in that they would tell him only what SHIELD wanted him to hear — and so he'd snuck off to the library and accessed the so-called 'world wide web' from the anonymity of a guest account (and with the aid of a very nice librarian), reading up on everything he could click on.
"Sure you want to chance it?"
"I don't know, kiddo—"
," Barton said. "
"'Cause I'm Captain America."
"She's, what, four? She's a kid. It's nine-thirty. Shouldn't she be in bed?"
cake littered in candles.
Yeah, OK, riding on Steve's motorcycle wasn't the
Bucky sighed out a groan. "And don't tell me. Happy — and what the hell kind of a name is 'Happy'? — is stopping by, too, and he's got a whole speech lined up about how great an opportunity it is to work at Stark Industries and how much of a privilege it is and how great the retirement package and the benefits are."
Barnes sniffed and nodded. "Yeah, well, Steve thought the world of his ma. She did whatever she could for him. Maybe wasn't much, but she still did what she could. You got a lot more money in the bank than she ever did, so at least his kid won't starve or freeze the way he did. Went to bed hungry a lot of nights. He ever tell you that? Too much fucking pride to admit it, but it was obvious. His kid's not gonna struggle for any of the shit he did, understand?"
It wasn't as chaste as the last kiss, Tony seemingly feeling much more confident now that they'd both brushed their teeth, and though knowing he was falling right into Hydra's trap, he opened his mouth, allowing Tony's tongue to slip in. Steve hadn't done much kissing in his life. There was that dame —
Steve sighed and held the clipboard out to him as though he expected Tony to take it right back. Tony just looked at it then looked at Steve and said, "Yeah, I don't like to be handed things."
to stay like this the rest of my life?"
Had killed his mother.
"Guess we're going to have to get used to this, huh, kiddo?" he muttered as he went into the kitchen to get himself a cup of coffee, Olivia tucked into the crook of his arm and Tony balancing her against his side with a maneuver he'd christened 'mom hip.' "Daddy taking off for god-knows- where at all hours, not showing up for days or weeks on end."
"Look, me being within twenty feet of that brat probably isn't in the best interests of either one of us right now. So, just…go get a swab and get back here. She probably just
But Olivia just hopped off DUM-E and padded over to Tony. "Papa, I'm hungry. Can we eat?"
Tony smacked the rolling pin down on the pile of dough and began to roll it out — or attempted to roll it out as half the dough seemed to stick the rolling pin, and Tony scowled and threw some more flour on the dough to try to remedy it. Steve watched him struggle for a moment before he said, "Please?"
That implied that some part of him wanted to do this again, to go through this again.
," Bruce said with a sigh. "You
“Roger that, Cap,” Tony said and followed him off. “Tony,” he said with a sigh, “don’t use my title when—”
" Hill asked, and Steve nodded when he understood what that implied.
Steve just smiled at him and brought his hands up to his mouth and pressed a kiss against his left set of knuckles and then his right, and Tony rolled his eyes at the gesture (that he did not secretly think was the sweetest thing ever) as Steve frowned and looked at the bruising on his right wrist — the bruising that had gone green and yellow. His face hardened a little, his jaw tense and his lips pursed, and he stared at the bruises a moment before he murmured a slightly self-hating, "Whoever did this to you should have his ass kicked."
"I'm sorry, Tony, it's better that way. Her office closes at five today, so we can go over and do it then."
"Yeah, I'm gonna go see if Wilson and Barnes have murdered each other yet," Barton murmured and presumably turned tail, leaving the kitchen at what sounded like breakneck speed.
Steve snorted a laugh and added with a bit of an abashed shrug, "Well, maybe a little."
it," he stressed again. "It's… It's weird, all right? And it's uncomfortable. And it takes a lot of getting used to. I'm still not used to it. Look, I'm sorry if I'm not acting the way all the articles online say I'm supposed to be acting. But I just… That's not me, all right? Rubbing my stomach and telling it how much I love it isn't me. Singing fucking lullabies isn't me. I'm still trying to come to terms with the fact that this is something that's been done to me that wasn't my choice and this is the way I'm going to be the rest of my life and— What? Wait,
"Know?" he asked and looked between them. "Know
. Who in their right mind would willingly do this fucking thing ever again? OK, in the days before reliable contraception, there wasn't really a choice, but
Wait, no, that was—
to have found it by now."
"Really?" he muttered to himself and hooked the radio back on his belt before resigning himself to getting back to work.
, but, you know, if I ever wanted to take you up on the offer?"
Cap was silent a moment, and Tony listened in for background noise so he could identify what sort of locale the Cap was calling from, but he couldn't hear anything.
"Did he recognize you?" Natasha asked, and Tony grimaced a bit and hedged a little before he said, "
Tony let that sink in a moment, remembering then that no matter what, Steve would always be a soldier fighting the war, and he reached up and snaked his arms around Steve's neck and said, "God, you're such a sap, old man."
" Happy agreed.
that he was still alive. Turns out it's probably just a stupid hormone to keep me from abandoning my newborn to…wolves or…crocodiles or something."
Natasha watched him motion then gave an easy and blasé shrug. "Don't have to nurse if you don't want to. No one's forcing you to."
that I'm bragging, but I'm just saying it for your benefit."
this child."
those skirts are."
Barnes's face went a little soft at that, and Tony would go so far as to say it looked like the son-of-a-bitch was smiling.
"I mean, even if it is Air Force," Steve added with a sly smirk in Jim's direction, and Jim snorted a laugh and said, "Please, the Army takes anybody. You actually have to have a few brain cells to rub together to get into the Air Force."
He shook his head and left the room. He went back downstairs and found Bruce now sitting on the couch, waiting for his return, and he forced a tight smile at him and ignored that sad-eyed look on his face that said he was disapproving of Tony's actions but had no actual way of being able to stop him.
Bruce shrugged. "Don't know. She's not too pleased that her room is gone — it's the one next to yours in case you were wondering."
"No."
be watching this piece of shit— Is there
The doors opened, and they stepped onto the elevator. Bruce hit the button for the penthouse. "What? Wait, hold on! I don't want to—"
"But it's true," he said and swallowed again as he blinked the tears out of his eyes. "It's true. Maybe you love me, but you don't love me the way I love you. You're… And I'm the one you had to settle for."
"No, I get it. You're just—"
, but what did the doctor's office know?), which was actually not just
Though they also had a similar way of grasping him by the back of the head...
"All of this." He motioned to the baby. "Her." He motioned to himself. "Being stuck like this. He made it OK. So long as he was here, I could deal with that. Without him…"
"Is Steve with them?"
"It's coming," Barton said and shoved a bite of bagel into his mouth.
"Look," Tony said and she turned her attention to him, "I'm not saying you didn't have our best interests at heart, but maybe, next time, you might want to, I don't know,
"Peppy, honey, you've got that look on your face, and I don't like it. You might bust a—"
He went to nod then frowned and said, "What does that even mean in this context?"
"Hmm?" Tony said and shook crystals onto a candy cane. "Age, I guess. Got a little older. The wound...healed over. Didn't disappear just...healed over, I guess. Rhodey invited me to spend Christmas with him a few times. And then, well, Pep. And then you with your fucking old- fashioned ways."
"What 'too much'? Are you kidding?" Tony asked as he came back to stand beside him. "It's Christmas, babe. It's tradition."
"Or a dude," he amended and put his hands up in slight defense. "Hey, an alternate universe version of me is evidently fucking Captain America, so—"
Cap smiled a little, and Tony tilted his head in thought as he realized it bore some of the hallmarks of that small, intimate one that that other Steve Rogers had given him.
"Why?" he asked, that same half-amused, half-'you're an idiot' tone to his voice. "Because you gave birth to her?"
thought was the proper way to do something, and Natasha stood at Tony's elbow and said, "She's a charming one, isn't she?"
"Down in the madhouse," Barnes said, flat, arms folded and mouth formed in a slight scowl.
He could only figure it was hours later before Bruce determined he was ready, and with no other choice in the matter, he climbed up onto the lab table that
to be a wedding cake," Barton said and shot a look at Hill. Hill just shrugged at him.
"Uh, Tony—"
Steve relaxed into his seat, the makings of a genuine smile trying desperately to spread itself over his lips. He hated to admit it, but there was something oddly comfortable about being with Tony. The back-and-forth came easy, and the camaraderie was easy, and sure, Tony was almost twenty years older than he was, but he was still a rather handsome man with gorgeous eyes and a stubborn chin that Steve just itched to draw. He felt
Steve sighed, the smell starting to get to him. "All right. But if I don't put her diaper on the right way and it falls off at an inopportune time, it's all on you."
—" Bruce said in a warning tone, and Tony realized he'd gotten a little snappish with the kid.
to build weapons. Thought maybe Uncle Sam was secretly trying to kill us all. Steve told me he married Stark's kid, I thought, all right, whatever. Not my business what he does behind closed doors. But then he says Stark's kid is gonna work on my arm?" He laughed in disbelief. "Fuck, I almost started running again. Figured if Stark's kid was as bad with this shit as his old man was, I'd probably blow up like something out of a cartoon."
"Denise Ganford," Bruce said and reached up to pinch the bridge of his nose. "You just saw her, like, a week ago."
Tony just shrugged and chewed on his bagel and said, "No biggie. You discovered you like Toaster Strudel better than Pop-Tarts. Someone'll eat that shelf-full in the pantry." He nodded at Barton. "Hey, you want some Pop-Tarts for when you 'flip houses' with your 'girlfriend'?"
Bruce made a face. "Tony, I don't think that's something we should really discuss—"
"What, like ten minutes?"
He expected some sort of face and comment about that not being a visual he needed, but Barnes just sat there, seemingly nonplussed by Tony's comment. Which…wasn't any fun. Jesus, what was the point of making these comments if no one was going to react to them in any meaningful way? Jeez, where were Barton and Bruce when he needed them? They would have whined over that comment.
thing he needed was to watch anything that would put any sort of doubt into his head that this was anything but the spawn of a super soldier from the '40s. He did
. How— how in the ever-loving fuck was he even
"They ran out," he said through a mouthful of food.
"He knows you hate it," she continued. "He's only trying to find a way to make it better for you."
"You worry too much," Tony muttered by way of explanation and crunched on another cracker, but Steve looked less than pleased by it. The explanation, not the cracker.
"I said she could use one of mine."
Actually, the way she was practically shrieking her words, Tony wasn't sure she
is going to tie up the rest of my afternoon." She nodded her head in the direction of the elevators they'd come from and added, "Go. Upstairs. Relax while you still can."
Tony eyed it warily for a moment before he handed his bag over to Steve and then squared his shoulders and stepped up onto the riser then sat down on the hard vinyl, the paper crinkling beneath him. He lay back against the pillow as the doctor directed him to and then pulled up his shirt and pulled the waistband of his pants down some when he was directed to do that, his belly — because, honestly, that's what it was now — sticking up in the air.
Tony looked down to Steve's blood-soaked uniform pants then back up at his face. "I'm sorry. Of the two of us in this room, which one almost bled to death not six hours ago?"
"You don't like it when your parents kiss?"
"With her?" Pepper asked, sounding like she was ready for a fight.
"Cap know what one of those is?" Barton asked.
He picked his head up, sniffling, sadness having evaporated to be replaced by a newfound vigor and reassurance.
Esmeralda just smiled at him, the kind that grated because there was something cryptic and knowing about it. "Now, why spoil the surprise?"
Tony shrugged again. "What can I say?"
Tony blinked, playing the picture of blank innocence. "Uh, what?"
" Tony snapped before he could help himself. "What
"What made you change—" Tony started to say but then sat upright and added, "Doesn't matter." He jumped to his feet and strode around the table. "So, you want me to teach you how to dance?"
He rolled his eyes and scoffed some. "He's not wrong."
"Ecstatically."
"Look, you didn't hear Endora's acid-tripping sister, but Steve and I are 'soul mates,' and that has to count for something, right? That
"Mmm…so, this relationship. Wanna tell me what happened?"
," Barnes said.
Steve just laughed and took several long strides to meet up with Tony. He took Tony's hands in his and swung his arms a bit.
He chased after her, taking breaths to make sure he kept himself calm because he wasn't sure that Olivia was aware of the whole situation with the Hulk, and there was no need to traumatize her any more than…
"Yeah."
"I don't know," Steve said and gave Tony a sideways glance. "I'm pretty sure this is something only you could come up with."
Barnes's eyes shot up to the Hydra agent's at that, and Tony saw a little bit of cold hatred wash over his face but he didn't otherwise move a muscle.
Tony snorted and rolled his eyes. "It figures he would. Daytime TV talk shows where a woman's got, like, three possible guys that could be the father, and they do a DNA test and then reveal it on the show. Don't even think of searching it out. You wouldn't like it."
"OK by me, ex-boss. Nothing I haven't heard before."
"Indeed," Thor said, stepping in between them like even he knew Steve might very well try to take her head off. "You did not appear... enthusiastic about my offer to spend your days on Asgard after your loved ones depart—"
Steve glanced around the table to take stock of the reaction, the others seeming to fall somewhere between 'curious' and 'disbelieving,' and Jim said, "Yeah, but this is a fairytale, right? An Asgardian fairytale? Something you tell your kids before they go to sleep to scare them into...not running off to the land of the Frost Giants or something."
"—I am not waking up tomorrow morning stuck to your sheets because your come ran out of my ass. So, uh, can we, maybe, get cleaned up?"
to go through it. Every time he thought he came just a little bit closer to accepting what had happened and what was happening to him, it felt like he fell five steps back right after that.
jumped on top 'f Daddy. 'n' then he put his arms around us like this—" she sat up and hugged her arms tightly around her torso and rocked herself from side-to-side a little bit, "—'n' said he was never, ever gonna let us go. But he did. 'cuz he broke th' shirt. 'member, Papa?"
Steve pulled away and went back to fixing himself another bagel. "Because!" He motioned over Tony like that explained everything.
Steve?" he asked, though he didn't know why he focused on that. Had Tony just said the year was 2015?
He looked between the three of them, who were all staring back at him rather expectantly — well, Bruce and Natasha were; Barnes was making a face like he'd just realized what kind of exam Bruce was going to have to perform and would really have been happier not knowing — and then murmured, "Yeah, I know," then went over to the storage cabinet for another sheet. He grabbed one and went back over to the table then motioned to the others. "Turn around! I'm not doing a striptease."
He stumbled off, gasping once more for a breath he just couldn't seem to get, and he fumbled over to a worktable and grabbed onto it, bracing himself against it, holding fast to it, his fingers turning white from the pressure as he gripped the edge.
