“Oh, you know. You meet a guy. You think it'll last forever.” Pamela downed the last of her beer. “Well, Jesse wasn’t forever.”
Since Jack became God. Since Cas confessed his love. Since the Winchesters were born. There were a whole lot of ways to finish that sentence and all of them fit.
“I like that answer.” Dean licked his lips then leaned across the table, his voice low and urgent. “It also means you better come back after all this. If you don’t I’m gonna kick your ass. That is if Jessica doesn’t beat me to it.”
Castiel mumbled out a few sounds before he was able to form words around his sleep coated tongue. “Did we win?”
Castiel did not have many friends. Neither did Meg. She could have said goodbye. She could have left a note.
“Well, I thought I died back in that village.” Garth moved closer to Dean and raised one hand into the light. “But, uh”-- Garth’s fingernails extended, becoming a claw-- “I didn’t.”
“And if you ever cared for me at all,” Balthazar said, the muscles in his sword arm tense, “you wouldn’t have left me alone.”
Sam slashed his sword into empty air. His eyes darted from side to side, but there was nothing to see but black.
When Dean closed his eyes, he felt Cas all around him. "Hey, Cas." A breeze picked up in response to Dean’s voice. Dean smiled and opened his eyes to watch the flowers sway. "Sorry I haven't been by to see you in a while. The case in Minnesota took longer than we thought. Donna, as always, kicked ass." Dean turned onto his side. He ran his finger over the smooth petal of the nearest flower. "Miss you."
"Cas needs some time. So do you. You've been grieving so long that you haven't really processed that he's back." Sam did that fluttery eyelid thing that made the most uncooperative person agree with him. "Just try to talk to him".
Two years after the Empty, Dean wakes up to howling winds. The waves crash against the shore. Dean lays in bed and listens.
They moved together, removing their clothing upon the way. A trail of fabric marked their route to the bed and, by the time they fell onto the blankets, they had nothing left to remove.
Castiel and John Winchester had crossed paths many times, but John wanted little to do with Castiel. That suited Castiel fine. John was a driven man who rose through the ranks of the army in record speed, thanks to Queen Kate. He was given command of his own group of warriors and his choice of missions. Castiel rarely had to work with him but, when they did, Castiel could feel John's hatred. Non-humans had taken his wife, his old way of life, and John wanted to eradicate every last one of them. That was his one and only mission. Non-humans were bad; humans were good. John did not have time for grey in his black and white ideology and he placed Castiel firmly into the category of bad the day they met.
It should have been cold in the dead of winter but Sam felt as if he were burning. He stripped off his cloak and dropped into a pile of snow. It melted all around him.
The female vampire’s eyes stared back at Castiel. Somehow, someway, the Metatron watched Castiel through those eyes, had watched him through so many others. Castiel shuddered.
Castiel did not make a sound. He did not cry. He did not shout. He stared forward-- kneeling on the floor covered in the ripped remnants of useless prophecy, kneeling over the body of the one he held dear-- because that was all he could do.
Perhaps it was strange to pledge himself to a man he hardly knew, but Castiel knew the words that came out of his mouth, unbidden, would be true for as long as he lived.
"I didn't say you had to stop, buddy." Dean put his hand over both of Cas's and the light flared brighter. "There's nobody around."
“I am old. Very, very old.” Castiel stood at attention with his hands clasped behind his back. “But you’re correct. Forgive me, I’m used to people knowing me before I know them. My name is Castiel.”
Castiel struggled against the weight pushing him down. He tried in vain to grab hold of the Metatron’s robes, to keep him from walking behind Castiel. There was nothing Castiel could do. Behind him, the Metatron circled his hands around the root of each wing. He held them there for a long moment, feeling Castiel tremble.
Dean stood and walked to the exit with light, floating steps. When he reached the door he said, “I can’t believe that a week before your ceremony you spent a bunch of time thinking about-- about me and Cas.”
In this light, Sam could not decide if the girl’s eyes were green or blue. He decided he should step closer to figure it out.
When they broke apart, Castiel and Dean rested their foreheads together as they caught their breath. It was one of those perfect moments.
“So, what are you up to this afternoon, nerd?” Dean asked Sam once the curious onlookers turned away.
Month four, and Dean realizes Sam hasn't left the bunker more than a few hours at a time. It’s because of Dean, he knows it, and that doesn’t seem right.
“Hey, Cas.” He felt silly but Dean addressed the rose by his shoulder. “You got your ears on? I, ah, hope I’m doing this praying thing right. Joshua found me and took me to the Garden. He showed me your part. It’s--” Dean touched the silky rose petals with a fingertip. “It’s incredible. I get why you hung out here. Joshua seems like a good guy-- Celestial, whatever. And, I, uh…” Dean tilted his head back, looking at the blue expanse of the sky. He chewed his bottom lip. “I planted some stuff, too. Gotta say, that was
He saw Jessica that afternoon, for a short moment while she hurried between tasks. They were talking, walking side by side when they crossed paths, and exchanging pleasant greetings when they saw each other in the hallways. It was not much but Sam let Jessica take things as slowly as she needed. Sam had been given a second chance. He was not going to squander it.
Now, he finally understood the source of his sleep problems. The nights he spent on the road were beside someone, beside Castiel, and Dean became used to his presence. Dean knew he would be safe with Castiel at his side. The sound of Castiel’s breathing-- knowing he was there, knowing he was okay-- was what lulled Dean into a restful sleep.
Joanna Beth Harvelle spent that year guiding lost civilians back home and taking down the last few pockets of Creatures. After her final job ended, she officially retired from being a mercenary and returned to Pamela and Charlie. With her lovers in tow, she returned home to Lawrence. Ellen Harvelle welcomed all three with open arms.
Dean tightened his grip on his sword. This man-- this familiar stranger-- lured Dean into this Godforsaken place and he never once thought to question it.
He heard the sound of something falling, something glass, and a deep heartfelt curse from the Captain. A long, silent, pause passed before the door swung open.
Talking Castiel’s hands in her own, the Mother placed his palms on either side of her head. Her fingers left bloody streaks across Castiel’s hands and armour.
“And there she was,” Garth said. “Halfway down the creek. Nobody knows how she got there. Anyway, she refused to get outta the water. Poor old Pa had to hop right in to force her out. She wouldn’t move her left front leg. So Pa checked her hoof, thinking the girl hurt herself, and found her standing on his grandmother’s old ring. That thing had been missing for years. Pa was so flabbergasted he knelt right down in front of Ma then and there. They’ve been married for some twenty years now.”
Once the others acknowledged the order, they carried on. Balthazar led the way. Castiel kept an eye on their rear and Dean continued to search for the threat. They saw nothing but, as they progressed, the sound of metal became a constant reminder of an impending, unseeable, and unknowable threat.
Too late, Castiel lunged at the Metatron. His sword hit true, right at the Metatron’s heart, but the Metatron was already gone.
“Happy. Healthy. Alive.” Sam pushed his hair back from his face and sighed. “Able to live a life without the constant threat of War.”
“Yes, yes.” She beckoned to Castiel as a signal to move further inside. “Don’t worry. You have a reservation.”
Cas sat on the edge of Dean’s bed, Dean’s bed back in the bunker. Cas grabbed Dean’s chin and peered into his eyes.
Jessica stepped into the room. She observed the painting Sam hung over the fireplace-- the first one she gave him-- and gave Sam an incredulous look.
Sam dropped to the ground and ripped a strip of cloth from his shirt. He pressed it to the wound, then grabbed the woman's hands and placed it on the cloth.
“Never mind,” Ellen said. “I guess what I really want to know is when you plan to move on. If you plan to.”
Walker appeared in the doorway, glowering as usual. Walker never spoke to Castiel more than he needed and he never once looked Castiel in the eye. An excellent fighter-- especially against vampires-- Walker’s antisocial tendencies were often overlooked. He volunteered for the bloodiest, most suicidal missions and came back victorious every single time. Most of the time, he returned alone. 'Acceptable casualties,' the reports said. Most people avoided joining him on the field.
He scanned the crowd. In the distance, he saw a shock of red hair, the owner of which raised her hand in greeting. Another arm, belonging to the bowed head beside her, moved when she grabbed hold of it. A smile snuck onto Dean's face. Charlie did manage to get Kevin out of the library. Dean owed Sam a copper.
After grabbing another bottle, she walked to her kitchen table, stopping short when she noticed Benny. He offered her a polite wave. She shrugged, sat down, and let her head thump against the table.
After he cleaned himself up, Castiel headed out into the early morning sunlight. He thought he would visit the gardens but the trees and pond reminded him too much of recent events. At least, that was how he rationalized why his heart had not stopped racing since he woke up.
Sam met Garth a few weeks ago when he plopped down at Sam and Dean’s table without any preamble. Dean told Sam he grew on people. Sam was starting to believe that.
“Damn it all! I can’t believe I could’ve been chargin’ you this whole time! I gave you the expensive liquor.”
“He won’t hurt me. Nor I him.” Castiel glanced at Charlie, letting his appreciation for her offer show in his slightly upturned lips. “I can handle him.”
And yet, weeks later--weeks after holding onto Cas so tightly when he came back Dean was sure they would never let go, weeks after the people returned to Earth, weeks after they defeated Chuck and saved the world-- Dean couldn’t say it back.
“You’ve done enough,” Castiel said, as Dean walked to the other side of the room for medicinal supplies.
Billie doesn’t raise one eyebrow. She raises both of them. It’s an expression of surprise, a big one for her.
Sam did not have time to speak further, as Frank shoved him back towards the front. Sam figured it best to follow the order. Ruby and the book were still on his mind. However, as long as he could return to the library, Sam knew he could come back for it one day.
Sam could hear the battle. He heard shouts and the clash of steel. He could not tell who was winning. He could not tell how many fighters were left. He could tell, however, that the Captain's army was not giving up.
“Yeah,” Benny said. “I ain’t much help with the healin’ but I do swing a weapon alright. And I know Andrea’s been itchin’ to get outta here. So, if Sam’s headin’ out there then…”
Charlie’s red hair stood out from the crowd. When Dean looked closer, he saw her embrace a woman with blonde hair. When the blonde pulled back, holding Charlie’s hands, Dean realized with a jolt that she was Jo. A few seconds later, when Pamela joined them and placed a kiss on Charlie's and Jo’s lips in turn, and took one of each of their hands, Dean’s jolt became a total shock.
The ice in Castiel’s tone told Dean he should have thought before he spoke. Dean stepped forward and stood on the other side of the horse. He reached out and patted its snout once. The horse snorted.
They stepped into an endless hall of white, marked every few feet with the outline of doors with no handles. The light flickered over the walls from an unseen source, casting certain places in a brighter, whiter light. As Castiel walked down the hallway, he was overwhelmed by a sense of familiarity. He stopped and looked behind him. The hallway stretched on forever.
Sam looked up when Dean entered the kitchen, his eyes worried. Dean ignored Sam’s question and walked to the coffee pot in shame.
“Dean, listen. I care about you. I think I always will. I plan to remain by your side as long as you will allow me.” Castiel’s gaze bored into Dean’s soul. “I need you to carefully consider in what capacity that will be.”
He still needs to fix the bathroom. The dining room is a ripped up mess of bare walls, scattered tools, and scraps of building materials. There are boxes around every corner and he still can't find the right table for the kitchen. He's got work to do. That's okay, though, because now Dean has all the time in the world to finish it.
There was no life in the hotel hallway, just the swirling patterns on the wallpaper and the long rows of doors.
When Sam left the library, Kevin did not look up. Sam hurried through the castle halls. The argument had set him behind schedule and he did not want to miss his next appointment.
Captain Singer hummed, a neutral sound in reaction to Castiel’s dark tone. “You know, they wouldn’t tell me
Castiel shook his head, smiling down at his feet. Yellow and red leaves crunched under his new boots as he and Dean passed through the town gates.
After an eye roll and a fond, but exasperated, sigh, Castiel joined Dean in the open space. “There’s no music.”
Dean did not reply. He could see the entrance to the second floor when he peeked over Castiel’s shoulder. He needed to get over there. He needed to get to Sam. It was so far away. The door swirled down, down, down, into an endless hallway.
“You have a bright soul,” Castiel said. “If you truly believe this is what you want, I will support you. However, I want you to promise me one thing.”
Sam let go of Jessica with a final kiss-- or a few final kisses-- then joined Dean and Castiel. All they could manage was a couple of nods to each other.
Cas climbs off of Dean and finally takes off his pants. Dean props himself up on his elbows for a better look.
The floors were cleared of dust and debris. The tables sparkled under the afternoon sun shining through the windows. No glass behind the bar had a single visible spot and every plate and bowl was neatly stacked and put away. Standing in the middle of Harvelle’s, Castiel surveyed his work and deemed it acceptable.
Dropping the last piece of fabric on the pile, Dean stood across from Cas. Under the faint glow of his cleaned wings, Cas was more than beautiful. He was gorgeous, glorious.
“Sam Winchester will end the Realm. When the Realm’s era comes to a close, let it be known I tried to stop it. Let it be known you were the ones who destroyed it.”
Dean gives himself over wholly to Cas, trying so hard to give the same back to Cas but he can’t. He can’t because Cas gives and gives and gives Dean everything, over and over and over again.
Sam tied the pages together then carried them to his table in the restricted section. He ignored his tiredness and sat down, continuing the perusal of his latest book.
There was one thing, however, one thing that could make him strong. Sam stood and pressed his palm flat against the wall.
There was no way Sam missed how Dean curled around Cas while they slept, considering they were all holed up in the same room. Sam didn't say anything. Sam was worried too.
The deep voice boomed all around Sam. He shot onto his feet and waved his arms in an arc, attempting to locate the source.
“Obviously I know that!” Ash stood and faced Sam. Sam used his height to his advantage but Ash did not back down. “You get hurt out there and your brother’ll find some way to kill me.” He pointed to the sky. “Even all the way up there. And that’s not considering your wife.”
He heard nothing over the blood rushing in his ears. He pounded on the door before he thought better of it.
“I'm afraid it only goes one way. I cannot reply. Besides, I’m not so sure it would have worked. My powers are not as they were. However…” Castiel released Dean’s hands and stepped closer. He held Dean’s face between his palms. “It’s easier to hear a prayer when there is a close relationship. I think, with the profound bond we have formed, it will now.”
"You've been touched," Joshua said, pressing a fingertip against Dean's side, exactly where Gordon Walker stabbed him all those years ago, "right here. When I heard the song of Heaven and investigated it, I noticed you right away. I didn't think I knew you but I couldn't be sure."
Sam did not know how the interior of a clock tower should appear, but he did not think most had the floors and walls covered in symbols. The symbols were occult and ancient, some Sam recognized from books, others long lost to the ages. The clock face itself was broken; the hands stuck at midnight. No one alive could remember a time when it worked. Ruby stood at the centre, staring at the white circle of the clock face, the light from below bathing her in an unearthly glow. Beneath her feet, a symbol, painted in rusty red, swirled around the floor. Sam knew it was blood.
"It almost looked like this." Dean raised his free hand, pointing to a black patch in the sky. "You used to be right there. The brightest in the sky."
Oh. The ‘turn down the volume’ gesture. Dean finds the fact that Cas uses it and that it works adorable. Dean remembers teaching Cas that move.
Sam found the book disturbing but all the information was just science presented as something to stimulate intellectual curiosity, nothing more. Sam had a lot of intellectual curiosity so, whenever he had a spare few moments, he tried to decipher the writing on the page. The more he learned from the scholars, the more he could understand.
Dean’s tired and overworked brain wasted a few precious seconds trying to understand Balthazar’s words. Dean’s dawning comprehension must have shown on his face because Balthazar stepped aside and indicated the now unblocked doorway with a grand gesture.
“Why?” She pointed to Castiel and Balthazar. “You’re traitors.” She pointed to Dean. “And he’s human. Not even a dead one.”
Like any other day, Sam entered the restricted section. Unlike any other day, someone was at his desk.
Castiel met Dean's gaze and, with no hesitation, said, “Because I’m a coward. Joshua performed miracles for years. He nearly died for it. He only stopped because his hair turned white, his back began to hunch, and his mind began to deteriorate. The All-Father brought him home after a job well done. He tends to the Garden now. As far as I can tell, he’s happy.” Castiel closed his eyes, his mind full of fond memories. “He always has a good story to tell.”
“Can’t keep much of a grudge with how much you’ve been saving our asses.” Captain Singer indicated the chair opposite him. “Take a seat.”
Crickets chirped as night fell upon the Captial, still warm with the last vestiges of summer. Castiel leaned against the chimney, watching the stars blink to life and the candles flicker in the residents’ windows. He remembered thinking that human life passed so quickly but he never thought they would end in just a few seasons.
“A whole lot happened, Cas.” Dean dropped another section of hair. “And I think what happened in Purgatory should stay in Purgatory.”
Dean arches his back, wanting, needing, to feel every inch of Cas's skin. Dean squeezes Cas’s ass and grinds against him. Their cocks slide together and Cas ruts against him, the bed frame squeaking at the intensity of the motion.
“That doesn’t sound like a hobby. I was thinking something like painting like me, or reading like Sam.”
“Garth,” the blonde woman stepped forward, making sure to keep her distance from Dean, “he’s human and you’re so new. You should be careful.”
"Cas." The world was quiet. The only sound was Dean's voice, Dean's shaky breath, Dean's beating heart. "Why did you save me?"
"That's what happens when you put a child on the throne." Benny stroked his short beard. "Or have a throne."
Dean did not talk about Castiel, about their father, about Hell, about Purgatory, about any of it. If Sam tried to utter even the first syllable to any question tied to those events, Dean would shut Sam down immediately. Dean developed some new power that let him detect the moment Sam wanted to talk about it. Sam would throw up his hands and move on.
“Need to finish this,” Kevin said, his pen never slowing as he spoke. “I can’t hear him anymore. Need to finish. Need to finish while I remember. Need to finish to save my mom.”
The authority in Rufus’s voice brought Dean to attention, just as he would for the Captain. Jo reacted much in the same way, speaking to her history of working with Rufus. Even Charlie paused.
“Dean is…” The doctor glanced at Dean from the corner of his eye, saying his next words carefully, like he never used the phrase before, “High as a kite.”
Dean gathered the empty plates, keeping his hands occupied and avoiding Sam’s eye. At first, Sam only brought it up to tease Dean. Now, he wondered why Dean was on the defensive.
In the middle of a long abandoned farmhouse, facing the combined might of a close knit group of vampires, Castiel realized he had become far too personally invested in his charges.
Pamela Barnes spent a year in the Capital, settling her affairs and passing her knowledge to the next generation of soldiers. She never returned to the Barnes estate. She never picked up another sword. Instead, she spent her days in Charlie's shop, listening to her work.
Sam pulled back but did not let go of Dean. “Dean. We’ll win this War. We will. And then you can feel like this, too.” Sam glanced at Castiel, who was politely listening to Jessica as she waited for the drinks. “Thank you, Dean. Thank you for looking after me but I’m okay now.” Sam brought Dean in for another bone-crushing hug. “I’m okay.”
Sam was about to ask another question when Castiel held out his sword to Dean. The belt swung back and forth in front of Dean's unblinking eyes.
Cas's light became bright and blinding, shattering the light bulbs and cracking the windows, but all Dean saw was Cas: his fallen star lit in the joy of love.
“Caught him by surprise. He thought I was a Creature and got me. And, since you are no doubt extremely concerned, you’ll be happy to know I’m completely fine.”
“Now where is that damn kid? Whole lot of trouble that one but when the knights ask, you do. Oh, I’d like to--” Frank’s voice cut off when he turned the corner. He stopped behind Sam. Sam expected a harsh word or two, but instead, he saw Frank staring wide-eyed at Castiel.
They kept a steady rhythm, rolling their hips and gasping into each other’s mouths. Castiel groped at Dean’s shoulders, running his hands up until he could tangle his fingers into Dean's hair and pull it. Dean shuddered with pleasure.
The Long War raged on. Castiel could not rest until he knew no more humans would be caught in its storm. It was, however, uncertain if he could rest at all.
The souls still screamed. They never stopped their constant assault, striking against Castiel's ribcage to break free. However, when Dean squeezed Castiel's hand, the souls seemed a little quieter.
"C'mon, buddy." The toe of Dean's slipper appeared at the edge of Castiel's vision. "Whatever truth bomb you gotta tell me I can handle, okay? I just wanna help you."
“I know, I know.” Dean waved his free hand in a dismissive gesture. The other presented the napkin to Castiel. Castiel stared down at the crumpled piece of pie. Dean focused on his feet, inexplicably bashful. “It--it looked better before I stuffed it away, I promise.”
Castiel squinted his eyes and tilted his head, unable to read Balthazar’s expression. “I don’t understand what you’re saying.”
Dean swung his legs around and placed his bare feet on the floor. He stood, bracing himself, but the expected wave of vertigo never came. He was well on his way to being healed. He still had the bruises. He still had bandages. That meant Castiel kept his word. It also meant Dean was out for a while.
Azazel did not follow Sam. He turned to Dean and Castiel, a bloody smile fixed upon his face. He groaned and clutched at his wound.
Dean kept watch. Through the trees past Castiel’s head, water glinted in the glare of the constantly overcast sunlight. There was nothing and no one around them, but the hair on the back of Dean’s neck stood.
The individual standing in the room wore Kevin’s body but it was not Kevin. He turned around, his eyes gold and glowing, his back straight and head held high. Not a single hint of Kevin’s usual slouch and anxiety remained in his body.
"No?" Castiel stepped closer, pausing when Dean leaned away. "I feel more like myself than I ever had. Did I not show you how I feel?"
“It’s been a couple of days and I wanted to check on you. You…” Balthazar paused, noticing Castiel’s wounds. “You’re kind of beat up, actually. Are you feeling well?”
“Aaron did a damn good job while Dean was out,” the Captain said, “and Pamela’s group saved more people than I can count.”
Sam would win the War. He would come home. He would make a better life-- a better future-- for his and Jessica’s child.
Dean sipped the drink, taking his time to savour it. It stayed at the optimal drinking temperature no matter how long he took. Perks of having an angel husband: he used his powers to make the perfect cup of cocoa, eased Dean's aches and pains from growing older, and knew where to apply his grace to make Dean tingle all over. It was pretty fucking awesome.
Yet, he found himself thinking about Lawrence that morning. He thought about how Ellen would barge into his and Sam’s room and sing that stupid song at the top of her lungs over and over again until Sam and Jo would join in. He thought about how the townspeople would each save a part of their harvest and give it to Ellen to hold onto for this day. He thought about Missouri's homemade pie, bursting with filling from the best apples, made especially for him.
Castiel reached out-- from Dean’s point of view, the movement was agonizingly slow-- and took the offering. “Why are you giving this to me?”
Dean stood at the edge of the green grass. Ellen joined him. Dean did not touch the soot. “Heal? No. You can’t.”
“What?” Dean glances at the smiling Empty, at Billie’s smug face, at Sam’s despondent expression. “What, Sam?”
Dean stood in the shower for a long time, remaining himself over and over, again and again, that everything was okay. Once he was properly cleaned up and dressed, Dean went to the kitchen. As he watched the much needed coffee fill the pot, Dean had an epiphany.
“Wait. Wait.” Sam turned in his chair to better see the king. “Are you talking about a vote based system?”
There was an odd sucking noise in Dean’s ear, becoming louder as he wheeled his cart through the slow-moving crowd, searching for the cashier with the shortest line. On a regular day, Dean would've used the self-checkout but, since holding Baby Cas meant using both his hands, he'd need the human help.
that he found cleaning under one of the library shelves. It wasn't exactly a pretty looking thing, but Cas acted as if Dean gave him something made of pure gold. Cas smiled.
It wasn’t a big deal. It was just a couple of drops. The tar pretending to be coffee probably caused some damage to Dean’s insides anyway. But Dean was exhausted and frustrated and he wanted to pick a fight.
"Of course I know!" Lenore jumped from her seat. "Is it any better to be killed by scared humans? To kill them in return? If we could free the Creatures from the Metatron then he'd lose his army. This War could end. And--" She shook her head and clutched her hands over her heart. "We could live."
Sam wondered if Dean felt like this when they were growing up every time Sam acted like that. Sam wondered if he should apologize.
Dean sighed and retreated into the forest. The healers’ camp was well-hidden amongst the trees. It was fully stocked and set up, but Ash still directed the healers to double and triple check that everything was in place. When Dean and Sam returned, Ash shouted Sam’s name and insistently motioned for him to come over.
Again, Sam chuckles. Dean must’ve smiled again. Whatever. Dean is allowed to be happy that Cas is back in town.
Sam hugged the book to his chest. "Thanks. I'll-- I'll do that." He headed towards the exit, feeling as if his feet were floating. At the last second, he stopped in the doorway and faced Castiel. "Hey, um, you know my brother thinks highly of you right? He'd never say it, but, well, you know." Castiel's only change in expression was to squint. Sam shrugged. "Anyway. Don't tell Dean I said this but he's usually right about people. So, you're a good guy. Okay?"
Dean was not fully convinced but any further questions had to wait until later. King Adam appeared at the table. Sam and Dean had missed his entrance. When the Winchesters hurried to stand at his arrival, the king raised his hand, allowing them to remain seated. King Adam took his seat, resting his steepled hands on the tabletop, and glanced from one brother to the other.
The Empty isn’t quiet, not with all those beings in Cas’s new wings. They sigh and gasp, ringing out words in their incomprehensible-to-humans voices as they travelled.
“Cas, no!” Balthazar shouted. “The last time you healed something this bad you almost-- And you were at full power!”
“Nah,” Meg said, “you’re all healed up now. Which means…” She trailed off, her mind somewhere far away as she took a long drink.
“Attraction does not occur often for me. And he--” Castiel snapped his mouth shut and refused to look Dean in the eye. “Anyway, he and I did not work out.”
The Captain raised his hand, signalling the army to stand ready. Alone, Captain Singer approached the shoreline, his careful, deliberate steps leaving deep footprints in the wet sand. He reached the water and allowed the waves to crash over his boots.
Pressed up against Cas's side, Dean rested his head on Cas's shoulder, the fabric of his trench coat soft against his cheek. Dean closed his eyes. With the warmth of Cas's body, the security of the arm around him, and the familiarity of Baby's rumble in his ears, Dean fell into a deep, dreamless sleep.
With one final pass over Castiel’s upper lip, Dean was done. He obtained the wet towel again and wiped away any remnants of soap and hair. Leaning in so close Dean practically sat in Castiel’s lap, Dean marvelled at the feel of Castiel’s fresh, smooth skin. He slung the towel over his shoulder and held Castiel’s face in his hands, running his thumbs down the angle of Castiel’s cheekbones. Dean never saw Castiel clean shaven before.
Sam reached the gate. All he could see through the bars was the boy’s profile, his cheeks still filled with a child’s roundness. Sam knelt on the hard, dusty path, and leaned against the bars. He slid down as far as he could to match the boy’s height.
As far as Sam could tell, there wasn't much wrong with Dean. He was just dead asleep. He actually looked pretty happy about it. Sam laid Dean across the backseat of the Impala and headed back to the bunker. When he got there, Jack carried Dean to his room one handed.
"Good," Castiel said. "Make it a habit to listen to my orders from here on. Now, show me everything you learned. Show me you are worthy of the title of knight." Castiel opened his arms, leaving himself wide open for an attack. "Show me."
The Winchesters, the ones by blood, marriage, and deed, all gathered in the Roadhouse. There, they carried on into eternity.
No matter how closely Dean studies the trees, no matter how far Dean walks down the road, Cas isn’t there.
Castiel stood in the middle of the church, the boardroom, the city, the black hole of time and space. He wrapped his arms across his body— holding himself together through sheer force of will— and took a step forward.
"It was dark." Cas sounded small. An angel with a voice that could shatter glass and level buildings should never sound small. "The Empty was dark. No, it was worse than that. It was the absence of light, of everything." Cas's eyes shimmered under the thousand twinkling lights, highlighting the tears threatening to spill. He wiped them away with the back of his hand and flicked them away with a scowl. "This is irrational. I know it is. I'm an angel. I can see in the dark if I so choose but I—" Cas swallowed, his expression softening into something vulnerable when he confessed, "I'm afraid of the dark."
He returned the glass to the table. The table was littered with jars and tins of poultices and herbs-- some Dean recognized, more he did not. Long dark thread weaved around the jars, the kind used to stitch a wound, and other medical implements Dean had only seen in Sam’s books laid around it. Dean rubbed his shoulder. Someone must have patched him up. Someone who knew what they were doing.
“Oh, c’mon, Bobby,” Rufus said, plopping down beside the Captain on his makeshift cot constructed of driftwood. “You’ll like the village. It’s full of taverns.”
With Dean away on the task force's first mission, Sam took advantage of his newfound freedom. He spent his nights in the castle library and read from the book.
“She saved my life, you know. I wasn’t that grateful at the time. I think I am now. Maybe. I mean, I wouldn’t be talking to you like this if I hadn’t survived.” Castiel looked down at Dean. Dean still breathed, his heart still beat, but he never opened his eyes, not once, since the forest. “Perhaps I am losing my mind. Like Joshua. You know he never knows what era he’s in? That must be disorienting.”
The man narrowed those damn blue, blue eyes and tilted his head. He stared at Dean for a heart-racing beat of silence, then said, “My name is Castiel.”
“No. It’s just--” Castiel folded his hands in his lap. He lowered his gaze to them, his eyelashes fluttering as he considered his words. “Difficult.”
“Don’t worry. I’ll get you there safely.” Sam jogged the short distance to catch up to the girl. “I’m Sam. What’s your name?”
As it turned out, outside the training ground and out from under the eye of the watchful knights, Pamela was
The Metatron wrote his own story. He wrote himself as the hero, the hero who destroyed the humans to gain the attention of God, and the hero who would bring his father back.
“Don’t worry, Cas,” Dean said as he took up vigil by the fire, “I won’t let any nasty little rabbits disturb you.” He turned and watched Castiel sink into the pillow with closed eyes. Dean's tone became less teasing and more serious. “Or anything.”
Cas makes love to Dean. It’s a phrase Dean’s never liked but it’s the only way to describe it. Cas rests his forehead against Dean, kissing him gently after every whimper, every moan. When Dean opens his eyes he sees Cas watching him, his eyes dark with arousal but bright with love.
“Not that I’m the one to judge,” Ash said, sitting down on the bedroll on the opposite side from Sam, “but maybe you shouldn’t use the hard stuff while you’re still growing.”
"I suppose it's a good thing we're near the showers," Castiel said. "What do you say to using one together?"
Sam closed the book, breaking Castiel’s long held stare on the illustration’s wings. Sam waited for an answer to his question, long after most of the library cleared out.
A frantic pounding at the door spared Sam from having to come up with a response. Aaron answered the door. A runner gasped for breath in the doorway, his eyes wide and frantic as he searched the room.
Dean laughed, his smile bright despite the blood and dirt on his face. He opened his arms as he closed in on Castiel. Castiel did not move from the moment he saw Dean to the moment Dean wrapped his arms around him in a warm, grateful hug.
and then Heaven started falling from the sky. We tried to run. Some of us got out. Some of us didn’t. The tidal wave took a lot of our people. We’re still trying to find any survivors we can.” Sam sighed. “There’s a lot of casualties.”
Castiel glanced at Dean. Eyes bright and cheeks flushed, Castiel could see every freckle Dean earned over his lifetime. He never could say no to that face. Castiel’s foot was on the brake before he consciously thought about it.
Dean peered into the dark, tree-lined highway. Baby's headlights were the only source of illumination for miles around. Dean’s tired eyes struggled to focus on the image.
Flanked by two heavily armed knights, the King emerged. Crown sitting comfortably upon his head, King Adam walked among the people on his journey to the stage. The people cleared the way and dropped to their knees as he passed.
Dean glanced at Benny, intending to send him a scowl. When Dean saw the worry bleeding through Benny’s casual exterior, he softened. Dean loosened his hold on the werewolf and pulled back his sword. He stayed close, however, so the werewolf would not try to run.
"Who says there's something going on between us?" Castiel glanced up in time to see Sam's reflection roll his eyes.
The pounding in Castiel’s head was definitely a hangover. Castiel did not know he could get hangovers. His constitution was much stronger than the average human. What a wonderful discovery for him. An excellent start to an excellent day.
Dean used one hand to open Sam’s palm. With the other, he put the ring into Sam’s hand and closed his fingers.
“I’m no guardian. I’m just trying to make amends.” Castiel leaned forward and clasped his hands together over his knees. He focused on his hands as he spoke. “The day I met you was the one and only time I entered your village since I destroyed it. I wanted to see its recovery. Rather selfish of me, really.”
The two heartbeats of Sam and Bobby were slow and measured, the rhythm of deep sleep. Good. Alone in the darkness of the kitchen, Dean and Castiel would not be disturbed. The fact that Dean called Him in the early hours of the morning, sober and with his family asleep, meant Dean did this of his own volition. It was an encouraging development.
“Oh, Castiel, I’ll be back.” The woman’s human veneer dissolved, leaving behind an empty shadow. “You can count on it.”
Castiel allowed himself a moment to take in the picture before him. Dean gazed up at Castiel, his face full of awe, his skin flushed, his lips still shining from their kisses. His eyes seemed more green somehow, his freckles stood out over his shoulders, and his sweatpants did nothing to hide his erection.
“The real question,” the Captain said, drawing the rest of the group's attention, “is how we’re getting into Heaven in the first place.”
“To defend the stronghold at all costs.” The Captain sighed. “But I’m so tired of sending soldiers to their deaths. I hoped you had a better option.”
"We were always taught that the All-Father was everything, that He was infallible. I have been questioning it for years." Castiel leaned forward, all his attention on Lenore. "Tell us."
Instantly, Castiel was at attention. He dropped his blade into his hand and rolled his weight onto the balls of his feet. While he was prepared for a fight, Castiel was not ready.
“The lore says this Metatron is a Celestial,” Sam said, once he regained everyone’s attention. “So, Pamela, does Kevin here feel like one?”
Lightning sliced through the air, illuminating Castiel’s way. Like a sailor diving into an unknown sea, Castiel used his arms to cut through the air. He fell faster, faster, faster, and thunder echoed in his ears.
Dean cut him off with a raised hand. “Oh, that? My name’s Winchester. I’ve heard worse. Much worse.”
Castiel could have launched into platitudes, could have used some soft words to ease Balthazar’s heart. However, Balthazar spoke the truth and Castiel could not help but feel vindication when he said it out loud. Looking up at Balthazar now, Castiel no longer felt the same heat, the same spark that he felt years ago. Castiel still had his memories, still had a certain fondness for the Celestial sitting across from him, but any love he may have felt was all in the past.
“It’s why most of the ladies haven’t tried.” Pamela shrugged. “The Winchesters are kind of a package deal.”
Harvelle’s rang with song as the night grew long, Missouri’s strong voice leading them into the chorus. All mugs were filled, all questions were answered a thousand times over, and, for a while, all Dean’s work was done. He sat alone with his back to the bar, nursing a final beer he held in his lap, and looked out over the scene before him.
It was not the noise that disturbed Dean, not really. His years growing up in a room above Harvelle’s taught Dean how to sleep through most anything. No, what kept Dean awake were the dreams.
Dean parked in front of the Lebanon Hardware Store— really, that's what they called it— between a dirty hatchback and a rusted pickup truck. Dean smiled at the huge tent taking up most of the lot. The owner— named Dave, which Dean learned during one of his nine thousand trips to the store— went all out on the garden display this year. Awesome.
“I never meant to,” John said. “I always planned to come back after I took down the thing that killed your mom.”
Joshua glowed. He stood tall, the hunch in his back gone, and both his hands lay at his sides, steady and strong. He smiled, the white of his teeth bright against his dark complexion. Castiel could not look away from the full radiance of the Son of God.
The Leviathan were converging. Every ripple, every pulse, heralded the arrival of another part of the original Creature. The pieces came from all parts of Purgatory, from land and water, to return to where they all began.
Another endless day in Purgatory passed. Or maybe it was the same day. Nothing changed so there was no way for Castiel to know for sure.
Looking down at all those expectant faces, Dean thought for sure he was falling. "Uh, hi. I'm Dean Winchester. Uh--"
Their progress was slow but Dean's steps became more assured the closer they got to the Gate. Balthazar watched their progress. He crossed his arms and tapped his foot but said nothing in the face of Castiel’s warning glare.
“Why?” Dean asked the floor. “Why do people do that? Is it worth it? Is this war worth it? Are people worth it? Am
The lines on Joshua's face deepened. "Castiel, I'm sorry, truly, but this is how the story ends. The Garden told me. It's fate."
For the first time, Dean noticed the other two people in the room. "Oh. Uh, cool. Thanks. How'd you do it?"
"Oh, uh…" Dean secured his grip on Baby Cas, wondering what number of months matched Baby Cas's size. "He's older than time, actually. He's just circled back around to the baby stage."
Just as Sam drifted off to sleep, a soft knock at his door made him sit up. He thought he imagined it but he opened the door anyway. Dean stood in the doorway, a sheepish grin on his face.
Almost everyone was at the table when Sam entered the throne room. In unison, they turned their heads at his entrance. Even Kevin glanced up from his papers for half a second.
The cliff shattered, falling to pieces into the chasm’s open mouth. The dark chasm's hunger would never be sated. Cracks and fissures appeared in the stone at Sam and Dean’s feet. Castiel tugged the unresponsive brothers onto an unbroken patch before the stone collapsed out from under them.
Dean had a long day, and an even longer night with a damn near-death experience and a world changing discovery that his star was an adorable guy who spent time watching over him, so Dean figured sleep would come as soon as his head hit the pillow. It didn't.
“Yeah.” Dean cleared his throat. “Then he goes off on this mission. I can’t help but feel like that was because of me.”
“It means,” Castiel said, taking slow steps back to Dean, “that I sweat and I’m ticklish and I get hungry and…”
A whole host of congratulations followed. Captain Singer was the loudest of all. The king smiled, finding no reason to end the celebration and begin their meeting. Everyone needed a chance to revel in good news, himself included.
“Yeah, that’s probably for the best.” Ash reached up, trying to pat Sam on the head. Sam stretched himself to his full height. Ash settled with a bop on Sam’s nose. “Well, we’ll report back our findings. See you tomorrow, little dude.”
His hands cradling Dean’s face, Cas pressed their foreheads together. “Yes.” He ran a thumb over Dean’s bottom lip. “Yes, I still want that.”
Cas sat in the middle of the bed, clutching a pillow to his bare chest. His hair stood straight up, like he had been running his hands through it thousands of times, and the old grey sweatpants he wore were dotted with dark stains. The whites of his eyes were stark against the dark circles around them, the blue irises darting back and forth. The fear in them shocked Dean, but that wasn't what made Dean freeze.
The Gate swung inward without a sound. The group walked through. Anael pointedly stared at a fixed point on her desk. That was where Baltazar left the box when he passed her.
The shadows moved behind the trees. The leaves rustled. The dirt showed the impression of paw prints.
"I remember that. That was when I…." Cas trailed off. Dean didn’t pressure him to continue. Freeing one hand out from under Dean's, Cas raised it to indicate a star just below Cas's former spot. "That's Balthazar he is—" Cas paused. "He
"I'm not quite as luminescent these days." Castiel pointed to the left of his head. "The lion has been sleeping for years."
Dean had changed. He stood tall, his broad shoulders thrown back with the authority of a warrior. When he moved, his muscles, defined and strengthened by years of training, were evident even under his leather armour. The stubble dusted across his cheeks defined his sharp cheekbones.
The Celestials did not keep the humans in line out of mercy. It was fear. The very mortality the Celestials feared was the human's greatest strength. He understood that when he saw the steel in the mother’s eyes as she burned.
Dean dropped his shovel and sat in the grass, rummaging in the bag of seeds. That way, he could hide the stupid-looking grin stretching across his face.
Two months later, Sam takes Dean to the grocery store. It’s a small thing, but it’s a way to get him around other people. Dean doesn’t like it. He appreciates what Sam’s doing all the same.
“Jo?” Charlie raised an eyebrow at Dean. He nodded, confirming she was the Jo from his stories. Charlie hummed. “Wow. Dean never told me you were so… strong.”
They spent the rest of the day digging holes in the soil, planting seeds, and running to the brook to fill Cas's new watering can. They didn't talk much, but they fell into an easy rhythm as they worked together, planting rows of sweet peas in a place Cas assured Dean they would grow.
“There’s letting off steam and then there’s being self-destructive.” Charlie reached across the bed, laying her hand on Dean’s arm. “Sam agrees with me, you know.”
The Winchesters brothers, just the two of them, climb into Baby for one last drive across the United States. They take their time, stopping whenever they please to do whatever they want. Dean makes Sam eat at all the diners so Dean can update his Top Ten Cheeseburgers List. Sam drags Dean into stuffy museums and dark libraries. He sends a bunch of photos to Eileen, some of them for work, some of them just for memories. Dean makes Sam promise to provide him with copies of those last ones.
One good thing about the new title was they people got out of the way as soon as they saw Dean approach. If Dean made good time, he knew he could catch Castiel before he left with Balthazar for a meeting with Lenore.
“A chair.” The Captain threw his hands up. Rufus pushed them down and shot the Captain a warning glare. Captain Singer took a deep breath and visibility forced himself to calm. “I…
“The Empty isn’t designed to keep humans in,” Cas says. “I’ve been mapping the place. There is a weak point at the edge. I suspect you two will be able to expose it.”
Castiel's hands caressed the sensitive skin of Dean’s back. His lips kissed the nape of Dean’s neck. His thighs bracketed Dean’s hips, squeezing him, rocking him. Dean gasped as he and Castiel moved together, hands searching for something, anything, to hold on to. Castiel thrust deeper into Dean and Dean thought this time, for sure, he would float away.
Dean leaned back then discarded the now empty paste container. He took his time finding a clean bandage. “Okay. Fine. I was ordered.”
“A bet--” Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “Whatever. I’m not asking him on a, a--” Dean winced. “A date.”
Star hummed but did not comment. They pressed the needle into Castiel’s skin and returned to their task.
Ruby led him to a dusty section where a huge sign which read 'restricted' hung overhead. Sam learned that word due to Frank pointing it out on his first visit. He was told, in no uncertain terms, that he should never be caught poking around those kinds of shelves.
And Dean’s crying now. He’s crying and he can’t stop it. Dean buries his face in Cas’s neck and clings to him because he’s here, he’s alive, he’s real.
The rope came undone in Castiel’s hands. He could fight his way out now. Something stopped him. Something in the eyes of the vampires as they turned together made Castiel wait.
The sword was as much a part of Castiel as his heart. It gleamed in his hands-- that part of the legend was true-- reacting to the presence of the Creatures of the Night. The power in Castiel's blood and the power in his sword worked in balance. Together, Castiel and his sword were a fearsome sight.
That was not their relationship at all. They hadn't defined their relationship, actually, but it certainly wasn't
“Ellen,” Missouri said when Ellen walked by with her hands full of clean glasses, “I see you put your boy right to work.”
Dean mumbled a wordless acknowledgment. Castiel noticed the pink flush on Dean’s cheeks, but he attributed it to exhaustion.
They stood before Lawrence. Carts and travelling merchants, eager to return to work after a lean winter, pushed past them and forced Dean and Castiel off the road. Dean stared at the town entrance, at the low crumbling wall that did nothing to keep anything out or in, and did not reply.
"You will always be the Celestial who razed entire human settlements to the ground. You will always be the Celestial who sent his people into battle knowing it would get them killed. You will always be the Celestial who lies, lies, lies. Even now." The other Castiel closed in, radiating all the light and power Castiel had lost, and whispered into Castiel's ear, "Do you really think you could be forgiven for that,
“Seriously, Lenore, I know it’s been a while,” Benny said, “but your guard dog had no clue about me.”
The illusion shattered when the tip of a sword pressed into his throat and an authoritative voice said, “State your business.”
Dean set aside the bowl which held his morning rations and titled his head back to see Castiel. “What is it?”
By the time Castiel joined the brothers, Dean sat beside Sam with his head in his hands. Dean never looked up.
“Sparky!” Dean extends his open palms. Sparky, now a rainbow coloured golf ball of light, hops right into them. “Hey, buddy! I thought I lost you. Sorry I was gonna throw you at Death.” Sparky rings and titters happily, spinning as it makes a figure eight.
A month passed and the days grew shorter, heralding the arrival of the cold season. Dean cursed the loss of daylight as he tried, and failed for the umpteenth time, to hit the bullseye with his arrow. On second thought, he would settle for just hitting the target.
His past came out to meet him. When Sam returned to the main part of the library, he saw a vision in white, just like he had so many years ago.
A group of humanoid shapes appeared on the horizon, coming from the forest. They seemed to be the size of the average man. Sam blinked. They seemed to be the size of men but only at their current distance.
The fresh ink and paper he requested that morning awaited Castiel, laid out neatly on his desk. Castiel walked past it when he entered his room. Embers glowed in the fireplace. Someone had made sure his room would be warm and inviting upon his return. As he stripped off his sword and armour and put on a nightshirt, he sent out a silent thanks to that person. Perhaps, in the morning, he would find them and thank them.
As soon as Dean takes Sparky back, it hurries back to its previous spot on Dean’s shoulder. That seems to be its favourite place. Dean's okay with that.
Castiel narrowed his eyes at the counter question and did not break his stare. Dean’s reassuring grin faltered and he reached under his desk in an excuse to look away.
“No. I-- I--” Dean scraped the side of the bowl with his spoon, unable to summon the appetite to finish his meal. “I didn’t know.”
This day, of all days, was the absolute worst. Castiel almost skipped it. He did not want to look into the eyes of so many hopeful souls and know, in a year’s time, more than half of them would be dead. He went anyway. If one had to lead an army, one should know his flock. Castiel learned that lesson long ago.
Sam and Bobby found Dean alone, slumped in the corner of the warehouse with his head bowed as he tried to catch his breath. Sam and Bobby asked after Dean's wellbeing over and over again. Dean answered in the affirmative after the fifth time.
“Didn’t you hear me before?” Sam asked, altering their course to avoid a line of foes. “It’s all gonna be okay.”
Benny watched Castiel with an air of disbelief. He had never seen Castiel laugh, let alone giggle. It had a similar feel of watching a hellhound wag its tail. Considering hellhounds were invisible, it was quite a sight.
Dean headed down the dark, empty streets of the Capital. The fresh spring breeze caressed him as he walked, cooling the sweat on his skin. He turned the corner and headed for the castle.
Dean joined the man, sitting in the soft grass. Watching the man work, Dean noticed the stoop in the man's shoulders seemed permanent. The old man held his left hand against his chest. On the occasions he used that hand, it shook and he could not properly bend his fingers.
“Hey,” Dean said from beside the long-cold fire. When Castiel turned to see him, Dean’s face was understanding. “Looks like you needed that rest after all.”
It was not forgiveness. Castiel and Balthazar both knew they could never be as they were before. However, Castiel understood what Bathazar’s actions meant. He turned his back on everything-- on Heaven itself-- to assist Castiel.
Checking the ammo in his sawed-off shotgun one last time— yep, still silver— and grabbing a flashlight, Dean sighed and slammed the Impala's trunk closed. His father had given him the vehicle after sending him on his first solo hunt, though Dean had been taking care of her long before that. Patting the bumper, Dean left the dirt parking lot of the campground and entered the woods.
They did not talk about the War. For one night, they chose to ignore it. For one night, they raised their glasses and made a toast to the future.
Dean licked his lips. He could not think. He could not concentrate, not when the training grounds faded out around him. All he could see was Castiel. All he could think about was the closeness of their faces. All he could imagine was what would happen if Castiel moved down just a little bit more.
Sam breathed deeply, then licked his lips. He looked up at the double doors looming over him and signalled the guards to open them.
His task complete, Castiel dropped to the dirt. He wiped the ooze out of his eyes and stared straight ahead. Purgatory looked exactly the same.
“Oh, come on! This is supposed to be a battle!” The Empty waves its goblet. Black shadows spill over the edges, dropping into the infinite nothing below. “Where is it?”
of this tower before now? And there is only one Celestial here.” Balthazar faced Castiel, his humour fading away. “Well, a Celestial and a half.”
Castiel attempted a reassuring smile. Dean could tell something bothered Castiel. The lines at the corners of his mouth spoke of tension. Most people would not notice but Dean had learned to read Castiel.
He paid attention now. The halls of Hell stretched on forever. The walls were lit by the flickering of unseen candles. Screams echoed from hidden rooms-- with no doors and no escape-- behind the walls. Every single one of those rooms could hold Sam or Dean. Every chorus of screams could hold the brothers’ voices. Every time, there was little Castiel could do but walk further down the hall.
It’s pure white on the other side, a sharp contrast to the previous blackness. Dean blinks to clear his vision but it’s hard to see beyond the bloom. A hand rests on Dean’s shoulder, the touch gentle. Dean blinks again and Cas’s face comes into focus. He smiles.
"Then there's Kurbrick," Castiel continued, "though he sounds more like a nuisance than a friend. He was, however, the first person to help you learn how to read."
It was a good thing Castiel still held Dean because, otherwise, Dean would have collapsed. Dean swayed in place and his whole body threatened to topple over. Castiel’s face swirled into an odd array of colours when Dean tried to focus. Dean could not keep upright. Dean’s forehead hit Castiel’s shoulder on the way down. Even in his state, Dean could not help but think it was a nice place to land.
But, once again, Dean left before Cas woke up. In the morning, Dean began to worry. Dean began to worry that the night before was a fluke, that Dean had somehow messed everything up.
“No, you dummy, that’s not--” Meg made a noise of frustration. “Why do you think I was so pissed at him? Huh? Did you know he made sure I wouldn’t be able to open the portal again? No Celestial blood, no portal. Despite that he made me promise to get you-- and that kid-- outta there but not--”
“Yeah,” the Captain said. “You know, you didn’t answer my question before. Is everything good with you?”
Castiel lowered his sword but kept it at the ready. The man struggled to stand up, pressing against the wound with one hand. Sweat dripped from his brow and his mouth was drawn into a deep frown. When he met Castiel’s eyes, Castiel saw no hint of the Demon. Castiel saw a worried human.
Dean stays in the bunker. He mans the phones. He looks up the lore. He makes sure there’s a meal on the table when the two of them come home.
Castiel blinked. Blinked again. It took him a moment to process that he did, in fact, hear his name. His nickname. “Meet… me?”
“She broke it off,” Dean said. “Claimed my job made being together too hard. She was probably right but I turned it into a big fight at the time. Before she kicked me out of her house and slammed the door in my face, she said that I was always holding back. She said that it seemed like I was thinking about someone else.”
The Metatron raised Kevin’s hand, the skin crackling with golden lightning. With an open palm, the Metatron hit Castiel in the centre of his chest. The impact knocked him off his feet and launched him into the door behind him. The wood cracked and splintered, scratching Castiel’s face as he burst through. He stopped when he hit the stone wall in the hallway, hard. Slumping down the wall and breathing hard, Castiel glanced up at the confused guards still by the broken door.
A hand over his eyes to shield himself from the bright sunlight, Dean followed the path of Castiel’s outstretched hand. He saw only the sky.
Dean found Castiel like that, sitting on the edge of the bed with a confused, soft, sleepy look on his face, and dropped the clean blanket he was carrying.
Door 1219 was already opened when Castiel reached it. Kelly Kline, sitting on the edge of the bed, did not notice Castiel at first. She smiled down at her swollen belly, humming a soft tune. Castiel remembered hearing that melody before, the one about the itsy bitsy spider, because Kelly herself taught him.
There are people in and out of the bunker all hours of the day. It’s a good thing. It’s also overwhelming. Claire makes fun of Dean for hiding in his room but Dean just shakes it off.
Even Balthazar turned against Castiel. The entire Host, all of them once under his command, stared down at him with hate.
Azazel punched Dean, sending him flying to the other side of the cliff. Dean gasped and fought to recover his balance, unable to stand. A bruise formed on his eye, blurring Azazel's approach.
Cas stood from the bed but, before he could head out the door and leave Dean's life forever, Dean reached out and grabbed Cas's wrist.
Charlie touched Kevin’s shoulder and offered him a reassuring smile. Sam crossed his arms and raised an eyebrow at Pamela.
Warm and comfortable pressed against Castiel's side, Dean did not like the idea of leaving the bed. He had too. There was a lot to do. There was a lot of preparation for the coming battle. There were a lot of tasks and not a lot of time.
“Yes.” There was no need for Castiel to lie. The rumours had been swirling ever since Dean’s identity was revealed.
It was just like that. It was just that easy. It was just a soft little peck on the lips and yet it was everything.
Sam ran his hands through his-- far too long, according to Dean-- hair and stood. He refused to think about Hell. He refused to think about his father, his brother and, most of all, he refused to think about Castiel.
On their tenth wedding anniversary, Dean lounged on the porch swing and watched the sun set in pink and blues, matching the forget-me-nots and sweet peas blooming across the meadow. Dean and Cas planted them together, just like they had back when this all started.
The Mother's smile was sharp. “No, you wouldn’t. Her husband never did either. I’ll tell you, though. She was a warrior in her own right. She took down many of my children in her youth, long before she met her lover. She came from a long line of mercenaries but wanted a peaceful life. So, she settled down in a quiet village and became a mother. A mother who would do anything for her children.” One hand clutched to her wound and the other braced against the wall, the Mother pushed herself to her feet. She looked down upon Castiel. “I felt a certain kind of kinship with her.”
There was something there, something in Castiel’s words, that Dean needed to parse out but it was so hard to concentrate, so hard to think, when Castiel was so close. Castiel reached out and cupped Dean’s cheek. Dean watched Castiel, watched as that sad smile crawled across his face, and leaned into the touch. Castiel pulled his hand away, his fingers ghosting along Dean’s jaw, and stood. Dean watched Castiel walk away.
None of those options appealed to Dean. He brought his friends here, all of them, and he could not figure out a way to help them, a way to not leave anyone behind. He stood in the middle of the battlefield, paralyzed by his need to make a decision.
Aaron stirred. Dean shoved the glass of water into Aaron’s hands before he opened his eyes. At Dean’s urging, Aaron drank it.
“Link?” Castiel’s realization hit him like a lightning bolt. “That’s how Metatron has been controlling the Creatures. Though you.”
A loud honk started Dean. Baby swerved out of the opposite lane that Dean hadn't noticed he drifted into, barely avoiding the semi-truck barreling towards them. The bright headlights seared into Dean’s eyes as he came back to awareness.
“Well, you haven’t killed me yet so something’s holding you back.” Azazel carefully turned his neck and flicked his eyes to Dean. “Or someone.”
Castiel put himself at risk to tell him all this information. If word got out about Castiel’s ability, humans would flock to him from the entire Realm. There were so many sick humans out there, so many people in need of aid, and Dean knew, without a doubt, that Castiel would help every one of them if they asked.
Oh, it was something, but Cas looked happy. Dean let Cas keep his secrets. Dean held the packets out to Cas, spreading them like a pack of cards.
A hacking cough wracked the werewolf. He spat blood at Dean’s feet, then looked up with a smile. Blood dripped from his teeth.
Maybe it was a flimsy rationalization-- maybe he hardly tried-- but Dean turned down the covers on the other side of the bed, blew out the candle, and settled in to sleep.
"Cas!" Dean shouted, because he remembered now, remembered everything. He yelled to be heard over the vengeful spirit's favourite party trick: icy, howling wind. "Help Sam!"
Dean felt sick. He returned to his room, his breaths coming shallow and fast, and tucked himself into bed. He lay in the darkness, forcing himself to calm down. Something was wrong. Dean could feel it. That woman had no business saying things like that to his brother. She had no business touching Sam. A grown woman and his baby brother should never interact like that.
The beach appeared all the same to Castiel through the glare of sunlight. He wondered if he made any progress at all.
Stars shone on the horizon. The soft silver light of the full moon reflected in the water. A shadow appeared in the middle of the moon in the shape of a Celestial, wings blotting out the sky. Castiel stood, waiting, watching the figure walk across the water, every step sending ripples toward him.
If Sam had looked up from the book, he would have noticed the way Castiel shifted in his seat. He would have noticed Castiel twitch his shoulders. In fact, he may have even noticed how carefully Castiel made his face blank. As it was, Sam stared at the illustration, wondering what it would be like to step out of the Flame fully grown. Maybe then he would be tall enough to reach the top shelf.
A loud wingbeat interrupted Dean’s question. Any other thoughts he may have had were gone as soon as he saw who returned with him.
"Dean Winchester," the demon said, his nasal voice laced with such power and malice that Dean could do little more than stare. "I have been waiting for you for so long." The demon crouched. He held out a knife and caressed it over Dean's cheek. "We are going to have so much fun."
Three months. Three months and the recruits formed into something nearly respectable. Three months and Castiel had no chance to patrol the Realm and keep it safe from the Creatures of the Night. Captain Singer was more than willing to follow Castiel’s suggestions, sending knights in the Angel’s stead, but Castiel grew more restless each day. He was a wanderer at heart, the type of individual who could never sit still and was never content to let others act in his stead. When he commanded the Celestial army he always led from the front. Yet, here he was, left behind while a squad of knights chased after rumours of rugarus.
All at once, the weight lifted from his back. A heavy weapon thumped into the hellhound’s flank, throwing it clear of the area. Sam did not let the reprieve go to waste. He lunged for his dagger and scrambled to his feet. He whirled around, his weapon at the ready, and his jaw dropped.
Dean shook his head and turned around. He faced the road, the sky shimmering with aurora borealis even in the daylight because it wasn’t really the road. It was the Axis Mundi.
Dean rolled his eyes and took the glasses from Ellen’s hands. He put them away, smiling to himself as he listened to the two women chat about the harvest and town news. The village really was taking care of Ellen. It was comforting to know she would not be alone even after Dean left.
“Yeah, that. All these illustrations show Celestials with wings. Is that real or just another crazy thing?”
Bow still in hand, Dean turned around. Those blue, blue eyes stared at him, hardly visible in the lamplight, but Dean felt warm all over again. Castiel took the bow from Dean’s loose grip.
Dean's heart beat rapidly— a bit of fear and a bit of something more— at a faster pace than the two hearts outside the door. Those hearts belonged to Sam and Bobby. Their rhythm had grown familiar to Castiel throughout their time together during the Apocalypse. Back then, His grace had been so weak He could only note the patterns. Now, he knew that Sam had consumed large amounts of caffeine that day and Bobby's blood pressure was extremely elevated. Both of them were rather stressed.
The mercenaries clustered in their own group, a loud rowdy circle with Rufus at the centre. He shouted his orders to the mercenaries. The mercenaries shouted back. It was a contrast to the orderly soldiers but the method seemed to work. With one final battle cry, the mercenary group broke apart, ready and waiting to march.
The door to the Roadhouse opened. All Dean could see was a silhouette in the threshold but there was no mistaking that hair. It was all business in the front, party in the back.
Of course, Dean followed Castiel's gaze. One day, Dean would follow more. Dean pursed his lips and returned his attention to Castiel, his eyes shining and his pupils blown wide. He said nothing, but he did not have to. His body spoke for him.
The report came in that morning. Dean sent Garth’s platoon to a village in the eastern forest, whose elders pleaded for relief from nighty werewolf raids. Garth jumped at the call for help. He always wanted to help. That was why, when it became clear the village would be overrun, Garth launched a plan to help his troops and villagers escape. His plan worked but Garth had to stay behind. The village was overrun.
Dean was very aware of Castiel’s weight pressing him down and very aware of the heat rising to his cheeks. Dean cleared his throat but his voice still husky when he asked, ”Promise what?”
“Thousands. Perhaps more,” Cas says. “They don’t need vessels here. I suppose to you two, they look like white light.”
Smiling, Sam continued down the hallway. His steps were light. If Pamela joked around with him, then she could not have seen anything too bad. Pamela caught up to him at the throne room door, the guards on duty waiting for Sam’s signal to proceed
After he finished, he carried his candle over to the bedside table. On top of the blanket still wearing his sword, Castiel was fast asleep. Dean debated his options. He could wake Castiel, remind him that he had his own room and send him there. However, once he saw Castiel’s sleeping face, Dean could not do it. The lines on Castiel’s forehead and mouth had smoothed-- he carried around so much tension during the day-- and Dean knew Castiel rarely slept. No, waking Castiel was not an option. For a moment, Dean considered using Castiel’s room but he did not want to do that.
He needed more. More sanguis and all these awful feelings would go away. More of it and he would be in control again.
Sam peeked around the corner. This late in the day, most people would be heading back to their rooms or the dining hall for a snack before it closed for the night. The library was empty except for the two people sitting across from each other at a table a few feet from Sam. Castiel's seat faced Sam, a pile of books and papers laid out before him.
“Yeah.” Dean picked up the DVD, placed it in the player, and fiddled with the remote. “Sam’s bringing the popcorn. Jack better remember the drinks this time.” The television lit up with the movie menu. Dean flashed a self satisfied smirk. “You think freaking
A hand grabbed Castiel's shoulder. The hand made him whole. He grasped at the point of connection, letting it pull him back to his own time, his own space, his own vessel.
Castiel sat on the couch beside Miracle, scratching her behind the ears. She shifted, moving closer to Castiel, and rested her head in his lap. “I think she found her new favourite napping place.”
It’s impossible to tell how much time passes. Dean walks for a thousand years. Dean walks for thirty seconds. It’s infinite. It’s finite.
This is Heaven? The Heaven Dean deserves is a silent bar, an endless road, and a bridge in the middle of nowhere? That doesn’t feel right.
When Dean left the rose bushes and headed back through the field of irises, determined to rejoin Castiel and complete his mission, the flowers changed. Dean did not see it. The single rose Dean touched was no longer red, but white.
The crowd began to file out and the knights tried to regain some semblance of order. The recruits returned to their groups, their actions infused with new energy. When the space cleared out, Dean did not see Castiel. In fact, no one saw him leave. The Captain walked alone. Dean went back to his training, went back to achieve his goals, but every chance he had he looked for a man with dark hair and blue eyes. Weeks would pass before anyone in the castle saw Castiel again. Dean never stopped searching.
After the king agreed to assist Kevin, he went straight to work. Sam was assigned as overseer and was quickly learning that, while Sam was a workhorse, he had nothing on Kevin.
Castiel could breathe again but he missed the warmth. Sam gave Castiel and Dean one last significant look then turned to the eavesdropping healers. Sam clapped his hands and ordered them to work. They were eager to move.
"You and I both know it would not just be 'a little.'" Castiel's lips brushed against Dean's ear, his voice low with promise when he continued, "Don't worry, I'll make it up to you tonight."
“You see,” Azazel began, “Lucifer is a Celestial. But not just any Celestial. He defied God and, for that, he was cast out.”
Sparky agrees with Dean. When Dean stands beside Cas, Sparky leaps onto Cas’s shoulder. It hops up and down, dropping multicoloured sparks with each descent.
“Why would you? I never told you in my letters.” Ellen stood, a glass of whiskey in hand. She downed it. “Not that I can write much. You’re better than me, these days.”
Pamela laughed, her smile lighting up her whole face. “With lines like that, I know you’re a heartbreaker.”
“Oh, Sammy,” a voice said as he came out of the back alley. “Did you forget all about little old me?”
That did not matter to Sam. What mattered was, when Frank was deep in one of his arguments, Sam could wander the stacks to his heart's content.
Boards creaking underfoot, Meg strode into the cabin. She slammed the door behind her. Dean did not flinch.
If asked, Dean would say he did not run for the door but that was exactly what he did. Once the door was safely closed behind him, Dean let out a shaky sigh. He willed himself to calm down, clutching at his chest to feel his heart slow.
A sharp rock dug into the sole of his boot. Castiel kicked it away. Fallen leaves crunched underfoot, their edges tinged with the first hint of autumn. Every shadow, every gust of wind which loosed more leaves to the ground, made Castiel drop his hand to his sword and survey every corner, every hint of movement.
Dean offered Sam a smirk, though it was not much of one. Dean's attention drifted back to the empty chair beside him, a faraway look on his face.
There was that head tilt again. Dean noticed it more often these days. It could be that Dean began to take note of Castiel's mannerisms more and more over the last year. It could be that Castiel began to express himself more and more the closer he grew to his human charges. Perhaps it was a bit of both, a change affecting both of them.
Castiel did not answer. Instead, he crossed the room and dropped onto Dean’s bed. Dean waited for more but nothing happened. He shrugged and returned to packing up his day’s work.
The next morning, Dean didn’t leave before Cas woke up. He waited. That morning, they left the room together, hand and hand. When they entered the kitchen as one, Dean met Sam's eyes, saw the pointed look there, and waggled his eyebrows.
“You keep saying that.” Dean made a move toward Castiel but stopped halfway through as his proximity was clearly unwelcome. “What does that mean?”
“You will do as I say.” Castiel did not raise his voice but it was filled with the authority of someone with centuries of command, used to having his way.
He said it so sincerely, so easily that Dean ducked his head to hide the colour in his cheeks. He convinced himself it was from the heat of the fire and nothing else. That heat kept him warm all the way back to the tavern, even as the first snowfall of the year fell onto his uncovered head.
Dean didn’t have enough time to process the sudden change to an urgent mood before he was shoved through the door behind him. There was a long row of beds, with a few of them occupied by small sleeping bodies, and the standard hospital equipment in between each one.
Castiel ran his hands down Dean's naked chest and rested them on his hips. Dean shivered when Castiel added pressure.
And that was fine, up until Cas stopped responding to Sam and Dean’s knocks on the door and had gone silent.
The night was young, so Sam took the long way home. He whistled-- completely tuneless but he did not care-- as he walked the empty streets of the Capital. By the time he reached Andrea’s Tavern, the stars were high in the sky.
Dean had to wait another week for the flowers to show. Dean expected tiny green sprouts. Dean got bright pink flowers in full bloom instead.
“I’m sure you’ll have more luck. Well, I think I’ll go check in on the Captain. I think he’d yell less.”
knows the name Winchester.” Pamela leaned forward, looking around Aaron to Dean. “I’m sorry, honey.”
Castiel turned around. He blinked. He blinked again. He rubbed at his eyes and wondered if his exhaustion had begun to manifest in psychosis.
Shouts sounded from the training grounds as people returned from their meals. The clash of training swords echoed to the Captain’s door. Arrows thwacked against targets and knights led their recruits through rigorous training routines. Neither Castiel nor the Captain heard the commotion.
"An impala, actually." Castiel blinked with all his eyes. Dean watched the movement with wide-eyed wonder. "You're seeing my true form."
His eyes fully opened when he turned down the hall and heard footsteps near Dean’s room. Sam’s hand went to his belt, clutching the now familiar handle of Ruby’s knife, and stalked down the torch lit hallway with his back against the wall. Reaching the end of the hall, Sam saw one open door. It was not Dean’s room, but the one beside it. It was Castiel’s room.
“Aaron has it handled, remember? Relax, Dean, we’ll be fine.” Sam stepped forward and gripped Dean by both shoulders. “Now go find your Angel.”
“What?” The Captain growled, still annoyed by the news that his favourite cheap whiskey was sold out. There would not be more for another week.
Cas’s head drops. “I am sorry for that.” Cas squares his shoulders and raises his chin. “But not for protecting Dean. I won’t let you hurt him or Sam.”
Balthazar was already waiting when Castiel entered the room. Standing from his seat on the bed, Balthazar met Castiel at the door and handed him a filled travel pack.
The stark white light stayed still. The beeping machines became quiet. There were no scuffling feet and only one voice, a deep, low, calming voice.
"Then please trust me when I say that my intention is to help." Castiel sat straight backed in his chair, his face serious and his eyes far away. "But there aren't many Celestials who think like me."
Dean dressed and walked into the kitchen. Meg sat at the table with a bottle, as always. She never seemed to get drunk-- one had to wonder if Demons could-- but Dean never saw her consume anything that was not fermented liquid. Meg acknowledged Dean’s entrance with a nod that managed to come across as sarcastic before she continued to stare at the wall.
Captain Singer was silent for a moment, then said, “Thanks, I think. You’ve never told me you were leaving before.”
All those people were important. All those people were in danger. In less than a year's time, all those people could be gone.
The white flashes, blinking rapidly through all the colours of the rainbow before returning to normal. Dean only has time to make an inquisitive noise before Cas appears and sits down next to him.
Castiel was never intended to learn anything. After the fire at Lawrence, Castiel dug deep to find the truth. He learned about the Leviathan, the Metatron, and the worst thing of all.
. Light forced its way out of his mouth. He coughed and retched. The Metatron bent down to look Castiel in the eye.
Oh no. Dean. Dean was not going to like Sam's tardiness but Sam did not have a way to leave the library without revealing himself to be a snoop, if an unintentional one. Sam walked further down the shelf and picked a book at random. He waited a few moments and, with as much confidence he could muster, walked out from behind the shelf and toward the tables at the front of the library.
Pamela turned away from him without a word. She looked over at the desk on the other side of her, narrowing her eyes at Aaron's barely concealed giggles. On the opposite end of Garth's desk, Dean ignored the antics of the others. Dean propped his head up with his hand and struggled to keep his eyes open.
Attacks on the healer’s camp came more and more frequently. Sam spent his time alternating between fighting the Metatron’s Creatures and patching up the injured. Even with Benny and Andrea’s group assisting with defence, the War took its toll. No one spoke it aloud but everyone thought it: with so many breaks through the front lines, the battle on the beach could not be going well.
Balthazar's eyes flitted from one door to another, unable to discern a difference. "I, ah, don't think so."
“Yes. It feels like you.” Cas lets go of Dean’s hand and comes out from behind the counter. “Like a happy you.”
"People say a lot of things," Sam said. "They say he single-handedly took on an army of ghouls. They say he can heal any wound. A lot of people believe he's a Celestial. A lot of people believe he's not."
Castiel opened the door. Dean delayed in the entryway, poking his head inside and searching every corner of the room.
“Agreed,” Castiel said, a slight stagger in his stance as he stood. A slight one. “I think I’ll take you up on that room.”
“No, you didn’t wake me. The coffee did. Are you really about to chug some caffeine after a twelve-hour shift and overtime?” Dean asks, his eyebrows raised.
“We’ll give him a call tomorrow,” Dean says, yawning. “Maybe we can do a video chat—I wanna see his face when we tell him.” He grins. “Everything’s starting to come together. Feels good.”
They keep to an orderly schedule, with six hours of every day dedicated to prayer: hour-long sessions four times a day, with four half-hour sessions interspersed between the longer ones. They alternate on an additional half-hour session in the middle of the night.
They come to a sudden stop and Sam falls, landing on pavement. He opens his eyes on a brick church. It’s nighttime.
“It’s highly inappropriate,” Dean says, “so they recommend taking care of the erection right away, to avoid any embarrassment.”
He glances at his watch; it’s 11:55, and for a second he thinks it must be coming up to noon but he’s shocked to see that the date window still houses a seven—it’s not yet midnight. It feels like he’s slept for a year.
Still, even if that’s what he’s up against, he’s surprised that the Entity hasn’t made an appearance by now. He’s pretty sure, though, the longer he can put that confrontation off, the better. Right now he’d be hard-pressed to be peaceful, and according to Death they’ll need to negotiate with the Entity in order to get out of here.
“I wanted it to be nice,” Jack says. “I’m glad you like it.” He smiles, looking faintly embarrassed by the attention.
Sam says, “Martin Luther King Junior said, ‘The arc of the moral universe is long but it bends toward justice.’”
He looks over at Jack. “What I do know is that I dreamt of you and Sam and Dean often. One of my greatest regrets was that I wouldn’t get to see you, well… grow up.” He frowns, and the corner of his mouth quirks up into a regretful smile. “Jack, I hope you know I didn’t want to leave you.”
Dean smiles and goes over to the cupboard. “Nah, it’s fine. You can hang out here or do whatever you want. I’ll let you know when it’s ready.”
Castiel chuckles. He closes the box and smiles down at it. “Thank you,” he says, looking up at Dean. “I’m… unspeakably touched, and I look forward to the day we exchange these.”
Dean whirls around, finger raised. “I don’t need you to…” He freezes and slowly drops his hand, staring at Castiel, lips parted in stunned silence.
He doesn’t recognize any of them, until he comes across a woman who seems vaguely familiar. He thinks it might be Raphael but he can’t be certain; they’d only run into each other for about five minutes, nine or ten years ago. Whoever it is, he doesn’t try to wake anyone, just keeps going.
Every now and then he misses Sam, but Sam’s not far and he’s also happy, and that’s enough to help Dean get over the feeling when it surfaces. That, and the times when it’s just him and Cas.
Jack had turned to Sam. “How about… when he gets back, we give him a hint, and see if he finds it within a day.”
Occasionally, he’ll come across one of their crumpled forms, and it never stops being unsettling. Just like the one Crowley had shown him, they’re all dreaming: hands and mouths twitching as their eyes roll around behind their eyelids.
Dean catches sight of the tip of Castiel’s dark wing and the corner of his billowing trenchcoat, but then Jack’s wings appear, blocking his sight. They shine in the light of the fire that surrounds them, bright and glittering like they’ve been dipped in gold dust.
He remembers the rush of shame, his lip split and his face mottled with bruises, as he stood in their run-down little house, desperately trying not to think of it now as shabby. How could he have ever forgotten their divinity?
His eyes water reflexively and it stings; he tugs his hand from his pocket and wipes the tears away before his eyelashes can freeze.
Dean drags air into his lungs, and his voice is ragged when he finally says, “I fucking hate you.” Angry tears well in his eyes.
“You got a crummy mattress?” Dean says, squinting at Sam. “Mine’s good. We can swap yours out with one of the other ones, if you want.”
Everything is whirling shades of white, the crunch of snow, the shock of ice down the back of his neck.
Dean looks around for an alternative, but as far as he can tell, the beach is a secluded inlet, and he can feel from the pull that this is the way he’s supposed to go. Based on what Alastair said, it seems likely that everyone else is bent on using him as a way out, but he’s not going to take any chances.
Jack nods, smiling. “Deal.” He opens the laptop but then says, “I do have a bet with Sam about how long it’ll take you to find the secret passageway that we found. But I don’t think that counts as a secret deal.”
The bunker is alive in a way it hasn’t been for decades. The air is electric with a heady mix of the edginess borne of living in an apocalyptic hellscape, and the elation of being safe, after thinking it wasn’t possible to ever feel safe again.
Dean has no idea where he is, but the ground beneath him is a chaotic arrangement of bright green fields and emerald clusters of trees, getting closer by the second. Distantly, Dean thinks,
Dean nods and sucks in a breath, then pulls Sam and Jack into a small huddle, one hand on each of their shoulders.
“This could take... a while,” Sam says, and Dean catches his knowing tone. “He’s not going to want it to seem like he’s at our beck and call, and he doesn’t have any incentive to move at our pace—a human pace. We might have to keep at this for a long time.”
Sam makes his way through the trees to their camp, where they’d pitched the tent earlier. Jack has lit the fire.
As Dean gets close to the house he doesn’t bother looking for Castiel’s truck. When Cas had stopped using it and winter was drawing in, Dean had finally snatched the keys from the hook in the kitchen and moved it into the garage himself, so he didn’t have to see it every damn time he pulled in the driveway.
“We’re gonna head out,” Dean says, jerking a thumb over his shoulder. “Jack, you still okay to stay with Unit Two tonight?”
“Sadly, we’re out of time,” Alastair says. “Or you are, anyway.” He shakes his head. “Your angel isn’t coming to save you, and neither is your brother. And you’re not going to get any further on your precious quest.”
“Nah, I got this. I know you’re itchin’ to dig into that library.” He starts to go, then turns back to Sam.
“In the meantime,” Dean says, rolling over to face Castiel, “we’re staying here until that fire burns out.” He kisses Castiel, long and slow. “And after that,” he murmurs, nuzzling Cas and kissing him again, “we’ll go home.”
He closes his eyes, locates the pull, then tacks the boat so he can follow it—and is stunned when his eyes fall on the shore.
Head bowed, Dean sees his blood-spattered reflection in the pool on the floor. There’s a grating feeling in his bones, like his skull is twisting, and in the flickering torchlight his face shifts, briefly resembling Alastair’s before returning to normal. Dean shuts his eyes, terrified.
Dean struggles against Alastair’s grip, but Alastair doesn’t budge. He doesn’t even blink. Dean was already exhausted the moment he stepped onto the shore, and Alastair is easily stronger than him even without his demonic abilities.
“Leave me,” he says. His voice is low and commanding, his face perfectly composed, and Sam is struck by the stark difference between him and Lucifer.
Then he spies the Valiant. It’s parked on the curb, right where it had been when they’d pulled up to the house, already too late, and—
The sudden lack of tension has him and Sam and Amara crashing to the ground, like they’ve just lost a game of tug of war—only they’ve won it.
He stands there for a moment, breathing hard, eyes closed. A bead of sweat drips down his forehead and he concentrates on it. He’d never figured out how this worked in Purgatory: sweating, despite not replenishing any fluids. Dean swipes at his brow, then frowns at a small scrape on his hand. No need for food, water, or sleep, but he can still bleed. Good to know.
“Chicago,” Michael says, looking down at the floor. “Adam’s mother brought him here a couple of times when he was a child. Weekend trips.” He pauses and then says softly, “He saw an exhibit about the human body at the Museum of Science and Industry, and it made him want to become a doctor.”
He climbs just as carefully as before, but this time he’s more confident. His knee isn’t going to fail him, and he’s already fallen once. If he falls again, he’s just going to get up again.
Dean climbs up the other side of the gully with some difficulty, digging his hands into the dirt and trying not to imagine coming into contact with another buried sleeper.
Dean stares at the message, and a vague feeling of not being deserving creeps up on him. After a few moments, he realizes Castiel still hasn’t answered his question—not really.
the Apocalypse to happen. I never blamed you.” He swallows. “Me, on the other hand…” He shakes his head and looks away. “I have a lot to blame myself for.”
Alex smiles. “I know I’ll figure things out. I’ve got a house full of people who love me, and Patience is always just a text away. But what about you? Your family’s not far away, but if you’re in that house by yourself all the time, that’s no good, right…?”
the ‘something old,’” Castiel says, grinning a little, and Mary laughs. “I’m about as old as it gets,” he murmurs.
Claire’s voice fades a little as she pulls the phone away from her mouth and speaks to someone else. “Yeah, he did.” Then she’s talking to him again. “Those logs are spelled! We use them for Kaia’s dreamwalking.” She groans loudly. “We didn’t know you were going up there, otherwise we would have told you.”
“I don’t just mean you and me and Mom, Dean. I’m talking about Jack and Cas, too.” Dean looks over at Sam, surprised, and the fear churning inside of him recedes a little. Sam goes on, “I’m not sure the bunker is the best place for Jack to grow up. I feel like he should have… fresh air, and experiences that don’t revolve around hunting. I was talking to him the other day and he said he thought he might like to go to school someday. Have a pet. Normal kid stuff.”
Because it’s always been about fear. Fear of change, fear of losing the people he loves, fear of making himself vulnerable.
“A trail—he was here recently.” Jack’s eyes are glowing, his gaze unfocused as he peers at something beyond Sam’s perception. “I think I can see where he went.” The glow fades and he turns to Sam. “We might need to move fast.” He offers Sam his hand.
The two of them are standing in the kitchen with mugs of coffee, while Castiel and Eileen sit on the couch in the living room having their own signed conversation. Callie sits at Castiel’s feet, her chin resting on his leg as he strokes her golden head. Whenever he pulls his hand away to respond to Eileen, Callie stares up at him, waiting patiently for him to resume petting her.
It has to be—he and Jack are connected. Jack had been able to wake Cas up when he was in here before, plus he’d chosen Cas to be his father. But Dean doesn’t say this out loud.
He can only focus on the latter two as long as he keeps moving, so he does, doing his best to keep his mind blank.
There’s another crash of thunder, and Sam’s hand tightens on Dean’s arm. The earth rolls and quakes beneath their feet, and the trees at the edge of the clearing sway hard, groaning and creaking.
“So, what,” Sam says, “this whole time, you’ve been camping out in…” He breaks off, looking around. He doesn’t know where they are, but the church they’re in, while impressive, wouldn’t be a contender for
Dean’s pace is agonizingly slow. Sometimes he surfaces from his thoughts to find that he’s crouched in the snow, his knees drawn up with his face pressed into them to escape the wind. He breathes out through his mouth and the brief pockets of warm air are a tiny respite. When his legs begin to cramp and his wrists are stinging from exposure, he gets up and moves on, even as he sinks back into the mire inside his mind.
. When he’d allowed Dean to touch him the first time, it had taken every ounce of his willpower to stay still and quiet. He remembers gripping the back of the chair as though his life had depended on it, and trying—but not succeeding—to breathe evenly.
Still, he allows himself to picture Castiel waiting for him on whatever shore he’s headed to. He sucks in a sharp breath and tucks the image away, adjusting his grip on the mainsheet, letting the feel of the rope in his hand ground him.
“Uh, my artistic abilities don’t extend that far,” Dean says. He frowns and glances away, lips pressed together, and rubs at the back of his neck. “We should probably consult the internet for that one.”
we can get an archangel out of the Empty, then we’ll have two of them.” There’s a long pause as Dean watches Sam evaluate this.
Fear zips up Dean’s spine. But he doesn’t answer, because it doesn’t matter what he answers; there is always a review.
According to Jack, his powers have returned to full strength, but out of caution he’s only utilized his angelic senses to see if he can feel Michael’s presence. There’s been no sign of him, though, or Chuck.
Sometimes Dean will come downstairs in the morning to find Cas sitting at the kitchen table working on the laptop, with hot coffee already poured for Dean in his favorite mug—one he’d stolen from the bunker, with the red design around the rim. Sometimes they sit in the living room—
of you!” He grins, as if they’ve succeeded in pulling a practical joke on him and he’s genuinely enjoying it.
It takes Jack a moment to say anything, and when he does he’s looking down at his hands. “Thank you,” he says quietly.
He knows why Castiel didn’t, though—because of how he’s reacted every other time something has gone wrong, every time someone’s made a decision he felt wasn’t the right one. With anger and blame and disappointment.
A wave rocks the boat and Dean opens his eyes, refocuses on keeping the sail tight and the tiller straight.
“Okay,” Dean had said, refusing to look at Castiel, pretending to focus on an oil change he could do with his eyes closed.
Finally, gasping, Dean’s hands fist into the snow, and the cold of it shocks him. He tilts his head back and opens his eyes to the white sky, as if he might find some absolution there.
Despite the relatively short distance, it takes Dean more than an hour to navigate the steps. He can feel the passage getting closer but he keeps his eyes on what’s in front of him.
Dean scoops some of the earth into his palm, lifting it closer to the light produced by the grace, then lets it sift through his fingers.
Upon arriving at Jody’s, Dean is seized in a big hug by Donna, and she squeezes him so hard he bursts out laughing. It feels good. Everyone in the house ends up in the front entryway to greet him and Jack, and it turns into a big muddle of hugs.
As he crests another hill, the valley still some distance below him, there’s a flicker of movement in his peripheral vision.
Eventually he makes it to the outcropping he’d been aiming for the first time. He pulls himself up onto the rocks and sits as far back as he can. His hands tingle uncomfortably with the vague notion of how high up he is, but he keeps his eyes closed and takes deep breaths.
Michael turns, then, glaring at Sam. “Adam is gone.” His eyes glitter with unshed tears, and Sam is startled to recognize the grief and sorrow there. He’s carried it in his chest since he found Eileen’s phone on the sidewalk. He’s seen it on Jack’s face when he watched the videos of his mother. It was in Dean’s voice when he’d said,
The people he knows best seem to be grouped together, close to their table. Garth, Bess, Gertie, and the twins are seated with Charlie, Stevie, and Rowena. Rowena’s hair is done up in an eye-catching, complicated style, and today her dress is even more elegant than usual.
Days later, Kat is in the lying-to position: her bow is perpendicular to the wind and the mainsheet is loose so that her sail flaps freely, keeping her more or less stationary while Dean lies in the bottom of the boat. His arms are stretched out at his sides to rest them, the mainsheet clutched in one hand.
He puts his phone away, refocusing on his laptop, and it occurs to him that it’s a little sad that neither of them had been able to answer the question.
Jack sits down across from Dean, and Dean’s eyes slide away from him; he looks down at the rough surface of the kitchen table instead.
, and Sam is entirely at a loss for words. Eileen reaches up and touches his cheek, swiping at a tear with her thumb, and a deep, steadying comfort washes over him.
Dean hasn’t withdrawn his affection, verbal or physical, but Castiel can’t help but worry. He’s aware that their relationship is new territory, not just for them, but their wider circle as well. It’s new in every sense of the word: they’ve only been together for four months.
“I was, too,” Castiel says. “I think we all were. But we made it, and your life can be whatever you want it to be. And no matter what you decide to do, now or in the future, your mother will be safe. There are some changes planned for Heaven—things will be better, and stable, and soon you’ll be able to visit her.” He smiles.
Finally, Sam says, “Before you were born, and we were…” he pauses, searching for the right words, “afraid you might be dangerous, we had this idea that we could remove your grace with this extraction ritual we knew about. And that way, you’d just be a regular human kid.”
“We’re fine!” Donna says, shooing Dean out of the kitchen. “We got a bottle of wine in here, you go spend some time with the kids.”
The branches of the trees sway, bright green leaves shimmering in the sunshine. From somewhere nearby comes the rattle call of a crow, and then with a clatter of wings the bird takes flight.
Castiel closes his eyes as Dean’s lips find his neck, his tongue hot over his pulse. “I know exactly what I’m doing,” he murmurs against Castiel’s skin.
“A good question,” Amara says. She raises a finger. “But first…” The sound of the wind in the trees is abruptly muffled, as though a window has been shut; they’re now enclosed in a transparent dome. “Let’s right a wrong.”
The group of hunters Dean had been conversing with erupt into laughter and drag him onto the dance floor, and the girls spot Castiel and pull him into their circle. Nearly everyone surges onto the dance floor to “Shake it Off,” and there’s no denying it’s one of the night’s hits.
When Jack lets go, Dean looks at Sam. “Alright, your turn.” He opens his arms and Sam steps into them, wrapping Dean in a bear hug. Dean squeezes his eyes shut and they hold onto each other for a long moment, Sam’s chin tucked over Dean’s shoulder. The stakes have never been higher, and the hug feels like the kinds of things Dean’s not good at saying:
heart,” he says, putting a hand to his chest, “it’s that I want it to be only for us. Like how this is,” Dean says, gesturing to encompass Castiel’s wings and their tiny world in the circle of light.
or Cas’, he doesn’t know, but he steps forward and pulls Castiel into a desperate embrace. Castiel’s arms are tight around him, and suddenly Dean’s not falling anymore; he’s flying.
Days ago, sitting numbly on the floor of the dungeon, Dean had immediately buried Cas’ last words to him in the grave of his heart.
“Well, after we met up with Death in his library, Jack and I went looking for Michael, and you made a trip into the Empty.”
The hurt flares up sharply inside his chest as he remembers Castiel’s smile, as Castiel had told Dean about Jack healing his wings. He remembers Jack’s smile, too, and he remembers not being able to smile at all, not being able to breathe.
He hasn’t given in because the words he’s holding onto can’t ever be unsaid. And he’s worried that wherever Castiel is, he might hear them.
At one point Sam ushers him back onto the dance floor and pairs him up with Mary. They laugh and clasp hands as the current song ends, and Bruce Springsteen’s “Dancing in the Dark” begins. As they dance, Dean notices them from across the room, so he hurries to Claire and drags her onto the floor, dancing with mock swagger. Claire laughs and loosens up, playing along.
“Yeah!” Sam says, grinning slightly, relieved to finally say it. Mary links her arm through Sam’s and they start walking again, and Sam slowly puts into words the thoughts that have been swirling in his mind for the last few months. “I don’t think I could ever quit hunting, and I know Dean couldn’t. But I like to think that maybe I’ve gotten to a place where I don’t have to do it full-time, you know?” He glances down at Mary and she nods.
Relief blooms inside Dean. It’s not enough to blot out the other feeling, the one he can’t deny is fear, but he swallows hard and looks over at Sam.
So Sam recites the Latin inscription on the box’s lid, and the outline of the door burns itself into the brick wall. They get it open and step cautiously over the threshold, Jack cradling the book in his arms.
He’s lying in a pine box, but somehow the man is there, too, crouched beside him. Perhaps Dean should be afraid, but he isn’t. Dean watches as the man looks him over, as if examining him. He frowns with deep concentration, light shimmering beneath his skin.
Something inside of Dean is slipping away. Memories. He doesn’t fight it; there are so many bad ones.
“We need to figure out the guest list ASAP and get the invites out. Then we gotta figure out what to wear, and come up with a menu. And I have to work on our music situation. This might be the most important thing I’ve ever done, Cas.”
“Yeah, I do, and I’m proud of what we’ve done with the bunker, the network—all of it. But I gotta be honest: the place hasn’t really felt like home for a while, now. So, y’know. Maybe it’s not a bad idea, moving out.” He pauses, then nods decisively. “I’ll talk to Cas when we get back.”
Sam clears his throat. “Uh, I can’t,” he says, and takes a drink of his coffee, avoiding Dean’s eyes.
Sam stuffs the guidebook into his jacket, then takes his hand and they’re off; he’s not sure where they’ve landed, but he doesn’t have time to get his bearings before Jack whisks them away again.
Kaia rolls onto her side so she can face Dean, and Claire says, “Hey, old man,” with a teasing half-grin.
He takes off the belt and sets everything aside, then looks around his room. He can’t think of anything else to take with him. He suspects—hopes—that the Empty will be similar to Purgatory in that he won’t feel a need to eat or sleep. If he does, then he’s probably fucked. It’s not like he can pack enough supplies to last him in a place described as “infinite nothingness,” and given that, there certainly won’t be anything to eat there.
The horde—the entirety of it—has been leveled. Not a single one of them has been left standing. Whether they’re dead or just knocked out, he doesn’t know, but he doesn’t have an interest in finding out.
He’s tracing the shape of them when suddenly they begin to fade from sight. He catches the ghostly movement of them folding against Castiel’s back before they disappear, and when he looks at Castiel, his eyes have returned to normal.
There’s movement just beyond the reach of the headlights, and then Castiel is striding down the road toward him.
Dean is flooded with adrenaline as his air is cut off. He tries to land a punch with his free hand—once, twice—but Alastair smiles, smugly patient, leaning back so he’s just outside of Dean’s reach.
Death doesn’t reply to either of them, just holds out a hand. “May I have that, please?” he says to Jack.
Dean feels a sudden surge of protectiveness: “sleeping Cas” is a little too close to “dead Cas,” and the memory of cradling his best friend’s lifeless face in his hands is still fresh.
They move further into the forest, far enough that they can’t see the lights of the tent or the grounds. The noise of the party is faint beneath the nighttime chorus of insects and the occasional breeze stirring the leaves in the trees. Dean leads Castiel a little ways off the path, to one of the pools of light surrounding a lit tree.
Sam and Mary are taking a walk in the woods near the bunker one afternoon, and Sam is marveling at the remarkable, deceptive simplicity of it all. They’re not hunting a monster in these woods, they’re strolling in companionable silence. And his mother died before he could ever remember her, yet here she is, with her arm in his.
Lucifer raises his eyebrows. “I know that’s how you feel right now, but why don’t we take a look at the facts?” He begins to pace a slow circle around them, and while Dean is comforted that Castiel’s outstretched wings create a healthy radius of distance, he follows, keeping the angel blade up between them.
Dean swallows, a sense of foreboding settling over him, and with faint reluctance he adjusts the sail and heads for the shore.
They come up with a plan for finding each other once Dean returns—as if it’s any other case where they split up, with Dean going to the morgue and Sam talking to the locals.
Dean closes his eyes. “Fuck,” he breathes. He pulls himself to a sitting position. “Did they make it?”
Frantic and fighting for air, Dean looks up and feels a jolt of terror when he sees the horde has reached the river. They begin making their way across.
“Listen…” He meets Castiel’s eyes and clears his throat. “There’s something I gotta do, before I lose my nerve.”
Now, though, the familiar outfit has been relegated to his closet, all of its pieces immaculate, the tie draped over the bar of the trenchcoat’s hanger.
And then, only a couple of weeks later, Castiel was telling Dean gently—as if it were a favor to him—that he wouldn’t be around as much, anymore.
As he blinks and refocuses on the sail, a shadow passes over it. Dean looks up to find that the previously clear sky is now dotted with big white clouds.
Castiel is sitting on Jack’s other side, and he and Michael rest silently while the others eat. Amara sips her tea, seemingly lost in thought as she enjoys the sunshine.
From there he describes starting, stopping, controlling the speed, and turning, which is apparently called both
“Well,” Dean says conversationally, going back to stroking Castiel’s wings. “I met this guy once. And he was just about the weirdest thing I’d ever come across, and you know I’ve come across some weird things in my life. I haven’t known him for five minutes before he’s showing off his big huge wings,” Dean says with a grin. “I was curious and did a little research.” He shrugs.
“I love that book,” Alex says, finishing her toast. “And Jody says you’ve been cooking a lot, since you guys moved into the new house. So I figured, why not. Never hurts to try new things, right?” She smiles at Dean.
The sun still hangs overhead, but with the constant wind it’s just so much sunshine. Dean’s wearing his button-up and jacket again as he walks along the water’s edge, lulled by the sound of the waves. There’s nothing here but sun and sky, water and wind, sand and surf. The Empty lurks on the horizon, but Dean keeps his eyes on the sand and allows his mind to be blank, still ravaged by his time in the desert.
They take the book to one of the reading tables, upon which are spread a backpack, an open notebook, and a dead cell phone with earbuds plugged into it. Sam gently moves the items aside, feeling as though he’s disturbing a grave.
that he’d found in a California desert town’s used bookstore. But after a while, he realizes he’s been reading the same page over and over again; his thoughts keep drifting.
“Death’s plan, whatever it is?” Gabriel says. “I’m in, I’m down. But here’s the thing, Dean. You said Jack’s grace is pulling you toward something. Lemme ask you—what’s pulling his grace?”
Dean lifts his head and his gaze is drawn to the ridge across the valley, on the other side of the river. For a second he thinks he’s looking at the shadow of a huge cloud drifting over the slope. But it’s not a shadow.
“Cas?” Dean murmurs. But Castiel doesn’t respond, doesn’t appear to hear him at all. A gentle breeze ruffles his feathers, his hair, his coat.
Since Dean’s return from a hunt in South Carolina a week ago, he’s been uncharacteristically subdued. And Castiel’s concern has quietly grown, the longer it has lasted. But Dean’s prayer feels warm and good, and on the Celestial plane, Castiel’s wings unfurl as if reaching out to answer it. The corners of his mouth lift, almost as unconsciously as Dean’s prayer.
Dean stops trying to fight his way out of Alastair’s hold; he clenches his teeth and waits for an opening.
The mountainside angles gently down into a far-off tree line, and beyond that, Dean can just see a valley with a river snaking through it. He suspects it’s where the pull will lead him next.
As he follows his old trail he keeps his eyes peeled, and finally he’s rewarded with a glint of silver.
“By this point he was so confident in his power and control, he wasn’t worried that releasing me would cause problems for him. He thought, ‘Why not? Let’s see what happens.’” She shrugs. “He got to reveal himself as God,
That night, the four of them are gathered in the kitchen with burgers, and they’re all smiling, and they clink their beer bottles together over a vow to find Michael and make him pay.
He looks out the kitchen window and sees Jack in the yard, with his hand pressed to the trunk of a tree. He’s just standing there, looking down at the ground. Dean watches him for a moment but Jack doesn’t move.
Out on the road, Dean rolls his window down and the cool night air gusts through the cab. With the wheel in his hands and Baby’s engine purring, her headlights cutting through the dark, Dean’s mind is comfortably blank.
So they stick to convenience stores, with their small selections of long-life foods and general essentials. Sporting goods stores have helped fill the gaps in their inventory, and intact, accessible libraries and bookstores are exciting finds. (Somehow, out of everything they take for themselves, the books are what feel the most like theft.)
Castiel feels a rush of tenderness, and his wings twitch with the desire to encircle Dean. “I love you, too.”
They both know that Dean can’t actually hold him… but they’ve found that, on occasion, they enjoy the pretense. At other times, Castiel puts his angelic strength to good use. Mostly, though, the only dynamic to their pleasure is the sense that they’re making up for lost time, so they each give and receive—sometimes with urgency, and sometimes leisurely.
For ten years, Dean apprentices under Alastair. They bring him souls, and he rips them apart. He embraces the work, and most days, Alastair seems pleased with him.
He can’t tell who it is; they’re floating on their back, arms drifting at their sides. He’s just wondering whether the person is drowned or somehow only sleeping when one of their hands spasms, lifting up out of the water in an empty grasping motion.
In the meantime, everyone pitches in to help the refugees get settled: turning disused rooms around the bunker into bedrooms, going on supply runs, and researching the lives of the refugees’ counterparts from this world so as to avoid any complicated encounters.
“He’s out there somewhere, I know that,” Dean mutters. Then suddenly he says, “Hey—you got your powers back?”
“When I was a sentry… I was not allowed into the garden. I did not mind, because the sun shone over the walls, and I felt fortunate to be able to enjoy that much of it.” He opens his eyes again and looks at Dean. “I hope you are able to fix whatever it is that has been broken.”
“I like that for you,” Castiel says. “Especially ‘reconciliation,’ considering the first time you laid eyes on me, you stabbed me.”
Dean leans against the counter. “I’m leaving tomorrow to take care of a case in Michigan, so I was thinking we could go fishing today, if you want. You should take it easy after everything you’ve been up to, huh?”
Castiel smiles back. “Claire was at the bunker today, and she asked me to tell you ‘hi.’” He takes his last bite.
Dazed, he drinks in the sight of it. A strong wind embraces him and flows over his skin, drying his tears. It feels like kindness.
The man blinks, and then he takes Dean’s face in his hands. His touch is clinical—indifferent, even—but after what Dean’s been through it feels like a lover’s caress.
Sam couldn’t help but smile. “The way this thing is hidden? Nah—it’ll take him three days, at least.”
Dean takes the microphone back and adds, “By the way, if anyone sees my brother with this microphone, please tackle him. He’s the tall guy over there,” Dean says, pointing to Sam, who’s grinning and shaking his head. “It might take a couple of you to get the job done, but I would be very appreciative.” Everyone laughs, and Dean hands the microphone to Jack.
“Maybe he really did get bored and he’s gone. Maybe he went off to write some other story. Or maybe he’s watching because he doesn’t have anything better to do, or because he can’t resist. I don’t know.” Sam can’t begin to imagine the thought processes of a deity. “What do you think?” he asks.
How many of them are there? He thinks it might be something like three thousand, but it could be as many as five thousand. It hardly matters—his only chance lies in being faster than them, and it looks like he’s going to hit the valley floor at the same time as they are.
Castiel comes back to the living room and wordlessly hands Dean a bowl of spaghetti, made the same way Dean makes it for them, with tomato sauce and basil leaves and a little Parmesan.
Over the past three days, he and Jack have conducted a systematic and exhaustive search through every room, book, box, file, and piece of paper contained in the bunker. Hell, they’d even found a secret passageway, not shown on any of the blueprints.
Light pours into the gorge and a dusting of snow swirls in on a blast of wind. Dean hurries for the opening, moving as fast as he can with his injured knee.
,” Dean says calmly, “coming near my family again.” He plunges the angel blade into Lucifer’s chest and watches grimly as he dies, gasping and twitching.
Only months later, he feels nothing as he massacres the Stynes with ruthless, systematic efficiency. Nothing, as he puts a bullet in the brain of an innocent kid.
Dean rolls onto his side and his eyes land on the angel blade lying in the sand nearby. He scrambles for it, splashing on hands and knees through the surf.
Dean pushes through a tangle of bracken, and when he’s almost clear of it he trips over a hidden root. He grunts and catches himself—barely—on the trunk of a tree, palms splayed over the coarse bark.
“I warn you,” Death says, “I can only point you in a direction. If I were to leave this place, Chuck would become aware of my return, and I believe it’s in our best interests to keep that quiet for now.”
“The last time I saw Michael,” Sam says, “we were looking for a way to lock Chuck up—this was before you came back from the Empty. Things between us were… civil, I guess. But we’ve got a lot of history, so I wouldn’t blame him if he hates me. Plus, I was Lucifer’s intended vessel. It’s possible he might think I’m like Lucifer in some way, because of that.
Castiel’s expression softens. “What, pass through things?” He stretches them out slightly, making them do just that.
“Sam.” Dean is calm—serene, even. “I need you with me on this. If you don’t want to go, that’s fine—you and Jack can look for Michael. But you need to let me do this.”
Startled, Dean meets Castiel’s eyes, but then his gaze is pulled back to his wings. “Your wings are beautiful,” he says, his voice hushed with awe, all traces of anger washed out of him.
Four months, eleven days, and two hours, if the first time they’d kissed is anything to count by. Dean had been the one to initiate that, which Castiel admittedly finds reassuring.
Wordlessly, they go down to the water, but Gabriel stands back as Dean wades into the water and prepares the boat to launch.
Amara sighs thoughtfully as night falls away, becoming a soft lilac twilight. “No. You have free will, as I intended. Chuck orchestrated certain events, and he wanted control over you, but he never truly had it. The choices you’ve made are your own.
He stares at the door, and briefly, he remembers another door. He remembers tearing it off its hinges.
“When they first met, both of them challenged each other’s core beliefs—about existence, and about themselves. But I’ve watched them change and grow together: learning to trust each other, and becoming the best of friends, and falling in love.” He smiles. “They’ve saved a lot of people over the years—hell, they’ve helped save
Sam and Jack are nodding in Dean’s peripheral vision, so he nods, too. Amara thinks for a moment. The sand glitters in the early morning light as it pours through the hourglass, and day becomes night once again.
“Last I knew, he wasn’t.” Dean shakes his head. “It’s something I wanna fix. One thing on a long list.”
Crowley squirms briefly but then gives up. “In fairness to me, those hellhounds weren’t under my control. Down, girl!” he snaps at a second approaching hellhound, and it backs off. “These ones are, see? Call it a wedding present.”
As Dean steps inside and closes the front door behind him, he lets out a long, slow breath, and when he looks up, there’s Cas in the living room doorframe, watching Dean, and Dean’s breath catches in his throat.
“Hey,” Dean says firmly. “It’s okay. I get why you did it.” He pauses, then says, “I’m not gonna lie, it fucked me up for a while, once I remembered… what I’d done. And just remembering all over again what I caused.”
Kaia says, “the logs kind of work like that—they build a cumulative effect. The longer they’ve burned, the longer my dreamwalks are.”
Dean thinks about the people he’s lost—a list he goes through from top to bottom, over and over again. How many of them are gone because of him?
He turns off the screen and sets his phone on the dashboard, but a moment later the screen comes on again.
“This is so special,” Jack says, still marveling. But then he looks worried. “Do I need to give a speech?”
The awakened form a dark mass, thousands-strong. It moves like a single living thing, marching down the hillside behind a solitary figure.
Garth grins at them. “Well, here we are! All ready?” He looks between Castiel and Dean and they nod. “If you’d like to join hands?” He gestures and opens his booklet.
Dean is trying to make sense of this when Castiel, not bothering to look at Dean, says quietly, “Stop staring at me and eat your dinner.”
Dean’s eyes lock with his, and the man’s expression eases with relief. He walks into the room, and the blood on the floor sizzles with every step he takes.
“It is what I want,” Sam says firmly. “Dean, though…” he trails off thoughtfully. “I’m not so sure.”
Finally he takes a deep breath and opens his eyes. Outside, the light is nearly gone, and from the looks of the weather, the roads might be a little tricky.
The following morning, Jack greets Dean in the kitchen with his usual wave and proceeds to pour himself a bowl of cereal. Dean is relieved that he doesn’t look exhausted anymore.
As Dean removes the wrapper from his blueberry muffin, he’s trying to decide if “A Picnic with the (True) Creator of the Universe” makes his list of Top Ten Weird Experiences.
She finishes pinning the boutonniere and steps back, and Castiel admires it. “Thank you,” he says, looking up at Mary.
The encounter with Gadreel has brought up memories Dean’s spent a lot of time trying to forget: the days when he was burdened by the Mark of Cain.
“God, I love her.” Dean grins and shakes his head. “Well, alright then.” He scrapes his plate and snags a few crumbs of puff pastry. “Gabriel knows my rules and he’s not following ’em so he can check his wings at the door.”
But Dean reasons this is just another desert, and he survived the first one without getting cooked. So he’s pretty sure he’s not going to end up frostbitten, hypothermic, snow-blind, or sunburnt.
“Come on, Sam!” Chuck says, cajoling. “Even though I’ve moved on to newer, shinier things, I couldn’t resist paying my old faves a visit.” He gives them a benevolent smile. “And—alright.” The bag of popcorn disappears and Chuck dusts off his hands. “I’ll admit: I wanted to ask you something.”
Mary sees this and smiles up at Castiel. “I love seeing him so happy. And Sam.” She nods to a spot across the room, and Castiel looks over to see Sam and Eileen talking with a group of people around a table. Eileen is perched on Sam’s lap, and Sam is laughing and telling a story with animated hand gestures.
Dean looks to Castiel’s unmoving form. He’s far enough away that Dean can’t see his face, can’t actually tell from sight alone that it’s him. But there’s the horde, and the frantic tug in his chest, and above all, the unshakable certainty rooted in his soul.
“Wasn’t easy for me,” Sam grumbled. He stared down the endless hallway, forward and back. “So, how’d you convince Dean to stay behind?”
All Sam needed to do was organize his desk. He inspected the chaotic mess of balled up papers, haphazard stacks of books, and inkblot stains, gaining a sudden appreciation for Dean’s tidy habits growing up.
Aaron clicked his tongue and rolled his eyes. “My grandfather is stark raving mad so I’ll take what I can get. Which, by the way, is better than owning a tiny house on a hill, Pamela.”
Over the next week, Dean learned that angel babies didn't need to eat, didn't get colic, and didn't need to poop. Dean was
“Metatron gave me two options,” Castiel said, “I could either kneel or be run through by his sword. Neither option appealed to me.”
Dean fought the urge to shrug off Charlie’s hand. She was right. Sam was right. Dean did not want to admit it. Ever since he and Sam returned from Hell-- from Purgatory-- Dean had not been the same. He lost the last of his innocence when his father cut the chain. He left a piece of himself behind when he escaped Purgatory.
With an eyebrow ever so slightly raised, Ellen broke from Castiel and faced Dean. “Well, you never did fix it.”
“I fell asleep?” Castiel’s tongue felt thick and the film over his eyes made it hard to see. He used his free hand to rub away the sleep which still clung to him. As his grogginess subsided, Dean’s face came into focus. Dean's eyes were round and his hand was caught in Castiel’s grasp. “Oh. My apologies.” Castiel released Dean.
“Her name is Meg. You’ll-- Actually I doubt you’ll like her much. Or she you. Just try to stay civil. For me?”
“You don’t have to,” Balthazar said, “but who else could listen? Who else knows what it’s like to be as old as time?”
Dean held onto his side, the metal on the armour he wore warmed by the sun. "Cas fixed me up a while ago."
Castiel sat in front of Dean, gently touching his face. He took stock of Dean’s swollen eye and the bruises circling Dean’s neck. Healing power gathered underneath Castiel’s fingertips as he traced the wounds but he did not use it. He would not unless Dean wanted him to, no matter how much Castiel hated seeing Dean injured.
The cabin was abandoned. Its state of disrepair suggested it had been for a while. Castiel picked his way around the broken glass in the kitchen, his boots echoing in a hollow sound as he checked every room.
Castiel regarded Missouri with his usual head tilt. Missouri braced her wrinkled hands on the bartop and pushed herself from her seat with a groan. She smoothed her skirts then offered a hand to Castiel. He stared down at her hand while his own remained at his side.
Castiel rose to his feet. Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel’s shoulders and pulled him close. Burying his face in Castiel’s neck, Dean trembled. Castiel held Dean, waiting for Dean to calm.
Carrying his half-melted candle to his bedside table, Sam set it down and dropped onto the bed with a groan. He untied his boots and tossed them into the corner before dropping his day clothes into a pool on the floor to change into his nightshirt. It was a long day-- in a series of longer days to come-- and Sam was eager to slide under the covers.
Castiel rolled onto his back and watched the clouds pass by, flying on his long lost wings. He smiled. This was always how he imagined Paradise-- flying through a safe place, quiet and alone. It was almost perfect. Something about it, however, was not quite right.
Castiel pressed his lips to Dean’s, pulling back as soon as they touched. He moved closer to Dean, until they stood chest to chest. One of Castiel’s hands slid over Dean’s shoulder to rest on the back of his neck, and the other held Dean’s chin. Castiel remained still, staring into Dean's eyes, and dropped his gaze deliberately to Dean’s lips.
Sure, he wasn’t so good with words. Words were never really his thing. Deeds, however, he could do. If Dean couldn’t tell Cas, he could at least show him.
Like Dean suspected: a werewolf. A feral werewolf who had run off into the woods when it was first bitten— when it was last human— in an attempt to hide away from humans. It tried to be good.
They kept plants and flowers in every corner and every window. Many were from the meadow but others— the wilted and broken ones— came from stores and the wild. They thrived under Cas's care. So did Dean.
"I'm not. It's just—" Dean rubbed the back of his neck, then stepped towards Cas. "Do you think I could see them again? You know, make sure they're all taken care of?"
The drunks started yet another drinking song, one that was hardly coherent with the number of drinks flowing. They were halfway through the chorus before Pamela opened her mouth to answer.
Directly across from Dean, Balthazar dropped Sam onto the snow-dusted cobblestones. He grabbed Sam by his cloak hood to force him into a kneeling position. Standing behind Sam, Balthazar rested his hand on the hilt of his sword. The jewels on the sheath shone. Sam gasped and his head shot up. He stared at Dean with wide eyes.
Fangs mere inches away from his flesh, Dean closed his eyes and hoped Sam was somewhere safer than him. He hoped Sam knew he was sorry.
Balthazar sighed and stepped forward, raising his hands again when Benny placed himself in front of Dean. “If I was going to hurt you I would have already. You’re here to help Cassie, right?”
“Yes.” Castiel stepped forward. “They don’t know we’re here. I’ll circle around. You come in from the front. Only attack after me.”
Metatron. And yeah. Kinda. But we both know that was me.” Balthazar grin did nothing to change Castiel’s expression. “Well. I guess I can tell you. He didn’t tell me I couldn’t.” Balthazar pressed the tip of his sword against Sam’s back. Sam could do nothing but stare at Dean. “Sam Winchester is the one who will end the Realm.”
“He wasn’t Cas,” Dean whispered into the silent room. It was a confession, a secret he never shared, not even with himself. “None of them were.”
Dean’s enthusiasm made the corner of Castiel’s lips pull upward. "Thank you. They aren’t quite finished yet."
Cas smiles again and that is all it takes for Dean to lose his train of thought. Dean needs to learn how to handle all these butterflies that have taken residence in his stomach. They seem to have invited their cousins, grandparents, and children for an extended stay.
Dean raised his hands, signalling Castiel behind him to stay his hand, and rotated his body to face his assailant. At the same time, Dean and the man with the sword widened their eyes and gasped.
Castiel smacked into something solid, something like a wall, but he could not see anything but the darkness. The key was knocked out of Castiel’s hand. There was no clink, no sound at all, of it hitting the floor. It fell through infinite darkness, lost.
To think, they could have been doing this for years. That was okay, though, because now they weren’t scrambling for their lives every day, they weren’t constantly trying to save the world, they weren’t under the constant threat of death. They had another day, then another, then another. How about that?
Well, well, well. Is that a faint whiff of plot I smell? Things'll get a little meta but, you know, his name is METAtron.
Sam saved Dean from the sympathetic stares by launching into a report about the medical stores. In the middle of his list about all the pain relievers on hand, Dean shot Sam a quick, grateful smile. In the middle of his assessment of the new healers he and Ash had been training, he was interrupted by a gust of wind.
Lenore placed Dean’s sword on the table by her door. Next, she took the pack and checked the contents. As soon as she saw the Angel’s sword, she focused on Dean, the unnatural glare in her eye rooting him in place.
The boy gasped and scrambled to his feet. “You don’t understand! I must speak to--” The boy took a breath and wiped his nose with the back of his hand. When he spoke again, it was with divine authority. “I must speak to the Winchesters. If I don’t, the Metatron will kill my mother.”
A single Celestial, sitting at a desk with her chin in hand, observed the new arrivals with boredom. She wore white robes, marking her as a clerk rather than a warrior. Her long red hair, carefully curled, was pulled back from her face with an ornate hair piece decorated with colourful, glittering jewels. She did not bother to stand when the group reached the Gate.
“It what?” Dean brings Sparky up to his face so it can see his wide eyes. “No way, Sparky. You might get hurt!”
Another bout of silence occurs, not as awkward this time, while everyone ponders about what to do next. Well, Sam and Cas ponder. Dean mainly focuses on Cas’s warmth right there, right next to him. Dean didn’t believe he’d ever feel that again.
One glass of wine later, Sam lay lengthwise on the couch, his head resting in Jessica’s lap. His legs hung over the edge of the couch and the back of his knees pressed uncomfortably against the armrest but it was worth it to feel Jessica’s fingers gently brushing through his hair.
“You know,” Ellen said, bracing both hands against the bartop, “you never did tell me who this ‘Cas’ guy is.”
She did not say anything else. She watched Dean, unblinking, grinning at his obvious discomfort. Dean shook his head, gave up on finding a final word, and went outside.
Everything that had ever happened in Dean’s life— the good, the bad, the ugly— was worth it to witness the pure, unfilled awe on Cas's face when he entered the tent. Plants and flowers of every colour and size hung from hooks overhead, sat on shelves, tables, and the ground.
“The thing is,” Castiel said, closing his palm over the key, “I do. It’s nothing. It’s darkness. It’s the Empty.”
"It's okay, Dean." Castiel made a soothing noise. He pushed Dean's hair back from his forehead, His touch soft and gentle. "You're not ready yet."
“You could spend the rest of your life with me.” Castiel looked up, his eyes blazing blue. “But I cannot spend the rest of mine with yours.”
Castiel tightens his arm around Dean. He watches the shadows shifting on the ceiling, and listens to the rainfall, and wonders whether he should raise the subject.
it every time,” Dean says. He steps forward and runs a hand along the edge of Castiel’s wing, and Castiel’s chin drops to his chest and he draws a shuddering breath, fist clenching down at his side.
“Oh, don’t worry, they’re cool,” Gabriel says. He nudges Jack. “We’ll set everything up in that big clearing in the woods behind the bunker.” Jack nods in agreement.
“I was still glad that he was interested in creating, though, and I didn’t want to dampen his spirits. So I asked him and the archangels to keep an eye on Earth while Castiel and I went away to check in on the other worlds.
Dean redirects his attention to his pasta and starts eating, aware of Castiel’s wings in the corner of his eye the whole time. As they sit there, the only sounds are the scrape of Dean’s fork against the bowl, and the snap and pop of the wood in the fireplace.
Castiel seizes Crowley and shoves him against the trunk of the tree. Crowley grunts, and the hellhound Castiel had followed into the forest lunges at him but stops short, snarling. Castiel beats his wings and flares them wide. The beast must be able to sense something of his true form because it takes a step back, though it keeps up a low growl through bared fangs.
have any thoughts on whether it’s appropriate to walk into your own wedding reception with an erection?”
“In a manner of speaking,” Castiel says, his voice clipped, and Dean is reminded of the Castiel he’d first known—the no-nonsense warrior of Heaven.
Dimly, Dean hears the lock on the door sliding open, and then Alastair is standing over his shoulder.
The certainty in Castiel’s eyes, like he’s talking about a universal truth, sends a shiver up Dean’s spine.
The next random page-flip sends them to Belgium, to an unusual church that isn’t actually a church—it’s an art installation that resembles a church, called “Reading between the Lines.” The structure is made up of thin layers of steel, appearing solid from certain angles and transparent from others.
Amara says, “Chuck loved the authority of being capital-G God, back in the early days. But when he became Chuck and wrote himself into the Apocalypse, that was a brand-new experience for him. He liked being involved, and decided he wanted a bigger role.
Dean is distantly aware of the door to the library closing, of Castiel hugging someone—it must be Jack—and he glimpses Michael standing next to the reading table.
Fumblingly, he finds the vial of Jack’s grace and then, with the last of his strength, he clamps his hand around Alastair’s, the pendant pressed between them.
Dean sucks in a breath and looks up at the gray, unchanging sky, at the forest that holds him in its impassive, smothering embrace.
Now that dinner has finished, some of the guests have found their way outside. Castiel recognizes a young blonde woman in a pink dress as one of the counselors who’s agreed to be in the network; she notices them and calls her congratulations, and others chime in. Castiel and Dean smile and wave.
“Thanks for joining the team.” Dean offers Michael his hand and, with an air of amusement, Michael shakes it.
The laptop battery won’t last forever, so Jack has only watched the videos of his mother a handful of times since they set out. Sam regrets that they never had photos printed for him from stills of the video.
Dean swallows hard and climbs to his feet, suddenly filled with nervous energy. As he begins picking his way down the ravine, he wonders,
Dean stands under the water for a long time, his chin dropped to his chest and his hand on the wall for support, but the feeling of strangeness persists.
Castiel straightens up, spreading his wings as a rush of adrenaline shoots through his physical body. The thing rises, standing on four legs, and skulks off down the path, and Castiel strides across the lawn after it, only drawing his angel blade once he’s out of sight of the guests.
Fury is an inferno inside of him, burning high and screaming hot until the heat pressing in on Dean from outside beats it back down into smoldering embers… And then the flames are reignited by a new memory—or one that he’s revisited a hundred times already.
“When we returned, Chuck told me that he wanted to create, too, and I was so pleased. We collaborated to create the other archangels. Michael was first, and Gabriel last.” She smiles at them in turn.
When they get to the playground, Jack asks Castiel if he will give him some of his grace, and Castiel agrees, filling a small vial.
Castiel flies home one afternoon to collect some documents needed at the bunker, landing in the driveway. As he folds his wings against his back, his eyes are drawn across the yard to the detached garage. Baby is sitting in front of the open door, her hood up.
He grabs his laptop and goes online. Much of the internet is still up, but segments of it have begun to go dark. Fortunately, probably thanks to Google’s massive servers, YouTube hasn’t been affected yet.
Dean gives Sam a suspicious look. “Listen, you take it easy today.” Sam only grunts in response, and Dean hefts the chainsaw off the table. As he heads out he adds, “And don’t read too many books; I heard it’s bad for you.”
Dean reaches over and briefly grasps Sam’s shoulder. “You deserve the world, Sammy. I want you to have whatever you want.”
Dean smiles and rolls his eyes a little. “Yeah, that sounds like us.” He shakes his head. “Don’t worry about it, Jack. Everything turned out alright.” Jack’s expression eases. “But how ’bout we all make a deal with each other: no more secret deals.”
“The way the spell works for me is, it helps me… see details more clearly. The paths for dreamwalking, things I need to see that I might not be able to without the spell. I don’t know if I can describe it any better than that. And I don’t know how the spell is going to affect you.”
“It was a… close shave,” Dean says, swallowing and smiling weakly. He takes a step away from Castiel.
Dean pulls on his jacket and his eyes snag on the bloody handprint, and he can hardly breathe as the full realization hits him.
“You could. I really like Eileen, Sam. I know you know that, but you hang on to her.” Mary looks up at Sam, her eyes serious.
,” a voice purrs. “A Winchester parading around a plane of existence where he doesn’t belong?” Crowley strolls into view, wearing a sly smile. “Never seen that one before.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Right, so—you two patched things up and left Earth. And then…” He trails off, thinking back as sunrise deepens to a rainy night.
Over the course of several months, they get people set up with identity documents, permanent housing, and a sum of money—enough to help them get started in their new lives and have some security. Not everyone leaves; some of the refugees have taken to hunting and they decide to stay, either remaining in the bunker or close by.
When Dean is certain he’s dead, he pulls the blade out and hastily cleans it off on Lucifer’s clothes.
White-hot anger surges through him and he grits his teeth, hurling his knife to the floor. He wraps both hands around her throat and the screaming stops, but he squeezes and squeezes, wringing awful noises from her, until something in the soft column of her throat collapses beneath his palms, until she doesn’t make any noise at all.
“How much further, Kat?” Dean says, his voice small and tired. “How long till we make it to shore?” Dean closes his eyes and tries to imagine Castiel waiting for him. His features are indistinct but there’s no mistaking that coat.
One morning late in the summer, Dean is pacing slowly up and down the kitchen, talking to Sam on the phone.
Sam raises his eyebrows, surprised. “I guess… it’s possible… But, you know, it’s just as likely he’s not answering because of
Castiel’s roving eyes find two bright red heads of hair—Charlie and Rowena. The last time these two had been in a room together, it had been a different Charlie, and they hadn’t gotten along. Things are different now, though. Despite being worn down from her efforts to keep the portal open, Rowena’s eyes are bright with amusement, and she laughs at what Charlie is saying. Charlie chuckles and sips her beer, and Castiel remembers the bottle in his hand and takes a drink.
“We were very close,” Castiel tells them. “Amara and I traveled universes together. She told me about what came before me, taught me about life and death. She showed me everything she made.”
“In a few minutes, we’re gonna light a candle for all the people who couldn’t be here with us tonight. After that, dinner’ll be served, and there’ll be plenty of time for hanging out and dancing later on. We hope you have a good time tonight.” He offers the microphone to Castiel, eyebrows raised.
Behind him, there is the sound of the back door opening, and then an excited cheer goes up from their little wedding party.
“Okay, yeah,” Dean said after yet another moment of silence passed. “I do want to hear about Lawrence, but I don’t want to hear it from someone trying to kill me. I mean, considering all the times you saved Sam and me, I should at least give you a chance to tell your side.”
Castiel closed his eyes and breathed in the steam. “It’s lovely. Thank you for sharing this with me.”
“Only your stories,” Castiel said. “We could have crossed paths but I try to maintain distance from humans.”
"Alright, Samuel." Ash pronounced each syllable of Sam's name carefully, until it took him forever to say. He started doing that not long after Sam told him to never call him Sammy. "That's all the time we have today. See you next week."
“Yeah, but only if I can keep you from throwing yourself into a bunch of angry, hungry monsters who wanna kill you.” Dean placed his hand over Castiel’s, holding him there. “Just try to stay in one piece. For me?”
“Perhaps a few.” A phantom pain ran down Castiel’s back to accompany the real pain in his side. “It has nothing to do with Lawrence, I promise.”
“I can’t. If I tell you what happens, the Metatron gets angry. But I can tell you Dean made it.” Kevin indicated that Sam should lean down. When Sam complied, Kevin turned his body away from Aaron, making sure only Sam heard him whisper, “He found Castiel.”
“Find the Angel," she said. “He will show us the way to Heaven. We will defeat the Metatron and end this War.”
“Dean,” Garth said, his eyes wide and sympathetic, “I’ve asked around. No one’s seen Sam. I’m sorry.”
Caught in the hazy recollection of his memory, Castiel seized hold of the hand on his shoulder. A surprised yelp made Castiel blink. The hand was clean of blood or feathers. Castiel blinked again and the Throne of God faded away to be replaced by Meg’s kitchen. His face was pressed against a wooden floor but no one restrained him. Castiel sat up and braced himself against the wall. The hand went with him.
“Hungry? I don’t get hungry. I--” Castiel snapped his mouth shut. He sat up straight and relished the pop of his spine. What an odd sensation. “This is my reward.”
Dean remained awake, staring up at the ceiling, and considered Charlie’s question. He knew why. Of course he knew why. He had spent the last five years in mourning, unable to find closure.
And right now, that meant waiting for Dean on an empty street in the dead of the night for as long as necessary.
Garth followed Dean’s gesture. “Shucks, I guess they do.” He hurried back into the fray. Halfway to his destination, he turned around and yelled, “Nice seeing you Dean! You too, Mister Castiel!”
“You and--” Ellen flattened her palms against the bar and sighed. “You and Castiel. What’s happening there? Why did you bring him here?”
King Adam blinked and the melancholy was gone, replaced by his usual proud stare. “Yes. It’s time for your task force to prove their worth. Walker will fill you in on the mission details.” He returned the crown to his head and once again lounged upon the throne. He waved his hand at Castiel. “You are dismissed.”
While he no longer needed to sneak, Sam lightened his steps when he reached the restricted section. The table Sam dragged into an empty corner years ago groaned under the weight of Sam’s selected books. He sat in his chair, picked the topmost one, and got to work.
Castiel grew still and quiet. Sam could not see the myriad emotions which flashed over his eyes, a product of centuries of doubt and decades of questioning. To Sam, Castiel appeared calm and steady. Only the few who knew Castiel could read his face.
“What makes you so sure you’ll leave here?” John’s eyes flashed yellow. He squeezed his eyes shut and stilled, his entire body filled with tension. Not even the crack of thunder moved him. When he spoke again, it was a whisper to himself. “No. No. Not him. No one else.”
Dean raised an eyebrow. “Really?” Sam nodded, his head bobbing up and down like a baby bird. Dean rolled his eyes and sighed before he said, “Some old, same old. You know that. Seriously, dude, what’s going on?”
Castiel fell. He fell through Heaven, fell through the sky, and fell through the ocean. He washed ashore, not far from the very cabin he and Dean sat in as he told his story. In his waterlogged amour, his wounds burning with salt water, and his sword still secured to his belt, Castiel used his last spark of energy to crawl out of the ocean before he fell to darkness.
Benny grinned and hummed. “Well, we’re runnin’ outta daylight. Pretty sure you humans don’t have night vision so let’s find a place to camp.”
Sam squinted. He could see the three bodies in the middle of the room. Walker kneeled. Standing before him, Dean's sword shook in his hands. Castiel was behind Walker, his sword gleaming, poised in the best position to sever Walker’s head with one strike.
A fresh current of air ruffled Dean's hair as he stood stock still, his lips slightly parted. "Uh, yeah. Good job, buddy."
Castiel would never know that, however, as he made no effort to retrieve his sword. The instant he knew the Metatron was dead, all the rage left Castiel’s body and, along with it, everything else.
“Yes.” Castiel returned to his seat, lolling his head against the stone chimney. “As unlikely as that is.”
The villagers danced arm in arm, their movements emboldened by the alcohol in their systems, and belted out their songs. He missed nights like this, nights when the whole community gathered together. Sure, Lawrence could be annoying-- it was tiny and everyone knew Dean’s businesses before he did-- but it was his home. Sometimes-- often-- he missed it.
Hey, Jack came up with it. Not Sam. And, well, it was the best theory they had. Dean couldn't sleep forever. He'd have to eat at some point.
He ran out of the room, book in hand, and turned the corner. The Captain stared at him in open-mouthed shock but Castiel regarded him with his usual squint.
"I got an idea!" Garth said once the room stayed quiet for more than a few seconds. "Why don't we all introduce ourselves?" Garth ignored the groans from the other recruits. "I'll go first. I'm Garth Fitzgerald the Fourth. Named after my dear Pa, you see. I'm from a village not far from here. I came here to make a name for myself and help feed my brothers and sisters. Gotta take care of family, ya know." Completely unfazed by the blank stares pointed his way, he indicated Pamela with his hand. "How about you, my new friend?"
“Thank you, Castiel.” No longer distracted, Ellen noticed the tavern's state. “You cleaned up. You didn’t have to do that, you know.”
Ellen stared back, reading the challenge in his eyes. He knew she assessed him. He knew the hand hidden at her waist touched a knife. He knew she did not know what to make of him.
