John shook his head and wiped at the moisture that threatened to fall from his lashes. This had to stop, he couldn’t keep doing this, brooding over words unsaid. He got up and chucked the empty bottle in the bin before picking up the gun and sliding the safety back on. Maybe he should give it to Greg, get it out of sight and temptation. For now, he would put it back in the case at the back of the closet instead of in his bedside table.
John shifted in the chair, staring at the items on the table before him. This was a bit not good. He wondered what Ella would have to say on the matter. He didn't usually drink more than the pint or two on a night out with Stamford or Lestrade. But, this was his third and the last one in the flat; he wouldn’t be going out for more. He knew the consequences of overindulgence, he only had to look at his sister, Harry, for that. The loaded gun, on the other hand, was a bit more concerning. Well, at least, he wasn't limping. Sherlock had cured that, once and for all.
He felt the burning in his eyes and pressed the pads of his fingers there. He was Sherlock Holmes and he did not cry. He had more important things to worry about than the ache deep in his chest for the man he wanted to be more than his friend.
“Damn it,” she mumbled. A drop of rain landed on the back of her neck and left a frigid trail as it rolled down her spine. She shivered and pulled the tattered coat tighter against the wind and rain. Two more days, Val had promised he would pay her in two days and she could leave this frigid hellhole for somewhere warmer in the world. Roseau, Nassau, Miami, anywhere in equatorial Africa, she didn’t care just as long as it was warm.
She usually didn’t stop to help strangers, but something about the desperation of the man compelled her to pull him into the darkened doorway.  “Get down. I’ll tell you when it’s safe to come out,” she said in her best Russian, knowing that most everyone in the former Soviet States spoke at least a little of it. He didn’t hesitate, but limped into the cold dark room and huddled in the corner, keeping a death grip on the plastic sack with the pharmacy logo. There was just enough light coming in through the grimy shop window to make out his features and she stifled a gasp. She hadn’t seen that face in person for over ten years.
Oh God, Sherlock! How he missed that mad, nutter of a man. Exhilarating footraces across London’s rooftops, rapid-fire deductions over a corpse and severed heads in the refrigerator, he missed them all. Mostly he missed the man, the self-proclaimed sociopath that laughed with him at crime scenes and played midnight violin serenades when nightmares woke his friend. How he… loved… yes, loved… that man.
Safe! He was finally safe. He leant back against the bolted door and slowed his breathing as his heart continued to pound in his chest. His pursuers had been relentless and he had escaped by the skin of his teeth. If it had not been for the girl with the blue hair, he might have been caught.
"There's very little to talk about with Moran. He's an orphan and has most likely been in league with Moriarty since before the tournament. He allowed Moriarty into the tournament.
Sherlock: I stopped studying English lit at GCSE. I’m not going through that horror show again by reading more Shakespeare
“Ah, yes. Carnations. Dianthus caryophyllus.” Sherlock smiles wistfully, staring at the fire. “They’re pretty, aren’t they?”
"I don't care," he replies. "His company more than makes up for any flaws he may or may not possess."
"And now, for the moment we have all been waiting for." Mcgonagall approached the goblet slowly with her arm in front of her. She touched the goblet lightly, then the flames went scarlet and a piece of paper, white and unburnt, spurted out. Mcgonagall caught the paper, and read out loud:
Sherlock kissed back, open mouthed immediately, without nearly as much thought and nerves as their first kiss, which seemed a lifetime ago - instead his actions were as unconscious as though kissing him was a reflex that was keeping him alive. All he could think about was the way John's tongue slid against his and the breathy moans John was making into his mouth and the way his hands held on tightly and possessivesly to his hips. Sherlock wondered if it would leave marks there. He shivered involuntarily at the thought.
"Yeah. Look, Mary, I'd love to talk more, catch up and all, but I think I'd prefer to do it when I'm not about to enter a possibly-deadly tournament. Why don't we meet tomorrow morning here at breakfast?"
"To know that you're going to sleep tonight and as much of tomorrow as possible. Try and get ten hours at least tonight."
“I might quit my job now. We’re getting more clients than ever now with all the newspapers and tabloids.”
John exhales softly and shakes his head, resigned to the fact that he is completely wrapped around Sherlock's finger now. "Fine. So. Dead 24 hours from a stab wound in her stomach." He quickly looks over her neck, wrist, nails, then sniffs her mouth. "No sign of bruising or a struggle, and she wasn't drunk or drugged up. So she knew the person who killed her."
“I know,” Harry sniffed. “Back to the drawing boards, I guess. There’ll probably be five, six more performances. Fuck, what am I going to do? I can’t live off my wife’s money my whole life. Shit, we’ll have to sell the house, won’t we?”
An overnight bag is flung over his shoulder, as they had agreed on when John received confirmation that Sherlock could stay overnight. Suddenly, the afternoon loses its monotony and the empty cafe becomes brighter with the summer sunlight. "God, Sherlock. Sorry. I meant to go to the station to pick you up but two staff members got sick and - "
By the time the exam ended, John's wrist was cramping painfully and ink was stained into the side of his hand. The page, slightly smudged from his writing hand skimming the surface as he wrote (the woes of being left handed), was completely filled with in depth explanations and descriptions and repetitions of useless information. John was fairly confident he had at least gained an A, maybe an E if his examiner was being kind. The clock chimed, and students immediately  left their seats in silence, until they entered the hall and the full murmur of nervous chatting could be heard in the distance.
"Better than you getting ill. And look," John stroked Sherlock's hair, "your hair's losing its curl. It will be ruined."
Sherlock huffed and scowled, but kept silent as they walked back, Mycroft by his side. Mycroft didn't speak either. Not that there was anything left to say. No "I'm sorry about your best friend and boyfriend getting stabbed" or "I'm sure everything will be okay." John was still alive, but Mycroft himself said he couldn't assure Sherlock of anything.
It had been a murder case: locked room, double homicide, unidentifiable causes of death - an eight at least. It had culminated in a seven-hour long stake-out and a chase across London, darting through alleyways and backstreets, the wind blowing in his back and his heart rapidly pumping adrenaline around his body, numbing the ache in his legs. This, in turn, led to a fistfight with the criminal, earning Sherlock a few decent bruises, very mild in comparison to what he had to do to get the criminal to stay on the ground before police could come. Overall, it had been a highly satisfactory case with a thrilling conclusion.
“Why would she…” Joseph speaks at last, his hands shaking as he holds his tea. “How could she do that?”
John sighs. "I told you to stop calling me that. Sherlock, want to come with me to look at the drinks?"
Anyway, I’m packing my things this week. In five days, I will be living in Cambridge, far away from home and even further away from you. Then forty eight days after that, I see you again.
“Look on the bright side, you’ve made it this far without dying, and you’re doing pretty well in terms of points. Well, you're last, but still..." Greg said lightly.
"She said to 'beware of old acquaintances' and that I will 'be in grave danger'." John scoffed. "When is anyone not in grave danger with that woman?"
“Likewise, Mrs Watson.” Sherlock’s voice has instantly become curt, crisp, defensive, a nervousness that can easily be mistaken for a standoffish personality, and Mrs Watson's face falls slightly. This is the voice that would have spoken Sherlock’s first few letters to John. John cuts across him.
And then there was Mary and Janine. He never spoke to Mary anymore. If they made eye contact, one of them would turn away; Sherlock sheepishly, Mary haughtily. He rarely spoke to Janine anymore, mainly because she was always the one to start conversations, and her allegiance to Mary meant that some unspoken law prevented her from talking to the current boyfriend of her best friend's ex boyfriend. But she would smile at him, maybe talk for a short amount of time about nothing in particular before they would move on to wherever they would have to be.
He scoffs again, then sat in silence for a few moments. "What happens if Mycroft does the research and she turns out to be dangerous?"
But all in all, Sherlock liked being John's boyfriend. He liked that he could hold his hand whenever he wanted (John's hand was small but fitted perfectly in his). He liked that now whenever one walked the other to his dorm in the evening they could kiss each other goodnight (John was a fascinatingly amazing kisser). He loved when John's hand would rest on his knee when they are together in the Hall. He loved that now the worry that his feelings would be discovered and disapproved of he had had previously was lifted off his chest, he was now relatively carefree, and able to make room for being happy in John's presence.
"Yeah, you and me both," John mumbles. "I'm kind of glad you didn't deduce him, though. I would like it if my dad was in a good mood for dinner. Puts us in a better position."
“I mean - yeah I’ve mentioned him sometimes, like when he corrects a professor in a way that’s quite funny, or when I see him at a cafe or something, but it’s not like I’m obsessed or anything,” John says, then adds, somewhat bitterly, “We’ve never even spoken to one another.”
In a rush of breath, Sherlock whispered "of course," and suddenly he was transported to a squared off bit of field, surrounded by yellow tape and forensics and police. He knew instantly he was in Sussex, as in the centre John's body was replaced by a woman's. He recognised her from the front page of a newspaper he read over the summer. Dead. "The stabbing victims."
John waited with baited breath as Mark started speaking. Sure enough, he said his line perfectly, without so much as an awkward pause or a stutter or a filler. Still, John didn’t release his breath until he said the very last word with a final flourish, a fake tear rolling down his cheek as the audience watched on in silent awe and empathy for the character.
Sherlock doesn’t respond. He can’t even say for sure what the sun is. He’s heard the souls pine for it, for its warmth and brightness and heavenly glow, but even then, it’s impossible to get anything out of them other than vague, melancholy poetry. God, he hates poetry.
"John," Mary said lightly. She reaches over and put her hand over his. Sherlock knew the gesture was small and insignificant, but it seemed to tug at something in his chest. "It's okay. You don't have to lie."
"You can't use that as an excuse for everything." John nudged Sherlock, attempting to appear playful and light-hearted. "Just stay in school. For me?"
Sherlock raised one eyebrow in half-amusement-half-disgust. "Isn't that supposed to be a mutual agreement?"
"Sebby here has been a great help to me." Moriarty explained to Alissia, "smuggling me into the castle, giving me food and drink, helping me with my plan."
John managed to sneak into the backstage area (and by sneak in, he actually played the ‘brother of the playwright card’ so he could walk in backstage with the guard’s willing permission), making his way down corridors until he found the dressing room with Mark’s name on it. He knocked on the door.
"Honestly John, your grammar is appalling. If this is what it's like sober I hope you never drunk text me. I doubt my brain cells would survive reading it."
I wanted to put in a scene with John's friends being kind and supportive, but I couldn't quite find a way to fit it into the chapter (without also adding an extra 2000 words which frankly I was too lazy to have in the same chapter) so maybe we'll get to meet them at a later date.
The snoring is not as planned, but he can just about live with it for the next twenty minutes or so.
“Not your type? He’s intelligent. A doctor. He has two cats. He’s tall, has black curly hair, is not married, or gay, or a crime lord, and he’s single. What about that isn’t your type?”
The Milverssen, stood stoic and still in front of him, was, as John had suspected from the photograph, colourless and greasy, like an old man's hair after several weeks without it being washed. It seemed much, much bigger up close, though it was still only five foot. And as ever, its eyes were grey and piercing, except now up close, it was more shark-like than human-like. John couldn't bear to keep looking, but he didn't have the guts to tear his eyes away, like he was frozen, jinxed in place.
He snorts slightly but it comes out like a choked off sob. "No, you idiot, I did. She was going to shoot you. She
"Oh. Bad luck." As John bit into his own chocolate, he heard gentle, tired footsteps approaching. Looking up, he saw Greg standing at the other side of the bed. If Molly had looked tired and emotionally drained, Greg was grey with exhaustion. The bags under his eyes were defined and dark, his eyes lacking the teasing, cheerful glint it usually had. His hair was dishevelled, unbrushed, sticking up at awkward angled like he had just woken up (which, John contemplated, he probably had). He wasn't wearing his uniform - rather, a loose fitting t-shirt and crumpled jeans. When John's gaze fell back on Greg's face, he saw that he wasn't smiling. Not even remotely. Instead, he nodded at John and stated simply, "McGonagall said you were awake."
I wanted to check on you as soon as I could. I know you told me not to worry, but frankly you ushering me out of the flat at seven this morning wasn’t much of a reassurance (and don’t expect me to believe that ‘it will be awkward at breakfast otherwise’ is the whole truth). I’m not angry at you for doing so, by the way, before you go apologising for it. I just need to know that you’re okay. And no, I’m not overreacting. I’ve heard too many horror stories of misapproving parents of ‘forbidden soulmates’ to not be this worried - though they were probably exaggerated by people in my year.
He stumbled into the flat, shucking off his coat onto the floor and throwing his shoes somewhere into the corner. He was exhausted, yet somehow too on edge to sleep. He showered perfunctorily, ridding himself of London’s grime and dirt and soothing his weary muscles. He observed himself in the mirror when he left the shower: dark circles under his eyes, prominent bruising on his face and ribs, which would be sticking out too much for John’s liking. The appearance of a tired, lonely man, utterly disinterested in his life in London while his boyfriend was 5000 miles away.
Like shit, John wanted to snap back. Like I've been stabbed. Like I've just had a panic attack, I think. Like I have no idea what is going on and I just really want to see someone, anyone, to show that everything is okay and can return back to the way it was. I want to see Sherlock. I miss him.
Just as a cab pulls up, John's phone vibrates in his back pocket. He sighs as he reads the text on the screen
"You sure?" Sherlock nodded in reply. John sighed. "Fine. Come on." John pulled Sherlock up by the arms, then put his arm around his shoulders. "Just keep walking, put one foot in front of the other."
"It is. It's one of my favourites. I've never seen it before, but I like the music. Come on, let's go."
"But seeing as the age limit has been lowered to anyone in sixth year, instead under the age of seventeen, I will assume for the moment that it will be a less dangerous creature. A kappa, maybe."
"Forced socialising between schools, the Yule ball - which is obligatory to go to, the fact that Lord Voldemort returned at the 1994 to 95 tournament, that it was cancelled for a century before 1994 due to someone dying. Also, someone died during that tournament, and the tournament didn't come back until 2000 due to the Battle of Hogwarts and the following damaging." Sherlock snapped. John and Greg looked up at Sherlock, half amused, half bored. "Sorry,"  Sherlock murmured, quickly pouring himself the coffee and sipping it. "Go ahead. Enter if you want."
He must have nodded off for a bit, because the next thing he heard was Sherlock’s voice, quiet and husky, whispering his name. John blinked blearily as he met his friend’s worried eyes.
He looked up and down the street, but he didn't see anyone. He strode off, mildly puzzled, but stopped again as the mysterious speaker revealed herself.
“Shush,” John mumbled softly, “we’re both safe. I’m here.” Without thinking, he reached out and took Sherlock’s hand, squeezing it comfortingly. Sherlock squeezed back.
“I’ve kissed guys before, I mean, I- what I mean is I’m sorry if you don’t do kissing or, uh…” He trailed off.
“Love you too,” came the muffled reply, which was soon followed by a soft snore. Sherlock smiled happily, turned off the bedside light, and joined John in a happy, peaceful sleep.
It had been a week since they’d returned from Herefordshire, and they hadn’t had any rest since then. They’d finally gotten back to their flat to find Mycroft, ready and waiting with a case and a way of blackmailing Sherlock into taking it. Said case had taken them all over London in search of clues, and had now left them staking out a row of large abandoned warehouses which Sherlock was convinced wanted blackmailer Eduardo Lucas and his stolen goods was hiding in.
Sherlock stared at him for another second. John took another swig of wine, trying not to think of the kiss, or the cuddling, or the hand holding. It wasn’t like that! They were just good friends! For fuck’s sake!
I hope you all enjoyed this as much as I did :D I really appreciate everyone who left kudos and comments and bookmarks. You have no idea how happy you all made me! Have a fantastic 2019 all of you!
“I’ve been waiting for this for so lo-” He drawled, before Sherlock shut him up with a passionate kiss.
Ruby led Isi up the stairs of 220 Baker Street, arriving at a table behind which stood an overeager young woman (first job, wants promotion, three kids, broke) who greeted them enthusiastically.
“Whatever, Sherlock. I’m too tired for this. I’ll yell at you in the morning and crash on the sofa tonight.”
“Let. Him. go.” John spat back furiously. He was so furious, in fact, he didn’t seem to hear the creak of the floorboards behind him or feel the slight rush of air as another thug appeared behind him in the doorway.
“Fuck.” He whispered, an idea popping into his head. It was a terrible, terrible idea, but there was no time to waste. He grabbed Sherlock’s scarf, pulling him forward as he tilted his head upward and crushed his lips against Sherlock’s. Sherlock seemed to understand instantly, putting his hands on the wall either side of John and pressing in as the footsteps drew near. There was a slight scuffle as the approaching person slipped on the snow at the mouth of the alley, but John scarcely heard it over the sound of his own heartbeat. He couldn’t really think about anything other than Sherlock’s lips, which were moving gently against his.
Fuck, Sherlock thought, struggling for breath as the arm around his neck tightened. He could hardly see anything in this dingy basement apart from the spots dancing across his vision. No wonder he had misjudged where this bastard had been hiding. He managed to grab a gasp of air as the door burst open and he was yanked in front of his assailant, only to find himself suddenly staring down the barrel of a familiar gun. John!
Focused on the task at hand, Sherlock didn’t quite notice how close they were until he’d finished. He looked up at John, who seemed to be analysing the ceiling in great detail, a noticeable flush creeping across his cheeks. Sherlock cleared his throat.
The bartender shrugged. “Some guy, about his age. Probably went home with him, I’d say. Sorry, mate.”
He’s drawn to the hospital in a way he can’t explain, something tugging at his chest like a string wrapped around it leading him there. Fate, maybe. Perhaps he was meant to draw that red gem all those millennia ago, destined to be surrounded by death. Besides, learning a little more about the diseases that are killing people off these days and how to identify it will make paperwork so much quicker.
"Now when I say so," McGonagall's firm voice pulled him back down to earth and distracted him momentarily from his thoughts, "You walk out with your respective headteachers to the maze. You smile, you wave at your classmates. Then, your time will start and you will walk into the maze. As Mister Moran is in first position, he will enter the maze first. Then thirty seconds later, Miss Hawkins enters, then thirty seconds later, John enters. Moran, you will enter by the east entrance, Hawkins, the north, and Watson, the west. The triwizard cup is in the centre of the maze. The first one to reach it, will instantly be transported back to the entrance to the maze and be crowned the winner. And don't worry, we have taken extra precaution to make sure it does, in fact, go to the entrance.
"Yeah. Sorry about that. He just wanted to scare you a bit."John sits next to Sherlock and places a hand on top of his. "I think he's intimidated by you."
The furniture is all hers. She chose it, bought it when they moved in together, refusing to let John pay her back. “My treat!” She exclaimed at the time, which he accepted without question. John looks around now and wonders which diplomat, which ambassador, which human being’s life paid for the bed, the wardrobe, the curtains. He has no real connection to this place, no sense of home.
They jump apart as fast as lightning, facing the door, hearts thumping. Sherlock picks up his gun from the floor (
"Okay then. So why are you only using yourself as a subject? Not exactly the most reliable way to do things, is it?"
"Look, something's got you in a bit of a mood. I have enough to deal with without you sulking all the time. Can you call back when you're not as miserable?"
For all your 'above average intelligence' you can be a bit thick. There's another important factor you didn't take into account, and it's that I'm your soulmate. I was matched with you for a reason. It's very unlikely anything you can do will put me off. And it's not because we haven't actually met or because I'm reading your letters in my own voice or whatever. It's because I genuinely like you. You're interesting and likeable and honestly I'd like to punch the people who dared tell you otherwise. I'm guessing that's the reason you can't seem to believe me.
John takes a moment to absorb this, inhales and exhales, before croaking out like a confession, "And if she's not? If she's genuinely changed and just shot you to get out of a sticky situation?"
Sherlock had dismissed John’s idea with a roll of his eyes, saying how he never went to a muggle primary school. “My father tutored me at home, with reading and writing and maths. Mother helped me with magic and deductions and the more useful stuff, when she wasn’t at work.”
"Redbeard. I know, it's a stupid name. I went through a bit of a pirate phase when I was younger and the name stuck."-
"Get some sleep." He said, his voice firm. Overcompensating for the way his heart shook in his chest. "You're drunk, remember. Don't stay up, playing the violin or whatever. I'm going to - "
"That's what happens when my hair gets wet, it's not a big deal. Unless I look so absolutely replulsive..."
"Honestly, I don't understand why these things still exist." Madam Pomfrey tutted. "Every time, something like this happens." With a wave of her wand John's head stopped stinging and his vision cleared a little.
“I’ll be fine, okay?” John kissed Sherlock’s forehead gently. “I’ve been studying hard, and I know what I’m doing. Sort of.”
"I don't doubt that. I've seen her practicing." Sherlock said. "Beuxbatons teach very advanced charms."
"Still. God, my mum would love this place. She loves cottages and the countryside. There's this terrible movie she watches all the time just because she likes the house the main character lives in," John chuckles.
The three-headed dog in question, Redbeard, is the audience of this monologue explaining the origins of the universe, and has been a hundred times over in the last couple of thousands of years. As such, he is looking equally bored by this.
I haven't been too bad here in France. Yes, it is sunnier here than in Scotland. Shocking. Mummy has been trying to get me to 'enjoy the sunshine' and not 'lock myself away in my room'. What she doesn't realise is that I've been 'locking myself away' for my own health and safety. I burn very easily, and who knows the kind of impact that has on my health? Not to mention the vast number of times my being outdoors has led to scrapes and fights and all sorts. (Though that was more to do with my general personality than being outdoors.) But surely, as a mother, she should care about the well-being of her son???)
"Five minutes can't hurt. He already knows about you. And John will take care of the potion, right? Go on!"
"'Course." In the distance, he hears sirens. He supposes that gunshots are more efficient than phone calls to bring ambulances to a scene. His vision starts to fade. "I have you to live for."
At the station, which is now considerably quieter, with only a few other people scattered around them, they stand on each side of a barrier, Sherlock preparing to get on the train, which is due to leave in four minutes.
"I try not to theorise before I have all the facts," Sherlock replies calmly. "It would obscure my reasoning and taint the evidence."
"Always have been." The man shrugged. As he walked away, he shrinked until the last trace of him was the sound of scuttling spider's legs against the pavement. Mary took a shuddered breath and looked at the card. There was just enough light to trace the cursive letters on the card:
Mcgonagall and the other teachers came into the tent and then went to join their respective pupils, except from Mcgonagall who stood in front of them. "Good morning, champions!" She said, "I hope you have been preparing yourselves for this task," Mcgonagall must have seen the amused look on John's face, because she then sighed and went on to say, "Well, Merlin help you if you haven't." Mcgonagall flicked her wand and summoned a rolled up sheet of paper from the table. "This," she announced, "is what you will be facing today."
John’s eyebrows shot up, but his smiled widened in the way it usually did whenever Sherlock went about deducing and figuring and solving. “Well, actually I had to throw it otherwise I would have never made it here,” he laughed and unlocked the door of the classroom.
“Now picture yourself going home, taking a nice hot shower, shampooing your hair and all that. You take five deep, deep breaths. Really. Do it in real life.”
It was that time of the day again. The halls of the university were empty of the pitter of energetic feet and the chatter of inquisitive minds. The reddening afternoon sun was slanted through the tall row of picture windows that lined the hall to the classroom that was currently being guarded by one Sherlock Holmes: Consulting Student.
Their meals arrived just in time to stop the silence turning awkward again, and John dug in, trying to hide the slight crisis that this topic of conversation had caused in his little definitely-not-into-Sherlock world. Sherlock daintily chewed through his ratatouille and sipped at his wine as John tried to fill his empty belly as quickly as possible. All he wanted was to be full, asleep, or drunk right now, and he was working hard on the first and last on his list. By the time they had finished dessert, he’d had about four glasses and was feeling more than tipsy. Sherlock had had two and a half, and was clearly a giggly drunk, as he had struck up a conversation with John again and was sharing embarrassing secrets about the other restaurant-goers with John in a very loud whisper, making John snort and giggle with him. It was nearing eleven when they finally left, Sherlock skipping down the street clutching John’s hand as he stumbled along behind him.
“He was hit on the head pretty badly, so we’re going to keep him overnight for observation,” the doctor explained. “You can stay in here with him. There’s a chair over there.” She waved in the general direction of said chair before swiftly withdrawing.
He shook his head, trying to get rid of the thought. Sherlock wasn’t dead, he was right here in front of him, and he would wake up soon and come home with John, and they could go back to… normal.
“Sherlock, you've hardly slept in almost a fortnight, what with this case, the jewel smugglers, and that whole kidnapping thing. Don't be an idiot. Come and sleep with me.”
"Are you talking about 220?" Sherlock cut in. The girls nodded simultaneously; once up, once down."I live across the street. I'll be more than happy to help if you need anything," he continued, "But John will be expecting me back any moment now. Goodbye!"
“Uh, thanks.” He shot Sherlock a strained smile. I’ve never seen John this hungry, thought Sherlock, noticing his tenseness and fidgeting fingers.
John gazed guiltily on this beautiful sight for a few minutes, then slowly and quietly made his way upstairs again, only to return, after a minute of worrying, with his duvet, which he draped over his flatmate's prone figure.
“Thank you,” he whispered, as he closed his eyes. John squeezed his hand again gently, trying to ignore the lump in his throat as he too drifted into a fitful sleep.
John had noticed that the sounds of motorbikes were becoming more frequent in the last week. This time, they had woken him up at 5 am. It being a workday, he couldn't go back to sleep, but, of course, he was too tired to stay awake for two hours until he could start his daily routine.
Sherlock realised suddenly what was keeping him so warm. It was John's duvet, he noticed with a start.
The footsteps receded, and after a second Sherlock pulled away to see who it was, his expression obscured by the dim lighting. John bit his lip, thankful that the darkness concealed his blush as he realised his pants were a little tighter after that bit of ‘acting’.
It had been half an hour since they arrived at the restaurant and luckily, they’d managed to get a booth right next to their man. Sherlock had been surreptitiously watching him, while John had torn his way through a starter and was waiting impatiently for his main course. He hadn’t eaten since 12 and it was nearing 9pm now, so he could hardly keep his mind on the case at all. He was eyeing another table’s full plates when Sherlock suddenly reached out and grabbed his hands, pulling him close over the small table. John tore his eyes from the food to stare questioningly at him.
John pulled back and cracked open an eyelid, clearly taking stock of the situation. His face melted into a slow, cocky smirk as he noticed the somewhat desperate look on Sherlock’s face. His smirk grew wider as he traced a finger over Sherlock’s side, enjoying the small tremor it caused in Sherlock’s bottom lip.
To take his mind off it, he started looking around Sherlock’s room. He’d never been in here before, only seen glimpses of it when Sherlock had left his door open and John had just happened to walk past. He had a few minutes now to look around, while he waited for Sherlock to clear away whatever caustic chemicals he had used to destroy John’s chance of a good night’s sleep.
As the song continued, Ruby went to have a shower whilst Isi packed all of their equipment. As she finished, she remembered that Sherlock, and by default John, was living across the road.
Their breath mingled in the space between them. Sherlock felt another wave of guilt crash over him. “You’re not going to, John, I swear. I thought so too and- If you want me, you can have me. All of me. All I want is you.”
“That was a good idea of yours,” he said, successfully catching John’s attention. “Earlier, I mean. In the alley.”
He grabbed Sherlock’s hand and started pulling him downstairs, towards the bed that wasn’t completely incinerated.
He continued to breathe as though he was asleep; he would just observe John. He had nothing else to do, and it would be interesting to collect data that he would usually miss.
“Says the man who complains about the sofa being too small to even sit on properly. You take the bed.”
“Sherlock, you know when I said I had experience with the other sex? I, uh… didn’t actually get this far with him.” His slight blush spoke of his uncertainty.
An hour passed, and he found himself replaying the fateful afternoon again and again in his head. It was lucky that the bastard holding Sherlock had only pistol-whipped him, and the one who had loomed up behind John had missed his mark and buried his bullet in the wall instead. It was unfortunate that John had had to break his jaw, but when a muscly goon is swinging a knife at your guts, you don’t really have time to step back and say “Hey, why don’t we just sit down and talk this out?”
friend. Yeah, you’re a bit of an idiot for rushing off without me, but that doesn’t mean you don’t deserve- Look, I’ve been with you this far, and I don’t plan on leaving you anytime soon, so just… trust me. I care about you.” The words slipped from his mouth as his grip on Sherlock’s hand got tighter.
Sherlock’s eyes strayed to where their man was heading, not in the direction of the front door, but towards the kitchen.
gorgeous.” John said, the compliment passing his lips before he could censor himself. His blush crept slightly further onto his face as Sherlock seemed to zone out for a second.
“Sherlock! Please!” He cried out again, his voice breaking. Springing into action, Sherlock tried to capture his flailing limbs. After a moment’s struggle, he managed to grab hold of John and clutch him to his chest.
“Sherlock, I- I thought you were dead. In the basement, and then in my dream- I couldn’t- I can’t lose you. I don’t
“So my bed’s alright for firewood, but yours is too good to be experimented on?” he spat, more irate than ever.
“Yeahhh.” John slurred. Without thinking, he leaned in, pulling Sherlock in and puckering up for a repeat of earlier. Sherlock, a bit too far gone to notice this, put his arms around John, enveloping him in a tight, passionate hug. John, face buried in Sherlock’s snow-soaked coat, relaxed into it for a few seconds before nodding off, letting all his weight slump against his hug-mate. Sherlock staggered backwards under the unexpected extra weight, landing with a thud on the sofa.
“Sherlock…” He hummed, beckoning him to lie next to him. Sherlock smirked at the profound effect he’d had on his lover and crawled back up to join him. John glued himself to Sherlock, wrapping his arms around him tightly and nuzzling happily into his neck, pressing grateful kisses to every bare bit of Sherlock’s skin he could reach. They lay down again, and John pulled him closer, breathing deeply as he recovered from his orgasm.
No, this moment stood out for two reasons; one, Sherlock was sound asleep, and two, the curtains were open, letting pale moonlight spill through the windows and bathe the floor in silver. This bright illumination meant that the world was thrown into a greyscale majesty, pierced with shadows that were darker than spilt ink. These shadows were all over Sherlock, making his cheekbones stand out, exaggerating the rise and fall of his bare -
"Doctor John Watson." Sherlock finished her sentence for her. The brunette smiled and stuck out her hand, which he shook politely.
“I’m still angry. Get into bed.” John growled, his stomach churning as he felt the mattress dip next to him. Sherlock sighed worryingly close to him.
“I’m sorry,” He murmured after a few seconds, not meeting John’s eyes. “I should have waited for you. It was my fault.”
At around 12:57, Sherlock finished the experiment he was conducting and called Lestrade to let him know who the killer was, his motive and where to find him and his murder weapon.
“Um, yeah. Please.” John avoided eye contact as Sherlock, realising he wouldn’t be able to get at the wound on John’s chest properly from this angle, got on his knees before him. He shuffled closer to get a good look, inadvertently placing himself between John’s legs.
Sorry this took so long guys! I'm kinda losing interest in this fic, but I'm gonna see it through to the end for you! I'm hoping to finish it before the end of the year, but we'll see how that goes ^_^'
When he got back upstairs, John was lying on the far side of the bed, facing him. He sat up, looking slightly nervous. Sherlock shut the door and slowly padded to the vacant side of the bed, watching John for any signs he was doing something wrong. He slid in next to him, sitting up as well.
“Thanks.” John muttered. The adrenaline had all but worn off now, and he was colder and more tired than ever. His stomach let out a loud grumble.
"I don't believe you really solved it. You're just a couple of schoolkids trying to make a quick buck." the man, Mr Thompson, sneered.
“Sherlock,” John breathed, “You monumental idiot. How have you not noticed by now that I love you too?”
“John,” Sherlock whispered urgently, reaching back to grab John’s arm. John stepped back out of reach and whispered back.
"No, of course not." Miss Jersey replied. "I'll give you all the necessary paperwork, and you can sign it."
Sherlock chuckled at that. “I’ll take you to Angelo’s later,” He promised, his eyes warm as they met John’s. “But first-” He looked pointedly at the bedside clock and dragged the covers up to cover them both.  “It’s about 5am, and I imagine you’d like to continue sleeping.”
John turned to head back down to the living room in order to catch forty blissful winks, but Sherlock stopped him with a hand on his shoulder.
"Possible vantage points for snipers." Isi half-turned and gave her a lopsided grin. Miss Jersey laughed nervously.
Ruby cleared her throat, embarrassed. "Umm...do you think the neighbours would mind us keeping our motorbikes on the street outside?"
“So how did you say you figured out the next victim?” he asked, trying to diffuse the knot in his stomach.
This was the man who had saved his life, who wore expensive suits and could put the world’s best detectives to shame before he'd had his breakfast.
Lucas himself was a slippery customer. He dodged down alleys, across a park or two, and managed to run through the foyer of a hotel before they finally caught up to him. They almost lost him after that, but John managed to take a shortcut through another building and headed him off, tackling him to the ground as Sherlock skidded to a halt next to them. Panting, John restrained him as Sherlock searched him for the top-secret blackmail material Mycroft wanted, pocketing it quickly as he triumphantly texted Lestrade to come and make the arrest.
Sherlock grinned as he sucked just that little bit harder, squeezing John’s balls again and moving his head in time with John’s quick, frantic thrusts. With a low groan, John came, filling Sherlock’s mouth as he shuddered to a rest. Sherlock waited until John pushed weakly at his head before pulling off and swallowing. John was breathing heavily, eyes closed and a blissed-out smile plastered across his face.
John complied without looking at him. Sherlock didn’t mean to let his fingers brush against John’s as he took the fresh roll, but the small breath it drew from John made his own pants seem to grow tighter. He finished the job quickly and looked back up at John, who seemed intent on memorising the cracks in the tile wall opposite.
Sherlock had cupped his balls briefly, giving them a light squeeze that sent tremors up John’s spine. Growling again, he placed a steady hand on John’s chest and pushed him to lie on his back before throwing off the covers and swinging his leg over John’s torso to straddle him. They shared another heated kiss as Sherlock not-quite-accidentally pressed his ass against John’s boner, and they began to moan and rut against each other in unison. Breaking away again, Sherlock stopped to press a trail of quick kisses down John’s body, crawling backwards until he was placed between John’s legs, his face hovering inches away from the target of his attention.  He looked up at John suggestively, and John nodded emphatically, still half-convinced this was some beautiful dream. Sherlock darted his tongue out, and with quick licks travelled the length of John’s dick, one hand pinning John’s hips to the mattress to stop him from bucking, the other gently fondling his testicles. His eyes darted up to meet John’s as he lapped teasingly at the head, and he watched John’s rapt expression as he slowly took the rest into his mouth. He sucked slowly, working his tongue around the tip and bobbing his head up and down as John moaned and moved his hips involuntarily. Sherlock snaked a hand up to tweak one of John’s nipples, and John whined and shuddered at his touch, clenching a fist in Sherlock’s hair.
John realized he could easily hold Sherlock’s hand and take a walk around the block, or put and arm around his waist. The only thing stopping him was him.
He opened the door without knocking, leaning on it for strength. Sherlock was sitting on the edge of the bed, his head in his hands and his elbows against his knees.
Sherlock stopped short when he walked through the door. John was bundled up on the couch, wrapped in a thick blanket.
Despite that, Sherlock never once suggested that they meet outside of school for lunch or even just to hang out. John wondered if this could possibly mean his intuition was wrong, and that the boy just had a very odd priapic disorder that happened to flare up whenever he was around. John didn’t count it out.
John shut his eyes tight, hoping to spare himself from whatever was in Sherlock’s eyes. “I was pretending with Molly. It was practice.”
“No,” Sherlock said suddenly. “I wasn’t waiting long.”  He sat at the tall thick mahogany desk that belonged to professors and placed his notebook casually over his lap.
John’s eyes widened and guilt left him cold and awake. He rushed to knees in front of the boy and grabbed Sherlock’s hands.
“Oh you don’t?” John asked, cocking his head. “You don’t see it? Besides the huge, red, whopping fact that I’m
“John, I have to step out for a few hours,” Sherlock said, spending an inordinate amount of attention on his left cufflink. “But I’ll try to manage my time smartly. 8pm is the usual time for events like this, so I’ll try to be back by 6.”
“Uhuh,” John breathed and let his tongue dart out to wet his lips. He crept up behind the chair and flexed his fingers before dipping under into Sherlock’s collar. The other man stiffened visibly and suddenly the blood was pounding in John’s ears, making his head feel like it was being held underwater.  What in the hell did he think he was doing molesting this guy? Oh, but his skin was
“No, no, no. Please listen. Please. Look at me. The only reason I’m not lying in my bed, in a flannel robe knocked unconscious by two different types of sleeping pills is you, Sherlock Holmes.”
“Well, then Rosie can -“ John cuts off at Sherlock’s raised eyebrow and sighs. “Yeah, I guess Rosie can’t come with us.”
John sighs. "Fine, I suppose so. Deal." They reach across the table and shake hands briefly, then Sherlock reaches for his phone in his back pocket.
“Well, not exactly,” Sherlock smiles. “But she did bully him when they were in high school. When they reconnected twenty years later, he started plotting her murder. Marrying her was just part of his long term plan. Almost admirable.”
John feels a pressure on his lips, soft and warm, and his eyes shut on instinct, but it is gone as quickly as it came.
He ends up asking her out the month afterwards, when he sees her flirting with one of the male nurses and decides to break the pattern of letting second chances of happiness slip away.
As the kiss continued and increased with enthusiasm, the world shrunk until there were no more cabs to run after or serial killers to catch or hiding criminal masterminds to be forever paranoid about. As far as the last one was concerned, over time that fear had shrunk until Moriarty seemed like a bad dream, too long ago and far away to be worried over. Right here, right now, with John pressed against him and his arms wrapped tightly around his waist, they were safe and unafraid. After all these years without any sign of him or his people, what were the odds that they’d ever return?
"Yes, did John mention me?" Mary shook Sherlock's outstretched hand with surprising geniality. "Oh, where is my memory, you must be Sherlock!"
"Come now, do I have to be explicit? Do I have to remind you of the vow you made?" Alissia rubbed subconscious at her right wrist, like it pained her. Unbreakable vow. The bastard had made her make an Unbreakable vow.
He smiles back, small and bashful, while making a dismissive hand gesture. "Not at all. I never intended this. I barely did anything."
Mary wrapped her arms around his shoulders in a tight, possessive hug. "God, you're adorable." She murmured in his ear. John scoffed.
Moran, seemingly without instruction, tapped their wrist with his wand and murmured some spell under his breath, causing Alissia's and Moriarty's hands to glow. Alissia's eyes widened in understanding.
"Except get you drunk, punch you, and abandon you for some Hufflepuff twat." John could feel his anger simmering up again, so he took a deep breath. "Can you stand up?"
"Caring, Sherlock," a sing-song voice sighed, Mycroft in the room now. A reminder. "You need to focus. Besides, the knife went quite deep into him, did it not?"
"Yes. I didn't want to, though," he said quickly. "It was a brilliant night. Really. We even exchanged numbers afterwards so we could meet again. It's just that I had to go back for Harry. Her play was on that night, and it went poorly because of the actors' inability to learn their lines and the props being in the wrong place. I sorted it out, helped her get good critical reviews, and tried to leave in time to meet you at the bar again and do the whole thing over, but by the time I got there, you had gone home with someone else."
"I wish I did," John hisses. "I wish I did, and that I saw sense, and I never left Baker Street for you."
“You made me run across half of it just now, I know how big it is.” Sherlock laughs quietly, trying to keep silent as they wait for their suspect. “Seriously, though I was never this out of breath five years ago.” They never stood this close to each other five years ago either, but John puts this thought aside
"I hardly think that's possible. But surely you've wanted to go back and undo most of those deaths?"
Were they leaving? That couldn't be right. Time was utterly inconsequential here. And even if it were, there was no way it could pass by so quickly, before Sherlock could even appreciate and make the most of it. After all, there were still many things left on his list of 'things to do with John Watson now that we'll be together for more than an overnight stay.' Such as coming up with a shorter title for his list. He frowned. “No, we’re not.”
Harry: Antonio follows him, as he knows Illyria (where it’s set) can be dangerous and is v protective. They reunite, but then soon separate, bcos Sebastian wants to explore and play tourist while Antonio waits in the inn
It seems stupid to bring my soulmate journal to a vets. I wasn't really thinking straight when my dad said we had to go to the vets, and I suppose I knew that this book would be as close as I could get to having you actually with me. You would know what to say to make me feel better.
Sherlock sighs then reluctantly smiles for the camera, a shy, private smile that is more sincere than he would like John to believe. Rosie does not smile, but she isn't having a temper tantrum, so John takes that as a win. He takes a couple of pictures then joins in himself, turning the phone around so the camera lens faces them (Sherlock says something there being a lens at the front of the phone, but John ignores him, technology not being one of his fortes). He wraps his arm around Sherlock's waist so that they're close enough to both fit on screen them capture the three of them together. Afterwards, he gives the phone for Sherlock's approval.
John’s eyes appear to grow dim as he talks, grieving and full of regret. Sherlock would give anything to see the things John has seen, all that violence in action, the metamorphosis from life to death, and yet John seems to be less enthusiastic about the whole ordeal. Sherlock changes the subject. “So what are you the god of? Medicine?”
"There was a serial killer near where Sherlock lives over the summer." John explained to Mary, "Stabbings."
John turned back around and nodded. Glancing back at Sherlock for encouragement, he nudged his way past the crowd of students. He crossed the silver circle surrounding the cup (an age-line, John remembered. He released a held-in breath as he successfully walked through without him spontaneously combusting, or whatever an age line would do if he was underage) and unwrapped a slip of paper with his name written on it. With his fingers crossed, he dropped the paper into the cup and just like that, he was officially a contender to be the Hogwarts champion.
The case was given to them by Mycroft, whom John had met the same day that he went on his first case with Sherlock, and swiftly came to understand why Sherlock would assume that John was spying for him, or why Sherlock had referred to him as a 'pain in the arse'. The case involved a Russian diplomat, Yanovich, and his family, who were visiting England, and a tip-off that there would be an assassination attempt in the theatre that night, while he was there watching a production of Macbeth
John follows behind Sherlock, his heart swelling affectionately as he watches him bound into the ticket office.
"Alissia." Sherlock turned to the female student, seeking confirmation. Mary's - Alissia's eyes shifted at Moriarty, as if confirming his permission for her to reply, then gave a small patronising smile. "You're very slow to catch on."
"John," Sherlock interrupts firmly, voice annoyingly calm. "Rosie's sleeping, and we're not getting any closer to figuring out what to do to keep you safe."
He heard people enter the infirmary. Adults. Teachers. Aurors. There were gasps. There were hands pulling him away from Mycroft, and Mycroft's body was levitated out of Sherlock's arms onto a hospital bed. Sherlock was too tired to resist the person dragging him out into the hall, though he kept yelling out his brother's name.
Mary laughed, and looked down at the floor where Janine was staring, wide-eyed, and sure enough a black, reasonable big (though Mary had dealt with bigger - and deadlier - in the past) spider was sitting on the silver floor by Janine's feet, dead still. Mary sighed and bent down to scoop the spider into her hand. "You sure you don't want to hold it? It's very friendly." Mary offered the spider in her hand to Janine, to which Janine responded by leaning backwards.
In a way, John did get all those things now. But he supposed he was seven years too late for anything more than this strange limbo, a purgatory between friendship and love. They got together before John went to war, before his hair was bleached and greyed by years of sun and stress, before he returned with a limp and a scar and nightmares which, though had decreased in frequency, were no less intense than before.
Lessons were silent and uneventful, indecipherable white noise droning in the distance as Sherlock sat stoically on his stool, never interacting with anyone, doing the bare minimum as he counted down the minutes to the next break. The next time he could see John.
"Even so, you can't just suddenly...change your mind!" Mr Watson exclaims. "It's only since you've been talking to - to
"As a musician myself, I know how to handle a variety of instruments delicately," Sherlock had argued. "And John is a doctor. He has steady hands. Your oafish bodyguards wouldn't know how to handle a slice of bread without breaking it."
The students are the most frequent customers John has to deal with, with their hands, which are shaking with caffeine-induced energy, frantically typing out their essay minutes away from the deadline, a half-empty cup of coffee next to them which John refills whenever they look particularly in despair. They write things down in notebooks, frantically read novels in one night, highlight entire pages as though the text will somehow be more memorable on a pink background than a plain white one. (In John's experience, it isn't.) The grateful, watery smiles nearly make the whole shift somewhat worth it, to know that his purpose now, though no longer an army doctor saving lives, is still somewhat appreciated and a positive contribution to people's lives. Plus, it serves as a pleasant reminder of his uni days, studying for anatomy tests overnight, having wasted the week in advance meeting friends or staying over in girlfriends' flats. Back when he had friends and an easy life, free of nightmares and limps and scars from a war he has long since stopped caring about.
The brunette glared at him, whilst her friend snorted in derision. They started speaking in perfect unison. "
At the promise of sleep, John managed to bring himself to trudge to their rental car. Sherlock opened the door for him after watching him fumble with the handle for more than ten seconds, then hopped into the driver’s seat and started navigating through the country lanes, the only sound the turning of the wheels and the obnoxious snoring from the passenger seat.
“It’s not that bad,” John said petulantly. “Only a few minor lacerations.” He reached to pick up the med kit and winced as he jostled the injury on his arm. Sherlock was at his side immediately.
That is, until he came home from a long day at work, trudged up the stairs - barely noticing the suspiciously flatmate-free living room – and entered his room for a nice long sleep...to find Sherlock, clad in lab-coat and eye protection goggles, standing over the charred remains of John’s bed. John closed his eyes, not wanting it to be true. He opened them. The bed was still burnt to a crisp. For fuck's sake.
. He buried his nose in the soft dark blue cotton, breathing in a scent that he had wanted to catalog for so long.
“It wasn’t my first kiss, John. I did have a boyfriend in Uni, when everyone said I should have a partner. We kissed and so on, but he was just using me as a trophy.”
“I understand,” Sherlock continued, not daring to look at John’s face, “If you do not want me here, and if you… want me to leave. Permanently.” He whispered this and flinched as John brought his hand up to cup his cheek. He risked a quick dart at his face. John’s brow was furrowed, his mind clearly working around this new information.
Sherlock nodded emphatically, reaching up to pull John down into a passionate kiss that lasted until they had both run out of breath.
John woke up late the next afternoon, head resting pleasantly on someone’s shoulder. He lay there for a second, feeling the warmth of the body next to him and the tightness with which whoever-it-was was holding him before remembering who, where, and what it was, although not why, when, or how. He opened his eyes a crack to see Sherlock, fast asleep and curled around him. Not wanting to wake his sleeping flat-and-now-apparently-bed-mate, John courteously kept still as his mind panicked like a captured pigeon with a rigid view of its own heterosexuality. He remembered last night, listening to Sherlock as he explained the ins and outs of rural borrowing laws and the lineage of a farmer’s dog, and he remembered…
“You? Mr Sherlock drama-is-my-middle-name Holmes? I bet you’d love someone fawning over you, listening to your every word, giving you gifts and stuff.”
“Yes. I… didn’t want to lose you.” John tried to school his face into a friendly-but-not-too-friendly expression. “It doesn’t matter now. Just sit back and get some rest.”
Isabel answered him. "Ruby was stabbed a couple months back. I had some damage to my feet, which he helped mend. He was also in the same ward as us. He told me about you."
He grimaced. It was becoming more and more obvious to him that what he wanted with Sherlock was just a bit more than their ‘normal.’ The cuddling, the hand-holding, the drunken kissing- God, why couldn’t he just be content with what he had? Sherlock didn’t want it, so there was no point in daydreaming about it, was there? He shifted uncomfortably in his chair. He felt so selfish, wanting something Sherlock couldn’t give him. Even now, here, he wanted to reach out and take Sherlock’s hand, just to feel better, to feel safe. He couldn’t. He wouldn’t. He crossed his arms and hunched in on himself, staring grimly at Sherlock’s prone form.
“Fine.” John grudgingly offered up his injured arm, taking a fresh roll of bandages from the med kit in his other hand as Sherlock carefully unwound the old dressings, revealing a long cut across the bicep.
"There you are, Sherlock." John brought him out of his reverie with a light pat of his hand. "Your head should be almost better by now as well."
He didn’t know what to expect really. There were scientific posters on the walls (unsurprising), a few pictures of famous criminals (creepy, but not unlikely), bookcases crammed with what seemed to be scientific journals and rare copies of old books, a faint smell of sweat and decomposition, and, of course, the bed.
“I’m here, John, I’m here! Wake up!” Sherlock shook him, and John woke up, fisting his hands in Sherlock’s coat before realising who he was clinging to. Sherlock could feel his heart pounding against his chest. John looked up at him, wide-eyed.
“Get ready for bed, John, I apparently have to park the car somewhere other than these stupidly narrow country roads.” With that, Sherlock flicked on the light, shot John a quick grin, and slammed the door on his way out.
“Of course,” Sherlock pulled away reluctantly. “I’ll be right back.” He practically sprinted downstairs, and was changed and ready for bed in record time.
" Sherlock gave them a half-wave, and crossed over to 221. He stopped at the door, looking back over his shoulder to watch them disappear through the entrance to their flats. He turned back round, and bounded up the stairs to 221b.
“Sherlock…” He breathed, as Sherlock’s undamaged hand made its way to the front of his pants and he pressed into the touch, running his hands over Sherlock’s body, exploring and discovering as he had wanted to do for so long. Another frustrated growl burst forth from Sherlock and he grabbed at John’s t-shirt, yanking it up and off, barely getting it off before his mouth was doing unspeakable things to John’s hard nipples.
He huffed in exasperation. A client/murderer had broken his violin two days ago, Mrs Hudson was out, and he was
John soon followed his own advice, and Sherlock did too, eventually, dreaming of his new life – their new life – together.
“Hmm.” Sherlock thought for a moment. “Ideally, I’d like you to fuck me-” John drew in an aroused breath. “- but I’d rather take it slow if you’re inexperienced.” John nodded.
20 minutes later, after ensuring Lucas was safely restrained and waving off Lestrade’s requests for statements and the like, they found themselves walking back towards home together.
Sherlock woke up feeling strangely warm. He cracked his eyes open slightly to see John in his usual armchair, clearly enervated. Not a nightmare, he didn't look as jumpy as he usually did after a nightmare. He slowed his breathing down to make it seem like he was still asleep as John checked his watch and sighed. He glanced over at Sherlock before getting up and walking into the kitchen. Sherlock could hear the click of the toaster being put on, the swish of water inside the kettle as John filled it. His flatmate had clearly been up some time.
Relaxing slightly, John listened to Sherlock's slow breathing next to him and the steady flow of London traffic outside until he slipped easily into his long-awaited sleep.
“Sherlock- I-” His face crumpled. Tears rolled down his cheeks, heavy and fast, and he buried his head in Sherlock’s chest, choking back sobs that wracked his body. Sherlock stroked his hair soothingly, whispering to John as he felt him slowly relax.
“Goodnight Sherlock.” John pulled the duvet tight around his shoulders and closed his eyes, trying to ignore the tension pressing on his chest.
No answer came, only a faint snore. Sherlock blinked bemusedly, unused to this closeness to John. He'd only shared a bed with someone on a few occasions, and that someone had usually been Mycroft at Christmas when they were younger, squashed into a single bed in a distant family member's spare bedroom. Of course, the difference here was that he actually liked John, and although Sherlock would have given Mycroft a swift elbow to the ribs if he'd invaded his personal space like this, he decided he rather liked this closeness to John. After a second’s thought on what to do, he dropped a gentle kiss to John’s forehead like Mummy used to do to him, pulled the duvet up to cover them both, and turned out the light.
The brunette drew a quick breath, glanced around, then began speaking rapidly. "The woman behind you is a florist; she has bits of plant leaf under her nails, rope burns from the string she uses to tie packages with, she smells faintly of earth, she has all the equipment for floristry in her handbag, which is wide open. She is also a single mother of two; there's a locket around her neck, which is partly open." she stopped to draw breath as the blonde continued.
“Yes. Although,” Sherlock hesitated for the briefest of moments, “we should probably pretend to be a couple still, in case he recognises us from the alley.”
- blue-and-brown dressing gown. Sherlock made a mental note to look into asking if he could dress John  -
Sherlock droned on and John found himself relaxing. This was fine, wasn’t it? They’d had conversations like this hundreds of times over the six-odd months they’d known each other. It was normal by now for them to stay up late reliving the grisly details of a case. And it wasn't like any of the times he’d shared a bed with a woman or anything. That was usually purely physical, and he didn't want to shag Sherlock, did he? They were just good friends. The weird feeling was probably just the effect of him coming down from an adrenaline high straight into exhaustion. John turned onto his side to face Sherlock as he prattled on about the case. The dim lighting highlighted his sharp cheekbones and shiny curls, and John smiled sleepily as he let Sherlock’s warm, deep voice wash over him. He could faintly smell Sherlock’s personal scent, and when he turned to face him too John could smell the toothpaste on his breath.
"Oh." He opened his mouth to ask why, then shut it again; he couldn't deal with this much in one morning. "Right. Well, see you later, I suppose." He strode off down the street, leaving Isi to close the window and cook her and Ruby's breakfast.
They were still there the next morning when Mrs Hudson came to bring them their breakfast cuppa, Sherlock stroking John’s hair as John snoozed on top of him. She raised an eyebrow as Sherlock held a finger to his lips accusatively, and left the tea-tray on the table, smiling to herself as she crept back out. Honestly, she thought to herself, those boys!
It had been a long, long day in Herefordshire. Sherlock had deduced a serial killer’s identity by matching mud samples from the victim’s shoes, just as John had been in a grimy basement five miles away, tackling said killer as the next victim cowered in the corner. After the usual rigmarole with Sherlock wrangling the local police and John making a witness statement, the criminal was arrested, Sherlock had a good gloat, and as the adrenaline slowly ebbed the tiredness of being awake for over 35 hours straight hit John like a runaway train. Unfortunately, this being the back end of nowhere, he was miles away from his nice, new bed, and Sherlock didn’t seem to be too worried about anything except filling him in on what he’d missed while he was off staking out the killer’s hiding place.
“For fuck’s sake.” John wiped at an errant tear and raised his eyes to the heavens. He bit his lip, studied Sherlock’s face for a moment, then leant in and gently placed a kiss on his forehead.
“John, go round the front!” Sherlock bellowed as he gave chase. John did as he was told, racing back around to the front of the restaurant in time to see Lucas emerge hastily from a nearby alley, Sherlock hot on his heels. He raced after them, cursing the slippery snow that was piled up against the buildings and halving the usable pavement.
“I was merely trying to ascertain how various household items react to fires started with industrial chemicals and I thought it best to try it in situ, as it were.”
“I, uh, didn’t mean to assume- that is, I mean-” John grimaced at his ineloquence. “I’ve done that before. In college. One time.”
“It was him,” Sherlock confirmed, in a low voice. “Your deception worked. If he saw us, he must have thought we were a couple, so we’d better keep up the act for now.” His grip on John’s hand tightened. “Alright?”
John still felt uneasy, but he heard Sherlock’s footsteps getting closer. He clambered into the bed, settling on his side facing away from the door as it opened and Sherlock entered.
As soon as he was released, John headed straight for the intensive care unit, those staff that knew him staying well out of his way. After a bit of interrogation of an unfortunate junior doctor, he found the room where his friend was lying, unconscious, but at least still alive.
“I love you too,” John slid closer, wrapping his arm around Sherlock and resting his head on his chest. “Although I should have insisted you buy me dinner first.”
Once they had both brushed their teeth and changed into their pyjamas - silk pyjama bottoms and a t-shirt for Sherlock, cotton bottoms and a vest for John - John found himself standing in his flatmate’s room, feeling rather awkward and self-conscious for no apparent reason. He’d shared beds with his friends before, in the army and, before that, back in his uni days when he’d partied too hard and couldn’t make it home.
It’d been five months since John had moved into 221B with Sherlock, and so far the lanky git hadn’t done anything truly awful. Sure, there was the whole nearly-getting-John-killed thing, and Sherlock’s utter disregard for regular sleeping hours, other humans, and John’s job, but those were all fairly easy to deal with. After all, John had been in the army, and life with Sherlock was just as hectic and dangerous, if not more. At this point, he felt as though he could deal with anything life could throw at him.
