"Yes, we are." Tony's mouth provided the words on autopilot. He swallowed hard and forced himself to look away. "Totally screwed." He somehow kept his voice light as he shut his eyes and willed it to go away, that need to kiss Steve. That overwhelming need to kiss Steve, that didn't even feel sexual. He didn't want to rip the guy's clothes off. Well, not right this minute. He was sure he'd want to eventually. But right now, he wanted so very badly to turn around and be wrapped in Steve's arms and to rest his forehead against his and then softly bring their lips together. Smile against his mouth. Maybe trail his fingers through the ridiculous hair a bit. Slide his thumb along those cheekbones. He could not recall wanting something so scarily.... tender ever before. He shuddered at the word. This was not okay. Lust was okay. Lust was simple, lust wasn't so fucking
"Your fucking escort would be lucky to escape without casualties, you asshole! I tossed two dozen overboard, some of them unconscious and I don't know how many have been shot by Hawkeye! Or how fatally. Are you seriously telling me you risked the lives of these soldiers to administer a fucking
"Would you believe they don't sell balloons that say 'Happy Make Up Sex'? I had to improvise."
"Would have taken too long. Too many people around."
“You agree with me.”
Tony quickly lubed up his fingers and then slid one in next to Steve’s and wondered at how smooth and warm it felt. When Steve pulled his own fingers out, he eagerly pushed two more in. Steve let out a shuddering breath. The sound of it went straight to Tony’s crotch and a rush of power went through him. He started kneading Steve’s inner thigh with his left hand while he watched the fingers of his right hand move in and out. Steve had rolled onto his back and splayed his legs as wide as he could spread them, his fingers scrabbling ineffectively at the sheets.
“I can walk by myself!” Dane protested.
"Okay." He tossed the wrenches on the table and followed Steve out.
He waits for Goat Man to notice him, but it doesn't happen.
“I hate you, Rogers.”
“I owe my new life to Mr. Stark and Mr. Stark’s father. I would still be frozen if they had not kept looking for me. And Mr. Stark has been very generous toward me those first few months of my new life. I would hate to pay him back by gossiping about him.”
“No. I am done with treating this like it’s temporary, Tony. No more counting, no more pretending we are gonna quit any day now. We’re going to make this official.”
Steve looked a little wild around the eyes. “It’s okay. I just wanted to bring Tony-”
. Then he stopped talking about you. And then after I told him he stopped talking altogether. It’s horrible. I want to shoot him.” She paused. “At this point it might be considered a mercy killing.”
He also had forbidden himself to touch Tony. He didn't trust himself with that at all. Touching would turn into caressing, he wouldn't be able to help it. It was awful, because Tony was looking more tired and haggard by the day and Steve ached to touch him. To check on him and support him and to keep him warm at night, and he just couldn't risk it. So he watched Tony struggle from a distance. It was his fault that Tony was stuck here and if the man died here, Steve wasn't sure he'd dare to go back to rest of the Avengers, even if he could. He had taken Tony off the watch roster, now that Bors had joined them and he made sure that he ate. At night, when Tony slept, he'd cover him with his own blanket, because the man seemed perpetually cold, but he didn't dare share body heat. Especially not that. Tony would be better off if Steve kept his distance. But, dammit, he missed him.
“Couple of bales. They’re heirlooms of a sort. Bit unpractical as far as heirlooms go, though, size-wise , so most of it was sold off a few centuries ago. Louis the 14th apparently loved that shit. Used it in his stables.”
"I'm sure it's fine. I doubt he has forgotten you all of a sudden." She sounded confident. And possibly a little irritated, because it was at least the thirtieth time Tony had brought it up in the past few hours. But Tony was too afraid that that was exactly what it was, that Steve had forgotten him. Or maybe he'd had an accident. He wondered if he should have JARVIS call all the hospitals in the lower 48. Or maybe he had met someone else. Tony groaned. What a god damned fucking mess.
"Of course not, Captain Ramius." Tony sneered. Steve was fairly sure that had not been the name of the captain of the
"You caused major collateral damage and terrified an entire village. If you'd secured the school first then they couldn't have holed up in there and taken that class of kids hostage." He gestured to an array of monitors that were displaying all possible angles of the village Tony had just left. Steve and JARVIS had been busy while he was gone.
"Your concern for my happiness is touching."
“They were fleeing,” said Gawaine, obviously irritated with Steve's arrival. “The cowards.” He spat on the ground.
"With all due respect, Ma'am." He knew his voice was curt and anything but respectful, "But if he is not worthy, then your definition of worthy is too narrow. He is one of the best men I know."
Tony shook his head as if trying to dislodge an annoying insect.
"Now?" said Steve. "It is almost evening, should we not wait till the morrow?"
"Tony, are you ok? You seem tense." Steve looked up at him, sleeves rolled up and his forearms wet with steaming, sudsy water. Tony wanted to scream into his damp dishtowel that he needed to stop looking at him like that. With all the big blue eyes and the concern and stuff.
"I can't remember a whole lot, but that sounds like me," admitted Tony. "Why is everything itchy on top of being massively painful?"
“Shut up. I need bigger prime numbers. Or this will be over in ten seconds.”
“I see you dropped the Consumptive Poet look you adopted last year,” the man said. “Too bad. I think I am next in line to inherit this place if you croak. Very inconsiderate of you to give me false hope like that.”
"Well I am happy my lack of skills are amusing to you, but I'd rather you just drape me over the railing and go have fun with Natasha and the other members of the skating elite."
"What are they saying, JARVIS?"
"What the hell was that?" Steve wasn't shouting, but Tony felt his hackles rise anyway.
“Tony! Can you be paranymph today? Mike just called, he’s got a stomach bug.”
“You fucking asshole,” Tony hissed, not sure if he meant his father or Loki.
It was. There were candles burning on the mantle, and garlands, and lights strung along the ceilings, held up by.... arrows? Tony was going to have a talk with Barton about shooting stuff into his walls. Anyway. Sam was right. The room looked warm in a way Tony had never experienced before.
"I made spaghetti and meatballs. Come eat." It was phrased as a command, but it sounded like a peace offering. Tony briefly considered blowing him off to sulk a little more aggressively, but his body had already breathed a shaky sigh of relief and let his shoulders sag with the release of tension. Steve's super eyes must have spotted it, because a small smile started to tug at the corners of his mouth. And just like that Tony lost the will to sulk.
Steve heard a soft whoosh behind him and both he and Percival ducked instinctively. A figure made of green flames came flying over their heads and over the crowds. Screams of rage turned into screams of fear as the man of flame swooped low. It was an almost perfect replica of Iron Man, Steve saw, except its flying style wasn't as cocky as Tony's. Steve couldn't pinpoint the difference exactly, really, he just knew the person behind this green fire Iron Man wasn't as full of swagger as Tony usually was. This person was more goal oriented. And if his goal was to scare off the crowd, it was doing an admirable job. The pressure on Steve and Percival had lessened considerably and once the fire creature started shooting flames from its hands like repulsor blasts it wasn't too long before the people turned and fled altogether.
The man jumps up like he's been shot with a slingshot and he rounds on Steve with his fists balled and his teeth bared. Steve's reaction to the sudden threat is just as explosive. Finding air where the reflexive grab of his hand reaches for a gun that he hasn't worn in over two years, he jumps into a fighting stance, arms raised. He is about to step forward and punch the man in the face, when he realizes what he's doing and forces himself to breathe instead. This is why he hates confrontations.
Steve was leaning over the railing staring out over the moonlit sea and the little pinpricks of light at the horizon that must be the Italian coastline. Tomorrow the ship would dock in La Spezia for excursions to Florence. Except Steve and Tony were signed up for an afternoon of ballroom dancing lessons. If Steve was up for it. After checking that this part of the ship was truly deserted and there were no ninjas lurking in the shadows, Tony joined him at the railing. Steve moved closer, so their shoulders were touching, creating a warm and solid presence on Tony's side. He felt tension release that he had not even realized he was holding. Silence stretched and it wasn't uncomfortable, at least not until Tony became aware of the things his traitorous brain wanted to toss into that silence. He struggled valiantly, but it was no use, it was like all that decency Steve exuded had short circuited all the usual overrides and his mouth just went ahead without him.
"Done, Sir."
Across the room, Tony took off his outer robes and vanished them in mid air. Then he turned back abruptly to the group of people that was messing with the snow sculpture and grew the dryad (or Rowena Ravenclaw) a set of snow horns as if what he was wearing wasn’t scandalous at all. Steve doubted he himself fully appreciated exactly how untraditional the almost skin tight button-down shirt and waistcoat were. All he knew was that he himself, and, no doubt, all the other men in the room wore the billowy, shirts with ruffled cuffs that he’d always thought belonged in old timey pirate movies, but that were apparently standard wizard attire. Tony’s shirt didn’t even reach the waistband of his decidedly low cut trousers. These barely covered his hip bones and let a tantalizing strip of flesh bare. Steve wanted to touch him so badly, he didn’t know how was still standing here. Then Tony stuck his wand in his waistband for a moment and started rolling up his cuffs to just under his elbows. Steve might have groaned.
"It sounded good, but that doesn't mean they are actually good. Add a monocle and that man could have been palling around with the Red Skull."
"Really? How..?"
something besides wait for the villains to show up. Something more interesting than looking up Frank Sinatra songs, anyway. According to the itinerary, Del and Corbin were signed up for the Karaoke Duet Night, so 'Del' and 'Corbin' were going to have to show up and sing
"You shouldn't be going in at all without protection! You -"
And Steve was taking Bors and Percival and getting the hell out of here to find Tony. This was done and over and delegated and he could not help but feel that he was running out of time somehow. He needed to find Tony. And more importantly, he
“Yeah, with the condensation running down the outside of the can.”
The campsite was quickly packed up and Bors made arrangements for the horses at a nearby farm and then they embarked. Once they were on board the ship started to move all by itself, because, of course, it was a fucking magic ship, but Tony couldn't even spare that a curse or two. He looked at Steve stowing away their gear and wondered if he was going to feel this surge of warmth every time he caught sight of him.
"As I am sure he'll be able to relate to
“Oh, nice job this year, Pepper!”
“Tony? Are you awake in there? How do I open this?” This time he was sure he'd heard something. Breathing a sigh of relief, he put his ear near the face plate and said “What?”
"Think he could have hitchhiked here from Kuwait?"
thing with James Franco?" Clint tried.
“Next time? You’re planning on building another evil motorcycle?”
Whoops.
“Are you a fucking genius, or what? If we give you the guy's notes and publications, I'm sure you'll be able to bullshit your way more convincingly than any spook we'd send.”
Steve looked up with trepidation to the top of the cliffs that embraced their patch of rocky beach. They had to get out of here. There was no other choice. If they spent the night here, on this beach, in their soaking wet clothes, Tony would still die. Of hypothermia rather than drowning, but the end result would be the same. He had no idea what the tide was doing, but there was a chance there wouldn't even be a beach in a few hours. He hoisted Tony's wet, grit covered body up over his shoulder and staggered towards the wall of rock. Someway, somehow, he was going to climb that rock wall with Tony in his arms. He didn't know how, just that he would find a way.
"If you can afford to lose the sleep: be my guest."
“Okay,” he said. And softly: “I love you, too.”
"Wait. The cookies go on the tree?" asked Bruce.
“I’ll let you ride bitch seat.”
Tony’s heart had jumped at ‘more than that’ and he was trying to figure out a way to back up and admit he hadn’t meant it like that. So he wasn’t really thinking ahead when he said:
Steve had Tony pinned to the limo seat and was trying to get friction on his erection, when Tony started pounding on him with his fists. Steve pulled his mouth away and looked down at him. Tony looked fantastic. His pupils were blown, his hair was a mess and his lips were swollen. Steve's stubble had left red marks along the jaw and down his neck. But Tony was shaking his head.
Percival crossed himself and the lady and her boat instantly burst into flames and flew screaming up into the sky. The four men were taken aback by the sudden violence of it.
They read in relative silence until the dryer is done. It's not uncomfortable, actually, Tony cracks jokes about
Steve looked at him funny. Had Tony not made clear yet that he'd had posters on his wall as a kid? Maybe that hadn't come up between the Cuban Missile Crisis and the fall off the Berlin Wall.
“I dunno. Take them to the pound.”
As well he should. Steve was just now standing up in the shallow end of the pool, brushing back his hair from his face. Water was streaming aesthetically down all the planes and angles of his torso. Muscles were rippling with the movement of his arms and his tramp stamp was just peaking out of the back of the swim trunks. Then he ascended the stairs of the pool like the gay porn version of the the Birth of Venus. Tony wondered if his tablet would break if he slammed it down on his dick to make it behave. He checked back in with the swarthy dude. Still watching Steve, still flicking his eyes back to Tony on occasion. Tony turned his eyes to Steve, wondering if he was going to go back in or come over, but one of the women in the lounge chairs had seized the opportunity to go chat Steve up. Now that she could safely do so and not get her designer bikini wet. Although the way she was trying to climb him might cause some water damage anyway. Steve looked uncomfortable, but he wasn't peeling her off. He was shaking his head, which had absolutely no effect whatsoever on the pouty princess. Tony sighed and rolled his eyes. Of
“You know how you two haven’t spoken since the press conference? I know he thinks you won’t take his calls because he figures you’re mad at him for the choice he made. And I know you’re not calling him because you don’t know how to tell him that you kept it from him that you were dying. And you’re both miserable.”
Steve went a little wide around the eyes. Tony spoke softly: "Come on, Del, for God and country," and placed his free hand at the back of Steve's head tugging gently. Steve didn't resist and Tony took that as a yes. He meant the kiss to be short and chaste, he really did. He was 99% sure that if Steve had been kissed before it had been limited to women and the last thing they both needed was for him to freak out about Tony's beard being part of the proceedings. But Steve latched on to him as if Tony was the only person left in his world that made any sense at all. He kissed Tony as if he was about to fly off on a suicide mission, and that was just.... Stronger men than Tony, who hadn't been lusting after the guy for days, would not have been able to resist that. Tony didn't stand a chance. He fisted his hand in Steve's hair and softly bit the plump bottom lip that had been tormenting him for what seemed like eons. When Steve gasped at the sensation of teeth, Tony tilted his head more and added tongue. Steve made a startled little noise that turned into a needy little whine and pulled Tony closer. Tony eased his leg in between Steve's and ground his erection against Steve's thigh. Totally lost in the heat of his mouth, in the sensation of Steve wrapped all around him, the feel of him under his hands and against his dick, it was a shock to the system when Steve pulled back abruptly. Abdel and Yamilla had come around the corner. Steve urgently pulled Tony away.
"De nada. You know Insomnia is my only superpower."
Then they let go.
"One day, grasshopper, I shall tell you all about bears and lumbersexuals."
“Rinse your hair, Tony,” he managed and dunked the man's head forcibly under water. While Tony was spluttering, he made his escape.
"You're young, Sir Galahad. You haven't encountered a lot of temptation yet," he offered.
Tony unlocked the door, but didn’t go in. He looked at Steve, who was leaning with one shoulder against the brick, watching Tony fumble with the keys.
“What? No! That's the girl who wanted you to take her non-existent virginity. See, she keeps glaring at me, the little man-stealer.” He flicked the piercing again. This time Steve stayed put but he sucked in a sharp breath. Oh, those nipples were really sensitive. Tony felt himself grinning like a maniac and he had to hide it in the crook of Steve's neck. Which of course made it almost impossible not to open his mouth and drag it up Steve's neck, so he did. The fingers of his left hand were now rubbing the barbell continuously.
They made their way home enjoying the silence.
“Is this man you are looking for that much braver then?”
"Hurry it up, Stark, I hear more of them coming, pounding down the hall." But Tony was busy trying to figure out how to shoot the balcony guys through the glass. They had just noticed Tony and were turning towards him, when the man on the left took a flying leap backwards over the railing. Which didn't make any sense, until Tony saw Steve climbing onto the balcony. The other man jumped towards Steve, who kicked him in the center of the chest and then sent him flying after his friend. Tony swallowed hard. Steve looked..... fierce. Exhilarated. Vibrantly alive.
The contemplation of his imminent demise from caffeine withdrawal was disrupted by the arrival of a man on horseback, entering the square. Tony regarded him curiously. If he disregarded a few decades of contamination by Hollywood movies that had sported actors with flawless teeth and better skin care routines, he supposed the man could pass for a knight. He was bit long in the tooth, although as far as Tony knew this is what people looked like at twenty-five in this day and age. He didn't think so though. He really looked closer to sixty. The man had a shield with a black dragon on it and a sword that he had raised in front of him. It wavered a bit and his helmet could not quite hide the fear in his eyes. The horse's eyes were even wilder, but it was obviously trained to stand its ground in the face of danger.
"So," he started. As much to delay that inevitable first bite as from desire to start that discussion. "Now that my Snow White theory has been disproved, getting out of here is going to prove more complicated than I'd hoped."
Steve looked over at Bors plodding along beside him, his arms filled with dead branches. "Does Sir Percival truly not know that bees sting? Is he... a simpleton?" Bors shrugged, hampered by his own load. His default scowl was firmly in place.
“It did, did it?”
“Don’t look so put out, honey bear,” Tony chided. “You’re the one that left us alone in a limo with blacked out windows. What did you expect?”
“Not in the database I have readily available, sir. I could search foreign national databases if you like, but it's going to significantly impact the ship's available bandwidth and I'd likely be discovered in the system. Performing the search in a way that would not raise the suspicions of the sys admin would take up to 24 hours to complete.”
“How is he doing?”
He very pointedly did not expect Steve during his Saturday shift, so it was stupid that he still felt disappointed when Steve didn't come. Scouring the cellar sink at the end of his shift at 1 am he wondered if Bruce would be willing to help out catching the cats.
He opened his mouth to say no anyway, but Tony had already sensed his victory. He slapped Steve on the back and yanked him out the door.
“You insulted your motorcycle and
"No time, Clint! There are about a hundred of these guys on the ship and eighty seven of them could be stealing my armor right now, while you stop to pick these off."
Debatable, but that was neither here nor there.
“What? I… No. Just take them.”
The bickering was a nice distraction, but eventually the point was reached where the dishes were done, the stove was cleaned and the counters were wiped and they were heading back to Tony’s room. Tony’s heart was beating in his throat as they crossed the kitchen and bade everyone good night. Clint leered suggestively, but Tony ignored him. What was he going to say anyway? He hid his anxiety by going to check on little Bruce first. He was on the bottom of a kitty pile with Thor and Tasha and seemed blissfully happy with that. Tony scratched him between the ears.
"And you're bleeding. Shit! You're bleeding!" Steve reached out a hand to his face and Tony backed up another couple of steps. Until his back hit a tree.
“Of course he is staying,” said Bruce. “There is plenty. There’s time for him to take a shower, too.” He turned to Steve. “You should get out of those wet clothes. You’ll catch pneumonia.”
“The paranymphs are more for moral support these days. I’m bringing Natasha to glare them all into submission. And you can look like you think all their questions are dumb, if you want. I can’t believe you read it. You’re officially more qualified than Mike now.”
Steve stared at him. That was the most Tony had ever said to him and it was hard not to feel flattered just by the fact that Tony was using more than three word sentences. He knew he shouldn’t be intimidated by the smaller boy, but knowing and feeling were two different things.
He couldn’t help but wonder occasionally how Steve was dealing with the weather. Nothing he could do, he knew that, and Steve’s choices weren’t his choices to make. But he still worried.
"I think you should lead, " Tony said, "You're bigger. I'd look like a sparrow trying to push a tank through a maze."
He could tell the double doors to Tony’s place were warded to the teeth before he’d even gotten close to them. Right. A simple
He'd been about to thank everybody for a lovely day and escape when he and Steve had been delegated to clean up duty. Tony because he'd contributed the least to the cooking and Steve because he'd eaten the most. So here they were, washing the pots and pans that didn't fit in the dishwasher. And it'd be about fifteen more minutes before he could escape.
Well, he
He woke up drooling on Steve's shoulder. Tony blinked a few times. The chicken suit guy from Toy Story 2 was on the screen, but the movie was paused. Steve was still asleep, his head resting on the back of the couch with his face turned into Tony's hair. Every exhale caressed Tony’s scalp with a warm, moist, puff of air. Somehow that made Steve more real and alive than watching him wake up had been. Tony thought he should probably move. He didn't particularly want to, but it was a little... intimate and who knew how his Dad's perfect soldier would react to finding himself all snuggled up with another dude. When he tried to carefully extract himself though, Steve made a noise of protest and his hand gripped Tony's thigh like a vise. Right. Super strength. Not going anywhere then. For a lack of alternative, Tony fell back asleep.
"Yeah," Tony nodded again, "Then you don't have to worry about not worrying the people who care about you and you don't have to keep up appearances. I get it."
“I wouldn’t be able to if it was me in there, that’s what you said.”
"Actually," said Clint, "You and my grandmother have remarkably similar personalities, now that I think about it. She's probably done a paint-by-numbers self portrait too."
"You didn't jump on that? That sounded right up your alley. Us against evil, Superheroes of the world unite! Saving the universe and all that jazz?"
“I wish I could have been there for you. I wish I could have talked to Howard when that was going on. I feel like I failed you, somehow.”
It was early morning and Tony was welding the last of his particle accelerator together. And suddenly there was Steve’s laugh, clear as day. Tony jerked and almost fucked up the weld.
"Okay, let's get out of this shitshow," his voice distorted by the armor. "I can only carry one at a time in this suit. Clint, you first. You can cover me when I go back for Steve. Let's go Mr . Everdeen."
"No, Clint, that was before my time. Like the dinosaurs. We talked about the dinosaurs."
Steve abruptly gets up to perform an unnecessary oven check. Then he busies himself with setting the table. Usually he eats on the couch on Sundays, but that is obviously out today. He glances over to the couch, but all he can see from here is a tuft of dark hair sticking up behind the back of it. It looks soft and touchable and Steve wonders what the hell has gotten into him. What does this Goat Man have that has shattered Steve's illusion of being indifferent to sex, with pretty much nothing but a look and a bad attitude? Not that he can imagine acting on this new-found return of his libido, it is overwhelming enough even when constrained to his head.
“Fine! But if he kills me, I hope you have crippling guilt forever.”
"Vacation is over, O Captain, my Captain. Let's make a run for it before the dudes with the tele lenses get here."
They held themselves still, with their heads together as if they were gazing out over the ocean on their little bench, while listening to the two sets of footsteps that went by behind their backs. When the steps had faded away, they looked at each other.
“Really.” Rhodes looked pensive. “Well, you may want to lawyer up too if you still have an interest in the company. Not my specialty, but I can recommend a guy. And I can have my assistant fax over the article, if you like.”
"Hello, Ms. Hill. Aren't you supposed to be at work?"
"Anything for you, doll." Tony's voice was barely above whisper.
"Beer, Barton? Don't cookies traditionally go with milk? Or hot chocolate?"
By noon Tony couldn't hold on at all anymore and Steve shifted the shield to his back and carried Tony bridal style. It was at once easier and more difficult. Easier because he had a better grip on him and he could go faster, but more difficult because he could see the grimaces of pain passing on Tony's face with every step he took and the clammy, sallow skin under the blush of the fever. The arc reactor had barely any color to it and Tony's breath was fluttery and uneven. The worry became dread. Tony was going to die in his arms if they didn't get to that Grail today. The thought was unbearable, so he pushed it away and focused on finding a gait that was both fast and didn't jostle Tony too much. He ended up with some kind of loping half run that ate up the miles.
"What are you doing?" He spoke softly, not wanting to wake Percival on the other side of the fire before the man had to get up for last watch.
“I started walking. I don’t know what I was thinking. I wasn’t thinking. I just walked away. And kept on walking. Someone gave me a ride. And then someone else. And I kept going. I didn’t know what else to do. And as long as I was just trying to survive, I didn’t have to
Right. Of course. Tony scrambled back and found out quickly that trying  opening the wrapper with lube coated fingers was impossible. Impatiently, he tore it with his teeth and then failed miserably at getting his trembling hands to roll it on. Fortunately, Steve’s hands joined his and he was unrolling it and stroking it in place in no time. He tore his eyes away from the strong, callused hands on his dick and looked at Steve. Steve smiled.
After all we went through, don't you think I know it's more than that? And you thought...
Thor had left pajama pants, socks, a T-shirt and a sweatshirt on one of the sinks and Tony silently thanked the gentle giant, as she shoved Steve’s clothes in the washer and turned it on. The shower was still going, steam rising above the door and Tony willed himself not to imagine Steve’s naked body in there. Taking Thor’s clothes back to his room, he stopped by Bruce’s. Little Bruce was wrapped in a pink washcloth atop the hot water bottle and was eagerly sucking milk out of the giant pipette that big Bruce was handling deftly, while Natasha watched with an uncommonly soft expression on her face.
“Fine, fine, let me deal with Thistlethwaite and then I’ll be completely at your service.”
“Come on. I have a can of soup at home and I make a mean grilled cheese. And I have beer. You don’t have to go tonight, do you?”
"No senior citizens for us tonight, I suppose," Tony said. "And the wait is finally over." Steve felt the same sense of relief. Some action at last! And if that guy thought Tony would stop him from beating him up if needed, he had another thing coming.
“Please.”
you're wearing chaps?!"
that he could cook.
“I said, I need a couple of parts, but they're easy ones. I'll go down to Radioshack and ACE Hardware in the morning. There's nothing more I can do tonight, so I'm going up.” He winces a little as he rises out of his cobbler's pose and stretches. Steve's gaze flies to the line of his torso, the muscles moving under his shirt.
Natalie was staring at Steve and she seemed put out. Fury was staring at Tony, though, weirdly enough.
"No I didn't
century. Then Tony told his story as if it was the biggest joke ever and Steve couldn't help laughing throughout the recounting, even though it was horrendously obvious that Tony had been lost and lonely and frustrated, just like Steve. Tony's fingernails were cutting grooves in the soft wood of the table while he talked and Steve wanted to cover his hands with his own and make him look at him. To let him know that he knew that they were joking because it was easier, but that he also knew it had been fucking hard for the both of them and that he was just so pathetically grateful Tony had come for him.
Tony frowned at him. Had he been too quick? Not convincing enough?
Tristan merely shrugged, but Steve knew the man would let himself be led by Dinadan, as usual, so he fixed his eye on the short guy with the curly hair who was still beaming at him.
"God forbid," said Tony, "Lead the way, then." They started towards the elevator. "Oh. J.A.R.V.I.S.? Make sure I have some orchards or else buy me some. I don't want to know what happens when a god sings to an orchard of mine that doesn't exist."
But everything wasn't fine. The muddled mess of lust and anger and awkward friendship and need, so much need, was far from fine.
“Seriously, I didn’t do that much.”
“Wait!” called Clint. “What are the other two named?”
"It was the Grail?" He said, almost panting with the struggle. "Sire, you must allow me to search for it. It is what I was born for. I need to-" He fell back down on the litter with a little gasp.
“Excellent. Steve and I will be taking the bike over in a little while. Can you have Entwhis-” Tony glanced over his shoulder at Steve, then turned back to the painting. “No. We need Thistlethwaite for this. Firecall Thistlethwaite and convince him to meet us at the manor at 11 for a rush job. Invoke my father, bribe him with my firstborn, whatever. As long as he’s there. Tell Entwhistle I’ll see him at 4.”
A few minutes later, after several twists and turns, he came to a section where the light was still on. Not a power outage then, he thought grimly. They must have cut a wire. He briefly considered running back and letting Cecilia know but decided against it. They were safe for now and he couldn't spare the time. He did stop to look at the place where the wire ran along the wall and noticed that it hadn't been cut but someone had smashed a connector box with a rock. Primitive, but effective. Then he noticed it. Something he would have run right past if he hadn't stopped to check out the box. One of the gates barring access into a side corridor was slightly ajar. The lock had been practically rusted through, so a solid kick must have been enough to open the thing. That is where they must have taken Tony, and likely the twins too. As hostages? A diversion? Didn't matter right now. Steve pushed through the gate and started running.
"That is what
Steve looks up helplessly.
Tony had taken a shower himself and changed out of his spunky T-shirt and was busy being disappointed by the contents of the fridge, when Steve entered the kitchen in snug sweatpants and a snugger T-shirt. And freshly shaven.
Afghanistan. He thought his libido had died with Bucky, but here it is, coming back online for a sweaty, no doubt smelly stranger. As novel as it is to realize he isn't dead below the belt, it's inconvenient right now, so he is going to ignore it. It's not like he is going to make a pass at Goat Man.
He looked at Natasha and Sam, who were staring back at him with mouths open.
"Your torso is like a fucking work of art." he breathed. He placed his hands on Steve's hips as Steve stepped between Tony's spread knees. Tony leaned forward and pressed a kiss right under Steve's navel, then trailed his tongue down the path of where his happy trail used to be before the day at the spa. It tickled a bit, but in a way that only ratcheted anticipation up another level. Steve bit his bottom lip to stop himself from making embarrassing squeeling noises. When Tony's tongue reached the waistband of his capris, Tony tilted his head up, brown eyes holding Steve pinned.
"Uhuh. I have hard time picturing you even eating any oatmeal at any point in your life, to be honest. I imagine you being weaned on caviar and champagne."
At daybreak Steve splinted the leg as well as he knew how. Tony bitched and cursed through the entire process, but didn't argue that it was time to go. Steve strapped the shield to his front and then offered Tony a piggyback ride.
This time there was trepidation in his voice.
“Still doesn’t mean it was alive. Pardon me for offending your delicate sensibilities.”
"You weren't in your right mind, Sir Percival. The ill humors in the smoke were messing with your head. You cannot be blamed for the things you saw."
at Steve's dick. He'd had his hands on it this morning, and that had felt awesome, but he hadn't had a good gander at it yet. He dragged his mouth away from Steve's and started mouthing down his neck, while pushing him back towards the kitchen counter. Steve made a protesting little noise that turned into a groan when Tony latched onto his neck, his hands scrabbling along Tony's back. When they bumped into the counter, Tony slid his hands under Steve's tight T-shirt and rucked it up till it was under his armpits. He ran his hands over the warm, smooth skin covering the dips and planes of the hard edged muscles under it and the sensation of it went right to his cock. Already panting, he pushed himself away from Steve and looked. Steve was breathing hard too, looking a little lost, and the rapid rise and fall of his chest served to accentuate the picture of mussed perfection. Tony stepped in again and slid his hands under the waistband of Steve's sweats, on either side of his hips. He paused and flicked his eyes up to Steve's, silently asking for permission. Steve only breathed a little quicker, in apprehension or arousal, that wasn't clear, but that was good enough. He eased the sweats down over the tight globes of Steve's ass and then brought his hands to the front to free the straining erection from where the fabric had entangled it. Bless the man for going commando. He let the sweats sit at the top of Steve's thighs and looked at the man leaning on his kitchen counter. Clothes shoved up and down, out of the way, and naked from his nipples to his ass, Steve was possibly the sexiest thing he'd ever seen. The sculpted abs, the flaring shoulders, his white knuckled grip on the edge of the countertop, his kiss swollen lips, dilated pupils and his beautiful cock straining up towards his belly... What made even better was that, unlike many of the men he'd been with before, Steve wasn't even trying to show off what he had. Instead he showed a devastatingly endearing mix of feeling discomfort at being on display and being aroused, possibly by the same things that were making him uncomfortable. It was a heady mix and Tony wanted to devour him.
"Stuff the sarcasm, Stark, you
"Excellent, excellent. At least we'll be traveling back in style to our horizontal skyscraper. Steve, this is my driver and body guard, Happy Hogan. Happy, this is Captain Steve Rogers, aka Del Porter."
"What?" said Tony.
Steve laughed. “Oh, what the hell. I’d be happy to make an honest man out of you, and you know it.” He started going down on one knee, but Tony instantly jerked him back up and hissed:
“Brucie. Look what I got!”
“Oh,” smiled Draco. “He’s perfect.”
Oh. Right.
"He won't. Well, maybe. I don't know. Okay, he'll be free to join the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, if he so desires. Except he can't sing. Why can't I go to the trial?"
to feel more of that. And he needed more skin. Much more skin. So he held Tony with one arm and worked his other hand under Tony's shirt. God, he loved Tony's skin.
"Of course not! You like Sinatra. I thought you'd like it. Why did you cry? If I wanted to make you cry I would have picked Celine Dion or something equally horrendous. Or maybe..."
“I'm not sure if I should lick every inch of you or if we should just skip straight to the fucking. I'm really torn,” whispers Tony, his breath hot on Steve's chest. And as much as Steve's dick is on board with the licking, to make it last and last, he knows he'd be tormented by second thoughts, and third thoughts and thirty-fourth thoughts. It wouldn't work. He needs it fast, and hard, or he's going to chicken out.
“He may be okay if we feed him and keep him warm,” said Bruce. “Natasha, can you warm up some milk? Room temperature or a little higher. Not hot, but take the chill off. I have some pipettes in my room that I can use. And we’ll need an old towel. Does anyone have a hot water bottle?”
Then followed group of Ministry officials and there was no opportunity to ask Tony what that had been all about. He had an inkling he maybe, possibly wasn’t going to like it, though.
Redditch had stopped smiling. "It is important for us to know how you would react under a potentially hostile situation, Captain."
"He did. You ignored it. So I've come to fetch you."
He pulled out the sketchbook he'd got in Rome. It was caked with Afghan dirt, like everything else in this shithole, but the drawings still stood out clearly on the smudged pages. Fountains, fountains, fountains, on the first few pages and then Tony, Tony, Tony, Tony, Tony, Tony, Tony, Tony.... Tony absorbed with his soldering iron, Tony frowning at his tablet, Tony lounging on the couch, Tony laughing out loud, Tony with ridiculous bedhead, Tony sprawled on the bed fast asleep after sex, Tony just waking up with a soft and private smile, before he had had the chance to think of something sarcastic to say, Tony with his hand on his cock.....
“Sure. I can almost guarantee it. You need a certain amount of chaos in a region to fly under the radar as organized crazy-ass evildoers, you know. The European Union is way too regulated for them. And the EU may be pissy about the US refusing to import their mad cow infested beef, and they don't particularly appreciate all that 'greatest country in the world' tripe our tourists spew at rude Parisian waiters, but they really have relatively few issues with us. Honey, Europeans have way too much vacation time to bother trying to take over the world these days. I'll bet you a million dollars Hydra has abandoned all their dank Austrian castles and moved to more fertile breeding grounds of discontent people. Like the Middle East. Nice and volatile, bribable despotic fanatics in charge, zealots everywhere, it's like a candy shop.” Tony's hands had snuck around to the front of Steve's torso while he was talking and were now petting his pecs. His eye fell on the pouty girl who was glaring at him rather resentfully still. Just to mess with her, he flicked the barbell in Steve's nipple. Steve almost jumped out of his skin and Tony had to hold on with both arms to keep him in place. Oh, how fun!
“At 10 o'clock. Middle Eastern dude. Has been watching both of us rather intently for the last 20 minutes or so.”
“God, the sounds you make, Steve. I could listen to them all day. I could fuck them out of you all day. Goats be screwed, school be screwed, just you and me and a Costco-sized box of condoms. Whaddayasay?”
Tony groaned. "Because everything I touch turns to shit." He sounded like a sulky teenager and he knew it. He couldn't help it, though. The trial would last for weeks, months even, and that just wasn't something he could face with equanimity right now.
“Are you really a witch?” He had to ask.
“Yeah, three more. They got away before you got there with your freaky cat herding skills.”
“His name is Steve. Hey, maybe you've seen him on your travels. He is big and blond and very strong.”
"Sure. Pepper wears them all the time."
“Doesn’t matter,” panted Steve. “Just, maybe you could-” He didn’t finish the sentence though. Quickly pulling out, Tony got rid of the condom and shoved his fingers back into Steve’s ass, curling them cruelly against the upper wall and then he leaned forward and bit Steve’s inner thigh again. Steve almost went airborne as he keened his release. Spurts of come streaked his chest. He nearly kneed Tony in the head, but Tony didn’t care. That was awesome.
"Good." Steve's nod was more of a jerk of the chin and now Tony really wondered what had crawled up the man's ass.
There was cheering from the couch and Steve's sudden smile was blinding. It made Tony feel a little woozy and unsteady. The crutches might have wobbled a bit, but then Steve was there with his hands on Tony's hips and he didn't need the goddamn crutches anymore to stay upright. So he dropped them and grabbed a hold of Steve. He tried pulling him in, but Steve was looking pointedly over Tony's shoulder at their audience.
"What the hell was that?! Why the fuck would you jump in after me with only a knife?! I had it!"
Tony turned to him with a smirk at those two lines, but Steve was hopelessly caught in the net of his memories. He was seeing the mess tent where this song had been playing on the radio one cold, rainy morning. Bucky's hand had been bandaged and he'd had trouble with cutting his food. Some of the other guys had been making fun of Bucky, some had been complaining about the food. One of them had commented on what a lovely summer's day it was today, indeed. Peggy had been talking to Colonel Phillips in a corner and she'd smiled at him. He tried to smile at Tony, but he knew it came out all wobbly and he could see the smirk fall off Tony's face.
"Don't talk bullshit, man. Half my combat unit would fuck you, and I am not talking about just the women. But they wouldn't be sending you postcards afterward. Not on this scale, anyway. Tony, Captain America didn't just fuck you, Captain America has
“No! Yes. They look fine. But the magic is ugly. They’re muggle motorcycles that have been charmed to fly, they’re not inherently magic. You even have to have to take them in every six months to have their charms redone. They haven’t been
Elayne cheered up considerably with Florrie around though. He managed not to feel too insulted by that.
Tony laughed for the first time in weeks. He did remember that. They had all given Bruce a wide berth for ages. It was good to know this let down was a normal reaction.
"The village we passed had a healer. If we get him there quickly she can stitch him up and he'll have a chance." If he didn't get an infection, or blood poisoning, or gangrene, or if he didn't die in any of the other hundreds of creative ways this century seemed to delight in. Tristan seemed to read his thoughts, or maybe he was more of a realist in general.
"There, you fucktards! Mistletoe! Steve, for the love of god, just kiss him and put us all out of our misery." Tony's eyes whipped back to Steve, mouth agape. Steve was blushing furiously and looking anywhere but at Tony.
"I swear I will find it and bring it back for you, Sir Galahad." Lancelot's voice was firm. Everyone looked at him. Steve could tell Galahad wanted to protest, but he quelled the boy with a look. When he was confident Galahad had gotten the message that if he didn't have something nice to say then he shouldn't say anything, he brought his attention back to the situation at hand. Both Arthur and Guinevere looked like they wanted to protest. Steve didn't get their dynamics, really. Ostensibly the word was that Arthur was being cuckolded by his best friend and his wife and Steve thought that was probably true given the looks he'd intercepted between Lancelot and the Queen, but in Steve's personal opinion it wasn't really all that clear cut who Arthur was jealous of in this situation. The way he looked at Lancelot was often more heated than the way he looked at his wife. Could be jealous rage, of course, but Steve didn't think that was it. The stricken way the royal pair looked just now reaffirmed his opinion they would both be pining for Lancelot in his absence. But Arthur had no choice but to affirm Lancelot's decision, now that he had sworn to it.
He was supposedly what?
"Yeah..." She folded her arms on the table and looked at Tony. "HIV?"
"Verily," said Tony dryly. "Well, that settles that," he said turning to Percival. "She did not have your best interest at heart, my boy."
Tony whimpered, which Steve took to mean: "Just hurry the fuck up, asswipe."
Behind him, the door swung open again.
Four beers later though, when both military dudes had relented and relaxed and were trading war stories like old pals, he leaned close to Steve's ear and whispered just loud enough: "Permission to suck you,
Steve stared at him. Did Tony really-
"Never mind, Hill. Carry on. Nice work."
"Both. Grab them both," Tony urged, "Jerk us together." Steve lined up his cock with Tony's and wrapped his hand around both of them. Oh god, that felt
“Alright, fine, I’ll come vouch for my sanity, but there is really no need to drag Steve along for this.”
Not that they were letting him do a whole lot. The new guy they'd stuck him with had really no clue what Steve could do and seemed to be erring on the side of caution all the time. Probably scared to death to lose the American Icon. Steve still had hope he could convince him to give him more high octane missions, though. And if not, well, it wouldn't be the first time that he'd gone off on his own to do what needed to be done, and he could do it again. If he was honest with himself, he should probably admit his need for danger had multiplied since he had gotten back. The time spent on the ship seemed more and more like a wild and crazy colorful dream, a lot like Dorothy's Oz. And it made the reality of Steve's existence seem like an endless slog of khaki and tan monotony.
"No, we wouldn't, mom. Roger that, Rogers." He imagined he could hear Tony roll his eyes.
"That is not the part that worries me, to be honest," Steve said softly, "I've seen you cranky and annoyed, but that is not what defines you. You are kind and considerate under that layer of snark and bluster. The guy you just described would not have any friends, Tony, let alone a bunch of teammates that are this invested in his happiness. In their own dysfunctional way, admittedly." His hands were now kneading Tony's arms and Tony had to stop himself from stepping back, to plaster himself against Steve's chest. "What I am worried about," Steve continued, "is that you'll get bored with me. I'm not as smart as you, I don't get most of your references, half the time I don't even know what you're talking about. You're sharp and funny and you're involved in so many things and I am kind of bland in comparison. I don't know how I'd ever keep your interest." Steve sounded resigned, sad even. Tony's head came up sharply, but he didn't turn around.
"You have plenty of adventure, oh virtuous one," Agravaine shot back, his tone implying that Gawaine was anything but virtuous. "Do you not remember that you cut off the Green Knight's head almost a year ago and you swore to have him return the favor a year and a day hence? You are due at his castle in two months and you do not even know where it is." He didn't add 'idiot', but Steve and everyone else could hear it loud and clear.
"Only if you're not particularly concerned with public safety. Or in charge of security for your own visiting genius/billionaire. Then it's a damned nightmare."
Unfortunately, that was the moment the serpent managed to accomplish the first part of the plan. The three knights stood panting and stared at the fallen tree of flesh stretched taut across the deck, the head and its vulnerable gills safely back under the water on the other side.
“Good morning, Master Stark.” Jarvis popped up in the still life of a bowl of fruit that Steve had looked at every morning and evening for almost seven years. It was a little creepy, the way Tony’s house elf apparently had the run of the castle, painting-wise.
"On the other hand," he said blandly, "Just because a watery tart threw a sword at him..."
Tony decided that arguing that particular point would be pointless and as long as they were going to do what they had decided to do anyway, it didn't matter. So he nodded.
The intercom crackled to life.
It was full dark now. Food came from the kitchens and over the evening meal they discussed the details of what would happen next. Three of the women chose to stay with the lady, whose name was Eloise and who was the daughter of the murdered king. Steve could tell she was grateful for their company. Shared nightmares were better than lonely ones. He'd learned that the hard way since losing the Howling Commandos. Waking up on a wet Austrian forest floor with someone grumbling and jabbing an elbow in your ribs because your whimpers were keeping them awake was unpleasant. Waking up in cold sweat with your heart hammering in your chest with no one nearby to answer your screams made you feel so hollow that you wanted to die. He hoped Eloise and her companions had the good sense to all sleep in the same room.
"Exactly," Sam beamed. "Like all the normal people do. Remember it's important to make an effort to do the normal things that normal people do, Steve. Fitting back in, my man, can't slack off on the fitting in."
“Did they grow you in a lab?” Tony blurted. The captain's impassive face went even more deliberately bland. “Sir.” Captain Rogers had evidently decided not acknowledging Tony was the wiser way to go and addressed Fury instead. Not necessarily a bad decision, although he supposed it might get tedious eventually. Given enough time he was sure he could remedy that, though.
Tony didn't bother with virgins, as a rule. They needed guidance and reassurance and if Tony had been any good at providing those he would have become a kindergarten teacher or something. The thought of being significant to some random person as 'their first' held no appeal for him whatsoever. And virgins tended to blow their load a couple of minutes into the proceedings. When Tony got fucked, he wanted to get fucked hard and he wanted to get fucked long. He wanted to be
"Right-o. Here's the thing, Mr Bell. I am going to need to see the last three reports that were sent."
are not going tell anybody. I am not here officially and neither is my partner. If you do blab, the word will get out exactly how you two are responsible for this clusterfuck. Don't believe for a moment that I can't find you. Let's go." Tony helped Dane to his feet, while Steve checked out Josh, who was groaning and trying to sit up. Steve handed his flashlight to Tony.
They were reasonably well provided for by the king whose son Tony had spared and some of the nearby villages pitched in just to be safe. It was a little awkward that besides the foodstuff they also started leaving bound and gagged witches on his doorstep, though. Apparently they figured that if they couldn't burn them or drown them, they were Tony's problem. Before he knew it Tony found himself living with no fewer than twelve witches. All but three were women. One man was elderly, and a bit senile. Florrie had taken a shine to him though, so he could stay, if only to be the audience for her jokes. The other two were boys. One had come as part of a set of thirteen year old twins, both of whom had mismatched eyes. The other, Tony suspected, had female parts under his boy clothes, but since he didn't know what the current attitudes towards that were, he kept his mouth shut. His home life was a tad chaotic, to say the least, but at least he was well cared for. Even Tony could admit that Tony was shit at the kind of logistics that kept people fed and kept clothes and castles clean. He also learned to speak the language passably well with so many people around. None of his new friends could do any actual magic, though. Unless the twins were using it to snare rabbits and wading birds out in the estuary. They were scarily good at that.
Clint silently pointed at Thor. Tony raised an eyebrow.
It took a few minutes.
They don't even make it to the bedroom that night.
"What about you? What did you see?"
“Sure.” Steve sounded a little out of breath. He pushed Tony into the little hallway and closed the door behind him with his foot. ‘Maybe,” he said, before steering him towards the bedroom, hand on Tony’s ass and lips latched onto his neck, while Tony scrambled to hold on.
"I highly doubt it. If seventy years in ice didn't kill me, a few hours in the troposphere won't either." Steve's voice was wry.
“Two days. Longest days of my life.”
True to his word, Steve didn't leave his side for the entire two hours they were there. Tony ended up dangling in Steve's arms on numerous occasions, which caused loud heckling from Clint and annoying little twirls with flourishes and smirks from Natasha, but despite that, or maybe because of that, he was actually having fun.
Tony closed his eyes against the look of pure wretchedness on Steve’s face. He had sworn to himself that he’d play it cool, that Rhodes didn’t need to know. Just in case the man turned out to be a prejudiced prick. He could hire someone else, of course, but Rhodes was rumored to be the best.
“I’m torn,” Steve confessed. “One part of me thinks I should just go now, this Monday, and get it over with. Another part thinks I should wait until you go too, after your thesis defense, after Steve’s had her kittens, so that we can leap together into the unknown.”
Tony sighed and tried to go back to his project. He should be ready to give the creation of the vibranium core a shot this afternoon. By this evening he might no longer be dying, if it all worked out. On the screen Helmet Hair abandoned her fruitless prodding into Steve’s love life.
? Really?" Clint sounded put out.
He was acutely aware that sparing your friends the worry of your approaching death meant that you had no one to celebrate with when you beat the odds. He stared through his window at the moonlit ocean and felt empty. He could drink himself into a coma, of course, but it seemed counterproductive to celebrate his beating heart by trying to kill his liver. He rested his forehead against the glass, the cool surface soothing his headache. God, he wished Steve was here. Wished he hadn’t cut off all contact. It had seemed the right thing to do when he was dying. Clean start for Steve, unencumbered by Tony’s train wreck of a life, it had been for the best. Besides, Tony had been busy, didn’t need the distraction.
Coulson was about to retort when his phone rang. He excused himself, but left the tv on.
"Because, Mr. Stark, right now this is going to be painted as the immaculate American Hero versus the Dehumanizing Military Bureaucracy. As much as the public opinion is going to be on Captain America's side for this, because his story is just
“Right. Your mom's, I'm sure. I think I have better tools than that. I'm just gonna go grab them.”
“Do you have the password for the Ravenclaw tower?”
“I’m sorry about Natasha. She’s not so bad when you get to know her.”
Tony fairly quickly found the abandoned castle he was looking for. It was mostly intact but sat on a part of the coast that was slowly being reclaimed by the sea. The fields around it were too salty to be used and were lying fallow. The hovels around the keep were reduced to sagging, rotting lumber heaps, but the bleak looking castle itself had a few more winter storms to go before it would collapse. He couldn't have asked for a more perfect Evil Lair.
But on the good nights, he'd sit outside the tent in the cool air, staring up at the moon and the endless expanse of nighttime sky that seemed to swallow him up completely and he knew in his bones that Tony missed him just as much as he missed Tony. There were more bad nights than good nights, unfortunately. Tonight would be a good night in the sense that he would sleep. Maybe even without nightmares.
It had been hell getting Clint through the crowded ballroom without causing a riot. True, there had been some beefy guys in black entering through the doors in the back who were obviously searching for someone, but they hadn't spotted Tony yet and shooting arrows across a crowded room was just going to be asking for a stampede of panicked party goers, even if you were the best marksman in the world and you hit the right person. He also had to persuade Clint
Steve's voice came from inside the cabin and Tony could just about hear the blush in his voice: “Are you.... I mean.... Are you...?” God, the man could not even
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Where?” he asked, not looking around at all. Tony fished a pair sunglasses out of his pocket and plopped them on Steve's nose. Hands going right back to where they had been, though, brushing lightly up and down Steve's sides.
“What happens if you can't fix it?”
"Where is home, Natasha?" Steve really didn't know if there was any place in this world he'd consider home right now.
He hates the way saying that makes him feel like a weirdo. He's not weird... Well, he is a little weird, he knows that. Other people aren't like him. He himself wasn't like this. Before Afghanistan. But he isn't doing anyone any harm, so it's fine. He's functioning, he has a job and he's not suicidal. He just has had enough upheaval in his life that he likes things calm and predictable now. It's fine.
Steve looked at him as if Tony was simple.
"Thanks, Tony. I appreciate it." Steve stood up. "And I appreciate you waiting up for me."
None of them spoke as Tony took off the faceplate, once he was strapped into the jet. Black Widow checked on him with a look that said nothing and Tony let his head fall back.
“God fucking Christ, Steve, you are a work of art.” Tony digs his fingers deeper and Steve reflexively pushes back, wanting the touch. He thinks he feels a whisper of Tony's pajama clad erection brush against his crack and that stokes the fire even more. His dick is filling rapidly and his heart speeds up.
“Okay. I believe you.” Steve firmed up that notion in his mind and turned back to his apple. It had given up all pretenses of appledom and reverted back to being a comb minus one tooth. He was going to do this. He raised his wand, hesitated, then lowered it.
Steve sighed. “I needed to see you.”
"Likewise, Stark," she smirked back. "Nice tree."
“You finally caught him,” Steve said. Then he added, “He looks he’s had a rough time of it.”
Steve had also refused to have Redditch as his 'handler', claiming the trust was broken. After Steve had insisted several times, he'd finally been told that one of the marines that had come to 'escort' him had died. She'd been unconscious when Steve tossed her over the railing and she had hit her head on the raft and broken her neck. Steve was completely gutted by the news. That she was a woman made it worse. He was born in 1918, okay, killing an innocent woman, whether he meant to or not, was not something he could make peace with. He wanted to talk to her parents and her boyfriend, wanted to apologize, but Redditch had denied him permission. And then he'd muttered a snide comment under his breath that if women wanted to be on active duty they could suffer the consequences. Steve's super hearing had picked up the comment just fine and he'd had to force himself to walk away or he'd have pummeled the guy. He figured that 'broken trust' would be more acceptable than telling his superiors that he would punch the man in the face if he ever saw him again. That might be seen as insubordination, after all, and then Steve would not get to go somewhere where he could do
Tony sprawled back on the grass in an overt challenge. Steve gave him a look that he hoped would convey his displeasure. It must have been successful, because Tony shot him his patented smirk in return.
"What the... Who? Clint?" Widow sounded as taken aback as Tony had ever heard her. Which wasn't very.
Steve hadn't hesitated. As soon as Tony had been bludgeoned overboard with a sickening thwack, by the tail of the serpent, Steve had slapped the shield onto his back and had dove in after him. Even though the monster was obviously dead, thanks to the self sacrificing, irresponsible idiot he was now trying to find in the murky water, he'd seen Tony's eyes roll up before he even got hit, so he knew the man wouldn't be able to swim. The visibility was crap and he had no clue if Tony was still holding onto the armor's gauntlet and therefore sinking fast or if he'd still be relatively close to the surface. The air was burning in Steve's lungs but he didn't bother going up for air. If he could survive 70 years without breathing while stuck in ice, he could survive fifteen minutes without air in water.
Out of the newly exposed side of the iceberg stuck the wing of an airplane.
getting out of this?" Abdel cringed. Tony thought he might be blushing too, but it was hard to tell with his skin tone and the lack of light. Yet he seemed a little gleeful in his cringing.
house elves.”
He went back to scraping, the contained fury obvious in the staccato motions of the knife. Steve watched him for a moment. He saw so much more than a brain and a middle aged body when he looked at Tony, even in this more vulnerable state. His brilliance, his loyalty and his hero's heart were even more obvious when he wasn't hiding in his suit or behind his public persona. But Steve understood how he felt, he'd felt the same so many times before the super serum.
"I don't know how you put up with him." Rhodey reluctantly let go of Steve's hand and then turned to Tony.
"I rode my bike in! It's better than going in with just jeans and a T-shirt!" Steve yelled right back.
“That was a bit rude,' mumbled Steve.
, Rhodey! I can't fix War Machine if you hover over me like you think I'm going to replace the repulsors with pompoms."
“The latter,” said Tony, placing his hands on Steve’s hips, “definitely the latter.” He reached up and kissed him again. Steve pulled back reluctantly after several seconds.
"It's alright, Nat. Answer the man. We have ninjas coming in on zodiacs. Can you see how many?" Clint had taken out his bow and was now aiming at the zodiac. In a fluid motion he let the arrow fly, punching a hole in the little boat, which started deflating rapidly. Most of the occupants were already climbing up the ropes to the ship, though.
"Fine. I'll do you next."
"I wasn't in my right mind, Stark. I cannot be blamed. You said so yourself."
Tony could hear the thickness in Steve’s throat and felt his own tighten as well. He knew Steve knew he’d meant well, but, Jesus fuck, he’d had no idea that Steve was struggling with the
Steve just stared at the water and Tony sighed in frustration.
She offered it to Bruce, who started to protest: "It can't possibly be me, I barely know him. Is there a secret crush we don't know about?"
"Oh no, you don’t! Not here! I have plans, Rogers. Elaborate,
Bors frowned and Percy looked hurt. Tony gaped, then wanted to strangle him. Don't remember! Was that how it was going to be? Jesus, the fucking coward. Tony tossed his bowl aside, not being able to choke down another bite.
Goat Man is restless tonight. Steve can see his shadow passing by the trailer window and notices the almost imperceptible sway of the trailer as the man paces. Or whatever he is doing. Steve wonders why he doesn't go outside to pace, the evening is nice enough now and with the moon over the hills it really isn't too dark. But maybe he spends enough of his day outside with his goats and he craves the intimacy of his trailer at night. He's probably so used to the shabbiness that it feels like home in spite of that.
The impeccably dressed house elf popped up in a painting nearby. Steve wondered if paintings ever slept.
“Well, that settles that,” said Draco next to him. “Definitely salacious.”
Thistlethwaite was a disapproving older man with an elegant mustache who radiated a air of being extremely inconvenienced, yet flattered. He dismissed Steve on sight, at least as far as making any decisions about his attire went. Within a couple of minutes he and Tony were in a heated discussion about silhouettes, fabrics, shades, button holes and seam widths. Among several hundred other things that were apparently important. Steve busied himself with drinking numerous cups of tea out of china so fragile looking he considered levitating the cup to his mouth so he wouldn’t risk crushing it by accident.
"Enough, JARVIS! I am trying to sleep!"
century after a 70 year long nap in the ice. The fact that he had woken up in a military hospital on a military base had cushioned the transition more than he had realized. While the weapons had changed, and while the army was certainly much more 'inclusive' these days, with negroes, women and queers as combatants, the environment had been familiar and that had been comforting. Now he regretted not getting off base more in the year since had woken up.  He had failed to make much of an effort to adjust to this new century. He had clung to the service, like a baby with a security blanket, and it had been ripped away...
“Well done, girl,” Tony patted the bike affectionately, “Let’s get this show on the road, shall we?”
Steve looked at him.
"Sir Percival! What did that demon look like?"
The coaster spun off the table and Tony ducked down to retrieve it while he blurted:
"Thor has a phone?" He just couldn't picture that.
He could see Tony gather the shreds of his dignity together as if it were an expensive cloak. He shot Steve another dirty look while he did so. Then he sighed.
“Winter Solstice. Gotta go do a thing, tonight.” He hoisted himself up on his elbows and that didn’t feel so good on Steve’s shins. He jostled Tony to get him off.
Steve’s smile threatened to split his face and something warm spread through his belly.
Fury actually chuckled at that, the asshole. "It is. That's why you're coming back to the Avengers, by the way."
"Have you guys tasted the cookies yet?" Tony looked wistfully at the table where Clint kept piling up more cookies every few minutes. The smell was killing him.
We can't go out the way we came, there's too many, you're going to have to fly us up to the helipad!" Clint broke through his reverie.
'," he mimicked Antonio's accent perfectly, "to make the time go faster."
"Okay. Just.... Be safe, Tony."
"Redditch!" The man's head jerked up and he smiled. He had the gall to fucking smile!
"Throwing off potential trails," said Tony, "Hydra or paparazzi, it should work the same. Now, I propose we take a vacation from our vacation and get some vacation outfits." He had the cabbie take them to an open air market in a suburb with ugly concrete high rises, where people sold vegetables, fabric, Vietnamese lumpias and cheap knock off clothing. He got Steve an 'I heart NY' t-shirt that barely fit and himself one depicting a bleeding skull with a thorny rose growing through the eye sockets. Then he bought two black ball caps that were just not quite right and really crappy sunglasses.
The generator comes on again that evening. Steve stands by his window for a long time, his forehead resting against the glass, watching the trailer. It is one of those early September evenings that are more sultry than anything they ever have during summer vacation, when the mornings are cold with the fog rolling in from the bay and the afternoons struggle to break free of that marine layer. Right around the time school starts back up is when the Bay Area weather remembers it is supposed to be summer and starts producing triple digit days and overly warm evenings. Goat Man can't possibly have air conditioning and Steve imagines he must have a number of fans going full blast inside that poorly insulated tin can. The curtains are fluttering again and tinny radio music spills out the opened windows together with that same golden lamplight from the night before. The music is something with guitars and Steve is vaguely surprised the man isn't listening to one of the Mariachi stations that are a dime a dozen in the Central Valley, about an hour east of them. Most of those compete quite ferociously with all the San Francisco alt-rock stations. There is one corner, out by the refinery, where KFOG always gets drowned out for a minute by rapid Spanish commentary on his way to the grocery store.
Which left Tony with really no other alternative than to go check out the motherfucking cookies. He threw down the screwdriver with a few choice curse words and stalked to the elevator.
"I suppose he could have come as a tourist and overstayed his welcome after the Eurail pass ran out," she suggested. "You think he's an addict?"
the pencils, I'll take these three. No, I am not going to run out, Tony. Stop it, I can pay for these myself. Oh fine, you can buy the pastels if you're going to pout about it." After that it seemed only natural to kiss Tony quickly before they left the store, as a thank you. So quickly that Steve had done it before he recalled that he wasn't going to do that anymore. The touch of Tony's lips had regrettably faded long before Steve had made peace with that little slip up.
“What happened with the horse?” Steve asked Percival, as he struggled up the path before him.
Dinner isn't half as awkward as Steve had feared. For one, it is kind of nice to see someone obviously appreciating the food you've made for them and Tony rapidly shovels down two helpings before he slows down on his third. Steve doesn't remember the last time he cooked for someone else, besides the semi-obligatory potlucks with colleagues, which are never at his mom's house. And secondly, goats turn out to be a topic that Tony can talk about at length. The firm he works for is called Goats-R-Us (“Yes, seriously. Don't look at me like that. Nobody consulted me.”) and the goats are here to eat all the vegetation that forms a fire hazard this time of year. He goes on about native plant cycles and invasive species and erosion hazards and ground nesting birds and Steve finds himself nodding along and smiling. Tony is good company. He is obviously piling on the charm and Steve wonders where he is hiding the jumpy, angry man he met first.
Tony snorted derisively, but there was no power behind it.
Steve still looked like he wanted to run, so Tony picked up his duffel bag. That needed a wash too. Tony strongly suspected Steve would have grabbed the bag from him if he hadn’t had his hands full of kittens. He slowly started walking towards his front door and Steve seemed to have figured out that he had little choice but to follow.
“What's going on?” he heard Sam ask somewhere behind him.
The next morning is Monday and Steve wakes up feeling at once as if all his nerve endings are scrubbed raw, yet he is light as a feather. He feels fragile. He considers calling in sick. But the last thing he wants is to wander around his mom's house with nothing to do, right now, so he gets up, determined to avoid Tony at all costs. He doesn't even want to know what Tony thinks of him right now, and frankly, he doesn't really care after the aftermath of last night.
“That’s difficult,” Tony said finally. “It’s not now or never, though, is it? Can you take your time to figure out if you can do it or not? I mean, I’d like to be your friend, but it’s not a right here, right now,
"Fuck, Steve!" Tony sucked the finger he'd jerked against the soldering iron. "Your pick up lines need some serious work. That was pathetic."
Tony swallowed hard, then scoffed: "He wouldn't have to miss me if he just came the fuck home!"
“Standard SHIELD security features and he leaves his phone lying around,” offered Natasha.
“Steve!” Tony panted, digging his fingers into Steve’s way too short hair in an effort to dislodge him from his earlobe. He found no traction and Steve’s wasn’t budging.
"I'll bet you do. And I bet you have all kinds of fancy toys to do it with." Steve actually laughed this time and pushed a little more into Tony's side. Tony started laughing too.
“Tony,” he croaked instead, “I swear to God. You can’t just get me a lawyer!”
Steve nods.
Also, in retrospect, Tony wasn't so sure Loki hadn't just been fucking with him at the time. It was just as likely Loki had picked him specifically because he knew how lost he would be and Loki found that amusing.
“Only because I have been programmed by one,” said JARVIS in a distinctly less friendly tone of voice.
sleep.”
"LET THIS WOMAN GO, OR THE CONSEQUENCES WILL BE DIRE." He fired a repulsor shot into the air to underline his words. This drew a gasp from the crowd, but if anything they looked more determined. The men with the torches shuffled forward. Another rock or two came sailing Tony's way. He fired a shot that hit the earth in front of the feet of the man in the middle. The man jumped back, but was pushed forward again by the surging crowd. Tony hesitated. Killing people would immediately cement his reputation as a demon, but he wasn't sure what kind of time travel he was experiencing. If this was fixed time line, then anything he did would have happened anyway and he could do whatever he wanted with nothing more to fear than Steve's intense disapproval when they met again, which was enough to hold his fire. Just the idea of explaining to Steve that several dozen people were dead to make it easier for Tony to find him, made him wince. And if he was in a dynamic time line or, god forbid, a multi-verse, then killing a potential ancestor would guarantee he'd never go back home. He'd either wink out of existence (and/or get stuck in a time loop) or come back to a different universe than the one he'd left. Bad choices all. He'd have to aim to be more of a flash bang type of demon. Despite the fact that these people were really pissing him off.
Tony waggled his eyebrows suggestively and a small pool of dread settled in the pit of Steve's stomach. Or was it excitement? Both?
"Whatever." Tony blasted off.
Tony pushed himself somewhat upright, using Steve’s shoulder for leverage.
“Well, it was deep and meaningful for sure. Just not much conversing.”
So Tony shrugged and did the best he could to create an inconspicuous carrier for the shield, but it still ended up looking like his bodyguard was an
Between the beer, though, and the floaty feeling that came with the darkness and the lateness of the hour, he couldn’t bring himself to worry too much about it. He just kind of sank into it, and judging by the lack of tension in Steve’s body, he was doing the same. It was the first time Tony didn’t feel like Steve was on the verge of being spooked. Still, he wasn’t going to break the comfortable silence.
Steve sneered.
“I got a couple of your cats, I’m going to go take care of them now.”
Steve just ramped up the look.
Steve shrugged. “It’s a technicality. MIA, I guess.  But as soon as I show my face at a base and it turns out I haven’t been a POW for the last 6 months, I’ll be charged with desertion.”
“Is it worse? You said we'd have weeks. Do we still have weeks?”
“It's just Bruce and me here now. Sciencing in peace. Together. Well, with a thick wall between us, because he doesn't appreciate the subtleties of Death Metal and I hate sitars.”
“Romanov? Talk to me.”
“Bottle,” interjected Steve. “Can't beat glass bottles.”
"Okay JARVIS, you can shut the hell up now, that was quite enough." Tony wasn't in the mood to put up with this. He pushed the goggles up onto his forehead and studied the man standing in his workshop from his vantage point near the floor. Steve was looking around at all the half finished projects with awe. His hair had grown out since the trial. His stance was relaxed in a way Tony had not seen before, duffel bag slung over one shoulder, other arm curled around a motorcycle helmet. His white T-shirt stretched around his biceps and his jeans were soft and worn looking. Feeling at a distinct disadvantage, Tony scrambled off his knees.
If only that was the thing he worried about... Steve went to wake up Percival, who truly slept like the dead. Which, good for him, because he and Tony hadn't kept their voices down or anything. It took him several minutes to get the young man up and alert enough to trust him with keeping the rest of the watch till dawn. By the time he'd managed that, Tony was in his bedroll next to Steve's. He slid under his blanket too and tried to calm the turmoil in his mind. Tony had his back turned to him, so there was nothing there in his body language that gave Steve any kind of clue if what had just happened between them had happened only in his own mind or not. What the hell was he doing?
"Fair enough, " Steve nodded unhappily. "I guess we can take a break for the holidays, huh?" He managed a wry smile.
“I’m not being delicate, you ass. That was an Unforgivable.”
Steve winced. Then sighed. "I did. I'm sorry I did. I lost my temper." His face was uncertain, as if he was debating whether to go on or not. He looked down at Tony. "Do you know why?" Tony shook his head mutely. "Because I was already feeling very.... unprofessional about you, and you scared the shit out of me." He looked as if it pained him to say it. It probably did, the man had his own perfectionist streak a mile wide, even without Howard's help. Tony snorted, couldn't help it. God, they truly were a match made in heaven.
"No. You fly us home."
just be resting bitch face and not specifically caused by Tony. For a change. He hit the intercom.
“Maybe next time. This visit is for Grail purposes only.”
“Science waits for no man.”
Tony gave him an unimpressed look. “You get one guess, Barton.”
"Isn't it a relief I will still be attracted to you when you're gray?"
"They were unarmed," Steve said angrily. “Killing unarmed men is not heroic. You should have captured them to face a fair trial.”
"Yes."
Tony made pleased noises around his mouth full of exceptional cookie. Then he made a Maria and another Hawkeye while he waited for his custom order. He hated having incomplete sets.
“Tony, be serious,” Steve admonished, a little feebly.
He was back just after noon with another witch.
“God forbid. That’d make me a heartless monster.”
“The only downside of casseroles,” he mutters, “They're a fucking pain to clean up.”
"Looks like the Old Religion is spitting mad about that newfangled shit," Tony yelled at Steve over the howls of the monster.
"Aw, come on, Tony. It could be worse. I could hold you up with my arm around your waist." Steve waggled his eyebrows at Tony and Tony was rendered speechless for a moment. Where was the dour Capsicle they all knew and loved? Who was this impostor that called him by his first name and smiled and cracked jokes? With innuendo, for crying out loud!
“No, Steve, I mean it. Don't talk. This is a special moment between us and we need to savor it.”
Right. Steve was covered in serpent guts and soaked in sweat and seawater. He stepped back awkwardly.
“He is? I thought lasagna nights were strictly no guests nights,” said Clint, because he couldn’t not be an asshole.
Steve flicked his eyes away and cleared his throat. Tugging the ends of the scarf in place he said: "Right. Okay. Let's get this tree home then, shall we?"
"Hard to say, Sir. I estimate sometime between 800 and 1200 AD. Give or take a century or two."
"Not much I can do here. If my bomb landed on the beach it would hurt them and it would not do much good in the water." He made a tired looking shooing motion at Steve. "Go get them, Tiger."
“Do you see Howard when you look at me?” Tony cut over him, almost stumbling over his words. Like if he didn't get them out fast, he wouldn't get them out at all.
? What the fuck, Steve? What? I’m not good enough for you? You don’t ‘
. Tony grimaced.
when I am awake. Which is why I phrased it that way. I haven't seen
“Of course they're not related.” Fury's eye was fucking twinkling. “Didn't I mention it was a Couples' Cruise? Del and Corbin are husbands. Married three months ago after a whirlwind romance. They are newlyweds going on their honeymoon. Now, off you go.” He made a shooing motion with his hand.
What?
"JARVIS, lift the face plate."
“Well, that was certainly efficient,” Stark said with a little smirk, “Let's go check out the balcony.” Once they'd gone outside, he carefully closed the door behind them.
“Your roommates? I haven’t even met them.”
And now he's home from school and there's a trailer in his driveway. Steve gets out of his mom's car and studies the flotsam and jetsam around the trailer. A rusty bicycle leans against what looks like an old kiddie pool. Off to the side sits a rickety camping chair, a folding table, a dolly, several trash bins, and a pile of hoses. The clothes line stretching from the trailer to Steve's fence has a grimy towel and a plaid shirt thrown over it. There is no owner in sight and Steve wonders if he should call the local police department. Surely there are zoning laws that forbid people to just set up trailers in the suburbs. Not that he wants to be the guy who kicks out some poor vagabond or migrant worker, but come on, the thing is practically in his driveway. Steve wonders if he actually remembered to lock his sliding doors this morning. He hopes he did.
Tony was about to lift his bottle in salute to this fine bit of entertainment, but the "Cheers!" died on his tongue.
“Preliminary specs only.” Pepper smiled at him sweetly. “Now that you're back, I'm sure you'll be able to get your grubby little hands all over them soon.” Tony didn't trust that smile.
Steve flicked his wand silently and Tony was holding a red and gold beauty of an apple with little drops of condensation rolling down its side. Tony bit into it with relish and leaned back against the workbench.
She studied his face. "You care for him."
screwed."
Steve's head shot up. “Stark. Hi. Um. My security code still worked? So I hoped I was still welcome?” He had the grace to look a little embarrassed.
The thing flickered again and hissed disdainfully. "Loki! He is a child! The god of mischief. Pshaw. What is mischief but child's play?"
Steve shook his head too. "It doesn't sound familiar at all." Well, it would have been too good to be true if Steve would have known somebody who kept a spare one.
"Exactly." Steve's smile was a little less wobbly. "I lit some candles for people that are gone and I sat and listened to the music and just allowed myself to miss them." He gave a little huff. "I lit one for your dad... It's weird, Tony. You're so different, yet so alike. Lately I miss him the least, because you are more than filling the hole he left and I think we're closer than he and I ever were. But then I feel like I am betraying his memory by replacing him with you. I feel that way about so many people."
"Sorry." He looked it too.
Tony's eyes flew back to Cap's face. Nothing. He could see nothing. He cupped his right hand along Cap's jaw and turned his head back towards his own. There was no resistance to the motion. The skin felt cold, but was it dead-cold or just cold-cold? He brought his face closer. Had that been some random spasm of the heart muscle?
"I told you
On the bad nights, he'd toss and turn on his bunk and torture himself with an exquisite combination of memories and the certainty that Tony didn't care about him anymore. On those nights it seemed impossible to even imagine Tony would care, or could ever have cared for him. Even if Steve hadn't lied to him for five days straight, the man had everything: popularity, intellect, money, looks and the Avengers. The fuck could he ever want from Steve besides a roll in the hay?
"And perhaps you could have judged him less harshly in public."
"Not for what
"You have a visitor, sir" JARVIS announced as he lowered the volume on
"Alright," Steve nodded. "Should I dye my hair black, like Clark?"
There was a pause before Steve said:
“I kid you not! The demon is 30 feet tall if he is an inch and he is red like blood with icy fire shooting from his hands and feet. He flies in over unsuspecting, God-fearing villages and burns them to the ground. They say he eats unbaptized babies for breakfast! And he takes all their witches to his Castle of Sin where they worship the devil. You can see the green fires of hell dancing on the battlements at night.”
“Well, that’s just not fair,” said Tony without any heat. His skin was pale and clammy.
And then Steve turned his head and smiled at him. Their eyes locked and Tony’s stomach did a backflip.
"He was. For weeks. Very angry. With everyone. When he stopped being angry, he sent you his lawyers. Since then he's mostly been missing you. Why didn't you go see him after the trial?"
In the morning, Elayne had found a broom somewhere and was busy sweeping out her room. She looked like she was planning to do the entire castle to firmly keep her mind off other stuff, so Tony thought it'd be wise to make himself scarce and do some more recon.
“What?!” said Clint. “It’s not my turn to cook! I can’t make salad.”
He's too restless to read, now, and doesn't know what to do, but in the end he grabs his sketchbook. He doodles for a bit, just random curves and lines, until he finds himself sketching Tony with tiny screwdrivers sticking out of his mouth and little furrows between his brows as he stares into the innards of Steve's mom's TV. It's actually not a bad drawing. It'd be better if he could put more detail in the eyes, though, he'd have to do a close up. He remembers the smile earlier this evening in his kitchen and wonders, but he doesn't believe he could capture that.
They camped on top of a small tor which provided them a good view of the surroundings. Steve had second watch and positioned himself with the camp fire at his back so as not to spoil his night vision. He stared at the undulating landscape, oppressive in its blackness, with the fingernail moon hiding behind the clouds and not a light in sight. No orange glow from cities over the horizon, no cars with headlights, no streetlights. His sense of displacement often hit hardest on nights like this when there was nothing else to distract him. In the light of day, he could not escape the fact either that he was currently living in the Middle Ages, but at least there was little room for agonizing when he was hunting boar or doing sword drills or any of the other tasks that were required of the knights. As often as he told himself that he'd essentially done this time travel thing before, so he should be used to it, it didn't help with reconciling himself to the situation. He had just started to understand the difference between Apple and Android, and now he was having to learn to keep a calendar by memorizing saints' names. As a result he wasn't quite sure how long he'd been here, but it had been more than a year, judging by the passing of the seasons.
“Sure. We’ll finish the dishes in here and then we’ll check on him.”
“Oooh, let's go see the Rockettes! I want to see the Rockettes!” exclaimed Steve. Tony couldn't tell if he was serious or not. He decided not.
the staple gun, of course. The staples carry their own power source and once they hit someone they set up a neat little closed circuit and taser the fuck out of them for about five minutes. By which time most people should be reduced to blubbering wrecks. These guys might be a bit more resilient, but that is what we have your arrows for, right?"
“What? What is that face?”
"Take off your pants." Tony's gaze never left Steve's face and he wouldn't move his head, so Steve worried blindly at his button, his fingers trembling and clumsy. It seemed to take an eternity for the button slip through the hole, but the zipper was easier. Tony batted his hands away and started to ease the pants down Steve's hips.
"Okay. Fine. Please go take a hot shower. Or use the sauna in the poolhouse. Anything to warm you up besides your righteous wrath. My teeth are chattering just from looking at you. And your outfit offends my eyes."
“I do. Hang on a moment, okay?”
“I feel like I am teetering on the edge of a cliff, to be honest.” Or falling through the floor.
"I love you too," Steve said.
_________________________________________________
"That is enough, Captain." Redditch was looking pinched now. "Board the chopper. You will be debriefed later." He paused and stared over Steve's shoulder.
“You don't have a grace period, Rogers! Who knows who else besides Hydra is on this fucking boat? If our guys found out, maybe Al Qaeda and Interpol did too. You can't be seen to be anyone but Mademoiselle Del or they'll fucking know we're on to them and then we might as well paint a big red target on your fine ass. And
Clint and Natasha had left for Budapest a couple of days after that and Tony hadn’t managed to cross paths with Thor and Jane since. For all he knew they had not left the bedroom at all. He didn’t share a wall with Thor, who had the best room with the south facing windows on the other side of the house, or he would have blasted James Brown’s Sex Machine for a couple of hours, just because it was completely unfair for one man to be getting that much sex, while Tony didn’t.
Steve pulled in a deep breath and let it out. Then he shoved a foot in a boot and started aggressively lacing it up.
Tony isn't looking at him, still absorbed in the TV.
“Okay. Fine with me.” Phil turned to go, then paused.
“Tony?” Steve was tentatively reaching for his face plate.
As he stumbled down the stairs to the front door, he wondered for the hundredth time why he hadn’t put in an automatic door opener yet, not relishing the blast of cold, wet air he would have to face when opening it. He’d only just started to feel warm again after biking home from the faculty.
“Sounds like standard procedure to me. My superiors sure don't sit me down and discuss their information with me,” Steve said, “It'd be nice if they did, I'll give you that.”
And quiet it would be, apparently. He took in the table set for lunch with dismay. There was professor McGonagall at the head of the table and a smattering of children who were third year students at the most. No upperclassmen at all. The door fell shut behind him with a lonely thud. McGonagall frowned at him in her usual way.
“Let’s go home and eat and sleep and shower and I am sure by that time we can convince him to stall for a couple of months.”
Steve’s wand shot up and before he could think about the fact that he didn’t know any comb to feather spells, he fired off a blast of magic that did just that right before the comb would have hit him in the forehead. Tony had good aim. He looked on in astonishment as a brown feather harmlessly drifted down before his eyes.
Tony made to sit down, but Rhodes held up his hand. He scribbled something on a piece of paper and beckoned Tony over.
“I know. I’m sorry.”
It was a domestic little scene he was walking into, with Bors yelling and pointing at Percival and being generally disgusted by everything, even more so than usual, and Steve holding Percival back by the arms. A black boat was floating strangely still in the water behind them, where it should have been bobbing up and down in the surf. A stunning girl with long black hair was standing in the prow, holding her hands out, presumably at Percival. Ah, temptation had come for the man again. Of the female kind, rather than the equine this time.
After dinner, they sat together on the couch and watched Armageddon, while Tony finally got some work done on his tablet and Steve doodled in his sketchbook, not in least bothered by the ridiculous number of explosions on the screen.
Instead, Steve grabbed him by the back of the head and pulled him in. Tony stumbled forward and had to catch himself with his hands on Steve’s chest. Good start.
you think she took part in?"
He finally filled one of the little bowls with his mixture and tied another one on top. He ran back inside with his mask on and checked that the manhole cover was still open. It was. The fucker really didn't have a physical form then. Which meant Tony couldn't kill him, but that was probably too much to ask anyway. As long as he could get Steve out. Meaning, as long as he could wake Steve up. He instructed Bors to hold the chapel door open while standing behind it and then he went back to the vent. He would blow up the entire fucking mountain if he had to, but really, in order not to bury Steve and Percival under rocks it really would be preferable by far if this worked like he'd planned. He eyed the vent hole and calculated the best place to wedge the bowl. There were way too many estimated variables in his calculations for him to be happy with them, but there was no way to help that. He gathered some dead grass to help along his makeshift fuse and then, with a little prayer, he lit it with his flint and ran for cover.
He instantly regretted his words as the door swung open. The inside of the church was colder than the grave, which was appropriate, he supposed, and it reeked of dead people. Again. Appropriate. The sense of menace in the air also increased a thousand fold. He swiftly turned his involuntary step back into a sweeping bow, while holding the door open for Steve and Percival. Steve had had his mouth open to argue, but he closed it abruptly when faced with the open door. A grim look settled on his face and he nodded to Percival as he strode inside. Percival looked pale in the dying light and his stride was decidedly less purposeful, but he followed all the same. Tony slid inside last.
“To be specific,” J.A.R.V.I.S. piped up, “Sir said he would electrocute the next person who so much as dared to breathe in his general vicinity. I deemed announcing your presence to be potentially detrimental to your health, Captain Rogers.”
"Cookies and milk?" he offered the silent man. "Or hot chocolate?"
"Don't cut too deep," warned Tony, "I just need the charcoal, not the actual wood."
“I found him lying in the alley we first saw them in,” Steve said with a worried look on his face.
“You're killing me with the mixed signals, here, dude,” he groused.
He felt Tony's skeptical look more than he could see it, so he barreled on. “Yeah, yeah, I know that's not what I said when we first met. Mea culpa, mea maxima culpa. I am a cranky old codger if you wake me up from a 70 year long nap, okay.” Not wanting to hear Tony's response, he let him go and nodded at the corpse like armor. “Do you need another moment, or can we start planning how to get you home before the arc reactor gives out completely?”
“Did you say romance?” she inquired sharply. Clint grinned and crossed his arms, leaning back into the couch.
," Steve countered with an exaggerated French accent, "
"Clint is a dick."
A little flashback of finding Bucky strapped down on a Hydra operating table made his stomach clench. He knew Hydra wanted Corbin to do the experimenting, not
“You are looking very well this year, Mr Stark,” would be the inevitable follow up and Tony would smile and nod and retort just a little too sharply.  Steve watched in silent astonishment as the boy he’d come to know over the past weeks withdrew within a suit of invisible armor. Dozens and dozens of witches and wizards remarked on Tony’s appearance, emphasizing the quality of it this year. So many that Steve started to wonder. This year as opposed to last year? What had happened- Oh!
“Jesus fuck, Steve. Are you even- “ In a mild panic, Tony replayed the night on fast forward. What if Steve wasn’t clean? What had they done? They’d used a condom for the fucking and Tony hadn’t-  He hadn’t, because Steve had stopped him before he could suck his dick.
"Damn it," Tony spat, "Must have been that bored looking shop girl. Any other pictures, JARVIS? Ice cream place? The electronics store? Anything in our Del and Corbin get up?" JARVIS was silent for a few seconds.
Then he hesitated and stuck his head back in.
“What the fuck?!”
“Damn it.” He started pacing again, his gaze on the map. “All we've attracted so far are these piddly, pansy knights who faint when I fart in their general direction.”
"I don't know," he murmured.
"Not much we can do till then. We might as well go and conquer that Rumba, Captain And Tenille. Nothing like a little 'making
isn't over yet!" yelled Clint.
Once Thor was done, the three kittens wrestled for a bit, but before too long all three of them let out little kitty yawns and a few moments later Steve and Tony had their laps full of cat. Tasha settled on Tony and Clint had chosen Steve, while Thor tried to snuggle in between them. It really was a tiny loveseat, though, so there wasn't any space between the two men. As Tony was more than a little aware.
, that shit worked. So with a bit more firepower...."
He pointedly ignored Natalie on his way out, but he could have sworn he saw a tiny smirk out of the corner of his eye.
"I have map in the work shop," said Tony and he hopped up from the bench. "Come on, let's go!" He had a little trouble dragging both men away from their breakfast. Percival spluttered a little and Tony just didn't understand how he could even think about food at a time like this, but Steve looked at him again and so he didn't mention that.
"He's very persuasive, Sir. And polite."
“That she doesn’t want to be old?”
Tony shot a furtive look at Steve from under his eyelashes. Then he turned back to McGonagall.
"Sir Galahad was wounded in the thigh, Sire, and he is feverish, but he has survived so far and may yet recover with time. The boar is no more." Steve answered. In his peripheral vision he noticed Galahad struggling to sit up.
"You know, Loki sent both of us here. Hoping we'd die. It would really piss him off if we didn't."
started this, now stop it. Stand the fuck down and shake the man's hand, you whacko fanboy." He could see the hesitation in Rhodey. "You're embarrassing him, Rhodes.” he sing-songed. “You're embarrassing Captain America. You're embarrassing
With a huff of relief Steve planted his other arm onto the seat next to Tony’s head and then he shuddered as Tony started working them both in earnest. The feel of Steve’s dick sliding against his own was exquisite. He squeezed his eyes shut and threw his head back and felt Steve’s teeth latch on to his throat, the bite vibrating with Steve’s groans. Tony was so close….
It's a joke, but it's not a joke, because Tony looks ready to run. No, more like ready to kick him in the head and then run.
“Come on, Steve. Don't shut me out again.” Tony wheedled and he tried to pull him back in again, but Steve wouldn't let him. God, he wanted to, he wanted to wrap himself all around the man, but he couldn't trust himself. He silently shook his head.
"Gimme."
"I think this is the best we can do with the inadequate crap we have available," he said as he was showing them off to Steve, "They're pretty much a one shot kind of deal. I've rigged it so that they drain the power packs in one go, which was the only way to get a little oomph. Still, if you hit a guy in the right spot, they should be fairly effective. Too bad we only have two, I should have gotten more toothbrushes."
"I am not afraid to be mortal. I am not afraid to die. I would like to see the kingdom of heaven and sit at my Lord's side."
Laying back on the lounge chair Tony looked everywhere but at Steve, still cutting through the water like he was Michael fucking Phelps. Several women on the other side of the pool were appreciating the show too, but most of the men pretended not to notice their wives' drooling. Although one Middle Eastern looking guy was staring at Steve openly. And then his eyes swerved to Tony. Back and forth. Hidden behind his sunglasses Tony watched him out of the corner of his eyes, suddenly alert. Could he be the contact, or was he more likely to belong with a rival organization? He looked at the guy straight on for a sec, took a picture with the glasses' inbuilt camera and tapped his earpiece.
"I am going to have to put my foot down on the no elephants, Tony."
"You've become part of a bigger universe, Mr Stark. You just don't know it yet...." And with that Fury launched into a spiel about the so called Avengers Initiative, which sounded like something out of Tony's nightmares, full of teamwork and responsibility and accountability and camaraderie. But he kept expecting Steve to jump up and shout "Me! Pick me!" It would be perfect for the man with the overdeveloped need to protect all of humanity from evildoers. But Steve said nothing and Tony politely declined the offer, because he really wasn't a team player and he sure as hell wasn't going to take orders from guys in black leather trench coats. There were special clubs for that kind of thing, where everything was safe, sane and consensual, if he ever felt that need. And maybe he shouldn't have said that last part out loud, but what was done was done and Fury got to make a pissy dramatic exit and Tony thought the man might secretly enjoy that.
The chopper was indeed American Military. And it hadn't been stolen by Hydra or anything like that. Unless they had stolen it with its occupant and that didn't seem very likely. Through the open door Steve had a clear line of sight to said occupant and to say he was unhappy to see Dr Redditch with ear phones on peering at a clipboard in his hands would be a gross understatement. The reality of the situation hit him all at once and Steve was furious. These guys weren't Hydra hellbent on killing Corbin Porter as played by Tony, these guys were here to extract
Tony stepped in closer, his eyes boring into Steve’s. Once again, the world fell away until there was Tony, and only Tony. Standing so very, very close and feeling so warm under his hands. So right.
And later, once he’d fallen back to earth and the Hulk had roared him back to life, he’d stared up at the sky and wondered how he had gotten so fucking lucky. Again. He tried to sound flippant when Steve moved into his line of sight, but it sounded a little shaky, even to his own ears.
Tony refrained from rolling his eyes. Barely. "You're not getting it. These people would find
He mouthed along Tony's shoulder. "Exactly. Which means..."
"Are you fucking kidding me?! One hand! You're holding me up with
It had been raining for days. Not the soft, happy April-showers-bring-May-flowers type of rain, but a cold, nasty, near horizontal rain that stung his face when Tony biked to the faculty building and that managed to drench him despite the raincoat and rainpants he wore. He had taken to keeping a dry pair of shoes and socks at work, in order not to be miserable all day. The damp smell of wet clothes permeated the building and the hot drink vending machines ran out of “soup” on Tuesday. Thank god Tony had his own coffee maker in the lab and his own supply of cup-a-soup.
“Jarvis! Pepper! Happy!” Tony greeted them, still jubilant. He quickly did the introductions and then proceeded to update Jarvis on the need to finetune the power sequencing in the repulsor technology, to which Jarvis nodded gravely.
Steve watches him leave. He feels a little used. A little dazed. But most of all he feels an aching chasm of confusion, trepidation and bewilderment. What the
something. He'd understood the need to run tests when he'd first woken up, he really did, but it was now more than a year later and it was still test after test after damned test and no action whatsoever. So he thought it was at least understandable if he had gotten a little carried away.
"Tony..." Steve began, but Tony never got to hear the end of that sentence because all of a sudden Bors and Percival started yelling at the other side of the boat.
"Oh relax, brother," laughed Gawaine, "no one is questioning
That seemed like an excellent system for manipulating gullible masses, Steve thought. Of which there were plenty in this day and age, too.
“You’re the worst boyfriend, dude. I don’t know what she sees in you. She is way too smart for you.”
“Oh my fucking god, it is the USO tours all over again! Are all bureaucrats the same? Do they all look at those blue eyes and charming smile and go ‘cha-ching!’? Tell your director that if he doesn’t find Steve something to fight for, he is inevitably going to lose his dancing monkey. You can tell him Stark is willing to bet a hundred bucks on it.”
“No. I guess it doesn’t come down to an extra few hours.” The apprehension was written all over his face. “Or days…”
Steve stopped dead in his tracks. A castle called Aaargh and a demon called
“Yes. Sure,” Tony answered reflexively. Then wanted to kick himself, because honestly, he wasn’t sure about that at all.
He removed an icicle from his mustache. Obviously Pepper was still angry. At least she didn't hate him, or else she would have let him pack his own suitcase and he'd be freezing his cojones off here in a speedo and sunglasses. Now he was still freezing his cojones off, but at least he was doing it in a parka packed by Pepper, so, unhappy as said cojones were with the lack of action, the family jewels might actually survive this trip. On the upside, there was no need to find proper refrigeration for his vodka, he had bottles stashed all over the upper deck of this polar expedition ship and they were all properly frozen under the merry light of the midnight sun.
to do something about it in the first place. He usually tried to fix his fuck ups for Pepper, but he couldn't even remember the last time he had done so for Rhodey and it wasn't like Tony didn't disappoint Rhodey on a bi-monthly basis at the very least. What was it about Steve that made Tony want to sit up and beg for affection? Why couldn't he just shrug it off and let it be? It was annoying as hell. If Steve was just as much of a withholding asshole as Howard had been then Tony should want nothing to do with him. Yet here he was wishing like fuck that he was back in his workshop because drowning himself in work was just how he dealt with feeling inadequate, thank you Dr. Freud. But since he had no workshop at hand, the irritation he was feeling had nowhere to go.
Tony snorted. Delicately.
“I am so sorry, Captain. I do apologize for my assumptions. I am afraid that I have spent too much time cleaning up after Mr. Stark to recognize an innocent victim of his schemes.”
Steve can't say it. He can't tell Tony his mother has been dead for years. Because suddenly he sees the house through Tony's eyes, the eyes of a stranger, and he can't explain it. He doesn't know why the house still looks like his mother lives here. It never felt wrong before, but now suddenly it does. It kills his boner with extreme prejudice.
By the time Tony came back to the camp, Steve was fully dressed and eating soup. It tasted weird, kind of bitter, but it was warm and filling, so he didn't particularly care. It was a small miracle Tony had produced something halfway edible in the first place. Steve couldn't even conceive of how antsy the man must have been to be desperate enough to try his hand at cooking. Percival was already asleep and Bors, who'd have first watch again, was seated against a tree a little ways away, fiddling with his knife and a dead branch. He looked ready to keel over. Tony sat down heavily somewhere beside Steve, and Steve didn't like how labored his breathing was from just that little walk from the creek to the camp. He fought the urge to turn around to check on him and kept his gaze on his bowl.
Tony gave him an unimpressed look.
"So, what did it look like?" Steve had switched back to Old English or whatever they were speaking. Such a well mannered and considerate boy.
"For crying out loud, Tony, can we finish a movie for once?" Bruce moaned.
“Come on, it isn’t that hard to see. Short and dark, kind of a douchebag? Weakness for pretty blondes? I’m sure you can see the family resemblance.”
Steve has no words. Tony shouldn't be interested, couldn't possibly be interested after that scene last night. But Tony
gave him a grave look. "Distractions? Or commitment?" Tony felt his hackles rise. He leaned back and crossed his arms too, mimicking Steve. Kenny and Dolly finished their song and there was a smattering of applause, but neither of the men moved a muscle.
"We are flattered, I am sure, but this is our honeymoon. We are not ready to have other people join us in the bedroom. The answer is no." He rubbed little circles on the back of Steve's hand with his thumb, willing him to stay silent. No good could come from Steve speaking right now and as long as he was holding his hand, he might be disinclined to punch the guy. Or Tony. Abdel looked crushed.
“Oh,” stammered Steve, “I don't.... I don't think she's told me her name yet?”
Steve held it out to him silently. His mouth had gone dry the second he had spotted Tony's naked torso next to him, water cascading down the rippling muscles. Now he tried to swallow as Tony rose further out of the water to receive the soap. He couldn't make his throat work. The water surface was so low on Tony's hips that Steve had a front seat view of the magnificent V of his hip bones and his water logged happy trail. A passing eddy dipped the water even lower and for a couple of seconds Steve could see the top his pubic hair. He almost groaned. Of course Tony had decided to skinny dip, the man had no modesty at all.
That did the trick. Steve gave his earlobe one last flick and then finally his mouth covered Tony’s and it felt like coming home. He completely lost himself in the heat of Steve’s mouth, the slide of his tongue against his own, the taste of him and the press of their bodies as they tried to disappear into each other. He lost track of time for a while as he and Steve ever more frantically got reacquainted. Tony finally broke away as he realized they were dry humping each other and he’d end up with a giant cum stain inside his slacks if they didn’t stop right this minute.
“Yeah, sure, but, you know, crippling jet lag. We like to stay in the first couple of days whenever we cruise in Europe.” This got a chorus of agreement and a full 15 minutes of jet lag one-upmanship, complaints about general insomnia and then the discussion veered off into fascinating tales of various aches and ailments all around the table. Tony had not had a minute of jet lag in his life, thanks to his irregular sleeping habits, but he could bullshit with the best of them.
"Yeah, he is a bit of an overachiever if you ask me. A wreath and some Chinese takeout would have sufficed for me, but it is hard to say no to those big blue eyes."
"Fucking hell," said Clint, who had legendary eyesight, "electric zodiac. With.... 12 men in it. Wow. Widow was wrong. That doesn't happen much. You sure they're not some random terrorist organization here to kidnap some other annoying rich dude?"
Tony sat down heavily on a nearby stool as the implications of the situation at hand finally hit him full force.
"She says she's a lawyer for Stark Industries."
about finding the Grail, unless it was attached to Tony. And that seemed highly unlikely if virginity was a requirement. He really wished all this Grail stuff would just go away.
“Which is weird. I like the real Bruce just fine and vice versa. I think so, anyway. Maybe I should check that though. For science.” He shot Steve a menacing look, daring him to suggest that Tony was being needy and Steve raised both hands defensively. Tony stood up and walked over to a mirror that had miraculously escaped unscathed. He called Bruce’s name and a few seconds later the other Ravenclaw appeared and exclaimed at the mess in the workshop. Steve listened in as Tony rapidly explained what happened, but lost interest when the two boys started yammering advanced arithmancy at each other. Jarvis joined them through a portrait next to the mirror and seemed to be taking notes.  Steve wondered if he should just go now. Tony was fine and didn’t need him anymore, after all. His head jerked up, though, when he heard Bruce raise his voice.
“Wasn't you. I can handle you, big guy. It's the reactor, it's fluctuating and it makes me feel cold and shivery and out of breath, like I have a fever coming on. Which I know I don't. Scares the crap out of me.”
“I’m defending my PhD thesis next week.”
"You... what?" Suddenly the anger flared hot.
“Yes.” he said curtly, and made to turn around. Changing his mind halfway through, he turned back. “Last night was a mistake. I should go before I make it worse.”
All of a sudden, Tony pushed back forcefully, disgust on his face. It took Steve a moment to let him go.
"They don't. And the security check prevented us from bringing any obvious ones, so I'll need to get creative. It would look a little weird, not to mention blow our cover, if I showed up for dinner in the Iron Man armor, but I'll be damned if I go in completely defenseless."
"This must be the stupidly brave one," Morgaine cut in.
"You would harbor these fallen-" started Gawaine. Steve quelled him with a look.
"But why?"
“Does it work?”
"Let's stick with Natasha for now. I liked being Natasha, I'd be happy to be Natasha among friends."
“While you’re at it, tell him to stop parading Steve around
In retrospect, he should never had let Steve bring the shield to Monaco. Not that there had been a whole lot of 'letting' going on, truth be told. Because that implied that Tony had had any say at all, and that hadn't been quite how it played out. Basically Steve had mentioned he was going to bring the shield and Tony had made a protesting noise of the inarticulate kind and Steve had said: "It's my shield and I am not leaving it here because you feel the need to go cavorting with the rich and famous for a week in a ridiculous country." And that had been that. Except...
Steve was the first to alight from his horse and Percival was close behind. Tony sighed and followed much slower. He wondered if Steve's super hearing could hear Tony's bones creak, because it sure felt like he should be able to. Fabulous polo player that he was, it had been at least a decade since he had spent more than a few hours on a horse and apparently he wasn't twenty anymore. They tied the horses to the gate and Steve and Percival got their weapons ready. The last thing Tony wanted to do was to go in there and find out what made this place so unnerving.
Then the conversation shifted to the Deeres' excursion to Monaco and the Monte Carlo Casino that day and Tony was jolted back to being at full alert when Hawaiian Shirt asked him: “You didn't do the excursion today? I would have expected you to.” Tony looked at him. Shit. Were they supposed to have gone and met this guy during the excursion? Was this what a Hydra agent on vacation looked like? Were they all phenomenal undercover artists? He quickly glanced at Steve, but Steve seemed to be trying to disappear into the background and he didn't seem to have caught on to the potential implication of the guy's question.
“You know. Stew on that one for a while. Maybe it won't look so bad in the morning once the shock of possibly learning to dance with someone else wears off a bit. And if you still can't do it, we'll fake a last minute sprained ankle or something.” Tony patted his back before he pulled his arm off and pulled out the itinerary again. “Now, how do you feel about karaoke?”
“Tony, I can just go. I don’t need-”
But Tony's gone already. The bedroom door is open, his laundry is gone from the couch. Steve drinks his coffee staring out of the back door over the hills, wondering mildly if he's out there with the goats already or holed up in his trailer.
Steve would have a problem with being rude to women, he probably referred to hookers as 'ladies' too. Tony's job, then, to go stake his claim.
“Absolutely.”
“But that's just it, isn't it?” Steve's voice was tense, heat smoldering in his eyes and Tony had to wrench his mind back from going to inappropriate places. “Now we're back and you've got all this back,” He gestured at everything around them, “and your friends and JARVIS and your fame and your workshop and your....
"It's the suitcase suit. It's like armor-light, it doesn't have the bracelet function. Now, come on!" It was a lot like going to see a surgeon when you only had a sprained ankle. Don't ever consult a surgeon unless you want surgery. Don't ever bring Clint unless you want people with arrows through their throat.
"YOU HAVE DISPLEASED ME. I AM CLAIMING THIS WOMAN AS MY SERVANT AND TAKING HER TO CASTLE AAARGH." Tony made a half turn and aimed a repulsor at the heavy oak doors of the village church. Burning a hole through the one on the right, he proclaimed: "LET IT BE KNOWN FAR AND WIDE THAT I WILL NOT TOLERATE ANY MORE WITCHES TO BE BURNED AT THE STAKE. DEFY ME AND YOU WILL KNOW MY WRATH." With that, he burned a pentagram into the door on the left and took off for his castle, witch and all.
Finally,
Steve arched his back, ready to make a dash for it.
“He doesn’t like fun?”
He only almost slipped up once. It was on day three of Tony-wearing-the-boyfriend-jumper and Steve was getting cabin fever. He was pacing around the workshop alternating with morosely staring out the windows, when he spotted the gaggle of underclassmen running out the back gate for a snow battle. He perked up immediately. That was what he needed, a good snowball fight! Tony and he should captain, because obviously these kids had no sense of strategy. Tony, unsurprisingly, was being a curmudgeon about the whole idea, so Steve dragged him unceremoniously outside. He figured Tony could hex him easily enough if he really didn’t want to go out.
Steve searched for a way to phrase his objection in a way that would convince these men and their piously passive mindsets. Sometimes he really still felt like an alien here.
At least the people in the back were. The ones at the head of the crowd turned out to be hesitating, backing away from something in front of them. Steve craned his neck to see what it was, but he still wasn't close enough. Urging his horse to go even faster, it took him only a few more minutes to reach the back end of the mob. The horse reined in with a squeal, forcing the attention of some of the older men and women at the back of the mob away from the front as they hastily stepped out of the way. Normally Steve would have apologized, but the words died in his mouth as he caught sight of the red and gold outline through the forest of torches, scythes, pitchforks and other sharp farming tools that were in his line of sight. He clambered on top of his horse's saddle to get a better view, cursing the beast for not standing still. He knew it couldn't help being spooked, caught as it was in a frenzied crowd of people, but it was damned inconvenient. And then he forgot to curse too. Because there was Iron Man, prowling like a panther in a cage in front of the crowd. Steve could hear snatches of the infernal music Tony usually played in his workshop over the ruckus of the mob. The blue lighted eyes in the mask scanning the scene in front of him in a way that was so very familiar to Steve. He hadn't even realized how achingly attuned he was to Iron Man's mannerisms until he saw him now, after so long, and he knew, in the depth of his gut, that this was Tony in the armor and no one else. That it couldn't be anyone else. And he was so indescribably happy to see him that he wanted to cry. Instead, he started waving like a maniac to catch Tony's attention.
"You will be discreet, yes? Yamilla, my wife, she is beautiful, yes? And I am very fortunate she agreed to marry me. She is also smart and.... very understanding of my needs... which are quite particular. But to earn her goodwill, I have to also meet her needs, yes? Yamilla, she likes...
"Whoa! Wait a minute. What do you mean you overheard as we were walking down the hall? You were with me the whole time."
Before he'd come to the end of his story, Tony started complaining about the lack of basic upholstery in this fucking era and what it did to his poor backside. They relocated to the bed, sitting side by side with their backs against the wall and finished off what was left of the bottle of wine. Tony waxed poetic about overstuffed recliners and hot showers and indoor plumbing and Steve noticed his eyes were suspiciously moist when he talked about coffee. Then they talked about motorcycles and airplanes and newspapers and phones and baseball (Steve) and electricity (Tony) and cinnamon buns and curry.
“You...” he whispers. It's the only option that isn't going to freeze him in his tracks.
His disdain couldn't be clearer and Steve should really walk away now because the guy is obviously a dick and Steve owes him nothing. Except that he still feels guilty for expecting him to be an immigrant with minimal English skills.
Nevermind what? Tony wasn't
He nodded appreciatively, then pointed at one with with a pointy thing on his hand and a red smudge where his nose should be.
he been fucking?
Maybe the hardest thing about this era, Tony thought, and there were many, many things that clamored to be on top of that list, maybe the hardest thing to adjust to was how everything you wanted to do seemed to take a million years. If you wanted food, you had to cook it from scratch, complete with peeling vegetables and all that shit. If you wanted to talk to somebody, you had to actually go find that person, and often you wouldn't even know where they were. And if you wanted to go to the other side of the country, a mere few hundred miles, it would take fucking weeks to get there. Tony had known he wasn't a particularly patient man, he had that much self awareness thankyouverymuch, but there were times he felt like impatience might actually be the death of him. If the failing arc reactor didn't kill him first and the two were definitely related.
“So, tell us, Captain. Do you have a special lady in your life?” The woman’s voice was both loud and coy. “I am sure plenty of them are interested, ha ha.” Tony shut off the equipment and lifted his mask as he turned around. Coulson was sitting on his couch watching the big screen tv over the fireplace. Some stupid morning show. The camera panned from the lady with helmet hair to a relaxed looking Steve, who was saying something about finding his footing in his new life before he’d consider dating. Tony barely registered what he was saying, too busy drinking in the sight of Steve. The blue eyes, the laugh lines, the impressive physique and omigod, were those pleated khakis? Didn’t SHIELD know you couldn’t let the man shop for himself because he would inevitably come home with old man pants? He tore his eyes away.
"What's ridiculous about it?"
"Yeah, probably. And then he said 'good' and then Thor congratulated me on our joyous union and clapped me on the shoulder so hard he almost smashed my face into the table and Clint said 'thank god someone is going to be fucking Stark, he needs to get laid, thanks for taking one for the team' and -"
"Blushed?"
“Finished it. It’s off to the committee. Defense is in October.”
Someone must have alerted Tony to Steve’s indecorously rapid approach, because Tony whirled around right before Steve got there. His grin was blinding. Steve couldn’t help himself. He grabbed Tony by the hips and pulled him closer. Then he couldn’t seem to let go. Tony’s grin wobbled.
He was about to pop a vein, when Rhodey put a hand on his shoulder and leaned over and hissed in ear.
Tony looks a little taken aback, but then he blinks and asks: “When is she coming home?”
"Yeah, that seems unlikely. Alright. Well, it will make for a more relaxed dinner, I suppose." Steve started walking again. Tony yanked him back.
“All this is tradition, Steve. From the beginning to the end of the evening, and up and down the guest list, it’s the culmination of centuries of the Stark family hosting the Solstice ceremony for the creme de la creme of magical Britain. Besides the Summer Solstice, Beltane and All Hallow's, it is one of the four Great Gatherings and hosting it is a privilege that I'd rather die than willingly give up. Except that I'd be giving it up anyway if I were dead, because- Actually, maybe ghosts can host it, too, I haven't ever checked on that. Doubt they would let me, though, I'm sure the Stanes would immediately step in and claim the honor. Anyway. This is the first time I’ve invited a special guest, I can’t have you just mill about with that innocent look on your face. They’d eat you alive.”
“And, if anyone asks, that’s the only reason I lowered my standards to bunking in Gryffindor tower.”
"Can we skip the part where you say a whole bunch of words that add up to nothing?"
, at least a dozen times, but he doesn't. Because it isn't rational. And he's damned if he is going to have a panic attack over a broken TV, or a toolbox, or... or whatever. He does a lot of breathing.
In retrospect, Tony could think of roughly four billion people on the planet who would have been better qualified to bring Steve Rogers into the twenty first century. Give or take a billion. Unfortunately for Steve, Tony was who he got. The problem was that Tony was used to going off on tangents, he had his best ideas that way, but it didn't make a very good method of teaching history. He went from WWII to Vietnam to Woodstock to Watergate to All The President's Men to Marilyn Monroe to the Kennedy assassination to Reagan to Iran Contra to Al Qaida to TSA to bird flu and swine flu and AIDS and vaccinations and Disneyland and Martin Luther King and DADT and the internet and school shootings and the end result was that Steve got completely confused and overwhelmed. Eventually Tony gave up trying to start over to fix it. Then he just ordered pizza and collapsed on the couch next to Steve.
The kitchen was deserted when they came home and Tony was secretly glad. He grabbed a few beers from the fridge and a bag of chips, while Steve went to wash his hands. Then they settled on the loveseat to silently watch Thor devour his first meal of proper cat food. Clint and Tasha came to check it out too, but Thor wasn't in the mood to share. There was some batting back and forth. Clint and Tasha had already eaten earlier that evening, though, so there wasn't much menace behind it. The desk lamp was the only light Tony had turned on and the shadows the cats threw on the opposite wall moved like strangely awkward panthers.
"Tonight. At the masked ball." Tony sounded a little tense. "Which means you should let me get on with this."
Steve's nails bite into the palms of his hands, furious at having lost the opportunity to do this himself, at missing his chance to unwrap the man before him more slowly, to maybe run his hands under the towel relying on his sense of touch, before peeling the towel off, possibly with his teeth. Not that he would have had the guts and that thought frustrates him and shames him, because he wants to have the guts. It's even stronger than yesterday, this need to be able to show Tony that he wants him. But there is this fucking wall between what he needs and wants and his ability to act on it.
"Right," said Steve. He sheathed his sword and stepped closer to the crypt, raising his shield as if he were about to smash the tomb stone.
"I think moving on always feels like betrayal on some level. Everybody who grieves feels that way at some point, Steve. It's actually a good sign, I think. A sign that you are, in fact, letting go and starting anew. It's a good time of year for that."
"Nah, I don't think I will. I did that for days and it doesn't seem to do any good. Care to tell me why I suddenly feel like I have leprosy? Did I rescue you wrong? Too fancy? Too late? Too early? You certainly looked like you were having a good time."
Natasha took him to a phone shop after they'd eaten and made him buy one of those pocket phones.
"I was killing my mother," he whispered after a bit. "Over and over again, in different ways."
going to do?”
"I can, but it'll leave Steve exposed for longer than would be advisable." Tony's voice sounded more contained when speaking in the armor. Like he was talking into a tin can. Which he kind of was.
“Heh. You can try.” Then Tony's face turned serious again. It was hard work, keeping up with his mercurial moods. “Aunt Peggy tried. She took Howard to town on several occasions that I remember. It didn't help much, he'd be marginally better for a while and then we'd be back to normal. She just wasn't around often enough to make all that much of a difference.”
“Yes, I’m clean. Fas as I know. It’s not like I’ve been tested recently, but that’s the one educational video the army has updated. How to not get AIDS in a fucking whore house. Everything else is still stuck in the fifties. How to brush your teeth. How to wipe your ass. So I make sure the first thing I buy after a job is a new condom to use with the next guy.”
"I'm not stoic, I emote all the time."
So it made absolutely zero sense that he was smelling fresh baked cookies down in the workshop. Gingerbread cookies, if he was not mistaken. Clint had mentioned his baking plans earlier this morning, but one did not hallucinate smelling cookies. Did one?
God, it was fantastic. Tony would have happily spent the rest of the night doing just this, but the longer they kissed, the more his dick started clamoring for attention. If they kept this up, he’d be coming in his jeans in no time and that was really not how he wanted this to end. He started tugging up on Steve’s shirt and slid his hands under. That was the moment Steve pulled his mouth from Tony’s and leaned his forehead against his.
By the time he reached the castle, the sun was starting to set and the light had that rosy quality that made the building look like something out of a fairy tale. Birds were singing and the river nearby splashed prettily over the rocks. It came as quite a shock to the system to enter the courtyard and see Gawaine and Lancelot stand over a pile of beheaded corpses in black armor. Gawaine was still in the process of severing the head of one last body. Steve looked around for Percival and Bors and spotted them standing on the other side of the yard with their arms full of black hilted swords. Several ladies and young children were standing on the top of the stairs to the main entrance.
Steve said nothing, but Tony could feel the tension emanating from him from several feet away.
Steve laid back down and removed Tony's come streaked shirt. Then he wrapped himself around Tony in the way that made Tony feel mushy in ways he didn't want to admit yet. Steve mumbled something into his hair.
Tony's tactic of waving a great big flag with 'I am here! Come find me!' on it, and counting on the word to spread and reach Steve, seemed particularly suited to a one man search party that just couldn't cover the entire country by himself. Of course, the 'lookit me!' approach was eminently suited to Tony's personality, so maybe that just had been his default strategy. Whichever it was, it had worked and Steve was going to go on the assumption that it was just Tony. Now he just had to figure out where the man's home base was. Tony hadn't thoughtfully provided him with a map, but given the scarcity of parchment, it wasn't very surprising. Steve would have to go by word of mouth. It wasn't like people wouldn't recall seeing a red and gold flying demon.
Tony couldn’t help but flick his eyes to Steve’s jaw. The man had already shaved this morning. It looked very kissable, but he wasn’t stupid enough to act on that.
Tony wanted, so badly
"If you love someone, you've got to set them free, hon."
“I did not
There was a hesitation before his AI spoke and that was so unusual that Tony felt a sudden wave of apprehension.
"I've missed you so much, you jackass," said Tony, dropping his head back onto Steve's shoulder, while Steve's mouth started tracing a hot trail up his neck.
"Well. I feel like complete and utter crap." His voice was barely a whisper. "I take it I am not dead then."
“And, by the way, which one of you fucktards introduced him to the Edward Cullen School of Creepy Romance? Barton?”
“You're losing your touch, Cap.” Tony's voice was muffled by his face being pressed into Steve's neck. “That was way too close and it took for-fucking-ever! Way to make me feel useless, you asshole.”
“Jesus, Tony…” Steve’s voice broke and Tony knew how he felt, because he felt the same. This was… them together. It was overwhelming. He curled up a bit more and bit Steve’s shoulder, a bit harder than he meant to. Steve cursed and lifted his arm again and closed his hand around Tony’s fist, kicking up the pressure and the tempo. Tony fell back on the seat with a gasp and the next moment Steve’s mouth was on his and Tony came so hard his vision blurred. Steve followed about three strokes later, just when things were starting to get painful for Tony’s oversensitive dick, and then he collapsed on top of Tony and Tony had to fight for breath. He shoved Steve over towards the seat back, which barely left any space for himself, but Steve had his arms securely wrapped around him, so he wasn’t going anywhere while he closed his eyes and slowly came back to earth.
Steve looks up at him, failing to fight down a smile.
interested.
"We'll have to go back to court to get your shield, Captain Rogers," said Ms Elisa Williams, "We can make a solid case for it being your personal asset and not military issue, and I have confidence we can win it back for you. They are just a little butt hurt right now about being forced to acknowledge that they can't extend your contract past retirement age without your consent. And that they owe you roughly 40 years of back pay, with interest." She smiled like a shark and Steve felt a muted sense of gratitude for her efforts in that regard. It was nice not to have to worry about money, it really was, but...
asked Tony, his face full of mock concern.
Tony shoved his hands in his pockets and grinned at him.
The hallway was empty, what with everyone crowded into the press room and his footsteps echoed down the long, grey corridor. Happy was waiting by the car, thankfully. He threw himself into the backseat and closed the screen. It would have been nice to have been able to say goodbye to Steve, it really would have been, but it was better this way. Tony would have been too tempted to kiss him, audience be damned, and Steve didn’t deserve that kind of emotional mess. Clean breaks were the way to go.
"I dunno, Nat." Clint spoke up and nothing good had ever come of that. "It sounds to me like they are breaking up."
"All of it." Steve stared morosely at his plate. "I don't feel ready for any of that. It's like... WWII was yesterday for me. I saw Peggy day before yesterday. I am barely here and I know nothing about this world. I need some time. Before I need to do anything. Time to figure out what's what." He looked at Tony beseechingly with those big blue eyes and Tony tried not to crumple like a wet tissue and start patting his hand and say ‘there, there’.
“How do you
The reassembled Iron Man armor was laid out on the table and Tony was standing next to it. Sunlight slanted in through the window and made dust particles dance around the two of them. The expression on Tony's face made the scene eerily reminiscent of a wake, the only thing missing being the coffin. After a moment, Steve realized that a wake was exactly what it was. He made his way over silently and stood in parade rest shoulder to shoulder with Tony. The silence stretched for a while.
"Sorry about that," he whispered to him, "But I told you I wasn't in the mood for fucktards. Can we go drink our desserts now?" They almost ran into a waiter, but Steve swept them both to the side as if Tony was one of those life size cardboard cutouts and that was just a little bit hot, to be manhandled like that. Steve dropped his arm, but before Tony could protest, Steve turned him around so that he was facing him and placed his hands on Tony's shoulders.
Tony was lying on his back on the bed and wondered if the room could be spinning more because the bed was round. He was quite sure it was possible but his alcohol soaked brain refused to come up with the appropriate centrifugal force equations. It was Steve's fault for dumping him on the bed after he rolled off the couch for the second time. Not that this bed was inspiring any confidence in him that he'd be able to stay on it, the way it was spinning. Steve wasn't in the bed, Tony could see him still on the couch, his face illuminated by Tony's tablet. Still perusing old
Steve is really starting to get into the game (it's been ages since he's seen Bumgarner pitch and it's even better than he remembered) when Tony's voice cuts through it.
"There's hope for you yet, Bruce. You can be my honorary girlfriend on the team." Natasha's voice betrayed one of her rare smiles.
“She's fine. Well, maybe not fine, per se. Not as bad as she was after she dumped me for breaking my promise by unretiring and breaking her heart in the process, though. That was six months ago, she's probably alright by now.” Better than Tony, anyway. He was also better than he had been, but he wouldn't call himself fine yet. Comfortably numb, maybe. Which was a whole lot better than hurting like hell.
Tony interrupted her with the first thing that popped into his head. “I am French.” JARVIS translated that with something that sounded like 'Frankish'. Must be the temporal equivalent. She nodded sagely as if that explained so much. Tony repressed a smile. Franks or French, things hadn't changed much, apparently, and they weren't that much more popular than Vikings. “The armor is Frankish, too.” He added on a whim. She nodded again. She obviously did not recognize what Tony and JARVIS were speaking as anything other than what passed for Frankish. William the Conqueror had not made it over then, yet. Which put his current place in time at before 1066 AD, anyway. Not that that knowledge did him any good, but imprecise numbers gave Tony the creeps and any success in hemming them in felt like a triumph. It was a good thing she didn't know any French, actually, because Tony's knowledge stretched to 'oui', 'non', 'merci' and 'Voulez vous coucher avec moi?' and even those were hundreds of years out of date.
Steve looked at Clint and then Tony. "Too many. This could turn into a blood bath with a lot of civilian victims, Tony. I think we should get out of here with Hawkeye."
Steve breathed a sigh of relief when only a few stragglers remained and then they were leaving too. He turned to pick Tony up. As he was struggling with the armor's considerable weight, the castle gates opened and a woman stuck out her head and arm and beckoned them closer. Steve looked over at his companion. Percival was having a hard time holding on to the panicked horses, a little wide eyed himself and shaking his head.
It was late afternoon when he crested a hill and could see another sea at the horizon. They had crossed the Isle of Man more or less diagonally, it appeared. In the distance he could see a small village and right off the coast was a small island, with a castle on it. That had to be it. Please, God, it
" What the fuck, J.A.R.V.I.S.?"
In retrospect, Coulson shouldn’t have had a remote control in the first place. Tony didn’t even know he owned one, JARVIS was a hell of a lot more adept at finding him the channels he wanted to watch than that ante-diluvian piece of equipment. He wouldn’t put it past Coulson to have brought in his own, though. Half of the time Tony forgot that Coulson was even there, keeping an eye on him and reporting back to Fury on his progress, the other half of the time he was unpleasantly reminded. He’d suddenly see him in the corner of his eye, watching Tony like a silent spectre. Or a vulture on a wire. Or there’d be a sudden comment from behind Tony, that usually boiled down to a disapproving ‘what do you think you’re doing, young man?’ It was not even half as pleasant as living with Steve, that was for sure.
"They were evil men," Gawaine bit back, "We meted out justice. The task was to vanquish them. Lancelot and I vanquished all of them. The task is done.
"Dammit, " said Tony, "I was hoping that was a rule he made up especially for me, so I could ignore it."
"Jesus fuck, Stark, I thought I'd find you desperate to get out of this freak show, but I see you managed to find some entertainment."
“You in the closet, Steve?” Tony doesn't move that Steve can see, still, his presence feels closer. Steve shakes his head again. He's not. It's not a secret, but it's not something he has talked about in years. It hasn't been relevant.
He took a deep breath. "Okay, JARVIS, translate."
is selling," shouted Bors. "Just because she tells you things, that doesn't make them true."
"So much so that you didn't even tell me
of their interaction, of all things. As he was searching for something, anything, to say, Thor had apparently decided that they were moving around too much and wiggled out of his sleeping spot on their thighs. He started butting his head against their clasped hands, demanding to be petted. Abruptly, the tension seeped out of Steve’s hand and as he let go, both of them started to scritch the tiny body. Thor let out a happy little sigh and flopped back down, this time mostly on Steve’s thigh.
He spent the rest of the hours before their late dinner seating transforming the toothbrushes into low tech, low power tasers.
“No problem. Take care of yourself, okay?”
"What the hell were you thinking, Steve?!" he yelled for good measure, "You don't go battle monsters in... Oh my god, are those chaps?
"Comfort," came the answer finally.
“Sir would be very happy if you shut up now, JARVIS,” Tony retorted.
"Not today. We can fuck on the couch some other time. Right now I am going to make love to you on a bed. I am going to
. He grabbed the back of Tony's head and forced it up.
He sat on the stool next to Tony while the first chords of the long instrumental intro started playing. Tony was talking to the audience, something about Steve's acute case of laryngitis. The people were laughing. Had Tony just insinuated someone could lose their voice through too much gay sex? How.... ? Oh, right, blow jobs. Dan Savage had mentioned something along those lines. Steve felt his face heat up on cue. Tony was a menace. Steve wanted to slap him upside the head in retaliation, but it'd have to wait, because Tony was starting to sing.
"What are you trying to do?" Steve asked.
“Good.” Sam paused. “Don't fuck this up, man.”
Rhodey smiled.
“Very well, Sir.”
Spit was a terrible lube, though, it dried way too fast and before too long, the friction was getting uncomfortable again. The one arm that Steve was holding himself up with was starting to tremble and Tony wondered if he could come this way before the man collapsed. His own hand was wet with Steve’s precome, though, so if he could use just a little… He pulled Steve’s hand off his cock and with his other hand, he pulled their groins closer so he could take them both in hand, and, oh, that was much better.
“Right, right. Yes, we do. Come on, honey, let me run a couple of tests on you and then we go for a spin outside, what do you say?” The bike was virtually jumping for joy and Steve was silently wondering if he really was that obvious and if so, why hadn’t Tony called him on it yet and put him in his place? This was embarrassing.
"Honestly, Steve, I don't know what-"
“Well,
gray hair.”
Once they were back in traffic, behind the dark glass of the limo, Tony turned to Steve.
At 11.30 am he gingerly moved them to the loveseat and went to get washed and changed. He purposely did not look out his window to check if Steve was there before he went outside. It felt like even the tiniest lack of faith would upset the delicate balance they had forged last night. Also, if he was going to be disappointed, he wanted to postpone it as long as possible.
Sam looked dubious. "I don't know man, they're working pretty good right now, I'm not sure I want you to mess with them. They're a bit delicate."
“Partner?” Tony prompted, making sure his misgivings could be heard just fine. “Why do I need a partner?”
Steve looked pained. "Okay. Fair enough. I take that back." He paused, then added, decidedly not looking at Tony: "I'm sorry about shutting you out. It was.... I was ashamed of how depraved my mind apparently is. I didn't want you to find out."
Tony laughed. "You don't sound too sure. Now, that would be wholly justified if I were actually cooking anything, but thankfully for you JARVIS keeps the fridge stocked with pre-made meals. Let's see what we've got today."
“Captain Rogers, that is not my decision to make. You can take it up with your superiors of course, but I think it would not look good on your record.” Rogers shuttered his face and didn't even salute when he left the room. Tony leaned back in his chair and squinted at Fury.
"Since when do you know so much about military protocol?"
“Have you ever been to Burger Heaven on Lexington? Oh man, I miss that place.”
She turned to Steve, whose eyebrows had disappeared into his hairline.
"God, I love blowing shit up," Tony said.
mean it that way? Tony was so out of his depth here. He now wished he hadn't dropped Steve's hand, so he could have squeezed it.
Tony sits back up and pumps his fist in silence.
He doesn't recognize his voice.
"And once they are on, they are fair game?" Bruce was looking a little shifty.
"You're about a dozen years too old for that. Get off, dude. We'll be there before you know it."
"I have airco."
"They are speaking in French!' he whispered, "JARVIS?"
“Yeah. Thanks.”
“Yeah. Yes. Let's do it.” Stark seemed a little reluctant to step back, but then placed his hand on the small of Steve's back to steer him out of the hallway. The warmth of it was distracting and Stark didn't take his hand away even when they turned into the main corridor. Steve had absolutely no problems being completely focused on Stark after that and it was fairly easy to match his steps to Stark's to keep that hand in place. Couples were displaying affection everywhere he could see on this ship, in ways that would have been unthinkable in the forties, but that didn't stop him from feeling a little short on oxygen all the way there.
“What do you want, asshole?” He clamped the phone between his ear and shoulder while leafing through his thesaurus for the snidest synonym for ‘doesn’t know what he is talking about’.
"You don't think I can? Dude, I spent half my life inventing weapons, this is kindergarten level stuff."
Tony was early for Steve’s sentencing, but he had wanted to make sure he’d have a seat. He knew the place was smaller and more utilitarian than you’d think. It felt much more high school auditorium than Law and Order courtroom. A military base in North Carolina should by all rights be classier, he thought, kind of like that ante-bellum North and South style, but they must have been on a serious budget here. He’d only seen the place once before when Rhodey had brought him in as a character witness several weeks ago. Apart from that, he hadn’t been able to see Steve or talk to him at all. Because Tony was on the witness list, and that meant he wasn’t allowed to be on the approved call or visit list. It sucked donkey balls, but Tony told himself he could go without if it meant Steve would be out sooner. Long term goals rather than short term gains, and all that jazz. Still: donkey balls.
“Spit, babe.”
“About five weeks old,” announced Bruce. “You can’t keep them, though, Clint’s really allergic.
“What man?”
“Let's see if we can still catch him.”
“Still cold, Uncle Steve.” He whined dramatically, but Steve could hear the underlying misery in his voice. Steve rolled over and wrapped his arm around Tony, plastering himself against his back, to share whatever body heat he had.
"You don't fight fair, Captain Solo." Who on earth was Captain Solo? Must be another one of those references he was sick of not getting. Whatever. He wasn't going to go back to bed solo. Tony dropped his head back against Steve's shoulder and Steve kissed him deeply and thoroughly, reveling in the feel of the rapidly swelling cock under his hand.
They had sex in the morning. Between his morning wood and Steve’s adorable I-went-to-sleep-with-wet-hair look, Tony couldn’t help but pounce. Steve laughed and playfully tried to fend him off, but the wrestling match soon turned into groping and before too long Tony was pushing into Steve while Steve clutched at the sheets, pushing his hips back against Tony and breathing his name. He raked his nails down Steve’s back and then down his front, before he closed his hands on his hips and pulled him closer. He groaned with how good it felt, the deep slide in and out of Steve’s heat, feeling it clench and ripple around his dick. Desperately, he reached for Steve’s cock, he wasn’t going to last long at all, and he didn’t want to leave him hanging again. Steve moaned when he closed his hand around it and for a moment Tony was filled with an absurd sense of pride that he’d done that, that Steve was moaning for him. And when Steve shouted and spilled hot over his hand, his muscles squeezing tight around Tony’s cock, he couldn’t help but follow him over the edge while he buried his face between Steve’s shoulder blades, trying to keep from biting him.
Maybe the wine had managed to buzz him after all. Because all of a sudden he couldn't stop his mind from slipping into a little fantasy in which Tony would wake up and tilt his face up towards Steve in a silent invitation. And Steve imagined accepting that invitation and brushing his lips over Tony's. Tony would be warm and pliable from sleep and his lips would be soft and Steve would slip his tongue into Tony's mouth and Tony would cling to him, like he'd done earlier that evening. And then Steve imagined his hand slipping under Tony's tunic and feeling the naked skin against his fingers while Tony kissed him and he had to forcefully make himself stop thinking about it, because what the hell? It was more than inappropriate. It was ridiculous. Especially since Tony would never kiss him like that.
Steve’s mouth closed over his and Tony thought little woodland creatures ought to burst into song with how good that felt. He wound his arms around Steve’s neck and started pulling him backwards, while Steve tried to shrug out of his leather jacket. It dropped to the floor as they landed on the ugly couch. Steve landed between Tony’s legs and the weight of him felt so right, that he couldn’t help but push up against it. This caused Steve to groan into his mouth, and scrabble at his jeans and that was all wonderful, so Tony did it again. It elicited the same reaction, except now Steve got a good grip on Tony’s jeans and ripped them in two. Whoa! It was Tony’s turn to make incoherent noises now and as he helped Steve’s cock out of its confinement, slicked it up with spit and precome and guided it to where he wanted it, he vowed to get so many cum stains on Steve’s bland, beige couch that they would have no choice but to burn the ugly fucker.
Even without the coordinates provided by JARVIS, the commotion was easy to spot. Tony swooped in from overhead and breathed a sigh of relief to see the Kraken still busy dunking Steve on one side while fighting the Hulk on the other. Steve was still struggling, but couldn't get a grip on the slippery tentacles. Tony aimed the repulsor at the three arms trying to strangle Steve and said a little prayer as he fired while Steve was on the upswing. It worked like a charm, the repulsors cutting through the slimy limbs like a hot knife through butter. Steve went flying and Tony sped after him to catch him. He set him down on the promenade and dumped the suit and shield at his feet.
Steve is the one who finally breaks it.
"I... yes. If Del...." He glanced at Steve. "If Del is..... amenable, she would let me watch while he fucks her. If I behaved well, she would let me... um... eat out her pussy afterward." Oh yes, this was definitely gleeful cringing. Tony was torn between needing to cover Steve's ears, being insulted he wasn't invited to that particular party and double checking that Abdel indeed had a humiliation kink as well as a cuckolding kink. Steve's choked off gasp wasn't unexpected, but it irritated him. Of course he was the one left to deal with this while Steve was having a purity crisis or something.
"Happy! What the hell are you doing in Rome?"
"She scares me,” Steve admitted, “But... Tony. If you don't want me on the team, I'm not going to force you to put up with me." Tony looked at him out of the corner of his eye. Steve was staring at something high up on the opposite wall, as if he wasn't able to look at Tony right now. God, they were hopeless. He looked back down at the mangled thing he was holding, looking for words.
After the pork shoulder roast that Tony practically inhales, the TV gets pulled out again. It's easier for Steve this time, just a bit of discomfort as Tony opens her up and starts adding parts he gets out of a plastic Radioshack bag. He mutters a bit about the simplistic design, as far as Steve can tell, but he seems oddly content to be messing around in the TV's innards. It only takes fifteen minutes or so and then Tony is pushing the TV back against the wall and hitting the On button. It flickers to life and suddenly there's the Giants' game in Steve's living room. Just like when the TV died. It's almost as if the intervening year didn't happen, and something flickers hopefully to life in Steve's chest too.  But he is well aware the Giants won a World Series in the meantime. One he didn't get to watch, his brain helpfully reminds him. He grits his teeth. That's over and done with. He is allowed be happy the TV is fixed without feeling regret or shame or whatever the fuck it is that wants to claw its way up Steve's throat.
“Nothing stays the same, Tony. That’s basic physics. And it’s really a good thing in the end.” She smiled reassuringly and then she was gone, swallowed up by the heat and noise.
“Tell me,” she said in between short upward strokes, “why do you let your hair get this bad, but you are always clean shaven?”
Wary of the lingering adrenalin in his body, Steve foregoes coffee and makes a mug of decaf green tea instead. On an impulse, he takes it outside, wanting to feel the breeze on his face and the soil under his feet. It's not even 6 in the morning and even the goats are quiet as Steve takes in the soft morning light on the golden hills behind his backyard. He feels his shoulders sag as he breathes out slowly. He's only been there a couple of minutes when the sound of a hammer hitting steel rings out and shatters the peace. Searching for the source of the sound Steve finally notices that there is now not one, but two luridly orange plastic fences trailing over the hill. The new one disappears over a little bluff, and that is where the noise seemed to come from. Telling himself he's just going for a stroll; he sets the half empty tea mug on his dusty patio table and goes out the back gate. Gwenna moves to follow him, but he tells her to stay, even though he feels vaguely guilty about shutting the gate in her face.
"It seems doubtful he will make it that far. Maybe we should let him meet God in peace."
“I can't dance,” he said unhappily.
"Ssshhhh," hushed Steve, while putting his own hat on. Tony was about to gripe at him for being shushed, when Steve leaned forward and kissed him on the nose. His lips were surprisingly warm, given how cold it was, and they were a little dry and they took the wind right out of Tony's sails. He snapped his mouth shut as his stomach gave an odd little lurch that was very disconcerting. It was over almost before it began, but Tony was at a loss for words for several interminable seconds. When he managed to lift his eyes to Steve's, Steve was smiling down at him and Tony's stomach repeated the offensive maneuver.
