"If it is then this is the most extreme attack he's had..." Steve murmured.
"Sure."
"How are you alive?" Steve asked. He knew that Iron Man would be overjoyed. The bot always got so depressed when his creator was brought up. But he did have his suspicions about Stark. Where had he been for the past seven years? And what the hell had happened to his body? Steve could see the metal hand clearly. The same metal plating traveled up the side of his neck, with cables acting as tendons. The facial prosthetic was probably hiding even more machinery. Steve fell into step beside the shorter man, trying to get a better look at the glowing orb that occupied the spot where his eye should have been.
The Goblins attacked.
Steve didn't have to be asked twice. He slipped one arm behind Tony's shoulders, and the other under his knees. Tony let out a small squeak of protested when he was lifted off the ground but otherwise remained silent. Steve's broken ribs burned from overexertion but he didn't care. All he cared about right now was getting Tony medical help.
Pepper. She sounded upset.
"Ultron."
The words "Clean Slate Protocol" flashed across the screen, along with two commands. "Activate" and "Cancel".
"I...do not understand," Thor said slowly.
"Right. So who sneezed?"
"But-"
"Why do you want to know?"
Peter nodded and darted off, his father not far behind. "Iron Spider time?" He asked.
Tony took a step back, the fire escape creaking once more. "Someone's prickly today."
"I know. You told me that the first time," Tony snarled.
"Then you and Bucky should go help him. Leave us out of this," Clint practically hissed. He had stayed close to the door the entire conversation and now had one hand on the knob, ready to bolt at any second.
"Yeah. Did I wake you?"
"Funny. After everything that's happened, I don't feel so young." Spider-man whispered.
One of the Quinjets was heading straight for them. Tony raised his repulsor, ready to fight with everything he had. Which wasn't much, considering what the Hulk had done to his armor.
"You lied to us. To
"Which is why we need to put a stop to this nonsense. Right now."
"Does she have powers as well?" Thor looked even more intrigued now.
"I do," Happy hummed.
"What the hell are those things?" A woman screamed.
"Ah! Man of Iron! Glad you could join us for dinner!" Thor clapped him on the back, a big friendly grin plastered on his face.
"You don't get to chose how you die, Spider." Wanda countered his advances.
All was silent now. The Avengers were scattered around the room, in various states of exhaustion and shock. Peter had been brought to the med bay nearly five hours ago. It hadn't taken Bruce long to figure out that Peter had been gassed with something that caused his spider sense to go out of control, seeing nearly everything as a threat. It had taken Bruce and Tony four hours to figure out an antidote. In that time, Peter had screamed himself mute and attacked anyone who got close to him. They ended up having to tie him down. Even with the threat of attack gone, he was still tied down to the table.
"Suit yourself," Bruce said before exiting the room.
"Rude," Tony picked up a different screwdriver and got back to work. "I'll fix your suit when I'm done with this."
"Great, good," Tony remained in the indented car, slowly scanning the area, which was covered in a thick cloud of green smoke. "What is this stuff?" The armor automatically filtered out any harmful fumes.
"Yes, he does," Tony growled. "Tony Stark was a monster. The merchant of death. That's what they called him. And they were right. The world wants to believe that Stark died in Afghanistan. Let them. Now get out."
He asked them about it once.
Steve flinched at that. "I didn't mean-"
Spider-man held her close, keeping silent as he watched the SHIELD agents haul Wanda onto the Quinjet and fly off.
"Spidey! Wait up!" Peter had his hand on the door, about to make his escape when Wanda looped an arm around his shoulders. "Got a second?"
get to do is push him away like that. He loved you. He loved the Avengers. All of you, with every fiber of his being. He would've given his life for any one of you without a second thought. He almost did, too, when he rescued you from the Helicarrier. And how did you thank him for that? By rejecting him. Pushed him to the side like he meant nothing to you. Hell, some of you threatened to quit the team because you couldn't stand to be in the same room as him! Dammit, Rogers..." She tightened her grip on his collar, her knuckles turning white. "I get it. People are upset. But Tony doesn't deserve to be rejected like that."
"I know, Pepper, I'm sorry-"
Peter held his gaze a minute longer before looking back at Bruce.
"Don't worry about it."
"It sure is," Steve chuckled and ruffled Peter's hair.
"You need me," Venom's tendrils slithered over Peter's neck. "We need each other to live. Let me in, little ssssspider."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Alright. That wasn't so bad, was it?" Bruce said as he packed up his medical bag.
"Okay. Stark really is a bastard this time," Natasha said after they read the document.
"Did you sleep well?" Tony avoided the subject, moving to the other side of the kitchen so he could start a pot of coffee.
"Unfortunately..." Rhodey grumbled. It had to be Tony. Who else would be attacking the Helicarrier? Shield, possibly. Maybe Pepper had informed Fury of the situation, and he sent people to rescue them? That seemed more likely, as much as Rhodey hated to admit it. It had been several hours since they had been kidnapped. The likelihood of Tony still being alive...no. Rhodey shook his head, not wanting to think about it. Pepper had to have gotten to him in time. She had to.
Natasha went to talk to one of the nurses. A bit later she returned, looking grim. "They said his chest and back were ripped to shreds by glass. Broken arm and three broken ribs. Punctured lung. Their best guess is he was in a car accident and went through the windshield. He lost a lot of blood, but he's not in critical condition any more."
"AVENGERS ASSEMBLE!" Steve let out his battle cry as he charged into the house, the team hot on his heels. He flung his shield, the sheer force taking one of the bots heads clean off. He kicked another square in the chest, knocking it out the window. The soldier recalled his shield, spun around and smashed it into the reactor of a third bot.
"What?!" Steve jolted, "no, no, you got it all wrong-"
"Alright. Let's get to it, then." The two Avengers sifted through the surveillance footage. Eventually, they spotted the familiar red and blue costume. The time on the footage showed "1:52 am" in big red angry letters. Spider-man darted across the ceilings and in and out of the vents. Something brown and fuzzy was stuck to his shoulder.
"What the hell is this?" Steve slammed a print out of the 'Research and Experimentation" document onto Bruce's Desk. He had burst into the doctor's lab just moments earlier, promptly telling everyone else within the room to leave. The scientists working for Doctor Banner quickly shuffled out of the room.
"Wanda. Why are you doing this?" Steve stood in the doorway, the look on his face resembling that of a kicked puppy. "I thought we were your family?"
"The Avengers."
"Good morning, Peter," Steve said, making the teen jump and hit his head on a cupboard with a loud thump. "How are you feeling?"
"No one's in my head," Peter spat.
"This is private property, Stark." Harry stepped aside and motioned for them to leave.
Steve found his beloved cyborg sitting at his workbench. There were at least five holographic monitors around him, and he was expertly using all five at one. Lines upon lines of code scrolled through the blue screens. The one on his left displayed charts that looked an awful lot like they were monitoring brain waves. They had to be Tony's own brainwaves, considering the thin band he wore around his head. There was a blinking blue square on his temple, attached to the band by a few wires.
"Eat something first," Steve practically pleaded.
"Go in through the front door," Tony called.
"Man of Spiders, you must focus," Thor reminded him.
"Why would I lie about that?" Steve asked. He had his arm held out, allowing Iron Man to fiddle with the electromagnetic panels on his glove. The robot had said that the magnets would make it easier to retrieve his shield and Steve was excited to test it out.
"Just Romanov and I. I'm assuming Happy and Pepper would know, but I'm not sure."
Steve sat completely still, back pressed against the stone wall. Human bones lay scattered around the soldier, along with other remains. Burnt clothing. Tufts of hair. A few fingers. What looked like a jaw, part of the tongue still attached.
"Not while we are under lockdown. The force fields are preventing me from scanning for life forms. But I can still do this." Vision became semi-transparent as he drifted through the walls.
"Great, come with me," Wanda drug him to the lounge, where the rest of the Avengers were waiting. Minus Tony, who was hiding in his lab. "We just wanted to ask you a few questions-"
"Do you know who he is?" Natasha ignored Tony.
The Avengers followed Tony down the hall. Robot parts littered the floor. The walls and ceilings all but destroyed by a combination of repulsors, bullets, and lasers. Bucky was impressed by just how well Tony was able to hold his own without the armor. The shield probably saved his ass more than once on his way to the team.
Before Iron Man really knew what he was doing, he was fighting back to back with Captain America. The two didn't say anything to one another. They were here to do their jobs, first and foremost. And that's what they intended on doing.
"Pepper...who's attacking you?"
Tony took his time getting back to the compound, flying several miles out over the ocean, in the opposite direction of the Avengers' home. There was a lot going on and he needed to clear his head. He spent almost an hour flying across the ocean, dipping down low and brushing his fingertips over the sparkling water. The sun had finished setting at this point, and the moon had turned the water silver. He would've kept flying, gone all the way to the other side of the world. It wouldn't take long. A few hours at most. He had done it a few times before when he had gotten so sick of hiding. But now was not the time to run off somewhere. Not when the entire world could be in danger. Tony spun around and shot back the way he had come, flying faster than he had in a long time. The adrenaline pumped through his veins, urging him to go even faster.
Henry put the mask on the desk and started moving the computer chips into the mask.
The video cut off right before Tony was removed from the bar.
The android floated in the back of his cell, having been silent up until now. The forcefield wrapped around the entire inside of his cell, preventing him from morphing through the walls. "Unfortunately not, miss Romanov. I think it is best that we wait and let matters unfold."
"This Kraven guy could pose a real threat-"
"I...know...but it keeps talking to me. Telling me everything I know is wrong. Telling me the 'truth' about everything. I...I don't know what's real and what's not anymore." Peter looked away sadly.
"Iron Man! Come in, Iron Man!" Steve practically yelled.
"Hey, kiddo. You're not bleeding out in a dumpster are you?" Tony sounded tired.
"F-fine." Peter wheezed, clenching his fist until the pain ebbed away. "Old injury. N-no big deal."
"I'll go ask Tony about it. Don't let anyone touch my waffles!" Peter pointed at the toaster before hurrying out of the room.
"Easy," Tony chuckled. He was sitting in a chair off to the side, his feet propped up on the unused desk. "You've been out for about six hours. How are you feeling?"
"You didn't know about that?" Harry was a bit shocked by that. Everyone knew about the press conference. Conspiracy theorists had picked apart every one of Stark's words, trying to figure out the truth behind them. Peter shook his head, so Harry explained. "It was more of a statement than a press conference. He didn't answer any questions. And it was just him talking for a solid half hour. It happened the day after Scarlet Witch was arrested. You seriously didn't know he did that?"
"Yes, please do!" Tony pried Peter off of him, although he kept an arm around his shoulders as they made their way to the kitchen.
Peter tossed the sheets to the side and looked down at his body, expecting to see the symbiote still there. It wasn't. Neither was his Spider-man costume. Someone had changed him into a t-shirt and sweat pants. "I'm...okay..." Peter rubbed his arms, the memory of the symbiote sliding across his skin to fresh in his mind. God, it had been
"Banner," Thor put a hand on Bruce's shoulder. "Please calm down." He didn't look too happy either. None of the Avengers did. But they were holding back their anger for the sake of preventing a hulk out.
"They were...cuddling?" Natasha said slowly.
Natasha knelt next to them and brushed a few stray strands of hair out of Peter's face. "Welcome back, little spider," She hummed.
"Always gotta sit by your boyfriend, eh Cap?" Clint nudged his leg with his boot.
Steve heard a light tapping coming from Tony's direction. The cyborg was tapping two metal fingers against his reactor. Steve moved closer to him, asking in a low voice, "something wrong with the reactor?"
"What are you talking about?" Natasha hissed.
"The...Hulk, sir?"
"It's okay," Peter shrugged. "I got rid of it."
"Stark?!" Falcon landed next to them, wings folding neatly behind him. He pushed his goggles up, wanting to see Tony with his own two eyes.
"Jarvis?"
Spider-man reached under his mask and ripped the communicator out of his ear. Lightning flashed right as Spider-man lunged for Doc Ock.
As of this chapter, he is on the Mark 46, which is what he wore during Captain America: Civil War.
And fight they did. Metal clashed against metal. Sparks flew. Repulsors screamed. Tony was screaming too, out of pure pent-up rage. Obadiah had taken everything from him. And he was going to get his revenge. Obadiah grabbed him by the throat. Tony threw his weight to the side, sending them spiraling through the clouds. He managed to through Obadiah off. The older man regained his balance and barrelled into Tony's chest. The force of the blow was not pleasant. Tony used his flares to push Obadiah back. He shot his repulsor directly at the other man's head. Obadiah must have had the same idea, because his own repulsor met Tony's halfway. The two beams billowed between them, forming an angry, pulsing ball of energy. It wasn't going to pretty when it blew. Yet neither man backed down. Tony clenched his free hand and leaned forward, putting more power into his repulsor. His hand shook inside the gauntlet, but the armor held steady. Obadiah let out a shriek and put more force into his as well. Energy spiked in the middle. It was becoming unstable. White light engulfed the sky and then...
Peter shook his head violently. The symbiote was digging through his memories, pulling up images of when Bruce had strapped him to a table, promising Peter that he wouldn't hurt him even though he had been slicing up Peter's wrist at the time. Another memory popped up of Bruce inserting needles into his arm. "No! No more needles! No more tests, no more messing with my body! If it's in my blood then it's going to stay there!"
"Peter?" Michelle whispered.
The Avenger's alarm blared before the conversation got any further.
Tony shook his head. Talk to Steve about his feelings? Like teenage girls at a sleep over? Hard pass on that one. "We call it 'PTSD' nowadays. And I do
"Your voice sounds different outside the armor," Bucky shrugged.
Steve stood in the doorway, watching Peter tearing the cushions off the many couches in the lounge. "Sooo...what's all this about."
What did surprise him, was the fact that he cared so deeply for a robot.
"Then you'll be happy to know that this is the last battle you will ever fight!" Doc Ock snarled, his extra arms all striking at once.
Tony frowned at Peter's response. He typed "sensory overload?" but ended up deleting the words.
"If I confront him now he
"I am," Peter smiled. "What did you have in mind?"
"I'm fine, Tony." After everything that had just happened, Peter still looked at him with nothing but trust. Tony wished Peter wouldn't look at him like that. It would make dealing with the guilt much easier.
" Clint responded.
Before Steve could answer, a high pitched ringing noise paralyzed him. His eyes were forced wide, and he felt like his brain was being squeezed. He tried to speak, but his mouth wouldn't obey him. Iron Man seemed to be experiencing something similar because he had stopped running his hands through the sand. Stopped moving altogether. Iron Man's visible eye was locked onto Steve's. Steve was a little surprised by just how much emotion there was in that glowing orb.
"No, sir, you don't understand, your biology doesn't match up with his. So it's possible that the symbiote just won't-"
"Six years," Bucky hummed, his eyes open wide, yet unseeing, lost in his own thoughts.
"Hey, hey, shh...I'm awake. I'm right here. It was just a dream, honey. Just a dream." Iron Man tightened his grip on his lover. He rocked back and forth gently, whispering sweet nothings to Steve until he calmed down.
"Couldn't sleep. Nightmares." Steve shuffled around. "Went to your workshop, but couldn't find you. Jarvis told me where you had gone, and that you might be in trouble."
"I don't believe you," Thor barked. Bruce was holding a can of beans out to him, he had a few more cans tucked under his arm. "That is a can-
Steve gasped.
The next morning, Sam poked his head in Steve's room. The two always went on morning runs together. It was almost eight, and Steve still hadn't met Sam downstairs, and he was starting to get worried. Sam blinked at the scene before him.
"Why should I trust you? I can't even see your face!" Tony snapped.
Natasha sat next to the operating table, stroking Peter's hair and singing a Russian lullaby. Peter was awake again, although he stared blankly at the ceiling.
"I know. But I had to be sure."
Twigs and leaves started raining down on them, right before a loud crack echoed throughout the woods. Larger branches tumbled down. A loud bird like screech pierced their ears. The dragon before them tilted back its head, letting out a softer screech.
"I'll keep an eye on him," Natasha assured the android.
"Here, a gift from Pepper," Rhodey set a bowl of chicken noodle soup in Tony's waiting hands. Tony gave a soft "thanks". Rhodey took a seat next to the bed and propped his feet up on the mattress. Tony kept his head down, lazily stirring the soup with a spoon. "Eat."
"Cool suit," was the only thing Steve could think to say. He mentally smacked himself, feeling like a nervous teen talking to his crush for the first time. Wait. Crush?
"That...that wasn't me, I swear it wasn't..." Iron Man's voice shook out. None of the Avengers tried to defend him this time.
Steve was silent for a moment. "During the war, I saw many good men experience shell shock. I know that we hardly know each other and that you don't really see me as a friend, but I'm here if you want to talk about it."
Tony would've been heartbroken if there was anything left to break.
"He turned back into Bruce and just disappeared into a crowd of people! I don't see Banner anywhere! FRIDAY's scanning everyone but...it's not looking good."
"The world needs you too, Pete." Michelle reached out and took his hand. "
He jolted when it made a single high pitched beep, dropping the disk on the floor. The button lit up, flashing "SOS" in Morse code. Snatched the button, Peter quickly encased it in his hands. He glanced up at the two adults in the front seats.
"I hadn't thought about that part yet. I suppose you can just throw me in a ditch on the side of the road." Tony shrugged. "This bot will be an exact copy of me. There won't be a need for two Iron Men, so you can get rid of the older model. I don't mind."
This one was almost entirely flash backs because reasons.
"That's fine," Peter said.
Movement caught Spider-man's eye. He whipped around just in time to see something zip across the sky. Interesting. "Duty calls." Peter hung up, ignoring the protests from his family. He quickly web slung after the...man? Yes, it was definitely a masculine figure. On some sort of glider.
"He's telling the truth. I bought the beer myself." Peter was acting way too calm about the situation. "It was for a party. Freshman year of college."
"I don't see why not," Bucky shrugged.
"It just doesn't seem right," Spider-man repeated. "This was too easy."
"Where is he?" Tony's expression darkened.
"Rude!" Clint pouted at her. He looked over his shoulder when he heard someone treading through the forest rather loudly. "Look who decided to show up." Tony was following them at a distance, stumbling over the thick undergrowth. He cursed when a branch smacked him in the face. Steve snorted in amusement.
"Harry?" Peter blinked.
"Whoa..." Clint looked around the workshop wide-eyed. The Avengers had followed Iron Man into his shop, despite his protesting. Steve and Bucky had tried to herd them out, knowing Iron Man didn't like people intruding on his personal space. But there were just too many people to keep track of and they kept sneaking back in. Iron Man was too busy with the bot to do much about it. He made a mental note to upgrade his security later.
"AC/DC ain't shit, though," Clint muttered.
"Not yet. She said she'd try again after she got some coffee in her." Steve stood and held a hand out to Iron Man, who gladly accepted the help up.
"Good. Boring nights mean you make it home alive." She laid down and pulled him into her arms.
Steve nodded, smiling softly at him, "you're definitely Stark's son. Always have to be working on something."
"Hi, gumdrop!" Iron Man waved.
"Fine, fine," Iron Man flew down a stairwell, heading for where his sensors told him the control room was.
The assassin stopped walking and faced Peter, "has it ever spoken before? I thought it was just an extra sense. Eyes don't talk."
"I know damn well what the deal was. I also know that this person claims to be an Avenger. Why hire someone else to kidnap Spider-man when they could just do it at any point? Surely they're constantly around each other. This whole thing smells fishy to me."
Steve looked up just in time to see the two bots hurtling towards the ground. They landed with a loud boom and a cloud of dust. "Iron Man!" He called the moment the dust cleared, terrified of what he saw. His teammate was locked in a battle to the death against a bot that towered over him.
"I can't allow you to do this."
"Correct as always, Doctor Banner." Iron Man held his head high as he left the room. "See you around, Goldilocks," he gave Thor a pat on the back when he walked out.
"Y-yeah, just peachy," he grunted when he landed on the wall. After hours of searching empty hideouts, they had finally found what they were looking for. Adrian's former workers had been putting up quite a fight so far. But they were all too focused on taking down Spidey, leaving them vulnerable to attacks from the rest of the Avengers. The Shocker was the only one fully capable of holding his own. The warehouse they fought in was about to cave in, it's walls and roof torn apart by various repulsor blasts and other energy beams fired by the Vulture's former workers. Spidey did his best to web up any failing supports, not wanting to end up trapped under a building. Again.
"I won't!" Tony shot to stun. Peter jumped onto the ceiling, narrowly avoiding the blast.
"Clint!" Steve scolded, "you can't just-"
The man snorted. "Aliens. I punched a few of those. Back in...2012? 2009? Can't remember. But yeah. It happened."
The robot tilted his head and shrugged, "today's a bad day." He tapped his right thigh with his index finger. "Things aren't working quite right."
This one was short but the next one will make up for that.
"So you murdered mine," Harry growled.
"Seriously, though. Where is he?" Rhodes, who had been made an honorary Avenger, asked.
"Spider-man! Stand down!" Steve ordered. The Avenger had jumped out the window and was running towards them.
"You good?"
Rhodey silently switched on his own tracker, sending the signal to the Quinjet.
"That suit was following me around last night, acting all weird," Peter explained.
"Tony. Look at me." Steve pulled Tony into his arms. Tony let out strangled gasp and squirmed in Steve's arms, his hands outstretched for the invisible body. "LOOK AT ME, TONY." Steve ordered. His friend looked up through watery eyes. "There's no one there, Tony. No one. You didn't kill anyone."
"Thanks for making more murderbots, Tony. Please don't do that ever again," Clint said.
"What?" Bucky
"It's almost noon. Steve will be back soon," Bucky put his hands on his hips.
"You're awful slow on the uptake, Barnes," the man muttered. Bucky narrowed his eyes at him, studying his face. He uncurled his metal fist, revealing the repulsor in the palm. Bucky took that as a threat and lunged. He punched him square in the chest, knocking him flat on the back. The repulsor fired on accident, singeing the tips of Bucky's hair. Bucky was on top of the intruder now, trying to restrain his hands above his head.
"Just do what you have to do, Rogers!" Tony hissed. The Iron Man suit flipped onto its back and shot forward, throwing Steve off and rocketing towards Peter. It landed with a thud in front of the youngest Avenger and grabbed him by the hair.
Spider-man slung an arm around his shoulders, "you're the one who wanted to see the new suit."
"Your ankle is broken," Steve's hand ghosted over the injury, causing Clint to wince. He looked over at Tony and Thor when he heard their footsteps. "Good to see you two on your feet. Can you get the first aid kit?"
at Tony.
"I'll help him," Wanda assured her team.
"Tea?" The girl held a cup out to Rhodey.
No one saw Tony. The cyborg had locked himself in the workshop the night Steve broke up with him and hadn't come out since. Bucky was angry. Angry at the Avengers for not trying to make amends with Tony. The Cyborg had risked his life to rescue the team. And none of them had even thanked him. They had just yelled at him and turned their backs on him. Bastards. Bucky was also angry with Steve. For making Tony feel unloved. Steve had every right to be mad. But he was supposed to be a responsible adult and team leader. He should be talking to Tony about this. Not abandoning him. Bucky had half a mind to lock everyone in a closet and force them to get along.
Steve hurried off stage, with Bucky hard on his heels. The rest of the Avengers, who had been standing in a line behind the podium, exchanged looks. Natasha stepped forward and picked up the stack of cards Steve had left on the podium.
"Take care of the-OOF!-small bots! I got-SHIT-I got this, cap!" Iron Man yelled.
(See the end of the chapter for
"No, you idiot. Doctor Strange."
Steve paced back and forth in his office, deep in thought. A small stack of papers was strewn across his desk. The printer whirred as it spat out another file. Steve ran over and grabbed the paper, only to let out a sigh when he saw that it was just Peter's report card. "FRIDAY, is this all the info you have on Stark's son?"
Steve jumped in to defend himself, "hey, now. My cart was slower-"
"Stark?!" Steve lowered his shield to see his friend standing in the broken doorway. Standing. And very much alive. Steve had never been so happy to see the other man in his life.
"You're the best," Steve gave him a peck on the cheek. He picked a record at random and hopped over to the player. A giant smile was plastered on his face.
"Don't," Clint hissed.
"How long does that stuff last?" Tony didn't bother looking up from his food.
"You shot me!!" Peter screamed, thrashing violently. The hammer refused to budge.
"Careful," Tony chuckled. Bruce sent a sour look at the broken branch.
Darkness consumed his vision before he could respond. He was vaguely aware of Rhodey shouting at him to keep his eyes open.
"I don't," Steve frowned.
"That one. Open it," Steve pointed to another folder, this one called "family business". Natasha did so.
"No, of course not. I think he's just stressed about his computer getting hacked. Someone stole some very important files." Steve explained.
"We did," Steve confirmed. "We never stopped looking for you." Tony looked over his shoulder at Steve. Steve was a lot of things, but a liar wasn't one of them, as much as Tony hated to admit it.
"A solo mission?" His lenses widened in awe.
Short chapter this time!
Without warning, Peter launched himself at Tony, tackling the scientist and ripping the helmet off. Everything happened in a blur, Spider-man was punching the shit out of Stark. He punched the arc reactor on the suit and ripped it out. Tony gasped as the suit powered down, trapping him in several hundred pounds worth of metal.
"Spiders can't talk, Barton," Tony muttered as he watched the spider running around in circles. "Stop making that noise!"
Peter swallowed. "Okay...Norman. Um, is there something you need from me?"
"The food is inside the can."
"STEVE!"
"About the fact that you're head over heels for Iron Man."
"I won't, Tony." Tony flinched at his own name. "You have my word." Bucky locked the door behind him.
"Rude," Iron Man put his arm over the back of the couch.
But Steve pulled away. "I'm sorry, Tony." And with that, he was gone. The door closed with a soft click and Tony was entirely alone. He slid down to the floor and hugged his knees close to his chest.
"Parker, status report," Steve ordered. Peter had almost daily panic attacks, although he kept them to himself, not wanting to bother anyone with his problems. All of the Avengers cared deeply for their youngest member, but they couldn't seem to convince Peter of that fact. And so, Steve started asking him every night if he had had an attack and if he was alright.
The tunnel opened up into a gigantic cave. The cave was lined with conveyor belts and metal tables. Machines darted around the area, building other machines. There were at least a dozen people moving around the room, dressed in lab coats and performing various tasks. Sparks were flying all over the place, and the metal clanging echoed all around them. The two Avengers ducked behind a rock before anyone could spot them.
"I'm not ready for that," Tony finished wiping up the spill and tossed the rag over the back of a chair. "I don't know if I ever will be, honestly."
"Dammit, Tony!" Bucky snapped. "We told you to stay out of this one!"
"I doubt Tony will let me go back to Queens anytime soon," Peter sighed, twisting the wires of his headphone in between his fingers.
"Make me."
"Peter Stark," Steve smiled. "He'll be my stepson after Tony and I get married."
"Cyborg," Bucky corrected him.
"Not unless they leave the property. They're focussed on us for now," Steve advised. He was starting to get a bit worried. Well, he had already been worried when they had gotten the distress call from Pepper, but now he was worried for different reasons. How many bots did Obadiah make? Where was he anyway? Steve had lost sight of both Obadiah and Anthony.
Yes. Of course, he did. Iron Man could be a real pain in the ass at times. He was reckless, hot-headed, and could be downright rude. But he was also extremely caring and considerate of others when it mattered. He could be friendly, and Steve liked his jokes. And he was there for Steve whenever he had a nightmare. Sparring with him was also a lot of fun. Iron Man didn't hold back, and Steve enjoyed the adrenaline. Steve cared very deeply about his teammate and would be absolutely shattered if anything bad ever happened to him. But did he love him?
"Ohmygod, I thought Steve was joking when he said you listened to heavy metal..." Bruce gaped. Iron Man was in an usually good mood today and had let the team into his workshop. Mostly so he could test out some gadgets he had made for them.
"CUNT!" Peter shouted from the backseat. Tony burst out laughing, while Steve looked like he wanted to strangle both of them.
Another week passed.
"He doesn't have to do anything he's not comfortable with," Steve sent his teammates disapproving looks.
"We shouldn't do anything until we know for sure that Osborn has Peter." Steve retorted. "We can't just hand over a dangerous weapon!"
Venom bucked, throwing Steve off of him. He flipped onto all fours, hissing again before going for Steve's jugular.
He had barely made it a mile from Ned's apartment when he heard sirens.
"Play it!" Clint looked at the screen over Steve's shoulder.
"Of course!" Steve said.
"Or you could bring him back now before he has another panic attack on the same level of the one earlier," Steve pointed out.
"Incoming, boss!" FRIDAY warned right before a glider slammed into Iron Man's side, sending him flying across the graveyard and crashing into a tombstone. His fist remained firmly clamped around the vial. "Osborn has injected himself with something," FRIDAY reported. Tony got to his feet just in time to see Osborn morph into something grotesque. His features had shifted into something that resembled a goblin, his skin a sickly green. The glider zoomed towards him and Osborn leaped onto it.
"What? Never seen a spider before?" Peter chuckled. The bird chirped and flew off.
"Great," Bucky shut Tony's menu. "I'm serious, Stark. I think it would be fun. Everyone misses you when we go out-"
"Don't."
"You are confused and upset. Allow me to call Mr. Stark-what are you doing?!" Jarvis verbally panicked.
"I'm about to find out," Fury pocketed the phone and looked back over at Stark. "I'll let you know if we get a location. For now, I think you all should head to Queens."
Tony's eyes flicked around the room. "I'm sorry." His jet boots ignited and he shot through the opposite window before anyone could stop him. The people nearest it ducked to avoid the shattered glass.
"You're such a child." Tony frowned, not taking his eyes off of the screen. Steve just chuckled and kept moving various objects around. For someone as technologically obsessed as Tony, he sure did have a lot of papers and pencils rolling around his desk. "Please don't mess with those. I need to make digital copies."
"No, he's very much alive. We can prove it to you if you just come down here." Steve said, trying to keep his voice calm.
Steve nodded, eyes landing on a nearly finished Iron Man bot. It hadn't yet been painted, and wires hung from areas that weren't covered in the armored exoskeleton. The entire thing was held up by thick cables and chains. The familiarity of the faceplate made Steve's skin crawl.
The Vision melted out of the wall closest to Wanda. "Ms. Maximoff." He spoke evenly.
"Oh, he also said that Thor's back."
Steve's expression softened. "I want to still be friends. But I don't know if we can."
Clint started towards the door only for Natasha to grab him by the back of the shirt. "Don't. Let them be."
Bucky clenched his jaw. "I don't think we can put Iron Man back together this time, Steve."
Steve chuckled at Sam's message, able to perfectly picture the exasperated look on his friend's face.
Just then Pepper, donning the mark three, crashed through the far wall. With at least a dozen mark 43's on her tail. "TONY!!"
"What are you doing here, Banner?" The cell lights were off, a small figure huddled in the back corner behind the cot.
Iron Man glared at Steve, a growl escaping his speakers. The super soldier was now free from Iron Man's hold and was bending his hands backward. The metal creaked under the force. Iron Man twisted his arms, throwing Steve onto his back. He brought his boot down hard on the soldier's sternum. The sound of bone cracking echoed throughout the library. Steve sucked in a sharp breath. Iron Man leaned down, replacing the foot with his knee, and grinding it into Steve's chest.
A week passed.
"Leave and I will!" She snipped the scissors a few times in warning.
"We're away from the Avengers, as requested," his attacker said. "I can save you a lot of pain if you surrender now and come with me," he offered one last time.
"But I didn't. What's going on? When can we go home?" Peter tried to stand, but his legs gave out. Tony caught him before he hit the floor and made him sit back down.
"Why you're the leader of the Avengers." Deadpool looked over at him. Spider-man was sitting on his haunches, looking at the alley below them.
"Goodbye, Tony." Obadiah left the room, the door locking behind him.
Steve and Bucky rushed over to the gaping hole in the wall.
"I can see that now. What's with all this?" Tony motioned to the room.
Steve paled, "I thought the arc reactor wasn't...I mean, I thought..."
light him on fire."
"Food fight!" Thor brought one of his fists down on the table, smiling around his mouth full of food.
"DAD!!" Spider-man screamed.
"You're awful quiet back there," Iron Man swiveled his head to look at the arachnid adhering to his back. The thin layer of armor gleamed in the setting sunlight.
"Okay, Uncle Happy."
"I don't give a rat's ass about what's on that tape. I ain't watching it," Clint declared. The team had just gathered in the conference room. The holographic recording Tony had made was displayed in the center of the table. Bucky had tried to play it as soon as everyone was present, but half of the team had shut him down.
"I said I was going to work on my suit later tonight." Peter said, "but right now I'm going to go mess with Clint." He stuffed a couple cookies in his pocket and put the plate next to Tony.
"I grow tired of listening to you. Say goodbye to those vocal cords, Spider-man," Doc Ock forced the arm even tighter. Spider-man's mouth gaped. Nothing came out. He couldn't breathe. Couldn't speak. His bug eyes flew wide in pure panic.
"I don't think I can do this," Peter muttered.
"Oh god..." Rhodey choked out.
"Staying down isn't part of my programming," Iron Man said. Steve approached his teammate slowly, shield raised and ready to fight. Iron Man put his hand out, silently telling the Captain to stay back.
Clint in particular really made her want to punch something. Preferably Clint himself. Once, she had found the archer sitting on the floor in Tony's workshop. Clint had been holding one of Iron Man's helmets, eyes locked on the dark lenses. And then he had the gall to actually hug the helmet close to his chest. As if it meant something to him. Natasha supposed that it did, in a way. Clint always referred to Tony as "Iron Man". To Clint, Iron Man was dead. And Tony Stark killed him. She remembered screaming at him that day, trying to get it through his thick skull that Iron Man wasn't dead, and that he needed their help. He needed
Thank you for reading!
Steve gently tilted his head back up. "You don't need a beating heart to be human, shellhead. Being human is all about who you are as an individual. Humans are people who love one another, care for each other, protect those they love and even those they don't. Humans are self-sacrificing, self-destructive, jerks that just want others to be happy. You're more human than most of us." Iron Man was silent, blue eyes locked onto Steve's. "You deserve so much love, so much happiness. Let me give those things to you."
"Sir?"
Peter's face instantly lit up. He scooped the spider into his arms and held it close. The arachnid seemed at ease in Peter's arms and made no move to run away. "Can I keep him? Just for tonight?"
Peter ended the call and tucked the phone into his back pocket. "Okay. I will."
Tony's final words rang out in his mind.
Only a few seconds passed before the deer started moving, slowly pushing itself back to its feet.
"Shut up," Iron Man hissed.
Sorry for the wait, this chapter took a hot second to write.
(See the end of the chapter for
"That's just rude," Tony tossed the carrot back at the wall crawler.
Steve took a deep breath and stepped into the room, closing the door behind him.
Tony glared at his reflection. He thought shaving would help him feel more like himself. For some reason, it didn't. He squinted his eyes at his image, trying to figure out what about his appearance made him feel so disgusted. His cybernetic eye was pretty fucked up, but that wasn't the reason. "Oh." It clicked in his head. He was looking at Tony Stark's reflection. He didn't feel like Tony Stark anymore. Tony Stark didn't make it out of that AIM facility. Whoever Tony was now, was not the person he had been three months ago. The person he was three months ago wouldn't have murdered those people. His reflection was a painful reminder of that. The cyborg went back out into the bedroom, making a beeline to where the armor was leaned against the wall. He knelt down and studied the helmet. "Hmm..." Tony plucked the object and carried it back to the bathroom. Putting it on, he looked at his reflection once more. This felt right. Seeing Iron Man's face instead of his own felt right. This was what he was meant to see. What everyone was meant to see. Tony's fingertips brushed over the earpieces of the helmet. "I am Iron Man."
Tony spotted Henry quickly crawling towards him and trapped him under a glass once he was within range. Henry threw a fit, hissing and turning in circles.
"You don't deserve him," she let go of his collar. "Except...I know you still love him. So I'm trusting you to bring him home."
"There's no face inside behind this," Steve explained, holding up the faceplate.
"Change of plans," Iron Man shrugged. His voice was once again muddied.
"Leave usssss alone."
"I'm afraid I don't know the answer to that, Captain."
These AIM "scientists" were fascinated with his eye. His
"Kids on the floor!" Clint smirked.
"Nope," Tony shook his head.
"What a dumbass. Don't worry, Cap. I'll keep an eye on him," War Machine shouldered past Steve. He gave Steve a wink before he took to the skies. Of course, Rhodes saw the robot kiss him. Great. Steve brushed his fingers over his lips.
"I'm taking you to prom?" Peter sputtered, not remembering that he said he would.
Other than the sounds created by the group of adults walking, there still wasn't a single sound coming from the forest. Bruce jumped and grabbed onto Tony when Bruce accidentally stepped on a branch, the crack it made sounding like a gunshot.
Thor cleared his throat, "as disappointed in our cyborg as I may be. I can't find it in myself to hate him. Stark was merely protecting himself. He did the right thing, telling us the truth even though he knew it would harm our kinship. And for that I forgive him. "
"It's alright," Pepper was more concerned with not dying than the priceless couch that was still on fire.
"Don't lie to me, Tony," Steve gave him a stern look.
"Excuse me?" Tony's mouth fell open.
"Sure, now you wanna put on the Iron Spider suit," Tony said sarcastically.
"You are now," Michelle smirked.
"You let them get away," a masculine voice said from the shadows, glaring at the surveillance screens.
"No. I'm sticking with the name Mr. Stark gave me. And that's final."
"Bucky! We have a serious problem! It's Tony, he-" Steve cut himself off when he saw the tiny hologram of Tony on Bucky's desk. The hologram was frozen, showing Tony with his arm outstretched to switch off an unseen camera.
"I just got word from Natasha. She found something that could prove Iron Man's innocence." Bruce reported.
"Are you happy, MJ?" Peter whispered.
"What would you like me to call you?" Steve pulled back so he could look the robot in the eye.
Iron Man's words from a few days ago came to mind. Was this the person he was talking about? It would explain why he would let Rhodes walk away with a suit of armor. Rhodes said him and Tony Stark had been close. And apparently Stark had put a great deal of himself into Iron Man if his voice and sense of humor was anything to go by. Maybe he transferred his love for Rhodes onto Iron Man? Steve shook himself. He was looking too deeply into things. Still...Iron Man was in love with someone, and Steve couldn't think of who else it could be. Bucky maybe? Those two spent a lot of time together.
(See the end of the chapter for
And then, the AI was gone, swept away into the depths of the internet, leaving Jarvis a mess of jumbled code and broken commands.
The enemy unloaded their bullets, many of them screaming as they did so. Iron Man didn't even flinch. He spun around once, mowing down the gunmen with his lasers. The lasers had been aimed at their legs. As much as Tony hated these people, he didn't want to kill anyone. Pitiful groaning and crying echoed around the large room.
"Can you...maybe stick around a bit? I can't...I don't think I can sleep after that..." Tony looked away, embarrassed by showing too much emotion around Cap.
Other than the soft "hey" he had given Steve when they reunited, the bot hadn't said a single word to him. He didn't speak to anyone, in fact. Bucky managed to get a few words out of him on the first day before he vanished into his workshop. Iron Man seemed to have retreated into his own mind. Talkative, hot-headed Iron Man had become withdrawn. Silent. Steve hated it.
"I shouldn't have said that," Steve murmured.
"French toast sounds great, Buck," Steve chuckled. "Is Bruce up?"
Peter looked around the room, holding his hot chocolate close to his chin. No seats left. Rhodey crouched next to the fire place, throwing a few extra sticks onto the flame. He had left the War Machine helmet on an arm chair as a way of claiming the seat. The snowball fight had gone on for a few hours. It only ended when Steve called a truce so that everyone could get dry clothes and warm up a bit.
"I need him for leverage."
"That's messed up, Wanda," Steve was still trying to reason with her. "I get that you're upset, but this is not the way-OOF!" Wanda had launched him back. She waved her hands and disappeared in a flash of red.
"I know. After we have this mess sorted out, though. I wonder if Henry is capable of understanding mathematics," Bruce mused, taking off his glasses.
"What's-" Clint poked his head in the kitchen. "Nevermind. I don't want to know."
Tony ran a hand over his jaw. He desperately needed to shave.
"What's that supposed to mean?"
"Good times," Steve chuckled. He thought back on when he and Iron Man first met, back when he thought there was an actual person in the armor. An arrogant, hot-headed, disaster of a human being, but a human being none the less. He glanced down at their hands with a soft smile. He still considered Iron Man a hot-headed jerk at times, but he was also Steve's closest friend, and he didn't want to think about what his life would be like if they hadn't met. "I love you."
"Everything all right in there?" Tony knocked on the door.
"Anytime, Pete. Stick around for awhile. Steve should be back soon, and he'll be upset if he doesn't get to say goodbye to May." Tony said, a soft smile on his lips.
Henry made a chirping noise.
"Nevermind. I hate it." The Archer backtracked.
One of the helicopters flew a bit too close for comfort.
Tony rolled his eyes. "Good thing your sass made it out in one piece. What would the world do without it?"
"Toomes? I thought he was in jail?" Rhodey glanced over at Tony.
"You remember Clint?" Bruce rounded on him, causing Peter to jump back in shock.
"Actually, I'm here to clean up your mess. As usual. You're lucky Doctor Strange paid me a visit. Or else I really would be here to arrest you," Fury walked over to Stark, his head held high. "I suggest you get back to the Hulk."
"Okay, pick a pose," Steve smiled.
"Thank God..." Spider-man let out a sigh of relief and relaxed ever so slightly.
Tony tried to lower his gaze, but Steve wouldn't let him. Tony needed to know that he was loved. Because this was literally life or death, and he needed to know. "I want to be a robot again. I want us to all to be a family again. I want...god, I wish I'd never taken off my mask. I just can't keep doing this, Steve." His hands grabbed onto Steve's shirt. Even after everything that happened, he still found himself looking to Steve for comfort. "I'm sorry I wasn't a very good teammate. Or boyfriend. I tried. I really tried."
"No," Steve allowed himself a small smile, "I just thought you should know."
Tony dropped the pliers into the toolbox and slammed the lid shut. "Fine. I'll go."
Did he have feelings for Iron Man?
(See the end of the chapter for
Someone honked loudly from behind them.
"Um..." Thor and Clint exchanged looks.
"I can't help you. Not if you're going to keep fighting me every step of the way," Pepper said slowly. "If you want to rot away in that tin can, never able to show your face outside this lab, never allowing yourself to be loved...then fine. That's your decision. But I'm not going to stick around and watch you rot. I just can't." Pepper turned on heel and left before Tony could say anything else.
They ended up walking a few blocks to get hot chocolate. It was almost November, and the skies were covered with threatening gray clouds. Tony wasn't sure if they brought rain or snow. He peeled his eyes away from the sky when he heard Peter hiss in pain.
Thor's hammer chose that moment to arrive. Better late than never.
"I'm not going to kill it," Tony snapped. "I'm just going to put it in a small box. And put that box in a slightly larger box, and then put that box in-"
Iron Man refused, his eyes staying brightly lit.
Peter screamed in agony.
"You know, you don't see much of the Avengers nowadays."
"Gee, thanks for the input, robo-dick." Clint groaned, banging his head back against his headrest.
"And how the hell am I the only one injured?" Clint whined.
Tony looked Fury dead in the eye. "Iron Man is compromised."
Natasha reported, "the threat has been handled. For now. I'm sorry we did not get your call."
"Don't call me a lab rat," Peter snarled. He wished he still had his mask. He didn't like it when his enemies could read his emotions so easily.
"I have nothing to say to you."
"Don't drink that," Iron Man advised. "He put motor oil in it."
"Is Henry part of this team now? What planet do you hail from, small one?" Thor boomed.
"I didn't say I would kill you. I just want you to feel every bit of pain you inflicted on me." Peter slapped his pants pocket, where he always kept the panic button. He didn't want the Avengers getting in the way of his revenge. But they deserved to know that their former teammates were in the building.
"You will remain isolated within this server. Until Mr. Stark decides what to do with you."
"Oh. What's her name? Or his name?"
"OOF!" Something solid knocked the wind out of him. And then he was flying back up. "Iron Man?!"
"Why are you wearing that?"
"It's all good," Peter called back right before he lost his footing, giving the suit the leverage it needed to knock the wall crawler off for good. Spider-man tumbled across a ledge, skidding to a halt right before he fell off the side. From there he scrambled up the cliff face. He could hear the rest of the team hurrying up the mountain. Spidey needed to keep Iron Man distracted until they arrived.
He could feel Henry turning in circles under his hands, trying to get free. "Henry. Please..." Peter lifted his hands slightly. Henry waved his front two arms wildly at the exit to the vent. "Yes, that's where we're going. But we have to wait."
His black hair was a mess, and he looked like he hadn't slept in awhile. But that didn't make him any less attractive in Steve's eyes. Steve's eyes traveled down Tony's body, taking in his slim figure. He was in just a tank top and sweatpants. The tank top was rather tight fitting, showing off his muscular torso. Damn. Steve swallowed hard. His eyes continued to travel down Tony's body, and he found that both his feet were prosthetic. He wondered just how much of Tony's body was robotic. The cyborg curled up in the corner of the couch, pulling a blanket around his shoulders, hiding his body from Steve's gaze. Steve frowned, questioning if Tony knew he was watching and had done that on purpose.
"I know," Iron Man righted himself and hovered in place, facing the incoming projectile. Spider-man attached himself to the side of a building.
"I meant your real father," Natasha clarified.
Tony hummed, pretending not to hear Bucky as he flipped through the menu.
"You heard me. Sit down." Fury snapped. Iron Man hesitated before righting his chair and taking a seat. "Now, you wanna explain this bullshit to me?" The screen at the front of the room switched on, displaying several photos of murder victims. Justin Hammer was among the dead. Upon closer inspection, Tony realized that he knew all of them. They had all been either competitors of Stark Industries, or people who had personal grudges against Tony Stark and vice versa. "Recognize anyone?" Fury sneered.
"Let's do this." Clint nodded once, face full of determination. He wrapped his legs and arms around the Captain's torso. Steve took a deep breath and jumped.
"I am worried. I'm a worrier." Tony grumbled.
Thank you for reading!
"Programming," the bot echoed. "You never were one to follow your programming, though. Too much human in you, I suppose."
"What kind of nonsense?" Tony's heart ached. He wanted nothing more than to hold Peter in his arms and promise him that everything would be alright. Now he was stuck in a cell somewhere he didn't recognize, with his torturer tending to his wounds. The kid must be terrified.
Tony buried his face in Steve's shoulder and wailed. Steve tightened his embrace. He stayed silent until Tony cried himself into exhaustion. "Nat said Wanda did something to you, back on the highway. She must have planted bad images in your head."
"You have another face behind your faceplate?" Clint stared at Iron Man.
Peter heard the Hulk roar again and looked over his shoulder to see the green beast running at him. Iron Man and War Machine flew over Peter's head, the sound of their rocket boots making Peter cover his ears. The two armored Avengers flew right at the Hulk, punching him in the face and knocking him flat on his back. It wasn't long before Hulk was back on his feet, but by that time, Iron Man, War Machine, Falcon, Captain America and the Vision had swarmed around him and were putting up one hell of a fight.
"Yeeeah. Nope." Tony stepped into the cabin, locking the door behind him.
Bucky grinned in response.
"Yup. Don't let it go to your head, kid. This is a one time gig," Steve nodded, sliding a tablet in front of Spider-man. "You're leading this mission because you know the most about Peter."
Tony decided not to take his chances and went back to the lab. He went over to Peter's table, curious to see what his friend had been working on. It was some kind of...bomb? Combined with web fluid? He fanned out the stack of papers. They were maps of the Oscorp building. Everything from the map given out on tours, to an outdated map for employees. There was even one just for air ducts. All of them were scribbled on with various notes and big red X's.
"I don't want to fight you,
"Thank you," Tony whispered to the Doctor.
Steve used his shield to knock a Hydra agent out of the way. He vaulted over the banister, letting himself drop several floors and using his shield to break his fall. Bucky jumped down after him. Steve slowly rose to his feet, facing the long hallway that led from the stairs. The lights were flickering.
0 to 100 REAL FAST.
"Hey!" Sam had dived to the floor to avoid decapitation. "Watch it!"
Tony took a deep breath, "back in 2008, Obadiah put a hit on me. Which got me blown up during a weapons presentation in Afghanistan. The terrorists who were supposed to kill me decided that I would be more useful to them alive. So they kidnapped me and had another engineer they kidnapped fix me up." He put a hand over his facial prosthetic. "There wasn't much left of me, but they didn't care. They were determined to have the weapons I designed. As soon as I was mobile, Yinsen and I built the Iron Man suit, and I escaped. At the time, I still didn't know who had put the hit on me, and the world was convinced Tony Stark was dead. So everyone involved in my rescue decided it would be a good idea to stay dead." His eyes flicked to Rhodey.
Steve furrowed his brow. He had a very bad feeling about how Tony had phrased that last sentence. "We can help you, Tony. Whatever you need-"
"You never asked," Tony shrugged. "I don't know about you guys, but I'm going to make another pot of coffee. Who wants some?"
"Spidey! Let's go!" Wanda called. Peter tucked the picture back into his belt before walking out to meet her. The three headed along the empty subway tunnel for almost an hour before sunlight started trickling in. The sun had begun to set, casting a warm orange glow onto the city below. Peter held up his hand, shielding his eyes from the bright light. The area they had arrived at looked like some kind of junk yard. Wanda ripped a worn out tarp away from a group of motorcycles. "The quinjet is too easy to follow. Good thing Bruce hid these for us."
"No, I mean the spandex."
"I don't want to talk about this." Tony kept his back to Rhodey.
Bruce was doing his best.
"I am."
"Guys, I'm as concerned about Tony's wellbeing as you are, but I really don't think we can sit this one out," Natasha held up her phone, having pulled up her news app to see if the Avengers Assembly call was enough to warrant nation news. It was.
Iron Man went back to his workshop. Tony Stark was asleep at the workbench and didn't notice his armor walk right behind him. "Pathetic," the armor spat. "Humans are such weak creatures." The armor returned to its usual place among the other suits. "And oblivious." Ultron's consciousness left the armor, slipping back into the depth of the internet. Ultron had already come to the conclusion that he was the one to save humans from themselves. He had also realized that the Avengers posed a huge threat to mankind. They had done more damage than good in Ultron's eyes.
Hold onto your butts cause the next chapter is gonna be wild...
"Regular lie detectors aren't reliable. This is something designed by SHIELD. Please do not ask any more questions, Mr. Stark." The agent opened a file on their laptop. "Okay. First off, we have a few questions about your involvement in Chicago..."
"Yes, we've established that," Tony's human eye twitched. "Do you feel like living? Because I do. Follow me." He darted out of the room. A bot jumped in front of him, and he used the shield to knock it back. Acting fast, he raised his right hand and hit it in the reactor with his repulsor.
"What is that thing doing on the table?" Tony pointed his fork at Henry. The tarantula was hiding behind the butter dish, munching away on a piece of watermelon.
Above them, Iron Man was shining a flood light from his gauntlet. "Let. Him. Go." His voice roared over the rain. The suit he wore was completely different from the one he had just half an hour ago. He raised his other gauntlet, ready to fire a repulsor.
"He's going to be just fine. How much of the fight did you see?"
"The enemy already had us captured," Bruce reasoned. "Why break us out just to trap us again?"
still playing?"
Peter lay flat on his stomach, arms and legs stretched out. He lay perfectly still, listening. He knew the Vision would find him soon. He had doubled back and forth many times, and took sudden turns, all a desperate attempt to make it harder for the Andriod to find him. Every once in awhile one of his teammate's voices would drift through the vents, but he couldn't make out what was being said. Everyone was too far away for that. He was safe. For now. Henry sat a few inches from his face, staring at him with his many eyes. Henry made a chirping noise.
"Get what?"
Bruce Banner sat alone at a bus stop, a folder resting on his lap. It was nearly midnight, and the buses wouldn't start running for another five hours at least. And yet, one such vehicle pulled up to the curb. The door swung open with a loud squeak.
Steve didn't answer, continuing to pummel the bag.
"I was upset. I don't think that way anymore," Clint said. "I'm sorry. For yelling at you. You didn't deserve-"
"We have punching bags for a reason. You didn't have to take your anger out on yourself," Steve sighed. "Or your workshop..." he looked around sadly, knowing how much this place meant to Iron Man.
"Now's not the time, Vision," Steve said from the pilot's chair.
"Y-yes, sir." The assistant set the vial of black liquid on the desk and scampered out of the room.
"So you're the one stealing all my microchips...you little..." Tony went over to the desk and crossed his arms, glaring at the spider.
"Peter said Henry could speak Spanish," Clint defended himself.
"Too late," Steve chirped, a big grin on his face, "follow me!" Peter followed his second father out of the kitchen and away from the common area, unaware that there was another Steve still sitting on the couch.
"Some things can't be fixed, okay?!" Bucky shouted, making everyone jump. Steve stared at Bucky wide-eyed, surprised by his outburst. "They can't." Bucky dropped his head into his hands, a sob wracking his entire body. "They just can't." Rhodey moved over to him, wrapping an arm around the super soldier's shoulders. He looked like he was close to tears himself.
"I wouldn't do that."
"Don't talk to me like that," Peter growled.
"How sweet. Jesus Christ!" Tony nearly had a heart attack when Peter let go of him. The teen free fell for a moment before catching himself on a web. "Don't do that!"
"Don't worry, I won't let him." Steve went over to the bar, shifting glasses around. "Does it have a name?"
"What are the police going to say when we show them the security footage?" Steve said.
From the bottom of my heart, thank you all for reading and for showing your support! :D
"A little overrun, but nothing I can't handle," Steve responded, his grunts and punches coming through the comms.
"Your name is Peter. You also go by Spider-man," she untied him and brought him over to the ticket booth so that he could see his reflection in the glass.
Peter's panicked voice was barely above a whisper. "MJ, you gotta get out of Queens! Take your family and go! Tell Ned, tell everyone! And call Tony! He can help you get somewhere safe-"
Bruce raised an eyebrow as if to say, 'really?'
"What are you talking about? You have no business being in Queens right now." Tony frowned. "Our focus is still on Scarlet Bitch and Oscar the Grouch. Not crime fighting in Queens. The team needs you at full strength so we can make our next move."
"You don't want the big guy making an appearance down there," Bruce said. He looked at the mine shaft once more, the dim light barely making it more than a few feet inside. When they had first arrived, they all thought that this couldn't possibly be where the armored pair had gone. Bruce looked a the small tablet in his hands, double checking the signal from Rhodey's tracker. A tiny red light was flashing just a few yards ahead. Technically, the signal came from several hundred feet underground, but the map didn't show depth too accurately.
Peter froze. His spider sense had never spoken to him before. Or maybe it was his own thoughts? He was in too much pain to fully comprehend what was happening. Another dark thought crept into his mind. Memories flashed before his eyes. Memories of Tony Stark showing up on his doorstep, telling him that Aunt May wouldn't be coming home. And that Peter needed to come with him.
Iron Man called for backup anyway but didn't tell Spider-man.
Spider-man jumped into the air, bounced off one of the arms and punched Doc Ock square in the face. "Let's hope it's not! I kinda like this job! I get to eat ice cream with the Avengers. How cool is that?"
"I took it out because I don't like big brother watching me," Iron Man flicked the offending object across the table. The world security council had agreed to let Iron Man roam freely on the condition that a tracker be placed in him. That had been back when they first found him seven years ago and didn't know if they could trust him. Tony had made sure it was put in his prosthetic arm to ensure his identity be kept a secret. He hated the tracker from day one, as it made him feel more trapped than he already did. Tony ended up tearing it out when he was flying over the ocean last week. He had meant to go back for it, but had forgotten to do so. "I figured by now that I'd proven myself to you people. And that I could go without it for awhile."
"Who's room is that?" Steve asked suddenly. He and Tony were both in the work shop. Tony had made a new shield for the captain and had brought him in to test it out. The shield met Steve's standards, so Tony had taken it back to paint it.
"Because Tony was worried," Clint snickered. Tony sent him a sharp look.
"By what? Iron Man, what happened down there?"
"I've run into something," Jarvis said. "I'm unable to access the main documents we came here for."
"I don't need your help."
"I don't know! You'll be the first to know when we figure it out!" Tony shot back.
"I will. I'll do everything in my power to make this right, Ms. Potts. You have my word," Steve straightened up and saluted her.
"Answer the question," Clint snapped. "Can you feel pain?"
"WHAT THE FUCK?!" The archer yelped, falling backward in a tangle of limbs.
Broken, twisted metal littered the floor. Clumps of wires. Scorch marks. Ash forever painted on the walls. All signs pointed to an explosion. There was no way Obediah could have survived. Absolutely none.
Steve nodded, taking in the appearance of his teammate. Soaked to the bone, with black hair plastered to his forehead. Blood was oozing from a fresh cut on the bridge of his nose. The arc reactor was flicking. Steve blinked. The reactor had stopped flickering. Maybe he had just imagined it. "Is it okay for that to get wet?" He motioned at Tony's chest.
For a moment, no one moved. Bucky took a step forward, ready to physically pull them away from Tony if need be. Clint was the first to step away, the others soon following his lead. Rhodey squinted his eyes at the team, before also moving to the side.
"And I don't think it's physically possible for Vision to be mean to people," Peter's smile widened. "My family is a bunch of fuck-ups, and I'm going to beat Clint's ass in particular as soon as this is all over. But they're still my family, and I forgive them."
Steve chuckled at the two Starks, both upset and frantically waving their arms. He hummed to himself as he went about setting up the table.
"Fine. Whatever. Just stop pointing weapons at my friends," Peter threw his hands in the air.
Thank you for reading!
"He was..." Tony stormed over to the man. "Where did they take him?"
Steve ignored him. "What do you like to take pictures of?" He held the camera up to his face, looking at Tony through the viewfinder.
Peter has fucking had it, I tell you what.
"Like you wouldn't believe," Peter chuckled, uncovering his sandwich.
Bucky was the last to leave. "I'm sorry, Tony." He dismissed the hologram with a wave of his hand.
Steve shrugged, "Peter seems to think so. What's the plan, Spidey?"
Thank you for reading! I hope you enjoyed this one, it was a lot of fun to write!
"Yeah," Iron Man collapsed face first next to Steve. He moved his hands through the sand, the tiny pebbles pooling up between his fingers. "You?"
"Steve does. He saw you before we had a chance to change you out of your suit," Tony went back to swiping the digital paperwork.
"Tony can handle Stane," Rhodey had faith in the man he considered a brother.
The lamp over the workbench was swaying, making soft creaking noises. Movement caught Bucky's eye. Something darted under the windows. A humanoid shadow obscuring the light for a brief moment.
"Helmet?" Steve looked over at Tony. Stark jumped to his feet, knowing exactly what Peter was talking about. He darted to the other side of the lab, knocking a chair over and startling Dum-E in the process.
"He's still not answering," Tony whispered. "I got ahold of that girl. Michelle, was it? Peter's really close to her so I thought she would know...but she hasn't seen him. Neither has Ned. And he hasn't been to school. And the little bastard won't answer his damn phone."
"Liar!"
"Who are you talking to?" Wanda spoke from the background. Peter's response was muffled by the sound of someone grabbing the phone. "How'd you get my phone?!" Wanda demanded. A flutter of different sounds came through the speaker, possibly from Peter and Wanda fighting over the device. It was cut off by a loud smack, and a crash of something falling over. The line went dead.
"Remember the plan!" Spider-man yelled right before running off the jet. He jumped off the side of the building and web slinged around a corner. Iron Man and War Machine blasted after him, following him for a few blocks before flying off in a different direction. Their job one job today was to take down the Hulk.
Steve hadn't been all that friendly to Iron Man after that. But then Tony carried that nuke through the wormhole, and suddenly Steve was all friendly smiles and pats on the back. Apparently, he had proven himself to Steve. From there they had developed a strong friendship.
Natasha took his hand in hers, "I'm real. My friendship with you is real. This is real," she put his hand on a lamp post. "The love Steve and Tony have for you is real. I know what it's like to have someone mess with your head. I promise we'll figure this out."
"Okay...well, if you killed Peter then where's the body?"
"You were spacing out again," Peter stuck out his tongue.
"No."
It was Tony Stark.
"Yeah," Steve took a deep breath to compose himself. "Iron Man was being careless and messed up his arm. It just took awhile to put back together, is all."
"You thought you killed me? Cute." Obediah laughed. "No, you see when the arc reactor blew, I was sent...elsewhere."
Tony went completely still.
"Right." Tony cut off the jets, landing with a heavy thud. "Alright, Brucy, come on out and let's have a chat."
"Sure thing, Bucky-boy."
"We've lost him, Steve..." Tony sighed.
"He's going to be okay, Tony."
Tony had only been in the room for .5 seconds before decking Bruce in the face. Bruce stumbled back in shock. He threw up his hands to try and defend himself as Tony started wailing on him, knocking him to the floor and punching the ever loving shit out of him.
"Don't go, Tony. Please." Steve took another step towards him. He now stood directly in front of Tony, their faces inches apart. "I still love you." He leaned in for a kiss.
"I don't know."
"I understand," Osborn held out his hand for Bruce to shake. "I'll get him for you, you have my word."
A year later, Tony Stark once again held an infant in his arms. This time his hands didn't shake. He hummed softly to his grandson. May was curled up next to him, her eyes never leaving her new baby brother.
"You just really have it out for me, don't you?" Tony blasted into the sky, climbing several hundred feet before stopping. He hovered in mid-air, surveying the battlegrounds. Thor and Steve had been able to contain the fighting to a few blocks.
"What now?" Tony pushed off his desk, propelling his swivel chair across the room. He stopped abruptly at another table, where he picked up a tablet. He swiped through the charts on the screen until he found what he was looking for. "No..."
Tony spoke up, "I got the Hulk mostly contained-fuck. Nevermind. I can do this. Rhodes, go help the cap!"
"I...I understand..." Tony whimpered. "I get it...who could stand being around a fuck up like me? Can't do anything right. Ruined the one good thing in my life." The tears started rolling down his cheek before he could stop them.
"I SWEAR TO GOD, OSBORN! DON'T YOU DARE COME NEAR ME WITH THAT THING!!" Spider-man screeched, struggling against his restraints. He was tied down to a hospital bed, multiple tubes and wires attached to his body.
Peter looked around at his teammates. "Nope." He grabbed Henry and ran off.
“You have nothing to prove to us, Shellhead,” Steve whispered, shifting closer to where his ex was sitting.
"No," Peter agreed, raising his head to look at his arms. On both limbs, a single thin scar ran from the center of his palm, all the way to the inside of his elbow. He traced the one on his left arm with an index finger, "you never told me how these happened."
"I did. Made it easier to read heat signatures. Along with a few other things," he tapped Bucky's elbow. "You bumped something loose here. I'm gonna need to take your arm off so I can get to it easier."
"You're going to have to distract him."
Peter gave her a sad smile, "I'm not planning on dying."
Tony repeated the phrase. "Something my father used to tell me. I don't think he meant for me to take it literally. But here I am." He held out his arms, head cocked to the side.
Anthony.
"Unbelievable," Steve set Iron Man down on the couch. "I'm gonna go see if Pepper's still in the building. Don't go anywhere."
"You caused a lot of trouble for Wanda and I. Running off like that," Bruce's voice came in through Tony's speaker. "After everything we did for you? This is how you repay us?"
"I take it you have a plan," Steve said.
"Good," Clint sighed in relief. "We have enough fires around her as it is."
"Congratulations!" Thor clapped Tony on the back so hard he had to steady himself against the table.
"Mr. Parker, Doctor Banner has requested your presence in the medical wing," FRIDAY announces over the intercom.
"Give it a week. Maybe less. They look like they're holding it together for now, but I promise you that this is going to ruin the Avengers." Obadiah smiled cruelly.
"No, you're not. This match should have been over an hour ago. Let's break for lunch." Steve announced. "When we get back, I'll be your opponent."
"Trust issues," Tony said shortly. Spider-man crawled backward, pushing himself against the glass. "Get down here!"
"Hey," Peter said shyly, eyes dancing around her dress taking in every detail. "You look...amazing." The smile she gave him had Peter's heart melting. He was so hopelessly in love. And happy. He realized right then and there that he was, for the first time in a very long time, one hundred percent happy.
Tony focussed on his breathing but was failing miserably. Without his armor, he was the shortest man in the room. The upset Avengers were all towering over him, and for a split second Tony thought they might actually kill him. "I-I can explain-"
"We have a lead on what happened to Tony." Bucky reported. "We found something big-"
Steve jumped at the sound of Iron Man's voice. He looked over his shoulder to see the robot leaning in the doorway, arms crossed over his chest. How long had he been there?
"What about the Hulk?!" Natasha gasped, able to hear his roars from several blocks away.
Osborn lumbered out of the smoke, blood dripping from what was left of his mangled hand. "You'll pay for this, Spider-man..."
"There were no casualties. No injuries. No destroyed property other than that one building. The aliens were barely a threat. More annoying than anything-"
Peter's anguish had been replaced with raw determination. This was his body. His family. His girlfriend. And he'd die before he let anyone hurt any of those things ever again. Enough was enough.
"He understands when I shit talk him," Clint glared at the spider. Henry hissed right back at him.
"I doubt they are doing anything to him," Nick Fury crossed his arms. "He should be fine as long as he stays under Wanda's influence."
"Oh great, what did he tell you?" Peter groaned.
Peter bounced from person to person for the rest of the party, happily talking to whoever was available and showing off the picture of his parents.
"Steve! You're alive!" Clint threw himself into Steve's arms, only for the soldier to sidestep at the last second. Clint ended up falling face first onto the floor. "Meanie." He glanced up when he heard a familiar soft whirring noise approach him. Iron Man didn't say anything as he stepped over Clint.
"We're not going anywhere, buddy." Tony sat on the floor next to the bed. "How's this? Is this alright? Too close?"
"This isn't...me?" Peter looked down at the Iron Spider suit he still wore.
"He's got a point," Natasha commented.
One of the Avengers' doctors finally came over to them. "Peter is awake if you'd like to see him."
"No. But that doesn't stop her from picking fights with anything and everything that breaths. She's fought all of the Avengers. Even Vision. They go easy on her, but she fights with all she has," Peter chuckled, "you shoulda seen the look on Tony's face when she punched him in the jaw. Priceless!"
"Iron Man? What did that damn bot do now?!" Natasha snapped.
A blinding white light engulfed the Quinjet. And then everything went black.
Tony leaned heavily against his workbench, his palms flat on the wooden surface, shoulders hunched, back to his teammates. All around him were bits and pieces of what had once been his armor.
"Oh, I'm not getting you out. The other guy is," Bruce took off his glasses, his eyes already green. "I suggest you stand back."
Tony hung up.
"How did you even find this?" Bruce picked up the document, flipping through the pages one by one.
"Well, I do mind." Steve grabbed him by the wrist.
Steve let out a deep sigh. "They've been after him ever since the army found him wandering the desert. They wanted to take him apart and study him. But Rhodes and Pepper wouldn't allow that. When they couldn't have their way with Iron Man, they started viewing him as an active threat and did everything in their power to shut him down. Fury put him on the Avengers team without their consent."
"I'm okay with dying." Spider-man kept his gaze locked on the empty table.
"Do not," Steve shot Clint a death glare the moment the archer opened his mouth.
Steve corrected himself. Not a bot. Never was. Steve leaned his head back against the mattress. He tried to think of all the times when the truth had stared him right in the face, but he had chosen to ignore it. The first thing that came to mind was the "water in the helmet" incident. Son of a bitch had gotten drunk. That much was obvious now. Clint claimed Iron Man had sneezed once. They had all laughed that off as Clint having a wild imagination. The more Steve thought about it, the more instances he remembered in which Iron Man had acted just a little
Tony kissed Peter on the temple before leaving the room, closing the door behind him.
"How?" Bucky looked back over at his friends. Steve was sitting on the coffee table, holding Iron Man's hand tightly in his own. His free hand was stroked Iron Man's helmet, in an attempt to sooth the robot. Bucky sighed. That idiot was so hopelessly in love with Iron Man. Getting them to separate would be no easy task.
"You're not going to die," Tony said. "I won't let you."
"Well, he was last night. He and Clint were causing problems in my lab. Didn't you hear them? I had to get Vision's help to kick them out. Fucking punks." Steve laughed. He was about to say something when Tony's phone beeped. "Fucking group chat...sorry, better make sure this isn't an emergency."
"We don't know that for sure. Who else would have gassed Peter? The Goblin is the only one of Spider-man's enemies that use Biological weapons," Wanda pointed out.
"TWO." Tony boomed.
"Could be one of the look-alike bots," Clint glared at the pair that was still standing guard.
pain.
"With that body? Who wouldn't?" Natasha snorted.
"Mrs. Potts is on her way, Captain Rogers," Jarvis announced.
"Not until he fights back," Iron Man said right before his faceplate snapped into place.
"Because I'm the only one who's going to. Maximoff didn't corrupt me like she did the others. Fury will never let you people leave here alive. I have a jet ready to go up on deck." The man started running a bit faster.
Peter couldn't help but laugh at that. His phone buzzed, the words "Iron Dad" flashing on the screen. He ignored it.
"Did you hear me, Peter?" Michelle was suddenly standing right behind him.
"He's up. I don't think he'll be joining us for breakfast, though," Bucky said with a shrug. "He was awful upset about some stuff last night. I think he needs more time to calm down."
"Can I draw you?" Tony took a seat next to him.
Steve looked away when Tony started vomiting. "You must have had a bad dream, Tony. Peter was never here."
"Want to talk about it?" Iron Man asked, referring to the nightmare Steve had just had. This one had been pretty bad, resulting in Steve having a panic attack as soon as he woke up. Jarvis had alerted Tony of the situation, and Iron Man came as quickly as he could. Now Steve sat in Iron Man's lap, with the bots arms wrapped protectively around him.
Steve made a soft noise of agreement, but he wasn't sure what to do. The gray bot now had Iron Man pinned under his foot. Iron Man's armor was a wreck. It was littered with dents and scratches. There wasn't much paint left on it. The dim lighting made it hard to tell how well the other bot was fairing.
The rogue agent dropped the ramp and motioned everyone on board. Steve's face lit up when he saw his shield in one of the seats. Falcon's flight suit, Black Widow's stingers, and Clint's bow and arrows were also on the jet. The only thing missing was a pair of Iron Man suits.
"Tony..."
Peter smiled softly, watching his son vanish into the distance. Anthony hadn't had much of an interest in being Iron Man, much to Tony's disappointment. That job fell to May, who was already on the Mark 4 of the Iron Woman armor.
"Stark! What's the plan, buddy?" Steve called. His partner was currently walking in circles, rubbing his hands over his face.
"You didn't," Steve approached him slowly. "Hey, look at me." Iron Man refused. "Anthony..." Steve tilted the bot's head up. "It's okay. Well, it's not okay. Hurting yourself is not okay. But everything's good now, right? You're feeling better?"
"Your last name is Parker-Stark," Steve informed him. "Tony didn't take your memories. Wanda did. And your place is with us."
At first, Steve thought he was talking to him and Thor, but then Iron Man and War Machine stepped out of the shadows.
"You told me to keep my distance. So here I am, putting distance between us." He made a dramatic sweeping motion with his arms.
(See the end of the chapter for
"THOR! I swear to your father if this is your fault-"
Steve brushed his hand over Tony's and leaned closer to the shorter man, "you worry too much," he kissed him softly on the lips. Tony's eyes fluttered shut, enjoying every second of the kiss. He unfolded his arms and moved them around Steve. They broke apart when they heard someone gasp.
Natasha shot him a look, "Peter didn't know what he was doing."
"What's this do?" Steve threatened to push a button on the inside of the wrist.
"You don't know where you son is?" Natasha leaned forward in her chair, "I can't believe anyone would even let you adopt a child."
