Greg knew John would be more than embarrassed were he to be awake and listening, but Greg trusted his big brother, and it was actually a relief to be able to share what had become such a large part of his life with someone he knew cared for and supported him.
Sherlock slumped a bit deeper against the pillows, and John shifted until his shoulder became a pillow for the taller man.  Although they’d been intimate since starting their relationship, age regression had made them comfortable with the type of casual touch neither had previously been used to; this sort of comfort in closeness was new, and welcome.
“What’s it look like?” Greg asked as soon as he ended his call what must have been his second call.  He'd come from the direction of the motel office, where he’d likely been informing the manager that they would need to establish a perimeter.
John shook his head, and was grateful when Mycroft didn’t insist.  At times, discussing the nightmares allowed John a sense of control over them, but, at the moment, the dark images were too close, too likely to return were he to mention them.
It was the type of phrase which, coming from Mycroft and coupled with the fact that the man had gotten fewer than five hours of sleep the night before, had the effect of settling John just enough into the pretense of headspace to calm his harried mind and allow him to shift into sleep.
“--We won’t,” John said, then turned his eyes down to the floor as he crossed into the kitchen to put on the tea kettle.  “Thanks, though.”
Mycroft had provided John with few options.  He could reject the pull-ups, admit that he wasn’t little, and explain to Mycroft and Greg why he was pretending to be little, or he could continue playing along and agree to wear pull-ups for the day.
Sherlock felt the guilt settle deeper in his stomach.  He had kept Bunny from disappointment, but he’d still misled him.  Not bothering to correct him about what really happened that morning was as good as lying to Bunny, and that made him feel awful.  That wasn’t how a big brother was supposed to act.  He sighed and pulled away from Bunny’s touch to retreat towards the table, blinking back frustrated tears.
“I’m not hungry, Mycroft,” Sherlock said, glancing up towards his brother, who was tearing lettuce for the sandwiches.
Greg had finished his meal by the time Mycroft had ceased listing instances of John’s affected temperament.
“I should have been more attuned to your needs this morning,” Mycroft said, hands clasped in stoic stillness as he refused to acknowledge Sherlock’s claims with a response.  “I neglected to take into consideration your state of mind given the previous evening’s feelings of abandonment, and, although at the time I was required to prioritize government matters over your care, there were ways in which I could have attended to you while still dealing with this morning’s political demands.”
No, he couldn’t be little right now.  Not when he had Sherlock to watch over.  He’d just spent an entire weekend being young.  He could wait a few more days for Mycroft’s care.
It's been a very rough few days for me, but things are thankfully looking up.  Hope the world right now is bright and positive for all of you, as well!  Thanks again for your continued support--your comments and kudos really do mean so, so much <3
He tried not to take it personally when Mycroft and Uncle Greg chuckled.  Mycroft had promised him he’d never laugh at him to tease, that he’d never make fun of him while in little space.
“I don’t,” Mycroft said, taking a seat next to Greg.  “He may have been contemplating which age to be this morning, but as soon as the prospect of swimming came into play, there’s no question that Sherlock would choose an age that gave him a bit of independence.  If he were younger, he’d need supervision and coddling that would take away from his desire to swim and play.”
Greg chuckled at the boy’s earnestness, but had been thinking just a moment before that the boy really had made strides in playing well with others and allowing others to be themselves over the course of the weekend.  Sherlock’s growing desire to be a good big brother was endearing.
“We know Sherlock takes pleasure in wetting and even, sometimes, in the humiliation that comes with the act.  In practice, however, alongside others who have set plans in place and have expectations for his progress, I anticipate it’s all a bit too much to take in at once.  What has for years been a mainly private, free-form game is about to become a rather publicly regimented endeavor.”
His adult mind rationalized that Mycroft had surprised him with the spanking because he’d likely wanted to get the punishment over with before they left Baker Street.  It was likely his thought that a spanking at Baker Street could put a full stop to the events of the past few days, could put an end to the most recent unpleasantness and pave the way for a fresh start once they arrived at his flat.
“Uh-huh," Sherlock nodded, rubbing his eyes, "And ‘bunny’ sounds almost like ‘baby,’ and John-John’s bouncy like a bunny and he’s soft and pretty like a bunny.”
Sherlock was as clingy as ever now that he had seen Bunny get upset, but Bunny was relieved that at least he wasn’t going to be put in time-out for his little outburst.  He allowed himself to be led to the living room, where Daddy sat in the middle of the couch and helped Bunny up to his right side as he shifted Sherlock to his left.  He reached to run his fingers through Bunny’s hair, and Bunny put his thumb in his mouth and allowed himself to focus only on the feel of his Daddy’s fingers and his Daddy’s heartbeat, which he could hear if he rested his ear against his chest.
“You’ve done nothing wrong, kiddo,” he said, taking a seat on the edge of the bathtub and reaching for the boy until he was standing between his legs.  “But your tongue has an owie on it from your pacifier.  We need to give your tongue a bit of a break so it has time to heal.”
Greg hurriedly checked each of the surrounding aisles, calling John’s name with as much nonchalance as he could.  He didn’t need overbearing store employees to swarm down on him asking if he’d lost a child, because he wasn’t sure how he would even answer such an inquiry, and he didn’t want to scare John in case the boy was worried he’d be in trouble.  Both boys knew they were never to wander off when they were little and not in a safe space.
Sherlock was currently in the middle of adding a war plan to the back of his treasure map, scribbling furiously as he explained which was enemy territory and which was neutral ground.
It was something which had been on his mind all day: the impossibility of knowing the impact your words and actions might have on the children you cared for.  He was resigned in his decision not to reveal all about Eurus to Sherlock and John, but he could not help but question what would happen when the truth was eventually revealed.  He was no stranger to lying to his brother for the younger’s own protection, having begun the practice long ago, but there was no telling whether he had made the correct decisions along the way.
John could not help but dissolve into a new wave of tears.  Finally, he could be exactly what he’d been needing for days, now.  Finally he didn’t have to pretend anymore.
There was a comfort in having gained the lay of the land at Greg’s parent’s house; he knew where the bathrooms were and how to find quiet places for himself, and Greg’s mother had seen him verging on small and hadn’t batted an eye.  The smaller part of John’s mind was nervous about going to a new place so late at night, particularly given that he wasn’t exactly feeling the sure-footed adult at the moment.
Even if she did have the energy to fight her current gender identity, Papa and Daddy were cuddling her between them and calling her their good, sweet little girl.  They kept assuring her that there was nothing abnormal about her whatsoever.  It took quite some time, but their words eventually calmed her, settling her firmly into her current self, and Bunny’s emotions began to regulate.
“Shit,” John breathed after a moment, dropping forward to clutch his hands on the back of a spare chair.
“Can you tell Bunny I don’t want her to stop being a girl?” he asked.  “Can you tell her I want her to be what she feels and not give in to the bad thoughts that tell her to stay a boy, but I want her to be a quiet girl because I like quiet girls better?”
It was not only Sherlock and John who’d been busy and preoccupied since their last ageplay session; Greg hadn’t had a chance to spend more than the occasional morning or evening with Mycroft in the past weeks’ hustles of work commitments.  The men had, more often than not, been spending nights at their own apartments out of convenience and exhaustion, and Greg was looking forward to putting the kids to bed and having Mycroft all to himself in a few hours’ time.
“I said, ‘We should pick a movie that won’t scare the baby,’” Bunny explained after he’d finished cleaning his teeth and had spit into the sink.
Greg ran a hand along the back of his neck, and was clearly relieved to be saved by a group of nieces and nephews clamoring for his attention.  He crouched down and roared like a bear before chasing them out of the kitchen and through the living room.  John tracked their shrieking laughter even over the murmur of conversations happening around the house until Greg had circled back to him.  He ushered John away from his mother’s prying questions and began guiding him from group to group, introducing him to laughing uncles and smiling next-door-neighbors while the nieces and nephews--all dressed in holiday sweaters or sparkly dresses and still attempting to get their Uncle Greg’s attention--raced through groups of distant cousins visiting from abroad and coworkers socializing before they would trudge home to their own families.
Sherlock shook his head, ready to protest.  Mycroft had been far more patient than his busy parents had ever been.  He’d helped Sherlock, had been there for him when he was struggling to make sense of keeping his pants clean.   But Mycroft held up a hand to keep Sherlock from interrupting.
And then Sherlock heard the door that connected his room to Bunny’s squeak on its hinges as it closed, and he knew he was alone with Papa.
“Baker Street,” John managed after another kiss, sliding from the seat and retrieving Sherlock’s coat.
John liked when Mycroft used the word ‘potty,’ as if it were normal, as John he were young enough to still be potty training and Mycroft was the one training him.  The idea pleased him.
In no time at all, Mycroft was carrying a dry and dressed Bunny downstairs to the dinner table, where his clean baby blanket and stuffed lion were waiting for him.  Mycroft sat in his seat and breathed a sigh of relief.  His little bunny was clean and warm, and his little brother was happy--Mycroft could hear him giggling in the kitchen as Greg did funny voices to entertain him.
“I have to go again,” John said, quietly.  He wasn’t sure Mycroft would believe him.  He wasn’t even sure he was telling the truth.  He could feel a fluttery feeling in his tummy that may have been tinkle but may just have been nerves because Mycroft was about to leave him alone.
John could sense that Greg was worried about his state of mind.  The Detective Inspector's concerned gaze, searching and a bit skeptical, followed him as they entered the office of the motel that had become a location of interest in the case.  And when they realized upon entering the specified motel room that they’d stumbled upon yet another gruesome crime scene, Greg’s furrowed eyebrows only set deeper.
“There’s nothing to be afraid of, love,” Mycroft assured.  “Uncle Greg and I are just in the next room. If anything happens, you can either come to wake us up or you can go to sleep on the cot Uncle Greg made up in Sherlock’s room, whichever you prefer.  I'm proud of you for being brave enough to try to sleep in your own room, but remember there's nothing wrong with asking for help if you need it, okay?”
“Not a baby,” he insisted, pressing himself against his Daddy, who was running his fingers along his spine.
Mycroft did what he could to school his frustration.  Sherlock was not choosing to slip; he was overworked and overtired, and anxiety about the visit to their parents and, more likely than not, about being away from what had become the stabilizing presence of John, was likely not helping his little brother remain level-headed.
Mycroft rubbed his hand over Bunny’s hunched back, and, after sitting quietly for some time, was rewarded for his patience.  The boy turned beneath the blankets and poked his nose and one eye out from under the sheet to look up at Mycroft.  His face was a red-streaked mess of tears, and Mycroft could tell the boy was sucking his thumb.
But Bunny did not want to wear the headband.  He no longer felt like a girl, that part of him suddenly boxed away as he worried that he’d ruined everything between himself and Sherlock, as he worried that he would never see his brother again.
Bunny reached for Willa gratefully, calming significantly once the beloved toy was in his arms.  He allowed Mycroft to change him without much fuss at all, choosing the pull-up instead of the diaper because I can be a big boy, Daddy, promise.  Mycroft hadn’t wanted to shatter the kid’s confidence by suggesting that that may not be the case at the moment.  While Sherlock was used to the diapers, they hadn’t ever been a part of Bunny’s age regression, so if the kid wasn’t ready for them, Mycroft knew it was best to stick with what would make him most comfortable.
But Mycroft glanced toward John and, when he caught his eye, he seemed to realize how much the boy needed him.
Mycroft refrained from sending back a joke about Greg’s sappiness.  Hell, he’d had the same thought multiple times throughout the day.  Maybe he would finally agree with Greg that they should spend the holidays together and split the time between families next year.
“Dinosaurs, Dinosaurs!” he called, seeming fully conscious of his surroundings for the first time since coming down for breakfast.
“Do you think we could start this over from the beginning?” Mycroft asked, speaking softly, his chin resting atop Sherlock’s head.
Thank you for all of your wonderful comments--I promise to respond to all of them as soon as possible!
“He just wants your approval,” Greg said, taking a sip from his own mug of coffee.  “Is it so hard to give it to him?”
“Yes, you were aged up at the time, kiddo,” Daddy said, eyes softening a bit.  “But that doesn’t excuse the behavior.  Not only did you choose to self-soothe by over-consuming alcohol, but you placed yourself into a rather reckless situation.  You’re lucky you weren’t seriously injured.”
John shrugged, then nodded.  “It's the pull-ups,” he said.  “And my head hurts.  Didn’t get much sleep.”
Daddy thought it was best if the telly stayed off for the time being, so Bunny sat next to Sherlock on the floor, where the younger boy had returned to his earlier activity of building with colorful wooden blocks.  Sherlock glanced up at Bunny when he sat down, pirate pacifier lodged firmly into his mouth.
John sighed, not realizing until that moment that it was exactly what he had needed to hear.  Even so, he was not sure he could fully believe Mycroft until they had spoken further.
Greg was more used to reading bedtime stories than he was used to coming up with stories on the spot, but he knew they were close to sleep, and a few drawn-out sentences would likely settle them.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft warned.  Sherlock reluctantly showed his face once more and removed his thumb from his mouth, wiping his eyes against his forearm.  He could not help but glance towards John every few moments; it was clear he was distressed that the man was there.
“I’m not a buddy, anymore,” Bunny said, taking Mycroft’s offered hand.  “Uncle Greg said I’m a princess!”
Sherlock regretted asking for the band aids.  Mycroft was too close, and the kitchen was too quiet.  He tried to pull his hand away, not wanting to give Mycroft the chance to initiate a conversation, but Mycroft reached out to hold his wrist firmly, placing the band aid adhesive-side up on the table before beginning to peel off the last of the non-cartoon bandaids.
I'm so sorry it's been such a long time since I last posted!  I've been dragging my feet about writing this chapter, really wanting to finish up the story in a way that you would all enjoy.  I'm still not entirely happy with it, but you've all been waiting long enough.  This is the last chapter of "Weekend at the Lake," but I hope you'll all follow the Little Brothers Mine series and read the next stories, too.  I have a lot of ideas for follow-up stories that I'm excited to get started on!
In some part of his consciousness, Sherlock could sense that his bigger self wouldn't like Bunny's nightshirt or new pull-ups, that his bigger self would tease or dismiss.  And although the voice in the back of his mind--the voice he heard when he was a little bit older and didn’t need diapers or as many Mycroft cuddles--tried to make itself known, Sherlock couldn’t help but admire Bunny’s new nightshirt and the soft colors of his training pants.  He was littler than usual, and, for once, he didn't think there was anythign wrong about thinking that Bunny--mussed hair in need of cutting, dressed in a princess nightgown, and wearing a pink and purple pull-up--looked beautiful.
Mycroft could not help but smile at the over-dramatic nature of children, the clear division between adult and child John.  More than amusement, he felt relief that he once and for all had his little Bunny in his arms, even one who was wet and upset.
“Sherlock, bud,” Papa said when he was close enough to place them on the table and glancing towards Bunny, who was now staring towards the ground.
John opened his mouth once more, but she held up a hand to silence him before returning to the trunk at the end of the bunk bed.  She rummaged around until she'd found an old black and white plush dog, which she placed on the mattress beside him before leaning down to kiss his forehead.
“Juice, please,” Sherlock said when Mycroft was finished, reaching out his hand for the sippy-cup on the counter.
“You’re alright,” he said, grasping John by both shoulders to stabilize him.  “Breathe.  You’re safe.”
“It’s nothing,” he said, twisting the empty pint glass in his hands.  But Sherlock did not speak, and John was forced to glance up at him.
He sneezed and rubbed his nose on the back of his wrist.  Maybe Mycroft was right and he and John were actually coming down with a cold.  And even if it was only the suggestion of illness that, at the moment, was causing Sherlock to feel congested and foggy, if John truly was sick, Sherlock certainly wasn’t immune, not after making out for so long the night before.
Sherlock watched the clock and forced himself to sit still in his seat as their father began playing christmas carols on the piano.  He prided himself on remaining in control; he may be vacillating between wanting to kick over the coffee table in a huff and wanting to throw himself into Mycroft’s lap to cry, but he would not lose control.
As much as this was making sense to John, there was an awkwardness to talking with Mycroft about his and Sherlock’s private life.
“Help, please,” he said, and Mycroft wrapped an arm around John’s shoulders and guided him to sit on the bed.
I'll probably come back tomorrow to check for typos and any other issues I haven't caught--it's late and I need sleep or I would have given it one more read before posting, but I wanted to get it posted as a thank you for your wonderful comments!
Bunny nodded, and she rested in Papa’s arms until her tears--tears of happiness and joy as well as tears of relief after the confusion and doubt of the morning--had come to a stop.
“Oh, sweetheart,” Mycroft said.  “I’m sorry for that.  I know you’re not a baby.  It’s just that sometimes I can’t help but think of you as my littlest boy, and that means you’re my sweet baby.”
Had they been in Sherlock’s bed, the mattress would not have been of concern; Sherlock’s plastic mattress cover had been securely tucked onto his bed long before John had even moved into Baker Street.  But John was not prone to bedwetting while he slept, except for the occasional accident while in headspace.  They almost always shared Sherlock’s bed when they were little, and, as such, John’s mattress was unprotected.
“You’ve been there for your big brother throughout it all,” Mycroft continued.  “And you know what?  That’s how a big boy acts.  I’m proud of you, Bunny.”
Although he disliked seeing the man looking so upset and vulnerable, he had to admit it was a relief to see John in his smaller headspace.  Mycroft had been worried since leaving him earlier that evening.  Now, at the sight of his youngest kid, the weight of stress he’d been bearing began to slip away.
“Back then?  Off and on for three months.  Over time, it became clear he was in a healthier state both physically and mentally, and he began going for longer stretches out of his younger headspace until one day I woke to find he had left.  After that, there were times he would appear after the letdown of a case, needing the comfort of ageplay, our...arrangement, as you call it.  But otherwise he was very much improved.  I haven’t seen him like this in at least a year and a half.”
Mycroft steeled his facial expression so that he did not betray any emotion that might discourage John from elaborating.
Mycroft and Greg took their respite from the boys as a chance to clean the lake house and pack the bags.  They moved throughout the house setting things right, checking beneath couch cushions and under beds to ensure no beloved toys were left behind.  Mycroft began packing the car while Greg went to wake the boys and send them to use the loo before the long car ride.
John stood up from the bed with Mycroft’s help, and the wet hem of the nightgown fell to stick to his legs above the knees.  He was too spent to to anything but wait for Mycroft to take charge.
Sherlock squirmed, and Mycroft knew they had reached the end of the boy’s patience, could sense there were too many thoughts raging in Sherlock’s mind.  They would have to continue the potty training discussion at another time.  At the moment, it was time to put a stop to the negative thoughts crowding Sherlock’s psyche, time to allow Sherlock to escape into a clearer, simpler headspace brought about by discipline and vulnerability.
John didn’t want to get up off the couch, and he certainly didn’t want to use the bathroom.  But Greg had figured him out, and John knew he wouldn’t let him off that easily
Bunny didn’t cry, however, and Mycroft worried that John’s previous experience with injury as well as his ability to stoically deal with lingering, chronic pain would render the spanking ineffective.  His fears were put to rest, though, when, as soon as he was let up, the boy clambered into Mycroft's lap and pressed himself into his arms, mumbling apologies, desperate for affection.
Greg had cleared away the lunch dishes and was sitting at the kitchen table, waiting.  He’d made coffee, and a cup sat across from him at the table. Mycroft sat in front of the waiting mug, nodding his thanks.
“Don’t stop,” he whispered.  He reached blindly backward to grab John’s thigh, trying to pull the man closer against him.
Sherlock glanced down at his feet, happy to play the chagrined kid if it meant he could distract from what he had really been doing behind the closed door.
Thanks for all of your lovely comments on the previous chapter, loves! I finally had a day off, so I was able to work on a new chapter for all of you.  This story is coming to an end (probably only one or two more chapters), but I already know what I'd like the next story of focus on (we get a bit of a hint in this chapter), so I'm generating ideas and beginning to plan.  Bunny's gender identity will still be explored in new stories, but it won't be the main focus of them in the way it was throughout this story.  Let me know if there's anything else regarding Bunny's gender identity that you'd like to see before this story finishes up!
Feigning sleep would have to be the trend of the night; he hadn’t brought pull-ups and knew he was too close to headspace to keep his bed dry.  John had suggested he bring them, told him there was no shame in it and that he was bringing some along for his own trip, that he’d better be safe than sorry.  But Sherlock had been too intent on denying his shifting headspace to take heed, and had ended up shouting at John to leave him alone, something he now felt rather stupid and remorseful about.  John had only been trying to help, had seen last night what Sherlock had, at that point, still been refusing to acknowledge.
Bunny looked up at him and shrugged, and Greg could sense that the boy was feeling a bit non-verbal.  He couldn’t wait to gather the boy into his arms and give him the comfort he deserved.
“I’m not sure they have that one in your size,” he said, nodding towards the nightgown in the girls’ section, “But let’s say we see what they have that would fit, okay?”
But Greg was glancing back and forth between the road and John as he parked the car, and he was frowning.
Now, however, Mycroft wasn’t so sure Sherlock would last that long.  There was an edginess to Sherlock that he’d seen far too often, an edginess that meant Sherlock was already fighting headspace.
Mycroft rolled his eyes, smirking at his boyfriend’s mimicry, but flicked on the telly and began scrolling through their movie options until he found something appropriately young and colorful.  He passed Greg the baby bottle of juice he had prepared earlier, then helped Bunny switch their pacifier for a sippy cup.  It was only a matter of minutes before Sherlock, tilted against the armrest as Greg fed him his juice from the bottle, was asleep.  Bunny was not far behind, dozing against Mycroft’s chest almost as soon as his sippy cup was empty, after less than half an hour of the film.
Sherlock huffed as if John’s words had proven his point, and Mycroft hummed something noncommittal.  The men were both stubborn, but even their adamant proclamations that they would not need a caretaker that evening could not hide from Mycroft the younger selves hovering far closer to the surface than either would like to admit.
This chapter is dedicated to Hermione_Snape1894, who asked for a bit of encouragement to get through finals and a cold.  I'm so sorry I wasn't able to follow-through until more than 20 days later, HermioneSnape, but I hope this chapter will still give you some comfort now <3
“Ah, none of that, now,” Mycroft said, catching Sherlock’s eye from across the kitchen and crossing the room with a wet dishcloth.  “That’s dirty.”
Mycroft was a bit taken aback.  Young Sherlock tended to err on the side of selfishness, as did his older counterpart.  He had certainly grown in this regard--due in no uncertain terms to introducing Bunny and Greg into their little ageplay world--but Mycroft was still not always prepared for Sherlock to take an interest in others.
“Come on, come on,” he mumbled to himself, trying to dig his fingernail into the tight knot of the drawstring to find a way to loosen the ties. “Please.”
John slipped his mobile back into Greg’s pocket.  His nose was running from the cold, but he stepped off the porch and began trudging down the front walk.  He wasn’t ready to return to the bustling crowd inside, and, now that he wasn't stranded on a cold metal bench, he was rather enjoying being outside in the snow.  Snowy weather was quiet; it always felt a bit like the world was washing itself clean.
Bunny was tearful and timid when Greg returned with a change of clothes.  His arms were wrapped around himself in a hug, and he looked rather pitifully small.
John knew Greg couldn't invite himself and John back to his brother's house prematurely.  Even so, he felt his patience waning.  He’d been good all day; he’d waited out in the cold for hours and then he’d been big and polite and had done nothing but smile as he met too many new people and watched Greg’s nieces and nephews play and climb on
“I don’t know, buddy,” Mycroft said, and it was quite possibly the most honest thing he’d said all day.
“Just one second, baby,” Mycroft said, attempting to comfort the boy yet knowing if he took the boy back into his embrace he’d never get him changed.
Greg sighed and turned the key in the ignition.  The kid had been under a great deal of stress; he could forgive a bit of dismissiveness for a time.
Sherlock leaned into Mycroft’s touch on his cheek, then yawned.  Mycroft shifted down on the mattress and gently pulled the boy to lay against his chest.
“He’d started wetting the bed again, something we thought he’d outgrown when he was twelve except for his periodic slip-ups here and there."
His Daddy sighed, and Bunny could tell that he was contemplating whether or not to send him back for another time out, as he sometimes did when Sherlock refused to acknowledge what rules he had broken.
Papa was floundering, unable to give Sherlock what he needed.  Sherlock needed Mycroft before he broke down completely under the weight of the bad thoughts.  He needed to be talked down to, he needed to be shoved deeper into headspace.
Sherlock had known as soon as he opened his eyes that morning that it was going to be one of his bad days.  They came consistently but without much warning, settling him into a form of hopelessness he had trouble navigating.  If he had been back at Baker Street and not in headspace, he would have locked himself in his bedroom and tried to ride out his distress and apathy with the help of drugs or, on his worst days, self-harm.  But he had not woken up at Baker Street, and he most certainly had not been in an adult headspace--it was fairly hard to consider aging up while lying in wet pajama trousers in bed with three other men.
He had been the one to let John in on ageplay.  He had been the one who accepted John as another caretaker and then he had even been the one to bring John’s own need for care out into the open.  He had gone and given John his nickname and thus created the cuter, less difficult than Sherlock, Bunny.  He had allowed John to understand the level of comfort of which Mycroft was capable and allowed Mycroft to understand how nice it was to have an affectionate and pliable little.
“I don't have to wear them?” Bunny asked, and Mycroft grinned at the boy’s need to clarify once more.
“If you suck your thumb?  Not at all.  I’d prefer pacifiers to a thumb as I believe them to be more sanitary, but if your thumb brings you the most comfort, that’s fine with me.”
Sherlock somehow sensed when John had finished wetting, and, moving his hand and guiding John on top of him, he again raised his hips.  The bulk of Sherlock’s soiled pull-up pressed John’s against him with a wet squish, and John nearly came right then.  They moved slowly this time, Sherlock rolling his hips tantalizingly slow as John’s eyes slipped closed and leaned into the pressure.  John was barely conscious of his own whimpering, overcome by the sensory overload of it all.
He shouldn’t have done it.  The paper dolls had been right next to his new Lego set, and he’d been so mad and frustrated over the morning that he’d been tearing them up almost as soon as the thought had entered his mind.  But it had been wrong of him.  He’d known the moment his fit of rage dwindled and he was left kneeling in the living room among remnants of ruined paper dolls that it was quite possibly the naughtiest thing he’d ever done.
When Mycroft entered 221b Baker Street, it was to the sound of Sherlock’s cries.  He settled the grocery bags onto the table in the kitchen, where John was making lunch.  Sherlock was collapsed in the kitchen, on the ground in the corner next to the refrigerator.  He was throwing a bit of a fit.  He turned to look at Mycroft when his brother entered, then screamed louder.  Sherlock looked pitiful, his hair mussed and his face a mess of tears as he dissolved into a new rush of crying.  John was apathetic to the tears, which Mycroft knew signalled that the man had already had a trying morning with his misbehaving brother.
John nodded his head.  John, when in headspace, was rarely without his thumb in his mouth.  Sherlock continued to be chastised for the act, but even Sherlock understood why John was not.  There were different rules for different children, even in the same household, Mycroft had explained to them.  Sherlock wanted and needed to be put in his place far more often than John.
Mycroft doubted Sherlock had gone to the loo since the night before.  Road trips and Sherlock’s bladder were not friends; Mycroft had learned from a very young age to be observant when in the car with his little brother.
It was while they were passing through the children’s clothing section that Greg first noticed Bunny paying extra attention to an item they were passing.  He slowed his pace and followed Bunny’s gaze to a nightgown in the girl’s section, pink and blue with a bunny on the front.  Of course.
“Sherlock,” John said for the second time in as many minutes, interrupting Sherlock’s discussion of whiskey barrels.
“Just…” John stood too quickly and had to close his eyes against the dizziness and the nausea.  “Give it to me, Sherlock.  You’re not going to eat any more of it.”
And then it was not a question of waiting for permission, because there were sniffles and tears sounding from within the bathroom.  Greg sighed as Mycroft turned towards him once more; it was not hard to ascertain what had happened.
“Pull-ups are okay by me,” Mycroft smiled, and Uncle Greg ruffled his hair to signal his own agreement.
But, hunched in the closet and breathlessly waiting to be punished, Sherlock could see that he’d made a whole string of bad decisions.  He shouldn’t have taken his own frustrations out on Bunny, who was just trying to find happiness, and he should have talked to Mycroft when he had the chance instead of pretending he didn’t want breakfast just to be difficult.  He was disappointed in himself, and he felt the pull to be little stronger than ever.
“Call if you need anything,” Mycroft reminded him, unable to keep from a bit of mother-henning.  “And get up and take a shower before you miss your train.”
John was glad when Greg wrapped his new baby blanket around John’s shoulders and then picked him up without asking if it was okay.  He needed to be held right now.  He needed the comfort.  And Greg was good at hugs and at lifting John up.  Maybe even a little better than Mycroft, because he was stronger.  That made John cry harder because he felt guilty for thinking that Greg was better at holding him than Mycroft.
John sighed.  “I haven't done that since I was a kid,” he said, a touch of anger in his voice which Mycroft knew John directed inward towards himself.  “I'm embarrassed. What if people saw?”
John attempted to ignore the blush coming to his cheeks in order to follow Sherlock’s train of thought.
If he was really going to guard against all of Sherlock’s judgment, he knew he should switch out his stuffed rabbit for his stuffed lion and the new butterfly pull-up Daddy had dressed him in after he’d praised him for using the potty for a blue one, but he couldn’t bear to part with rabbit or his pink pull-up.  They both made him feel safe and strong and himself.  He’d just have to hope that taking off the most conspicuously “girly” item would keep away Sherlock’s sneering looks.
“Go away,” he sneered as he crossed to sit in the chair at the opposite end of the table from Mycroft.
He rubbed at his tearful eyes and then bent down in an attempt to reach towards the pacifier in the footwell.  He wanted the comfort.  But Daddy reached into the back seat  to pick up the pacifier before Bunny’s fingers could close around it.
“Of course not, love,” he said, hefting the boy onto his hip once more.  “Daddy’s a little tired, but that’s all.”
“I need you to take care of Bunny for me,” he said.  “He needs a new pull-up, which will embarrass him, but he’ll be okay.  You should be able to get him back to sleep for a few hours, which will--”
“No more juice upstairs,” Mycroft said, and Sherlock shrugged as he climbed into his chair for lunch.
He peed strong and fast into his jeans, soaking himself and Sherlock’s thigh, which was still pressed against his crotch.  John’s cheeks blazed, but Sherlock’s pupils were dilated as he leaned forward to kiss John, a hand finding John’s crotch as the final trickles of liquid darkened the fabric of his trousers.
Sherlock fussed a bit more, but allowed Papa to help him into the bath.  He was tired of worrying about how to fix his mistakes, tired of replaying what he’d done again and again in his mind.  He slumped into the bath with a sigh, then leaned his head onto Papa’s hand where the man was resting it on the lip of the tub.
“Sorry about that, Bunny.  I’ll just go and wait for the take-away to arrive while you get dressed, okay?”
“Can you do me a favor, Bun?” Greg asked.  He had set the boy down onto the pavement of the parking lot after giving him one last squeeze.
Mycroft, wanting to take the attention away from a now clearly anxious John, had made the statement purposefully, knowing it would set Sherlock off into screams of protest.  They had spoken with Sherlock about the bedwetter pants they had begun using as pull-up diapers for a few weeks now, and the man had agreed to their use out of practicality and for their ability to keep him young.  They made him wear one any time of the day when he miscalculated and wet himself, and Mycroft suspected his brother rather liked them.  Although Sherlock did have genuine bladder control issues after years of not paying attention to his bodily needs and overestimating his ability to hold it, Mycroft knew there had been a time or two recently where Sherlock had wet himself purposefully in order to be put into a pull-up.  Sherlock rarely asked for affection, and being changed into a pull-up after wetting allowed him to feel shamed yet cared for, Sherlock's perfect combination, Mycroft knew.  That didn't mean, however, that he didn't rail against them while in headspace.  Little Sherlock had never been fond of being made to feel babyish, and had always been fond of throwing tantrums.
It's such a relief when a chapter comes easily and I know the exact direction I want to take the narrative.  This one was basically fully formed in my mind when I sat down to write it (a super welcome relief after the past 4 or 5 chapters of this story, which felt a bit like pulling teeth), and, as a result, you're all getting an update much earlier than expected.
“I assumed Sherlock would sink lower, after what he said this morning,” Greg said, making his way towards the water with Mycroft, carrying beach chairs for themselves and sand toys for the boys.
Also, I promise I haven't abandoned A Little Training.  I will get back to that story eventually--just having a lot of fun writing this one at the moment.
“It’s alright, Mycroft,” he said, characteristically forgiving the moment he was confronted with kindness.
“No, Daddy!  I’m ‘wake,” Bunny said at once, sitting up and once again rubbing at their eye.  “Wanna movie!”
And finally, in the safety of the space and in the comfort of Papa, he cried.  He cried for his sister's thoughtlessness and for the stress of travelling.  He cried for nightmares of Mycroft and Sherlock and for the shame of his wet pants.  He cried for the warm family Greg had contrasting to the distant relations John barely knew any longer.  He cried because he'd never known the type of Christmas Greg's mother had given to them all and because of the guilt he felt over wishing he'd been raised in the Lestrade household.  But most of all, he cried because he wanted to be home, because there were too many worries to process at once.
“I’m afraid we’re going to have to take a bit of a break from your pacifier, little Bunny,” Greg said, patting the boy on the cheek to signal that he could close his mouth.
“He’s about to piss himself,” he said, turning back to face front, and John immediately swore, telling Sherlock to fuck the hell off.  He was not in the mood to deal with Sherlock’s antics, and his anger came fast and harsh.
“Go on,” Mycroft said, clearly taking in the information but primarily allowing John the space to process his own thoughts.
He knew John found it easier to accept care than to ask for care, and it was clear the man needed care right now.  Mycroft was not about to sit back and let the man suffer out of some stubborn pride or self-consciousness.  He could not keep from thinking just how small John had sounded on the phone.
But that day had been busier than even the others before, and John had found himself in the backseat of Greg’s police cruiser late in the afternoon, tired and hungry and catching his breath after the pace Sherlock had made them keep all day.  He was grateful for the moment to gather his thoughts and process, but he was also immediately made aware of the weight in his bladder, and he could not help but bend forward at the waist, suddenly desperate.
Mycroft could concede Greg’s points.  If John were simply creating a character to play while in headspace, if he were using feminization to keep himself at an arm’s length from his true younger self, it was unlikely he’d have been quite so hurt and ashamed by Mycroft’s rejection of his wishes and excitement, so personally threatened by the prospect of displeasure.  It was unlikely he’d continue to risk teasing from Sherlock and the potential rejection from Mycroft or be so emotional while stating his plans to reject them and "be a good boy" if these were not true, deep needs.
After another quick glance to the door and a moment where he paused to check for any noise coming from the hallway, he took a pull-up from the drawer and tossed it onto the bed beside the joggers.  He then made fast work of peeling his now cold, wet jeans down his legs, followed by his sopping underwear.  His cheeks pinked when he realized that even the bottom hem of his t-shirt had gotten wet, so he stripped it from his torso and used the dry sections to wipe between his legs, not finding any wet wipes nearby.
“Just to clean up,” John said, voice firm albeit a tinge amused, shutting down any hints Sherlock may be dropping about other activities they may get up to in the shower.  “It’s best if we talk before Mycroft and Greg show up on our doorstep.”
Mycroft heard the front door open and a bounding up the stairs that could only be Sherlock.  He had let Lestrade take the boys to the zoo for the morning, and as much as he hadn’t liked to admit it, he had been nervous.
“I couldn’t make trouble and stay little,” he said, hoping Sherlock would understand and squeezing his eyes shut against the John-like flashes of overthinking attempting to crowd his mind even then.  “I had to just think about staying little.”
Mycroft had the boy washed, dried, and dressed in a pull-up and his Little Mermaid nightshirt-- “Boys can wear mermaid nightshirts, too, Daddy”--within twenty minutes.
“You’re such a mess," he said, knowing Sherlock was close. “Nearly wet clear through to your pants.”
Mycroft could not help but feel concern for John’s state of mind.  He knew the man had come to terms with his desire to wet himself, but John had been clear with Mycroft that he was not ready to admit or show this to Sherlock just yet.  John had not wet himself since the morning after Greg had babysat, and Mycroft was concerned that Sherlock manipulating John into a diaper might be a bit too much too soon for the doctor.
Bunny was interested in getting a closer look at Sherlock’s diaper, wondered how long Sherlock would wear them.  His Daddy had mentioned he would put Bunny down for a nap in the big bed with Sherlock; maybe Bunny would be able to crawl under the covers and see if Sherlock had wet himself, too.
Mycroft had, with John’s permission, explained to Greg what John had admitted to after wetting himself at the zoo, that there was a part of him that had enjoyed it, that he was interested in exploring more.  It had calmed Greg a bit in the days following the zoo trip; he had been rather distraught over John’s accident at the zoo because he had felt responsible in many ways.  Mycroft had found it endearing how apologetic the man had been.  He had clearly been concerned that Mycroft would be angry, that he would interpret John's accident as a sign that Greg had neglected care for the boys in some way.  It also meant that Greg had been somewhat prepared when John subsequently wet himself the night they were alone and he was babysitting, which had been a plus as it had made for the least amount of stress on John's part.
“Not a baby,” Sherlock said, but he accepted the pacifier Mycroft held to his lips and, when Mycroft held out Dimitri the dinosaur, who he had rescued from where he had been tossed across the room, Sherlock latched onto the plush creature and tucked him beneath his chin.
John nodded, but he made himself small against the headboard.  It was the fastest he had aged down in quite some time, and, although happy to be young, Bunny was reeling a bit from the shift in his mindset.
“I didn’t like that she wasn’t letting me be better and letting me choose the games like usual,” he said.
Greg nodded and stood from the couch while the previews began.  He returned a moment later with a sippy cup filled with watered down grape juice (a Mycroft rule involving lowering John and Sherlock’s sugar intakes), which John thanked him for and began drinking from eagerly.  He hadn’t said anything to Uncle Greg, but he had missed his sippy cup at dinner, when Greg had just given him a regular glass of water which John had drunk very carefully so as not to spill.
Mycroft snorted into his pillow, and Greg could not help but kick his boyfriend under the covers.  He didn’t need to be given Mycroft’s
You've all left such wonderful comments--they're so encouraging to me.  Thank you!  I'm about to go to sleep, so I don't have time to respond to them all right now, but I promise I will start to respond as soon as I can tomorrow!  For now, please know that you're all so appreciated.
“Sherlock, I’m sorry,” John said once Mycroft and Greg had left them alone in the kitchen.  “Not telling you was…”
“I’m not a baby,” Bunny argued, feeling his upset shifting into anger before he could censor himself.  “You’re the baby!”
The wind blew aside the curtain on the window, and in the room’s shifting shadows Bunny saw something crawling on its belly to peek out from beneath the bed.  He screamed.
And, although he gave a spectacular eye roll, Mycroft pulled it onto his head with a relenting sigh.
,” Mycroft teased as he helped Greg clear away the remnants of the take-away after Greg had sent the boys off with chocolate oranges to wait by the Christmas tree for presents.
“He’s not doing well,” John said, needing to process his concern for his boyfriend, imagining him fitfully tossing and turning in the room across the hall.
John cleared his throat and ran a hand over his face, reaching for the remote and turning up the volume on the telly.  He needed to keep himself in the present moment.  Sherlock glanced up with a pointed look that John was not in the mood to process or respond to at the moment.
“Do you want to tell Daddy what’s going on?” Mycroft asked, softening his voice and taking a seat next to Bunny on the couch.  “I might be able to help, baby boy.”
“I’m not a baby!” Sherlock argued around his pacifier, but Bunny turned in his seat and waved to the lake house through the window before pausing, seeming to realize just what Mycroft had said.
Mycroft shifted the boy until he was sitting in his lap, Bunny’s legs draped over the side of the bed.
“It's not a diaper,” Bunny said in one final attempt to hold onto his pride.   But it was no use, and he cried louder as he realized for the first time that of course Sherlock was right; the pull-ups had never been anything but diapers disguised as something else.  He was nothing more than a baby, just like Sherlock said.  Bunny held himself and twisted his legs together, but it was no use, and he stood, crying, as he started to wet his pants.
Mycroft joined them at the table, placing a sandwich in front of Papa before taking his seat.  He brought Sherlock a sippy cup of juice and set it before him, making it clear with a glance that he expected it, too, to be gone by the time lunch was finished.
He sat sideways, cuddling into his brother, closing his eyes as he rested his head on Mycroft’s chest.
“Alright, goofball,” Greg said, drying Bunny’s hands and bending down to let the boy climb onto him from the step stool for a piggyback ride.  “Let’s go find your silly Daddy and your silly brother.”
Mycroft was pleased to find himself in the midst of a calm moment at the lake house.  Sherlock had fallen into a light sleep at the kitchen table where he sat in Mycroft’s lap, and Mycroft, knowing Sherlock must not have slept for longer than fleeting stretches of time the night before, was hopeful that once John and Greg had left to run their errands, he could get Sherlock back to bed for some much needed sleep.
He glanced over at Greg, who was nodding, and squeezed his hand.  Mycroft’s attention turned back towards the lake.
Sherlock and Bunny had to be reminded to clear their plates and empty sippy cups to the sink before racing each other upstairs and to the attic.  It wasn't nearly as decrepit a space as Mycroft had made it out to be.  The attic was cluttered with old boxes and it was definitely dusty--Bunny immediately began sneezing once they had climbed the steep staircase into the darkened space--but it wasn't any more cluttered or dirty than the attic at Baker Street, where Mrs. Hudson kept far too many knick-knacks and tea kettles and her former husband’s albums of collected stamps.
He tried once more to yank his hands from Daddy’s grasp, but Daddy clucked his tongue and tightened his knees around Bunny’s legs to keep him in place.
“You’re wearing a pull-up?” Mycroft clarified, not seeing any wetness spread across the seat or Sherlock’s pajama trousers.
His heart beat. He was too adult to ignore the bit of guilt he felt knowing he was contemplating willingly peeing himself all over Greg’s backseat, but he knew that, were he ever to question John’s motives, Greg would understand.  Papa just wanted his boys to be content, and John knew wetting his pants in the backseat of Greg’s car would almost certainly settle him quickly into an embarrassed, snivelling headspace.
“Would you stop asking questions and just get over here, already?” he asked, sharp and biting.  “He’s clearly in a state.”
Mycroft did not hear a response, and nothing seemed out of place in the room.  He was about to turn and resume his search upstairs when he heard the slightest hitch of breath, and then a sniffle.
Bunny ducked his head, hunched where he stood as he pulled at the bottom of his t-shirt, holding Willa in one arm.  He really should have stopped in the loo on his way down the hallway; the attention and the embarrassment were making him squirm.
“Sorry, kiddo,” Greg said, shrugging on the shirt and hurrying across the room to press a kiss to Sherlock’s temple as he buttoned it hurriedly.  “Not this time.”
Okay, anyway: **WARNINGS** this newest chapter does feature NSFW play between John and Sherlock.  They are fully adult but the scene is basically all diaper/wetting play, so fair warning if that's not your thing.  I'm also sorry that I didn't come back with a cutesy ageplay chapter like I know a lot of you would have probably hoped for.  What can I say? apparently the lack of human connection over quarantine has put my mind in the gutter.
“I missed you,” Greg told the man, leaning down to kiss him once more.  “Even if you have been a stubborn arse all afternoon.”
There was a sudden fear but a welcome, blissfully quick shift into his smaller headspace, urine streaming fast and strong into and through his pants.
“Daddy, maybe...maybe you could ‘mind me to use the potty?” he breathed at last.  “And, and maybe...you and Uncle Greg could check to see that I haven’t hadda accident?”
Mycroft allowed himself to fall back against Greg’s solid strength for a welcomed moment, then pulled away and crossing back towards his desk.
“You gotta speak up, bud,” Greg said, praying the issue was one he could solve without leaving the comfort of bed.
"It’s been quite some time since it has come to this,” Mycroft said, hand wrapped around the cup of tea resting in front of him on the kitchen table.  His shirt sleeves were rolled to his elbows and he smelled of bubble bath and laundry detergent.  He looked far more ordinary than John had ever seen him before.
He scrambled from the bed.  He didn’t know what he needed, didn’t know how to stop this current bout of uncontrollable fear and overwhelming anxiety.  In a fit of desperation, he pulled open the bedroom door, and suddenly he wasn’t alone.  Mycroft met his eye and climbed to his feet from where he had been sitting on the floorboards, resting against the wall across from the bedroom door.
Initially, he was confused as to why he was sleeping in Sherlock’s room, but as he came into himself he vaguely remembered resting in Uncle Greg’s arms, half-asleep, as Sherlock insisted that Bunny sleep in his room so he could prove just how responsible of a big brother he could be.  John had been too tired to care where he was put to bed, having been moments from sleep since Uncle Greg had first begun reading the new storybook he had bought them after dinner.  Amazingly, the man had managed to find a children’s book about a Bunny pirate.
“You’re getting a punishment as soon as we’re home,” Greg said, grasping the bags in one hand and John’s upper arm in the other as he dragged the man out of the store and towards the car.  “Definitely time-out, Possibly worse.”
“You don’t have to take anything out of it if you don’t want to,” Greg explained, remaining as calm as possible as he turned onto the road, contrasting John’s building frustration in a tactic he generally reserved for the more volatile Sherlock.  “It’s there just in case.”
He found the boy’s earnestness rather endearing.  That said, John was not in a position to immediately transition back down in headspace.  Mycroft may be perpetually nagging him for his ability to shift out of headspace far too quickly, but it had never been said that John shifted too quickly
John nodded.  “It’s okay, actually.  I like being Sherlock’s younger brother, and his teasing solidifies that role for us.  It’s never malicious, although I do wish he would stop calling me ‘baby.’  I’m not a baby.”  It was clear the term truly bothered John.
I wanted to take a moment to thank you all for reading, commenting, and sending support and encouragement.  This story has been such a joy to write, and has really provided comfort for me (as I hope it has for you as well).  Your feedback has been wonderfully validating, and for that I am truly grateful.
“Pacifier?” Mycroft said over Bunny’s head as he caught Greg’s eye, barely more than a mouthing of words, and Greg, nodding, carried Sherlock into the kitchen where he knew there was a package of new pacifiers in the cabinet.  Bunny’s favorite pacifiers were upstairs, but it was perhaps best that he get the kid a new one, as Bunny tended to favor one or the other of his stand-bys depending on gender.  Greg found a white pacifier with green stars on it, what looked to be the least gendered in the package, and carried it back to the living room.
He was wiggling about frantically, too focused on pushing Papa away and rutting into his wet diaper in his attempt to hold in his wee to realize he would be in big trouble for hitting and kicking.
“No,” Sherlock whined, but Mycroft shushed him with a none of that, now, and Sherlock relented, allowing himself to be pulled onto his lap.  He could not keep the tears from forming, and he decided to stop fighting, turning his face into Mycroft’s shoulder as he cried.
“Sherlock, what did you mean when you said you didn’t like Bunny when she wasn’t “normal”? John asked.
Mycroft pulled Greg close and began knotting the man’s tie as Greg tucked his shirt into his trousers.
Sherlock seemed a bit lost in thought, but Mycroft reached to stroke the boy’s cheek to reassure him.  Sherlock caught his eye once more, and Mycroft knew he was ready to listen once more when the boy nodded.
“Everything okay, Bun?” Mycroft asked as the kid pressed themself close, and Bunny nodded, slipping a thumb into their mouth.
“No,” Bunny said as he felt his feet fall out from under him and found himself reaching to clutch the edge of the bathtub beside the toilet in order to stabilize himself, bare bottom exposed over his Daddy’s lap and tears falling even before the first smack.
"Won't feel it," Sherlock said, voice pleading, almost a whine.  His right arm reached out to cling to the front of John’s shirt, and the man was crying once more.  “I just want you to do it.”
Greg didn’t seem to mind.  In fact, he was really fun while giving John his bath.  He rolled his shirtsleeves up to his elbows and plunged his forearms into the water to play with the toy boats and toy fish and toy mermaids that were John’s favorites, making funny voices and stories that made John laugh.
I'm working on responding to all of your comments, but I'm about to head out for a bit, so it may be later tonight or tomorrow!  I promise to get to them all asap because I truly value all of your wonderful comments!
“I have Willa if I need her,” he said quietly, attempting to play down the fact that he already needed the silly plush rabbit, that he’d been longing to have her in his arms all day and the dog had been a poor attempt of a substitute.  “Let’s go down and say goodnight to your parents.”
Greg swallowed a string of nasty language and grabbed tissues from a box across the room on the desk, sopping up as much liquid as he could.  He left the tissues to absorb the sticky medicine and pulled back the sheets and blankets in order to help Bunny out of bed so they could visit the bathroom.  But as he moved to lift the boy out of bed, he noticed a portion of the boy’s nightgown darkening, and a spreading wet patch on the sheets beneath where the boy lay.  Greg sighed for what felt the twentieth time since being woken up by Sherlock.
“Honey,” Uncle Greg said.  “You can wear a pull-up to the store if that will make you more comfortable.”
“Hey, buddy, I’m not mad,” Papa said, reaching to take both of Sherlock’s nervous hands in his own.  “I was just wondering because you have a rash, kiddo.”
“I’ve been wondering what impact the weekend will have on their relationship,” he said, and Mycroft nodded, reaching for Greg’s hand in a rare initiation of contact.
They both knew John wasn’t doing okay.  He was exhausted and emotionally drained and had spent the entire day struggling against headspace.  But, for the moment, John was safe with his Papa and happy to have Willa in his arms.  He shrugged, then yawned, knuckling at an eye that was itchy with tiredness.
EDIT:  New Ficlet uploaded on tumblr 2/16--heed the tags, as it's a tad bit different than most of my posts!
“Not too old for Dimitri, then,” he said, pulling the plush dinosaur from its place on the couch and placing it onto Sherlock’s lap as he brushed mussed hair out of his brother’s face.
“If Sherlock used the loo,” Papa said, looking steadily at Sherlock, who could not help but squirm under his steady gaze, “then, yes, Bun.  He gets to choose a sticker.”
It was only a moment later that John’s bladder released and he began peeing his pants full-force.  John stopped breathing and did not make a sound as he wet himself.  The hand between his legs became soaked in warmth as urine spread through his underwear and into his pajama pants.  He knew he should tell Greg, knew he should get up off the couch, but instead he remained as still and as quiet as possible, flooding his pants and the couch cushion and feeling, more than anything, content.
Bunny stayed on the floor to the left of the couch, having an elephant climb a tower and then, with a glance towards his brother—snuggled tight and comfortable in his Daddy’s arms—reaching out his arms to knock Sherlock’s blocks to the ground.  It wasn’t fair that Daddy snuggled Sherlock.  Who would snuggle Bunny?
Bunny was supposed to be helping take care of Sherlock while he felt younger than usual, but he couldn't focus his attention onto his brother without wondering if it was his fault Sherlock had woken up sadder and younger than usual, if he'd brought about his bad day.
“Loneliness may be the easy choice,” Greg said, pressing himself close enough to kiss Mycroft on the cheek.  “But it’s not worth it in the long run.”
“Need him, Daddy,” John said, voice quiet.  He was feeling a bit non-verbal at the moment, struggling against the adult thoughts trying to enter into his mind which were currently difficult to process.  He hadn't meant to call Mycroft "Daddy," worried that Sherlock might hear, not ready for Sherlock to know, but he was feeling a bit too young not to signal to Mycroft how much he needed him.
“Hon, I can understand why you're angry.  Things are bound to shift when a family gets a little bigger.  But I hope you don't really mean that why you say you hate your little brother.  Because he loves you very much.”
Mycroft shifted away from his caretaker role, knowing neither man appreciated being babied while not in headspace.
"How long ago did you take the drugs, lad?" John asked.  Sherlock was acting the way some of John’s youngest patients acted when they were injured.  He knew if he didn’t want a complete melt-down, he would need to speak softly and with encouragement.
Thanks for your kudos and wonderful comments!  Special shout-out to Pantera72 for reminding me of the ways John would more than likely react to Sherlock's distress, which allowed me to up the stakes for Mycroft and Greg in this chapter.
John’s hungover mind was spinning a bit as he attempted to process Sherlock’s litany of points.  He wasn’t entirely sure how he felt regarding the events of yesterday now that his mind was not numbed by alcohol.  In headspace, it had all felt so comfortable and right to identify as female, but, as soon as he'd aged up, he'd been forced to stifle thoughts that he’d acted irrationally, that he'd drawn unnecessary attention away from Sherlock.
Mycroft should have seen this coming.  He’d been so focused on the boys being sick and on Sherlock being extra young that he’d failed to identify the confusion going on in Bunny’s mind.  The kid hadn’t been railing against Mycroft’s endearments throughout the day because they labelled him a baby; he’d been railing against them because they’d labeled him a boy.  How had Mycroft been so entirely off the mark?
Hope you're all well and thank you all so, so much for your support and kind words after each update! I seriously have the most amazing readers! :)
Mycroft sighed, beginning to piece together a tentative outline of events based on the snippets of Greg’s texts he’d caught while scrolling, the state of Sherlock’s bedroom, and a bathroom strewn with shrugged off clothes and bath toys.  He owed both Sherlock and Greg not only an explanation, but also, he was beginning to understand, an apology.
But his Daddy stood from his spot on the couch and was too focused on gathering a sleeping Sherlock into his arms to do anything more than half-glance towards Bunny.
Bunny shrugged and then nodded, attempting to put on a brave face, but he soon dissolved into tears once more.  He had been so happy just a short time ago, confident and glowing with a sense of self.  Now, he couldn’t help but feel that he’d ruined everything, that what he loved most about being little was being threatened.  All he could do was cling to his Papa and cry, closing his eyes and wishing he could start the day over again.
Bunny nodded, climbing from Daddy’s lap and scrambling towards Papa.  He pressed himself against the taller man, needing the contact, and Papa hugged him close as they used magnets to stick first Bunny’s and then Sherlock’s chart up onto the stainless steel of the refrigerator.
And then, in the midst of Bunny’s wailing sobs, Mycroft finally understood what was upsetting the boy.
It was a gamble, given that Mycroft was as adept at deductions as Sherlock, particularly when it came to John or Sherlock, both of whom Mycroft could generally read quite easily.
"My, do you think Santa came to London?" Sherlock asked, the thought striking him as he thought about how wonderful it would be to be home at Mycroft's with John and Papa and Dimitri.
“You can be little if you want to be,” Bunny said.  He turned over his shoulder towards Greg.  “Right, Papa?” he asked, and Greg nodded.
Greg knocked on the door to ask if everything was alright, obviously having heard the commotion, and Mycroft called that they were just fine as he rubbed John’s hand and told him he was a good boy.
Greg had done the majority of the shopping, and had been making purchases in preparation for their little family Christmas since before Halloween.  But Mycroft was proud of the few gifts he’d picked out himself, and he knew Greg would set the radio to Christmas music and, wearing a Santa hat--Greg had managed to produce a second one only moments after Mycroft had agreed to wear the ridiculous thing himself--ho ho ho while he passed out the gifts, determined to make the entire ordeal just as special as the kids deserved it to be.
“Watch the attitude, brother mine,” Daddy said, voice unhappy.  “If you do not wish to participate, you will not be forced to, as I told you when we last spoke.”
The forecasted afternoon rain began just as both boys were being settled into their respective bedrooms.  Bunny lay taut with worry and distress under the polka dotted sheets as he listened to the pattering on the windowpanes, clutching his blanket and stuffed lion to his chest.
“I’m sorry, Papa,” Bunny whispered after they had been rocking for the better part of twenty minutes.
He helped Sherlock to his feet and gave the boy one final tap to his reddened bum to get him moving.  Sherlock obeyed, stepping to put his nose in the corner.
“It really is all a bit much, isn’t it?” she asked, looking at him carefully and causing John to shift where he sat once more.  Her eyes were reminiscent of Greg’s at his most caring: warm and somehow all-knowing.
John held his hands up to show he meant no harm, then leaned forward as far as he dared to drop the bills onto the sidewalk.  The man glared, but reached a foot to drag the money close.  John ran a hand through his hair, setting it right again, nodded one more apology, and turned to walk away.
, the thing taunted.  He could hear it breathing a chortling laugh as he sat, soaked to the skin in quickly-cooling urine.
“Well, why don’t you hop on up here and let Ariel help you open up your surprise before dinner, okay?”
“Can you take his temperature and give him some pain medicine for his head and throat?” Daddy asked.  “I’ll check on Sherlock.”
“So it’s not the items he’s concerned about,” he proposed.  “It’s specifically a female figure.  And he’s...what? Worried it will unsettle you in some way?”
“Well, kiddo, what do you think?” Papa asked as he came back towards the table.  “Want to help me put your chart up on the fridge?”
This chapter is basically angst and accidents, but it does introduce a few questions that will begin to be answered in the following chapters.  I have a sense of what's coming next, just need to find the time to get it all on paper!  That said, if you have suggestions please send them my way!
“Okay, Myc,” Sherlock said.  He turned to glance at John beside him, and was surprised to find the man blinking up at him, awake.
“Uncle Greg said I had to,” he mumbled, but Sherlock had already moved on.  He was pulling on a pair of white and black striped trousers far too big in the waist and a blousy collared shirt which ballooned out at the arms.  He strung the shirt on over his own pirate shirt, the long-sleeved t-shirt that Sherlock was rarely without when in headspace.  He found some old pieces of rope which he tied around his waist as a belt.  More than likely he thought a pirate wouldn’t have used a real belt.
It generally worked to appeal to Bunny’s sense of being grown-up and his sense of being a good brother to Sherlock, but Mycroft could see that today was not the ideal time for that tactic.  The boy became even more frustrated.  He glared at Mycroft and threw his sippy-cup to the ground.
Sherlock squirmed under the praise, but Mycroft could sense it settled his brother in a small way.  It made sense that Sherlock would need a way to keep himself young while out in public where there were additional distractions which could more easily pull him out of headspace.  He was just glad the pull-ups had not leaked, as they were very close to doing.  Lestrade did not deserve to take care of two sets of wet pants.
Mycroft must have been sleeping deeply to not have been woken by John’s nightmare.  It was rare that John’s post-traumatic stress emerged while he was young, but it wasn’t unheard of.  The man’s dreams were forceful and gruesome; Greg must have either wanted to spare Sherlock from watching while John was calmed, or spare John the audience.
A part of him was terrified that, were he to admit to Greg what had upset him, Papa would just confirm that it had been all his fault, after all.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and groaned, but snatched the juice and granola bar from Papa’s hands before stomping towards the staircase in a dramatic show of displeasure.  He only stopped his stamping feet when Mycroft warned him he was close to losing his screen time privileges.
“I help, Daddy,” Bunny mumbled, still half-asleep but shifting a bit to wrap arms and legs around Mycroft in a way that meant Mycroft could easily stand with the kid and follow Greg upstairs.
It was nearly eleven by the time Mycroft arrived at Baker Street.  Greg had planned to come along, worried after both John and Sherlock had left Mycroft’s flat the previous day, but he’d been called away just after breakfast.
The chair rocked them back and forth, and, with a contented sigh, Sherlock at last gave into his younger self.  He allowed his mind to go a bit fuzzier, concentrating only on the feel of Mycroft beneath him and the back and forth motion of the rocking chair.  He was comfortable and for the first time in what felt like hours did not feel on the verge of dissolving into a coughing fit.  He hoped Mycroft would never make him get up out of the rocking chair.
Sherlock nodded, and Mycroft now understood why Sherlock hadn’t wanted to change out of his pajamas for the car ride.  He must have been feeling rather vulnerable to want to wear his nighttime pull-up on the car ride.
Sherlock's was about to say that, statistically, the chances of running into someone you knew in a small town of minimal population were actually greater than running into someone you knew among the millions of residents of London, but his brain was moving faster than he wanted it to, so instead he tried to calm it by watching as Bunny contemplated.  Besides, it was clear Bunny was deciding between following his instincts and go or letting himself be stifled by the fear of being found out and staying.  Sherlock's statistics lesson would not help Bunny give in to what he could see he really wanted.
“Bunny had a nightmare,” the boy said around the thumb in his mouth, curling up beside Mycroft and letting his head fall into his lap.
“My bag’s packed upstairs, Mycroft,” he said, running his forearm across his face.  He was currently big as well, then, and although affected by the alcohol, not nearly as irritable as Sherlock.
“I wonder if the kid needs to learn to show his anger a bit more while in headspace,” Greg said after a time, easing them out of a comfortable silence.
He patted Bunny on the leg to signal that he needed him to stand up, then led him to the green desk beside the bureau, gesturing for the kid to sit.  Trusting that Mycroft had stocked the kids’ desks when he’d first set up the rooms for their little selves, he rummaged in the drawers until he found a pad of paper and a ladybug pencil, which Bunny gasped at, clearly unaware that such a colorfully fun item had been inside his desk all along.
“Papa was just teasing, kiddo,” Papa said, voice softer as he dropped a kiss onto Sherlock’s head.  “Your drawing is beautiful.”
“Yeah, okay,” John called after a moment, reply muffled.  He was characteristically aggravated at being woken, which caused Mycroft to smirk fondly.  “I heard you, Mycroft.”
It's been far too long since I've updated, and this was written fairly quickly (read: unedited--hope there aren't too too many typos!), but please enjoy!  Sending love to you all and thanking you for your kudos and comments.
“That's alright, kid.  We’ll get you all cleaned up in a moment, okay?  Right now your Daddy has to say goodbye.”
“Kids lie,” Greg said, shrugging as he stood to reach a piece he fit into the bottom left corner of the puzzle.  “He was embarrassed, is all.”
He had a half-formed fantasy of going to Mycroft after it was done and letting his big brother deduce what had happened, of forcing him to pay attention once and for all.
It was a relief that some of the tension had left Sherlock’s neck and shoulders over the course of the meal, but as John stood to clear the dishes, he could sense that the man’s now unoccupied mind was racing once more.  Sherlock was playing along with John’s current whim, acknowledging the roles they sometimes shifted into.  But he was still more adult than anything, and clearly a bit unmoored.  John needed to give him direction, reassurances that he would not be left to his own devices, if he wanted to help the man settle down in age.
“Want you, Daddy,” John said despite knowing it would be impossible for Mycroft to come home at the moment.
“If you’re crying, then I’m stopping the timer, Sherlock,” Mycroft warned, placing his fingers on the dial.  Sherlock sucked up the tears and, with a furrowed brow, turned back around towards the wall.  Mycroft let the timer remain ticking on the table.
“John, please listen to me,” Mycroft said in the voice he used when at his most sincere.  “You have not done anything wrong.  It was my decision not to tell Sherlock about the development in our relationship until I deemed him ready.”
“Thank you, Ma,” he said, pulling her in for a hug.  “This world doesn’t deserve you, you know that?”
There was concern in his voice when he spoke to Greg on the phone while he was driven to his apartment.  Greg was still at the precinct, finalizing paperwork and dealing with media inquiries now that the case was over that would keep him busy late into the night.
But the power he’d felt and the thrill he experienced as he gave into his vindictive streak were nothing but momentary flashes of adrenaline.  And, after it all, he was left not with superiority and revenge, but with a sobering guilt.  The teenage angst that had plagued him when he’d picked up a glass shard wavered into helplessness.  Blood stained his sleeve when he yanked it down to hide what he’d done, and all he could think about was how much trouble he was in.
“How can you be sure?” Mycroft asked.  “Isn’t it just as likely that he’s using this as an alternate little personality, as a way to keep from fully finding his true self in headspace?”
Mycroft contemplated the picture the two of them made on the bed.  Was it possible John was already feeling young again, that things with Sherlock had gone well enough to allow John the peace of mind he needed to slip down in headspace once more?  It wouldn’t be entirely out of the question.  After all, they had come to the lake house with the intention of keeping the boys young for the entire long weekend.  It was only Friday morning now, and it was feasible that John, after having set things right with Sherlock, was eager to return to extended little time.
“I’m not little, Greg,” he said, willing Greg--and himself--to believe it as truth.  “I could use a bit of distraction, if I’m honest.”
“I don’t need a piss,” Sherlock argued, still refusing to look at Mycroft.  “But if you’re caught short and need the services, be my guest,
“John,” Greg said, stepping close to place a hand on the man’s shoulder.  “Why don't you stay?  We can talk later, once the pirate's gone up to bed.  Mycroft will explain, and we'll make a plan.”
“I snuck down around the back hallway to his office.” Sherlock glanced up at John with a pleased-with-himself self-confidence.  “It wasn’t particularly difficult once I’d made it down the stairs.  He and Greg were too busy joking about Anderson’s likely age regressor tendencies to notice anything amiss.”
Bunny giggled and nodded as Mycroft handed Greg the new flannel nightgown--yellow with a fuzzy bunny on the chest.  He was grateful the boy was too tired to question the pull-up Mycroft helped him into, and things felt a bit back to normal once they had a clean, sleepy kiddo in his nightgown lifted back into a smiling Greg’s arms.
Mycroft had surmised this train of thought already, had anticipated Sherlock’s lingering feelings of inadequacy and insecurity when it came to any attention lavished on John.  They were feelings they had been dealing with since John first joined in on their ageplay but particularly since the weekend at the lake when Sherlock had learned that Mycroft was Bunny’s Daddy.  He'd never expected Sherlock’s insecurities regarding John’s participation in ageplay to vanish overnight; Mycroft simply had to show the boy how loved he was and hope the words would sink it eventually.
Sherlock shrugged.  The boy was getting antsy; he would not put up with conversation and coddling for much longer.
The decision was taken from his hands when Papa’s brother was suddenly approaching the bottom of the stairs.
What was more confusing was why John kept thinking back to the day when he wet himself at the zoo, why he felt excitement when he thought about the wet spot he had left on the couch the night before.  But John did not feel entirely comfortable chatting with Mycroft about wetting himself, especially because, deep down, he knew there was another element to this desire, something far from childish.
John smiled across the table to encourage Sherlock.  God knows John had seen his fair share of coping mechanisms in the midst of the soldiers he treated in Afghanistan.  Although he had never seen ageplay used on the field, he was aware of it as a treatment method for PTSD or anxiety.  It was strange to find his best friend engaging in the lifestyle, but he could already imagine just how beneficial this was for the usually surly and overstimulated Sherlock who often felt the weight of the world on his shoulders.
He had taken Mycroft upstairs, insisting they give the boys their alone time to chat after the cuts on Sherlock’s hand from the broken window had been cleaned and bandaged, albeit not without complaining from a still disgruntled Sherlock.
Mycroft sighed and took a seat at the end of the bed so that he was facing John, patting John’s leg where it rested beneath the sheets.
It was why, when Bunny walked up to him with a toad clasped in his hands, arms outstretched and a goofy grin on his face as he called out “Froggie, froggie!” over and over again, Sherlock did not join in Bunny’s celebration but knocked the smaller man’s hands away and then knocked his shoulder against John as hard as he could.
The tensed muscles in John’s body began to relax a bit, and John’s countenance was a bit less downtrodden.
Mycroft drummed his fingers against the edge of his rocks glass.  Greg got out of his chair and crossed to the man, stepping close and wrapping an arm around his waist from behind.  He was no longer able to ignore the worry--perhaps the fear--hidden behind Mycroft’s eyes.
Sherlock whined, glancing down towards the red splotches on his skin and realizing that the pain he’d assumed would go away when he was stripped of the wet pull-up was still raw and painful.
“Sherlock?” he asked, immediately awake and alert as he sat up and clicked on the bedside lamp.  “What’s wrong?”
“Enemy flag sighted!” Sherlock yelled, and began shouting orders in accordance with his plan of attack.
John knew Sherlock was sensitive about wetting himself, especially as it had been happening with frequency over the course of the last few days since they had begun this most recent session of ageplaying.  Since learning of the habit from Mycroft, John had begun to notice when Sherlock was too engrossed in an activity or thought process to regulate full control over his bladder.
Bunny was chewing on his thumbnail and rubbing tears from his eyes, but he pointed towards the pull-up after very little consideration.
“You’ve been squirming around desperate for the last half hour,” Mycroft argued, struggling as Sherlock tried to push him away.  “You think I don’t know when you’re at your limit?”
Bunny turned to glance up at Mycroft with wide, excited eyes.  Sherlock huffed and crossed his arms over his chest, glaring at Mycroft as if it had been his idea to invite the Detective Inspector.
John was tentative about being included; it was clear Mycroft was attempting to make Sherlock comfortable with John’s presence while he was little, but John had not yet imagined just what role he would play in the relationship between Mycroft and little Sherlock.
He ducked behind the door to shield himself when John hurled a pillow after him, then peeked out from behind the door to smirk until John rolled his eyes and told him to stop being so damn cheeky.
“Sentiment,” he said with a sneer, but there was understanding in his eye when he glanced up at John, a joke about the ways in which Sherlock stubbornly refused to acknowledge just how much he loved his boyfriend.
Sure enough, John could feel a steady stream of pee releasing into his underwear and then his jeans, streaming down his right leg.  He was unable to stop himself, stomach muscles aching from being tensed with laughter.  He was too exhausted and too far gone.
Mycroft ignored Sherlock’s tantrum.  He’d successfully pulled the focus away from a frazzled John, who for his part seemed to be far away in thought, not paying any mind to the stomping, growling Sherlock darting about the room.  Mycroft would need to watch John’s mannerisms and temperament to gain more information.  Was it possible Sherlock was onto something? Would Mycroft be looking after a younger version of the doctor sometime soon?  He had to admit he was rather intrigued by the idea.
But Sherlock had either not heard Bunny’s request or was choosing to ignore it to prolong his own game.  He was crouched on all fours drawing a treasure map, having earlier rushed downstairs to grab crayons and paper.  He had left Bunny alone in the attic, and Bunny sat for a long time before he started to worry he’d been forgotten.  He thought about leaving, but he was scared there were ghosts or monsters in the dark corners of the attic that would grab him if he moved.  Eventually Sherlock’s loud footsteps in the thick boots he had pulled on to complete his pirate costume had come at last, and Bunny had breathed a sigh of relief.
“Papa, can I come, too?” Sherlock asked, still perched in the corner but craning his neck to look over his shoulder.  “I want to go to work with you, too.”
“It’s okay,” he said, and Sherlock suddenly brightened, smiling as if freed from the weight of his bad behavior.  He reached for the plastic mermaid and kneeled on the bathmat to place her next to the others, lined up along the edge of the tub, as Bunny began explaining the game he had been playing with them.  Mycroft stepped in before Sherlock and Bunny got too far involved in the game.
The day before had been such a wonderful mix of cuddles and pacifiers and diapers and back rubs that Sherlock had been upset to see it end.  It had been quite some time since Sherlock had sunk that low, and he had gone to bed content, with fewer worries than he’d had in months, contemplating the idea that, although he had started the transition to an older boy, he may just let himself off the hook by allowing himself to go back down to being extra little for one more day.
“I didn’t wet the pull-up,” John said quietly into his cup of tea before taking a sip to keep his attention anywhere except on Mycroft.
The fact was, Bunny had been feeling like a girl since coming to his Daddy’s house, maybe even since having the accident in Sherlock’s bed and hiding in the closet.  He didn’t want to be a boy today; his skin felt prickly and too tight when he thought about being a boy, and that prickliness had been nagging him on all day, taunting him and making him act naughty.
He began rather gently, easing the kid into the punishment with periodic hits to each side of his bare bum, enough to begin to settle Sherlock’s racing mind before increasing the intensity of the spanking.  Soon, Sherlock was whimpering, writhing on Mycroft’s lap with each hit.
“Come here, Bun,” Daddy said when the timer had chimed which signaled the end of Bunny’s second timeout of the day.
“It’s okay, princess,” Greg said, wanting to reassure the boy.  “Just an accident.  That’s what your pull-ups are for”
Sherlock knuckled at an eye before putting his thumb back into his mouth.  He looked at Mycroft with a bit of defiance, a sign Mycroft had long since understood signalled his brother’s need for discipline and a bit of humiliation.  Sherlock wasn’t currently in a place to accept much coddling, but he could be comforted by Mycroft’s upholding of clear-cut rules they had settled on long ago.  He could allow himself to settle lower in age if he were a bit ashamed.  For Sherlock, firmness was its own breed of caretaking.
“It’s not alright,” Mycroft insisted, “You don’t need to insist that it is.  I was wrong, and it’s okay to admit you’ve been hurt by my mistreatment of you.  I want us to be able to move forward.”
Mycroft, Sherlock knew, had been waiting outside the bedroom door all morning.  Sherlock held his middle finger up towards the bedroom door, gaining a small semblance of comfort from the action of flipping his big brother off, even though it was out of Mycroft's sight.
“I’m not,” Sherlock argued with a whine, twisting himself farther away from Mycroft and hiding his face against the window so Mycroft would not have been able to see thumb-sucking even if it were happening.
“To admit what?” Mycroft asked.  He needed to force him to say the words, to force him to come to terms with what he wanted..
There was a moment of quiet that Greg worried Mycroft would break by asking him to leave the lake house altogether, a moment when Greg worried his mistake would cause a tear in their relationship too large to mend without extensive time.  Greg had always known Sherlock came first.  It was one of the reasons he loved Mycroft; the detached, seemingly cold-hearted man would do anything for his little brother.  But he had never thought about what might happen were Mycroft to be forced to choose between him and Sherlock.
“Bunny hug,” he said, rubbing his nose against Sherlock’s neck until the detective broke down and smiled.
Now that Sherlock had avoided the prospect of the pull-up, he settled back onto the bed and made Mycroft do the work of gathering his things and carrying him out to Mycroft’s waiting car.  He may be slipping down in age, settling back into his younger self, but he would always have a bit of stubborn teenager in him, needy and cunning.
“It’s my turn to pick a game, now,” Bunny said, because that had always been the rule.  Sherlock picks, and then Bunny picks.
None of the men were fans of exhibitionism.  Any littleness or caretaking was kept as private as possible.  So Sherlock knew that John had nothing to worry about.  It was like Mycroft to want to use the weekend away to get John more comfortable in his headspace, and he knew Uncle Greg would know the best ways to help John through any anxiety that might come up from the new experience.  But Sherlock knew John hadn’t had the best track record with being little in public.  Apart from the quick stop into the rest area on their drive up from London, he had last been little at the zoo, which had not exactly been a trip where he had remained inconspicuous.
But Lestrade was seated in Sherlock’s arm chair, watching a football game on the telly.  And when John swung the door open, Lestrade turned to glance at him, his face warm and inviting, and some of John’s irk slipped away.
Mycroft did not respond, which wasn’t surprising.  Sherlock knew it was not going to be that easy to earn back Mycroft’s trust and forgiveness.  He cried against his brother’s shoulder, telling him over and over again that he was sorry.
The game continued on, Sherlock forcing Bunny to read a map that only made sense to Sherlock himself, Sherlock untying Bunny from the column only to traipse him around the attic and then tie him to the staircase railing, which he said was the captain’s cabin, or to force him to pull heavy boxes from one side of the attic to another, his onboard chores as a captured prisoner.
John also found his stuffed lion sitting at his place along with a gift bag covered in glittery stars.  Mycroft must have told Lestrade where his lion was kept tucked away during non-ageplay times.  John blushed; that meant Lestrade must have seen his pacifiers, which he had never used before in front of Greg.
John looked worried, his face paling.  It was clear he was prepared for the worst, clear he was steeling himself in case Mycroft told him he no longer wanted to care for the boy.
Bunny smiled.  It sounded fun.  But she had a sinking suspicion that there was something Papa wasn’t saying.  It was rare for Bunny to be separated from Sherlock when they were both young, rarer for Papa and Daddy to split up their little family voluntarily.  Bunny reached up to pull the unicorn horn headband off of her head, smile fading.
“That day, at the office.  He called his assistant in for some asinine task, just to keep me in check,” Sherlock continued.  “It was a power play, a way to show me he had ways of controlling my behavior."
Sherlock was surprised to find that he was about to cry.  Mycroft's mentioned relationship with John brought to mind scenarios Sherlock had been unable to keep from shifting through his mind: images of John in Mycroft's arms late at night, of John holding Mycroft's hand, of his brother tucking John into bed.  Mycroft had always been his, and now Sherlock wasn't enough for him.  Twisting his neck to press his face into the crook of his elbow resting on the table, he hid the burgeoning tears from Mycroft and attempted to fight against the feelings of inadequacy.  If he couldn’t physically remove himself from the situation, at least he could close himself off from it so Mycroft wouldn't see his vulnerability.  Tears wouldn’t help his plan to annoy and fluster Mycroft, to prove himself stronger than his need for his brother.
“I know, little one,” Greg said, shifting the boy so that he turned in a way that allowed him to see his face.  “You were feeling a lot of emotions that you didn’t know how to deal with, and that’s hard.”
Mycroft moved to leave the room, but he paused, unable to ignore the way in which John blinked up at him with something not wholly adult as he passed the smaller man.
Bunny really didn't want to play pirates anymore.  But if Sherlock wouldn’t let them play a different game, maybe Bunny could find a way to make this one more fun, and at least Sherlock was letting him wear one of the pretty dresses.  Sherlock usually teased him for his affection for Disney princesses and his desire to color with pinks and purples in butterfly coloring books, but there was no hint of animosity or malice in Sherlock’s gaze now.
John’s wiggling got more frantic as time went on, and with one big clap of thunder, he yelped and began peeing his pants.
“I guess the stress is why I longed for the comfort.  I didn’t mean to stare at the nightgown in the store.  I didn’t even say anything.  But you know how perceptive Greg can be when we’re young.”
Bunny draped his blanket over his shoulders, careful to keep her as far away from his wet pajamas as possible while still keeping her warm fleecy side close against the back of his neck.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft warned, knowing his brother could not possibly be telling the truth.  They had been driving for nearly three hours, and Sherlock had liquids with breakfast.
The commotion sent the second tech scrambling to his feet to separate the two men, and soon Greg and a handful of others came rushing into the cramped room.
Bunny was nowhere to be found when Mycroft returned to the living room.  But when Mycroft stepped around the edge of the room to check if the boy had wandered behind the couch, he stepped into a wet patch on the carpet, and sighed.  He had a sinking suspicion that he knew exactly what had happened.
He turned on a political talk-radio station as he pulled away from Baker Street, feeling a sense of accomplishment knowing that he’d successfully managed to get Sherlock out of the house without more than a bit of token protestation.  It had been far too long since he’d been able to spend any significant length of time with his brother, and while his heart worried for John, he was content to know that Sherlock would at least be in his sights for a few days.
John shrugged and pressed the heels of his hands against his closed eyes.  “I couldn’t sleep,” he said, blinking up at Mycroft.  “And then I overthought everything from today and I pulled myself out of headspace before I knew what was happening.”
Bunny obeyed as they pulled out of the driveway, running fingers along the velvety soft underside of one of Willa’s floppy ears and listening to the soft notes of Christmas music Papa found on the radio.
Greg knew the kid could walk herself downstairs, but he was could not bear to be apart from his girl at the moment.  He carried her on his hip, proud of the recovery she had made from the morning and desperate to keep her safe for as long as possible.  He was hopeful that Sherlock would be in a place to accept and love his little sister, hopeful that Mycroft’s lingering worry over Bunny triggering thoughts of Eurus would not be on display and interfere with Bunny’s ability to be herself.
A quick update because I know you've all been waiting!  I'm hoping to write more very soon but given my crazy schedule lately I'm not sure I can make any promises!
Although he still seemed on-edge, perhaps even mildly frustrated, Bunny knew Sherlock was not really mad, that he had simply been surprised by being woken up in the middle of the night, that he was more than likely dealing with his own confusion that had nothing to do with Bunny.
He had waited too long, and even as he clumsily tried to get to his feet to make a dash for the loo, it became clear that there was nothing he could do to stop the fast stream of pee pooling in his hands and soaking down his thighs and the seams of his jeans.  A puddle formed beneath him on the plush carpet when his jeans could hold no more liquid, and his socks became soggy.  By the time he’d regained control of what little was left in his bladder, he was well and truly soaked, and, with a stifled sob, he removed his hands, collapsed back onto the carpet with a choked sob, and finished peeing himself.  His eyes were glassy with tears, but he tilted his gaze down to watch the liquid trickle from the seam of his soaked jeans onto the yellowing puddle on the cream-colored carpet.
“I wouldn’t say planned, exactly,” Sherlock said, eyes flicking up from where he was staring at the floor.  “But I was rather decidedly not little.”
Mycroft could not help but allow the boy a bit of comfort.  He reached his arms around the boy, who pressed his face against his shoulder with a sniffle.
It was all a blur of introductions and jokes and bite-sized food as the Christmas music played.  John found himself desperate for the grounding presence of Greg’s grip on his elbow, afraid he’d be swallowed up in it all were he to lose contact with the taller man.  He could barely keep all of Greg's family members straight, let alone neighbors and Greg's parents' friends and the multiple groups of children rushing to assess wrapped presents beneath various Christmas trees.
“Just for a bit,” she said, voice firm but warm.  “A little quiet time.  I’ll cover for you if anyone notices you've gone.”
“John?” Mycroft called, knowing if he had to go upstairs it would be that much harder to get Sherlock out of the flat because he would almost certainly take the opportunity to crawl back into bed.
Sherlock was playing with legos in the living room when Bunny and Daddy reached the kitchen.  Papa Greg was setting plates down on the table.
“You made a bad decision, buddy,” Mycroft clarified, letting Sherlock press his face into his collarbone.  “One that was unhealthy and dangerous.  Next time, I want you to come to me or to Papa if you’re feeling like you might make the same decision.  Do you understand?”
“They really ought to study you for your uncanny ability to stifle your idiocy on a day to day basis,” he said.
“Ma, have you seen John?” Greg asked, noticing that the doorway to the hallway loo was opened with no sign of the doctor.
"That insufferable camp and their perfectly portioned meals on compartment trays," he said, disparagingly.
“I know, love,” Greg said, knowing the most important thing was to ensure the boy was not embarrassed about asking for what he needed.  “But we’ll get you home and into the tub and you’ll feel good as new.”
“Sounds like someone’s ready for some bunny food,” Greg said, and John nodded.  “So’s your Uncle Greg.”
“I’m going to wait right here, buddy,” Papa said, his voice close enough that Sherlock assumed he’d taken a seat on the ground close by.  “When you’re ready to come out, I’ll be here.”
Mycroft was holding a pull-up in one hand and a pair of dark briefs in the other.  John rolled his eyes and crossed his arms, but Mycroft did not acknowledge his little tantrum.  He simply stood his ground, the picture of patience and silent support.  It was clear he would wait for as long as John needed to make a decision.
John shook his head.  His adult mind was stubborn; it always won out after the memories of war returned.
Sherlock would never go as far as to mention their ageplay through text, knowing how easily he could be hacked or monitored, but ‘bunny’--the nickname Sherlock had taken to using when John was young, had become a bit of a codeword among them.  Was Sherlock saying Lestrade was in their flat? For John?  A text ping came through.
He meant to begin a conversation about their relationship, meant to bring up events of the past weekend, but Sherlock had been staring, and John had felt suddenly exposed.
He glanced down to Bunny, and Greg could see that he was assessing whether the boy was deep enough asleep for him to feel free to speak uncensored.  He held up a hand to signal to Greg that he’d should follow, then picked Bunny up and carried him into the living room.  Greg stepped behind him closely, already uneasy without one kid in his sights and not eager to be out of the presence of both.
“You don’t mind what?” John asked, needing Mycroft to clarify whether he was referencing John’s slips while on the case, his whininess the night before, his desire to call Mycroft “Daddy,” his wetting, the fact that he’d come to the table--full adult--in kids’ pjs and a diaper, or any of the other recent changes in John’s behavior that John himself had been questioning, even feeling guilty about.
It was Mycroft who was most against the idea--Sherlock had heard him discussing it with their parents one night after he’d been put to bed, insisting that it would not turn out well.  But their parents shrugged off his concerns, and the next day Sherlock was told to pack a bag for the sleepover.
Mycroft had distracted John with warm milk in his sippy cup and bedtime stories, but John could not help but feel alone and adrift without Sherlock in the bed beside him.  John could hear the detective prattling on to Uncle Greg across the hallway, in the blue and green bedroom, and he wished he were with him in the purple room, lying next to him on the bed.  The lake house was new and scary; John was afraid of sleeping alone.
“Peaceful when it’s not filled with my brothers and all the neighborhood kids squabbling and plotting war games,” Greg laughed, and then, as if remembering:  “In summers we spent full days out here.  Ma would send us with packed lunches and we wouldn’t go home until dinner.”
John did not have the same type of bedwetting problems that Sherlock had; in fact, it was rather rare that John ever wet the bed, but the boy had certainly become preoccupied with using the potty lately, and his daytime accidents had increased in number; Greg and Mycroft had been speaking last night about potentially asking the boy if he wanted to be in pull-ups full time, as John seemed to take such comfort from them.
“Okay, baby,” Greg said, praying to gods he didn’t believe in that no one pulled up beside them to witness what was happening.  “You can do your wee.”
“Get some rest, sweetheart,” Greg’s mother said in his ear when she hugged John goodbye.  “You were so well behaved today.  I’m sure Santa took notice.”
“Donovan, it’s my day off,” Greg sighed, clearly exasperated before pausing to listen.  “Well, what about Dimmock?”
“Do you have to go potty?” Papa asked, and Sherlock shook his head, stepping close to Papa so the man could tear the sides of the saturated pull-up and take the heavy garment away from Sherlock's stinging skin.
“In his damn office,” Sherlock said, voice suddenly caustic and unmistakably teenaged.  “He wouldn’t care even if I fell down the stairs and broke my legs.”
“Nothing that’s going to rile them up or give them nightmares,” Mycroft said with a quirked eyebrow, a hand absently running up and down Sherlock’s back as the boy tucked his face against Mycroft’s neck, sucking on the pacifier he had practically demanded as soon as Mycroft deemed he’d eaten enough for dinner.
“Are you sure you feel brave enough to go with Uncle Greg and Sherlock today?” Mycroft asked once he had sent Sherlock to use the toilet and was alone with John. He began picking out clothes for John to wear that day.  “We could always go to the park to see the ducks.”
The boys took off clumsily, leaving scattered crayons and coloring books in their giggling haste to race each other upstairs.
“I didn’t do anything mean,” Bunny said while perched on Greg’s hip.  He sniffled as he wiped his face on the back of his wrist.  “I only asked if he had to potty because he was holding between his legs.”
He shifted in his seat, pressing his legs together as his bladder pulsed.  Lately, any time he was forced to wait around with a full bladder had him veering towards headspace, wrapped up in thoughts of pull-ups and accidents.  John cleared his throat and shifted to sit a bit taller, reminding himself that he was a grown man.
“Hey,” Mycroft said, tipping Sherlock’s face up by the chin.  “Listen to me.  You are not bad, buddy.  You made some bad decisions today, is all.  Do you understand the difference?”
“I didn’t push him,” Sherlock said, fists clenched at his sides as he stopped where Mycroft was pointing.  “He’s a little lying crybaby.”
“Climb on in, champ,” Greg told Sherlock as he pulled back the duvet and sheet on the bed in the guest bedroom before settling Bunny down beside him.  He had a passing worry that the guest bedroom may trigger tears in the little Bunny, reminding him of the nightmares and self-consciousness of the night before.  But Bunny was still half-asleep, yawning and pressing himself against the pillow as soon as he was placed into bed beside Sherlock.
“Good boy,” Greg said, knowing Mycroft would not approve of praise for the lapse in potty training but wanting to relax the kid as his first priority.  “Let’s get you cleaned up, love.”
“Let’s go play,” Bunny suggested once they’d both finished pictures that Bunny insisted Mycroft hang on the fridge.
“You owe Bunny an explanation and an apology,” Mycroft said, helping Sherlock dress in comfortable clothing.  Mycroft was still distant, cold, and Sherlock simply nodded, sheepish.
“You’re both very welcome,” Lestrade said.  He passed over the boys’ backpack which Mycroft had packed that morning with pull-ups for Sherlock and jumpers for both boys and snacks and a first-aid kit and one toy each for the ride to the zoo.  Lestrade also placed a plush lion on the kitchen table which Mycroft assumed was John’s chosen toy from the gift shop.
Sherlock cheered, and Bunny--who had never seen the elaborate nature of Mycroft’s blanket forts--seemed to catch Sherlock’s excitement, pausing as he reached for his sippy cup of milk to express his approval.
“I’m sorry, Myc,” Greg said as soon as the bunny rounded the corner into the bathroom.  “I’m so fucking sorry.  I screwed up.”
“It’s been a rough morning,” John said, nodding to the plastic object resting on the kitchen table.  It was a red pacifier with a pirate in a blue hat on the plastic bobble.  Always pirates and dinosaurs with Sherlock.
It had been a rough day, but with the promise of a simple dinner and cuddles while Uncle Greg surprised the boys with a new book before an early bedtime, he knew they would manage to make it through.
“I don’t like you,” he mumbled, and Mycroft gave him a quick slap on his rear which had Sherlock yelping and bringing his hands around behind him as he apologized.
Bunny only shrugged, and he knew from the look on his face that his Daddy would have pressed the issue if Papa hadn’t come back into the kitchen with a sigh.
Sherlock sat up a bit and breathed a bit of a laugh, choosing to give in to Uncle Greg's teasing because he was feeling his first glint of hope that the day might not be all horrible.
The hours after lunch passed in a parade of coloring books, plastic mermaids, and, after Bunny’s pleading, an hour of cartoons.  Greg had set up a puzzle on the cleared kitchen table, and both men split their time between rooms, supervising and playing with the kiddos for a time before returning to tag the other out, trading places for the quietude of the puzzle and mugs of coffee.  There was a slowness to the day that Mycroft found soothing.
His voice was pained, at its gentlest, and John had to force himself to keep from viewing him as his Daddy in the moment.  He needed a separation, needed to view Mycroft right now as just a flawed man who happened to be his friend.  It was too hard to look at him as the Daddy whom Bunny viewed as faultless.
“He had a little accident just now,” Mycroft said, voice quiet to keep the boys from hearing.  “I think he's rather distressed by it because it seemed to catch him off guard.”
“I don't care! I want them!” John yelled, finally reaching his breaking point and beginning to cry.  He threw his breakfast fork across the room out of what Sherlock knew was, more than anything, frustration at not being able to explain what was really bothering him.  The fork hit against the wall and tumbled to the floor, bits of scrambled egg scattering across the carpet.
It had been a bit of a gamble on Sherlock’s part, using baby-talk while they were anything but.  But Sherlock had a hunch John’s praise kink resided in the lack of approval he had received as a child, and given that most sexual desires were based on impulses from childhood, it was unsurprising that John moaned loudly enough at the comment, frotting against Sherlock’s hand involuntarily as he climaxed and came over the wet sheets, that Sherlock was compelled to shut him up with a kiss, worried Mrs. Hudson might complain.  He filed away the reaction, vowing to explore more in good time.
“We’re glad to have you,” she said, releasing John from the hug but placing a hand on each of his shoulders.  “It’s rare we get to meet friends of Greg’s, especially such handsome ones.”
It was a thought Bunny had never put into words before, one that had occurred to him now and then but that he had never fully acknowledged.  Now that the words had been said, they were all he could think about, and Bunny knew they were part of what contributed to his headache.  Did he really not want to be a boy anymore? What did it mean if he wanted to be a girl?  He was pretty sure Papa wouldn’t mind, but what about Daddy?  What about Sherlock?  And if he felt like a girl last night and today, did that mean he had to be a girl every time he was little?  What if sometimes he still wanted to be a boy?
Sherlock shifted where he stood, then pulled himself away from Mycroft’s grip on his wrists to turn and collapse onto the bed beside Mycroft, tucking himself close to his brother.  Mycroft told him everything was going to be alright as he guided the boy to lay down, rubbing his back.  When Sherlock’s head was in his lap, Mycroft shifted his hand to card his fingers through his little brother’s curls.
It had been about a month since John had wet himself at the zoo and two weeks since he'd wet himself in front of Greg the night the Inspector was babysitting and then in front of Mycroft the next morning.  And while they had talked about John's desire to wet just as they discussed other aspects of age play--Mycroft addressing John's feelings of inadequacy, setting John’s preferred bedtime routine, contemplating John’s somewhat younger headspace recently--John had not wanted to act upon his desires while both he and Sherlock were in headspace.  He had also refused to call Mycroft "Daddy" when Sherlock was in earshot.  Mycroft assumed John was worried about how Sherlock might react.
It was a relief when Mycroft was fully up the attic steps and pulling Bunny into his arms, and it was even more of a relief when Mycroft carried him downstairs and out of the attic before rocking him back and forth, his hand running steady between Bunny’s shoulderblades, grounding him.  Bunny latched his legs around Mycroft’s waist and hooked his arms around his neck, where he also pressed his face as he cried.
Sherlock nodded, and his eyes were far younger than Mycroft had seen in quite some time.  If Sherlock did want to age up again before arriving at their parents, it was going to be quite the task.  But Mycroft was choosing to focus on the problem at hand; they would deal with their parents when the time came.
“That’s a bit of a different issue, kiddo,” he said.  “You know the usual punishment for lying.  Your Papa and I will discuss whether we feel that would be best for this situation.  As for now, I want you to know that I will never be angry with you for having an accident, and Papa and I certainly aren’t going to make you put an ‘x’ on your chart if you do.”
Not a huge fan of this chapter, but excited for the beginnings of little John in the next one!  No warnings that aren't included in the tags except for a bit of perspective switching that isn't very seamlessly done (apologies!).
Greg raised his chin in realization, suddenly understanding exactly what had been going on in their littlest kiddo’s head since that morning.  The spanking had threatened his headspace, had challenged his ability to stay little.  Unlike Sherlock, for whom spankings led to lower headspaces, John had been pulled out of his little self by the harsh punishment.
“Hang on, big boy,” Mycroft said, standing back to supervise.  “Let’s get you into a pull-up before you get dressed.”
“Only just,” Mycroft said, glancing to the clock as he turned down the volume on the telly.  Experience had taught them that turning it off completely might wake the kids.
Keep sending your ideas and letting me know what you like so I know what direction to continue in.  Sending you all positive vibes and bunny kisses! :)
“Don’t need it,” John said, but even as he said it he realized his voice was younger.  He rubbed at his face to try to keep himself grounded, but the truth of the matter was he wanted to slip, he thought it might be the only way to get through his feelings of guilt over the case.  He should have been able to do more to help Sherlock save those people who had died.
When Bunny pulled away from the hug to wipe his nose, Mycroft cupped his cheek and smiled down at him.  Bunny nuzzled into the hand against his cheek.
He could hold it.  He didn’t need to get up and go to the loo in the middle of playing like he was some little kid.
He merged lanes on the expressway and glanced at the kiddo through the rear-view mirror.  The little Bunny was rubbing at his still-reddened eyes, shifting against the seat belt in the backseat.
“I can deal with them not understanding me,” Mycroft began, sitting still and straight.  “I’ve felt that my entire life.  But there was a moment in the car, when Sherlock asked if we could go home.  And I pushed him because we were expected and because it was Christmas.  And of course Sherlock was miserable the entire time.  He kept struggling against his smaller headspace, and he was scared at night and wet the bed, and while I was up at dawn doing his laundry I just couldn’t help but think about how meaningless it all is.  Why do we feel forced to get together with family simply because it’s the end of December?  Why do we bother, when everyone will just leave more depressed and lonely than when they came?”
Mycroft shushed the boy as gently as he could, reaching out his hands to signal that it was important for them to be quiet at the moment; he was warmed by Sherlock’s happiness, by the moment they’d shared, but he was also conscious of Bunny sleeping upstairs, and he knew Bunny deserved the chance to rest after such a tiring morning.
“Sherlock?” Bunny whispered after a moment, removing the pacifier he had been worrying between his lips.
Mycroft had assumed Sherlock was fine under Greg’s care, that Greg had Sherlock's comfort handled while Mycroft took care of John.  But he'd seen how scared they boy had looked after being woken unceremoniously by Bunny's yelling.  Had he indeed ignored Sherlock's distress in favor of Bunny’s?
Greg sighed.  He wished his boys had the freedom to act the way they wanted at all times.   But there were precautions he needed to take to save John’s pride and emotional well-being when they were out in public.
“I’m driving, bud,” Greg said, choosing not to engage with Sherlock's accusations of neglect until he knew just what was going on.  “What’s wrong?”
“Good boy,” Greg said, taking a seat on the end of the bed as the kid began to write his first line.
They had spent their evening without children discussing the circumstances surrounding Mycroft’s worry, and although he had not told Greg everything--leaving out the fact that Eurus was alive and utilized for the government’s gain from time to time--Mycroft had discussed the Holmes children’s childhood in far greater detail than he’d ever hoped would be required.
“He’s chewed through the plastic bulb and now he’s having a bit of a strop because I told him we’d have to throw this one away,” John explained.
Mycroft stood by the window of the master bedroom while Sherlock, unconsciously running his fingers along the sleeve covering the arm he’d cut, sat cross-legged on the end of the unmade bed.  He’d been awake when Mycroft and Greg had re-entered the bedroom, had glared at Mycroft in a way that made it clear the kid was not particularly happy with big brother.
Bunny lay in the darkened room for a moment listening to the whispered voices of Daddy and Sherlock.  She heard Daddy calming a fussy Sherlock, then changing Sherlock into a clean diaper before gathering him up to take him downstairs, where Bunny knew it would be Sherlock’s turn for lunch as it had been Bunny’s before naptime.  She traced Daddy’s footsteps down the staircase, and then Bunny was alone in the quiet.
Greg, for his part, seemed to have caught on to John’s temporarily adult mindset, and he said little beyond passing John a cup of tea and asking from where he had stationed himself at the cooktop if he’d like an omelet.
John turned to the bed and began stripping it of the soiled linens.  He threw the pillows to the ground to keep them from getting wet, then began balling up the wet sheets, from time to time running a hand along his inner thigh where the dried urine had begun to irritate and itch.  He should probably change out of his soaking wet briefs and find a shower.
“Until I came to find you because I was wet but you wouldn’t help me so I got mad and ran up to my room and threw things.”
Mycroft knew now how he would deal with his kid brother and his newly recruited sidekick, Bunny.  Greg was right.  More than anything, Sherlock needed to know that, no matter what he did or how he acted, Mycroft would not leave him, that Mycroft would not suddenly prefer the more sweet-tempered John over him.
Mycroft nodded.  He had been thinking the same thing, particularly given the wide, gaping yawns Bunny had been taken by during his bath.  Mycroft was pleased he had been able to depend on Greg to deal with Sherlock while he had cared for John.  There had been a time he would have felt compelled to instruct Greg on the proper ways to handle and discipline Sherlock, a time when he would have micro-managed.  But he had been working on trusting Greg, had comforted himself with the knowledge that the man’s parenting instincts were as keen as anyone’s and that he cared for the boys immensely.
“What do you think of John in all of this?” Mycroft asked.  His mind had been on the doctor all day.  He had watched John as closely as he dared throughout the afternoon and early evening, and the man had clearly withdrawn into himself after Sherlock’s attempted joke.
"The voices in Bunny’s head don’t tell Bunny he can’t be five years old," Mycroft said.  "They tell her she can’t be a girl.”
“Sometimes your brother forgets he can be very little for as long as he’d like.  When that happens, he finds a new way to get attention that makes him feel more comfortable,” he said.
“I don’t exactly know why I like those things,” John said, feeling plagued by the awkwardness that often came when he had to rationalize Bunny behavior while adult.  “I guess, on some level, I’ve wanted them ever since I first started slipping into headspace.  The identification wasn’t as strong initially, but, looking back, I can see it was there even before I started asking for things.”
“That’s my brave Bunny,” Mycroft said, smiling down at him with pride that made John feel braver than he had a moment ago.
“Don’t stop,” he breathed, then closed his eyes against more tears as Mycroft picked up the pace and intensity once more.
“I thought you were a big boy, Sherlock,” Mycroft said from his place in the kitchen where he had been folding the laundry. He was frustrated with his younger brother’s antics that day.  They had already had to deal with two time outs--one for refusing to brush his teeth and another for throwing food he didn't want to eat--and Sherlock had been fussy and needy the entire morning.  Mycroft stood with his hands on his hips and sighed as he took in the state of Sherlock’s wet pajama pants and the puddle on the carpet in the middle of a scattering of Legos.
Sherlock slowed his hips before sitting up to kiss John gently.  He began stroking John’s forearm with a quiet tenderness.
And Greg could see that Mycroft was right: even if Mycroft had been able to discuss the situation right then and there, John was not currently in a space where he would be able to fully process the particulars of the circumstances.  He would still be reeling from his sudden aging up, processing the events of the day and the residual guilt and embarrassment Greg suspected would be settling in.
“I’m not!” Bunny cried, but even as he said it he could feel the pull-up getting wetter, could feel his body letting go.
He watched while Sherlock yanked each item of clothing from the trunk and began sorting through the treasure trove of costumes.  It was best for Bunny to sit back and watch for the time being; letting Sherlock determine the rules of the first game generally kept the little detective the most content.  Besides, Bunny himself felt well settled in his littleness and cozy inside while the rain fell outside.  It didn’t seem such a bad thing to let others make his decisions for the time being.
“I don’t want to show them,” Bunny mumbled, knuckling at his eye.  He couldn’t stand the thought of having to present Sherlock with the toys he’d chosen as his Daddy looked on.  He'd wanted to show the new toys right to his Daddy, but now he worried over the thought of his Daddy judging the pretty dolls and the snuggly bunny.  They suddenly seemed silly, somehow wrong, and he hoped they would just stay hidden away in the bags from the store.  “Just want to go nap.”
Now Greg’s worry was sent into overdrive.  The kid didn’t sound as if he were in his youngest headspaces.  He sounded more akin to his middle or teenaged self, the selves Sherlock was most likely to get in real trouble within.
“You know, when I was your age, I wanted to be a firefighter,” Greg said, wanting to validate Bunny’s young mindset while distracting John from what he guessed were triggering thoughts circling his mind.
The boy whined against the cold until Greg wrapped him up in a large towel, running his hands up and down the boy’s arms to warm him up.  Sherlock leaned his head against Greg’s chest, closing his eyes once more.  He blinked awake with a fresh wave of coughing, eyebrows furrowed and voice whiny when he next spoke.
Sherlock stood in front of the sink on a stepstool that had been in the lake house bathroom.  It was painted in bright primary colors, obviously for a child, and, given Sherlock’s height, he certainly didn’t need it in order to see the mirror, but John understood why he would want to use it.  It seemed they were both feeling particularly young that night.
“I’m sorry, Papa,” Sherlock mumbled around the pacifier, lifting a hand to rub at an eye with his wrist.
After being caught far too often with a regressed Sherlock or John and no supplies, Greg had taken the time to stock the boot of his car with items for emergencies.  He had a good supply of pull-ups, spare clothes, and various comfort items for whenever one or the other of the boys needed them, and he was grateful for the option given John’s recent slip in age.
Not even half an hour had passed before Greg heard the bedroom door begin to open.  Sherlock was standing in the opened doorway, fully dressed in his adult clothing, and Greg was scrambling to stand and face him.  Sherlock had his overnight bag draped across his chest and his face was hard-set in determination.  But it was clear he had not been expecting to find Greg in the hallway.
“Then go right ahead, Bun.  Someone insisted on brushing his teeth a third time,” Uncle Greg sighed as Mycroft and John entered the bathroom and John pushed his pants and underwear to his ankles while he sat on the toilet.  If he were feeling less young he would have been embarrassed to be naked in front of everyone, but instead he revelled in the way it made him feel even younger.  Potty training boys couldn’t be expected to wait for the loo.
Bunny had always fought against being called ‘baby,’ knowing Sherlock used it to tease and demean.  It had bothered him when they’d first started ageplaying, made him ashamed and uncomfortable because it signified that he wasn’t a big enough boy to do things on his own, that he was too little.  But, lately, Bunny had been coming to see that he didn’t have to be a big boy all the time, that sometimes he wanted to wet his pants and suck his thumb, and it really didn’t matter what Sherlock thought at all.
“I wanted to come to talk to you because I know it’s been a pretty tough day for you, buddy,” John began.  “I know what it’s like to have lots of confusing thoughts going through your mind when something new happens, and I know that sometimes we end up saying or doing things we don’t mean when we get frustrated with those thoughts.”
“I’m afraid that’s another impossibility,” Mycroft was saying, leaning back in his office chair.  “But, really, what did you expect?”
“You will hold my hand or you will hold onto the side of the cart,” Greg said, voice low but firm.  “Otherwise, we’ll stand here all day.”
Let me know what you'd like to see next!  I'm also thinking about possibly just doing a few Johnlock slash one-offs that are not necessarily ageplay based but would take place in this same world (you'll have a hint of what may be featured in them if you read through to the end of this chapter), so let me know if that's something you'd be interested in.
Bunny could feel his reddened cheeks, but he could also feel the haziness of his mind, a serene pleasure that came from knowing his biggest worry at the moment was how he was going to find a clean pair of pants.  His adult thoughts were floating somewhere in another time and place, but it was a time and place that had little to do with the kid he was with Papa, Daddy, and Sherlock.
The boy looked up at him with shame, but Mycroft shushed him and, in a rare show of sentimentality, kissed each plaster in turn.
Sherlock’s depression often made him lethargic, and sometimes that led to Sherlock spending entire days in a darkened room.  Mycroft did not always find that bed was the best place for Sherlock on his toughest days, as it did not provide any distraction from his hopeless and often destructive thoughts, but he knew that, in his current state, Sherlock could definitely use some time to catch up on sleep.  He'd let his brother sleep for a bit while John and Greg were out of the house, and then wake him before lunch.
He cast a glance around the room for John--surprised to find he wasn’t in the chair where he’d last seen him--before making his way to the kitchen.  His mum was taking a cherry pie out of the oven, and she set it down among an array of Christmas biscuits and apple tarts and peppermint fudge.
"Your brother is on his way." John said, speaking softer, somehow picking up on Sherlock's vulnerability at the moment.  John may have been daft at solving crimes, but he could read human emotion better than most, and for that he was grateful.  "Mycroft told me to make sure you haven't hurt yourself.  Are you hurt, bud?"
John shuddered to think what would have happened had Greg not been there to usher him away after his lashing out.  He had slipped down in headspace so quickly that it had all become a blur; if Greg hadn’t gotten him into the back seat, separated from the others, he would have had far more explaining to do.
The wet heat spread through Bunny’s underwear and ran off his thighs, where it collected between his legs on the bed sheets.  Bunny lay still in bed and peed his pants until his bladder was empty.
“Would you like to come sit and talk for a minute?” he asked, and Sherlock, chewing on his fingers with his head ducked, nodded before crossing to him and taking a seat.
Mycroft was beginning to get impatient.  Clearly, his brother was hiding his younger headspace even more than he originally thought.  It was one thing for Sherlock to stubbornly refuse Mycroft’s help.  It was another for both boys to have been young enough to wet themselves and not to have admitted to Mycroft or Greg that they were little until John broke down due to a bad dream.
until the boy was breathing gently with Willa tucked beneath his chin and his pacifier between his lips.
Stressful days always exacerbated Mycroft’s tendency to comfort himself with food.  The spread he was currently putting together--cheese, fruit, meat, and veggies--seemed to include larger portions than what they’d eaten for dinner.
“Itchy, Daddy,” John said when they were nearly finished, wiggling where he stood and plucking at the wet fabric at his crotch.
One night, years ago, he’d come home from rugby practice to find his father’s hand around his mother’s throat.  John had shouted and clawed as his father pushed her against the wall, hand teasing against her windpipe until he finally let her go and, turning swiftly, back-handed John across the face in anger.
“Yes, poor Sherly looks as if he’s about to drop on his feet,” their mother said, crossing back into the living room as she dried her hands on a dish towel.  She moved to the couch and kissed first Mycroft and then Sherlock--who could not help but try to squirm away from the forced affection at the moment--on the forehead.  “Get on upstairs, both of you.”
Greg had been envisioning a conversation about John, maybe Sherlock if it became necessary.  He hadn’t begun to imagine he’d factor into the conversation.  Then again, it was only in character that his brother was concerned about him first and foremost.  Greg may be the adult around John and Sherlock, but he’d grown up as the baby of his family.
Bunny could not help but raise a hand to her mouth, feeling the need for the comfort of her thumb, but Papa guided her hand back down to her lap, gently prompting her to speak up regarding what was on her mind.
John decided to see if he could hold it until the end of the movie.  But, deep down, he hoped, perhaps even knew, that it was a lost cause.  He had to go too badly to hold it for long, hadn’t gone since before he’d arrived back at Baker Street earlier that evening.
And so it was dressed in a pull-up and colorful bunny pajamas that John emerged from his bedroom, climbed downstairs, and crossed the living room to find Mycroft waiting for him in the kitchen, a cup of tea and a sippy cup of orange juice placed in front of John’s side of the table.  Mycroft had obviously prepared for more than one scenario.
“Sherlock needs wetting and thumb sucking to be responded to as an infraction.  You don't need that or want that.  It's why we have separate rules for each of you.  Do you understand?”
“He’s not in the best of spaces, right now,” Mycroft said.  “We’ll need to be gentle with him today.”
“I’m sorry, Papa,” Sherlock said, and although he knew Papa would think he was apologizing for locking the door or for spilling the juice or maybe even for his attitude that morning, he was really apologizing for the fact that he was lying to Papa’s face, that he was misleading him.
“I’ll be back soon,” Greg said as he turned to head out of the dingy room.  “We’ll finish up and head home, okay?”
John made it about two more minutes before losing control.  Sherlock had begun simultaneously tickling his sides and running his tongue along his neck, and John was unsure which stimulation was worse.  In any case, he hadn’t been able to get his hand between his legs to hold himself, and he soon began to feel his bladder releasing, liquid leaking into his already piss-soaked underwear.
Greg first lifted John off of the couch, transporting him to the kitchen presumably to keep him from dripping on a carpet, then handed John the phone.  When Mycroft answered and John heard the man’s voice, John made a keening sound in the back of his throat; he wished Mycroft was there with him.  He needed him.
John whined a bit, surprising himself with how babyish it sounded, but he stepped into the pull-up and allowed Greg to settle it up around his hips.
John smiled gently, and stepped back from the doorway to let Mycroft off the hook by welcoming him into the room.  It was interesting to see Mycroft thrown off his game, if not a bit disconcerting.  Normally, Mycroft thought through each avenue and facet of a situation before placing himself into its bounds.  Then again, John knew this situation was rather outside Mycroft’s purview.
Sherlock hurried into the bathroom and nearly slammed the door shut in his haste to get inside.  He bent over at the waist as soon as he was alone, pressing his hands between his legs and stomping in place right in front of the toilet.  He had to hold it just a moment longer, just long enough to get his joggers and the pull-up out of the way.
“Go check on our kid,” Greg said.  “Then get him to sleep.  I don’t think I’ve ever been this relieved to reach naptime in my life.”
At long last, they were tired out, and lay against each other with hitching breaths.  Th thunderstorm had begun to decrease in intensity around them.  Sherlock knocked his shoulder against John’s with what John knew passed for affection in Sherlock’s book.
“Good boy,” Sherlock mumbled, and god damn of course Sherlock would have figured out by now that John had a praise kink.
The new girlfriend sounded nervous, overwhelmed even.  And very young.  Since Clara, Harry had tended towards much younger women.
It was rare that he felt so close to being small while out in public.  He felt nervous whenever Greg stepped away from him in order to field questions or examine various pieces of evidence, he hadn’t been able to find an appropriately witty comeback to Donovan’s snide greeting, and he’d even hesitated before approaching the corpse, feeling a rather unexplainable fear he couldn’t shake.  Generally he was staunchly adult while out in public, too wary about giving his smaller self away to even contemplate behaving any way other than as Dr. Watson, the army doctor.  But he’d lost sleep the night before, and had perhaps shifted up in headspace too quickly.  He was feeling rather unmoored.
“You forget I’m not the one with the humiliation kink,” he said snarkily, knowing Sherlock’s comment had meant to tease, to demean.  Even so, he could not help but argue that Sherlock had been the one who’d made him wet himself.
He should get out of bed, update the blog, look for more leads.  He certainly shouldn’t be toying with the idea of curling up with a blanket and a sippy cup, and--what he desperately wanted more than anything--a pull-up to watch a Disney movie.
I'll do my best to get the next chapter posted very soon because I've left you all waiting far too long for this one.  I've already started writing it, and I'm excited to see where it will go.  Sending you all love and hoping you're having less crazy weeks than me!
This is the last chapter for A Trip to the Zoo, but I have more stories of the boys written that I'll add to the series soon.  Let me know if you have any requests for little Sherlock or little John shenanigans that I can write once those chapters are uploaded.  Thanks, loves, for reading!
“At least tell him about the boy,” Greg said.  “His friend.  Leave out your sister if you really think it’s for his own good, but don’t let him go on thinking all he lost was a dog.”
John pushed the pacifier into his mouth, doing all he could to stem the sobs.  He knew he was safe with Papa, that they were getting farther and farther away from the crime scene with each passing moment.  But it had been a scary, hard day, and John dropped his head into his hands and cried.
He didn’t want Papa to go.  He wanted him to cuddle him and tell him it was okay to be a little girl today.  Crying made his throat hurt, he couldn’t breathe through his stuffy nose, the tile floor was cold against his thighs and stomach when his nightshirt rode up, and he felt alone and needy.  Everything was just too hard.
Wet pants meant a pull-up for the rest of the day.  That was the rule.  But for John in that moment, it was too much to think about slipping into another pull-up.  He hadn’t wet himself without realizing it since he was an actual child, and although his returning adult mind knew there were a multitude of other factors at play, he felt that wearing the pull-up had somehow regressed him to a point where he’d lost track of his body’s needs.
“He’s in no state to be traipsing around crime scenes,” Mycroft said.  “And neither are you, for that matter.  You’ve been dealing with overly emotional children since we picked them up yesterday.”
Sherlock nodded with such a relieved sigh that Mycroft almost felt remorse for prolonging the kid’s wait.  Then again, he had gained valuable information regarding his brother’s state of mind by questioning him, information that had been necessary to gather in order to know best how to help him move forward.
“Hey, hey, no tears now,” Mycroft said.  “That’s no problem.  We’ll put you in your big boy undies and then figure out next steps, okay?”
John could feel his cheeks pinking at Mycroft’s allusions to the previous night.  He ran a hand along the back of his neck, clearing his throat once more.  It was all well and good for Mycroft to pass everything off so cavalierly, but John could not help but feel plagued by the shame of it all.  He was a soldier, and soldiers didn’t need coddling.  What would Sherlock think if he found out John had let Mycroft bathe him while he was fully adult?  What would Greg think?
After Lestrade left, the boys both settled a bit.  Sherlock’s tears had stopped entirely, and he was content in the corner playing with Greg the alligator.  John continued to cry quietly, tears pulsing down his embarrassed, flushed cheeks.
Mycroft smiled at the adorable rationalization.  Leave it to Sherlock to be able to produce multiple explanations even while half-asleep and in head space.
Bunny had brought his thumb to his mouth, but he continued to sob.  Mycroft knew the boy was likely crying for more than just his wet pants.  John had stepped up to care for Sherlock without question, obviously suppressing his own needs in order to do so.  Another pang of guilt caught at the base of Mycroft’s throat; he’d known in the back of his mind that he’d been leaving John to clean up his mess after the conversation that morning.
Sherlock jerked away from Papa and turned to a fresh coloring page with a huff.  He didn’t like the way Papa and Bunny seemed to be in on a joke that Sherlock hadn’t known was coming.  Since when was Bunny better at something than he was?
Sherlock smiled, and this time it was Sherlock who kissed Bunny on the cheek before the smaller man climbed back up onto the couch to snuggle with Papa Greg and his stuffed rabbit.
“You didn’t have to pee your pants to get me to like you again,” Sherlock nearly squealed, body wracked with laughter.
“I had chicken nuggets and Sher’ock had a hamburger,” John said, rubbing his face against the back of his arm.
He could have easily dressed himself, but there was retribution in asking Uncle Greg for help even while he ignored and refused help from Mycroft.
“Bud, you can wear a pull-up whenever you’d like to,” Mycroft explained.  “Most kids wear them when potty training, and they aren’t in trouble for using one.  Neither are you.  You and your brother are welcome to use a pull-up at any time.  But it’s never okay to lie to me or to your Papa, and I’m disappointed that there were an awful lot of lies told today.”
He was wiped down and dressed in a clean pair of Harry Potter cartoon briefs in a few quick moments, the evidence of his accident balled up and thrown away.  But although he made Mycroft promise not to tell Sherlock he had wet himself--he hadn’t been able to convince him not to tell Uncle Greg--John still felt vulnerable and needy.  He clung to Mycroft and sucked hard on his pacifier, letting himself slip back down in age, and not even Sherlock telling him stories about the pirate ship he was building could keep him from feeling moments away from confused tears.
Mycroft wasn’t entirely sure how to begin, and part of him wondered whether Bunny should be present for the conversation, or an aged-up John.  But Sherlock was looking up at him with the trust that he had the answers, and he could at least tell the boy what he knew.
And while the insult should have done nothing but make John and Mycroft laugh, there was a tense pause which came over the room, a moment where something said aloud for the first time suddenly caused a new train of thought.  John, for his part, attempted to laugh but only succeeded in clearing his throat.  He turned back to his computer after Mycroft caught his eye once more.  He thought he could even see the doctor's cheeks pinking.  Mycroft glanced at Sherlock, who only shrugged.
Sherlock came when Joan next moaned, calling out and reveling in the warm mess streaming from John’s cock to wet the sheets beneath them.  He did not take his eyes from John even after he’d finished, and, as soon as it was clear John’s bladder was empty, he snaked his fingers down over the band of John’s underwear until he had pulled his cock free of the soaking wet fabric.
Greg smiled, kissed him again, and then held out the Santa hat he’d taken off before heading into Mycroft’s office.
“Unclear,” John said, reaching to rub at a wet spot on Sherlock’s pajama pants.  “You may have to run a few more experiments before coming to any conclusions.”
“We should get you settled into some clean clothes,” Mycroft offered, stepping into the room as he decided to take matters into his own hands.
But he couldn’t hold it any longer.  With a gasp, a spurt became a trickle widening the wet spot on his jeans.
He’d been doing the washing up they’d left sitting in the sink from breakfast, needing to occupy his mind and his hands.
Greg stepped close and held a hand against the boy’s forehead.  He was warm to the touch, and Greg could hear from the boy’s stuffed nose that he was perhaps even more congested than Sherlock.
Thank you all as always for you wonderfully sweet and endearing comments.  I'm so happy to have been able to bring you all some comfort and hopefully happiness with this series, and I hope you'll all continue on in the journey with these little kiddos in the new year.  A special thank you to SimiTheTrickster, who helped me put a name to what Bunny is going through--gender fluidity--and was kind enough to share a little bit about their own journey which helped me in this chapter and is sure to help in future chapters as well!
Sherlock rolled his eyes and cleared his throat, obviously uncomfortable about having this conversation with his big brother.  Bunny turned to glance up at Mycroft, perhaps confused as to why the man still had his hands pressed against his ears, but Mycroft kept his hands firmly on either side of the boy’s head.  John may have taken part in some rather adult acts with Sherlock, but Mycroft was not about to let Bunny hear something so sexually charged.
John was rather relieved to leave Mycroft in the master bedroom to preside over Sherlock.  Not only was there no one better at reading Sherlock in headspace than Mycroft, but John had to admit he was not against a bit of separation from the man after the events of last night.  Both Mycroft and Greg did their best to treat him and Sherlock as adults when they came out of headspace, but there was always the risk of residual caretaking.  John was feeling embarrassed enough about the events of the night before; he didn’t need to chance additional self-consciousness by hanging around Mycroft as he punished Sherlock.
“I don’t know what Sherlock told you, Greg,” John said, trying but failing to speak with conviction and force.  “But I’m fine.  You can go home.”
“There’s someone here who’d like to say a little something to the Bunny if he’s up for it,” Greg said as Mycroft took the clothing from Greg.  He could see the man had passed along a clean pull-up as well as a pair of underwear, perhaps anticipating that Bunny may be too upset to follow the rule of pull-ups after an accident, as he had been after his daytime accident the day previous.
“Something was bothering him,” Greg said.  “I should have done a better job of trying to communicate with him instead of letting the frustration get to me.  None of us has gotten enough sleep over the course of the last few days.”
Sherlock hummed noncommittally and continued sorting through pieces, making quick work of the puzzles despite the challenge he had given himself by combining the two.
“Go away, Mycroft,” Sherlock spat, “We’re not young enough to deal with your tedious nit-picking.”  Mycroft ignored his brother’s snark and began busying himself around the room, tossing a bath towel to Sherlock and telling him to take a shower while he found his brother’s canvas overnight bag and placed it on the foot of the bed.
When he was at least dried off, he stepped into the pull-up and then the joggers--the drawstring of which he tied tightly to keep them from slipping to show the top of the pull-up--before finding his striped pirate shirt in one of the middle drawers.  He pulled it on, grateful for the comfort item and the fact that its oversizing would allow it to fall well below the waist of his joggers, providing additional peace of mind that his choice to wear a pull-up would go undetected.
“Why?” Sherlock asked, and his loud, rather insensitive tone made Mycroft glad they were having this initial conversation out of Bunny’s earshot.
Bunny stepped over to the toilet and, all modesty aside, yanked his undies down to his ankles and sat down to pee.  Greg nodded at the boy, then pulled Sherlock’s pajama pants down a bit in order to snake a finger into the leg of the boy’s diaper for a quick check.  It was still dry, so Greg passed the blinking boy his pacifier and shifted him back onto his hip as they waited for Bunny.
Sherlock shrugged, but then caught Mycroft’s skeptical glances and self-corrected into a nod.  As much as he wanted Mycroft to help him and forgive him and pull him into his lap for a cuddle, he was not ready to relinquish his pride just yet.
It was Bunny’s reaction that would be the worst.  Bunny would blink up at him with confusion and betrayal if he were to learn that he couldn’t actually share his potty training success with his big brother.   If he told, Bunny would see him for what he really was: not a role model, but a pitiful baby.
“I can do it myself, though,” he said, as vehemently independent as he had been all day.  “I don’t want Papa to come in with me.”
Bunny had never liked the boy pull-ups.  The striped ones were boring and the camouflage ones, if he wasn’t careful, made him think bad thoughts.  But his pink and purple butterfly pull-ups made him feel safe and happy.  He felt more like Bunny, as if he really was his Uncle Greg’s little princess.  There were flowered pull-ups in the package Uncle Greg had bought, too, and he couldn’t wait for his chance to wear one.
The impulse to rail against Greg’s ministrations was instinctual rather than spiteful, prodding Sherlock into becoming little more than a swearing, glaring lump under the sheets for the better part of the morning.  If he had been a man more prone to processing emotions, he would have identified the impulse to reject care as an avoidance tactic, a way to protect himself from the stress he was feeling about the plans for the week.  As it was, half in headspace and too wrapped up in his own frustration and anger to deduce the origins of his bad mood, he found contentment by residing in irritability.
“Not usually, no,” Mycroft said, running his hand up Sherlock’s spine to cup the back of his neck, still speaking softly into his ear.  “But it’s been a long day, and you’ve been fighting against your littlest headspace since you woke up this morning, haven’t you, baby boy?”
“Look at my picture, Daddy,” Bunny called as Papa and Daddy crossed over towards the table with refreshed mugs of tea.
John blushed, then nodded.  He knew Mycroft was waiting for him to go on, waiting for him to set the pace of the conversation.
John was glad Sherlock’s back was still turned to him, for he knew Sherlock would be embarrassed by and would subsequently tease John for the affectionate grin spreading across his face.
“And if not,” Papa said, raising his voice a bit over Bunny’s excited mumblings, “That’s okay, too.  We can try again next time.”
“I suppose some of the voices tell us we aren’t doing a good enough job of caring for you and Bunny,” Mycroft said, lost in thought as he put into words something he had rarely spoken aloud.  “They tell us we’re one misstep away from doing more harm than good.”
Sherlock blushed, unsure if he was more upset that a potential monster had noticed his wet bed or that Uncle Greg had.  But, in the end, his curiosity got the best of him, and he leaned forward to peek through the crack between the closet door and the door frame.
“Need blankie, Papa,” Bunny said, and Greg, nodding, held up a finger to signal to the boy that he’d have it for him in just a moment before slipping back into Bunny’s room.
He was pleased Sherlock was no longer barricaded inside the bedroom down the hallway, but his nerves had returned when Greg pulled him upstairs and away from his injured brother in order to allow John and Sherlock space to chat.  The pain from Sherlock’s injury had sobered him, but Mycroft had still been able to sense his brother’s pain and anger beneath the surface of calm.
Sherlock nodded, eyes closed as if already falling back to sleep, and John sat up to fish around in the nightstand drawer, where he knew Greg had put Sherlock’s favorite pacifier.
“Sherlock, love,” Daddy said, turning to his left.  “Let’s all watch Bunny’s ponies, and then we can watch dinosaurs.”
“What if I’m just a boy tonight, Papa?” Bunny asked, pulling at the bottom of his pajama shirt.  “Can we stay here tonight and play with Sherlock if I’m a boy?”
“I’ve got you, string bean,” Mycroft said, quiet and comforting.  He rubbed his hand up and down Sherlock’s back as the boy sniffled.  “You’re okay.”
"Bunny, you know you can talk with me or your Daddy about anything that's on your mind, right?" Greg asked, not feeling entirely comfortable having left the subject unfinished and still wondering whether what he thought he had heard was what Bunny had actually said.
Sherlock blinked back at him with wide eyes.  It was the first time Bunny had called Mycroft Daddy in front of Sherlock, but Bunny didn't have the mental energy to contemplate that at the moment.  He wanted Mycroft.  He needed Mycroft.
“It’s not often you find parents like ours,” his brother said as he nodded in agreement, clapping Greg on the shoulder.  “I’m glad you’ve found a way to pass along a bit of that luck.”
Sherlock had never been in a romantic relationship with another human being, let alone with another man.  John had come around and changed that before Sherlock had even known he was capable of that type of love.  If he were honest with himself, he hadn’t been ready for a relationship.  He wouldn’t ever have been ready had the person on the other side of the bed not been Doctor John Watson.
He cocooned himself further into the quilt when Mycroft--dishes completed--came into the living room.  He was carrying Sherlock’s stuffed dinosaur, Dimitri, which he placed on the couch cushion beside Sherlock.
Hair cleaned and body scrubbed, Mycroft told John to stand up, then helped him step out of the tub and onto the bathmat.  He wrapped a towel around him, one of the large ones they used to help John and Sherlock feel small, then ran his hands up and down John’s covered arms to keep him warm.
“Five more minutes?” He asked.  “Please, Uncle Greg?  This is one of the best parts of the movie.  I’ll go after this part, I promise.”
He wanted Mycroft.  Why hadn’t Mycroft come instead?  He knew it was irrational, knew Mycroft had an international responsibility much more important than John at the moment, but he was in an irrational mood, and being back home at Baker Street made him long for quiet and comfort, and he didn’t care what was rational.  The pressures of the case seemed all the more draining now that he was finally back in his flat.
Sherlock opened his mouth to complain, but was caught in a yawn, and seemed to forget his objections as Mycroft stepped from the bed, pulled the comforter up beneath his little brother’s chin, and helped him settle down onto his pillow.
In an inability to find his own coat in the overstuffed closet, John yanked on Greg’s.  It was warmer than his own, and he was tired of the cold; he’d been frigid all day, even feeling a chill while pressing through the warm mass of bodies scattered throughout Greg’s parent’s house.
Bunny scrambled to his feet and hurried out of the living room as tears filled his eyes.  He needed to find a spot where he could be alone.  He needed to hide.
John didn’t blame the men for needing some time to themselves.  Sherlock and John were not the only ones who had made progress over the course of their last ageplay session, who had learned new things about themselves and the others.  It only made sense that everyone had needed a bit of time to process and re-establish.  John himself was still sorting through the emotional ramifications.
“Don’t want that!” Sherlock yelled when he saw the cereal boxes in Mycroft’s arms.  His loud shout had startled the Bunny, who whipped his head around and blinked up at Sherlock as he sneered towards the breakfast options with disgust.
“You know locked doors are a no-no,” Papa chastised, daddy-mode in full effect as he guided Sherlock to stand in front of him, both hands on his shoulders.  “No exceptions.”
Mycroft could not help but smile at Greg, who was looking at him just as knowingly.   John’s voice was young and nervous.  If there had been any question regarding John’s state of mind when they’d arrived at Baker Street, it had now been answered.
They both knew Mycroft could very well have arrived later in the day, and they both knew he was hoping the early-morning wake-up call would catch Sherlock at his most pliable; experience had made it abundantly clear that Sherlock was most compliant when especially tired, whether little or adult.
He was conscious of the items he’d earlier re-packed into John’s suitcase, the plush rabbit and pacifier and remaining pull-up, and took the opportunity while the man was inside to take John’s suitcase from the boot of the car and place it in the backseat, where it was more easily accessible.  He knew the man would settle quickly if he would just accept his comfort items, that they could help him stop obsessing over the shame and doubt of the past 24 hours and allow him the escape he so desperately needed.
“Lay down, now,” he said, prompting the boys to settle their heads back onto his shoulder or chest.  “Let Papa tell his story.”
But John was intent on injuring, suddenly defending not the nameless family of the corpse on the bathroom floor, but his own family.  Anderson knew nothing about it; alcoholism was complicated, it couldn't be categorized in aphorisms.  His knuckles made contact with Anderson's cheekbone.  Anderson tried to fight back, throwing a punch which grazed John’s ear, but it was clear the man had never needed to defend himself physically before, and John soon sent the wiry man stumbling backwards with a pleasing crack as his head hit against the plaster.  He took pleasure in bloodying Anderson's nose with the next punch, and even more pleasure in the sight of the man cowering at the base of the wall, arms over his head for protection.
But Bunny grasped at Daddy’s arms when he was set on the floor, yelling unintelligibly about the creature, whom he anticipated was about to shoot a bony hand to grab him from beneath the bed.  He tried to scramble-climb up Daddy, but he held him back so he could look into his eyes with worry and continue to tell him to breathe and not to worry, clearly concerned.
Mycroft could not help but emit a scoff of laughter as he shifted the car into drive, amazed by his little brother’s lack of self-awareness.
Bunny mumbled that Sherlock didn’t want him sleeping with him and blinked back tears as he scrambled out from beneath the bed to press himself into his Daddy’s arms.
“I want to play more,” Sherlock whined, but John shushed him and signaled for him to settle back down.
“Mycroft, Bunny needs a coloring book,” Sherlock called, interrupting a conversation Papa was having with his brother.  “He wants to color, too.”
When Uncle Greg suggests that the boys play dress-up on a rainy afternoon, Sherlock's bossiness gets the better of him, leaving little John feeling confused and needy.
Sherlock’s mobile pinged with a text message as soon as Mycroft pulled onto the highway, and he wrestled it from his coat pocket.
“I’d be blissfully unaware,” he said.  “And I wouldn’t have a bathroom cabinet full of pink diapers.”
Greg could not help but ruffle Bunny’s hair when he smiled wide and nodded emphatically; John looked too cute when he wanted to please.
“I maybe don’t want to be ‘buddy’ right now,” he said, fiddling with the hem of his nightgown.  “Or ‘champ.’”
Bunny nodded, still sniffling from the recent tears, thumb planted in mouth.  Greg carried the little one upstairs and into Bunny’s woodland creatures bedroom, where he sat in the rocking chair and situated the kiddo onto his lap so that Bunny could lay against his chest as they rocked back and forth.
Sherlock had been sullen around Mycroft for weeks, blaming him for the slip up, but Mycroft had refused to humor his brother’s anger.  Instead, he simply called Greg to visit the next time Sherlock was spending the night at Mycroft’s.  John, having given his okay to the plan only reluctantly, worried the man may be shocked out of headspace, but Mycroft had assured him the embarrassment would have the opposite effect on Sherlock, that Sherlock coming face to face with Greg would actually push Sherlock deeper down in age.  Mycroft had been correct, and the night had ended with Greg putting a giggling Sherlock to bed.  How Greg could keep Sherlock consistently giggling Mycroft would never fully understand, but the bond between the two had been solidified with Greg's dinosaur growls and pirate impressions, and Lestrade from that point forward had become, much to Mycroft’s bemusement and adult Sherlock's distress, Uncle Greg.
