Peter wakes up and can’t see a thing. His nightlight has gone out. No light coming in from under the door or through the curtains. His breathing quickens and he tries to cry out but no sound comes. Try as he might he can’t even move his finger. His eyes stare straight up at the ceiling. The nightlight turns back on suddenly spreading it’s orange glow across the ceiling.  He hears the closet open but can’t turn his head to look towards it. Slowly a woman in a white dress with black hair climbs out of the top of closet and across the ceiling. Her long hair hanging down through the air. Her skin is pale and she stops above his bed and twists her neck around so she can see him. Again he tries to scream but he’s unable. He wanted Papa, he would use his super strength to send her back where she came from. He wanted Dad and his Ironman suit to fight the creature. They wouldn’t come they didn’t know he was in distress. Tony’s AI wasn’t wired up to the house to alert his parents that he was getting scared.
“What?” Peter says annoyed, wanting more of an answer.
Tony returns to the room, handing one of the cups of coffee to Steve before kissing him on the lips. He sits heavily on the couch and brings the cup to his lips letting the warm liquid warm his throat as it slides down. He hears the sound of wrapping paper moving across the couch before a box hits the rug. Beverly is attached to his chest again, her little hand clasping the arc reactor.
Thor flips his long blond hair and Beverly reaches out to touch it. Tony grabs her hand stopping her. “You need to ask first,” he reprimands her.
“Can someone please explain what is going on here? Because something is not right,” Peter says as he straightens out his collar.
The rain starts shortly after breakfast as they’re cleaning up. Peter runs over to the window and stares outside. “Oh no! Can we still go to the beach?”
No response only her quick footsteps up the stairs. He stands up and heads outside to sit on the patio. He closes his eyes as he relaxes back into his seat. The sun warms his skin and envelops him like a hug. He could feel his heartrate increasing but he didn’t know why. He had completed countless missions, many taking him away from his family for weeks. The ones Tony joined on were easier yet harder in other ways. They had to push their worries about Peter to the side. He was in good hands. May and Ben always watched him during these times. He even had a bedroom there.
May has a big smile on her face as they carry in the glasses and set them on the coffee table. It’s followed by chips with salsa and queso dip. The theme tonight was Ninety’s movies and they were starting with The Linguine Incident. “Tony doesn’t drink, but thank you,” Steve says politely as he slides Tony’s drink away from him.
“Can I sleep in your room?” Peter asks as Steve puts him down on his bed.
“Yeah,” Peter says defeated.
Steve moves his hair off his forehead, “Sorry. Everything alright now?”
“We’ve lived here since we got married many years ago. We remember a lot of the families that lived in that house,” Marie says as she pours herself another cup of coffee.
Steve squeezes his sides gently. “Peter?”
“I’m sure he’ll be home as early as he can.”
“Then go.”
The street lamp casts a dim light through the thin curtains into room illuminating Beverly’s figure on the bed as Peter enters the room. She’s sitting up, arms wrapped around her knees as she stares out the window.
“I’m sorry, Boss doesn’t want to be disturbed.”
Tony grunts as he sits back onto the sofa. He shakes the box. “I wonder what it could be.”
“Pete, what are you grabbing at?” Tony asks as he watches the movement under the blanket.
He finds her with the blankets kicked off lying on her back. He brushes her blonde hair off her forehead and pulls up the covers around her. She whines and her brown eyes pop open looking up at him surprised. “Daddy!”
The room is eventually cleared out of all the doctors and nurses. Peter is taken away for more tests before he’s returned to his bed. Steve and Tony comfort him and help him to relax. He’s crying for a while and wanting both his parents to hold him. Eventually sleep over takes him and he falls into a fitful rest. Steve and Tony find themselves unable to sleep, so they cuddled up with each other on the couch under a blanket, and watch movies all night.
Please visit my tumblr:
Steve Rogers wasn’t having a good day. Far from it actually. A few days earlier one of the guys from the group therapy session he ran at the VA, had commited suicide. He was young, twenty-five or twenty-six, married and had two small daughters. He had been in the Marines and was having trouble adjusting to being back home.
“Yeah, you’re the nurse. So you grab things for the doctor.”
Tony holds out his hands. “Come here.”
“Shit, kid, I’m sorry. Let me see,” Tony says reaches out for his arm. Peter steps back and grabs his pajama top.
“What if Jesus joined the Avengers?”
, which was created to improve communication between readers and authors. This author invites and appreciates feedback, including:
“I want Daddy to watch the movie with us.”
“I wouldn’t worry about it. Let a doctor check him out. I have to go. I have to be at the VA in an hour. You need to talk to Tony about this. ”
“One night,” Jerry pauses and reaches out to hold Marie’s hand before continuing. “One night, the police cars were lined up down the street. Ambulances and fire trucks. All out here. He had murdered the wife and daughter before killing himself. The little boy was missing. They couldn’t find his body. A search team would put together to comb through the woods. They found him the next morning floating in the creek. We felt you had a right to know. It’s all in the newspaper if you search back that far.”
*****
“But you have to be okay if he doesn’t answer. He could be busy.”
“There’s candy canes on the tree and Tony said we can’t eat them yet. He got mad because I had one. It made my mouth blue,” Beverly remarks without looking up.
Steve stifles a laugh, “he’s in rare form then.”
“I don’t want to hear about you having sex with someone else.”
“But we won’t have anything to eat!”
Tony gets out of the bed and heads quickly through the house and out of the deck.
“The pink stuff?”
“He listens better when you ask nicely,” Tony says as he leans against the doorframe. “And don’t scold him for something that’s obviously an accident. Kids have small bladders.”
He tries to make them a sandwich but doesn’t get the concept very well. Beverly is trying to explain that he needs to slice things smaller. It’s going horribly wrong and Loki is just laughing from the corner of the room. The kids keep insisting that they must wake up Tony. Thor tells them they must not, Tony hasn’t slept in days and he really needs to remain asleep. Peter wants to call Steve but Thor and Loki don’t have phones. Tony’s phone is in the room with him and Thor won’t let them near there.
Tony Stark was an eccentric man. He grew up in a rich household, constantly blinded by the flashes of fame. His father, Howard Stark, was a cold man. He rarely had the ability to be home for his only heir and wife, but when he was, it was only on occasion. Being the CEO of your own weapons manufacturing company did that to you. The man also became obsessed with a tireless search for a certain Captain America. The soldier was an apparent hero during the war, having crashed a plane somewhere in the arctic tundra in order to save the country. Every lecture Tony received from Howard always somehow tied into the humility of the Captain America. The constant comparison of Tony to the Captain always ended in a feeling of failure in the young boy. He would often be left with a feeling of self hatred and emptiness. When Tony did happen to see his father and there was no lecture, he was given a pat on the head and a thumbs up.
A faint buzzing was the only thing he could hear at this point, until it started to blend into a faint discussion. Voices could be heard in the distance. Steve tried to focus on them as a way to bring his brain back to consciousness. His brain seemed to be waking up on it’s own accord, ignoring his attempt to rush it. Eventually, the voices came through clearly. It was a baseball game. From May 1941. His eyes opened finally. Something was spinning above him. Slowly. The blurred object soon sharpened and morphed into a ceiling fan.
"No, no, it's ok. You deserve to know. It's one of the biggest changes in our world."
“I’m here.”
It must have been at least an hour as Tony sat in the waiting room, answering emails as he waited for Steve. Ever since that morning, the super soldier had been on edge. He looked like he could have fainted any second. Tony knew that he really wanted to do this; that it had to be done at some point, but the poor man looked like he was killing himself over it. Tony made sure to keep checking in on him, but everytime he said that he was ready, so here they were. He was also very glad they did those breathing exercises because Steve probably wouldn't have even made it to the room if they didn't. He looked 100% better afterwards, so hopefully he was fine.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Greetings, Friends!” A voice boomed from the elevator carrying an ecstatic tone. Yeah, that was definitely Thor. “How are-Anthony! Are you alright?!"
“You’re here.” Steve said, voice horse and quiet. It was practically a whisper.
Another update!! Yayy! College is so much fun but sO much work. I am sorry if this is late but we are almost there! One more chapter... ;-; Also, this was my first smut scene that I have ever written so I am sorry if it's a little weird or just choppy lol. Thank you all for the encouraging comments and kudos! Please leave comments about what you think about the story and what you liked!! Thank you!
Steve was in love. There, he admitted it. He finally confessed it to himself, and it felt amazing. It was such a relief to name this ‘strange feeling’ that he was constantly getting and to know what it was. After New York, Steve and Tony stayed in the same room, and Steve was ashamed to say it, but he loved it. Every night, his nightmares were toned to a dull memory, and he could finally sleep peacefully. He never saw any haunting faces or heard any horrid screams, only Tony’s quiet snoring. The brunette would struggle with nightmares nightly, but Steve was always there to help calm him down so they both could go back to sleep. They always seemed to be about the portal and New York, which saddened Steve. This heroic act would haunt Tony every night for the next few weeks, and he couldn’t do anything to stop them. Thankfully, though, they seemed to calm down after a while.
Angst won't be overloading just yet, but prepare for it! I'm building it up...very slowly. I'm sorry. The slow burn is real.
Tony introduces Steve to the tower, as Steve notices a few things about Tony.
Tony can't help but notice Steve's advances and becomes confused. As he thinks about it, he feels he is ready to confront the man. All he needs is one last sign. Just one.
Kidnappings were never Tony's forte. But were they ever anyone's?
Hope you are enjoying so far! Ooo what a twistttt!
“It sure is. And I’m cold.”
Tony wakes up in the hospital to Clint watching transformers, Steve unable to stop crying and burger king.
When they both passed in 1991, Tony was devastated. The car crash was so sudden that it shook the world. Tony allowed his deep depression to drag him into the world of substance and abuse. He coped through very unhealthy methods and spiraled into a dark hole. Howard's most trusted and ancient business partner, Obadiah Stane took hold of the company during Tony's meltdown. It wasn't until the boy hit his 20s that he decided to take control of his life. He vowed off any and all drinking and addiction. Suddenly Tony took hold of his inheritance and was the owner of a goliath company, one of the worlds largest suppliers in weapons manufacturing. He took it up with ease, having excelled during his time at MIT enough to take on anything. The young genius was the inspiration for the future, inventing and running the company like never before. He was a symbol for the New Age.
--<>--
"Sure?"
“No it is 100 percent not,” Tony grumbled, crossing his arms and sinking further into the cushions and Steve’s arm.
Mmmmmmmhm, as if there couldn't be anymore angst. Impossible.
The movie started and it seemed really cute. Steve was unaware of the fact that it was like a musical, but that made it even better. Of course it was hard to focus, though, as Steve was focused on something else. He was trying to gather his courage and wait for the right time to move his arm so it was resting on the back of the couch and, more importantly, Tony’s shoulders. Finally, the man leaned forward to place the empty bowl of popcorn on the coffee table and Steve saw his perfect opportunity. Swiftly, he looked up at the ceiling as he draped his arm behind the two of them as Tony leaned back into the couch. His far shoulder slipped perfectly into Steve’s hand, and he couldn’t help the goofy smile that slipped onto his face. He looked over to Natasha, who was looking at them with a smile and her thumb and index finger forming a ring. Pride and confidence flooded his chest as he took a risky glance at Tony. The man glanced at the hand on his shoulder, and there was a smile on his face. It was soft, but Tony smiled at Steve’s gesture! The soldier felt undeniable giddiness as he turned his eyes back to the animation. The girl was currently singing about how she wouldn’t admit her feelings about the demigod.
"Oh, yes," he replied, putting the book back in its place.
That caught him off guard. Everyone turned to look at the archer questionably.
“Really?”
“Steve Rogers,” a calm, melodramatic voice rang out from behind. Steve turned to it violently, breath coming in gasps. “Look, I’m sorry about that little show there, but we thought to break it to you slowly.”
And so, Iron Man was born.
“...But Nat, it’s like nothing I’ve ever felt before since...well since Peggy. I’ve gotten to know him so well, and he’s just amazing. The way he overuses his hands when he speaks, scrunches his nose when he doesn’t like something, says a little ‘yay’ when he discovers something as he works, sees the good in every single thing, and listens so well but talks so much. And he’s so kind to everyone no matter the circumstance. He is generous, loving, funny and just amazing in every way. He’s so smart Natasha, and not just like a genius but also in every way. It’s so hard to explain, but I love it. He’s not afraid to say something bluntly, and is always truthful. He knows how to have fun and also how to work hard. He’s so passionate and dedicated to everything in his life, and never gives up. It’s like he’s my perfect opposite, with also being so similar to me. I really like him so so much…” Steve finally finished his love confession and looked up to see Natasha staring at him with a sly smirk. “What?!”
“She’s gone.” Steve said softly. “She’s gone, Tony.”
Hey guys! Again, I'm so excited for where this story is going to go. I'm expecting a few more chapters after this before the finale :) glad that this story is sparking so much enjoyment! Feel free to give your thoughts in the comments!
"To you, gramps. But to normal people, it's good!"
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
--<>--
"I still don't know how to dance," he had said.
A loud snort escaped Steve's lips, as he raised his hand to smack it against Tony's shoulder. "You're a child."
Sorry it took so long but the ending is finally here!! Thank you guys so so much for all the comments and kudos! I hope you loved reading this story as much as I loved writing it! I did leave some holes for a possible sequel, so we'll see where it goes. But for now, thanks so much for reading and hope you liked! :)
“Steven is the valiant hero and Anthony is this sassy woman! I see it!” Thor laughed, holding his stomach as Clint wore a smile of victory.
Tony gets a special visitor at the hospital before finally being discharged.
aka Pepper ships stony, Natasha is secretly evil and plots something malicious, and Tony is flustered.
Natasha smirked, nodding. “100 percent. Now, what you need to do. Tony is very oblivious. You say he’s smart, which he is, except when it comes to this. He wouldn’t be able to recognize genuine flirting if it hit him like a bag of bricks. So, we have to be obvious without scaring him off. He’s been hurt a lot with previous relationships. People would date him for money, fame, sex, or just to make fun of him to the press or other people. He might not believe you if you aren't careful.”
“Told you!”
"Come on, Steve, show me. It can't be that bad," Tony insisted, crossing his arms as he shifted on the uncomfortable bench he was perched on outside of the changing rooms.
After his visit with Peggy, Steve has a moment, finally starting to come to terms with Tony's help. The duo then goes on a quick shopping trip, and Steve touches upon a sensitive topic.
“A lot of guys feel that way after coming home. It still feels recent, doesn’t it? The war?”
“It’s a little girl, Tony. She’s six or five. Maybe it’s five. She looks just like my mom. Only she has brown eyes. She’s tiny like Peter is. Her parents are dead. Suspected murder by Hydra. I can’t leave her. I want—I want us to raise her. I want to adopt her.”
A loud pounding at the door draws their attention over.
“I’ll be over here. Studying. If you need help with that.”
“9 or 10?”
“Tony,”
“I’m just messing with you,” Tony says. “Thanks for watching them. It feels great to get more than 3 hours of sleep.”
Peter gets up and walks into the guest room grabbing a few books and notebooks. Returning to the living-room he drops them heavily onto the coffee table. Throwing his pen on top.
“I’ve set up the guest bed for you. I’ve left some towels out for you on the dresser. Is there anything else you need?” Steve asks, standing in the darkened living room in boxers and a t-shirt.
Steve turns around when there’s no answer. Tony is looking around the room taking in every detail. “We lived here?”
Steve turns the radio to a Jazz station.
“Tony—”
“You’re at the prime age for liking jello.”
“He’s a mini version of you. Plus you stress out if we leave him alone for the night. How many times did you call the babysitter last time?”
“No! We have to put the picnic blanket down and you sit on that,” the little girls corrects him.
“No idea. But I’m calling the therapist. Scheduling something for when we get back.”
Tony Stark
********
Steve returns the embrace and closes his eyes as he leaned his head against his long lost friend’s.  He thinks he feels Tony kiss his neck but maybe it’s just his lips brushing innocently across.
Steve sits up quickly as he hears the sliding door open and he turns towards it. A smile spreads across his face before he stands up and goes to his husband and pulls him into a tight hug.
Peter nods weakly as Tony dials the number.
“I shouldn’t let you go after how you acted.”
Another odd thing for Steve to say but it doesn’t register for Peter. He walks sleepily to the front door to retrieve his shoes. He pulls them on over his bare feet, carefully tying the laces just like Tony had taught him. He looks up curiously as Steve walks into the kitchen, trying to make out what he is holding. Steve plugs the sink and turns on the faucet as Peter walk to the counter.
“You should keep an eye on your boy in that house. Take it you don’t know the history?”
Peter freezes at the sound of his father’s voice and slowly turns back towards him. His eyes meet Tony’s but they don’t seem to register anything. He then looks up towards his left before he takes the steps off the deck and into the soft wet grass.
“No, son, it’s not.”
“Hey,” Peter says softly as he enters the living-room. He sees the outline of Tony’s shoulders over the couch. “I wasn’t expecting anyone to still be up.”
“Tony! Don’t say that in front of Peter.”
Peter doesn’t do it and the doctor looks up at him from her seat. “Just try. It doesn’t matter if it’s not that deep.”
“In all seriousness I’m not going to but you need a nap,” Tony says as he leans down to kiss his forehead. “Your arm really ok?”
-----
(See the end of the chapter for
“What do you mean?”
“I think I can forgive you,” Steve teases before he covers his face in kisses.
They sit in silence on the couch, both staring at the empty bed. Steve’s hand is wrapped tightly in Tony’s. Steve rests his head on his husband’s shoulder. “Remember that first Christmas with him?”
“Five. Almost six. I think it would be a good age for a sibling for Peter. They won’t be too far apart.”
Peter gives him a weird look before heading back into the bathroom. Steve wouldn’t approve of drinking directly out of the sink. He returns to the room and climbs over Tony to get to the middle of the bed. Under the covers, he slides in between them before pressing his back against Steve’s and stretching his legs out until they touch Tony’s side.
“Will it be back on before night-time?” Peter asks as he grabs a few candles from Steve, listening to his instructions on where to put them. Tony stumbles as he walks towards them. Steve is instantly at his side grabbing him and steadying him.
Tony stays by the door for a minute trying to listen for any sounds. Steve is being completely quiet though and he seems to have no intention to come back out. He turns back towards the bed not sure what to do with himself. He didn’t like this uncertainty. He was always together and in control. He felt weak and confused and he hated it.
Peter ignores what he’s said and runs his small fingers through Steve’s beard.
“Should have got in the shower with him instead.”
“Not all dogs are nice.”
“You’ve been taking care of your father while I’m away? Not just using him for laundry and food?”
“I’m hungry. Can we stop for snacks?”
“What do you think, Pete?” Tony asks as he pulls his shirt over his head before instructing Peter to lift his hips so he can slide his pants off next.
“Not right now Peter!” his voice comes out louder and meaner than he meant to. The anger at Tony still surging through his veins. His voice becomes more menacing when he returns to talking to his husband. “There’s no fucking excuse for this. I can’t believe you put our child in danger like that.”
“What is it then?”
“He loves you so much. Don’t think this has anything to do with you.”
His father finally leaves his room and Peter is lying on his bed, face buried in his pillow, crying. Steve Rogers had spanked him. His parents had never physically disciplined him before. It was always yelling followed by time-outs when he was younger. Now that he was getting older he was typically sent to him room and sometimes grounded if what he had done was bad enough. It had all happened so fast he didn’t even know what Steve was trying to do when he grabbed him. Not until the pain erupted through his body when Steve’s hand made contact. His bottom was still stinging.
Tony was a light sleeper and he knew Steve had not left the bed. “Where did he take you?”
Steve slides an arm around him. It’s a nice feeling, having someone else sharing his bed. The warmth of Tony’s body against his. He hadn’t realize how lonely he had become
“God…Tony, stop! You can’t tickle him. Christ!”
“Peter! Apologize to your sister.”
Tony places a hand on Steve’s shoulder, his skin feeling hot as soon as his hand makes contact. “Steve,” Tony says and it’s all it takes to calm whatever has taken over him. The anger is gone and he’s horrified that he was just thinking about hurting Peter. His son, that’s scared and already in pain. His son, that needs him to make it all better. It was strange feeling and he couldn’t make sense of what had come over him.
*****
“What was that?”
All day they take Peter from the room for various tests. It becomes quiet for a bit so he sleeps for a few hours while Tony and Steve watched the small television in the room. The nurse is in periodically to check his vitals. When the doctors take him away for more tests, the two men made their way to the cafeteria and ordered food. Neither felt hungry but they knew they had to eat. When they returned, Peter is still not back in the room.
Beverly smirks at him because he always found a local independant sandwich place wherever he went. Peter had ordered a reuben for himself and a veggie Banh Mi for her. She remembered back in middle school when they would order reubens for dinner. There was a little shop with tons of reuben varieties. It was back before she became a vegetarian. She recalled them being tasty but she couldn’t handle the meat anymore. He had also bought a large amount of cheese fries that were absolutely delicious.
“Something was in my room.”
“Never-mind,” Peter says, sounding defeated as he sits down on the couch. “What’s this show about?”
He notices May and Ben packing their suitcase and whispers to Tony. “What’s going on?”
“Just sit still for a minute,” he teases as he rolls her onto her back and tickles her sides. She squeals and giggles loudly.
Peter pulls out of his arms and off his lap to sit next to him. He lets out a sigh and plays with the loose fabric of his pants. “Are you…what does this mean? For everything?”
“We’re on your side here. I’m already pulling some strings. You can understand how it looks?” Natasha adds.
Tony stands up and walks over to them, looking at Peter with troubled expression on his face.
“Steve, pull over. I’m going to sit in the back with him.”
“She’s with Pepper. And yes, she’d be in school right now.”
Tony watches over his shoulder reading along with him until Peter notices and gets annoyed. He turns his body away from Tony and shields his book. Tony invades his space more laughing as he teases him. Peter stands up abruptly.
“Don’t,” he breathes out the one word but doesn’t continue.
She hops off his lap and runs towards the stairs.
Tony shuffled closer, “I’m coming too.”
“Why do you care about my motives?” Steve pressed gently.
Steve looked up at him in shock, he hadn’t expected that. Fury was studying him closely, his good eye assessing Steve with a deep sense of conflict. He was searching for something, but Steve wasn’t sure what.
Not anymore. Not since he left Stark Industries and Howard in the dust and started over. He was reformed now. No more bad decisions or one-night stands. He promised Rhodey, he would get his head sorted and build a small life for himself and try and live it as best he could.
“No, but you love the kid.” Steve replied, washing more warm water over Tony’s body, watching it rush down his skin.
“Who’s Jane?” Tony asked, reading the four letters skilfully carved into the wood.
“No,” Steve replied firmly, “We aren’t playing Rumlow’s game.”
"We'll shoot your boyfriend before you can even find him." Was the reply.
“I thought you already knew it.” Steve mused.
This was part of the process he knew, the waiting. It was a psychological technique to break him down. The endless hours of silence with nothing to do but think about how horrible his situation was and how much he wanted to be free. Then Rumlow would come back in with food or a smile and offer him that freedom in exchange for the Jericho, thinking Tony would jump at the chance at that point.
Steve gripped Bucky’s wrist in his hand, keeping him steady, “I’ve got you, Buck. Just hold on.”
Steve kicked the locker with his foot, testing the metal as it shook with the force. Flimsy enough for Steve to get into at least. He rattled the locker a bit more, mindful of the noise he was making and give it a sharp bang on the side with his fist. The door popped open enough for Steve to wedge his fingers in and pry it the rest of the way.
He never expected it to be like this. Quiet and invisible and bloodless. Steve could fight a war; he knew how to face an opponent when he was staring down the barrel of a gun. How was he meant to win this one when the noose being fashioned was one of his own design?
Steve threw it to the side, hands immediately back on Tony’s skin. His fingers glided down his chest, defined and lithe but packed with muscle. Goose bumps erupted on Tony’s skin as his hands worked on the buttons of Steve’s shirt. He was faster than Steve had been, eager to get rid of the material as if it offended him. Steve found he didn’t mind one bit as Tony pushed him backwards until he hit the edge of the desk and shoved the material off his shoulders to get Steve free.
Steve gave her a small smile, "I'm trying."
Tony raised an eyebrow at him, was that a challenge? Tony nodded and got to work, “First problem. Cameras. They’ll be everywhere. It will take too long to disable them one by one. Someone will realise we’re coming by then. We need a way to take them all offline at the exact same time. Luckily, I helped develop a similar device for the Freedom Line my father put together a few years ago. I can recreate it, a small device I can activate from a remote switch that will fry the cameras and make it seem like a computer glitch.”
She closed up on the subject then, her body going stiff and her eyes cold and Steve knew she was done talking about this, “Can you let me know when Thor gets back from the docks? I want to know what he finds.”
“The first time we had sex, I told you I thought you could cum like this. That was how much you wanted me.” Steve bit out as Tony continued to rut against him, “Let me see it.”
He’s stomach was in knots over Tony and his heart thundered loudly in his chest. He was almost there, this had to be done now.
“Whisky.” Was the reply, “Neat.”
Tony didn’t hit him. Tony was a better man than his father. He was a better man than Steve. He sniffed the air to collect himself and took a deep breath. Steve watched as the wind whipped at his dark hair and his brown eyes filled with tears he was refusing to shred in front of Steve. Strong, resilient Tony Stark. He was worth ten of Steve and now he had a chance to live.
Tony could only hope Thor was right.
Steve stuttered, hips grinding into Tony as he rutted against him.
Steve did frown at the statement, “Orders from who?”
Rhodey sighed, “This isn’t his job.”
He stood in front of him, watching those brown eyes see him properly and his hands uncoil from his sides, “We need to take these off.” Steve said gently, fingers tugging on the jacket Tony wore to help guide it down his shoulders.
“You look well.”
Tony nodded, “That’s good.”
Tony wanted to laugh or throw something. He wasn’t sure which. “Well, I think he probably meant to cancel that order when we broke up.”
The silence returned and it made Tony’s skin crawl. Too many nights with Howard where there was nothing but silence before the breaking of a glass or the sizzle of burning flesh.
Tony shook his head, “You can’t.”
Then he added another finger, Tony’s walls protesting slightly at the intrusion before relaxing into it. Tony was still rocking slightly, using his knees for leverage and Steve couldn’t resist diving in for a kiss. Tony was so gorgeous like this, unable to dampen down his own pleasure and want for Steve.
“I know.” Steve said, “Trust me anyway.”
Steve nodded, letting Tony strip him of the rest of his clothes and push him into the shower with nothing more than his nimble hands and a short kiss. The energy was leaving him, as it always did after a fight like that. He was drained but the water felt nice on his skin and Tony’s hands felt even nicer, so he sighed happily and relax into the other man’s touch as Tony scrubbed them both clean.
“Not much of a secret if I go around giving people my full name, is it?” Steve pointed out, “Besides you don’t even know if I gave you my actual first name.”
“You don’t know him, he’s unhinged. He wants The Avengers gone. He wants Brooklyn. You won’t last the year, Captain.”
“Staying together is more important than how we stay together.” Clint agreed, “It’s not ideal but we’ll make it work.”
“Steve.” Tony whined.
It was a slow process, but Tony was still fighting and for that Steve would thank whatever God made him that way.
He lifted his head, seeing the glaze of Tony’s eyes and the way he held his shoulders too stiffly, “I’m sorry. I’m doing this for you.”
“Don’t stop.”
Tony moaned, “Like that.” He muttered, eyes shut as he rolled his hips again, making himself shudder at the pleasure being strung out of his body.
It was also a key component in the plans for the arc reactor technology that Howard had been trying and failing to produce since Tony was about thirteen. Howard wouldn’t even think twice about why Tony would be asking for that amount of palladium instead of the standard 0.2mg, he’d assume Rumlow wanted an even more powerful missile.
Steve snapped out of it at the sound of Tony’s worried voice. He glanced over at him, looking out of place amongst Steve’s things. “No, Tony, no. Stay, please. Sorry, I’m in my head. Hydra, Rumlow. I can’t switch it off.”
Tony used one of the thick fabric welding gloves that he used when soldering the metal together to hold the device. Constructing a complex rigging system to allow the arc reactor to attach to the glove and sit in the palm of Tony's hand when he put it on.
“And if they’re not?” Fury pressed.
Steve bit his lip, “I knocked Rhodey out back at the station. He’s fine, slight headache. He caught me trying to escape. I tried talking to him.”
Everyone fell silent and Steve had his gun in his hand before anyone could blink. Could this be the demands he was waiting for?
“I need you to come back to the company, back where you belong. I know I wasn’t the best father to you, Tony, I know I made mistakes, but this is about blood. This is about legacy.” Howard reasoned and it was the first time in the conversation that Howard seemed to believe what he was saying.
“I don’t think…”
What he really needed was to see the body. Photos could only show Steve so much and he wanted to know more. There was something dark under his nails in the photos, blood from his attacker maybe? Had the police checked it yet? There would also be marks on his back if the body had been dragged into police for someone to be able to find it but there weren’t any photos in the report of that either.
His cock was leaking and Steve licked his own palm to help lube his cock, spreading both his spit and his precome around the length of him to make sure Tony wouldn’t be in too much discomfort. When he was finished, he moved closer, pressing the tip of his cock against Tony’s entrance as he bit his own tongue to keep himself from moaning.
“I fell asleep, Buck.” Steve told him gently, “Honest mistake, I’m sorry I worried you.”
There was a stalemate between them, locked in this silent battle of wills as Bucky watched from the sidelines. A moment passed, and then another, and another. Tony was starting to wonder whether Howard had even heard him.
His head dipped down as he worked on sucking a path across Tony’s ribs, warm skin under his lips as Tony hitched his legs higher up Steve’s waist. Steve reached his nipple, flicking his tongue against the pert bud, Tony jerked, arms coming up and knocking the fruit bowl off the table, the plastic clattering to the floor as apples and oranges rolled at their feet.
Steve was shaking, threatening to come with every thrust. He could feel the sticky mess of their stomachs rubbing together, Tony’s cock adding more precome to the mess as Steve’s body moved above him. Tony dug his heels in and Steve picked up the pace. He broke the kiss when he needed to breath, panting as he pressed his forehead against Tony’s to keep connected to him as he moved inside him. Tony seemed to understand, one hand cupping Steve’s smooth cheek to keep him there as their pleasure grow.
Tony shivered against him, “Yes.”
Tony hummed happily, hand back in Steve’s sweaty hair, “You smell disgusting.”
Steve allowed himself a smile then, “It was the first thing I brought when I started making real money. An old ally, if you like. Got me out of a few tough scraps in the past.”
Everyone nodded, the details would be worked out later. After they dealt with Rumlow and right now that was the pressing matter.
“About what?”
“So much. Too much.” Tony panted, “I’d do anything for you. I’d kill you for, I’d lie for you, I’d let the world burn for you.”
The sound of his rank coming from Tony’s mouth, like a sinner blaspheming in a church and all Steve wanted to do was ask him to say it again. He’d replay the sound of Tony asking him to fuck him already until the day he died.
Steve wanted to laugh, “He isn’t the one using you for target practice.”
Tony kissed him then, deeply, slipping his tongue into Steve’s mouth with a teasing flick, “So does this mean I can booty call you now?”
“Shower?”
Tony was grateful to be out of the cold, moving past the older man and into the warmth of Steve’s house, “Sorry if I’m late, work at the shop has been crazy over the last couple of days.”
Tony released the nipple with a wet pop, lips moving across the valley of his pectoral before heading downwards, following the natural line of Steve’s abs. There was so much skin under his lips and Tony relished the feeling of Steve’s muscles jumping whenever Tony darted his tongue out to taste him as he went.
His blue eyes had turned dark, the bulge in his pants a lot bigger than before and even while he was tied to the bed Steve was still tracking his every move like a lion would a deer. It made Tony shiver delightfully.
The cops were easy now, Steve could play them at their own game. Give them what they wanted in exchange for the protection of his family. Ross wouldn’t want to make the deal but he’d need a win on this case and Steve was the prize. He’d be forced to make it. He’d get Rumlow too for his troubles so really he’d become an overnight hero.
Steve knew that. He’d guessed as much. If he hung Rumlow out to dry, then he’d have to hang himself as well. But the team, his family, would be safe. They’d be together and they’d have a chance at something after this mess was done.
Steve’s eyes flashed to the door leading down to the garage and back to them, “What happened?” He kept his voice even, but it had been a mistake to pair Bucky and Natasha together for this one. Clearly, whatever they had broken up about ran deeper than Steve thought and now it was starting to affect the whole team and their operation.
He nearly jumped out of his seat when his phone buzzed on the arm next to him. He hadn’t expected a reply, at least he hadn’t hoped for one. He was quick to pick up his phone and open the message. His heart sank when he realised it was from T’Challa, not Tony.
When he started moving he did so slowly, wanting to give Tony the chance to get hard so he could come again. Steve knew that teasing him was the best way to rile up Tony’s arousal and Tony seemed to know that was what he was doing, reaching down a hand to his cock to take it gently in hand. He matched Steve’s pace until his cock started filling with blood again, backing away to let himself grow erect properly without the over stimulation.
“I’m still holding your ass here over night.” Fury told him.
Tony tugged at the hair on the back of his neck, getting Steve to meet his gaze, “Yes, and clearly I’m not the only one who wants it.”
Howard clearly didn’t appreciate that answer and for a moment Tony found himself flinching, waiting for the punch that never came. Instead, Howard straightened his tie, “You’ll rot here. You’ll amount to nothing. That will be your legacy, Tony. Unloved and forgotten.”
Steve nodded, pushing open the car door to step out into the chilly air, the snow was getting thicker, covering the ground in white clumps that Steve knew would still be there come morning.
Tony narrowed his eyes and moved to open the car door, “You’re taking my car I suppose?”
“Sweetheart, I’m just getting started.”
He watched the pleasure mount in Tony’s eyes, stirring in the pit of his stomach and he watched how Tony’s body changed as it grew. His grip on the seat got firmer, Steve could feel the material give way behind him. Tony’s cock jerked when Steve hit a good spot inside of him and his legs shook with little tremors when his pleasure mounted.
Tony swallowed, blinding panic rising up inside him at the thought of having to watch Steve die, the thought of being alone. He barely registered that he was reached a hand behind Ross until he felt heavy cold metal in his palm.
“Sure thing, Cap!” He called out before returning to his work.
“They’re my family.” Tony responded, eyes dark as he all but forced Ross backwards with his presence until Ross hit the desk again and Tony had closed the gap, “And I’ve lost enough of that tonight.”
Tony had spent his day off helping Bucky adjust to his new arm. He made sure to have him test it out in various positions to determine both durability and comfort. Tony has drawn the designs himself, spending hours trying to perfect it before he could show Bucky the finished version. He used the SI resources to create it soon after and now Bucky was the owner of one mechanical arm, first model of its kind and more advanced than anything else on the market. Bucky was taking rehabilitation hard, refusing help and insisting he was fine. It was Natasha that had gotten through to him with some harsh truths about family and support.
“It isn’t going to be like before, you know?” Tony said gently when they broke apart, “It isn’t going to be whatever you say goes.”
Steve hung up the call. The phone in his hand seemed to mock him, vibrating in his palm with an incoming text.
“Morning Kid, who’s your friend?”
“Take me home?” Tony asked gently, lifting his head after another couple of minutes.
Maybe seeing Tony was exactly what he needed right now.
One of his men charged at Steve, the look in his eyes clearly questioning his career decisions and whether he really wanted to go up against The Captain. Steve watched Sitwell crawl further away from the ambush.
Natasha gave him a sad smile, “That’s not why I’m here and you know it. He wants you protected because he cares about you.”
Steve stopped short for a moment, “She was giggling?”
“Don’t thank me yet.”
It was only when Tony was finished, his body heavier than before and a blissful grin on his face that Steve focused on his own needs. He took his hand away from Tony’s softening cock, so he didn’t become oversensitive and then with both hands back on Tony’s hips he doubled his efforts, thrusting like a drowning man at sea.
Natasha’s voice dropped lower, “He’s been arrested. Police picked him up a few days ago and are holding him here in Brooklyn. Ross will conduct the investigation here and then they’ll probably move him to a bigger state for the trial.”
Steve blinked, “What?”
Immediately, the water at their feet started turning pink, running in rivets off Tony’s body as Steve guided him into the warmth of the water. He stopped shivering from the heat and Steve allowed himself a moment of relief, hands working to wash the blood off Tony’s cheek with gentle fingers. They didn’t have a washcloth or shower gel here, guessing that the cops normally brought their own in with them so Steve carefully made sure he caught every bit with his fingers, moving over the skin and revealing Tony’s natural colouring. He focused on his task, other hand cupping Tony’s neck to support him as Steve worked.
“You really think you’re everything they say you are, don’t you?” Fury asked in disbelief.
Tony laughed, hands smoothing over Steve’s shoulders, “You’re asking permission now?”
Then he was gone, not even sparing Fury a glance behind him. He could have shot him in the back while Steve was leaving if he really wanted to, but Steve knew that wasn’t the play he was making. He needed Steve to get Rumlow off the streets and to the police. He couldn’t act against Ross’ orders, but Steve could. It seemed, for now at least, Steve and Fury were tied together in seeing this thing through to the end.
“I thought we were coming up with a plan?” Bucky asked gently.
“How are we going to get him out of this?” Rhodey asked helplessly, “He killed a man.”
Tony cocked his head to one side, “Are you in love with him or something?”
Tony dug through his pocket, holding out the black box he’d spent most of the night creating to show Steve, “It’s a prototype but it should work fine. You hold it up against the lock, press the switch on top to activate it and it will fry the locking system on your cell door. Then you’re on your own.”
“What about breakfast?” Bucky called out as he moved past him to change. Steve whirled back, grabbed a piece of French toast of the plate Bucky had delivered and shoved it into his mouth before heading back to his bedroom.
“I’ll get subs for lunch, I promise!” Peter smiled sheepishly, the cat nudging his hand for attention again, “He was hungry, Tony.”
Fury nodded once, “Neither am I.”
“Rumlow did this.” Bucky huffed, ignoring Steve’s plea, “Rambling about how this was a common thing in Afghanistan. He said…” Bucky coughed, and Bruce pressed his wound tighter, “He said that I was to be brought back home to give you a message. He wanted me to live long enough to tell you…You played him. He knows.”
Steve didn’t think he’d ever get enough of kissing Tony Stark, his tongue just as skilled as his hands as it dove into Steve’s mouth impatiently, his hands shoving Steve’s own trousers down his legs. Steve fumbled with his boots, he couldn’t kick them off without unknotting the laces and he growled in frustration, tearing his mouth away from Tony’s as he reached down to address the problem.
Tony was shaking beneath him, his breath coming out in pants everytime Steve thrust back into him. Their bodies moved together, pushing and pulling to create the friction that was driving them both crazy.
Steve was stronger though, he raised the saw high, making a show of it for Rumlow. It would be a bloody death, a folk story about the rage of The Captain that no one quite believed. Steve brought the saw down with as much force as his tired limbs could manage, severing his neck in a river of red.
The guy moved his feet further part, still raising his gun and Steve almost wanted to smile at the effort he was putting in, “Now target. You want it to be a kill shot, Kid because I swear to you, if I’m still breathing after you shoot me, I’ll make sure I live long enough to watch you die first. You want a head shot or a heart shot? Personal preference. Head’s messier, a gun that size? Bullet’s gonna blow a hole the size of a grapefruit out the back of my skull if you do this right.” Steve told him, “Heart shot takes more skill. You need to aim it just right to get it between the ribs. You hit a rib and I’m going keep on coming.”
“Tony,” Steve groaned, wishing he had the space to throw his head back and just lose himself in the feel of this but his pleasure was on the edge without a way over and he knew he was about five seconds away from taking Tony with a carnal passion until they both came.
At least for a moment.
Rumlow cocked his head at the gun in Steve’s hand, “A shot to the heart? Impersonal. All those times we trained together in the army. All those hand to hand sessions. Is that why you brought a gun? Worried you won’t be able to beat me without it?”
Natasha shook her head, “We didn’t start it. They did.” She looked at Tony with a soft smile, “Hi, I’m Natasha.”
“Are you allowed to be telling me this?” Tony asked gently.
“Army training.” Steve replied, “They made us learn how to get out of knots and handcuffs whilst blindfolded and trapped in the boot of a moving vehicle for basic training.”
Tony shook his head. No way, he was out. He was done. He was free of Howard and he promised himself he wasn’t going back. But then he thought about those bombs in Rumlow’s hands. He thought about Steve willing to rot in a cell to do the right thing and Peter, so young and innocent, he shouldn’t have to live in fear of a man like Rumlow because Tony was too much of a coward to make this deal.
Bucky sighed, “That won’t work. Ross will be looking into this with a fine-tooth comb. If Fury put the dots together then he will as well.”
Steve grinned, “Mind if I steal my fella back from you?” He slipped his hand back into Tony’s as he guided them away from Hammer standing frozen by the drinks table watching them leave.
He found an old empty envelope on the breakfast island that separated the kitchen from the living room and decided that would have to do. He didn’t want to start opening draws to look for paper, he figured Tony would value his privacy. Steve scribbled his note quickly, realising the longer he stayed the more chance he had of Tony waking up. Was there a part of him that was stalling on purpose? To see what Tony Stark looked like in the mornings.
“He’s a fucking kid!”
Steve smiled, “I’m starting to think you’re more of a gossip than Sam.”
“I’ll make sure you have it.” Rumlow replied.
“You’ve never cared about who I see before.”
“What’s happening?” Steve demanded, his shoulders were tense, and his jaw was clenched.
Then it shifted. Steve tugged Tony closer by their joined hands, rolling onto his back with a groan against the mattress until Tony was settled above him. His body lined against every inch of Steve’s, he could feel the muscles under his skin jump against his own, the way Steve’s cock jerked and grew firmer as Tony settled above him. The expanding motion of Steve’s ribcage matched his as they settled into their warmth under the covers that had slipped down to their waists.
Bucky knew, “Brooklyn will have a new King on the throne.” He sighed, “Fuck, what is that psycho doing in our city?”
Steve understood perfectly, “He’s out for blood. All of it.” He gave a sigh and Tony had never seen him looking for worn, “It wasn’t meant to be like this. If they hadn’t been seen, then this would have worked.”
The Hydra goon seemed frozen, his eyes stuck on Steve like a deer caught in a lion’s trap, “You know what, you’re new at this. Let me talk you through it. You want to loosen up that grip on your gun, your palm must be sweating like crazy and in a few minutes your arm is going to start feeling so heavy you aren’t sure if you’ll even be able to hold it up let alone fire it.” Steve watched as the guy relaxed his grip a fraction, “That’s good. Okay, now plant your feet apart a little more. Firm your ground, at least look like you’re going to fire it. No one is going to take you seriously standing like that, Jesus.”
“I love you.” Steve cut him off and then he was being pulled back and forced to the ground. He watched as Tony was hauled towards one of the police cars, his hands cuffed. He tried to look back but the cop with him forced him forward again.
“Loki.” Thor replied, “My brother. He got caught up in something and he died for it and my only thought was to find whoever did it and make them pay. That was my only purpose after I failed to protect him. It was the only thing I could do for him.”
“You really don’t have to. I’ll be fine.” Tony replied, confusion clear on his face.
Steve shook his head, “You killed cops, he wouldn’t help you.”
Tony did as instructed, wiggling out of his pants and boxers. His erection was already leaking precome, making him shiver at the cooler air hitting his oversensitive flesh. He settled himself over Steve’s crotch, straddling him as his hands reached out to his pecs.
Steve stepped closer, pulling the invitation out of his pocket, “I came to ask you on a date actually.”
Steve nodded, “You’re going to be alright. Right, Bruce?” Steve replied, looking at Bruce. Bruce’s face was filled with sorrow, “Bruce!” Steve demanded.
He stopped, letting Tony carry on as he answered the phone and held it to his ear.
“Hey honey, how was your day?” Tony mocked with a wider grin as he sipped his coffee, feet gently thudding against the cupboards. Steve caught sight of a flash of tanned skin at Tony’s side, a silver of teasing making his mouth water.
It all came down to this moment.
“I didn’t know you had a Stark on your payroll.” Fury said.
“What about you?” Natasha asked, hands on her hips.
Steve stood as well, “Lead the way.” He said gently, walking in step with Tony as they made their way out of the bar and into the cold night air.
“Because he’s on Hydra’s payroll and if we really are going to win this war, we need the leverage. He’d be a great credible witness against Hydra for the cops and Rumlow knows it. We can use him.” Tony replied.
Steve could feel himself grow hotter, blood boiling at the thought of Bucky in this place, “You’ve been waiting for me, I see.”
There were muffled words against the tape and Steve frowned, he leaned forward and grabbed one end. The tape was ripped clean off, leaving an angry red mark across his mouth.
“Hydra?” Tony asked because why else would Steve ruin his suit and their night together.
Tony seemed torn, brown eyes searching, “How do you know?”
“I wanted to.” Steve’s voice wavered slightly, “I couldn’t.”
“This family, our family, is falling apart. We’re looking at death or jail as the best case scenario and you don’t even seem concerned about how we’re all going to get through this.”
Steve chuckled, “Anytime.”
Tony tried not to think about his encounter with The Captain, that kiss that he had replayed in his mind several times over or the red staining his neck. “Yeah, must be a real nightmare.” He sympathised, feeling guilty at the jot of pleasure in his gut at the feeling of those lips on his own.
“Steve.” Steve offered, unsure why he did it other than wanting to hear how it sounded coming from Tony’s lips.
Tony had the decency to blush at her statement.
Steve shrugged, “Once my family are safe.”
The place was carnage, broken china and scattered letters on the floor, black marks scuffing up the wood of the entryway. There had been a struggle, that much was clear.
“I can’t. I can’t look away. I can’t.” Tony shivered and Steve knew it wasn’t from the cold.
Steve sighed, “I thought you’d be smarter than this.”
Steve frowned again, scrubbing a hand over his jaw, “Why does this one matter to you so much? Why this case, this Coulson, that would prompt you to go into business with the likes of me?”
Tony didn’t even hesitate, “If that’s what it took to be together.”
He pushed open the door to Rhodey’s office with a shaky hand. He hadn’t slept all night, despite the fact Natasha had ushered him up to Steve’s room and told him to try. Tony couldn’t. The bed smelled like Steve and being there without him felt wrong.
“Widow, Winter, bring me Sitwell.” He called out to Nat and Bucky, using their code names to prevent these cowards from learning their actual names and being able to track them down, “Thor, lets clean house.” Thor was the only one of them that didn’t have a code name, insisting that if the cops wanted to track him down then they were more than welcome to. He had a few questions for them about Loki’s murder.
Another shot rang out, lodging itself in the side of Steve’s motorbike. Steve grimaced as the smoke poured out of it. The last thing he needed was to have to fix that thing on top of his busy schedule this week. He pulled out his own gun, aiming at Sitwell who was trying to crawl back towards his car like the coward he was.
Tony did as he suggested, moving his hands back to steady himself with his palms on Steve’s knees so he could lean his body backwards, stretching his thighs out along Steve’s legs. Steve’s cock was still buried inside him and the change in position immediately changed the angle, allowing Steve to slip deeper into Tony’s heat.
“No,” Steve responded, “Sometimes I think I do. When Phillips recruited me for the gang, I was fresh out of Afghanistan and he said he thought I needed a war to survive. Maybe he was right, I don’t know. The army gave me a lot, but it took a lot as well. Everything I was, I left it in the desert.”
Briefly, Tony wondered how far away the driver had parked yet he still couldn’t imagine his father walking up the flights of stairs to get to his apartment. This wasn’t an area of Brooklyn you’d ever expect to see Howard Stark. Tony frowned at that, Obie must have given Howard his address. It was the only explanation as to why Howard was currently invading his space. Obie came to check in from time to time. Once a year maybe, always because Howard was trying to keep tabs on Tony. He had never shown up in person before.
His cock pushing against his hole but Steve waited, eyes meeting Tony’s for a moment. Tony reached for him. One hand coming up to rest on Steve’s shoulder as he planted his feet flat on the mattress to give Steve an easier angle.
Those eyes were on him again, hands already curling up the paper when he realised Tony was more lucid than before.
Because he had come for him. Even when Tony himself hadn’t believed he would, hadn’t dared to hope. Steve had still come for him. That knowledge made Tony’s stomach flit uncomfortably, it was what prompted him to make his confession last night. They weren’t fuck buddies; they were barely that but that current underneath the sex that neither one wanted to address had been brought to the forefront when he had rounded the corner to find Steve looking for him.
“I’m sure you’ll remember something useful while you work.” Rumlow replied, “If not, I can always persuade you.”
Steve shook his head, “It’s Rumlow. Brock Rumlow. He’s head of Hydra. We’ve got a name now. We know the bodies are being killed in the shipment yards and moved somewhere else. We just need to bring down Rumlow.”
Steve followed his eyeline, eyes scanning the area which in mere moments had become a hub of activity. He watched as more men flooded into the main warehouse from the smaller outhouses like an alarm had been raised. Steve clocked the heavy guns each one carried and instinctively clicked his own safety off.
T’Challa’s reply was instant and left no room for argument.
Steve thrashed against him trying to throw him off balance, “I’ll fucking end you, Rumlow. I swear to God.”
“If it gets me the votes.”
“I really lucked out with you guys; you know?” Steve smiled at her.
“You know who I am, Tony. You know what I’m capable of. Is that really someone you want in your bed?” Steve asked him gently.
The guy laughed, “It drives you crazy doesn’t it? Not knowing.”
“I’ll put Rhodey on it first thing tomorrow and call you if I find anything.” Fury agreed, “We need to find this guy before he kills again.”
“I did this for you. To protect you.” Steve shot back.
Steve went slow, taking over from Tony until he was as far into his heat as he could get from the angle he was at. He waited for Tony to make the next move, giving him time to adjust. Steve moved a hand up to cup his jaw, thumb stroking over his cheek gently.
She nodded, "We're going on a beer run to Sam's and then we're brainstorming. I'd say you have a couple of hours before we need your head in the game."
“Steve, you know I’m grateful for your endorsement but I’m a Congressman now. I can’t just bend the rules to accommodate the local gang.” T’challa sighed.
Steve felt his gut clench, “Let me put you on speaker.”
“Thanks for the drive, Thor.” Tony told the giant in the front seat, “Mind if I borrow your Captain for the night?”
God, he needed a shower.
“You know who’s taking over Hydra.” Steve mused, “Tell me and I’ll make sure when I tell this story, you’ll come out more heroic than you actually were.”
Thor and Bruce had the next floor down. There was a spare room there for Sam, if and when he needed it, but mostly he stayed in the apartment over the bar. Bruce was the only doctor crazy enough to allow Steve to pay him to stitch them all up with no questions asked and absolute discretion. In return, Steve promised to never ask Bruce to represent the gang in the field. He’d taken an oath to do no harm and Steve knew he took it seriously. He was a brilliant doctor and sometimes Steve felt a little selfish to have taken him away from the hospital but Bruce was on the verge of getting fired when Steve found him so at least this way he was able to keep his license and help people in some capacity. Even if those people were questionable characters at best and murders at worst.
“I don’t know if there’s a way out of this one, Steve.”
“No, Steve.” Rumlow smiled, “You killed them remember? Or at least, that’s what Ross thinks happened. He must be on his way by now. I told him once you escaped custody it was only a matter of time before you came for me.”
Bucky wasn’t looking at her, eyes focused on the wall above her head when he replied, “We got him didn’t we? No cuts, no bruises. Guy barely put up a fight.”
He wanted to be uncomfortable with that knowledge, he wanted to feel guilty for breaking one of his own rules in order to spend the night with Tony.
Steve watched him shuffle into the room a little more, to look at Thor as he answered, “I don’t want him selling weapons. If my father is working for him then he’ll still be able to get his hands on some pretty lethal stuff. I’m a Stark, I feel like that responsibility is on me somehow. I don’t want to see any of you go to jail either,” Tony continued, eyes locked with Steve’s now, “So, if the question you’re really asking me is if I’m loyal to The Avengers, then, yes I am.”
“If you don’t mind.”
Steve nodded, pulling back. Of course, Tony had thought about it and it was too much, “I can drop you back, we’ll grab the car.”
Steve should have left the conversation there but he couldn’t help himself, “You got a name?”
“It’s none of our business, Tony.”
“Detective.” Natasha’s voice broke their deadlock, bubbly and nice. An act. She came to a stop by Steve’s side, envelope of immunity deals under her arm, “Sorry, I had to round these up.”
Steve blanched, “What, no!” He assured, holding Tony tighter, “I’m asking you to move in with me.”
He’d done it. Tony had gotten himself free of Howard’s legacy and was putting himself first. He’d told Steve that running SI would end up making him miserable, so Steve had challenged him to change it and Tony had. He would still have the garage and consult for Stark Industries in their new ambitious project but he was still free from the grip of his father and the world of the press that Steve knew he hated so much. In the past two weeks alone, there had been hordes of stories and coverage on Tony’s ability to take over from Howard, his partying ways and the mistakes he’d made as a teenager. Any bad thing linked to him had shown up in full force.
Steve pulled out to the tip and slammed back in again, Tony’s body moving into the desk at the force of the thrust.
Steve watches his daughter as his mind wanders back to the lab reports. One in particular and standing out. They put her in a snowy field without shoes or clothes. She had screamed and begged to be brought back inside. She was so cold that it hurt, the snow burning her sensitive feet. They brought her in and treated the burns. Observed how her body reacted to the whole ordeal. The scientist wrote about it callously in his notes. Another one where they left her in the hot sun, refusing to give her water. Again no clothing and they didn’t put any sunblock on her either. She was fair skin just like him and her poor skin had burned and blistered. She became dehydrated and blacked out before they brought her inside.
“Yes, I am. Now don’t go letting him wander around too much,” Fury says sounding annoyed before he turns to leave.
“Peter,” the woman says in warning as she stands up and walks towards him. Her hair obscuring her face as her porcelain hand wraps around his arm. It’s so cold that it burns his skin. His whole body feels like it has been plunged into ice water. A shiver runs through his whole body and he tries to pull away from her. He feels it before it fully registers in his brain. He’s peeing. It’s wetting the front of his shorts and running down his legs. He screams as loud as he can for his Dads and pleads with her to let him go.
“He’s mad Daddy! He’s mad!”
“Yeah that.”
Peter tries and fails to stop himself from laughing.
“Master Peter is at the kitchen table. Miss Beverly is in her room.”
Peter roars with laughter and tries to pull out of Steve’s hold. “You can’t get away, can you?” Steve teases as he tilts Peter so he’s up-side down as he continues to tickle him. He pulls Peter upright and to his chest. Peter’s breathing is irregular as he fights between crying and laughing. He rests his head in the crook of Steve’s neck, tears leaking out of his eyes and against Steve’s skin.
Peter only re-emerged from the room to switch his laundry around. He finds Tony laying on the couch watching some old movie he doesn’t recognize. An empty plate with a napkin crumpled on top of it resting on the coffee table. Peter felt awful for what he had said earlier. He makes his way to the couch and sits next to Tony. He realizes that Tony is asleep as he gets closer. He leans in to give Tony a hug. Peter feels the man tense underneath him and Tony grabs Peter’s side roughly, ready to push Peter off when those brown eyes open and look at Tony. The grip softens and Tony pulls him close as he shuts his eyes.
“From my vagina, Pops?”
Steve had called Tony earlier saying he really needed to talk with him. Tony was in back to back meetings with stakeholders. By the time he got twenty minutes to himself he was quickly eating lunch and dinner since he never got a chance to eat earlier. He wanted to call his husband but he also needed those twenty minutes to himself to save his sanity. Then the meetings kept dragging on and something came up in the Austrailian office causing an emergency meeting to start up. He was exhausted and wanted nothing more but to collapse into bed.
Tony walks into the bathroom with three popsicles. Beverly is in the warm bubble bath playing with her foam toys and drawing on the walls with bathtub crayons. Peter is sitting in the corner reading a book.
Steve had a whole list of things to prep the night before and Tony had done none of them. Instead he had thought Peter was old enough to watch Beverly for an hour while he tried to get work done in this workshop. Usually Peter could be left alone like this. He only required snacks, a blanket and a movie to be put on the television. Naively he had set up both kids like this and told them to stay put until he got back.
“Pepper out with Morgan?”
“You’d hit the rocks,” Steve tries to explain.
“Santa brought you a gift, sissy.”
Steve greets Agent Coulson as he steps out of the elevator into the Penthouse. Coulson had called earlier and said he needed to stop by to discuss something with Tony and Steve.
“What did you call me?”
Peter pulls the covers tighter around himself. He did not want to leave the warm comfort of his bed.
“It’s no problem. We’ve been sitting in the sunroom watching him play with our dog for an hour now. Throwing the tennis ball and playing chase. Poor Bailey doesn’t get to play as much. We’re getting too old for it. What’s your boy’s name?”
“Ready to meet your sister?” Tony asks as he stands up.
The conversation feels like it’s taking a too serious tone so Steve tries to think of how to change the subject. “Back to the chicken incident.” Steve continues talking about Tony’s cooking mishaps and they end up laughing through the rest of dinner.
Tony starts to blink rapidly, not wanting to cry in the moment. He had to hold it together. Steve is crying and Peter is shivering violently in his arms. “Where’s the fucking medevac? We need to get him into something dry,” Tony says angrily.
“I think you did your best.”
“No,” he whimpers. “Will you stay with me Daddy? Until I fall asleep?”
“Hey Pops, remember that old movie we watched last night?” Beverly asks as she stares out the car window.
He knows he’s responding poorly when he sets her on her feet and grabs her chin so she’s facing him. “Don’t you ever, ever, leave this condo without telling someone again. Is that understood?”
“But I’m not a kid anymore! You and Dad just can’t hide everything from me,” Peter interrupts.
“Papa said Mommy couldn’t come for Christmas but I really want to see her. I thought she would come.”
This chapter was hard to write. It took a while to get how I wanted. I have some scenes I cut out from this story that I'll probably post in My Notebook - my short stories and drabbles series.
Tony pats the cushion next to him. “Take a break from studying and watch this new show with your parents. You’re not too cool for us now?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve sends Peter inside and walks back to the house. Questioning if he did the right thing or if he should dragged Peter home kicking and screaming. It’s what Tony would have done and he probably would have yelled at the elderly couple for not calling him to confirm if Peter was allowed to stay for dinner. It didn’t seem worth the tears to Steve.
Tony scrubs his face with his hand. “Steve, I’d spare a million lifetimes for you if I could.”
“It’s there but it’s faint. Tony, you have to press harder. You might hurt him but the pressure has to be right. You might break a rib but broken ribs are better than brain damage—“  Sam stops himself before adding or death to his sentence.
She nods.
On the third day, Peter is starting to be really alert and irraitated. It is late in the evening when he starts to stir.  Tony and Steve have resumed playing card games. Tony startles and drops his cards as he hears a cry from the bed. He’s up immediately and heading towards his son. Steve is right behind him and they surround the hospital bed.
“He’s not looking at anything,” Tony observes.
Steve sighs as he closes his laptop and runs his hand frustratedly through his hair. They would have to move again in the morning. He and Natasha were up late, biding time before they had to head out on their mission. Natasha stands up from the couch across the room and pulls out a chair at the table. It scratches loudly across the floor before she sits down heavily.
“I think there are things we shouldn’t rehash. We had our reasons for the marriage not working. I can talk to Pepper if you want. She shouldn’t be keeping you from your kid.”
Peter shuts the lights off and heads upstairs, pausing outside of the guestroom. He knocks on the door and waits for his sister to answer. A minute passes and he leans his head against the door and knocks again.
“I did! You didn’t hear me!”
“I know. Mommy told me before she left me. Tim isn’t my father. They had to leave but I’d be safe with my real father, Steve Rogers. He would pick me up from SHIELD. I waited a couple days but he did come. He doesn’t know that I know. You’re my dad too, right? You’re his husband. When can I see Mommy again?”
Peter does what he says and Tony wraps his arm around him pulling him close. He presses his face down into his son’s soft brown curls and inhales deeply. Peter giggles and tries to push his face away. “Why do you do that? Smell my hair?”
“Hmm?”
“Maybe we should? She’d been hospitalized for it. She would have had an easier time if she wasn’t worried about you two. You don’t know how your kids were when you had to leave. They were scared. Peter would—”
“He’s not my father. I mean he helps me out and I stay here some breaks. May remarried. You know, to give her some space. She’s at a work conference this week. I’m not staying with her husband.”
“Peter!” Steve scolds trying to keep his voice quiet so not to disturb Tony more.
“Me too.”
“Of course,” Tony says curtly.
Steve pulls the door open and grabs Peter by the arm to lead him outside. Peter stands firm and refuses to budge. “I can’t go outside. Daddy will spank me again.”
Steve reaches out to rub her shoulder and she recoils away from him and buries herself closer to Tony. Steve has just enough room to get on the bed. Peter is excited and tries to ask about the mission.
The children seemed nice, ghosts or not, so Peter went over to sit by them on the floor.
“Steve?” Beverly calls from down the hall. Steve wipes his eyes, and his face becomes a mask with none of the previous emotions on it. A smile spreads across his face as he leans down and opens up his arms. Beverly runs towards him and he picks her up.
“Yeah but I missed having Papa there.”
Steve looks at him quizzically.
Steve kisses his forehead. “Don’t be an ass.”
“Look at me! I’m Tony Stark!”
“It’s real,” Peter mumbles as he pulls back from Tony.
Steve suddenly releases Peter almost causing him to fall into the floor. He looks over at Tony horrified. “Is everything a joke to you? Is there no line you won’t cross? Get out of my way,” Steve demands as he pushes past Tony to leave the room. “I can’t stay in this house. I need to punch something,” he complains as he makes his way to the door, grabbing the car key and his phone. He assumed there would be a gym in town with a punching bag he’d end up breaking and Tony would have to pay to replace. It was better than hitting Tony, there was no coming back from that.
Peter follows Steve out into the sunroom, climbing into his lap as he sits in one of the lounge chairs. Steve wraps his arms around him and comments on how cuddly he’s being today. Ben is out on the deck grilling ribs. Tony is keeping him company. May is in the kitchen preparing macaroni and cheese and corn on the cob. She refused any help from Steve and sent them out of the room.
“Tell you what. Once Tony is awake I’ll ask him. It’s 7:40 now. I’ll call you back in an hour.”
“Daddy? Can I have a sugar cookie?”
“Yes, we found evidence of ghosts in the house.”
“Tony, go to bed. Don’t worry about it.”
“Papa!”
They begin their walk into the woods and Peter gives up on fighting it. He hurt all over and his nose was starting to bleed. They descended into the pitch darkness of the forest going deeper and deeper into it. It felt as though they had walked for miles, his feet were beginning to feel sore. The lack of sleep was getting to him and he wanted to rest. Just for a moment to sit in the soft underbrush of the forest floor. He didn’t dare because he feared another beating from the creature.
Recently, Peter had become obsessed with the cliff. He’d beg Tony almost every night to tell him the story of how he found the property and built a house on it. Steve had heard the story so many times but part of him didn’t mind, he enjoyed seeing his son excited about it. He wished he’d just let them read him a book. Steve had been reading a book from his own childhood to Beverly. The Wind in The Willows, published in 1908, and he was very much enjoying recreating that world for her.
Peter snatches it up ignoring the microfibers now stuck to it. He starts to suck on it. A light pink stain is now on Steve’s shirt.
“Hey calm down. I’m the one who loses my temper,” Tony says trying to defuse the situation. Steve glares at him and crosses his arms.
“How was the drive?”
“You think I did?”
“We’ll meet you on the jet,” Natasha calls out as Clint grabs Steve’s bag and they head back outside.
“It’s no problem. You don’t have your little boy with you?” Ron inquires.
“Sure. It won’t take May that long to get ready.  I just have to brush my teeth and put shoes on,” Ben says as he starts to bring up the booking information. They were to be at the harbor about forty minutes before their whale watching cruise was to go out. Lunch was part of the cruise and afterwards they were going to tour a few lighthouses nearby. He hoped Peter wouldn’t be too crabby by the end of it. They hadn’t decided if they’ll eat out or return to the house to cook. They discuss the plan for a bit before Steve excuses himself.
“But he’s not supposed to be working.”
Steve goes about twenty feet back and sits on some wooden steps leading up to a house just beyond. He could keep an eye on the two but still be out of earshot.
“No, no, I love it. You’ll have to show me all the new bells and whistles.”
Tony becomes more sympathetic as he reads the upset look on Steve’s face. “Tony, who the hell would do this? Do you think—” he lowers his voice so only Tony can hear, “—May or Ben did it? Like as a joke?”
“Looks like one of mine but it isn’t something I made.”
“Man of Iron, I’m here to help.”
Peter sets down his toy plastic razor and focuses on the bag of toiletries on the counter. After a few minutes he reluctantly says that he isn’t sure. Tony turns towards Peter, slipping his hands under his armpits and hoisting him up, placing him on the counter top. He returns to the sink and rinses off his own face and his razor. He dries his face and then stands directly in front of Peter so they’re making eye contact. He uses the towel to wipe the rest of the shaving cream off of Peter’s face. Peter snorts as shaving cream is inadvertently pushed up his nose. Tony hands him a tissue. “What happened in the woods?”
Steve looks over to the dining room the table already set. It looks as though they are in the middle of eating. “We’re having dinner at home. You need to ask us first.”
Tony chuckles and smiles over at Steve, forgetting for a moment that they’re in the middle of a fight. Steve returns the smile and shakes his head. “We haven’t been to Asgard.”
“Why are we here?”
“Who are you?” Tony asks.
“What is the meaning of this?”
“What?”
“Oh, I’m so sorry. I can make you something else. A virgin margarita?”
Peter knows that isn’t right and that the water will destroy the electronics. He doesn’t question it anymore though and just accepts that Steve is right.
“Peter,” he whispers, “are you awake?”
Steve carries Beverly from her room. She’s sleepy and disinterested. She’s struggles for a second when Steve places her on the couch not wanting to be put down. Her eyes go wide as she sees the gifts. A smile spreads across Steve’s face, he’s waiting for her to get excited. She climbs off the couch but doesn’t head for the tree and instead climbs under one of the side tables.
“Christ. She’s five.”
“My mouth hurts.”
“Dad! The turkey!” Peter whines.
Steve struggles to hold back a laugh. “What? Did you read that off the back of a romance novel?”
“Have you made cookies with Daddy?”
, which was created to improve communication between readers and authors. This author invites and appreciates feedback, including:
“No,” and she’s back to eating looking upset but she’s off the subject. He missed his chance to get information. They were things he didn’t want to hear or know about.
“I love you and your sister, you know that?”
Steve is shocked by the question and he is at a loss for words.
“You can count, can’t you baby?”
“Yes?” he answer hesitantly. Were his kids thinking he was senile and unable to remember the previous night? He glances over at her before returning his eyes to the road.
Tony is kneeling by the tub playing with Beverly when Peter finishes cleaning up and returns to the room.
“I did. It doesn’t come out.”
Tony laughs and Steve starts to kiss down his stomach pulling down Tony’s boxers at the same time. Steve pauses and rests his head against his thigh, “dammit.”
Steve leads them to a vending machine outside a conference room. Beverly’s eyes light up as she sees the bright packages of the ice cream bars and ice cream cones.
Peter cuddles into her and closes his eyes. Resting his head on her soft breasts and threading his small fingers through her hair. He wondered if this was what having a mother was like. He wishes he had more memories of his parents. Mary and Richard Parker. It was all bits and pieces. Steve and Tony have been his parents for three years now. It was strange living in their house at first. He assumed it would be like the other homes and he wouldn’t be there for long. Now it just felt so natural. He was happy having his two dads. He opens his eyes, “I want Aunt May to put me to bed.”
Tony stands up suddenly and starts to head out of the room. Everyone turns towards him and watches him leave. He returns a minute later with a thin felt covered box that he opens up the reveal two expensive looking pens.
“It’s the middle of summer. Take the blanket off,” Steve tells him with laughter in his voice.
“Because that’s where you died. You weren’t able to come back in until Peter opened the door.”
“Yes. She takes after you in a lot ways.”
“We ran her DNA after she was brought in. She’s your child. About two years younger than Peter.”
“Sure. Go grab your Legos.”
FRIDAY is bringing up a picture of naked woman with shiny crystals covering her nether regions.
“You leave the boy at a rest stop?”
“Why don’t you show Phil your new Lego set while I make some coffee?”
Tony walks quickly down the hall and  knocks at the door to Peter’s room. Of course Steve would be the one to break their agreement.  Considering everything Peter had gone through his few short years in foster care they had decided against physical discipline.
Tony unwraps the gift, and opens the white box pulling out a leatherbound book. He slowly flips through the pages, it’s full of sketches Steve had done this year. Candid ones of him in his lab working, making breakfast, doing research. Tony feels a blush raising up on his face as he finds one of himself sprawled across the bed, a thin sheet covering his lower half.
“You can go to your room now Peter.”
“It will get infected if you keep touching it.”
“We stopped an hour ago. He’s fine,” Tony complains from the driver’s seat.
Steve kisses her head and then pulls Peter close for the same treatment.
“You don’t hear it?” Steve says sitting up. “It’s Peter. He’s crying.”
Peter squeezes between his parents and greets the neighbor. “How is Bailey doing?”
Peter knew Tony drinking wasn’t going to be good, but he didn’t know how to stand up to him. The will to listen to his father and do as he was told was too strong. He turns and head back to the bar cart. Grabbing the items Tony asked for, taking them outside into the glaring sun and setting them on the patio table.
“Can you tell me about the doctors?”
He notices Steve’s cell-phone charging on the nightstand and grabs it. He has only been back in this reality for a few days and SHIELD was doing everything to keep him away from technology. He was upset and needing to talk to someone. Not to Steve obviously. He had always relied heavily on Rhodey and Pepper so it would have to be one of them.
“You and Steve didn’t but you should have. How is that protecting your children?”
Steve returns after his run sweaty and ready for a shower. He sees Peter curled up under a light blanket. “Is your Daddy up?”
Peter sighs and stomps back inside, pulling the door closed behind him. Locking it automatically, not even thinking about what he’s doing.  He lays across all three cushions of the couch and grabs the remote off the coffee table.
Steve cuddles up to his side, resting his head on Tony’s chest. “I had a weird feeling earlier today. It felt like I lost a few minutes. I can’t sleep. My brain is trying to figure out what happened then.”
“Neither is Tony. Driving is probably better. I still want to take Pete for a walk in the woods.”
And that was it, wasn’t it? Tony deserved an alpha who wouldn’t cheat, Tony deserved a pack who told him of such a crime. But Tony had a selfish pack, who wanted to keep Tony at any cost. If that meant lying to his face then so be it, anything to keep Tony in orbit.
“They have all sorts of names around the galaxy, there’s an old civilization in a deep part of space. They told me the stones created the universe itself. That old God’s crafted space and time itself into these stones.” Carol said as she put down her fork and wiggled her fingers, mimicking how a camp counselor would tell a scary campfire story.
“‘We were on our way’ he says!” Jan laughed. “Where the hell did you run into Strange?” Jan asked, her steps in sync with her friends as they rushed down the white halls of the compound.
This was the magic of Jan that Tony treasured. Even in dark times, she was a
“Want to give us a rundown of what an infinity stone is?” Rhodey asked Carol as he picked up another dumpling and dropped it on Tony’s plate next to him. The omega happily obliged to eat it.
“We’ve got them by the balls, Tones.” Rhodey said as they walked to the main conference room. That actually got Tony to laugh as they came into view of the room. Through the glass Tony could see his ex pack was already there. Tony felt anxiety pump through his body, but also a sense of calm. Tony took in one more deep breath before breathing out and walking into the room like he owned it.
Tony lost himself in the crowd, just walking with the migration of people. He didn’t want to think about how his marriage was over. He was losing his alpha. He was losing Steve. Tony shook his head before he let himself think any deeper. They did this to him. Tony deserved better.
But they were together again. Against all odds. So the day before Tony was scheduled to come back, Steve let himself indulge what had been ripped from him. When Steve woke up he could hear the pack downstairs making breakfast and chatting. If Steve thought about it
Carol smiled and looked back at the alien armada still coming through.
“So deep, it’s so deep Steve.
“Thank you, Stephen.” The omega said quietly with a nod. Strange just nodded his head, willing the blood in his cheeks to go away. With that, Stark quickly went into his room. Strange heard the door click as Tony locked it from the other side.
. Breaking a bond wasn’t illegal, just a pain in the ass. Usually leaving flu like sickness to both the alpha and omega if the bond wasn’t renewed each heat cycle. It usually lasted during the duration of the omega’s heat cycle and a couple days after words. After that, it was like recovering like a bad hangover.
“I hate you.”  She said as she sat her drink down and went to greet the god. “I hate your smug eyebrows too.”
“I’m glad the feeling will be mutual.”
“And?” Tony asked the other omega, Jan through him a look.
“I shot at the bastard.” Jan said against Tony’s neck where her face was buried.  “He came by asking where you were and I just shot at him, fucking prick.” Jan said, surprised at her own voice cracking. and Tony let out a wet laugh against her shoulder. He sniffled and pulled back from her.
The thing was, Tony was raised by Maria Stark. That
, how could we deny you of love? How could
I just wanted to clear up my comment about not leaving mean comments. I'm not talking about constructive comments or conversational comments!! They deleted their comment now but they were very demanding about how I should write and how I should go with the fic. It was very direct.
“I wanted to ask if you would allow me to cast protective shields onto your property and home.” The alpha said, his head held high. Something in Tony deflated with disappointment that
“You fucking idiot! Are you
. She was right? Tony doesn’t admit when she’s right, this is
Carol looked up from the binder and at Fury who raised an eyebrow at her. “Do you have one on me?
say hi on tumblr! @sailorslowbro :)
Steve could never not love Tony with all his being. Tony completed him, they were so in sync and so in love that Steve cried the entire time Bucky slid on his cock for the first time in 90 years. This was never planned, Steve never wanted this.
“And?” Jan asked, not acknowledging the Steve situation.
Steve’s mouth was talented, much more skilled than Tony had been with Bucky. Steve hummed around Tony and Tony yelled. Everything he was feeling was all so new, and it was intense, hot and Tony loved it. Tony tugged on Steve’s hair harder.
“Thank you, Tony. It must have been out of your way.” Steve said, walking across the room to look inside the bag, the smell of homemade vegetable soup with baked bread filling the room. Tony only shook his head to let Steve know it was fine. Tony was
in Strange’s direction.
They both knew that wasn’t how the world worked, you just can’t have it all. Cause and effect, for every action there is a reaction, life and death, yin and yang, give and take. This was the one law of the universe. And Steve was arrogant enough to think he could be the exception. As most humans did.
Tony nodded at the alpha.
in his eyes when Jan told the alpha these ships seemed to be homing in on Tony. Jan could only imagine his panic if he knew.
And Tony had been so gracious and patient. Said he understood and not all surprised. HYDRA brainwashing was nasty and would be worried if Bucky wasn’t a little fucked up from it all. When Steve had told Bucky about what year it was and how he was not Bucky’s alpha. Bucky seemed upset but understood. After that, Bucky and Steve had no problem slipping into friendship.
. In California. She-she said even my dad didn't know about it. She used her
“Jan, obviously Stephen and I can’t-”
Bucky sat in his room, waiting for Steve to join him in bed. Steve couldn’t stand to sleep in his own bed without Tony. A part of Bucky wondered what things would have been like if they had done it right. If Steve had asked Tony about a second omega. He quickly shook the
So Tony simply turned around and headed down the stairs, to see most of his pack. They all turned to him and all their eyes widened. Even
“Of course not.” Was all he left the group with before crossing his portal and disappearing along with the portal. Leaving them with the clean up.
Tony was also a sucker for his salt and pepper hair. Stephen was handsome. Tony had thought so since the first moment he had seen him on campus. His eyes never left the books in front of him. Even if Tony did attempt to catch the alpha’s eye once or twice before giving up. And Stephen now,
“I just need a couple more minutes, something is
Jan was rarely at the estate, she had taken over as the full leader of the West Coast Avengers. She was heading every mission assigned to them along with any and all press. Since mostly everyone else was doing what they could to track down Thanos's daughters. Carol had been able to get their names from the Nova Core, Gamora and Nebula.
Tony watched as Carol stopped in front of the swarm of ships. Almost stopping his flying when he saw one of the ship’s weapons hit Carol. Carol seemed to be perfectly okay but that means these ships weren’t 100% friendly. Which just made things harder.
“Strange! The portal!” Rhodey almost pleaded as he kept shooting at the ships that were coming for the wizard.
. A lot calmer than when I last left.” She said with a shrug, she leaned against the porch and sat herself on the ledge. “Basically, the Nova Cora has got a handle on things. No need for the big guns.” She said and winked at Nick smiling knowing she was the '
“Well sorry we don’t know all the secrets of the universe.” Jan almost growled, she had forgotten how arrogant the alpha could come across.
“J, you’re the best.” Tony thanked the AI.
“Feelin better?” Bucky asked, moving toward the bedroom to take a shower.
Natasha turned and pushed against Steve’s body to give her the momentum to jump and meet the Winter Soldier, who was running to Steve’s aid. Natasha wrapped her thighs around Bucky’s face and proceeded to stab Bucky in the back. Bucky let out a cry and that’s when Steve was pulled out of his shock.
in this.
Thank you for all the comments!! I really didn't think it would get such activity! I hope you guys enjoy :)
answers. Both Fury and Steve had grilled them on who Stephen was. They remained tight lipped, even Carol wouldn’t budge, just saying he was on their side and asked to be left out of this.
“Oh, would you, Janet?” The alpha shot right back.
is there to talk about Steve? What?” Tony egged him on, his hands shaking. “You cheated on me, fucked behind my back. There’s no coming back from this, Steve. There isn’t. I deserve better.”
The pep in Jan’s step slowed as Natasha stood right next to Fury’s door. She had a black duffle bag slug across her body and a red envelope in her hand. Jan slowly made her way toward the alpha. Natasha was one of the few alphas Jan actually liked and got along with. When things first unraveled Jan had a difficulty believing Natasha was complicit in any of it. It was obvious the alpha adored Tony. Maybe she had adored Bucky just a little more.
“You went into distress. I put you in here to rest. Scents of an alpha and friends help with distress. Also blocking out most things that stimulate the senses.”
I'M BACK AND I OFFICALLY HAVE A COLLEGE DEGREE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I GOT IT YES BITHCES!!!!!!! CHOCOLATE VINILLA SWIRTH WITH COOKIE CRUNCH PLEASE !!!!!!!
“Are you guys really going to try to
I hope that clears some things up! I really don't mean to make this all serious. I'm just some person writing a fic for fun, ya know, it isn't that deep ya know. It's all chill here.
They promised to love him, he took care of them. And
“So what do we do until then?” Carol asked.
He vaguely heard Pepper tell him she called Rhodey when she came back from her battle station and Tony
Bucky didn’t react to the news, but Natasha saw Steve deflate even more. All his attempts to communicate with Tony had been moot and it was starting to show in the super soldier. Even Bucky’s presence wasn’t enough to bring the alpha back from the black tar pit that was Steve’s regret and depression. Natasha wanted to snap at Steve at times, this was all their own fault. Why be sad about it when they were all aware of their actions? But Natasha knew better than that.
. Carol was the first to break through Stephen’s hard-shell exterior. Jan had run to Tony in absolute glee that she saw Stephen crack a smile during a meeting at SHIELD. Carol was making light but petty comments under her breath as Steve was going on a monologue about trust between the teams. The irony escaped
.” This guy sounded tired.
“Well?” She asked, Tony full well knowing what she was asking. Tony just shrugged and looked out the window. It was dusk and quickly turning into night. He quietly slipped his wedding ring off his finger and dropped it into his pocket.
“Look me in the eyes, Steve and tell me you don’t want Bucky.” Tony challenged, slamming his hand on the elevator button that held the elevator still. Steve looked like he slipped into Captain America mode, strategizing his way out of this alive. A minute of silence went by, Steve’s own back filling in behind him. “Yeah, that’s what I thought Steve.” Tony whispered and pushed the elevator button again. The doors started to close but Steve slipped in at the last second.
Jan hummed as she walked down the halls of SHIELD. It had been a couple days since she and Tony had their talk in his kitchen. She was proud Tony had finally admitted his feelings about Stephen and his unresolved feelings about Steve. There was still a lot of work to do but Jan was hopeful about the future.
And with the motion of his wrist, the wizard was gone. Jan was taking out pots and pans before diving into the refrigerator for ingredients. As soon as the alpha’s portal closed Jan looked at Tony with a mischievous glint in her eyes.
Tony looked at him in shock, almost disbelief. It was brief but there before it was quickly replaced with amusement. Tony’s tense shoulders dropped and the omega
Strange supposes if anyone could understand and believe him it would
Tony started to laugh out loud. An actual laugh that warmed his belly. His face suddenly didn’t feel 100 pounds. It feels like the first smile in years.
Steve cried as Bucky sank his hot, wet heat on his cock but he still didn’t stop Bucky. Steve wondered if Bucky thought the tears were for him. Steve cried because he knew his days were limited. His pack, his Tony, the moment he kissed Bucky he knew he’d lose it. A part of him hopes they can all get through this but Steve knew better.
? Are you fucking-” Natasha contained to yell as she still struggled in Bucky’s hold. “Get off me you, Barnes! I’ll fucking kill you both, under Tony’s roof!
The behavior of the ships changed, they seemed to move as one. As soon as Jan was down, the ships swarmed together and headed straight for Tony.
“What happened?” Tony rasped, his voice dry. Without blinking, Stephen provided a glass of cold water, helping Tony sit up on the bed and brought the glass to his lips. Tony took small, gentle sips.
“Sorry, Iron Man.” Jan said. Tony knew she wasn’t sorry at all. As Tony took off into the New York sky, so did Stephen. It wasn’t until Stephen was zipping around just as fast as Tony that the omega believed the cloak could make the alpha fly.
What she didn’t expect was Bucky Barnes waiting right outside.
” Natasha asked Bucky in Russian. The omega looked at her and blinked, surprised at such a bold question. Even if they both knew Steve didn’t understand a lick of Russian.
So unlike the Stevie he only remembered in his dreams.
familiar to Tony. He
Steve, at first, didn't understand why he had been suddenly ripped from the small apartment to Bucky’s room in the pack compound. There was a ringing in Steve’s ear, blocking out mostly everything. He heard muffling to his right, where the door was. Steve looked down to see his hands were no longer on Bucky’s hip. Bucky looked to be scrambling off the bed. Steve cocked his head in confusion. That wasn’t right.
” Wasp said matter of factually.
She had also brought Tony’s favorite companion. Goose. The cat had attached itself to Tony quickly. He was often exploring the property and when the cat wasn’t, he was curled up next to Tony.
“What?” Stephen asked, a little huffed that he was being kept out of the loop.
“You’re fucking gorgeous, sweetheart.” Steve hissed, Tony only moaned softly around Steve’s thumb in agreement. Steve took his hand back, lifting Tony up by grabbing the back of his thighs. Tony yelped and wrapped his legs around Steve. Tony leaned down to kiss Steve again, hands playing with the hair at Steve’s nape. Steve slowly backed up to the edge of the bed and sat down, content with Tony in his lap. They stayed that way before Steve turned both he and Tony and gently tossed Tony onto the bed. Tony wasted no time, grabbing the bottom of his sweater and pulling it off. Steve put his arms on either side of Tony, kissing and licking Tony’s neck. One of Steve’s hands played with Tony’s pink nipple, causing Tony to squirm.
Jan knew Steve, they didn’t go on life threatening missions together and not learn a thing or two about the other. Jan saw the flicker of
“Yeah, Strange.” Jan said more solidly. Allowing Tony to play his words game to avoid the conversation. They both knew she would wiggle it out of him sooner or later. “He’s really stepped up as an alpha, don’t you think?” Jan said sweetly as she got into the cupboards and drawers for a cutting board and knives.
The omegas face was pink, his lips wet and his eyes a deep brown color. Darker than Strange had ever seen them. Strange quickly shoved all his feelings down, this wasn’t the time or place. He wouldn’t be like everyone else here, he wouldn’t take advantage.
Rhodey was going to kill Steve Rogers with his own two hands and not blink once.
“I can talk with Fury then.” Jan said, her face in the fridge as she put away the milk and eggs. “I’m sure he’ll jump at the chance to expand his hold.
“Yes.” Strange said, looking more defensive by the second. Thor studied him before nodding.
But still, this was a Sorcerer Supreme, protector of this realm and many others and more often than not he was making
Steve smelled like honey, his skin was soft against Tony’s cheeks. Tony was so intoxicated that he didn’t notice Steve hadn’t let go. Steve was running the hand that wrapped around him up and down, lifting Tony’s MIT sweatshirt up to feel bare skin. Tony shivered, feeling goosebumps spreading. And his dick twitched in interest. Steve turned his body so Tony was facing his chest, now running both hands up and down under his sweater.
Like Steve, Bucky just couldn’t let go of the past. Maybe it was because he felt cheated out of what their life could have been. They could have gotten married, a house with a fence and some kids. Instead Bucky was mind fucked for years and was nothing more than a puppet to HYDRA. They had made sure he wouldn’t have kids, too much potential to distract from the mission. And the person who had ultimately paid for all this was Tony Stark.
The last time Tony saw Stephen Strange it was at the boarding school Tony’s parents had sent him to in his teens. Jan had tagged along with. Stephen Strange was in his last year at the school during his and Jan’s first year. He had a couple of math classes with Strange, they even chatted in class now and again. He had been one of the few nice people at the school. Always studying for something.
“I’m not proud, Natalia.” Bucky said, sounding broken. “Tony deserves better than us.”
Thank you so much for the love and support !! <3 <3 <3 Ya'll are so sweet :^)
Nicholas Fury poured himself two fingers of whiskey in his kitchen, somewhere on the outskirts of New York. It was a nice size of land, it let him have more privacy than in the city. Jan coming by had thrown something he had planned in a loop but he would figure it out. He made his way out on his porch and sat on the rock chair that sat under the porch light. Nick sat and listened to the soft rustling of the grass as it blew in the wind.
“You, naked and tied up on our bed.” Bucky said in a deep voice. Bucky could hear something fall over on Tony’s side. Bucky threw his head back and laughed. “He’s got a cold so some soup and bread will do, he likes just about anything.”
?” Tony almost seethed out but he curled his hands into tight fists to hold himself back. “Hear you out? Accept him into the pack? Do you
for Tony. Making the omega food and drinks that greatly benefited a pregnant body. Not that Tony didn’t like it.
“Jan didn’t know.” Tony said softly. He was more present than he has been all day but this time he was just exhausted. “She would have told me.” Was all Tony said.
“Take me to Pepper.” Tony mumbled out, the car started to move and Tony looked blankly into space until the car eventually stopped. Tony had no idea how long he had been driving. Tony assumed JARVIS called ahead of time because Pepper was waiting outside Tony’s country vacation house that was 4 hours outside of the city. Pepper must have been taking a weekend to herself.
Steve’s therapist would say it’s because Bucky thought he had no right to ask that Steve. Steve’s therapist was a smart woman.
“Omega Tony!” The god yelled from his belly. “We have returned!”
“I don’t even know if the man wants kids, Jan. Or to be in a pack, let alone be the alpha of one! It’s a lot, plus-” Tony stopped himself. Jan raised an eyebrow as a signal for him to continue. “I don’t think I’ve really dealt and moved on from Steve. I do like Stephen. But I don’t want to drag him into whatever
“Expect for the current Avengers.” Nick countered with.
There were always at least two members of the West Coast Avengers, usually Bruce and
“We are getting drunk and we are watching the original Star Trek series.” she said with a little squeal as she shimmied toward Tony. Tony put his hands on his stomach and more tears formed in his eyes.
“And yet somehow are multiplying like fucking rabbits.” Tony joked into the coms as he put more power into his repulser's in his boots, speeding away from the ships faster.
“My cloak.” Stephen answered. “He lets me fly.”
.” Tony mumbled, moving his hips just a little to test the waters. Steve’s hands moving with Tony’s hips, encouraging him, reassuring him. Tony finally opened his eyes, moving his hands from his shoulders and down to Steve’s abs. Just the tip of Tony’s fingers touching skin, keeping him balanced as he started to bounce. Tony whimpered and moaned as he moved his hips up and down, keeping eye contact with Steve which made things
Tony could only nodded his head, because Steve was 100% completely right. “
“Malibu has always had a soft place in my heart.” Jan said wistfully, rolling with Rhodey and Pepper. She put the bagels face down to cook next to the eggs. “Sunny and warm. I always hated winter in New York.”
“No, Earth is protected by not only me but the Nova Core. It doesn’t really have any unique resources, most species don’t even
, Jan was never this panicked on the field. “They want to take him! Tony!” She yelled as she watched the swarm of ships surround Tony, she could hardly see him. “Damn it, someone get to him!”
Tony let out a sight and rested his chin in his hand. “
Jan held in a bitter scoff. “
“Steve knows about this house.” Pepper said. “They’re not stupid they’ll know to come here.”
A loud clap of thunder cracked through the sky, causing everyone but Stephen  to jump. Than a rainbow colored beam shot down from the sky, burning the field of flowers a couple of feet away from the house. As soon as the beam appeared it was gone. The field branded with symbols of old gods. In the middle was Thor, with Bruce standing next to him
Rhodey and Pepper looked at each other with smiles, this was the first time Tony had laughed and looked genuinely happy. Jan was pulling him upstairs while asking Rhodey to bring her suitcase. Jan chattered about how yellow was a perfect nursery color as they made their way into the room the three had been sleeping in. Jan didn’t stop spewing out ideas even as she dug into her suitcase again. Not stopping until she found the MIT sweatshirt she had brought and threw it to Tony who buried his nose into it.
Tony floated the counter and ordered a fat slice of the cookies and cream cheesecake and a large decaffeinated caramel mocha. It must be the pregnancy cravings starting because
“There’s a soup place on the way to my place. Let me shower and I’ll bring him some. I’ll text you when I do.” Tony said, the sound of a car door closing was heard.
Tony knew Christine Palmer’s file, he had done his own vetting with slightly more invasive and illegal avenues. Something he was ashamed of but does not regret, he would do absolutely anything to protect Peanut. And he had found her squeaky clean and an excellent doctor, she’s never lost a life under her care and every patient she has seen through their pregnancy had nothing but a glowing review for Christine. She had excelled in her schooling, she was beautiful, she was vibrant, she was an omega.
“Not a phone call or letter.” She said barely above a whisper. Her face was still cold and unreadable, but she never could completely hide from him. Not when she was 9 and her feet were bleeding from dancing in unbroken ballet shoes and certainly not now. “I just want-”
Jan was in her penthouse in New York. She had been in the middle of sewing a new dress when Natasha had called her an hour ago. Natasha asked her if she knew where Tony was. That kick started Jan’s absolute terror because how could his pack not know where her best friend was? When Jan told Natasha she didn’t know where he was Natasha simply cursed in Russian and hung up.
Steve sat closest to the door, next to him was Natasha, then, Clint, Sam and then Bucky. Tony took his seat directly across from Steve, Pepper and Rhodey following him.
omg I'm so sorry this chapter is a little short but I don't want to make the story too long. We'll see! I might turn this into a series, I just have a lot I want to do but don't want to shove it all in just for the sake of it.
Strange was surprised to see Stark walk into his math class. It was a senior level class. Mostly everybody here was 21 and they were sending this kid in? Tony didn’t have a problem with the math, no, he was even correcting and helping their professor once in a while. It was his so-called peers. They belittled the omega every chance they got. Talking to him like a child, and Strange could see how angry it made Stark.
. “Natalia-”
don’t even like Steph-” Tony tried to save any face but the look on Carol’s face told him he had lost this round. Tony deflated. “Did Jan tell you?”
“Would you like me to kill him for you?” Steve asked softly, fingers squeezing Tony’s when he didn’t speak.
He rolled his hips into Tony’s, rewarding him with a deeper kiss when Tony met his hips halfway. That firm press of their dicks against each other sent sparks through Steve and he couldn’t help but let his desire to see Tony Stark like this take over.
Steve nodded, glad that Tony was open and ready to making that step and he wasn’t in denial about it. That was good, the acceptance would make it easier for him in the long run and whilst Steve would protect him if he needed it he was glad that Tony was allowing himself this chance to move forward.
"What about you?" Bucky demanded.
“Like a schoolgirl. I’m telling you, Steve, bridges are being mended. They’re healing and moving on.”
His friend was cleaning the blood off his weapon of choice, clearly having no issue about the blood soaking under his feet or the mess of bodies he’d left in his wake of destruction.
The garage itself stretched out through the whole lowest level of the Brooklyn mansion the served as Steve’s home base. A collection of vintage cars spanned across the furthest corner of the room, a personal hobby of Steve’s and a massive collection. T’challa had always been envious of it, Steve had even gifted him one after he got into Congress as a congratulations. The rest of the garage was unused space for the most part. Occasionally it was home to interrogations when Steve needed, there was a dried patch of blood on the floor by the stairs from one such case. Steve hated to get blood anywhere else in the house. The garage was abandoned saved from the vehicles and it was underground which made it soundproof enough to be perfect for torture.
“Perhaps they got lost?” Sitwell offered with a smile, he looked at the guy on his right for back up, “A little too much to drink and your legs just sort of carry you.”
“It’s fine,” Steve replied, “I’m just not…”
Tony hummed blissfully, “Christ, we’re good at that.”
"In cages." Steve shot back, "Bruce and Sam might get out on good behaviour. Maybe Clint could make a deal but you and me? The things we've done? What about Nat? Thor? You think they aren't going to throw the book at us?"
