Moments dragged on, as Steve battled inside his head. “There’s a floor safe. Under the rug. 1918,” he said, defeated.
“When we see you with guys, it’s not you we look at. It’s them. Sure, you know how to kick ass, but were only men. We get a little possessive when people we don’t like come close to our family. That includes you.”
The man’s mouth started foaming, seizures racking his body. Before the three of them even had time to react, the man was dead, lying slumped in the chair, eyes dull and vacant.
“Good,” Obie replied. “I’ll hold them off in the meantime, but I’ll need something quick.” He tapped at Tony’s chest, right over the reactor.
Steve leaned forward, pressing a kiss to the corner of Tony’s mouth, watching it tick up into a smile as he pulled away. “Not quite,” he replied. “You trust me?”
Steve clenched his jaw. It was the only confirmation that he needed that Loki was in on his demise with the Red Skull. “You know why you’re here,” he said, steering the conversation away from him.
But now, all he could focus on how quiet it was. There was no murmur of the TV, no glasses clinking, no comforting sounds and smells of guns being cleaned. He couldn’t hear the faint tones of jazz coming from Steve’s office. They were all gone now, off to face the beast of HYDRA.  He wanted to be there; he
Tony hummed into the kiss, frowning as Steve pulled away. “Which way would make you more comfortable?” the blonde asked.
“Yes,” Pierce agreed. “Things like failure. The age of The Commandos is over. HYDRA will reign once again.”
“We’re looking for his father too. Similar build, face, just with greyer hair.” Hill showed her a second picture that could have been a carbon copy of Steve.
Steve took that as his queue to step in. “Must you pick on him?” he asked with a raised eyebrow. Clint smirked at Natasha, as if daring her to land a retort against their leader. Seeing the exchange, Steve continued. “I mean, it looked like he was having a hard enough time out there today. Maybe you should cut him some slack.”
Delmar White watched at the Avengers exited the viewing room on the other side of the two way mirror.
“Barnes?” Tony questioned, looking around the rest of the room for the rest of The Captain’s men as he slipped his gun back in his pants. He caught Barnes falter slightly in his beating when Tony called his name, but when straight back to attacking the sandbag.
Steve walked slowly down the wrought iron stairs, his head thrumming with today’s events. He had waited until Stark had passed out, adjusting the injured man’s position so he wouldn’t wake up later with a crick in his neck. With the man unconscious underneath him, Steve had plenty of time to truly study the engineer. He looked at peace; the usual stress lines that adorned his face gone, leaving an almost innocent expression. Even in a dead sleep, the smaller man let out some unintelligible murmurs, as if his brain continued to power on when the rest of the body was resting.
Dugan calls him, much to Bruce's chagrin. Steve couldn't help but agree; it seemed that every time he ran into Bruce in their home, the man was in the middle of a different task, grumbling the occasional complain, but doing it all the same. It had been over a year since their first meeting, and while Steve had talked with him multiple times about sending him somewhere else, Bruce always just laughed him off.
Steve gave her a pointed look. She had always hated it. “Nat,” he sighed. “You don’t have to do this with me. I know it’s hard.”
He wore the same face now, walking slowly around the makeshift campsite. Steve found himself blinking away a few tears that threatened to spill over.
“Said videos may or may not have been old pornos,” Tony snickered. “You should have seen those ladies faces when Steve handed them over.”
“You know,” Barnes continued. “I may only have one arm but that doesn’t mean my eyes don’t work. You don’t rotate the men watching us, so I see the same faces on the street regardless of where we set up camp. Coulson called and he knows that someone in the force has been paid off, because no one is investigating the bomb further. And, last but not least,” he added, gesturing to Tony’s monitor, “those are Steve’s messages to Thor to set up a meeting with Loki. You didn’t minimize your screen,” Bucky finished with a smirk. “So you can tell yourself whatever will help you sleep at night, but you can’t lie to me.”
Fury smirked in return. He didn’t answer, so Natasha continued. “You’re so worried about handling some of the responsibility to criminals, right? Well, we feel the exact same way. The new head of HYDRA has been under your own roof all this time and you couldn’t sniff him out without our help. We won’t be taking any chances. Pierce is going down today, with or without your help.”
“I don’t really remember most of it,” Coulson replied. “I remember getting shot, and then I woke up in a hospital bed. With Fury.”
before his body was locking, seizing up at an unknown force. He could faintly here Pepper calling for him, but the phone slipped from his grasp, his fingers frozen in in place.
Sam rolled his eyes. “I don’t need you to coddle me, Steve. I’m a big boy; I know how to take care of myself.”
Tony could feel his toes curl in pleasure at the sound of Steve’s laugh, almost missing when Steve continued with a “Come in!”
He took his phone out of his pocket. Picking his shield back up, Steve smashed the tech into the ground. Looking around, Steve took off for his apartment.
Steve rolled his eyes affectionately. “You know we’re not actually dogs, right?” he asked as he lay down on the couch.
So, who knows what the hell he was supposed to do. He's almost sure what he wants to do, so that will have to do for now. He always did have a shit preservation instinct anyway.
Clint sighed before throwing a file onto the table. “After… the warehouse, I came across this. The Suit. His name was Finnegan Thorpe. He was part of this organization called Brimstone. Our new friend downstairs is part of it too.”
It wasn’t a quick drive, inner city traffic making sure of that, but Obadiah quickly found himself losing time, all his thoughts leading back to Tony’s glowing chest.
It looked almost innocent, the way it lay in the shattered glass. A small trail of smoke emitted from the back, partially covering the large 'STARK' written in white, block letters.
Steve bit his lip. “There are suites on the next nine floors down from here. Check them all,” Steve said to his companions as he slowly began his trek across the main room. He heard Sam sigh again behind him but heard the pair dutifully open the stairwell and trudge down to the next floors.
Tony furrowed his brow. "What do you mean? I think it was pretty obviously I'm trying to make out with you in an elevator."
Steve engulfed a near hysterical Tony into his arms, comforting him. Steve knew how important Clint was to Tony.
to stop over and say hi. You know, Sebastian’s been here for some time, but I’ve never seen him with any guests. I barely see him at all, except when he’s working on that car!”
Steve rolled his eyes but still looked amused as he leaned down to give Tony a long kiss. “Good morning,” he said as he finally pulled away.
The pressure from Steve’s fingers were immediately gone and Tony couldn’t help but moan at the loss. “Tony? Tony, did I hurt you?” he heard Steve ask. “God, I’m so sorry, here, let me go get Bruce, he can- ”
“Maybe it’s the weapons,” Clint added. “Stark weapons are the best on the market; mobs would go crazy at a chance to get those.”
It was a thought that had crossed his mind. He reached over the gap and grabbed Tony’s hand in response. He wasn’t sure what he’d do if Fury came back in with handcuffs. He didn’t much care to find out.
“I need you to be here. You kept Steve safe, kept my family safe, while the rest of us tried to throw you out like yesterday’s trash. You stood by our side, through everything. Lord knows why; I know I sure as hell wouldn’t have. Just shows that you’re the best one of us here; it shows what Steve saw in you. I don’t know why it took so long for me to see that.”
he thought to himself. He had people out searching the streets; it was out of his hands now. He could only hope that all his ducks would manage to stumble their way home.
Blasted hateful messages and inside scoops across the internet. Leaked photos, wrote op-eds, spread rumors like a wildfire. It was like he was a modern Martin Luther, nailing his truth on the church doors for the whole world to see.
Steve’s heart twisted like mangled tree roots. He remembered everything; there was no way that he couldn’t. He remembered every horrifying second as he watched the man wearing his best friend’s face look at him like he was nothing. “Hill, I can’t talk about him right now.” Even that had Steve’s throat constricting, cotton balls filling up the inside of his throat as tears threatened to spill onto his bruised cheeks.
Searing flames licked along his sides as Tony traversed farther down the stairs. Large chunks of debris sat collapsed in front of the main door, but Tony wasn’t heading there anyway. Tony just prayed to every god that he knew of that the sewage passageway hadn’t caved in from the blast.
Clint couldn’t find himself to disagree with the man either. If there was anyone who could crack through Steve’s brain when Bucky couldn’t, it’d be Stark. Getting Stark back on board probably came with the added bonus of Steve getting his head back on straight.
Bucky’s hand popped up in his view, long enough to shove the box of microphones away from Steve’s grip. Steve glared up at the other man, getting an equally icy glare in return.
“This is your own fault you know,” Barnes smiled. “You’re the one who said you wanted to be a Commando.”
"Oh, I'm sorry. It hurts now doesn't it, Princess? Good." He pushed forward, aiming a sharp kick to The Captain's gut. At least he tried to. He had to hand it to the guy, he had great reflexes.
First of all, thank you to everyone for such kind thoughts; they really meant a lot to me and always managed to put a smile on my face as I read them through the week. I am happy to report that I am in tip-top shape and ready for action! And when I say action, I mean doing what I always do, which is curl up in my snuggie and waste away on the internet.
Clint had never seen Steve cry like this. He’d heard it once, curled up in the vents, when the entire team thought Bucky was dead. But seeing it was something else entirely. It was a harsh reminder that no matter how strong the man was, Steve was still human. That he was just as broken as the rest of them.
Taking a beating like that from anyone would have been horrible, but being on the receiving end of the avenging super soldier? Delmar probably would have had better luck standing in front of a train.
But even though he’d escaped the flames now, Clint was nowhere out of the fire yet. It must have been HYDRA that did this; there was no doubt about it. They were still out there. What if they came back to finish the job?
“I’m sorry, since when do you play golf?” Tony questioned. “Last time a checked, it was a gentleman’s sport. And a gentleman, Sir, you are not.”
Tony’s brain flew into overdrive, the smaller man scrambling back up and away from Barnes. Barnes rushed forward instantly, his hands a flurry of movement as he tried to subdue Tony again. Tony knew there was no way that he could out power Barnes, but it was a good thing that he still had a final trick up his sleeve.
Even with Steve and Tony here, Sam knew that he wasn’t getting out any time soon. They would leave and he would stay, content to continue spending his days staring back at the invisible bars that mocked him.
Steve tightened his hold on Tony, rocking the smaller man gently. “You would never,” Steve answered surely.
Emily nodded enthusiastically, jogging over to where her dad was waiting, the brunette already gabbing about everything that she’d learned that week. Natasha chuckled at the dad who listened with amused attention, nodding at the exuberant explanations and rushed demonstrations. It reminded her so fiercely of Tony and Steve, the engineer talking a mile a minute while Steve just sat and hummed at the right time, staring at the other man with a lovesick expression on his face.
Except he knew the Maximoffs had beef with Tony, especially Wanda. Would they really give him wrong information? No, they'd seen how desperate Clint was. Misgivings or not, they wouldn't risk the wrath of The Captain by leading them on a wild goose chase.
Phil’s voice continued to resound in his ears even after hanging up with the man minutes ago. Clint heard himself laugh, almost hysterically, feeling a few more fresh tears spill down his cheeks. He didn't know how it was possible, he didn't
He and Tony stood before the final warehouse, the one they almost died in. Today had been a cruel trip down memory lane. Tony had shuddered against Steve when they found the remnants of the exploded building; Steve’s eyes still scanned the tree line like he was waiting for someone to try and take Tony from him. When they had reached their final destination, they stopped, unwilling to go back in.
Tony shot forward. “Yeah, let’s back up. How do you know who he is?” he asked, waving to the Captain’s face.
“What the hell?” Barnes yelped, jumping in the air as his clawed robot snatched the device from his hand, DUM-E scurrying over with the tech clenched gently in his claw.
Which is why Tony was surprised when he stumbled over a large duffel bag, crashing to the ground. “What the hell?”
“Bingo,” Tony chided, pulling him down the hallway towards the stairs that led to the bedrooms. The two of them walked down the hallway in a comfortable silence, shoulders brushing occasionally. To Steve's surprise, after walking to the top of the stairs, Tony opted to take a right instead of a left towards the rooms.
Clint’s head snapped up to see Thor approaching him the hallway. The huge blonde swept Clint up in a crushing embrace. “Where the hell have you been? I was starting to fear the worst, my friend.”
He was still here. He hadn’t left yet! Clint’s eyes were wide with worry as he tracked over Tony’s body. “What the hell happened? Where’s your light?”
Tony lounged in his seat, feigning relaxation while he really sat tense as a coil. Odinson had gone to put Loki back into his cell, while the rest of the team filtered back into the main room, following Barton. While the team was expecting answers, Barton had rushed past them all, mumbling something about Coulson before leaving to no doubt make a call to the man. When Barton returned, however, he was paler than when he left, pacing around the room with shaking hands. Whatever he had learned while talking with Loki, it couldn’t be good.
“We’re not going to stop you, Steve,” answered Natasha, catching up with them. “We just need to go a different way.”
His men pulled back as he walked through, making space so Steve could sit at his usual chair at the head of the room. He sat down, immediately resting his head in his hand, waiting for Bucky to shut the door and squeeze through the room to sit at Steve’s right.
“What, that I should be counting my blessings that Fury didn’t decide to send you to LA? I mean, everyone’s beautiful there, and- ”
Coulson just shook his head. “All CI’s have to have some form of documentation at the station. There’s nothing. I’ve never had one. There’s no way anyone would have believed me if I said I did.”
“I know you know more about them than I ever will. But I’ll always worry about you. I just want you to be
Tony scowled, pulling his hand from Barton’s grasp, resulting in a sharp pain and a wince. The Captain was over at his side in an instant. “Is it okay? Should I get Bruce?”
could upset the current equilibrium of the suit. Maybe a different concentration of the alloy? Different concentrations mean different yield strengths. Scratch that, maybe he needs more ammo. He’d run out of missiles halfway through the fight, and repulsors could only do so much. They were constantly faced with new threats; Tony needed the best suit out there to get the job done.
Tony yanked Steve closer to him in answer, tilting his head back as far as he could, while his own hands roamed the blonde’s expansive back. In truth, Tony had made multiple attempts at getting in Steve’s pants since his return from captivity. After an unspoken agreement of the mob boss spending each night in his bed, Tony had thought he wouldn’t have had to put in too much effort. But boy, was he wrong.
Tony nodded eagerly, breaking off into a moan as Steve pressed his fingers forward, his body lighting up in pleasure. “Fuck, again,” he pleaded. And Steve delivered. Again and again, like he was getting as much out of it as Tony was.
“He didn’t eat?” asked Bucky, looking down at the tray in the doctor’s hands. Bruce shook his head and Bucky sighed, rubbing a hand across his forehead. “He won’t talk, he won’t eat, he won’t move. I have no idea what to do.”
Pierce groaned, rubbing a large hand over his tired face. This is not what he needed. He had no edge now, no way to ensure that he had the upper hand on the other mobs. Pierce had been preparing ever since Stane’s relay, just in case he needed to make a move on The Captain a little ahead of schedule.
side. There’s only one guy you gotta look out for, and that's yourself. You throw an arm around The Captain, bring him some new toys, even toss the word ‘friend’ in every now and then. You wait until you have The Captain wrapped around your little finger. How long until you start to use him? Start asking for favors in return? Money, people, information. You’ll ask for it all, eventually. And he’ll give it to you. Because you’re
Pepper, the traitor, had even got in touch with Rhodey when he was getting stitched up over at the hospital. Nothing makes a nightmarish trip to the emergency room better than getting an earful from his friend who was still halfway across the globe. It had taken Tony a full twenty minutes to talk Rhodey down from flying back to New York. Even now, Tony wasn’t sure that he even listened.
“And what about digging through the rest of his info? You’ll leave a paper trail. How long until HYDRA tracks it back to us? How long until they find my hideouts, take out the rest of my crew? No, we’re doing it my way.”
Steve bit his bottom lip, thoughts trailing back to the news clips he’d watched earlier. A video of a funeral procession and a photo of a girl who would never smile again. “Yes,” he answered, finally. “I’m familiar.”
had his heart skipping a beat, giving him a glimpse of a future that he saw back in their now demolished home when he offered Tony a job as a Commando. He'd thought that hope had burned in the flames, died as Tony ran, leaving him in that cemetery. But here it was; a beaten, bruised, and thread of a chance. Hope that the bridge may not have burned completely after all.
Tony grimaced, slow to turn around. Despite what he’d told Steve, he had no interest in talking with any of New York’s elite. His departure from the speakeasy was more for Steve’s doing. He didn’t get a chance to know the rest of The Commandos before they’d disappeared, and he seemed almost out of place to be there with them while they were grieving. That, and there was probably a good chance that Steve was still going to tell Clint about what happened with Phil. He promised Steve he’d make himself scarce for that conversation, for good reason.
It was almost sickening that he had even thought of it at all. Tony was nothing like his father, the only thing comparing the two being the shared DNA they had. Tony was everything to him; he was
“Brooklyn! I know it was a while ago, but you do remember growing up here, don’t you?” Tony snarked. “Now, unfortunately, your original condos were torn down, but these are pretty damn close. Much better location, if you ask me. The coffee shop down the block has these scones that- ”
Steve nodded over to Bruce, meeting the man in a firm hand shake. He guided Bruce over to Stark, but the man brushed the doctor off.
Clint nodded, already pushing Tony towards the door. The run back down the stairs was slower; Clint’s gash slowing him down as well as Tony’s shaky legs. When they reached the bottom floor, the men stopped.
“It was always mine,” Obie countered, back on his feet. “You and your father were just too dumb enough to see it.” The shrill whine was the only warning he got before another explosion went off beside him.
Steve shook his head. “Prison would have given me something to blame, you know? A reason why I couldn’t see my family every day. But this, walking around free, but alone? The only thing stopping us from seeing each other
“Well I think,” Iron Man started, before blasting in the air and around Steve quickly, the suit’s front pushing up against Steve’s back, “you need to be more adaptable.” Steve shuddered as he felt the helmet brush up against his ear, a gauntleted hand tracing down his hip.
something was wrong. Steve had assumed that it was something medical, that maybe Tony was feeling ill again, or had never fully recovered, but maybe it was something else. Last night had been wonderful – at least, Steve had thought so, but apparently, he was wrong. Tony never leaves after sex, he
Fate. Destiny. He didn’t have the time, nor the care to sit around and wait for it. For now, obligation would have to do. So, he left, wanting to provide for his family and to carry on the memory of his father.
Steve sighed, rubbing a hand over his face, Clint trying to ignore how red his eyes were. “No, Clint. I-I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have… I just want him back,” he finished, deflating slightly.
Steve didn’t think, just reacting when he saw his husband lying still on the hard floor of the lab, resting in a pool of his own blood.
Steve furrowed his brow, a large hand coming to cup at Tony’s cheek. “You sure? Why were you in the cloest?”
“Where-” Bucky tailed off, eyes slowly tracking around them. It was a miracle that he was even awake right now, alive even. The man probably didn’t even register that it was Tony was talking with him. “Need Steve,” the man whispered, eyes drifting shut again.
Tony hummed beside him. “Na,” he replied softly. “I’d be more worried if you did. That asshole deserves every hell imaginable, not free meals for the rest of his life.”
He barely had time to recover before the door was kicked open, a furious looking Pepper stomping into the room, her eyes more fiery than her hair. “Pepper, I can- ”
When the elevator slowed to its destination, Natasha plastered herself against a wall. The doors opened, but no shots went off. Taking a risk, she peeked out. The entryway was clear, well, of anything living. She looked down at the two bodies that lay on the floor, wondering if they were regular officers or HYDRA moles.
Loki had the gall to laugh at them. "So, you've thrown together some half ass truce to take me down? Please, you two won't make it through the day before taking each other out."
“You’re quiet today.” Steve frowned at Natasha’s tone. It was one he was all too familiar with. To an outsider, it seemed sweet, innocent even. But not to Steve. He knew that tone always came around with an equally soft face, as if she was trying to make herself less threatening. While it was a duo that had an exceedingly high success rate, it hadn’t worked on him in years. Not once he noticed her eyes. All knowing eyes, like that billboard in
A manicured hand had him stopping in his tracks. “Not a word.” She looked at the other two men in the room. “Gentlemen, if you could leave us. I’d like to have a few minutes with my boss.”
“Okay,” said Rhodes, slapping his hands against his thighs. “This is what we’re gonna do. Pepper, you stay here, keep the radar low. I want this door locked and that gun loaded at all times, do you hear me? If there’s a mole running around in here, I don’t want to leave you unprepared. You,” he continued, pointing to Steve,” are going to call on any criminal and street rat you can think of. I want every possible pair of eyes looking out for Tones. If you get anything, and I mean anything, you are going to call me. You understand?”
The media was claiming the connection of at least twelve victims, as per their police sources tell them.
“I don’t have time for your snark, Bucky. Get the hell out of my way,” Steve retorted with a small shove to Bucky.
Tony thought. The lobby was still swarmed with press and a bunch of employees that Tony really couldn’t be bothered to deal with right now. He spun around the hallway until he found a single door, not hesitating to tug Coulson over. Thankfully, the door was unlocked, and soon Tony had both himself and Coulson crammed in what looked to be a supply closet.
Hammer was currently cowered in the far corner of the small room, trying to effectively hide behind his three remaining henchmen, all of which looked about two seconds from keeling over themselves.
“Why the fuck are you even here then? Come to rub it in? You snooze you lose, sorry your boyfriend isn’t a fucking celebrity?” Bucky shouted. “I didn’t even know you were alive, asshole, I
Of course, it hadn’t helped when The Captain started flirting. Tony had taken it upon himself to try and get the man to blush at every instance he could. It was pretty easy; for a mob boss, The Captain seemed to turn beet red at almost anything Tony said. Who knew that one lewd response from the blonde would send Tony about two seconds from bending over the man’s desk. If The Captain’s voice had dropped any lower, Tony was sure that he would have creamed his jeans right then and there.
Everything was so impersonal. So detached. The ‘melting pot’ that was America was nothing more than a lunch tray now, with dividers separating everyone by their differences. Anything could be considered racist, hell even sexist, now. Someone was always offended, someone was always unsatisfied.
Steve’s gaze hardened. “Nat, it’s not safe out there. You can’t pull that stunt again; I need to keep you all safe. I can’t do that if you decide to go radio silent for a month.”
She chuckled at the thought of James batting off horny, menopausal women. “He’ll survive. It’s a shame, about Florida, though. I was hoping that he’d end up further north, maybe by some mountains. Somewhere where he could fish in peace and quiet.”
“Come on, let me see.” Tony removed the bag of peas, wincing as he felt Pepper’s dainty fingers skim over the tender skin. “Happy has been looking everywhere for you. We couldn’t locate you through the tracker, so I just assumed you turned it off to go on a bender.”
“And Buck?” Steve took one last look at the injured man lying in the bed before glancing up to meet his friend’s gaze. “You can catch as many as you like. Just know that I only need
Tony looked at the broken dishes and the empty chairs, the table in complete disarray. He’d finally gotten the family he wished for and now look where they were. They all wanted to be anywhere but where they were.
Tony chuckled slightly, leading Steve back out of the workshop. “Good to know The Winter Soldier has his weaknesses.”
Steve couldn’t find himself to be angry at Tony. He knew that Pepper was basically family to Tony, and that he would be devastated if anything happened to her.
Steve barely had time to react before a blustering man came storming into his office, rage seemingly fuming around him. “You authorized payment on the Walker policy!” his boss almost shouted.
Thor reached out and grabbed it slowly, confusion written on his face. “I don’t understand. We did not find Loki’s scepter today; there is no cause for celebration.”
Bucky could barely hear himself over the chaos that lay before him. People were screaming, running through the streets, although there was no point. The van was long gone by now. Officers ran down the steps of the precinct, grabbing for-
Tony gave some sort of response, but Steve was already drifting. He felt a warm weight push through his hair, leaving too soon for his liking. Steve made some sort of noise and tried to follow the warmth, but it never came again.
Tony spun around quickly after accepting that Steve was still alright, and reached back down to help heft Barnes out of the water. The man was almost as pale as Steve, his breath coming in harsh pants. How he was able to drag over two hundred pounds of a wet Steve with one arm, Tony would never know. Tony threw the man’s jacket back around his shoulders, checking he was okay. The man was shaking with violent tremors, but he grunted out a short confirmation before shooing Tony back towards Rogers.
Steve opted to park the car and continue on foot. Before leaving the car completely, Steve walked back to the trunk, opening it to reveal his shield. The star blazoned in the middle shown bright as it reflected in the sun, the weight a familiar comfort as Steve strapped it across his back. The police had created a perimeter after the bus robbery, so there were only a few square blocks for the crook to have gone. The sun itself was barely setting when Steve managed to stumble across the criminal on the roof of an office building.
Tony let out a sharp gasp, Steve using his surprise to delve his tongue into Tony’s mouth. He pushed Tony against the wall, pinning his hands above his head. Tony keened when he felt Steve push a knee in between his legs, rubbing against his growing arousal.
“I can’t help it. With everything that’s happened, I think I have a right to be a little worried,” Steve sighed.
She thought of James, walking up to her shyly that night they’d pulled Steve from the river. He’d showered at some point, hair damp and loose on his face, piled in what looked like one of Thor’s sweatshirts. She had smiled at how it even made him look small. Silently, he placed a zippered bag in her hand – another shaving kit. It was spotless and still had the price tag on it, no doubt effortlessly swiped by James.
Steve was faced with a frazzled looking man in a business suit. The way the suit formed around him, Steve was sure that the tailor must have sown it right onto his body, it fit so perfectly. Everything about him was flash; it was like the man was the personification of Stark Tower itself: showy, sleek, but fake.
Steve reached behind him and pulled out his weapon from his waistband. He cocked his gun and leveled it with Stark’s temple. “Tell me, Stark.
“I don’t know, but you’ve got to tell them. You’ve gotta tell Steve before he does something stupid.”
“Key word: bodies. How many of those people actually talked before you blew their brains out? Your way is too primitive; the whole ‘let’s just beat the shit out of them until they talk’ thing is old fashioned, and it doesn’t always work. I mean, look at this guy,” Tony said, gesturing to their unconscious guest. “You really think he’ll start spilling the beans if you slap him around a couple times? You’ll just waste time and ruin some clothes. Let me take care of this.”
He presented it to Tony nervously, once he figured out there wasn’t anything he could do to save the disaster that was his sculpture. It was a car – well, it was supposed to be. One of the many hot rods that Tony owned. He remembered how Tony had held it gently, staring at it with wide eyes when Steve said he could keep it.
“So, how are we gonna go about this then?” asked Sam. “There has to be something we haven’t thought of.”
Tony hummed, but noticed Steve made no move to get up. “Alright,” he said, assuming that Steve wanted him to go with him. “I’ll come with. Come on, let’s- ” He paused when he felt Steve grab at his wrist, holding him firmly. He looked back in question to see Steve looking at him with heated eyes. He didn’t have time to question him before Steve sprung from the bed, pushing Tony against the wall.
Steve reminded himself. It had been months since he’d been sick, and Tony could more than handle himself in a fight. But that nagging in the back of his head just wouldn’t leave, no matter how many times he shooed it away.
He shot another glare up at the sky, silently cursing the clouds. Not like there would be a much better view if it was clear. No stars; not this far into the city. His mother used to drag him onto the roof of his childhood apartment and say that New York had its own stars, ones that couldn’t be found anywhere else. The twinkling of the buildings around them, lights pulsing through the smog and pollution; their own personal Milky Way.
“Pietro,” Tony prodded. “Is there something you’d like to tell your father that happened at school today?”
He watched the pair trail away and heard the familiar ding of the elevator opening. The doors had barely shut before a shrill alarm shrieked over the kitchen speakers. Bucky bounded over to the tablet Tony left behind, tapping at the screen. “SHIELD alert,” he said. “Directly from Fury.”
He missed Phil, he missed their home. Missed all of them cramping around that dumb table, should to shoulder. He missed falling asleep to the sounds of his family around him: the thump of a sandbag, footsteps on a metal staircase, muffled laughter, and the clanging of dishes. He missed catching curled up in a corner, eyes focused on the pencil scratching against the paper. He missed Bucky digging through the fridge, throwing utensils at anyone who got close to his cooking. He missed watching Thor hilariously trying to teach bruce how to punch, he missed Sam trying to flirt with anything that had two legs. Hell, he even missed Stark.
Tony rushed over to him, faltering slightly when he saw part of his body covered by a huge pile of fallen ceiling. That wasn’t good. Definitely not good.
Finally tearing his eyes away from the paper, Steve stood up, walking over to his son, digging into the steak on his plate.
Tony grumbled in annoyance, opting to burrow further into Steve’s chest when the other man found quite amusing. “Tell them to go away,” Tony groaned.
“He’d have gone whether or not I gave him permission. Better just try and get him to keep his head on straight.”
Losing Stark was already a hit that The Commandos couldn’t afford. Clint was actually starting to like the guy. But Bucky?
Natasha sat in the middle of the dance floor stretching. She always ended up here when she felt herself slipping. Tony had been surprised when she asked him to build her one, but Natasha was grateful every day for it. She could lose herself in here; the music taking her away from her past, away from her life.
Barton walked back up to him, clapping a hand on his shoulder. “Hail HYDRA, right buddy? Of course, my HYDRA stands for ‘Hope Your Day’s Ruined, Asshole.’ So thanks for the little chat. But you should know. With the stuff you told me? Your day is only going to get worse.” Barton gave him one last wink before agents were pulling Delmar to his new cell.
be there, standing alongside his family. That’s what this was all leading too, wasn’t it? But no, he’s been benched, forced to the sidelines. Steve had gone with Barnes, Wilson and Natasha. Bruce and Thor had left not long ago as well. He couldn’t hear Clint anymore, so he assumed that he’d been picked up as well. He didn’t even say goodbye.
“There’s a chance, but he might not have,” Hill argued. “The official use of this building is for a task force sanctioned by Pierce. Our usual hideouts, when in use, are monitored by officers and our tech employees from our home offices. Pierce could theoretically be hiding the files away from the NYPD by using the NYPD to hide it.”
frustrating Steve to no end. Day suits, that were meant for meandering down the Seine or whatever bullshit the tailor had tried to spin when selling them. Tony, of course, did nothing of the sorts, but still wore them occasionally when Steve wanted to go to the farmers market, always making the blonde blush. He had suits specifically for his board of directors. Dark colors and sharp lines that looked more like a suit of armor, making Tony seem enough of a predator that made Steve want to do nothing but fall to his knees every time. And Steve couldn’t forget the ones for black tie events. The ones that made Tony look positively ethereal under the gala lights, and the ones that slipped off so smoothly when Steve undressed the man like a Christmas present when they got home. No matter what kind he had on, the way Tony could wear them always made Steve think that he was modeling an art piece, rather than getting dressed for the day.
Tires squealed as Bucky peeled away, the man thanking every God he knew that all the cops chasing then were on foot. It wasn't long before they blinked out of the rear view mirror. However, he didn’t take any chances, insisting on speeding all the way home to get Clint to a safe spot. With an officer down, police scanners would already be blasting a description of the van.
“All I know is two things: what you’ve already done, and that you’re still going to meet her. With that, Rogers took out his pocket watch. Taped to the other side was a picture, but Steve couldn’t see who it was.
What Tony wasn’t expecting was for him to be sitting beside the man as he drifted off, pushing a hand through his dirty blond locks. Watching as The Captain try and follow his hand like a lost kitten almost broke the heart Tony wasn’t supposed to have.
“My apologies. My name is JARVIS. I am Mr. Starks AI. IF there is anything I can assist you with, just let me know.”
Steve stood back up, reaching down a hand to yank Stark up as well. Looking around the carnage in the room, Steve knew they had managed to pull out a victory.
The paneling behind the shelf disappeared, and a large hand reached out and grabbed the silver bars. Not seconds later, the hand snaked back out with a small vial.
“Well, it was because someone had marked me down as on vacation; no one even thought twice that I wasn’t in the office.”
Stark gave a hollow laugh. “I could say the same for you.” With that, Tony’s leg jutted forward, giving Steve a sharp knee to the groin.
Steve bristled, his jaw clenching. This doesn’t change anything. Sure, Hill threw a wrench in things and pushed everything ahead of schedule, but Steve was an idiot if he thought that he would be getting out of here without being clapped in handcuffs. But that was the plan that he and Tony decided on – wearing the handcuffs so no one else would have.
“It seems Stane’s plan didn’t have the ending we were hoping for,” mused Hammer. Maybe if he pushed Pierce in the right direction, he would just drop Stane and kill both him and Stark.
Hammer sat quietly as he faced Alexander Pierce. They were holed up in one of Pierce’s many meeting spots, a safe harbor for HYDRA. Pierce was looking down at his hands, deep in thought. Hammer tried to steady his heartbeat, hoping that he had made the right decision.
Tony stepped towards the fire chief, but Pepper stopped him. “Tony, wait. There’s something you need to know. The package- the bomb. It was from Bruce.”
Tony could almost feel the tension skyrocket in the room, everyone in it freezing, no one daring to say a word. “Pierce, you said? I can have JARVIS run a trace. I mean, there’s probably hundreds of options in New York, but we can probably narrow down a few- ”
Yinsen said The Rings never once mentioned HYDRA, which Tony couldn't decide if it was concerning or not. Months ago. when The Commandos had snatched one of Hammer's men off the street, he had first mentioned the illusive
“PTSD. The forbidden word,” Fury replied. “A fault in society’s eyes. A weakness. One we’re taught not to have.”
This was supposed to be all fluff, but WHOOPS, turns out I'm incapable of writing without adding angst. Also, I know I have a billion other fics to work on, I just wanted a billion and one, so don't @ me.
Clint didn’t respond, just starting the car and slamming on the gas. Tony jolted with the rest of the car, pressing his phone back up to his ear. He shuddered, thinking of what happened the last time.
this was such a mess. How the hell could one single bomb be the ruin of them all? With all of them plagued with their own guilt, there was no way they stood a chance against HYDRA. The more he thought about it, maybe it just wasn't worth it. Maybe Bucky should just convince everyone to cut and make a run for it. Was there even a point to keep fighting?
“And yesterday?” Tony laughed. “Jesus, Steve, you about fucked me through the pantry when you saw what I can do now. But hey, at least I have enough stamina to keep up with you too, now. Small mercies, I guess.”
The two had been meeting up in Hogan’s room for over two weeks, deeming it the safest place given their current situation. No one looked twice when they saw Tony Stark slip in to see his friend, and with his resources, Stark faked Steve an ID making him look like any other hospital volunteer. Just in case HYDRA was still watching, the two never came or left at the same time, choosing inconspicuous routes to avoid detection.
“Phil Coulson knew more than he was letting on. If he’s still alive and gets back to The Commandos, this could mean very bad things for us. I won’t take any chances. We need to find him first, dead or alive.”
“Tony, I’ve been looking for you everywhere, you scared me half to death!” Steve reached for him and Tony didn’t have a chance to blink before he was wrapped up in familiar arms. “Are you hurt?” Steve continued. “Did anyone touch you? Tony, talk to me, sweetheart- ”
“Tony?” he whispered unbelievingly. The man under him grinned, far too happy to have been just jumped in the forest. “What on earth are you doing here? How did you- ”
There were a few muffled movements from outside before two booted feet steeped into the foyer. And that’s when Tony saw him. Broad shoulders tightly wrapped in a thick sweater, the fabric only loose around a tapered waist. Ruffled blonde hair stuck out of an honestly atrocious, and most likely handmade, wool cap. There was a backpack slung over his shoulder, but it barely made a sound when he dropped it on the floor, so there wasn’t anything likely in there. Clear blue eyes tracked around the room until they locked with his. A bright grin spread across pale skin and flushed cheeks, rosy from the wind.
Tony must have sensed the trepidation as he continued, more manic than before. “I wasn’t sure how many to get, but you can’t be too safe, you know what I mean? Think of all the things you can use it for! There’s tons of natural light, so you could have your own studio, Steve, and Bucky, you can have a huge kitchen for baking! Anything you want, just name it.”
“I think I’ll get over it,” Steve argued, already trying to push up from the hot tub, already eager to see the rest of his family. But Tony pulled him back down.
“What do you think HYDRA’s angle is? These attacks don’t make any sense. Some of them are heavy, but the next one will be complete shit. All of them have accomplished nothing. What’s their play?” asked Sam.
“I want you to think long and hard about what you just said. In case you haven’t noticed, HYDRA is still out there, I’m not going to just sit on the sidelines, and- ” Tony started.
Fury leaned back in his chair but said nothing. Steve took that as a sign that he still had the floor. “Now, about Phil. Obviously you know the extent of our relationship.”
But Tony didn’t listen for the rest. He was out of his seat, pushing through the crowd with renewed vigor, running for the door. Racing outside he found himself lost as to what to do, heart pounding but frozen like a deer in headlights.
“Please, Captain," Yinsen interrupted. "It’s alright; it is of no consequence to me that I do not know your birth name. In fact, it is probably better that I do not. After all, you have your family to take care of, and I have mine.”
Leaving Clint and Natasha on the common floor, Steve had run into Bruce, who had just ordered some dinner for the entire team. Thor was already eating a pre-dinner snack, which meant Steve was on ‘Tony duty’. Trying to pull the engineer away from his lab was like trying to pull teeth. The man was impossible.
He skipped over to her, shooting a plastic grin at the bystanders who met his gaze. He was sure there were plenty of people that wanted to speak with him; there was probably even more people
After the internal homophobia ideal didn't pan out, Clint just assumed that the whole dating scene just didn't seem to interest Steve. Which was hard enough to believe - the man was an artist that still believed in the value of khakis, for God's sake. He just screams Hollywood romantic. It wasn't until Bucky let something slip that Clint figured it out.
Tony’s fingers twitched, itching for a phone. When he’d first gotten here, he’d spent over a week in front of his computer, coming through the FBI mainframe, searching for his lost family members. It was laughably easy, JARVIS taking over and providing him with completed dockets on each member. From what Tony could tell, his team had safety made it to their respective locations and were in seemingly good health – at least, he could only assume, if he read between the lines of the FBI agents’ weekly reports. The check-ins listed gold star reviews for Natasha and complaints of having to diffuse a few instances with the local force involving noise complaints from Sam’s new home. There had already been a small fire from where they had moved Clint, not to mention he’d recently been busted for starting a gambling ring with his new neighbors. Bucky’s agent had straight up asked for a reassignment. JARVIS had even found some paparazzi photos of Thor in Norway – ones that showed blurry images of Bruce’s rumpled figure. So yes, his family was all tucked away safely and out of harm’s way.
In all honesty, if Clint hadn’t been a taken and committed man, he’s pretty sure his pants would have been on the ground.
Tony would have been lying if he said he hadn’t been gunning for a quick fuck through all of this. It’s not like it hadn’t happened before; Tony ending up in bed with some of his business partners was not a rare occurrence. Just a final service for the two parties: a quick merger leaving both sides satisfied before going their separate ways. Besides, The Captain’s body was basically a sin. The man was just asking for it with the way be tried to cram his sculpted frame into those thin clothes. Whether he ended up over or under it, Tony wasn’t going to complain.
Luckily, the man didn’t argue, sprinting up the stairs behind Clint and back into their car. Bucky had barely pulled out into the street before Clint opened his phone to call Phil.
Steve stuttered to a halt watching as the gurney finally slipped away from him, his body freezing over more quickly than when he’d crashed into the Arctic.
“Yeah, Phi-," Clint broke off, eyes getting dangerously empty before continuing, "we had to go out of our way to file a police report because no one else had done it.”
From what Yinsen had filled him in on, the pair was currently being held by one of New York’s most gruesome gangs. He had gathered more than enough intel over the years, and none of it was good. They were the type of people that would give HYDRA a run for their money. Tony found himself wondering if it would have been better to have been kidnapped from HYDRA. Because wasn’t that the kicker.
Tony grinned. “Well, if we’re being technical, it belonged to dear old dad. The SSR gave it to him back in the day. I guess this building was an old clothing shop that was a front for the bar, but was abandoned not long after the prohibition ended. The SSR found the building and used it for secret meetings with the government during World War II, hence the Kind Arthur set up over there.  But, ever since dad’s kicked the bucket, I’ve swooped in and made a few adjustments of my own; advancements if you will. I use it a lot for when I need to go on a work binge, or if I need to lay low for a few days.”
His dashboard shrieked red as Steve could make out the faint outline of an elderly woman waving him down in the middle of the road. With instincts quicker than lightening, Steve stomped on the brake, the car jolting from the sudden decrease in speed. A car screeched to a halt a mere few feet in front of the citizen, the woman herself seemed unfazed. Conscience getting the better of him, Steve leapt out of the car, immediately heading to the woman.
There were crashes in the background, and he could hear shouts of distress. “Pepper? Pepper!” He shot a frantic look to Clint. “Get me there, now.”
“Of course,” Tony replied, wriggling closer. “Not sure why you thought this was a one-time occurrence. I expect to be wined and dined.”
The Captain gave a small smile. "What makes you think that I won't kill you right here? You got the jump on me once, but I don't make the same mistake twice."
“Search the place,” Steve snapped, looking warily around the room. “Tony?” he continued, calling out into the space. "Tony, you in here? Answer me, Tony, please!"
With The Commandos, she’d let herself get too comfortable. When Natasha had first realized – after she caught herself sewing a neat line of stitches in Dugan’s bomber jacket – she’d almost took off and run right there. She didn’t make it to where she was because of nostalgia. To this day, Natasha still isn’t sure why she didn’t, instead just finishing her patch job and returning the clothing to the once jovial man. She wasn’t sure when she stopped fighting them, stopped paddling directly into the storm altogether, just to join the current and let them sweep her away. She had thought that that was it for her. That
Bruce finally walked over to Stark, taking a look at his arm. He wiped down the wound and started on the stitches when he said, “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Stark.”
“I know, Sam. But you know Tony. He’s so… fragile. I don’t want to keep secrets from him, but I don’t know how he’ll react to all of this. I mean, we just found each other. He’s had a hard life. I can’t be another disappointment to him. I’ll just have to deal with this later.”
“Well then,” replied Tony, clapping his hands together. “Let me make you an offer. You get me outta here and over to SI safely, I will buy you a liquor store. Oh, and find the guy who killed your boyfriend and who kept me away from my razor for three months. Square deal?”
Steve grabbed at his hand, pulling them away gently to link their fingers together. “I’m alright, now.”
Somehow knowing that he was now another puppet on Stark's strings had the blonde shuddering. The man was already dangerous, but after today, Steve could consider him as lethal.
Steve tried to pull away, but let Tony drag him back down for a real kiss. “Stop it. I can hear the gears grinding in your head. You’re gonna hurt yourself,” Tony chuckled.
Now, trying to drag Stark into base to get his wound checked out was like trying to pull teeth. With chopsticks. Steve had thought Stark was stubborn before, but this was just plain ridiculous.
There was only one teller working today, looking extremely disinterested in the store - like any teenager would - flipping through a trash magazine with a bored expression on her face. Tony could just make a run for it, but he was still a celebrity. One quick glance from the teenage girl and he knew it would be mere seconds before he was trending on Twitter for petty theft. And wouldn't that be the real kicker - he'd dodged the cops for years, staying a few moves ahead to never get caught. But with one tweet, he could lose his entire empire and end up behind bars, all for stealing some sugar.
Coulson bit his lip, looking away. “Fury was able to piece together my involvement with The Commandos. He’s knows I was in their pocket.”
In his little rooftop canopy, Steve hid a shoebox under a worn tarp. In the shoebox were his most prized possessions: a handful of toy soldiers. Not so much as soldiers, per say, as regular people. A few men in suits. A police officer, a fireman. There was a pilot, a few vacationers, some with clothes that were mismatched. There were even some that were clad in bright colors, like the superheroes from the comic books.
“They sent the kid to live with his aunt I think. I don’t know.” Steve highly doubted that. Steve knew for a fact that Tony would have made sure that the child would be taken care of and set for the rest of his life.
“Don’t worry about me, Phil,” Clint retorted. “Just get that work done. You, Sir, owe me a steak dinner.”
Natasha thought, thinking about the remaining eight of them sat around the garish table in Tony’s (their) speakeasy. They had kept fighting for their family, for the life they’d made together. Seems as if she wasn’t the only one that was ready to say goodbye to what they’d had.
Each day brought more and more selfish thoughts, ones that questioned if heading back to New York was even worth it. Sure, he missed his family like a missing limb, but this trip seemed to have quieted his protective instincts. Just a smile from Tony and a ‘
“You argue with Clint almost every week about why waffles are better than pancakes and while I might not agree with you, I love how you get impassioned with anything that you do. You’re such a spitfire, and I love knowin’ that you’ve always got my back,” Bucky added.
“Right then,” Tony replied slowly. “Commissioner,” he said, heading to the door after giving Fury small wave.
Blurred images of wandering hands and empty laughs flashed through his head. How had they met? Tony had won an award for something?
That was Fury. She must be at the front doors of their man briefing room. She frowned, weighing her options.
“It’s a yes or no question! Do you even know who these people are?” he cried, pointing to the picture.
She let out a deep breath, looking back up at Steve. It was a mistake, as the blonde was wearing one of those faces again. “Steve,” she sighed. “I didn’t say this to make you upset. Get that look off your face.”
Hill walked over to flick on a light. “Power’s out,” she replied tersely. “JARVIS isn’t going to be answering any time soon.”
And suddenly Steve was angry, angry at Bucky for giving him that look, angry at himself for putting it there in the first place. Angry about Clint and those damn microphones, angry at Fury for even deciding to even call, angry at a nameless face, hiding in the shadows as he searched for another victim.
“Well, we don’t exactly have a lot going for us,” mused Clint, looking to Thor. “He works with your brother. Any chance you could call him up so I can shoot him between the eyes?”
Obadiah could see a vein bulge on Raza’s temple, just barely visible under the poorly healed burns. The man reached into his jacket and pulled out some crumbled pages, handing them over to Obadiah hesitantly.
“Christmastime last year, Steve volunteered for a rummage sale at a local church and asked us to donate some items in support.”
Sam scoffed. “How do you know he'll be willing to play ball with us again? Since when are you and Stark all buddy-buddy?”
Steve shrugged. “We keep looking, I guess. If you take out Pierce before he meets with the governor, we’ll have to move fast before the rest of HYDRA carts everything off.”
“It doesn’t matter,” Tony swooped in, as if feeling Steve’s discomfort. “It could be Schmidt or it could be just some random guy on the street; it doesn’t matter. The Red Skull is a symbol. As soon as he starts popping up around town again, the whole city’s going to be in a panic. We need a plan.”
The three men spun around to be met with the small smile of Natasha Romanoff. When she saw Clint, her smile turned into an icy glare.
“Pretty sure there are a lot of people out in the other room that wouldn’t agree with that decision, Cap,” Tony retorted, still looking unconvinced.
“I promised you that you’d get your revenge on The Commandos, did I not? They’re weak right now; they’ve been weak since their home burst in flames. I have total confidence that their downfall is near.”
“You couldn’t have gotten to him, James,” Natasha answered. “The police would have arrested you before you got anywhere near him. You did the right thing.”
“Well, I live to serve. Now, paint on a smile and be on your best behavior. Steve and I will be back soon.”
Of course, the others were not that concerned. He still remembers the pure relief on their faces when he told them that Loki had perished after the events in London.
The Captain refused to budge. “You’re not going anywhere. How about I put you in another chair like our guest here?”
people - they probably didn't have a stain on their entire record. Except that they worked for Tony. And apparently that was enough to put them in danger.
, his face still crinkled in pain. Tony cursed, looking back to the huge pile of rubble that lay on Barnes. The only way for him to get Barnes out of there was to remove the debris. Which, for Tony, was asking him to lift a train car. Tony’s eyes flashed around the room, looking for anything to use as a fulcrum. They were running out of time. It wouldn’t be long before both he and Barnes were crushed by the collapsing building.
“Clint, the man has been monitoring us for weeks, mostly Steve. You should have seen him when he shoved the pictures in my face. Despite everything, Stark’s worried for Steve. I told him the only way Steve is going to find out about Loki’s double cross is if he tells the man himself.”
Tony nodded. Steve started slow, seemingly moving slower than when he had as he was pushing in. Just gentle thrusts, more rotating his hips than anything else. When he saw no discomfort show on Tony’s face he grew bolder, pushing deeper and deeper into Tony. Tony couldn’t help but lean back farther, his legs opening wider on instinct. He arched when he felt Steve graze over his prostrate, mouth falling opened as he panted. Steve repeated the movement, angling his hips farther to get a more direct hit.
You know he calls for you in his sleep still? It’s weird because that’s the only time he talks now. What’s even weirder is that he still ends up being chattier than Steve,” Clint bit out. “You know that Dino’s gone? Yeah, looks like he ran off with Pinkerton and God knows who else. Couldn’t handle the heat, I suppose. And that’s not even starting on Stark. Yeah, that asshole that you hated? Well he’s the only reason Bucky is still alive. But save your thank you’s, because he’s gone AWOL as well. Steve’s taking it
Coulson had been an enigma. Who Steve had originally thought to be just another swooning fan, had turned into being one of the most terrifying people Steve had ever met. Coulson shot Barton a glare, getting the archer to drop the food he was currently stuffing in his face, and to cower into a seat. “I’m sure you’re all aware of the fact that Mr. Stark has graciously offered to house you all until we find a more suitable location to… contain you. I expect that you will all be on your best behavior, as well.” Barton got another glare. Steve couldn’t help but smile. Coulson may be in charge of a group of potentially dangerous people and can probably kill a man in more ways than Steve could count, but in the end, Coulson was just a babysitter.
“Hey, look, the robot got me first,” the robber intervened, but Iron Man quickly silenced him with another repulsor blast without taking his gaze from Steve’s. “Well, we could share, you know.” By now, Steve was eyelevel with Iron Man, the blonde able to feel the comforting warmth given off by the powerful suit.
Tony saw Steve’s shoulders sag, defeated. Tony sat up, crawling behind Steve and wrapping his arms around him. “But I know you’re not lying to me when you said you’re gonna kill this guy. Your own self.”
the disease. They’d known Extremis was a virus going into this – they had files upon files of others that were infected that proved it. Had they really been so blind that it wouldn’t affect Tony the same way? Steve and Bucky had been besides themselves when Tony opened his eyes again, consequences be
"Only? You make it sounds like it's okay that I have four employees dead after today," Tony snapped.
But there hadn’t been any demands. The man had said nothing, just stared coldly at Tony as he went on and on about how good his blood will accent the tie he’s wearing. Which, frankly, was just plain insulting. Tony really doesn’t do the whole silence thing, but he wasn’t about to let some nobody show him up. Which, of course, is how Tony found himself stewing silently, counting the blood splatters left on the wall.
Loki had taken something from the office. The other half of the photo. A certain photo of a smiling Clint, leaning into Phil’s side. Loki had ripped Phil right out of the picture.
“Because I offered to work with you months ago, Stark. And you told me to shove it where the sun don’t shine,” snapped Fury. “Now, you’re a very proud man. There’s no way you’d come crawling back to me out of your own volition.” At Tony’s silence, he continued. “I will hand it to you. I didn’t think you would make it as long as you did. Color me impressed.”
had been nagging at Tony’s brain the entire night. After going over each of the Commando members, Steve could have been one of two people. A lover, because the only other family Barnes had was in the mob. But that couldn’t be right; if the looks the man had been sending Natasha were any indication, Tony could see that Barnes was gone over her.
“Clint, you don’t have to do this,” Steve pleaded, walking up to the other man. “We can find another way.”
“Lucky for us,” Hill continued, “Fury shut down the security measures on the building. It’ll be easy for us to get it. All you have to do is check and make sure all the files are accounted for and your job is done.”
"Right, what could be worse than having to call four families saying that someone's not coming home for dinner?"
Steve nodded. “That’s good. If we plus the cops are out looking for Tony, it won’t be long before we find him.”
Looking in the kitchen, Steve could already see the rest of his team had made it. Thor and Barton had already made themselves at home, raiding the kitchen shelves, while Banner sat quietly on a stool, anxious as always.
Steve just rolled his eyes, making a beeline for Tony, only stopping once his hands got close enough to wrap around his hips.
Steve tried to pull away when another blast knocked the men back off their feet. Steve was drifting again, the pain in his head too much. He couldn’t see anything but fire. There was no base, there was only fire. Someone was screaming again, and Steve wanted nothing more than to tell them to stop, that they needed to
The fact that Clint had managed to be missing for a month sat terribly with Steve. Clint had risked so much to find Steve and Tony, literally throwing himself into the firestorm to get them out. If anything had happened to Clint after he had saved them, it would break Steve and Tony. Both of them were constantly haunted by people that they had gotten killed, but Clint would send them both overboard.
me, Steve Rogers. We’ve been here for hours, and all I’ve done is stare at you stare at bed sheets. Why? Lord only knows.”
She rolled her eyes but opened the door wide enough for the pair to walk in. Steve slipped in first, immediately scooping Natasha up into his chest, her arms wrapping easily around the familiar embrace. Looking over Steve’s shoulder, she saw Tony shut the door behind him, wagging his fingers at her in hello.
“Bye,” Steve whispered, listening to Tony hand up the phone. “Excuse me,” he said, turning back to the shaking woman. “Where were we?”
So hatched their plan. Romanoff had leaked some rumors onto the street that The Captain had been the one behind the car bomb at SI as well as the dead scientists. The public, of course, ate it all up, always looking for the next big rivalry. Tony, in response, ‘leaked’ precious information on the internet. It took a lot of convincing of course; The Captain wasn’t too eager to release one of his rock solid aliases. But in the end, Joseph Grant was born. Tony faked a few police reports to falsify Grant into existence. Then, Tony hid the files within the web, not wanting all of New York to stumble on the information. Sure, Tony made sure to tell everyone that he leaked The Captain’s identity on the internet, but unfortunately for them, not everyone could get access to it.
Steve stared at his new business partner. For just watching a man kill himself, Stark looked remarkably calm. However, Steve could still see some uneasiness hidden behind his brown eyes. Steve knew he had the same look in his own. “Any thoughts?” Steve prompted.
Bruce sighed. “I can see why he likes you; you’re just as stubborn as he is. You two are perfect for each other,” he grumbled, checking over Tony’s vitals.
They had been halfway through Arkansas when Steve had seen it. He’d pulled into a gas station and left the car to fill up with a still sleeping Tony inside. Walking idly through the dirty aisles was mainly to stretch his legs, warily eyeing the questionable merchandise, but he couldn’t help but do a double take when he saw it.
She watched in horror as the man jumped from the building and towards the street below. Without thinking twice, Steve backed up, took a running start, and jumped across the abyss catching the falling man. The two crashed through the window of the building, Steve twisting their bodies to try and prevent the man further harm. “I think you broke something,” the man moaned.
Tony nodded slowly, his eyes softening in understanding. “No one should have control of you but yourself.” Tony grabbed at Steve’s hands, pulling him back down onto the mattress.
What would haunt him forever is her eyes. Her once bright and curious eyes, just staring at him, now only cold and empty. He didn’t know how long he sat there, screaming for her to come back, unable to let her slip from his grasp. He prayed, begged, cursed away, trying everything to hear her voice one more time.
Stane raised an eyebrow in question. “That’s right,” Pierce started again. “He told me about your little chat with him. Turns out I wasn’t the only one keeping secrets from my business partners. You try and double cross me, I double cross you. That’s business. You want this to work? Then we need to work together so we both get what we want.”
Steve flopped his head against the mound of pillows he was leaning against. “Sam, please. I’m going insane over here.”
Steve sighed, running a hand through his hair. "You know, for as many times as you tell me that, I still don't think it's working."
Clint felt Steve try and head for the flames again, but Clint pulled him back down. It was sickening how easily he managed to overpower the man, Steve too lost in his grief and agony to put up a huge fight. He knew that he shouldn't just be sitting there - his mind was screaming at him,
Rural America left little to be desired for a first date – well, one fit for Tony Stark. In fact, even thinking of the word
“Thanks,” said Steve, pocketing the vial. He headed back out of the building, nodding to another Looper who passed by.
Diving into an alley, Tony slipped in between two dumpsters, trying to catch his breath. Because they were traversing through Manhattan, Tony had some edge on The Captain and his men, knowing these streets a lot better than they did. But that could only get him so far. Besides, if Barton was there, Tony already knew he was screwed.
No, Tony couldn’t get any closer to HYDRA by himself, just like The Captain wouldn’t get anywhere without Tony. Or, at least, that’s what Tony had thought. It was Thor’s arrival that tipped him over; the influx of a new variable in an already unstable equation, making Tony nothing more than a constant: so small that he became obsolete. Thor had resources, had the money to do whatever Tony could do.
Bucky froze before letting out a deep sigh. “Please tell me you did not just put a bomb in my pants.”
Rumlow nodded. He watched as the other man got up and started to pace around the office while Pierce put his face in his hands.
“Search the place, even the tunnels down below. If they’re trying to get in, get ready to give them the fight of your life.”
Fury didn’t respond. He nodded to the guards behind him, and had them pull a screaming Rumlow out of his office.
Looking down, Steve saw three locations circled on the map, and a string of numbers written across the top. “What is it?”
Loki mocked surprise. “Hit a nerve, did I? And what about you, Captain? They know you’re not dead. How long before they come back to finish the job? How long before they cart you back into that river. Maybe they’ll do it like they used to, and tie you to some cinderblocks. Just let it take you all the way to the bottom and let you drown, the last thing you’ll ever know is how cold- ”
No, this whole thing didn't sit well with Tony. He was sure Obie would bring it up, the bastard was nothing if not persistant, but he wouldn't win this one. There's only been a few times that he'd have to put his foot down against Obie, but Tony was sure the other man would understand. He always did.
“That’s right,” Steve replied. “I’ve been looking for you. Should’ve known you would be hiding like the coward you really are.”
“Rogers, I presume?” the man asked. Steve could hear his voice reverberate through the phone that was still pressed to his ear.
Once he saw the blood pouring for Stark’s arm, The Captain truly came out. He barked at Thor to restrain Hammer’s fleeing man, all while sending Bucky to tend for Clint. Steve raced over to Stark, doing a quick body search to look for the man’s phone. Of course, that got another snarky comment, but Steve could hardly hear it over the blood pounding in his ears. After a quick call to Natasha, he all but dragged Stark out of the warehouse, the rest of his crew stumbling behind them. The drive back to base was tense; Steve couldn’t help but looking over at Stark every minute to ensure that the brunette was still breathing. Stark caught on pretty quickly, his smart mouth still able to chastise Steve even with an open wound.
He joined Clint at the kitchen table, watching Bucky pull up another two seats from him and Natasha. Upon seeing the microphone in front of him, Steve started to feel an unsettling nervousness, one he hadn’t felt for a long time. When they first started the podcast he’d been petrified; public speaking always fit him ill, but riffing to an unseen audience was something else entirely. It took him weeks of recordings to handle the stress, of taking each podcast as just another conversation with his friends. It had been a while since he’d focused on the people listening to his voice. Mainly the singular person,
“I’m sorry I missed out,” Bruce chuckled. Bruce had been gone on a pilgrimage of some sorts, spending the holiday season in the smaller villages of the Middle East, offering medical training to the local healers. While Steve will always admire the doctor for his humanitarian aid, it always came with the cost of one less sane person in the compound. “I’m assuming what you decided to donate was less than church friendly?”
Steve pinched his nose with his fingers. With a small groan, he started to make his way back to the exit, until Bucky pulled him down another hallway.
“You bet your ass I did,” Steve replied, stepping out of the car. “Come on,” he continued, leaning back in his door to look at Tony. “I want us to get a picture with it. I think you can even climb inside.”
Tony any day, but Tony in a suit could always make his heart race. He’d lost way too many a sketchbook to this look. Maybe it was the way that the expensive fabric wrapped around him, fitting him perfectly. Or maybe it was the way that he seemed to have a suit for any occasion. Casual suits that were worn with graphic tees and high tops, things that shouldn’t work together but
“I’m really fine, Barton,” Tony continued to argue, even as he stripped to put on the new clothes. “After all, I didn’t take an unscheduled bath in the river today.”
Sam snorted. “No shit.” He paused to fill up his cup, breathing in sharp aroma. “You’ve been with him?”
Who would have guessed that the blessing of being Steve Rogers was actually nothing more than a curse?
It had been months now since Tony got sick, but Steve still couldn’t get it out of his head. The feeling of hopelessness, watching his loved one waste away to nothing in front of him.
The room sat tense, but Steve didn’t have time to sugarcoat anything for The Commandos. HYDRA was back; he needed to protect his people at all cost. He
Bucky broke the surface again, yanking Steve along with him. He made sure his friends mouth was above the surface, his head leaning against Bucky’s should as he started to kick away from the burning building. He heard Steve groan, and cough out a few lungsful of water. “That’s it,” Bucky groaned, pulling the pair farther away from the collapsing warehouse. “I’m sick of dragging you through the water. Time to finally teach your ungrateful ass how to swim. I’ll get you and Stark some matching floaties.”
“The men who kept me,” Tony began slowly. “They wanted me to build them weapons. One weapon, in particular. An idea that I’d come up with a few years before, to give to the military. Based on its testing however, I decided to scrap it. It was too dangerous, even for them. If The Jericho fell into the wrong hands, it could be catastrophic. So I got rid of it before it even hit the market." Tony sighed, continuing. "Somehow they got their hands on a set of plans and tried to force me to do it. I refused, of course, which landed me in the state I am now,” Tony laughed hollowly. “I guess they finally figured out that beating the shit out of me wasn’t going to work on me.”
“You’re not listening,” said Steve, getting to his feet and bracketing Tony’s front, hands on his hips. “What do you think we were doing this whole time,
Bucky huffed out a small laugh. “Well, turns out you’re not the only Stark I never got along with. Besides, I was never technically a member of the SSR. Erskine picked up Steve, not me. I just came along with him for the road. They tried to scare me off a couple times, but they gave up eventually and started putting me to use. Didn’t really make my top list for jobs, but oh well. I go where Steve goes.”
He heard Sam move closer to him, feeling a reassuring grip on his shoulder. “Steve. We’re worried about you, man.”
Phil jumped, forgetting that Fury was even there. The man had pulled his chair closer to the bed, looking as he always did: like a man that already knew the answer to questions he hadn’t even asked yet.
Thor nodded gravely, eyes shooting back to the incoming sirens. “I shall take him,” he said, already pulling away the squirming Captain. “I will call as soon as we’re safe.”
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve tightly, pressing light kisses into his hair and down the side of his face. They stayed there forever, Tony just rocking Steve gently, whispering sweet nothings into his ear.
Steve found himself nodding again, unable to process the numb feeling beginning to engulf his body. Of course. Of course it wasn’t just Bucky that he’d broken. It wasn’t just Tony. It was everyone. Steve had left every last member of his crew out to dry. He’d promised them, promised
He’d left Afghanistan and angry and broken young man. But he wasn’t young anymore. He’d spent more time in D.C. than he had when he was deployed, leaving one war just to go any fight another one. But this time, his enemies weren’t unseen. They weren’t hiding in the sands, they were boasting in plain sight. Walking the same streets as him, breathing the same air. Flaunting their victories.
Rumlow took a deep breath. “You know how you asked me to keep an eye on him, Sir? The Captain? Well I have, and believe me Sir, I’m doing my very best, and- ”
Tony Stark was a business shark. He had gotten to where he was today all on his own. Relying on other people was a weakness,
But they weren’t gone; HYDRA was still running through the streets of New York. And Clint could see it was killing Steve. Sure, everyone in their right mind was nervous, but Clint hadn’t seen Steve like this since that one time everyone thought he and Nat were dead after agreeing to help Sam with a ‘little family problem’ in Budapest, Georgia. What a disaster that had been.
“Liar,” Steve chided before the trio descended into silence. There was a pressing question that was begged to be asked, but Sam knew there was no point. He was pretty sure he knew the answer anyway, looking back down at the phone. It was a solution, but a temporary one.
But not today. Today was, as clique as it sounds, the turning of a new leaf, a dawning of a new era. One that he didn't know he wanted until it was right in front of him. Steve flipped through the radio stations with disinterest; almost nothing could pull his buzzing mind from today.
Still currently trying to process all the feels from the new Civil War trailer. It's fine. (It's not fine.)
"So it seems." The Captain's eyes looked almost black in the dim lighting of the dank room, his large body strung tight with tension. "What are you going to do now?"
“Oh, no,” snapped Steve, throwing the box right in the trash. “I’m not falling for that shit again. I remember what happened last time.”
Pierce rolled his eyes. “Can I help you with anything, Stane? You’ve been behaving, haven’t you? No other bombs I should know about?”
Tony came up behind Steve and clapped a hand on his shoulder. “Oh, Joe here- well, he’s a- ”Tony paused, looking at Steve.
“I, uh, actually require your services,” Tony interrupted. With the other two men giving him a confused look, Tony continued. “Come on, Barnes, you’re gonna love it.”
“Get the fuck off me,” Clint snapped at Sam, pushing the man off as he struggled to get off the couch.
“Can you at least make it look like you attempted to eat this?” Bucky pushed the bowl closer to Steve, who was staring at the wall of pictures in his office, just like he’d done for the past few days. “Come on, man. Nat made this, and if I go back out there with the full meal, she’s gonna kill me. And yes, you heard right.
“Well, we’ll have to coordinate then,” Fury “You take your people with Hill to the warehouse to collect the files, I’ll go and arrest Pierce. We in agreement?”
Bucky took off running to State Street. He needed to get to his present self before they cut off anything else. Jacking a car, Barnes headed back north.
Steve would like nothing more than to curl up in bed. But he couldn’t; Steve had slept for almost seventy years. And now he found himself unable to get through more than three hours at a time. Each time Steve closed his eyes, he couldn’t help but think that he might wake up in yet another century. In another world. His subconscious haunted him, keeping Steve awake for weeks. The only reason he was able to make it through each day was from the added benefits of the super soldier serum. But even with the extra bonus, Steve is feeling his body shut down. But it’s not like any of it mattered. Steve just wanted to sleep again. Hopefully forever this time.
“Yes, I’m sure. I tell you I’m not afraid, so you describe the weapon to me. It’s not the gun I’m not afraid of. You gonna shoot it in the air, try and spook me?” Steve snorted. “Go ahead. You wouldn’t let me die; you’re not gonna kill me.”
“It took me a while to get a handle on you. But you’re a spy. You’re always so calculating, so distant. But you aren’t untouchable. I know you.”
“We’re going to have to move quickly,” he continued, ignoring her outburst, hand reaching out to grab the phone from DUM-E. “Nope, don’t put it back in,” he batted at Pepper’s hands.
Bucky snorted. “Yeah, well that’s Stevie for you.” The other man continued when he saw Tony wince at the name. “You’ve got quite a lot of beef with Cap, don’t you?”
“Good to see we’re finally on the same page,” quipped Stark. “Let’s try this again, shall we? I want you to tell me about the job you were planning on running.”
Bruce held up a hand to stop him. “I know. I’m going in there right now with the surgeon, ok? I talked with the nurses to let you stay in the observation room while Tony’s in surgery.”
Emily let out a shaky breath as she pushed up on her supporting leg, until she was on the ball of her foot. There was a slight moment of stillness, grace and elegance covering the body, before there was a slight jerk in the leg, wobbles to each side increasing with each turn before a tipping point was reached, sending Emily tumbling to the floor.
Steve forced himself to stay put, not giving himself hope until be saw Natasha start to gather her things.
Tony chuckled, releasing the emergency stop, pressing the button for the garage. "I guess it depends if resisting will be more favorable to me."
“But no one knew about it,” continued Ward. “How would they know to file a report about information that no one knew about?”
“Now scram, Моя голубка,” said Natasha, tapping the end of Emily’s nose. “I will see you next week.”
Most of those voices didn’t come back after that day. They lived and fought with a military face, and they died with one too. Those that survive the war, well, they keep it on too. It might be because they’ve worn it for so long that they don’t remember how to take it off. More likely it was because it was a face for the battlefields, and there’s no greater battle than the one they fight when they get home.
He scuffled with Barnes as long as he could before the sound of his gun cocking pulled Tony away. “Barnes, you don’t have to do this,” Tony tried to reason.
Steve barely found it in him to answer, his mouth still wide in shock. “I could ask you the same thing.”
Tony’s heart clenched unwillingly. Always the business man, his father was constantly looking for the neck rung to help him climb up the ladder. How many times had he dragged Tony to show him and his genius off to the world. But did Tony get any of the credit? Of course not. The man had been dead for years now and people were still talking about his legacy.
Steve hugged him tightly at his front door, fingers digging into his back, his head tucked neatly into Bucky’s neck. “I’ll miss you, Buck,” he whispered. “I’ll come back for you.
“Sure you didn’t,” Barnes sang back at him as he waltzed back where he came from, no doubt to pick up where he left off.
Pierce turned slightly, looking at Obadiah Stane. “It’s probably best to assume he survived. Barnes and Stark were there; they probably pulled him out.”
“After,” Tony agreed. “Except for the camping thing,” he scoffed. “You may have a lot of leeway, Rogers, but you’ve gotten one too many concussions if you think you could ever convince me to spend a night wrapped in a tarp in the woods.”
“-interrupt for an important bulletin. A high-speed pursuit between the NYPD and armed gunmen is underway, traveling northbound on Maiden Lane.”
Tony sighed. “I think the best we can wish for is that Loki gets sent to the Norwegian version of a gulag. Don’t they tie people to boats and set them on fire?”
Steve looked down at his son, seeing that Pepper was right. Peter was wearing a face almost identical to Tony’s; one of fierce and grumpy determination, as the child tried to force himself to stay awake. His eyes were red rimmed from his earlier tears, no doubt matching Steve’s, and the Avenger onesie that Clint had gotten for the boy was almost unrecognizable with the dark stains that now blotched that cloth.
The Captain nodded, moving around Tony to lean over his shoulder. “We find a computer, we find a location. And then we find HYDRA.”
After leaving the cemetery, Tony had managed to stumble to a main street. It wasn’t long before Tony found himself in a cab, on his way home. Tony had been thankful the driver didn’t comment on how he looked. Knowing that they lived in New York City, the driver probably saw shit like that daily. While Tony could only think about nothing except for a warm shower and his soft bed on the ride home, he found himself in the lab.
There had been somebody before. A woman. Before The Commandos - during the reign of the SSR, he imagined. Clint didn't push any further - he knew better than anyone that were just some things were just meant to stay buried - but since then, there hadn't been anyone else. Turns out Steve didn't have a problem falling for people, it was just when he did, he fell hard.
“I can’t believe you made me get rid of my stash,” a new voice said. Clint strode into the room, also stopping in front of Tony and swiping his new mug. This time, Tony didn’t get a chance to complain before Bucky punched Clint in the arm hard, the archer whining as he returned the mug to Tony.
A large man stepped out of the shadows and up to Tony, a smirk adorning his face. “It’s good to see you again, Mr. Stark.”
Tony brought Steve’s hands to his chest, wiping as much blood as he could on the underside of his shirt before gathering Steve into his arms. Steve all but collapsed into him, his face jamming into Tony’s neck as his sobs started up again.
Sam frowned, but nodded sullenly. He looked down at his hands, as if suddenly unsure what he was going to do with them. “You guys want anything for the road?” Let it be said that his Mama made sure he knew how to entertain his guests.
Bucky gave a final glance to the duffle in the corner of his closet before turning the light off and shutting the door. He paused, standing in the stillness of the condo before shaking his head. There was no need to delay the inevitable. He knew where he was going to end up.
“Do you need a plan?” Steve shot over his shoulder. “Tony’s down there. Therefore, I’m not wasting another second up here.”
Rogers deflated, rubbing a hand through his hair. “Tony, I- I didn’t know how to tell you. I thought it would bring up bad memories, what with your strained relationship with your father.”
Tony stared at his suit hanging in front of him. The team’s latest encounter with Doom had left a few more dents than Tony was happy with. He was elbow deep in the armor, portable soldering iron clamped between his teeth.
He knew he shouldn’t complain. Air conditioning had been one of the perks when he moved into the single condo. And as Florida’s mild winter faded away, it became less of a perk, and more of a necessity. But he had yet to turn it on. It was if he had a sick fascination with lying in the sweltering heat, slowly melting. It gave him something to do, at least.
“Besides, we need you here,” Steve tried to reason. “This might just be one big bust. You’ll need to keep looking for other locations, just in case. HYDRA could be hiding somewhere else, too. You’re the only one that can find them. Everyone has their job, Tony. I need you to do yours.”
“Alright, as I was saying. I may or may not have gotten a little too rough with Hammer’s man.” A few snorts and quiet laughs answered the blonde. “Just a head’s up that he probably won’t be happy with what I left him. If everyone is staying, then you should now that it’s gonna get heavy real fast. I would apologize for my rash decision but no one spills a Commando’s blood without hearing from me.”
“Remember these?” a cold voice asked. A small device was held in front of his eyes. “These were always one of my favorites,” Obi continued, his face now coming into Tony’s view. He switched the device off, dropping it onto the couch. “Shame the government didn’t go for them,” he continued, pulling out his earplugs. “Short time paralysis can be so useful.”
Steve looked at Tony, probably having the same internal conversation that he’d just had with Phil. “Well, I’ve heard nothing but Clint’s odes to your tacos for years, I can’t exactly pass up on this opportunity, could I?”
“I wish we could,” Steve sighed remorsefully. “We planned on getting here yesterday, but the storms slowed us down. We knew we needed to see you, but we’ve gotta stick to our timetable.”
“You’ll be alright,” Tony said, not sure if he was convincing Steve or himself. “You’ll find yourself some hot Kansas piece and you won’t even remember little old me.”
Coulson rolled his eyes, not bothering to give a response. Another quick look at his son and Tony finally gave in. “Alright, lay it on me. What’s Pietro done wrong today?”
This was what they needed. Hammer would have the answers they were looking for; he could get them HYDRA. And maybe letting Tony have at the man for a few hours would out Steve back in his good graces.
“I know, I know,” Tony replied, rubbing a hand over his forehead. “But I really don’t know how else to phrase this. I promise you, it really is me!”
He slipped down the produce aisle, looking around. Down at the other end, there was a mother with her young child, looking at the canned items.
“Well, it’s a good thing that you’re not Tony Stark then, is it?” Steve beamed. “Tony Stark is on holiday. He wouldn’t be caught dead in this small town in the Midwest.”
Tony pulled back far enough to meet Steve’s gaze. “Was I wrong?” he asked hesitantly. “What would you have done?”
Sure enough, Tony Stark stood on the other side of the body, gun in his hand. The other man rushed forward, pushing Steve back and pulling him down to his original cover. “What the hell are you doing?” Stark hissed.
He remembered careening towards the ground at terminal velocity. A tough way to go. But it didn’t happen. He could here his CO yelling in his ear, yelling at Riley not surprisingly. At the time, Sam thought it was a poetic sense of justice that he would die listening to the sounds of Riley getting his ass reamed. He’d fallen past his release altitude,
Steve still refused to answer, still staring at the papers in front of him. “Really, the silent treatment? What are you, seven?”
“Can we focus, please?” Steve interjected. “Listen, Fury, we’re on your side here. We want Pierce and HYDRA gone for good, but Tony’s right. We’ll help you in any way that he can, but not without a price.”
Tony flashed him a smile. “Well, sweet cheeks, it seems I’m at a disadvantage because I don’t know who you are.”
“Ms. Potts, I’m very sorry for my friend- ” Steve started before colliding with Bucky. He made a small noise, trying to right himself as he peered around what caused his friend to stop.
“No, that’s alright, Carol. You guys should get out of there, take a few days. Thanks for the help.”
“You’ll have to forgive him,” Tony continued. “He hasn’t had breakfast yet. He tends to get cranky if he hasn’t eaten. Well, more cranky than usual.” Steve continued to stare at the man as he kept talking. “Of course, who knows if food could’ve stopped that soap opera moment, am I right? I mean, that was pretty intense. You know what? I think it’s the hair. It adds that extra touch to the whole self-loathing thing he’s got going- ”
"Not a talker? Don't worry, we'll get right down to business then. You see, Captain, I need something from you. There's been whispers on the street about you, and I know that a lot of people will pay top price for what you know. I need your name, Captain."
Steve pulled Tony flush against him, plundering Tony’s mouth again. He gripped at Tony, snapping his hips like a wild man. He felt Tony reach down for one of his hands, only to pull it back up into his mouth.
As he felt knuckles crash into his cheekbone, pain radiating from the blow, he couldn’t help but laugh. Of course, of fucking course. Where there’s one, there’s the other. He blinked up, similarly to how Tony did with him, at a furious Steve Rogers, looking like he was ready to rain down hell. At Tony’s cry of
“I have something to show you!” Tony was practically vibrating in the elevator, fingers twitching as he impatiently waited for the doors to open again. The elevator had barely stopped before Tony grabbed Bucky and Steve pushing them into the closet roadster.
Warm hands were grabbing at his face, forcing Tony to meet the gaze of an endless sea. “Are you alright?”
“I got a call about some suspicious activity. That wouldn’t have anything to do with you, now would it?”
“No need. Just dropping by for a little reminder. I talked to your boss. You’ll be starting again next week. In the loading dock; no more sales for you.”
Pepper downed the rest of her drink. “Now, you stay sitting and start thinking of a plan to get Tony back. I’ll get JARVIS to start decrypting that email; maybe we can back trace it. But first, if you’ll excuse me, I need to make a quick phone call.”
“No, I’ll be fine," Tony dismissed. "What if there’s another attack, Steve? You might need everyone. Besides, I’ll be at the office. Nothing gets past my security.”
Everything that he’d tried to bar himself away from, everything that his father had warned him of was sitting in his lap. It was like playing with fire – the love he felt for Steve was ever growing, pulsing strongly. The flames were beautiful and entrancing, and Tony knew that he would never want to look away from them. But love was dangerous and uncontrollable. If he got too close, how badly would he get burned?
Steve stepped out of the car after the short drive, and into a closed down gas station. While Steve had originally thought that he would be meeting Loki at one of Asgard’s locations, he was surprised when Thor presented him with such a discrete spot. Apparently, Loki wasn’t in a very good standing with Thor’s father at the moment. He wasn’t in a very good standing with anyone, really. But right now that didn’t matter. If there was one thing Loki could get, it was results. And at this point, Steve would do just about anything to protect his crew.
be late for this meeting!” Pepper’s voice carried in from the living room as the woman was, no doubt, going over final preparations for the work day. Steve chuckled at the pout Tony gave the unseen Pepper, unable to stop himself from leaning in, pressing a kiss to the corner of the frown.
Thor obeyed immediately, throwing a bag over the man’s head before fireman carrying him out of the room.
“He used to be a police officer. Got thrown out of the force a few years back for assaulting his witnesses.”
Wanda slumped her shoulders. “Fine. We’ll poke around, but as soon as things start to get hairy, we’re out of there. I don’t want either of us tangled up in this mess.”
The pair stepped into the lift, the doors shutting behind them with a small thud. It was a silent ride upwards, for which Steve was very grateful. His thoughts were scattered and frantic. It was if subconsciously, Steve had known that he wasn’t going to get in here without Tony, but now that he had, he realized that he had no further plan. What would he even say to Fury? Would he just be arrested on the spot?
It had been Bucky who had found him as well, eventually able to pull him away from the body. He had been inconsolable for months, taking unnecessary risks, just praying that the rest of HYDRA would just kill him already so he could finally be at peace. But then Bucky started talking crazy, started talking about putting a new team together.
Bucky stormed to the other side of the room. “Well, it sounds a lot more interesting that living in this prison!” he shot back at Steve. “You need to cool your jets, Steve. Just because I don’t want to hole myself up in some room all damn day doesn’t give you the right to be pissed at me.”
you got that? I’m serious, Clint. We’ve kept Phil under the radar this whole time; the last thing we need right now is you blowing his cover because of this new info. You need to trust that Phil can take care of himself, okay?”
There wasn’t a lot of interaction with the listeners, but Steve hadn’t expected there to be. He always struggled with the sharing part of therapy, being put on the spot in front of Coulson, the man seemingly ready to pick each thing he said apart. One of the main reasons for this additional podcast was to offer a therapy feel for other veterans, but without forcing them to delve into their personal horrors, giving them a chance to learn and heal through hearing others’ stories.
"Negative, I have no transport. I need a pick up," Tony answered, eyes darting around his surroundings to make sure no one came upon him and the downed jogger.
That was until Fury told them all to pack up and move into Stark Tower. Anthony Stark had apparently decided to house the superhero team. Howard’s son. Some part of Steve was excited. Howard was a part of Steve’s old life; it was something he could latch on to. The other part, well, Steve wasn’t sure. Fury and his agents had told him stories about Howard’s son. Some that made Steve cringe.
Regardless of their current standings, however, there had been more than one instance that the powers were drawn together to defeat a common foe. And as of right now, there wasn't a better cause for the two to fight for. One that they had let run wild for too long.
to close to his ass for comfort. “I’ll go tell the girls. They’ll be so excited!” And with that she sped off down the block, pep and he step, no doubt to brag to the other lonely housewives that she finally managed to bag the big one.
Steve nodded, gun back at the ready. He wanted nothing more than to call out for Tony, but he bit his tongue. He didn't know who else was down here. The last thing he needed was to give away their position and put them in danger. Or worse, put Tony in danger.
Steve’s breath hitched as Tony’s hands pressed lower, a gentle question to see if the offer was still on the table. And while Steve’s body seem to jolt an affirmative yes, his brain clearly wasn’t done, as Steve muttered a quick, “wait,” against Tony’s mouth before pulling back.
This is why he needed Tony. The man hadn’t mentioned any semblance of a plan on how they were to get past the front desk when they were to come together, but Steve hadn’t worried. Being a prominent and very public figure, Tony Stark’s name just had a way of opening doors. Well, so did Steve’s, but in his case, it was usually only doors to jail cells.
“Maria, please. Leave Tony out of this. It’s me you want. Listen, I’ve got silver stashed away. You let Tony go, as soon as we kill my loop I’ll give it to you. To Fury, SHIELD, I don’t care! Anything to make it right again.”
His apartment was a wreck. Furniture was smashed and overturned; broken glass littered the floor. His floor safe was open, his silver was stacked to the left.
Tony nodded, throwing himself into Steve’s arms. Steve nosed at the edge of Tony’s hair, focusing on the heat beneath his skin. How many times had Steve felt the same thing, preening because he thought it meant that Tony was healthy? That Tony wasn’t sick and dying in the basement in the tower. Turns out he had a right to have been worried – not because Tony was sick, but that he was too healthy.
“Well, come on,” Pepper continued, blatantly ignoring Tony’s statement. "Tell me. Who’d we piss off this time?” Pepper reached in her handbag, pulling out some concealer and began dabbing it over Tony’s face.
The man put his hands on his knees and stared straight at Tony. “Well, it’s a good thing I have a few dogs of my own," he replied, ignoring Tony's quips. "Of course, it could be a problem that I won’t let them off the leash. You’re right; they’ve probably never even been outside of Brooklyn.”
Bucky frowned. “Hey, look at me.” Bucky tried not to wince when Steve finally did look up, his face ruined even more. “You can’t get rid of me that easy.”
“Normal?” Wanda almost laughed. “What do you know about normal,” she sneered it Tony’s face. “What does anyone in this family know about normal?”
“Well, Steven, this is an office. I know you’re not used to a normal line of work, but this is usually where people go to do their job.”
A familiar jingle of the bell and Tony was opening the door to Yinsen's shop, intent on stopping to chat with his old friend.
“You can’t be serious,” whined Tony. He looked at Steve, only to get a blank face in response. “I don’t need the three of you hovering over me.
Tony cried out, curling in on himself before there were hands on him, metal ones, burning along his arms, and tossing him across the room. Tony landed with a thud and groaned, forcing himself to crawl away. He could hear Stane chasing after him,
Which was not good, because at this point Tony would be running out of things to ramble on about. That is, of course, if the guy had made any demands.
Steve couldn’t help but smile back down at him. “Did you mean it?” Tony continued. “Do you love me?”
He could shoot straight up to Pepper’s office, so they could undoubtedly finish the argument they started yesterday. Or Tony could cower in his lab until Pepper found him.
“Fat chance,” Steve snorted as he stood, yanking Bucky up with him. “You said until the end of the line, pal. If I die of blue balls, you’re comin’ with me.”
“Well, I’m always on board for that,” Steve murmured. “Besides, we’ve got our own problems. The Monger is still out there are we don’t know how he connects the Ten Rings to HYDRA.”
- Second, while I am trying to keep this story as canon as possible, there are just some things that I don't want happening. I want this story to be as real as possible (Which saying that, makes no sense, as I am writing a piece of fiction that was based off something that was already fiction, but who's counting). Like, a mob boss probably won't be running around with a shield as his only weapon. Steve and Bucky aren't actually supersoldiers (more on their buffness later). Bruce won't actually turn into a rage monster, yada yada. So, Tony running around in an armored suit didn't make much sense when everyone else has been kind of tailored to fit my story. What I'm aiming for eventually, are the hand gauntlets he had in CACW.
Tony spasmed in Steve’s grip, moaning deeply as one of his hands moved down to cradle Bucky’s head. He bent over the counter, pushing closer to Bucky and further into Steve’s iron grip. “Then what the hell are you waiting for?” the man asked breathlessly, looking over his shoulder back at Steve.
Tony growled, sticking out a hand for Steve to slip the phone into. When he saw who was calling, Tony nearly threw the phone at the wall.
The whole monopoly situation he has going on in Brooklyn can be seen as a potential threat. How long before The Captain decides that Brooklyn isn’t big enough, and stretches his reach farther? Into Queens, hell, maybe even Manhattan? The last thing Tony needs is to be responsible for handing over his precious tech to what looked like a crazed super soldier.
Rhodey was laughing, grabbing at him, shaking him that Tony couldn’t help but reach up and grab Rhodey’s hands, almost crying when they felt solid and warm against him palms.
“God forbid we interrupt what was no doubt turning into a raucous night of Wheel of Fortune and a TV dinner,” another voice added.
Steve remembered asking Tony about it later, how he let Clint walk all over his designs. Tony just got a small smile on his lips.
He should head back if he wants to make it home before the first droplets fall. He wasn’t exactly thrush with shoes, and he certainly didn’t want to head into work tonight with sopping soles.
The cops couldn’t touch this guy, hell, half of them didn’t even want too. The Captain had sort of this Robin Hood thing going on, protecting Brooklyn from other gangs, corrupt officials; cleaning the streets without the law getting in the way.
Steve sighed, wiping a hand across his face. He was tired, he was so damn tired, but he didn’t dare move. He sat at their meeting table, eyes watching members of his family filter in and out as the night progressed. Watching for the one member that had yet to appear.
Tony stretched a hand out; one that Steve reached back for. He was startled by the callouses; the marks of hard labor. Not very fitting for a business man. But it didn’t matter, because St-Tony was smiling up at him, causing Steve to return it just as easily.
“Hey there,” Tony’s voice filtered into his thoughts. “You alright? You look like you’re hiding from the cops.”
Tony picks and chooses the mobs he deals with, which of course always lands him some enemies. Tony only deals with the mobs that still have scraps of humanity, like Xavier’s people, Danvers, and sometimes even Quill’s crew. He picks them based on trust, which of course, seems ridiculous when dealing with a mob, but apparently trust is a very big deal with these people. Getting the Tony Stark seal of approval was a huge advantage.
But Tony had never been able to say it back. Call it cowardice, call it cold, call it whatever. It’s not that he didn’t want too. Sure, he was slow on the uptake – he’d never felt as strongly about anyone else as he did with Steve. And it wasn’t like he had a long list of prior loving relationships that he could compare the feeling too. But once he’d finally been able to connect the dots, when Steve had first whispered it into his neck, Tony hadn’t been able to get it out of his head.
Steve almost gasped in shock when the elevator doors opened. He stepped through the threshold, taking in the floor.
“Yes,” Tony answered, question not even asked. “Yes,” he repeated, grasping at Steve’s face. “Yes, Steve, please- ”
It wasn’t long until he found it was him, crying hoarsely into Clint’s shoulder as he willed himself to stand back up.
“That could just be anyone,” Steve said softly. He knew it wasn't. That man was the only explanation for what happened today. But he trusted Stark as far as he could throw him, probably even less than that. Steve wasn't going to blindly lead his crew into a trap to deal with Stark -
Bucky shook his head, dropping down into an old chair. For the past week, Bucky had been slipping out each day to head over to Stark's, trying desperately to get the man to come back and work with the crew, but to no avail. He wasn’t coming back.
The three others at the table looked at him expectantly. He started every show, promptly at the beginning of the hour. Tardiness was one of the many things that was eradicated in the Army.
Trying to fight Steve and Tony was like trying to contest the elements. Tony moved like water; fluid and unpredictable. He lets you think you have the upper hand, drawing you further out from shore, only for you to be caught up in a riptide. Or, in this case, a weaponized metal suit. Steve fought like air, able to change from a calm breeze to a destructive wind in seconds. He’s unyielding, able to take down the strongest opponents from sheer will alone. Both Avengers alone are a force to be reckoned with. But together? They were a typhoon; a vicious hurricane. No one ever stood a chance. There was never an eye to their storm, or a calm reprieve. There was only the battle, fierce and chaotic from start to finish. They came from different times, different ideals, different elements. But yet, when put together, Captain America and Iron Man are the most terrifying people to stand against.
“Pull it up, J.” JARVIS brought up security footage, giving Tony video from every angle of the building.
Pepper repeated. “You know that you didn’t mean anything you said. But more importantly, Tony knows that. Don’t concern yourself with what-if’s. Your husband is in the other room, and he’s alive. That’s all that matters. Now you’re going to go in there, and sit with him until he wakes up. And when he does wake up, you’re going to fix this. You understand, soldier?”
He stepped down onto the main floor, heading straight for the noise and pulling his gun out as he walked. Tony expected to find an old pipe or rusting piece of machinery reacting to the harsh cold of the New York winter, but he wasn’t about to let his guard down. Not with the threat of HYDRA.
“No, no, no, no,” Barnes blurted. “You definitely are not going. Potts will kill me is she sees you there, especially after what happened in your workshop earlier today!”
“This is awkward,” Tony coughed. “Just pretend that I’m not here. But, if I may say, Coulson, you must be an absolute freak in the bed.”
Tony eventually had to pull away for air, but that didn’t stop Steve form peppering kisses on the rest of Tony’s face. “I'm ok, big guy; We’re ok,” Tony said.
The rest of the car ride was silent, but Steve couldn’t have been more grateful. There were probably hundreds of questions that Bucky and the rest of the crew wanted to ask him; here were a lot of questions he wanted to ask them as well. But Bucky kept his distance, focusing on the road ahead.
“A lot of us just try to ignore it, and those who don’t usually can’t afford to get help,” Steve shrugged. “The least I can do is offer a free podcast twice a month to let people know that they’re not alone.”
Tony flashed him another smile and then suddenly it was if all of the air had been sucked form the room. Steve was vaguely aware that they were still wrapped around each other, but he paid it no mind. He just stared down at the smaller man, Tony’s eyes swirling like molten amber, his eyelashes curled like sunflowers towards the sun, his lips chapped and warm from where he’d bitten them. “I-I, uh…,” Steve began, eyes flashing down to his lips again.
Steve leaned forward to snatch the drawing out of his hand, but it was futile as Tony’s quick hands kept it out of Steve’s reach. He watched as Tony’s teasing glance turn soft as he looked down at the sketch. “Well, I’m not sure how you did it, but somehow you’ve managed to make me look even better.”
It was strange, Pierce thought to himself, as the pair slipped back down the long hall. The two of them were the furthest things from allies but here they were, walking in tandem as if nothing was wrong. They were the United States and the Soviets; fake smiles and promises shared between them while one waited for the other to make the first move, leading them into war.
Clint thought to himself. Figures that a rag-tag bunch of criminals couldn't muster together a sincere '
You aren’t the only one with friends in high places; you aren’t the only one with connections. I run the show around here, and it’s time for you to play your part, not mine. If my regular intimidation won’t work on the infamous Tony Stark, I’ll just have to try a little harder. You keep getting my dirt on HYDRA and I’ll keep Thor from dismantling Stark Industries until there’s nothing left but ash.”
He welcomed the cold, breathing it in deep each morning like an old friend. The shivers that coursed through his body urged him on one step at the time, the frost covered grass staining the bottom of his socks. It never took long for a numbness to engulf him, and he was left as a husk of himself, a zombie stumbling through the grassy field. It reminded him of one of the ghost stories Jarvis would tell him as a kid – a soul trapped to walk the moor for all eternity, stuck in an endless loop of searching for a lost lover.
A manicured hand grabbed him by the chin, forcing him to make eye contact. “And this has nothing to do with that fact that this business meeting lines up just after a mob man put a hit out on you?”
Rumlow rewatched the footage. He was in a security office; some street cameras had shown a future Steve Rogers peeking around the houses of the call girls from the club. Namely, Natasha Romanoff’s.
With that, Tony thrust his head forward, catching The Captain off guard with a strong head butt. The huge man fell backwards, tipping over the chair he had been sitting in. Wobbling forward, Tony didn’t hesitate to bring his hands around in front of him, freed minutes ago by his deft fingers. Taking The Captain’s surprise to his advantage, Tony hopped up, jumping over him to the door, bringing his iron chair with him. The blonde tried to grab his ankles, but a well-timed kick to The Captain’s groin had the man doubling over in pain.
“We had to do it anyway,” Bucky shrugged. “Besides, I’ve already survived an explosion. Odds are in my favor for this one.”
The Captain was Steve. Which, of course, made more sense. Who else would Barnes cry out to when he thought he was dying?
Steve rubbed his temple, forcing the quinjet to go faster. He could see smoke billowing in the city’s skyline.
Both men startled at the voice, The Captain managing to sneak up on both of them, blue eyes blazing with fury.
Tony Stark sat elbows deep into his new project. Parts were strewn all over the mansion’s back lawn, but Tony never spared a second glance. He rubbed the sweat off his forehead, only to replace it with grease stains.
“Well, usually, I’d make you take me to dinner first,” chided Steve, looking down at how they were positioned.
The blonde frowned, looking at his hands. She’d caught him doing it many times. It was if he was looking down at all of the weight he carried around with him, unsure of what to do with it. “I feel guilty,” he admitted.
Tony rolled his eyes. “I didn’t sign on to be your therapist, Barnes. Yes, you lost an arm. Yes, it sucks. But if any of the stories are true about you, then you and I both know that you don’t need both of your hands to kill someone. Besides, you shouldn’t be saying shit like that anyway; your other half might wring your neck.”
“Captain, you need to get back in bed,” Hill called out, finally catching up with the pair. “There’s no way you’re in any state to head to New York.”
Steve wanted to say. He was just so damn tired. He couldn’t think anymore; he didn’t want to think. “Got any ideas?” Steve asked back.
Steve hummed before surging up, a strong hand wrapping around Tony as he twisted the pair around, dropping Tony down onto the bed, looming over him. “Well, if I knew all that I know now,” he started, dropping a kiss to Tony’s lips, “then I would know how I feel about you. How much you drive me crazy,” he added into Tony’s ear, biting along his neckline. Tony flushed, his arms circling tightly around Steve, fingers digging into the strong muscles along his back. “If I got a do-over, I could do it right. Tell you who I was off the bat; convince you to give me a chance anyway. Take you on dates, bring you flowers.”
Impatient as always, Tony pulled down both of their boxers, and straddled Steve. He dragged his fingernails down Steve’s perfect flesh, reaching down to grab both of their cocks.
But it wasn’t working; nothing was working. Once a well-oiled machine, The Commandos had collapsed into a rusted over relic. Clint couldn’t remember the last time he got any sleep. Bucky was definitely thinner, Steve doesn’t draw anymore - doesn’t do much, really. It was wrong; everything was wrong.
Tony gave a small smile, hands sliding down the front of Steve's shirt. "So you came down here guns blazing for little old me?"
Tony sighed again, rubbing a hand on the back of his neck. “Nothing, I just, uh – I thought maybe you liked me better like this.”
“I’m saying that things didn’t really play out the way we wanted. Zola’s algorithm got nowhere near its final target number, but it turns out a second is a lot longer than you’d think. Not everybody made it, Steve.”
“Just another thing to deal with, I guess,” Tony sighed. “You can explain this to Steve in the car. Let’s go.”
his mother would say. Someone had left the books out, the real ones. The ones that showed the charity stealing from the very families that is was meant to help. The ones that showed broken families hemorrhaging cash to the elite, getting only false promises in return.
“Nothing,” Steve answered. “Don’t worry, Natasha said that there is a campsite to the south that we can still check.”
He could go force himself down to his makeshift workshop he sat set up in the basement. He tried many times, hoping that his typical vice would be enough to get his mind off things. He was sure SI’s board would be more than happy to get something pushed through to R&D as quickly as possible. But each time he went down there ended up with him doing the same thing he was doing now. Staring off into space, his mind a jumbled mess of confusion and indecision, unable to agree on a single task. He probably wouldn’t be able to make anything usable anyway; for the first time, he had almost no desire or inspiration to build.
“Oh, please, Pep. You know I wouldn’t ever schedule a meeting myself,” Tony laughed, finally catching up with their current situation. "Nothing more than a social visit, right Grant?” Steve gave the group another smile as Tony continued. “Well then, Grant. This is the lovely Virginia Potts, my PA, and probably the only reason he head is still screwed on straight. And this,” Tony gestured to the man,” is my business partner, Obadiah Stane.”
“So this is what we’re going to do, huh? Just sit back and let Stark come in here and take over?” Bucky snapped. Clint flinched slightly at Bucky’s tone, knowing that he and Steve have been pretty tense the last few weeks because of Stark’s involvement.
Tony frowned, looking down at his hands. They were shaking. “Maybe that’s not from the cold,” he found himself whispering.
you to wait, to sit back on the information. Let The Captain and his merry men drop their guard. But no, you just couldn’t resist. Just had to prove that you had the bigger guns.”
Steve reached forward trying to get her from drawing too much attention to them, but the movement had the woman pulling away, crying even harder. Steve pushed his office chair out a little so he could lean out of his cubicle. He checked both ways, slipping back inside once he knew the coast was clear. One more look at the crying grandma and Steve made up his mind.
Steve narrowed his eyes. Was this Fury admitting to dealing with the SSR in the past? No one ever mentioned his name when Steve was working there, but they had been running a long time before Steve had shown up.
“Fuck that,” Bucky snarled, legs shaking as he tried to walk over back over to Steve. Hill grabbed at his arm.
“Hell if I know,” Steve replied. He reached down and tapped at Bucky’s shoulder. He released Tony only to replace it with Steve’s fingers, wetting them liberally. Tony continued to writhe under him, Bucky continuing his ministrations with his hands as he sighed around Steve’s fingers, taking them deeper.
Tony. He felt like he was back at boarding school, all of the kids lining up, trying to prove their worth to the team’s captain, trying not to be the last one picked for dodgeball.
But Steve had laughed, whispering promises and dreams into his ears as he showed him a picture of a tiny boy wrapped in a blanket.
Tony had tried to distract himself in his lab while JARVIS ran facial scans on both The Captain and the mystery man. Usually Tony could lose himself in his work for hours, sometimes even days, but right now he found himself asking JARVIS for an update every few minutes.
He had never slept more than a few hours at a time. His nightmares always made sure of that. Steve almost fell out of bed when he woke up to sun streaming through the windows. He actually did manage to fall out of bed when he looked at the clock, reading 8:00 a.m.
Looking back out the windows, he could see a slight lump sitting on the roof on the building across the street. In the crowd in front of him, he picked out a bulking man slouching in his seat, tugging on his left sleeve, no doubt to cover up his metal arm. A fiery redhead scribbled onto a notebook a few rows up, while a man whistling an old Marvin Gaye tune, fiddled with a camera.
"A few empty shipping warehouses and abandoned factory used back in World War II to melt down scrap metal."
If everything worked as planned, The Monger should be able to come up with a location. And then? It would be time for their next move.
Steve startled, staring at the redhead in confusion. He knew Tony's speakeasy was a secret, but by the way he'd write odes to Pepper, Steve just assumed that she would have been made privy.
Steve grimaced at the thought of another charity, another crutch he found himself leaning on. They shouldn’t have to take care of him. He shouldn’t be their responsibility. It was an age-old argument, and after what happened this morning, one that Steve was not ready to rehash again.
“I want people at the train stations, bus stops, everywhere! Bring Steve Rogers to me, I don’t care which one!”
Steve turned back to Stark, not really knowing what to say, when he saw the other man’s eyes widen, quickly jumping to knock Steve to the side just as a spray of bullets hit where Steve was standing. Stark collapsed on top of him, both men breathing heavily while Thor took out the assailant.
Phil sighed. “We’ve had this conversation a hundred times before, and something tells me we’ll be having it again one day. I know you love Clint as much as I do; you’ll do anything and everything to bring him home to me every night. That’s all I can ask for.”
Steve looked at her and nodded slowly. “As I was saying, my grandfather lived a hard life. The war had cost him his family, his life, his belief in his country. So he came here. He told me when I was little how he found a job sweeping up hair in a barber shop. Little did he know that one day he would own it. That’s how he met my grandmother. She used to walk by the shop every week.” Olivia smiled. “He said it was love at first sight. It wasn’t long before they got married and had my father. Then my father got married and had me.”
He’s supposed to be dead! I should’ve known this was your work, Cap. Who else do you have running around in here, Elvis?”
Barnes reached out and grabbed his arm, squeezing hard. “I already told you, I’m not an idiot, Stark. I
Tony shook his head. “Not yet, but JARVS is cracking it even as we speak.” Fury had sent the team on a bust, crashing the headquarters of some big time black market dealers. After eradicating the rogues, Natasha had downloaded their entire mainframe to be shipped back to Tony. If anything, Tony would be able to lead the team to any other straggling operations they had missed.
She reached into her pocket and pulled out a worn picture. “Here. Grandpa always said that he never saw the war as the end of his life; it was the beginning of a new one. Moving on to America was the best decision he ever made; he never regretted anything that happened.”
Steve shushed him, bringing his other hand to push it through Tony’s dark locks. “You don’t have to understand, ok? Everything’s going to be ok, now. I’m going to keep you safe.”
The rest of the Loopers cheered, hugging Sam, and pulling him back to towards the club. Steve followed dutifully.
The cold lip of a metal cup was pushed up against his mouth. “Of course you will,” Yinsen continued. “You were out like a light after two punches. You’re still dehydrated, still healing from the warehouse.”
Rumlow was cut off by Rogers slamming him into the wall. Using his surprise to his advantage, Rogers broke free of his restraints, grabbing Rumlow’s gun. A few quick shots later, and Rumlow was still on the ground.
It was almost surreal, how fitting Bucky’s new arm was. The shiny metal contrasted greatly with his pale skin, but the size and movement just flowed with the rest of his body. It was if it was just paint covering an actual, flesh arm. Steve had never thought of it until he had seen Bucky’s arm, but Tony was one hell of an artist, in his own way. While of course, Steve had been worried over the initial installment, what with Tony and Bruce having to connect the arm to the nerves in Bucky’s upper shoulder, he knew it was all worth it when he saw Bucky’s eyes light up as he picked up his rifle again.
Tony didn’t know how long they stayed there. Tony curled up around Steve’s chest, listening to him breathing; Steve swaying Tony against him, humming some old tune.
“Ms. Scarlett?” a grating voice asked. Like nails on a chalkboard. Natasha could imagine Mrs. Barkley on the other side of the door, one hand raised and ready to knock again, the other clutching her sunglasses and designer handbag. Another thing that was new – this time, not to rub her apparent wealth in the other parent’s face, but because a replacement was necessary, especially after a few weeks ago when Natasha had accidently slipped a hand in to loosen a nail polish cap, painting the entire bags insides a vomitous pink.
They had tried the whole relationship once. After Stane, and the whole almost dying thing, the two just ended up together.But it was never meant to be. They had missed their chance. All of the years of Pepper taking care of Tony, and Tony doing everything to make sure she wouldn’t leave, proved that the two were just meant to be family instead.
“I’m surprised he actually managed to fall asleep,” Rhodey murmured, looking over at Steve as well. “I’d believe that Barnes came in and drugged him before thinking the guy actually fell asleep on his own. He’s been sitting here for days waiting for you to wake up.”
JARVIS obliged, playing back the footage, until the car was pulling in to the street, Tony able to make out the fuzzy face of The Captain in the driver's seat. "There," Tony pointed to his face. "Can you get facial recognition off that face?"
He was the dirty jobs guy for The Commandos, no question, but Tony could start to see that Barnes had carved this little niche for himself not because to desired too – in fact, the only desire he probably had was to make sure that no one else had too. The unrewarded guardian angel, constantly laying down in the filth and the gore so the rest could walk over him unblemished.
“Does it matter?” Tony shouted back, already loading his own sidearm. “If they’re shooting at us, I think it’s safe to assume that they’re not on our side.”
Now he’s gone and ruined everything. Fury would start with Clint and slowly work his way down the line until every Commando, even Steve, sat rotting in prison for the rest of their lives.
Pepper’s eyes softened, but she slowed their sways to a halt. “Rhodey and I are your family too, you know,” she said in response.
“Potentially, there is a delusional pyro on the second floor who has already detonated three bombs today. Who knows what else he’s cooking up in there,” Rhodey sighed.
Tony laughed, leaning up to press a final kiss on Steve’s lips. “You know me so well,” he said when he drew away.
“He’s made fake SSR files,” Tony breathed in realization. “Ones that will be able to clear him for good.”
Clint said nothing. He walked over to Tony slowly, until his legs gave out under him. Shaking hands reached out to touch the metal of the suit, tracing along the arc reactor, and up the sides until they got to Tony’s face. Not stopping his journey, Clint’s hands traveled onto Tony’s skin, feeling the warm flesh.
you? Waiting for the off chance that you’d set shot up with something so we could bench press the same weight?”
“You think I don’t know?” Barnes continued. “About your men guarding our safe houses? Or that there has been a distinct lack of police activity after something as huge as a bomb going off in Brooklyn? Or how about the fact that JARVIS is still monitoring our phones?”
Steve felt a tear of his own fall down his cheek. He didn’t see Tony anymore. He saw himself, getting his life getting ripped apart by the future Rogers. He saw a reflection, cold and alone, with nobody. Tony was no more broken than himself.
For the first time in weeks, Steve broke out into a smile, laughing brightly as he grabbed at Clint. “Get the vans ready!” he called behind him, the rest of the crew already on the move.
- these names and files that are mentioned will play a HUGE part later in the story, especially with Pierce and our new villain
But no, you come waltzing in one day and suddenly I’m nothing more than an accessory. Why did he pick you?! What made you so goddamn special?! I sat every single goddamned day of my life, just waiting for my dad to come home one day and tell me I finally made it. That I could finally come work with him. But he gave it to
“Tomorrow.” Tony looked at the ground, unable to watch the rest of their worried faces, eyes darting around the room in disbelief. “They don’t mess around it seems,” Tony tried to joke.
Tony shrugged. “Not my fault I’m smarter than everybody else. Besides, Barton, you should count yourself lucky that I’m on your side. Someone’s got to keep you out of fire from the Norwegian police when we make our little field trip – wait. Does Norway even have police? Do they use vikings?”
Tony sighed, pouring himself another drink. It had been hours since Coulson had escorted Pepper to the closest police precinct with evidence against Stane. She was originally supposed to bring them to Fury at his headquarters, but Tony had shot them down quickly. Pierce was going to be there, and Tony wasn’t going to let Pepper anywhere near that monster.
Bruce stared into his hands, trying to piece his memory back together. He felt Thor’s comforting hand reset on his shoulder.
Tony bit his lip hard, tasting the coppery bitterness of blood on his tongue. He should leave. Barnes would survive; Tony couldn’t do anything more to help him. If anything, this way his only chance to run. He knew who Steve was now. Tony felt another wave of betrayal course through him.
Steve frowned. Whatever look he was trying to go for here was clearly a failure – the cozy campsite image turned out more like a camp that was ravaged by a bear.
Steve bit his lip, trying to figure out if that was a good or bad sign, watching the team of surgeons work on his husband from behind a large pane of glass. Peter made another unhappy noise from his stroller that was brought in by Bruce. Steve immediately shot a hand out to rock it back and forth, not taking his eyes off the EKG machine attached to Tony.
Tony’s eyes were red, his voice raw with emotion. Steve wanted nothing more than to bundle him up tightly and bring him back to bed, to shield him from all of their problems. How had this happened again? He had been so focused on Tony’s health that he didn’t step back and realize that the medicine
Bucky pulled up first, Clint flinging his door open, out of the car before it was even in park. He sped through the store for the second time that day, busting down the secret entrance to the speakeasy, gun drawn. He felt Bucky move in behind him, the pair walking silently down the steps.
The man was mostly hidden by the shadows of the buildings, but Tony could still see that his entire focus was on The Captain and the car. "Do a scan on him as well."
Tony gave a hollow chuckle. “Well that’s too bad for you, honeybuns. You dragged me into this, so it looks like you’re stuck with my pompous asshole. Now step aside, and let me work my magic.”
Clint when he'd first learned about them that he'd stay out of it. But this was above them all. HYDRA was above them all.
It wasn’t long before the facility was encased in silence again. The few men that were charged with guarding the building were no match for the onslaught from The Commandos.
“Yea, I’m still here. Listen, I’m going to go and grab Steve. We’ll catch up with you later.” With that, he hung up, handing the phone back to the still gushing woman with a final wink.
Tony didn’t hear the man respond, but saw blue eyes crack open again. He could do this. Tony could keep them safe. He scanned the road, praying that help would be there soon. He wasn’t sure how much longer Barnes had before he went delirious again or just plain bled out. Feeling his heartbeat slow down, Tony’s brain caught up with him, finally begging the million dollar question.
“Well, that’s good, because I’ve got a pretty nasty rap sheet. I don’t think I’d much like the life I deserve.”
The Captain decided that they needed to keep everything the same; if HYDRA had been canvasing them, having routine would probably increase their chances. Same building. Same dark room. Same time. Same old iron chair that Tony found himself tied to yet again.
Tony snorted, sharp laughter escaping his chest as he wrestled in bed with Steve. “You’ve been hanging around me too much,” he giggled. “I’ve ruined you.”
“No, you wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for you,” Steve returned, a weak smile appearing on his face.
Steve flinched, but made no comment. There wasn’t anything to say, considering the man was right. Tony would be safe, hidden away in his penthouse if he’d never gotten involved with Steve. Now, because of him, Tony was probably rotting away with some second rate gang.
In his profession, it wasn’t the first time he had asked himself that, but Bucky was almost certain that he had been a goner. Bucky tried to force his eyes open, but the slight movement drained the energy he already didn’t have, the bright lights that crept through his eyelids scorching his pupils.
Steve ignored the please, focusing on grabbing the charge from the tip of Schmidt’s cape. Schmidt’s flight pattern grew more erratic, Steve being tossed in every direction. Finally getting a grasp on the bomb, Steve chucked it down immediately, letting go of Schmidt as well, watching as the boy flew away to safety.
“How could you think that, doll?” Bucky answered hoarsely. “How could you let us make you think that?”
Natasha snorted. “No he doesn’t. The woman he got off the phone with is Pepper Potts. Stark named her the CEO last month.”
Stane snorted. "A worthy sight indeed." The man leaned forward, face almost pressing in between the thick bars. "Comfy?"
Steve shook his head. “I don’t think so. If HYDRA knows about the SSR files, I don’t think they’d have blabbed that information to everyone else. It’d be a bloodbath.”
Bucky placed the tray down before wringing his hands nervously. “Well, you haven’t eaten anything all day, so it seemed like the best course of action.”
Without a second thought, she dragged Sam into Fury’s office for some semblance of cover. She could hear Ward step in behind her and she spun, tackling him to the ground in surprise. She was off of him before he managed to get with the program. He swore and grabbed at her ankles but then Sam was on him, fists beating into the side of his temple. She allowed her focus to shift back outside, Ward’s gun already nestled in her hands. The doors still hadn’t opened and she used it to her advantage, dipping back out the door, hiding in the cubicles and waited.
, Steve thought wildly. An engineer was nothing without his hands. There was no way Tony could survive without them. He knew Tony thought the same if they way his wide eyes and shouts to the guards meant anything.
That was all the confirmation Bucky needed. Even if it was hailing out in the middle of the night, Bucky would trust Clint’s eyes. “He’s heading for the car.”
He stomped up the three flights of stairs, his feet heavy and uncaring of the tenants around him. He sidled over to a door marked as
“He was under the bar.” Tony turned to see Steve enter the room. It looked like he came from down the stairs, so if Tony had to guess, he had been up in his office, letting the scene with Obie unfold under his watchful gaze.
He stepped away from the dance floor, expertly dodging the milling bystanders. He thought he saw Obie’s large frame across the room and made a point to catch him on his way out. The bar was surprisingly empty, most of the patrons already out and about, bragging to one another about their endless wealth. “Martini,” he told the bartender, leaning over the tabletop. “Extra everything.”
Another response from Natasha, and Stark sighed. “Yes, there is. Sam called and said that Steve wants us to give out the rest of the file locations? That can’t be right.”
“No, you’re not!” Steve shouted. “You don’t get to do this, not now,” he hissed. “I will not let this happen again. Fuck your reasons and fuck your pride. Come on,” he added, reaching his hand out. “Let me take care of you.”
Tony shot him a glare. “Yeah, well this is some very unstable material. We only got one shot at this.”
The Captain ran a hand through his hair, sighing. “Alright, we’ll find The Monger another way.” He looked back to the rest of his men. “Get your feelers out. The Monger may be our next link to the man puppeteering HYDRA.”
"Tony?" Tony startled, head snapping to the mob boss. The blonde smiled slightly, nodding encouragingly.
Stark nodded, pulling out of his grip. “Besides, it doesn’t matter. Regardless of everyone sabotaging each other, Steve was still right. We do have a common goal; we can work together. Except this time, it’s not about HYDRA. It’s about saving The Captain.”
Of course, all their arguing didn't really seem to matter in the end. All that bickering and all they had to show for it was another dead body. And no answers.
Wanda bit out a laugh. “Are you joking? No. Absolutely not. If Stark got nabbed then that’s on him. It’s about time he finally get wiped off the map.”
“Scott Summers, longtime supporter of superhuman rights has disappeared,” he read. A picture of a smiling man, sunglasses glinting in the sun stared back at him. “Cyclops.”
“Is that what you want?” Steve asked, still sitting on the floor. He sure he looked like an absolute mess – he was not a pretty crier, that was for sure. Runny nose, red rimmed eyes, and a blotchy face. “To be like us?”
Steve chuckled, squeezing at Sam’s shoulder. “I’ll do you one better. Next time I visit, I’ll use the front door and take you back home. Square deal?”
But, Tony had stood through the entire meeting. And The Captain was a no show. Tony, of course, received no messages from the man for an explanation. Not that he was expecting one anyway; the blonde had told Tony that they couldn’t risk any forms of communication until their public stunt was over. Tony was worried, sure, but he trusted that The Captain would hold up his end of the bargain.
“Don’t,” Steve started, turning to face her. “I know what you’re gonna say. This wasn’t your fault.”
After the first few days, Steve decided it best to split the team, always having a backup option if something else went wrong before the other team got back. It was actually Tony who asked if Bucky could stay back with him and Bruce to try out his new arm. With the increased threats and activity, they couldn’t afford to be a man down.
“Thank you, Bruce,” Steve reassured. “Tony wouldn’t want anyone to look over him except for you. Neither would I.”
A familiar sound pierced his ears. Looking up, he saw his backup suit hovering down to the ground. He didn’t hesitate to rush over to it, feeling the comfort of the metal suit conforming to his body. “Come on, we’re heading back to Stark Industries.”
Sure, they said things sometimes that left the others spinning, but they were always there to pick each other up again.
“I can name thirteen other incidents that your description of ‘fine’ has landed you in the hospital.”
“You see, this?” Tony said, gesturing between the other two men. “This is why you weren’t supposed to ever meet officially.”
A faint dusting of pink sprinkled Steve’s cheeks. “Well, I-I know,” he stuttered. “I just wanted to- ”
“Well yea,” Steve scoffed. “The kid over there made sure of that,” he continued, shooting a finger over to the young Schmidt.
“Because the physical files have something he doesn’t want anyone else to see,” Steve breathed in realization.
“No, no, no!” the boy protested. “You don’t have to worry about training me! I know all of your moves, your shield, fighting style, catchphrases, you name it! I’m your biggest fan!”
He was in a rougher part of the neighborhood, but Rogers paid no mind. After all, Iron Man could be here.
century, not some cheesy 1940’s Al Capone reenactment! You can’t rely on just your fists anymore. You see, it’s not about having the bigger guns, it’s about having the
It was the first of a two-part minimum debrief process; some of there well known conflicts had debriefs that spread weeks, much to his team’s dismay. Even the double meeting debriefs were a hassle wrangling everyone in, but Steve knew it was a necessity. He liked having an immediate meeting, despite being exhausted from the mission; everything that had happened was still fresh in everyone’s mind – and considering that half of the members on the team didn’t bother filling out post-mission paperwork, it was essential to get those details, in case they get lost at a further meeting.
Tony placed a hand on his shoulder, the blonde shivering faintly at the touch. “Relax, Cap. No one knows where this place is but us. We’re perfectly safe; there’s no way HYDRA can find out we have him. Now come on; let’s go see our latest guest.”
Tony had to hand it to the blonde, the shot was perfect. Tony always considered Barton a deadly shot; everyone on the street knew that Clint Barton never missed. The wound on his arm was just another proof of that. While Tony had originally thought that he had gotten lucky and dodged a disastrous bullet, him getting shot was just another part of The Captain’s plan. The bullet that Barton delivered went straight through his previous set of stitches; none of the doctors at the hospital, Pepper, or Obie discovered that he had already been shot there just weeks before, and Tony had the added bonus of not marring any other skin.
Barton’s voice trickled out behind him. “Oh, yeah," he said, huffing out a laugh. “Couldn’t get the bastard to shut up.”
Tony didn’t know what he was expecting, but it sure as hell wasn’t that. A surge of jealousy coursed through him. The bond that Barnes had with The Captain was almost one you hear in in story books. Tony would never have that; has
Justin shrugged. “Who knows, but he’ll probably move fast. He’s already got the name Joseph Grant, so he’s probably already searching for him.”
Fury looked stunned. “You do realize what you’d be giving me? You, your company; as soon as word gets out about this, it might all be over.”
He locked in on Bucky’s name. Ever since they’d been sent into witness protection, he’d had nothing but time to think and reflect on everything that had happened. There were a lot of things he wanted to say, but never thought he’d get the chance.
“Come on, Stevie,” Bucky sighed. “Sam says he hasn’t seen you eat since yesterday.” He walked up to the other man, laying a sandwich down at the man’s elbow.
“Stop trying to justify yourself. You ruined my life. You took everything from me! And now I’m going to kill you.”
“Don’t knock it till you try it,” Tony replied, leading Steve and the others into the small store. The restaurant was empty, but it was still pretty early in the day. A singular man stood behind the counter, wiping it down with a cloth. Seeing the other enter his shop, the man stopped, greeting them all with kind eyes hidden behind wired glasses.
Fury paused for a moment, deep in thought. “You can consider this pro bono, as well,” he finally responded. “Pierce has made this find as public as possible. The bust of the century, they’re already calling it. He’s already gotten in contact with the governor. He’s going to present it to him in a ceremony with full press, tomorrow morning. He’s probably hoping for a large promotion, most likely my job. And if what you said is true, handing that information over will mean bad things for the people named on that list.”
“Yes, Sir," Justin answered, voice dripping with false sympathy. "With us knowing The Captain’s real identity, he said we didn’t need you anymore. Cut you out of the picture. I trust Stane as far as I can throw him. How long before he deems me unnecessary? I’m not willing to take that risk.”
Justin blanched. That couldn't be possible, could it? “Rumlow’s abduction was over a month ago!" he exclaimed. "Why didn’t we move sooner?”
Stane held the arc reactor in front of him. “This is your ninth symphony, Tony. This, this here is your legacy,” he said, shaking the arc reactor. “This is going to put us back on top. A whole new age of weapons with this at the heart of it.” He laughed again, standing straight. He cast a final glance to Tony before retreating to the speakeasy stairs. “Thank you, my boy.”
Steve shook his head, his mind already racing to the worst possible scenario. Yinsen was just a witness; he was the odd man out in the equation. If Steve was on the other side, he could see Yinsen being of no use, a spare. Steve could only pray that another innocent hadn’t lost their life because of him.
Just a side note: School has started up again, and believe it or not, but Tony Stark may have misled everyone:
Tony let out another cry before he was running back into the kitchen. He could hear steps following him and Tony veered, turning back long enough to reach for the coffee mug, and chuck it at the apparition as well. Steve managed to dodge this one, the ceramic shattering on the wall behind him.
"No," Tony cut him off. Unwanted images of Rhodey's prone form bleeding out on the sidewalk filtered through his head. "I don't want you caught in the crossfire."
Steve ignored her, pushing further into the room, walking around, looking for any sign, any clue as to who had cleaned out the whole space. “Dammit!” he shouted, kicking at a metal shelf.
At some point in time later, after at least an uncomfortable and silent fifteen minutes, the man had asked him something, but Tony, being the adult he is, had blatantly ignored him.
Howard had been right about one thing. The only one that he could protect himself was to keep away from the lies. All the slander.
Tony raced to his desk, snatched up his phone and his sidearm. He raced down to his car, jumping over the door and into the driver’s seat through the open top. Tony found himself stopping however, when he looked down at his phone.
The Captain shook his head. “Not much, just a name. He calls himself ‘The Monger’. Ring any bells with anyone?”
Back on the street, Tony immediately dashed back in the direction of the restaurant, cursing when he heard a shout. Turns out The Captain’s men were a lot closer to him then he originally thought. Tony ignored them, his mind focused purely on reaching the cars. As he was running, he uncapped the water bottles, letting the liquid flow down onto the street. He also tore open the sugar bag, dumping most of it off to the side of the road, hoping that the trail he left wouldn’t be noticed by the men chasing him.
On the far wall, there was still the floor to ceiling windows, reflecting the skyline into the room.
A fire roared inside him, anger consuming him. “Come on, then,” Steve finally answered. “Let’s go make some mistakes.”
Tears slid down his cheek again and he twisted in the sheets, worrying his face between an already tear-stained pillow.
“Exactly!" The Captain shouted, throwing his hands in the air. "You said that you can get him on the FBI’s Most Wanted, right? Let his fear drive him to give us info. What makes you think he’ll believe you? Besides, for all of this to work in the end, we’d have to let him go. Have him go back out into the wild, and just hope that some cop will pick him up? Yeah, I don’t think so. He’ll know what I look like and know that we’re working together! What’s to say HYDRA won’t get to him first? Then we’ll all be screwed. No, this man doesn’t leave this room alive.”
“There is another one here from a Dr. Strange. It appears Mr. Barnes is on the mend and he wants to know if- ”
“Because JARVIS isn’t only programmed to make updates on me. And I haven’t heard a word from our British super nanny about you. But you’ve obviously gotten out.”
Tony leaned forward, reaching for the suitcase that had survived the whole jounrey, now blackened and dented from recent events. With shaking fingers, Tony carefully unlocked the clasps, sighing in relief when he saw the computer inside with a light blinking, indicating it still operational. Even if Tony didn’t have a phone, he might be still able to reach out to The Captain through the computer.
People shoved past each other as they grabbed everything they could carry. Guns were loaded and boots were tied before everyone was running out front, piling into huge vans. Sam sped down the street, listening to Tony’s clipped directions. Steve watched as Natasha handed Bucky an already loaded gun so he wouldn’t have to fumble with his one arm. Thor looked gravely out the window, his fingers dancing over his extra ammo pack. Steve felt Tony nervously tap his leg in the car, the blonde shooting a hand out, placing it on his knee.
Hammer watched as Pierce approached the body slowly, taking in all the apparent injuries. “They did do a number on this one,” he said. “The Captain has quite the temper, it seems. We must have him flustered then,” Pierce continued with a small smile.
Stark nodded, slipping his phone into tailored suit. “Well then. This was fun, but I’ll, uh, just leave you to it,” he said, gesturing to the dead body.
“I’m sure it will be just fine, Tony.” Although if it was anything like the rest of the tower, Steve was sure he wouldn’t agree with it. But Steve couldn’t complain. Not with Tony being so generous. Steve would just have to get used to it; just like everything else.
Tony tried to soak in as much as possible, and when his face grew wet, he knew it was Steve crying. He was here. He had come for him. He was safe.
“No, that’s not- ” Bucky paused, regrouping. “You’re scarin’ me, Steve. I just –you gotta know that I’m here for you, right, pal? Whatever it is, you know you can tell me, right?”
But once Tony connected his lips was Steve, he knew he was done for. It was like Tony was a drug, giving him ten times the rush as the serum ever did. And Steve couldn’t stop. He wouldn’t stop.
soldiers - the same guns that I had created to defend and to protect them. These same guns that I saw in the hands of one of New York's most nefarious mafias.
If Steve couldn’t swim, God only knows how long he could hold his breath. What if there was a current? What if hypothermia kicked in?
Bright laughter caught both of their attention. The pair turned to watch Tony babbling animatedly, no doubt telling Phil some ridiculous story, and man shaking his head and chuckling. Steve walked past Clint to join the pair, sliding next to Tony, throwing an arm around the man’s shoulder. They all looked at home at the table, like they were always meant to be there, with him. Phil laughed again at something Tony said. Steve bent down to feed Lucky some crumbs that were left on the table. Clint could feel the phone burning in this pocket and smiled.
Tony swatted at his arm, darting away. “Don’t try anything,” Tony quipped, wagging a finger at Steve. “I’m not that easy. I expect a meal first.”
“We just need to get out of here. Treachery doesn’t tell us everything; just tells us our specific jobs, and once we’re done, we have to report back to him with the next one. It’s just- this job can’t go wrong. The Avengers already took out one of us last month. We can’t afford another failure, especially when we have them so flustered now. But now we have you; we have the upper hand.”
Steve liked the idea of not knowing, the ambiguity. The fact that he would never know if he was ever right about these people. Steve liked to think that he was always was. That they weren’t just average. That they were heroes, each in their own way.
“With this,” Tony breath, rapping his knuckles against the glass casing of the new reactor, “I won’t ever have to do it again.”
his handler had told him. At first, he’d been furious at the prospect. But now, he found himself looking forward to a curmudgeonly boss who never gave him passing glances, and an empty scrap yard that didn’t ask any questions.
She chatted him up for a while, slowly inching closer to him. He deflected about work, but she felt him cracking under her. She would get that information.
Steve stepped in, blocking the man’s path. “Yes, this is a very big problem, Clint, but we can’t do anything about this now. Phil’s made it this far keeping out of the spotlight, I think he can handle one more day. Wait until he gets off shift, and bring him back here, okay? I promise you, we’ll do everything we can to keep him safe.”
Bucky stared at him from across the room, eyes challenging. The gaze flicked over to Clint before returning to him.
Steve rolled his eyes. "Well, I'm sorry to say you'll be disappointed then. So, come on. Show me what you got. You'll be getting nothing from me."
Tony scrambled over Steve, grabbing a tablet that sat on the end table, JARVIS already pulling up the external security feeds. Lo and behold, there was Obie, waltzing straight through the closed down shawarma joint like he owned the place, heading to the back room where the speakeasy entrance was.
Steve nodded, squeezing Clint’s shoulder one last time. He walked back over to Tony and helped him up. Steve couldn’t stop himself from placing another kiss on Tony’s lips. He would never get over Tony’s kisses.
“I don’t know,” Steve replied, rubbing at the back of his neck. “We can’t know where the rest are going. I think it’s Fury’s way of making sure we don’t run as soon as everything is over.”
Steve didn’t think, his fist pulling back before throwing a solid punch towards his friend. Bucky dodged easily before twisting around Steve and pushing him down to the mat. “God, you’re rusty. No wonder you’re so grumpy. With technique like that, I’d be mad too.”
But Steve glared back at him before pulling he reached over the back counter and pulled out his shield. He smirked before throwing it at Rogers. Rogers barely had time to duck out of the way, flinging himself outside through a window.
Tony looked at the ground before glancing over at The Captain. Tony saw as he rubbed a hand at the back of his neck, a faint blush dusting across his cheeks. Tony smirked at The Captain, seeing as he looked like someone who got in trouble at school. When he looked back at Romanoff, the smile fell quickly from his face when he was met with another icy stare.
Tony liked to think he still had some part of a moral compass left. Sure, he dealt with some mobs, but he’s never made the full leap to dealer. It was too risky. Tony had his government contracts to protect him, but they could only do so much. Fury was already poking around; if Tony starts dealing with the other half of New York, how long until he finds himself behind a cell? All that extra money he would make would do him no good when he finds himself posted with no bail.
Tony straightened up immediately, flashing a quick smile to the man that just walked in. “Obie! What are you doing here?”
“But are you in good conscience? Do you hear the words that are coming out of your mouth?” Obie retorted, finally turning to look at Tony. “Listen, I can’t imagine what you’ve been through these last few months. You need to take some time for yourself. What happened today – you’re pushing yourself, and you’re clearly not ready to jump back in. You’re making rash decisions that- ”
The pair stepped in, Steve pushing the only button on the inside panel, the doors creaking shut behind him before the two of them started to descend. It was a short ride, and Steve was quickly back at the door, prying them open to reveal another dark cavern of concrete. As soon as the doors were open, however, the two of them were hit with a pungent smell.
His suspicions were confirmed when he entered the room to find Hammer’s goon already whimpering, throwing in a few body thrashes when he noticed Steve enter the room. Steve smirked. While Steve’s Captain visage was terrifying to most, being on the other side of an interrogation with Thor is absolutely hellish. Thor had that confidence, border lining on cockiness; a dominant power no matter what room he walks in. Hell, Thor hasn’t even touched this guy yet and he already looked like he was five seconds away from soiling himself. Then again, Hammer and his men are as cowardly as they come.
blew my cover. Besides, there’s too many of them here. I should have known that sneaking you out wouldn’t have been an option. All we have to do is reach the door and we’ll be golden.”
things. In the warehouse, Thorpe knew that Tony created Ultron. We never released that information, it was all under wraps. And now they somehow managed to break into our own base right through the front door? This is gonna go south very fast. And we can’t even prepare for it because we don’t
“I do like you, kid. But we’re sure that Bucky paid you a visit; we’re gonna have to do something about this. I know you’re probably expecting us to break your fingers with a hammer, something awful like that, but I’m gonna diffuse that tension right now. That’s not going to happen. What is going to happen is that I’m going to talk for a little, and you’re going to give up your friend.”
“I know you have contacts with some of the other mobs in the city. If HYDRA is hiding out with one of them, you can find out and- ”
“Looking for answers.” She looked around the room, most likely for Steve, but lucked out as the man came stomping in.
Even with his short question, Thor seemed to understand. “I am not positive of everyone; we’ve all seemed to scatter after… what happened. Clint hasn’t come back yet. Natasha… she’s gone off grid. Dugan and a few more haven’t come back from where they took off in the woods. Wilson is still here, standing with whoever else is left to guard the survivors.”
“Give him a break, Rhodey,” Tony chided, rolling his eyes. “The poor man hasn’t gotten any in three months.”
Steve spun around at the disembodied voice, gun already up. “Who’s there?” he asked into the dimly lit room, eyes tracking around the perimeter.
Steve took a deep breath as he started the car, messing with his bowtie that remained stubbornly crooked, regardless of him messing with it for what seemed like the millionth time. A slight breeze filtered in through his car windows, the fresh air calming the blonde. It was a perfect day, both clear and bright. A day that was saved for post cards. Steve smiled, eyes closing as he relished in the comforting warmth of the sun. He didn't think that he was superstitious, but he wouldn't refute the weather as a sign, no doubt symbolizing the future that lay before him.
A sharp knock roused him from a peaceful slumber. By the way Steve instinctively curled around him, he wasn’t ready for it either. Wasn’t ready to face the world again, wanting to stay in the small oasis they’ve created for themselves.
After ‘breaking out of the clink’, as Tony put it, the brunette brought Clint into SI’s main office in downtown New York – not without a quick burger stop. The building, well, tower really, was everything he expected it to be. It was loud, sleek, and ostentatious; basically Tony personified in a building.
“Yes, you will,” Pierce replied darkly. “And keep this to yourself. I don’t want any other officers poking around.”
Tony didn’t know how long he’d been there when he found himself waking up again. Peeking one eye open, he’d seen that someone had attempted to tidy of the room as Tony could actually get a clear shot of the floor. An arm reached across his middle, pulling him gently to lean against a chest and Tony tensed.
I didn’t fight back anymore after that; I couldn’t risk them sending something down that belonged to any of you.”
Flames spilled out of the windows and through the roof, dancing in the night sky, but Steve paid it no mind as he charged straight through the front door. Thick smoke clouded him and he heard Sam cough faintly behind him.
Tony had always been skeptical of the name, but being on the other side of James Barnes right now was enough for him to pray out a silent Hail Mary.
“You want to know why I was smiling when we went on that run with Sam?” Steve asked. “Not because you came with, or that you kept up with us. You were wearing those socks Bucky got you for Christmas – you know, the ones with the llamas in sunglasses? You pulled them all the way up so everyone could see and wore them with a pair of holey boxing shoes. You spent the whole run singing incorrect Marvin Gaye lyrics to make Sam crazy and making silly faces at babies in their strollers. The whole time, all I could think was how goddamn funny you were and how much I loved you,” he smiled. “And your grays? I fucking love your gray hairs. I miss them, actually. The ones right by your temples. It’s a reminder that we’re getting older, yes, but we’re getting older
