“Ok, fine, we’ll just be smart about this.  The cops can’t know about the Impala.  I’ll head over to Betty’s place and see what I can see from the outside, right?  If I don’t see anything weird, we assume it was just bad timing.  You...wait here, call the office for another night and, uh, I’ll bring food.  Sound good?”
Sam shook his head, glad that the greasy fast food joint was now in sight.  “Bullshit. Bobby, Ellen, Jo, and Rufus were all hunters, they knew the risks.  Charlie was translating the Book of the Damned and
Sam frowned at his phone.  Between Dean’s debauchery and Cas not responding to his texts, Sam was getting worried.  One or the other of them being a complete ass is pretty normal, but when they’re both off the grid, something is very wrong.  Sam brought up his and Cas’s chat log again, deciding to come clean about swiping Cas’s papers.
Cas was puzzled, that run down hotel was actually less than a mile from the bunker.  “Why not meet here?”
Melanie let out a soft laugh and withdrew from Castiel.  “Who could forget about you?”  Castiel was enthralled by the way the light broke against the curls in her hair and glistened from a pair of small, golden studs in her ears.  She stood, facing the bed, but dropped her hand down for Castiel to grab, which he did.  He allowed Melanie to pull him to standing and towards the bed.
“And you’re you, which is why I’m worried about Cas. C’mon Dean, stop bullshitting me.  What’s bothering you?”
Annoyed with himself more than Dean at this point, Sam uncomfortably reached to his back pocket and slid out the paper with one hand and grasped his phone with the other, attempting to compose an adequately apologetic message in his head.  He tapped the edge of the pages on his forehead in frustration.
“Yeah, hey man.”  Dean emerged from the shadows, from a spot that Cas could now clearly identify as the stairwell he was seeking.  Dean’s face was flushed and his eyes were red.  Dean was uncharacteristically undressed, wearing only a t-shirt and jeans and he was in clear need of a comb.
“Cas,” Dean nudged Castiel in the ribs, causing Cas to jerk his head back to the center of the room. “this is Melanie.  Melanie, this is...Cas.”
Cas awkwardly thumbed through a flipped over book on Dean’s desk and silently critiqued the number of weapons Dean used in his decorating.  His attention fell to Dean’s laptop.  It was turned at an angle away from the door, but the screen had not gone to sleep, indicating dean had just left the room.  Cas tilted his head to see an erotic photo open on the screen.
“We don’t claim to be holy or to be God.  We’re not older than the planet.  We don’t have divine knowledge and can’t smite Demons with our minds and shit - “
“I know that!”, Sam raked his fingers through his hair, “but she obviously thinks otherwise.  Why would she think that.”
Dean ended the call before the word “fine” was even completely out of Castiel’s mouth.  Castiel took a moment to mentally reach out for Dean and found a ball of uncertainty and impatience.   “Sam?” Castiel called out to the Bunker in general. “I’m going out for a while.”  He really wasn’t sure why the brothers insisted on that sort of notification system because it was notoriously unreliable given the metrics of the Bunker, but Cas was pleasantly surprised when he heard a muffled “okay” from somewhere vaguely in his left peripheral.
Dean clenched his fist, blood beginning to boil at the thought of anyone having that kind of power over Castiel. “Just over two weeks.”
The second time Cas stumbled on to Dean’s collection, it seemed more coincidental than intentional.  For the record, Dean invited Castiel to his room that night.  They were going to watch The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly at exactly 9:30.  However, when Castiel knocked on the partially opened door, Dean wasn’t there.  The angel took an awkward step inside, shoving his hands deep into his coat pockets.  Dean reminded him twice, so its not like the hunter forgot that they were supposed to meet.
“You may.” Castiel answered taking a step away from the boy and his presents.  The three older men watched Jack tear into exactly one of his gifts before ripping into their own.
When that short moment passed, Melanie returned her attention and her mouth back to Cas, as if she’d never let him go.  Cas could also feel that, while Dean appeared to be lying on his back with a darkly freckled arm across his face, Dean wasn’t staring at the ceiling.  He had Dean’s undivided attention as well.  He could feel Dean’s eyes on his face, and mouth, and chest.  This made him both self-conscious and a little bolder.  He made sort of a show of thrusting deeply into Melanie’s mouth, but decided he very much liked how that felt and kept doing it and found the woman was very accommodating. She rearranged herself so that she was on her knees, one hand and her mouth firmly gripping Castiel’s shaft and she used the other hand to gently tug on his testicles in rhythm with her head movements.
“You have to wake up Dean.  You have to wake up and live.  Find someone else with big blue eyes and messy hair.”
Dean took a few steps towards Cas and the battle hardened angel gulped reflexively.  Dean made a point of staring predatorily at his friend as Dean kicked off his boots, taking his socks off at the same time.  Eager to hide from Dean’s eyes, Castiel’s eyes found themselves on Dean’s hands, which Dean was using to make a proper show of breaking open his belt buckle and sliding the belt from the loops in his waistband.  Dean set the belt aside on the nightstand with a coy wink.
Sam took a measured, certain breath.  “Is this related to my asswipe of a brother?”.  He nodded as Cas nodded helplessly at the table.  “Cas, nobody ever asks me, but I don’t think that there is very much that Dean doesn’t understand about you or your arrangement.  If there is something that he needs to know or something that he’s deliberately making you misunderstand, he needs to be...corrected.”
There was a shuffle off screen and a second nude man came into frame.  This man was more muscular than the first and had lighter hair.  He whispered something inaudible to the woman and helped her back onto her knees.  Once situated again, the woman wrapped both hands around the new man’s hips and wrapped her mouth around his erect penis.  She appeared to happily bob her head along his length while the dark haired man murmured something from behind.  Seeing this woman clearly happy to be full, front to back, and in a kind of perverse tug-of-war caused the familiar flush to run down Cas’s body.
“Extenuating circumstances and, uh, Sam has this thing about, look, doesn't matter.  I’m in room 222. Please?”
“Not drunk,” Dean shook his head a little too emphatically.  “I wanted to be sure I caught you before you made it to the room.”  Dean waved Castiel in the direction of Baby and both men perched on the Impala’s hood.
Jack dutifully began doling out gifts into separate stacks.  Apparently, opening one gift each was no longer the plan.
“Room 121.”  Dean’s voice ripped Sam’s focus from the page.  Dean squinted at him from a few feet away.  Dean waggled the oversized hotel key fob at him.  “You wanna get some lunch first?  There was a fast food joint about a mile back?”
Sam glanced down and his eyes were drawn to a bit of handwriting that was visible above the fold Sam had made in the pages.
“Okay? Well, okay then,” Dean smiled and began walking.  When he didn’t hear Cas’s steps following him, he turned around to see Cas motionless and wide-eyed, perched on the car’s hood.  “C’mon, you,” Dean grabbed Cas by the sleeve and steered them both to the unlit stairway.
The world was dark.  Absolutely dark, as though light had never graced this place.  Dean felt the dark and the nothing seemed to permeate into his bones and his soul.  “Hello?”  Dean turned around and around, at least he thought he did, and could see or hear absolutely nothing.  He began to panic and couldn’t seem to catch his breath.
“Alright, there you go, buddy.”  Dean directed the golden haired dog to his bed in the corner with a point and a snap.  The dog cheerfully did as he was told.  He always did.  Winchester sighed heavily and gripped the edge of his bed tightly, until his hands turned white and began to tremble.  This was the hardest part.  The quiet part of the night, when there was nothing else to say or do and no way to distract himself from the empty inside.  He sighed and dropped to his knees on the floor, planted his elbow on his bed, and clasped his hands tightly.
“It’s ok Dean,” Cas smiled.  He closed his eyes and pressed his forehead against Dean’s.  “It’s about damned time.”  This time he initiated the long overdue kiss, trapping his friend’s bottom lip between his and running his tongue along that lip, wanting to taste every molecule of Dean.
“Hey now, don’t forget about me over here.”  Dean’s words broke the spell Castiel’s body was under and he found himself disappointed as all of his muscles began to relax.
“His name was Ansilo and he worked at a quarry.  He was scarred and calloused and I think he genuinely welcomed the opportunity for a break.  Anyway, I took a short detour into that village.  I wanted to sit for a prayer and experience the place from a human perspective.”
It was easy for Dean to forget that beneath Jimmie’s insurance agent exterior, Cas was a truly ancient being who had spent hundreds of thousands of years, more even, wandering and watching the Earth and its inhabitants.  At this moment though, with the bunker’s soft lighting accenting the contours of his face and bringing out the confused emotions trapped inside of his eyes, Cas looked so far beyond anything, anyone Dean could ever begin to comprehend that Dean knew he had to spend the rest of his life delving beneath the surface.  Dean swallowed the rest of his drink, but didn’t take his eyes off of the honest-to-God angel at his side.
“The keys?” Dean wasn’t even sure why he was feigning innocence about the keys, but at this point he couldn’t stop himself.
It was, in fact, almost evening the next day when Castiel’s phone rang and Dean’s name showed in the caller ID.  Catiel sighed, petulantly, and almost decided not to answer it, but his conversation with Sam the night before motivated him to spend time on Dean.
Cas rose from the table and gently pushed passed Dean to go to the stove to retrieve his bubbling brew.
Continuing from the last chapter, Cas found the explicit video Dean left for him.  Dean was Dean and Castiel was pissed.
Castiel frowned at the page he’d marked over with particular viciousness.  “Stood up implies that there was an arrangement in place.  There was never any such arrangement.”
It was unusually formal.  “Hi Cas.  I saw something that reminded me of you.  Seems like your style.  Saved it to my desktop.  Take your time.  Call later? - Dean.”
Cas smiled, sleepily.  “I’ve always loved you.  Not feeling it sooner was...hell.  Wake up, Dean. Live.”
“Do all of the Die Hard movies take place at Christmas?” Cas squinted at some DVD cases in his hands.
“No more pills.  No more alcohol.  No more Winchester courage,” Cas smiled broadly for the first time, “I didn’t die for you to kill yourself, accident or not.”  He ticked his head to the left, like he was hearing something.  His eyes drooped and his head nodded slowly.  When Cas spoke again, his voice was more gravely that usual and he sounded far away.  “You know, I used to get so annoyed when you both summoned me all the time.  I was busy, but none of it really mattered.  I just didn’t know it at the time.  I’m so sorry.  I wish I’d known how much you were both trusting me.”
“We can walk?”, Dean suggested.  There was something in Dean’s tone that made Sam’s fraternal spidey sense ping.
A thin, blonde, naked woman lay on a bed and she was artistically backlit by an open window..  She had her back arched outward from the bed.  One hand held both of her ample breasts and the other was tucked between her legs.  The woman’s mouth hung open and  her eyes were half-closed.  She looked radiant and happy.  Despite Castiel’s own limited sexual experience, he knew he was looking at the photo of the moment of the height of this woman’s orgasm.
“I’ve got you, handsome.” Melanie assured him, sliding off the bed with a pillow.  She dropped the pillow on the floor next to Cas’s chair and knelt on it.  Castiel clasped his hands rigidly to the chair’s armrest, but was sure to leave his body open as Melanie leaned into his space.  Dean momentarily grabbed Cas’s attention as he sat on the edge of the bed, but Melanie grabbed it back instantly, as she reached in to unbuckle his belt.  He watched her eyes and found her smile intoxicating.  She was earnest in unzipping his trousers and met his eyes as she slipped her hand inside, drawing him out.  Castiel was embarrassed when she drew out his already solid erection and by the fact that her touch seemed to shoot lightening through his body.
“Sounds beautiful,” Dean’s tone was mocking, but he reached out to grip Castiel’s shoulder affectionately.
It was Dean who suggested the Christmas dinner, on Christmas of course.  It was Sam who suggested that maybe a small dinner while they wait for Garth to infiltrate Michael’s forces would make the waiting easier.  Jack and Castiel agreed.  Jack wasn’t familiar with big family dinners and somehow it was decided that each man should focus on one dish.  Dean would of course, under threat of certain death, be the only one to handle the preparation for a turkey.  Sam opted for some over complicated frou-frou vegetable medley and Cas, after some days of thinking, volunteered to make a “drink I tried once at this one place”.  Jack discovered the wild world of Jell-O molding at Thanksgiving, so that would be his contribution.
Dean was proud to step in to the library hand-in-hand with Castiel and Jack merrily chattering ahead of them.  Sam looked up from a small pile of gifts on a library table when the trio entered and Dean scored his second full body smile for the day.  “Merry Not-quite Christmas, Dean”, Sam nodded towards Dean’s hand.
“What if they’re not - understood or understood by both parties?” Cas looked at Sam with open, pleading eyes.
The shrug again. “Should be soon, he said he’d drop his “care package” downstairs before his shift starts.”
Ruby put her laptop down on the table. “I mean, yeah. It doesn’t sound like the dumbest idea I’ve had in the last couple of days, and you’re insanely good looking -”
Snarling to himself, because it was easier to remember that he was something fundamentally unlovable with his fangs biting into the edge of his lips, Dean ran as fast as he was able to off his right, and the mountains that still loomed on that horizon. This might fuck up his navigation later, but it wasn’t like he could be anywhere nearby any border to Mexico yet.
“Maybe I’ll meet her one day and she can tell me so herself.” Eileen reached carefully for his hand. “I’ve learned not to rule anything out around you.”
“Yeah, well that was a whole load of crap.” Dean looked up and for a moment Sam missed the pretence, wanted Dean to paste on a smile even if he didn’t mean it. But he forced himself to keep looking. Maybe he owed his brother that.
Sam blinked. “They usually stay clear. Was it in a local? Have they been watching us?” He stood back, looking Dean up and down. “Did you even bring any weapons?”
Dean’s eyes flicked between the speakers, but he did not seem inclined to offer any more words himself. Maybe he found it difficult – it was rare that Sam had met monsters capable of speech.
Then things went black. Then there was pain, oh god so much pain, finally registering through the shock –
him. And they’re supposed to accept this whole lifetime achievement in horror award thing soon – but neither of them are going to turn up because they don’t want to risk bumping into each other or making the feud worse. And I just thought -”
Cas felt a flicker of strangulated longing rush through Dean’s brain as he stared down at the bunker’s tabletop, and he that knew Dean was slowly coming to the same conclusion Cas had hours ago, a year ago. But he hadn’t been lying – the last thing he wanted to do was force someone into saying or doing something they clearly weren’t ready to.
He moved slower after he’d fed, wandering vaguely back towards the straight path he’d been on before. Well, as straight as a person could go around these bare mountain ranges he was getting back into now.
It felt like a pass or fail question. “No. I did sometimes when I was little – my granny used to like teaching me.”
Maybe Lilith had happily kept going out with all their mutual friends, including the one she’d been sleeping with, and they’d all got to have a good laugh about how fucking stupid Ruby was.
“Rowena. She didn’t give us an option, she just sorta showed up with gifts and assumptions. At first I thought she was just angling to get her hands on the bunker books but she turned out very doting. Almost too doting.” He rolled his eyes but looked anything but upset. “Dean made the mistake of telling her the first time he got a bad grade, and then again the first time he got his heart broken. That second one was….
Dean had made Cas sit through hundreds of old action flicks, and Michael stepped out of the shadows like he knew he was the mastermind villain from one of them, and was being directed to make the most of his entrance. “You’re here to dabble with this, I take it?”
Sam held up the wriggling injured rabbit Jo had just appeared with. If compound living offered any choice or luxury he’d be feeling very interested in vegetarianism again. “This do?”
The angel’s face crinkled unexpectedly into a smile. “No, I’ve lived a basically debauchery-free existence. Are you offering to help change that for me, Dean?”
(Of course, the day before it had felt so much like Cas was the one getting to drive Dean crazy. But Dean had apparently recovered quickly from that.)
Nodding as Sam glanced back at him, silently motioning that they should move forwards, Cas found himself staring at the back of his head, lost in thought, as the rest of their small team moved in behind them. Sam hadn’t seemed like much of a natural leader when Cas had first met him, approaching him after one of his classes. He was certainly able to command the attention of his group of teenagers, but Cas wouldn’t have been able to imagine him leading a charge against a wall of unfamiliar monsters, even knowing he was Dean’s brother. But now he’d seen it for himself and had no more doubts. Sam was the sort of person people wanted to listen to, wanted to follow. And the reason for his drive in what he did was so clear, so
After Dean had determined that the TV was unfixable, he stood up and only had to consider things for a moment before saying, “look, man… I can’t fix this for you. But – look, not in a weird way, but I’m a fan, ok? And I really am on holiday here, alone, and I do have like five TVs…”
Tracy stalked her way up and down the aisles, looking at the dusted ceiling. “Ok. Five minutes have started. What do you want to do with them?”
With effort, he focused and found his eyes sharper. The man in front of him was familiar, smelt like a friend.
“You learn fast,” Michael said, his voice easy and calming as always. Dean couldn’t let his mind think back to the sessions on his couch because if he did he’d want to scrub the inside of his brain until it started bleeding again. He’d told this guy, this angel, about his parents, about Bobby, about being alone in the wastes with Sam –
“No, it’s not. See,” he met Cas’s eye now, somehow looking steadier in that than Cas thought he had in years, “I think you know that we love you. That I don’t just need you here with me, because you’re helpful, that I -”
Cas lived with his sister, and after Sam decided to take up a teaching position on the other side of the strange army town compound thing they now found themselves in, Dean was living alone, and that was terrifying after years of only knowing everything was ok if he could hear his brother breathing beside him. He could hear other people breathing, and snoring, the barracks weren’t some kind of paradise, but it wasn’t the same.
Dean grinned, his green eyes sparkling with more life than Cas had seen in them in weeks. “Would it make you start laying off about me forgetting to buy toilet paper if it was?”
“They’re coming,” he said, heaving in a breath to prove he’d put effort into the climb. Pointless, really. Sam surely knew by now that Cas was no more human than Dean was.
The ‘local’ Sam had invited Ruby to was, a little sadly, the same one he and Mick had drank in a lot as seventeen year olds, eager to look out the places with little interest in seeing IDs. For that, the place had retained their loyalty, and because whenever Dean joined them, he enjoyed that the pool table was almost always empty.
When he made his way back to Dean’s spot, Sam found that his brother had been crying too. Cautious, as he feared this could just be one more trick from the monster, Sam approached him, fighting down the hope building in his chest.
He continued to look down at the camp, stating to think now that Dean had gone quiet. It could be disastrous to let Dean free before he had the children with them, but it would be difficult to get to them on his own. They were asleep, they wouldn’t understand him, and they were currently the best guarded thing in the camp, right at the centre. It was Garth and Rufus on guard there – Cas suspected that he could convince the former to let him take over, maybe, but Rufus…
Dean opened his eyes and immediately put a clawed hand to the damp spot on his face. Too high to be drool.
“Maybe we should just rent strike,” Cas suggested, wanting to defend on the prudish accusation but feeling like it was more important to change the subject immediately. Especially when Dean was close enough for Cas to smell his shampoo.
Seeing the twin prizes Cas had been looking for, he smirked and started circling his fingers over Dean’s nipples, enjoying the ensuing noises that brought out so much that he soon was twisting and pulling much more intensely with one hand, while he brought his mouth to the other one.
Had his windpipe not been crushed Dean would have groaned. Instead, all he could do was wait for the final blow Michael seemed determined to draw out, like a cat tearing apart a ball of yarn.
“I didn’t know what he was planning,” Cas said, his voice even rougher than usual. “If I had, maybe -”
Shaking his head again, Dean seemed torn between accusing the dog of something or cracking a bad joke. “Fine.”
If the lopsided grin he was wearing now meant anything, Dean seemed to be sharing that relief. “Alright, well you can bet I’m serious about this. When the world quits acting so nuts? No more living together. I don’t think we do each other any good.”
“It takes a lot more creepy mojo to keep an angel locked up than it does us,” Victor explained. “So he gets a lot more ‘sessions’ than the rest of us do – and usually they come after a fight.”
Other than leaning one hand down on the ground for support, Cas didn’t move. But his face went white. At first, Sam thought it was fear clouding his face, but then he recognised what it really was. It was rage.
Sam was going to be okay. He was safe, he was loved, and Dean recognised the look he’d had in his eyes when they’d spoken about the compound before. Sam had
Dean was definitely right about one thing. They were both broke, and living in a very expensive world.
Sam nodded, and took his hands back out, remembering to try and sign what he could. “I think there’s something we could try – to get Cas back.”
“Good,” Dean said, and kissed him again, cradling his face with both hands, fingers burying into the hair Cas wished he was able to get trimmed. Breathing in the smell of him, Cas snaked his hands up Dean’s back to hold him up.
“Ok. See, I thought it was because you’re not like them. Of course you’d turn on them. I just didn’t get why you’d do it for me.”
Cas narrowed his eyes at his roommate, who’d just finally emerged from his room, eyes rimmed red and still in pyjamas. It was almost midday.
Dean took a swig of his beer, then placed it back down on the table and started carefully picking at the label. “Shouldn’t have said what you did.”
“Well, you’d think, wouldn’t you?” Ruby pulled a face. “But it turns out you mostly just realise how fucking pathetic you are.”
“Ah, so that’s what siblings are for…” As he laughed, Ruby eyed the mostly empty bottle of wine. “Can I, uh… get you anything?”
Dean was going to live to see it. And Dean was getting a life too, right. He started his new job Monday. When he remembered about it, he was nervous.
Clutching his throat, Dean slid down the wall, grateful to see that Benny wasn’t fighting alone. Others were with him – they hadn’t given up on him.
“You feel pretty amazing too,” Cas said, wishing he hadn’t apparently ran through all his smart one-liners already. “But could we just… shift a little? I feel like I’m going to fall off the couch.”
And I don’t know all the details, but Miss Harvelle will be struggling to put weight on her right leg for some time, from what I understand.”
He looked at his brother, at Jo, and knew he’d got himself back enough to tear himself to pieces before he touched them, but he couldn’t help wanting to, and he’d never be able to trust himself around them. He couldn’t sink back into the comforting ignorance of hunting without consequence – because now there would always be consequences, even if only delivered by his own brain. Cas had woken that up again.
Certain he wouldn’t be getting any further replies to this, Dean set his phone down on the table and turned on the TV. He’d had his house up on that stupid holiday website for years, which he was almost sure had been Sam’s idea, and because the photo they had up was pretty great, every few months he’d get people asking after it. But almost always, the holiday swap factor put them off. (Except this one guy, but Dean hadn’t wanted to either take the time off, or go to Newcastle for a week. Like… Newcastle.)
Cas had always known that his family planned to end the world, he just hadn’t known when, and hadn’t for a moment expected to live through it. He’d been five years old the first time he had been brought down to the cellar underneath his house, and shown the Doomsday Device. It had a longer, more important sounding name in Enochian, but Cas tended to pronounce it badly, so he never called it that, when he did refer to it at all. There were seven, scattered across the globe, and one day, when the world was deemed passed redemption, the levers would all be pulled at once, and the world would be made anew.
Though Cas had several optimistic guesses as to where Dean was taking the end of his sentence, he never got to hear it, thanks to the phone in Dean’s pocket going off, loudly. Though Cas avoided social media, he was familiar enough to guess that Dean was getting a facebook call from someone.
There couldn’t be any doubt now. He was a monster, who couldn’t be around people anymore. Maybe he’d just cracked, and all the things that had ever happened to him had just wormed there way into his consciousness. Or maybe he really had been infected, days after admitting to his shrink that the thought was his worst fear.
Twenty minutes later Dean heard his brother start snoring, and decided to at least try getting some sleep himself.
She waved a chip in his direction. “I make an excellent boss, and I’ll let you in on my secret to how I manage it.”
Jack nodded, seeming grateful that he didn’t need to explain himself further. Cas let his face twitch up into a smile and gestured at the seat which his Jack had only just vacated. “Well, I’m more than available to talk.”
“Liar,” the angel said without hesitation. “You did this to protect someone.” His face slid into something like pity, and Dean couldn’t stand to keep looking at it.
“And I let the person I cared about die.” Cas had to catch his breath for a moment after that. He’d never said it aloud before. “And if you hadn’t arrived today, I wouldn’t have done anything,” Cas added quietly. “You can help the world – you know how. But I’m -”
“I think he just knows you’re about to take him out and he’s getting impatient,” Cas soothed, not wanting to admit he also found it a little disquieting. This wasn’t the first time the dog had seemed to react to what they were saying.
When he finally wandered up to find Dean back in his spot, restrained tightly once more, he wasn’t really surprised to see Cas there, not talking to him. Of course they were both happy ruining their lives over one another but not ready to talk, right.
“What?” Cas was listening to Sam, but his eyes were back on Dean now as Benny helped him back to his feet. He was smiling, but it didn’t look like a real smile.
. And when you see that old… miserable cuss tell him to call if he’s really that fucking lonely.” He raised a finger. “I won’t answer. But.”
Dean looked up, looking every inch the surprised academic. “Hello.” Then he wrinkled his nose as he let the book hang slack in his fingers, immediately breaking character. “Wait, does this feel too staged for amateur -”
After making her way through Lilith’s recent tweets, seven buzzfeed quizzes, one compilation of FAIL vines and nine trailers she had no intention of ever watching the movies of, she went into the kitchen and started trying to make herself a sandwich, before remembering she never actually bought herself any bread, and worked her way through the snack food she had bought.
For the sheer principal of them using up the hot water and taking up the living space and making noise into the early morning, Cas generally disliked Dean’s dates. But Bela especially had been categorically
Ruby clicked airplane mode on, giving up on the thought exercise. She had no close family she spoke to, her ex-girlfriend was a cheating piece of shit and friends outside of work took effort. She didn’t need to make arrangements for any pets whilst she was away.
With Cas gone from his life, he found himself thinking more and more about the time he and Sam had spent on the outside together. Things had been simple, pure, in a way that nothing had ever really managed to replace. It was kill or be killed, and after a while he’d been sure that Sam was at good at the not being killed as he was.
After they’d both managed to force their way through another glass of whiskey, Crowley reluctantly agreed to leave the house and walk back to his own flat, apparently believing that Dean was doing better. And maybe he was. Dean didn’t know. The alcohol hadn’t made anything better, but it had provided a sort of bubble wrap armour to face the hard facts with.
That had been the deal, right? She was leaving, they’d both been more than a little drunk and he was going to be gone in the morning – a fun mistake that she’d be able to look back on nostalgically once she made it home.
“Uh... No. No. Thank you. I’m just going to -” Cursing herself for being stupid enough to think she’d come up with something passing for a decent plan a minute ago, Ruby started to turn away.
“Oh, that’s not worrying at all,” Sam spoke to the phone.  He thought for a minute before slowly typing
“It’s okay,” the woman tried to wipe some dirt from the back seat of her pants. “You must have been chasing the guy that ran past me?’
Cas nodded. “Oh yes. It just so happened that the village was having a winter festival.  They welcomed me.  I sat in the chapel with them.  The village religious leader was extremely…charismatic.  Then there was a huge feast with music and dancing and lots of, well, this,” Cas sloshed the beverage in his cup for emphasis. “That night the whole village smelled like cloves and berries.  Everything was too loud and too bright.  But, I stayed as long as I could and watched them dance and laugh out in the snow.”
“What the hell are you doing?” Sam called out to Dean.  Dean saw Sam, smiled, and sprinted down the sidewalk.  Sam set off in pursuit, but due to his lead, Dean disappeared around the side of the building.  When Sam attempted the turn, he ran smack into someone and they both fell to the street.
“Sleep well, Sam.  Thank you for the keys.”  Castiel was already talking to Sam’s back as the younger Winchester turned back towards his room by the bunker’s library.  Castiel cast a look towards Dean’s closed door and decided he’d spend the evening cleaning the oven.
“Look, you know I know what you’re doing when you close your computer like that, right?”, Cas asked Dean, one night, from the doorway to Dean’s brick and white tiled bedroom.
In one motion, Dean opened the door a small bit and shoved Cas inside.  He immediately followed and shut the door behind him.  Cas found himself in a cramped room that was just big enough for an over-large bed, a night stand, a tv, and a very unhygienic looking vinyl lounge chair.
“Yeah.  No pressure, whatever you’re cool with.  You can join in or watch, or uhh, maybe take the lead?”
“He wasn’t much into celebration,” Sam explained, taking a large bite of turkey. “Holidays, birthdays, graduations, smiling, being human.
“Ahh,” Sam nodded his explicit understanding, falling into the chair across the table from Castiel.  “Did something happen?”
At this point, Dean’s breathing also changed so Melanie lifted her back to Dean for more access.  He folded himself completely around her, leaving the angel, Castiel, to fully support the weight of all three of them. Dean thrusted and stalled several times against the woman before he let out a powerful moan and shuddered.  Then he was still.  Dean lay breathing against the woman with his eyes pinched closed for a few minutes before withdrawing from her and falling backwards onto the mattress.  Melanie released Castiel and rocked back on her knees where she and Dean shared a satisfied laugh of nervous energy. Watching that shared motion and reaction genuinely delighted Cas.
As if reading his mind, Melanie began to rock herself against his palm, bringing Dean along with her.  Dean sighed deeply at the renewed movement.  In a sudden loss of inhibition, Cas lined his middle fighter against Dean and used the naturally wet latex to guide his finger up and inside Melanie.  Inside he felt the warmth and the smoothness while Dean thrusted and Melanie rocked.
“You and Melanie?  Upstairs….together?” Cas was having some trouble with his words and shoved his hands into his pockets, bringing his coat closer to his body.
Sam raised his hand to interrupt and remind Dean that he can, in fact, smite demons with his mind and shit, but Dean wouldn’t let him get a word out.  “You and I have been victims of Cas and his kin for over 10 years now.  Now there’s Jack.  I am sick of it, Sammy.  Losing mom again, man, that was it.  I’m done.”
Castiel was just confused.  He raised his hands in surrender and slowly backed out of the doorway.  “Good night, Dean.”
“Is this what Christmas was like for you two growing up?” Jack asked innocently, uncertainly spearing an asparagus sprout with his fork.
“And why is that, huh, Sam?  Think about it.  We had Bobby, until Cas released the Leviathans from Purgatory.  Jo got ripped apart by hellhounds and Ellen blew herself up because-”
“That…would be nice. I – “ Cas was interrupted by being suddenly, but gently pushed against the wall.  The first thing his mind processed was the cold tile against the back of his head, but then he became aware of the warmth from Dean’s lips pressing against his own. They were surprisingly soft and tasted of spice and berries.  Cas saw that Dean’s eyes were closed tightly and there was a blush on his cheeks.  He was beautiful. Cas sank into the kiss and consciously tried push radiantly happy feelings into Dean.
.  Sam sighed, knowing that the tension between Dean and Cas was exactly why Dean was in this mood.  Then Sam remembered the folded paper in his back pocket.
“How about it?” Melanie, asked.  She pulled Cas’s hand down her middle, pressing his fingers into the wetness just below her pubic bone.  Cupped as his hand was, Castiel would have been able to easily slide his fingers inside the woman, had she been unoccupied, but he felt compelled to hold his hand there, accidentally grazing the thin latex covering Dean.  Dean stiffened at the contact, but didn’t pull away or say anything.
Dean shivered and took a sip of his drink.  He wasn’t able to sit down comfortably for weeks afterwards.  Dean’s reminiscence paused as he noticed the drink in his mouth.  It was a berry wine, but thicker and tasted like cloves, ginger, and a few other things Dean couldn’t identify.  It tasted…old.  Certainly not something that would be popular today, but it was very good.
Cas just settled his eyes on the slow traffic at the intersections designated by Dean and Sam when Dean popped his head back through the now half closed hotel door.  His eyes were wide and his face flushed.  “Uh, everything ok in here?  Computer working ok?”
Dean pulled the Impala into a cracked, uneven roadside motel parking lot about twenty minutes later and Sam sprang from the door, bag in hand, before the car was even fully stopped.  The sound of a domestic argument ringing from one of the hotel rooms was like an angelic choir to Sam’s ears, relative to yet another playthrough of Swan Song.  Sam spotted the hotel’s requisite shitty coke machine and made a sprint for it.  He didn’t normally like soda, but drinking one...or two would give Dean enough time to turn the car off and find them a room.
Dean pulled a small handgun from his bag that rested on one of the small bed’s garish purple bed covers.  He turned his head around the room, searching.
Before Cas found the stairs, he heard a slow, quiet “Hey Cas” from the shadow surrounding the right side of the building.
The three other men laughed and it was Cas’s turn to blush.  “Seriously though.  You could sit anywhere and when someone spoke the whole place just sang.”
It was Sam who got to his feet first.  “I’m so, so sorry”, he held a hand out to the unfortunate person on their ass in front of him.  A very soft hand accepted his and it was attached to a very beautiful woman in a very smart suit.  She had bright red hair and large brown eyes.
“She is interested in, well, we are interested in, mmmm.” Dean sighed.  “Would you like to join us upstairs?
Dean laughed and he repeated, a little too loudly, “Yes.  I’m inviting you to participate in sexual intercourse with me and Melanie, right upstairs, right now.  That is exactly what I am asking.”
Soon enough each man had a plate and found their typical spots at the small, four-person kitchen table that sat against a tiled wall.
“No, Dean, it’s not good.  You’re not good.  You and Cas aren’t good -” Sam watched as his brother dipped his head and grimaced - “When you guys aren’t good, I’m not good.  No one is good here, Dean.”  Sam was surprised by his own level of annoyance.  That felt good.
Melanie eagerly rose to her knees and Cas obediently took a spot in the dingy vinyl chair.  Cas felt over-warm, but he didn’t take his eyes off of Melanie as he shrugged out of his long coat.  She smiled at Dean like he was a god.  Without needing a word of encouragement, Melanie dipped her head and took Dean into her mouth.  Slowly she began to rock her body back and forth, bringing Dean closer to her.  Cas noted with fascination the smile at the edges of Melanie’s lips as her rocking had to go further and further back as Dean grew in her mouth.  Dean relaxed his hands onto Melanie’s shoulders and began to match her movements with his hips.
Sam waited for a few minutes for a reply, but when none came he began to worry that he’d overplayed his hand with the “brothers” thing.  His thoughts were interrupted by Dean fumbling with the bathroom door.  As Dean cartoonishly flopped onto his bed, Sam said a silent prayer of thanks that Dean remembered his underwear.
“You don’t eat dandelions, Sammy, you murder them with a lawnmower,” Dean chided Sam with a smile before snatching a dandelion to munch and instantly regretting it.
“I regret a great many things about my time in your life.  I don’t regret saving your life nor do I regret telling you how I feel.  I’m sorry that, in doing so, I hurt you...again.” Cas’s features dropped.
“Show off,” Dean muttered with a smile, placing his turkey on a long counter surface and began slicing, thick jagged chunks off of the bird.  Jack joined him at the counter with a red colored, wreath shaped Jell-O concoction with fruit floating improbably in the center.
Sam once again assumed his mask of irritatingly unwavering calm.  “Some ‘arrangements’ are...unspoken, but understood by both parties.”
Castiel looked deeply into Melanie’s eyes and noticed small, glowing flakes of glitter in her eye make up.  It did very little to hide the growing blush of her skin.  He stroked her cheek, touching a bit of smeared lipstick near her mouth.  As he did so, it was like a bucket of ice water suddenly washed over him, snapping him out of a stupor.  On the list of infinite “Thou Shalt Nots” Angels have to follow, laying with humans and any risk at all of the creation of a Nephalim was pretty much the cardinal Shalt Not.  Castiel knew he was already an abomination because of his lust and past mistakes, but this one was the rule he could not risk.
Dean raised an eyebrow at Cas and made a point of scanning him up and down.  “He might have even more stamina than I do.”
“Hey, Cas?”, Sam asked and knocked briskly on the Angel’s bedroom door.  He waited a second and turned the knob.  It was never locked and the door sprang right open.  Castiel’s room looked as unlived in as usual.  The twin bed was immaculately made, mostly because it was never slept in.  If Castiel kept many personal belongings, it wasn’t apparent by the bare walls or empty shelving.  The only outward indication that someone had been in the room recently was the lack of dust and a yellow, legal-sized pad of paper on the desk.  Several sheets of paper were pulled off of the pad and lay in an untidy heap beside it - some balled up, some neatly folded.
Winchester waited a time, straining his ears for any sound and trying to feel outwards to that ambiguous point in the ether where he could always find Cas if he wanted to.  Not Cas exactly, but his presence, his being, his constant reassurance that he existed on some plain and that he had not abandoned Dean, no matter how much of an asshole he was.  On his best days, Dean liked to think that he could actually feel a little of what Cas was feeling, even if Cas was feeling angry, or let down again, or confused.  On his worst days, Dean knew that Cas was there, ageless and watching.  Today, there was nothing.  There had been nothing for 360 hours.  There will be nothing tomorrow.  Dean felt profoundly alone after 12 years of being on an emotional tether.
“We angels all have our talents. Anael’s is healing, Zachariah had an affinity for time, mine was always...this,” Cas gestured vaguely around him, “Dreams.”
Castiel smiled slightly and looked past Jack when he spoke.  “There, um, was a village just outside of where Vienna is now.  Barely a village even, a couple of families.  They built this tiny, beautiful chapel and I would go there for services.  I say go there, but,” Castiel gestured to himself, “they couldn’t see me, of course.”
Sam groaned internally, it was going to be one of THOSE conversations.  “The research is uh, going well.  Cas is helping a lot.”
The angel loosened his tie and unbuttoned his collar button as the scene faded out and then faded back in.  The scene was reset.  The darker haired man was laying on his back on the bed.  The woman settled slowly, very slowly, onto him.  She gripped the man’s shoulders and raised her back to the sandy haired man standing at the bed’s edge.  The lighter haired man took a deep breath and slowly pushed himself into the woman’s body as well.  A quick shot showed the woman being held open by two larger than normal cocks stacked inside of her that were coordinating and picking up speed.  The woman began to make noises of distress that concerned the Angel.  She fell flat against the bottom man and gripped the sheets to either side of her.  She winced, gasped, and threw her head back.  One long sob forcefully wracked her body.
Nine.  That was how many times Dean replayed the same tired Zeppelin album on his worn out cassette in his crappy, archaic tape deck.  Nine.  Sam did attempt to drown out the grating, static filled cacophony with his own music, but Dean glared at him until he took his airpods out.  Sam slumped against the passenger door and bumped his head against the glass.  This was meant to be a thirteen hour road trip and Sam used up both of his rest stop requests three hours in.  His phone was about to die and he hadn’t had time to pack the right charger for his laptop or tablet.
Sam pursed his lips in a way that characteristically meant he was choosing his words carefully.  “How do you mean?”
“Hello, Dean.”  Castiel thought he could hear Dean smile over the phone.  “I, uh, got your message and watched the video.”
“You know man, I think it’s a good thing you’re already here.”  Without moving his hands, Dean leaned in and pressed his lips against Castiel’s. Dean felt Cas’s cold tears drip against his face, but Dean didn’t release Cas until some of Dean’s warmth was left in his lips.
Dean stopped in front of room 222 and looked back at Cas. Cas felt Dean’s eyes on his face, studying his features and Cas felt his face begin to burn.  Dean held the look, longer, searching, absorbing.  He finally focused on Cas’s mouth and then, with a lick of his own lips, raised a fist to knock on the door.  “It’s us.”  Dean received no answer, which appeared to be the correct answer.
The two ordered from the extremely unhealthy menu and, once having taken possession of their greasy bags from the friendly looking cashier,  took a booth near the back of the dining room.  Dean dove into his dripping fries, without a word, and Sam sighed - his big brother was especially broody today and Sam knew he’d hit a very raw nerve.
Cas nodded, Dean had a few regular dalliances at this bar.  The building had a giant cowboy hat on the roof. “Don’t worry about it.  I do want to talk to you - about that video, but in person.” Cas suddenly felt a knot in his throat at the thought of discussing free internet porn videos with Dean.  “Is that ok?  When are you home?”
Dean Winchester’s porn collection was legendary, in every sense of the word.  It was rumored to be a vast, comprehensive, well-organized vault of carnal sin that has attracted many voyeurs over the years such as, frequently, Sam, Charlie, Kevin, Bobby that one time, and even God.  Castiel suspected that the elder brother Winchester even considered it a point of pride.  It was only a legend as far as Castiel was concerned though because whenever Castiel was in proximity of Dean adding to, arranging, or showing off his collection, the laptop was snapped shut and the angel was warned, with a hiss, “You didn’t see anything!”.
The younger Winchester started his standard news trawler, plugged in his AirPods and flicked to Netflix, reminding himself that he is not responsible for fixing whatever Dean and / or Cas have broken.  Sam fell asleep right before the intro for Always Sunny started.
Castiel’s eyes widened, embarrassed he hadn’t noticed Melanie right away because Melanie was not being shy about her presence in the room. Melanie was unable to be shy about her presence in the room.  The woman would normally have had very pleasant features, coiled dark curly hair and dark brown eyes, but at the moment her features were fixed into a very distressed, pleading look.  Melanie lay naked, on her back, in the center of the bed.  She held her hands awkwardly against her thighs which, themselves, were splayed very far apart.  Melanie wiggled her hips, intentionally showing Dean and Cas, a pink, noisy toy that was both inserted into her and curved to press against the front of her body.
“Remember that time Bobby took us to an ice rink for Christmas day?”, Dean asked his brother and gratefully held out a metal cup to receive Castiel’s beverage as the angel circled the table, pouring into every man’s cup.
Cas caught some movement over Melanie’s shoulder and saw that Dean was sitting stiffly on the edge of the bed, but had taken himself in hand. He was stroking himself rhythmically in time with Melanie’s head.  This made Cas even more flushed - when had it become okay to watch Dean do that?  When had any of this become okay?  Castiel felt his entire body tense up, starting from his erection.
Sam pulled his eyes towards the cash register, seeing his brother making a joke to the woman behind the counter.  She covered her mouth shyly as she laughed.  Sam knew where this was heading.  Castiel suddenly seemed much more sagacious than Sam had ever given him credit for.  Sam decided to head back to the hotel on his own.
“My life is nothing but regrets, man.  Tell me this isn’t permanent.  Tell me this isn’t it between us.  There’s got to be a way.”
Dean felt what was left of the wind knock out of him.  He swirled around one more time to see the Angel, his Angel, standing near him.  Cas’s shoulders were slumped and his hands were buried in his coat pocket.  He wasn’t smiling and looked very tired.  Dean suddenly didn’t need to breathe.  “Cas?”
“You are fun.” Melanie smiled up at Cas, dispelling his embarrassment.  “You choose your friends well,” she called over her shoulder to Dean.
Castiel shook his head. “I’m sorry Dean.  Sometimes.  If you’re asleep and I’m aware, sometimes I might be able to reach out.”
“Oh, I remember Sammy.  I spent the first couple of years trying to keep both of us from getting smited for some damn reason or another.  He was the holy douchebag, judging us, spying on us, and ruining everything he touched.”  Dean shook his head and began to walk again.  “He’s still ruining everything he touches.  He hasn’t learned anything.”
When Dean pulled away, it was with a laugh and a swear.  “Damn.  I’m sorry.  You said that would be nice and I thought ‘I know what would be nice’ and I just…”
The brothers Winchester walked in slow silence towards the budget fast food place for a long time.  Out of the corner of his eye, Sam saw Dean look at him, but when he looked up, Dean would look away.
Chapter two went a bit longer than I expected.  I decided adding third chapter was better than cramming it all together.
Dean felt Cas stiffen beside him.  “My garrison was stationed on Earth since practically the beginning.  We were told to watch and never interfere unless…well, you know some of that.” Dean reassuringly leaned into Cas while taking another bite.
“No.  I’m dreaming.  Sometimes, I have moments of...terrifying lucidity though, I think it was an extra ‘screw you’ from the Being that lives here.  Imagine being just aware enough that you know you’re in your worst nightmare and knowing that no matter what you do or how much you beg, you know exactly what you’re falling back into.
"That ain’t how I remember it.”  Dean lifted his hand and began counting on digits. “Rufus. Kevin. Charlie.  All dead because Cas couldn’t do the right thing or he let himself be manipulated or was just plain evil.  He even kills his own best friends.  Balthazar?  Samandriel?  He’s broken you more than once.”
At his desk, Dean quickly shrugged into an old red checkered flannel and, in the same motion, shoved the closed laptop further away from the angel at the door.
The woman’s expression changed to one of absolute ecstasy and a peace Castiel had never witnessed any human achieve.  It became obvious she had not been in distress, but experiencing a genuine sort of transcendent event.  Cas set the video back and watched that moment again - the arch, the gasp, the sob, and the smile.  He watched that moment multiple times, focusing on a different feature each time, her eyelids, her hair, her trembling lips, and the smiles of the attractive men inside of her.
The third time Castiel found Dean’s porn was definitely on purpose.  Sam was working a solo case a few states away while Dean and Castiel were both working locally, but also independently.  The two almost never saw each other and took to leaving each other post-it-notes in passing.
“Oh! Hey, I forgot my phone charger.  I’ll pick one up while I’m out, but can I borrow your phone ‘til then?”
Jack cocked his head in a gesture he’d almost certainly picked up from his angelic father.  “What did you like about that chapel so much?”
“What?  Fine.  Just let go.”  Dean pulled his arm from Sam’s grip and opened his eyes.  “This had better be fucking important.”
“I let myself love, ok?”, Sam lied aloud to the pages, turning them to unsuccessfully try and decipher some writing along the margins. “You’re welcome by the way.  I’m glad you found me such an educational failure of a human being.”
So it was that the brothers Winchester, one in a pink “kiss the cook” apron, the other with some unidentifiable green vegetable in his hair, an angel, and a Nephilim all skirted around each other in the bunker’s small kitchen, bartering for oven time, hoarding serving utensils, and making ‘just one more substitution’ to established recipes.
Thinking Cas might have left him a note, Sam glanced towards the door again before picking up the mess of pages.  The pages were full of Castiel’s unique handwriting.  At first glance, Sam saw a lot of words or entire lines scratched out, arrows to different words, and even some writing across the sides and margins of the pages.  Unable to stop himself now, Sam began to scan some of the words.  There were a lot of sentences that began with “I” and Sam and Dean’s names featured quite a bit.  It looked like maybe a letter or a diary.
“Betty,” Sam emphasized the woman’s name, “Can pick me out of a line up as easily as she can pick you.  If I run around town flashing a fake badge and trying to get evidence, she could find out and then we’d both be screwed.  We don’t know this is our kinda thing, it doesn’t have to be.  Like you said, it could be some awful coincidence.”
“Wait.” Dean ordered Melanie in no rush, turning his body towards the bed.  His back now to Castiel, Dean shrugged out of his shirt, tossing it aside, and slid out of his jeans, taking his underwear with them.  Castiel’s eyes danced along the rippled lines of Dean’s shoulders and down his back.  Dean’s back was scarred and, at this point, Castiel knew how Dean had gotten most of them.  As his eyes continued down, Castiel felt almost guilty gawking at his friend this way and very guilty about wanting to put his hands on Dean’s hips so that he could draw the hunter close and he could begin to trace the muscular lines down Dean’s legs.
Sam fished in his coat pocket for Dean’s phone and entered his number.  The phone recognized the number as it was labeled under 'Sammy' and the phone dialed.  There were two rings before the call picked up.
This time it was Castiel who couldn’t entirely stifle a laugh at Dean’s sudden, obvious embarrassment and loss of words.  Melanie shot him a warning glance that he took very seriously and wiped the smile from his face.
“I’m glad.”  Dean nodded at his boots.  Dean waited until he was sure his friend wasn’t going to say anything else. “Since you liked it, I was hoping, er, I thought maybe you’d like,” Dean broke into an awkward laugh, “It’s like I’m a teenager or somethin’.  Here’s the deal.  My friend Melanie, you remember her?”  Cas shook his head, but Dean continued as if Cas had nodded.  “Yeah, Melanie is upstairs.  Now, she and I have been, uh, special friends for a long time.  I told her all about you.”
Dean reached a hand out to Jack while simultaneously wrapping his other arm around his angel.  “Hang on Jack, we’re on our way.”  He then whispered conspiratorially to Cas, “We’re ruining Christmas for the kid.”
“Don’t listen to her,” Dean was clearly joking and spoke to the writhing woman, “she can go for hours like that.”  That elicited a frustrated groan from the woman.
“Sure.”  Castiel’s voice was gravelly and grating in his own ears.  He cleared his throat, pulled his coat closed, and took his designated seat on the couch while Dean brought up the movie on his laptop.
Cas’s eyes blurred with tears and he smiled weakly.  He chewed, his lower lip, trying to formulate words.  Dean ran his thumb against Cas’s bottom lip, rubbing away Cas’s chewing.  It was soft, but cold like the rest of this place.
“Hello?” Castiel called out to anyone who might be in the bunker out of habit.  Hearing no reply, he carried his large canvas bag of supplies into the library.  He saw Dean’s closed laptop resting on the library table with a post-it-note on top that he couldn’t quite read from where he was standing.  With a smile, Castiel effortlessly eased his overstuffed bag to the floor and ran his hands over his coat sleeve, wiping away an intrusive splotch of blood before retrieving the note.
Castiel opted to walk the short distance to the hotel and hadn’t noticed how warm he had been until he felt his skin chill against the night air, as if all of his body heat was trying to find a way to escape at once.  “It’s a normal human body response”, he spoke in an attempt to keep himself company, more than anything.  “When humans are angry or upset their bodies have a chain reaction that prepares the body to expend great amounts of energy.”
“You can text him,” Dean motioned with both arms that Sam should leave the room immediately.  Sam realized there was no way he could discretely place the pages on the desk now.  He hoped Cas wouldn’t be too angry with him as he slipped the folded pages into his back pocket.
The angel paused to take a sip of his drink.  “One year, at about this time, I…had an assignment nearby and I was given permission to use a human vessel, which, you know almost never happens.  My, uh, vessel – “Castiel looked at his hands and cringed just a little.  Dean took a breath, ready to change the topic, but Cas took a breath and continued.
It started with Jack asking for a Christmas tree.  It was Sam’s sales pitch that brought about the twinkling lights around the bunker.  Jack and Sam worked on a needlessly complex Christmas train set that had to loop around something, so that’s how the Christmas village was born.  Castiel insisted that every village must have a church, with resident angel, of course.  Soon paper angels and snowflakes hung from many of the ceilings and one angel with shiny black wings topped the tree, not that Dean knew anything about that.  Mary mentioned the strings of popcorn and paper chains that she used growing up and several of those found their way around the bunker’s kitchen.
“I’m more worried that you think there is an age limit to seeking out companionship, Sammy.”  Dean slid out of his wrinkled shirts and the Whisky smell became more intense. “ I need a shower.”
“Heya Cas.  Look man, I’m really sorry about last night.  Hope you’re not too angry or frustrated or somethin’.”
There was a loud thud from the bathroom and Sam was about half off the bed before he heard “DAMMIT!” from behind the walls.  “I’m glad you’re alive!”, Sam called to the wall.  Resettling on the bed and looking back at his phone, Sam saw little dots bouncing on the screen that meant Cas was formulating a reply.
“I thought you had stamina” Melanie was teasing him, but smiled at him genuinely with an ‘its up to you’ shrug.  Castiel hoped it didn’t take as long as it felt it did to get the condom in place.
Melanie shifted her posture and adjusted her warm, firm grip on him.  She looked up at him and Castiel realized she was asking if it was okay if she did to him what she’d just done to Dean.  Castiel couldn’t form words, but nodded as he frantically pulled off his tie with one hand and undid his top button with the other, desperate to find more oxygen in the room.  Melanie dropped her head and, starting from the bottom of his length, slowly dragged her tongue upwards to the very top.
Castiel genuinely didn’t want to make Dean uncomfortable, but he spotted a drop of sweat on Dean’s neck.  It began sliding downward and Cas’s eyes followed it, down the length of Dean’s neck, onto his sternum, and from there down Dean’s toned abdomen until it disappeared behind Melanie.  Dean’s whole body had become flushed and light red by the time Cas raised his eyes again and he was breathing much more audibly.  They caught each other in a look and Dean, swallowed a breath, closed his emerald eyes and tilted his head back, looking not unentirely as if he were in some obscene prayer.
He rushed and wrapped his arms tightly around the Angel, smiling at the air moving in Cas’s lungs and the beat of Cas’s heart that Dean could feel through in his own chest.  Castiel reciprocated the hug and pressed Dean’s head against his shoulder, touching their cheeks together.  Dean didn’t want to let go, but eventually Cas did, so Dean was forced to take a few steps back and his feet made no noise.
Puzzled, but interested, Cas settled into the large, stiff library chair.  He flipped open the laptop and was pleased to see it was only sleeping instead of turned off.  As the note promised, there was a movie file icon named “Cass” in the center of the desktop.  Castiel perched his head on his chin and played the video.
Cas narrowed his eyes and Sam threw up his hands in the universal sign of surrender.  “Just an expression, Cas.”
Sam sat back on his bed and read from the webpage.  “Local police are seeking assistance after a woman was brutally attacked last night.  The woman, age 30, was brought to the hospital in serious condition after the woman’s sister found her, on the floor of their shared 5th street apartment early this morning.  Per the complaint, the woman states she was attacked by a man she invited over last night.  The woman states the date ended amicably and she watched the suspect leave her building and start walking westward. However, a short time later, the man reappeared at her door, demanding to be let in.  When she refused, the suspect broke in her door and proceeded to physically assault her.”
The Angel nodded.  “As you can imagine, time is different here.  It’s been a great deal longer.  I heard your prayer Dean.  I’ve heard them all.”
“Knowing us? Our luck?  Are you willing to leave town without being sure?”, Dean was looking for reassurance.
Sam’s eyes caught Dean’s and he pleadingly pointed his head towards the library.  Dean smiled and nodded.
That thought appeared to end abruptly.  “Tell me you’re sorry about what, Cas?”, Sam flipped to the next page, which seemed to be completely unrelated and also very disorganized.  He flipped back to the page he’d been reading, but started from the top of the page.
The room was silent except for Melanie’s toy, her rocking, and the working of her mouth, which Cas was watching intently.  Melanie was very beautiful, he decided, particularly the shape of her lips and the brightness in her eyes. Castiel was almost startled when Dean first let out a soft sigh and then a second, sharper one.  Dean tapped Melanie on the shoulders and she wordlessly released him and scooted back on the bed.
Dean blinked his eyes, staring at his clock face.  He felt like he’d slept a week, but his clock hadn’t ticked a minute forward.  It was real.  He knew it had been, just like he finally knew what Cas’s lips felt like against his own.  His pillow felt damp and he rubbed his nose with the back of his hand.  Finally the clock ticked over and he smiled.  Dean’s head was noisy, filled with plans of everything he wanted to be able to tell Castiel the next time they spoke.
Dean nodded again.  “Yeah, why not?  A night at a shitty motel with shitty cable tv doesn’t sound like the worst thing in the world right now.  Unless you want to keep goin’?”
“You’ll figure it out.  Melanie’s, uh, she’s kinda urgently waiting upstairs, so I’m headed up.  Are you comin’?”  Baby creaked and bounced as Dean stood up.
Castiel wasn’t completely sure what Sam meant nor was he completely sure that Sam was completely sure about what Sam meant.  “Right.  Uh, okay.  Correct him.”
Wordlessly, Dean began a steady pace with his hips which Melanie followed with her body as she steadied her posture by holding on to Castiel.  He took the liberty of steadying his arms on her shoulders.  Melanie smiled at him mischievously before settling both hands on his chest, on over each nipple, then, with each upward motion, she made purposeful upward flicks on his nipples.  This shot two parallel paths of lightning down Castiel’s body straight to his swollen middle, connecting himself in a way he didn’t know was possible.  Each upward movement intensified this sensation.
This caused conflicting sensations in the pit of Castiel’s stomach and a warmth spread from the base of his spine upwards and back down, causing him to shudder and gasp.  His muscles contracted like before, but this time Dean didn’t interrupt.  Everything felt tight all at once and Cas’s senses blurred, he felt as though he was falling off of a steep cliff and at the moment he was about to hit the ground, his wings spread and he soared.  Then it was over. He opened his eyes and tried to breath.  Melanie was smiling up at him and Dean was sitting up, rubbing both green eyes tiredly with his palms. “Umm..I, uh…’
Castiel was fairly certain that the first time Dean left his recreational material open for Cas to see was accidental.  Dean asked Cas to monitor traffic patterns in the area while he and Sam went out to the crime scene.
“Not your papers, not your business,” Sam spoke to himself, gripping the steering wheel and focusing on the door to the apartment building.  He stared at the big nothing that was happening in front of him for about five seconds before giving up and retrieving the paper.  “You’re a trash human being, Sam Winchester,” the man told himself as he unfolded the packet, searching for the part with his name all over it.  It appeared to be in a really rough patch of text with lots of words scratched out, underlined, and arrows indicating lines to other thoughts.
“Go say hello,” Dean encouraged, sweeping his arm back in Cas’s direction. Cas felt petrified as everyone’s attention was suddenly on him.
“Sure.” Sam regarded his brother cautiously.  From the tips of his unbrushed hair to the toes of his steel toed work boots, Dean radiated sadness and discomfort.  Sam folded up Cas’s...diary, autobiography, whatever, into his back pocket and joined his brother.
“I love you, Cas.  At first I thought it was a side effect of this “thing” that connects us.  I thought it was, like, misplaced intimacy.  I told myself for over a decade that Angels couldn’t feel the same things.  I had a crush on your big blue eyes, and messy hair,” Dean reached up to tussle Cas’s hair, making it stand up.  “You were lightning and thunder.  The things I saw you do were terrifying...Powerful and, and I think we all fell in love with you a little bit.  I thought I was in love with someone who was so far above me, I was lucky you even noticed me.  If I had known, if I had the balls to ask, I would have shared my life with you.  You get my meaning?”
The quiet was too loud and too painful.  Dean sat up, reached into his bedside drawer, and rummaged for the largest of the pill bottles.  He unceremoniously popped the lid and shook a few into his palm.
Cas tilted his head to catch Dean’s eyes and found that Dean was not only serious, but interested in his stories and who he was before he met the Winchesters.
Sam narrowed his eyes and then a look of controlled calm settled on his still boyish features.  “Those things aren’t really about you, Cas.  You’re an angel, maybe Dean feels like, I dunno, like maybe you can see into his soul or something.  He’s vulnerable.”
“You can wait a little longer,” Dean assured her and, in response, Melanie dramatically whimpered and raised her knees so that her back was planted flatly against the mattress.  Castiel assumed this was to reposition the angle of the toy inside of her.
Cas didn’t answer, but with a now-rare sweep of his hand, Dean felt himself gently pushed three feet towards the kitchen’s exit and Cas crossed to where Dean had been standing and rifled through a cabinet drawer.
Dean rolled his eyes.  “C’mon, we’ve got to get on the road if we want to make it out of state by night fall.
Castiel flapped the pockets of his oversized coat helplessly. “I do here.  All the time.  How long has it been?”
Cas could hear his heart beating in his ears.  His hands were too warm inside his pockets, so he took them out, but then they were too cold.  Cas remembered watching the video that Dean sent and his body’s reaction to it.  He also considered that this was
The angel blinked and ruffled his hair to clear his head after that video.  Sex was a natural human process that he chose to abstain from, but his vessel was still totally, annoyingly, human with all the human reactions that entails.  He stared at his flushed hands until the color returned to normal and then he remembered the rest of the post-it-note.  He fished his phone out of his coat pocket and pressed his first speed dial key.
Sam smiled at Cas fondly.  “I’m sorry about him.  I’m sorry that he’s obviously hurt your feelings tonight.  Please don’t give up on him or whatever he’s scheming just yet.  Good night, Cas.”
Cas nodded solemnly.  “The place where Angels and Demons go when we’re killed so that we sleep forever, always dreaming of our greatest failures.  You can imagine that I have a few,” Cas smiled wryly.  “Here, we can never hurt anyone else, ever again.”
A company logo displayed briefly before the black and white image of a woman’s hand materialized on the screen.  It was balled into a tight fist.  The shot widened to show a nude woman kneeling on all fours on a bed of voluminous, shiny sheets.  Her long black hair had obviously been tussled.  She slid to her stomach, hugging a pillow underneath her.  The shot widened yet again to show an athletically built man with unruly dark hair slowly thrusting into her.  The woman also appeared to be using an anal plug or some related sort of aide.  If Castiel had to describe her expression, it would be blissful.
“The good ones do,” Dean answered, returning to the room with Sam’s laptop for the impromptu movie night.  Sam followed closely with a what was probably Castiel’s uneaten plate and cleared the library table of shredded wrapping paper with a sweep of his long arm.
“How do you want me?’, Dean offered, settling his palms flat, holding himself up on bed as he seemed to unconsciously follow her body towards the headboard.
It took Sam a few seconds to process the change in conversation.  “Uh, yeah, the case.   I guess it depends if you mean Chaucer Wight or Tolkien Wight.  The lore isn’t really clear on how or if they’re different from Revenants.”
The faded, but still carbonated off brand soda hissed appropriately as Sam popped it open and he glared at the pages, wondering if it wouldn’t just be easier to throw them away.  “They’re probably not private or important,” Sam chided himself.  “Since when does Cas even have private, important papers?”  There’s only one way to find out.  He took a breath, unfolded the pages with one hand and read from the very top of the first page.
Both Winchester men received a mug that read “My Guardian Angel is a BADASS” which they happily filled with more spiced berry wine.  Sam had a thick book of lore written in Enochian to delve into and Jack had many “necessary items for a young man” as Dean described them – a wooden handled straight razor, a bottle of pungent smelling aftershave and a crayon illustrated book entitled How to Get a Girlfriend, among them.
“Right.”  Cas nodded his head dutifully, taking a seat at the hotel room’s miniature sized round table, Dean’s laptop in hand.
“Try to keep it to just a few,” Garth had warned, writing the prescription.  “They’re to help you to relax into sleep, not to knock you out.”
“So, Wights?”  Dean licked a glob of ketchup off of the corner of his mouth and looked at Sam expectantly.
“I never knew, Castiel.  You believe me, right?  I never knew that you felt how you felt.  I always thought, you’d say things or do things that made me wonder, if you really knew what you were saying.  If I’d known, I’d have told you, absolutely, that I love you too.”
Sam flipped through a page or two when he heard heavy boots approaching the door.  He’d just been able to fold the paper together in the palm of his hand, hidden behind his back when Dean made it to the doorway.  Dean popped his head in the room and looked around.
“Yes, Cas.  Correct. Him.”  Sam eyed Castiel down for emphasis.  “I’m sure that an Angel of the Lord has ways to make puny, misleading mortals understand the truth of things.”
The Angel walked until he saw the tacky neon-violet cursive text of the hotel sign.  Frustratingly, his heart began to stammer quickly when he was close enough to the hotel to see Dean’s “Baby” parked near that sign.  This was the sort of roadside dive where the two-storied hotel’s rooms open directly onto the street, so Cas wouldn’t have to pass through a lobby or risk any attention to get to the appointed room.  Once in the parking lot, Cas scanned the ancient hotel’s layout for stairs to the second floor.
“Don’t look so upset,” she said as she looked up at his expression, “I thought you wanted me to experience the real Scottish culture.”
“Protective much,” Charlie muttered, but she looked pleased. Dean wondered how often she’d had people to look after her before.
Seated in first class seat moments later, Ruby hovered over the airplane mode button on her phone. She’d called in to work, and she’d got Charlie to handle everything else. But surely there was some other personal call she should be making before running off to
The maps became useless as they passed briefly into Oklahoma and then into northern Texas. The days started getting warmer, but the smog became more oppressive as they left the mountains behind. Some days when Dean came back to find him Cas was completely surprised, being unable to see more than a few metres in front of his face at a time.
When they stopped for coffee and donuts, Cas felt relief that Dean didn’t try to take his phone with him. In fact, he didn’t touch it on the whole drive home, like he was afraid that even touching it would sting him.
The stranger had been amiably nodding along before she mentioned the swapping houses, at which his eyes lit up and seemed to change colour. “Right! I got him into that. Didn’t think he’d ever actually, uh… yeah.” He groaned, apparently understanding something at last. “He left me a voicemail this morning.”
Ruby stared after him, mouth only gaping a little as Charlie shrugged. “Best not to argue, probably. Besides, we were going to need to talk to Cas anyway, remember? About whether he could cut down the main theme for the -”
Sam leaned his chin down on an ink-stained palm. At this rate he’d have a multi-colored face. “The thing you went after today. What’d it turn out to be?”
day at least – that was the sun attacking his face, which was also probably what had woken him up in the first place.
Cas didn’t want to get into the ins-and-outs of why he was or wasn’t comfortable with sex work at this point, not with Dean, not right now. “…You’re a loud kisser.”
For a moment, Dean wondered what he looked like to Cas – what colour his eyes might be, if his fangs were obvious, if his broken nose suited his face, if his stubbly little beard he’d had Benny keep trimmed for him made him look like some dipshit coffee hipster that hadn’t washed in weeks. Because he hadn’t. They hadn’t been near that much clean water in a good while.
His second thought was more of a stampede of panicked thoughts and curses aimed at himself and the world in general. If he went into see Sam he’d probably try and kill him, what did his voice even sound like, what did his dick look like now, would he ever be able to have sex again, would they lock him up in an Area 51 place and do experiments on him, what possible kick was that creep getting out of all this –
“That’s cool. So, she was trying to get away from her ex-girlfriend, I was running from my ex-boyfriend… cute,” Dean said casually, like he wasn’t trying to out himself as quick as he’d ever done just to try and send hopeless ‘interested’ signals over at a guy he still barely knew the name of.
Anna shrugged. “I’ve got no idea – not now. They were still standing when I was last there, but like everything else they were getting… weird.”
The creepy ringmaster in the old top hat was, as Dean had for some reason expected, standing on the step outside of his campervan waiting for him, swinging off the little banister and his face lighting up from the moment he saw Dean walking towards him.
“I’m not sure I’m ready to tell him, it’s just…” Ignoring the harried, almost frightened look that Cas had been wearing on his face since Dean had met him on the park bench, Dean smiled and continued to play with Cas’s hand, limp between his own. “Life’s too short, right? We know that better than anybody. I -” Dean swallowed.
On cue, his daughter puffed out her chest and sat up a little straighter in the wooden kitchen chair which still comically dwarfed her. “Uncle Dean is going to teach me chilli next. Then I can teach you if you like,” she added graciously.
Because they were finding monsters. Mutated people, mostly unable or unwilling to talk, sometimes hunting alone, sometimes as a pack. Some looking like pretty traditional werewolves or known cryptids, but mostly they looked human. Apart from eyes, or teeth, or sometimes an extra limb. It varied constantly.
– that Cas had ever met. And now Cas was just one more in the long line of people that Dean had managed to drive crazy.
Dean shrugged, bobbing his head along to the music, and suddenly vaguely self-conscious about his radio station choice. He was in a car with one of his musical heroes and the radio station was playing Air Supply.
Blinking, Dean shook his head. Forgetting had been easier. Keeping both versions of himself in his head like this was going to drive him mad.
By the time Sam had re-opened the door she had managed to half re-do her make-up and spritz perfume all over herself, and had gotten midway through an internalised speech reminding herself that the guy was drunk, and would probably barely know or care what she looked like.
Dean stopped moving about ten paces away from the front door, which had a small bridge of uneven cement blocks above the strange skinny moat. In the movie, Dean was pretty sure that this had caved in on the first girl who’d tried to escape and crushed her one of her legs grotesquely – which wasn’t even the way she’d died.
It wasn’t that Cas disliked his roommate. When Anna had introduced him back in college to her famous ex-hook-up who was looking for someone to take on the room about to become vacant in his apartment, Cas had found him charming, funny, and almost disgustingly attractive in the dim lights they’d met each other under. It hadn’t seemed a difficult decision.
“It’s not that bad!” Cas insisted, to the sad, in Anna’s case, and amused, in Ruby’s, shaking of heads from the screen.
“But you would say that, wouldn’t you? If you were a fake Heaven Cas, you’d say whatever it was I wanted to hear.”
“I’ve probably been half in love with you since Anna introduced us. I just got used to knowing that it wasn’t ever going to be
He’d attempted to broach the topic with Cas, a few times. Bar Anna, he didn’t have any confidence that any of the rest of his people would be interested in revealing themselves to defend him. And though the team were being polite enough about it for now, it was almost as difficult to imagine Cas returning to the compound to live as normal as it was for Dean.
difficult to concentrate. It wasn’t even like this was his idea of spending a night in a room alone with the guy… It wasn’t even like the dude would end up anything other than straight…
Dean looked up. The easy thing with the two of them was that every time he’d worried about how something he’d say was going to be received, every time he was scared of fucking up, Cas was right there being nervous with him, delighted to find Dean on the same page. Dean looked up, not needing to hear his words echoed back at him, but expecting to see at least the sentiment reflected in Cas’s eyes.
“Anna is my little sister, Dean. She’s spent her whole life trying to outmanoeuvre me. She’s never succeeded. And the others are frightened. They won’t welcome a change in their lives.”
Cas smiled, broadly this time, and closed the distance between them to splay his fingers wide over Dean’s face. There was this… warmth, and then Dean knew that he was safe, that he was all in one piece.
“You wanted to stop with the resurrection routine? Great, let’s stop with all the self-destructive coping mechanisms first.”
“Now that’s a king of beds,” Dean said approving, and rushed forward to greet it with his entire body.
“I’m good at it.” Dean tried for a slow smile. For a moment, he wondered if Cas, who didn’t love him, would care if he seduced his older brother. Would that get a reaction? “And someone’s gotta. The world’s not fixed and those walls aren’t as strong as everybody sitting safe inside likes to think.”
With effort, Dean raised an arm for a weak wave. “Hey.” Then he grunted, remembering himself. “My team -”
Of course, Sam allowed as he marched down the bunker steps, he had left him alone with the other big guess.
Cas ordered himself as he watched his roommate’s face light up like a firework. “Well, exactly – I know you’ve got the whole perfectionist work ethic going on, and it seems like we’re not gonna hit that the first time. We wanna get all the messy and awkward out of the way first.”
Dean remained silent and continued to stare. He still didn’t seem particularly interested but he was definitely paying attention.
“Yup.” She grinned. “’Sides. Can’t remember anyone making me breakfast ever, so the thought still counts for a load.”
“Having second thoughts?” Dean asked, eyebrows raised as he watch Cas attempt to position himself over him.
he pushed them back up his nose his forehead went all scrunched with concentration. And then sometimes after he’d done that he’d look confused and glance around, bashful like he hoped no one had seen him do that. And then he’d meet Dean’s eyes.
This was now about seventy-five percent of their conversations were short, clipped, with Castiel taking the last word. But sometimes the so-called angel was chatty, and seemed to find Dean fascinating, which would be its own kind of flattering if it wasn’t for the guy’s incessant need for closeness, for touch. He seemed to have no concept of personal space, which was a precious commodity in a cage only just large enough to fit the two of them.
Dean grinned. “That sounds like the best idea I’ve heard so far about what to do with this weird day…”
“Hey Cas – you still going to show up to heal me now I get my health insurance covered?” Laughing to himself, Dean struggled for his key to the bunker. “Would you show up if I broke something or do I actually have to die to get your attention?”
But Cas was still absolutely worrying about the sex. Almost as much as he was looking forward to it and
Feeling something like rage broiling up, Sam got back on his feet and was about to start walking away when he decided to hold his ground instead.
His face told her so much that he probably didn’t want it to. “I’m sorry – I, I shouldn’t have come. I guess I’ll just -”
.” Dean shook his head, choosing to ignore Cas’s fond smirk that was warming him so well. “What kind of guy- firstly, actually constructs a house like this, and then secondly
An hour into the first flight and Ruby had given up on all good intentions and started getting into the in-flight movie. It was one of
Licking over his lips, Dean looked down again, heart racing but somehow keeping the pace of his feet steady. “Ok for – for how long then?”
It was the strangest time. On the one hand, Dean had probably never been so happy. But on the other hand, trauma was a bitch, and tended to hit hardest when you finally gave yourself the space and time to process it. It turned out that Dean had done and seen a fucktonne of things over the last few years which was enough to give anyone trauma, so he tried his best not to leave himself any time.
Sam flinched, making Dean feel like a piece of shit. But God, Dean wanted to be angry about something. If this money thing didn’t work, he’d been played like an idiot. If it did, then his brother was going to leave him and their Dad to their ‘wasted life’ and Dean was going to have stopped his family tearing itself apart by breaking it up himself.
Dean had been right before. There just wasn’t any hiding from Cas, not in this, so when he felt the moan escaping him he didn’t bother stopping it.
Feeling giddy now, Dean dropped his bag and slid a loving hand over that bannister, which presumably led upstairs to another fucking giant floor, and let his eyes skirt around him. The faux marble flooring which led next door to… Dean let his jaw drop and raised a finger, like he was considering rebuking the room for existing. It was a room with a TV as long as the wall. And all along the other walls… Movies. Stacks upon stacks of blu-rays and DVDs. There were probably as many movies in this room as Dean had ever seen in his life.
“Dammit, Cas,” Dean didn’t really notice himself move, or how his hands guided Cas’s chin towards him like that was the most natural thing in the world. It was something he’d quietly obsessed over for years and now he was all he could think was that with most people you kissed there was always some impression of whatever they’d been eating or drinking left behind. Not with Cas.
“‘This can only end in tears, Lilith is a psychopath.’” Charlie shrugged and looked up at Ruby with only a little apology on her face. “He told me to set it as a note on my phone. Said something about ‘needing receipts’ I think.”
He cleared his throat, leaning back on the cupboard behind him. For a moment he looked almost as short as she was. “Jack was a year old. He’s three now, so yeah, it’s been a while now. Car crash.” He lifted his head again. “And I bet this is just what you were looking for on your holiday.”
He knew the code to get through the front gate. He’d just hadn’t realised what a ginormous fuck off beware of the dog gate it happened to be.
He had been back to America only once since they’d left when he’d been fifteen, and that had been a stag weekend to Vegas. It was weird, he’d always meant to go back. For ages he hadn’t because of the expense, and maybe because… well he’d always assumed Sam would want to go back with him. But Sam had his own stuff going on to tie him here.
He didn’t really need to start work on the new movie until at least after Christmas, he knew that. He could get out, do something for fun, see people… And just as he’d started to stare out the window towards the glare of the sunshine, Dean called him.
“Yeah? So? Still sober enough to kiss my dumb boyfriend.” And for a few sweet moments, Dean was kissing him, and Cas finally had the initiative to start reciprocating when Dean pulled away from him again. “Wait, can I call you that?”
Dean said nothing but continued to stare at the fields, which didn’t just seem cutesy rural empty, they looked wrong somehow, as though nothing he was looking at was real.
“But you just wanted to go to college though, right?” Dean shifted on the couch so that one of his cold feet were touching on Cas’s leg.
“Hardly. We’re the warriors of the Almighty, Dean. Angels aren’t easily stopped. Even ones long since fallen from grace.”
“You said that you’ll always love me. How do you know that? You don’t even know if I’m the same person. And believe me, if you were a little more human I’d be wanting to eat the flesh off your bones right now. So why love?”
He blinked, eyes returning to normal, and looked up at Sam. “What will you do?” His voice offered no hope, no judgement, no guidance. That was the strangest thing of all. Cas realised that in all his years of knowing and loving Dean he’d never known him not to take charge – not because he was a natural leader, not exactly, but because if there was ever responsibility to claim he would assume it already belonged to him.
Giddily, he wondered if this would counteract the monster already in him. Maybe he would just become human again.
“Hey,” Dean said, belatedly announcing himself as he started clunking his way down the staircase. “How’ve you been.”
Dean nodded and crouched down next to Cas. “Right, sure. Life’s easier when people can’t expect much out of you. I get it, I’ve been a dog before – sort of.” Dean swallowed. “But you got to step up sometime, everybody does.” Carefully, so carefully, Dean patted at the dog’s head. “And we’ll love you either way.”
Giving one last nod towards Garth and Jo, Dean turned away and started walking in the direction they’d decided was probably south without any further ceremony.
Not sure how to reply to that, Dean licked over his lips, mind racing as he played for time. “It’s just Crowley,” he said eventually. He would have thought of something better to say, something more to say, but then the yellow light from the woods returned and Dean saw a crack in the world.
Cas bent in with his tongue, trailing, it up from Dean’s hole over his balls, stroking his hands reassuringly up and down Dean’s thighs as he did so. He really didn’t usually like the taste of artificial strawberries, but he decided that he could definitely be made to grow used to it.
Cas shot him a look, choosing to continue to ignore the amateur porn currently paused on his laptop. “Dean, I am very accepting but I am not engaging in a Daddy Kink scene with you.”
Dean swallowed, and kept looking at Benny. “You gotta. These are my people, from before. And they don’t give up easy. Take the kids. Don’t let anyone else get hurt.”
Dean sighed dramatically, buying himself a few more moments of time. “It wasn’t anything, Sammy. Just a string of messed-up coincidences.”
They were both quiet for a moment until Sam brought up the courage to speak. “Thought you said we owed it to everyone to move on, keep living.”
She was in the kitchen, but hopes of food didn’t seem to be the only reason for her distraction. Dean had put some kind of soup on the stove – and it had to be Dean, since Eileen didn’t like cooking anything that didn’t involve a microwave – and Miracle was sitting between Dean and Eileen, who was being coaxed into petting her.
He was groggy enough that he could almost let himself believe that this was a reset. That Cas was going to run in – just like he had when they’d first arrived – and stare at Dean like he couldn’t believe his eyes. And this time Dean would do everything right. Cas would know exactly how he felt from the start, Cas would
Or maybe he was pinning all his hopes on being able to “fix” Dean, to make him the human he remembered, the human he’d loved, apparently. But what happened if they made it there and found nothing? Would Cas just take off on his magical hidden wings – wings he was clearly
“See,” Dean said, floppily raising one arm up from the chair, “that’s what I said! Anyway, now Sam’s ran off on another hunt with his not-girlfriend.” He shook his head. “I feel too old for that, now. If you find another hunt within the next twenty-four hours just, just hold it, alright?”
Smiling to himself, Cas briefly laid a hand on Dean’s shoulder, which made him jerk like he’d been electrocuted. “You’re quite the romantic.”
Shoulders creaking with displeasure, Cas sat himself up enough to look over his laptop and meet his roommate’s eyes.
“Liar.” Cas registered the couch creaking under Dean’s weight as he rolled onto it and had to smile. “Tortillas, huh?”
But Dean knew that didn’t cover everything. Arms had been ripped off. People didn’t have that strength. They just didn’t.
“I can probably find it ok,” Ruby said, crossing her arms, deciding she’d already let the rebound run on too long. “But, hey, if you’re out on this side of town again…”
Upset was the mildest thing Dean could call himself right now, but that wasn’t the point. The point was pride, and that –
Cas raised his arms, gesturing to his dirt covered outfit. It was good seeing him actually wearing jeans for once. Dean had helped him pick them out, he remembered. “Actually, I was just hoping to get home and shower.”
“Think so.” Bobby seemed to wrestle with himself before answering again. “Thank you. Just… they keep changing shit around. Makes it hard to remember some days.”
Dean was about to yell out a nice zinger about exactly what he planned on actually doing when he felt his eyes begin to droop as though they were being anchored down. Oh no. No fucking way was he just going to -
Sam had heard some of this story before, but it still felt like an intrusion to be listening to both of them in this moment. He didn’t move.
“I don’t know what he is, but he’s less human than I am. And since he’s not going into what he is, I don’t like the idea of him out there with you.”
Dean didn’t say anything for a long moment, just stared at the almost empty beer bottle in his hand.
was playing on the TV again and these people were meeting each other’s parents, but Cas was definitely not watching that. He was applying for a job that almost definitely wasn’t still hiring. Or he was trying to figure out if he knew how to make tortillas. Or he was emailing a hotel about why they weren’t using their empty rooms to help the thousands without housing in the city.
Cas took a grip of Dean’s tee and clung on tight. “No more checking out early. If you find yourself dying in another scenario a medical professional might have been able to help you with, you call me.”
“Maybe we’ll change things. Maybe we’ll even be able to let monsters in soon. If – if many of them are like Dean are, then maybe we wouldn’t even need the walls if we just learned to - ”
Breathing in slowly, Dean continued to regard the therapist. Cas’s brother – probably. The one Cas had never wanted him to meet. It probably wasn’t healthy, or smart, to see any more of him.
Becoming something like he was nowhad once been Dean’s greatest fear, Sam knew that all too well. When they’d had to put Bobby out of his misery like he was ordering to it hadn’t been because he’d been about to die. Sam never even considered treating his brother the same, but he couldn’t just let him continue on like he was without at least trying to bring him back to himself.
And somehow, they still weren’t closing the space. But they did still have time. All the time even they could ever need. “So whose is this, then?”
Cas got down off the stool to grapple the spoon playfully out of the dog’s mouth, who gave it up trustingly. Yeah. Dean wished he was just playing up how suspicious he found the situation, but the animal did seem a lot more thoughtful than he’d ever expected one to be. It seemed stupid to think that something so mundane as a stray dog could willingly land in their laps. Even if it wasn’t evil, there had to be more to the situation.
Now, Cas knew Dean to be arrogant, loud, and by turns the exact brand of both neat freak and slob that was impossible to live with.
And he was still lying. He never would have said a word about not being human if Dean hadn’t forced him to it. Dean felt certain about that. He’d spent too long knowing, loving, that cautious part of Cas, who would never reveal all of himself at once, who was always so delighted to be understood without needing to explain.
Dean didn’t remember bringing Cas down to the sodden floor with him. He could feel the ghost of the germaphobe he’d once been rattling chains at the back of his mind, but that too no longer bothered him anymore. Cas had him on his back and was biting his own lip, looking like he had no idea where to begin anymore.
He’d thought he might have to request that privacy for himself too – but not even Cas had requested to join him.
“Oh, you mean dating? I don’t think anyone’s good at that. That’s what dating’s all about. Practicing.”
“I should have. But Cas -” Dean’s voice was slowly getting stronger, but still not certain. “Cas deserved to hear me say it. But he deserved better than picking me.”
But all day following that, Dean just wouldn’t stop with the touching. They washed and piled their mounting pile of dishes together and Dean kept slowly taking the dish right out of Cas’s hand before Cas could put it in the rack, and smiling at him like there was some joke Cas hadn’t figured out yet about to reach its punchline. Cas walked out of the kitchen and Dean playfully whacked at his ass with the dishtowel. They settled down under the covers back on their couch to watch a movie and Dean was all crouched up next to him, the tip of his hair brushing Cas’s chin.
“Full on Heaven, yes. Jack reasoned that I had proven to have grown something of a soul in my time on Earth, in my time as a human. Therefore, in the same way Jack should have stayed here, so should I.”
Sam exhaled. “I don’t think he wants to remember. And since he’s prepared to admit that he almost remembers me I don’t think that’s going to be about any baggage that I know anything about.”
I'm fully aware that this is A Bummer to read in the middle of genuine apocalyptic vibes, but it's been kinda fun to write. I promise that I have now finally figured where the story's heading from here and may actually finish it soon??
Finding some last vestige of strength, Dean forced himself up to spring at Michael. He hadn’t been able to stop this son of a bitch from hurting anyone before, but Dean wasn’t about to let him –
“When he died again?” Jack’s smile widened. “I feel like I probably shouldn’t tell you that. But we are trying to change a lot there.”
Plastering on a vacant grin, Crowley reached out his free hand to loop around Dean’s arm. “I must apologise for my rudeness – but I am going to have to steal Dean here for just a moment…”
Cas had maybe chosen to selectively forget about that. “Oh, right. Benny does seem very…” He struggled, trying to think of something positive to say about Benny. It wasn’t that Cas had anything against him, but though they’d known each other for years, they’d never exactly… gelled.
As Dean started walking away, Cas was suddenly there beside Sam, rucksack slung over one shoulder as he offered Sam a small smile.
“You never told me what happened to her,” Dean said after a beat, keeping his eyes on the wall as Cas took his time in answering.
“You heard him. Let’s see if we can’t find my brother something to eat. And as for Cas…” Cas didn’t look back, but Sam was very aware of him listening. He had the sudden thought that if he said the wrong thing here Cas was just going to fly off with his lightning wings and this time Sam really would never see his brother again. “Cas is with us. We know him. And we’re definitely lucky to have him on the team. Give him a thank you if you get a moment. He saved all our bacon today, and he’s going to help make sure we all get home okay.”
It was about six hours until Dean went back on his word. Coming back into the kitchen for more coffee, Cas found Dean with his foot propped up on the sink, trying to keep it still for his phone, but not keeping his balance very well.
Cas slumped his shoulders back into their regularly uncomfortable position and reluctantly pulled his laptop towards him. The kitchen/living area to their
He said it like she was some kind of stranger at the door, and it was all a little strained, but the panic was definitely fading now. Eyeing Sam closely, Ruby took a few steps forward and, in a kind of haze, stepped inside. Then when she let Sam take her coat she allowed only him to see the manic expression she knew she had to be wearing.
Above them, the speakers kept blaring out some decade old pop song. Cas ignored it as he smiled and lovingly pushed Dean back to the ground. His fingers found Dean’s nipples like they belonged there, torturing them, worshipping them.
No. Like the walk of fame, Cas corrected himself firmly. Getting a chance to get to know Bobby Singer had been incredible, and he was grateful to Dean for making it happen, for having that charming ability to just meet someone and bring them home - or call them in the middle of the day with no pre-warning – but he had admittedly spent a lot of the evening wishing that they’d been alone.
Suddenly a ghost of one of Sam’s earlier charming smiles finally made its reappearance. “No, please, would you like to – uh, to come in?”
And, moreover, Cas had long suspected that Dean knew exactly how Cas felt about him. He just hadn’t been bold enough to name it or look it in the face until now.
Watching only Dean’s face as his roommate scrambled out of his jeans, Cas tried to think about what his next move should be. They hadn’t exactly planned out too far, despite his encouragement towards “scripting”, but things seemed to be progressing well enough by them just winging it.
There was no reason for Jack – for his Jack – to look so relieved, so overwhelmed at the sight of him when he’d only just left him alone.
“It’s fine, Sammy,” Dean assured him without looking up. “I’ve had my rabbit. I’ll stay put this time.”
“Just think,” Michael continued, walking towards Dean as though his monologuing had suffered no interruption. As he spoke, Dean carefully slipped a hand into his pocket and jammed the button down on the walkie. Maybe someone was listening, and, if nothing else, they’d hear how he went out.
Sam arrived with his bag of food a few hours later, and Dean brought it into their apartment like it was a dead animal he’d been forced to clear off the stairwell. “This enough fresh food for you?”
“Where are they?” Dean asked, the moment Sam sat down. It was the first thing he has said since the church.
Sam had nothing to say to that, and thanks to the loud screeching noise from somewhere off to their left which made them both turn their heads slowly, he didn’t have to come up with anything.
And those thoughts all got in before Dean noticed his new tail, at which point his brain needed a few moments to simply shut down.
“I didn’t tell you to stop.” Cas bit down on his lip. Couch sex had sounded like a good idea, but now it felt squeaking and awful. And the logistics hadn’t become any easier now that they were in the middle of things.
“Hi,” the man with the ugly, ugly gold car but the beautiful, beautiful mussed up sex hair that didn’t even look like it was there on purpose said, looking at the house as though it confused him. “Are you Ruby’s…?”
The first night they spent together again came after Dean had been in a temporary bunk for almost a month. And at first they were so goddamn careful with each other. For the first time, at least. The rest of the night felt more like a breaking of a dam, and Dean felt more than one tear running down his cheek by the end of it, when he held Cas tightly to him and told himself he was never going to let him go again.
Cas kept his eyes on the bush that had moved while they paused, trusting that Sam knew what he was looking for.
Technically, this was lovely. The video was uploaded, and rent would be doable. He didn’t hate the movie Dean had picked out.
“We got another eleven days in here,” Dean reminded him, leaning his head back on the couch arm. “I’ll wear you down.”
His whole family, and several dozen other members of his people gathered inside the room, all singing praise, and Cas was forced to sit tied up, weeping, his screams muffled by his gag. His mother was dying. The world was dying. He’d failed Dean, who thought he was a good person, a good
Cas nodded slowly. “Gets the most of the natural light through the day. Easier to stage some kind of opening scenario.”
“Basically. Considering running back now, too.” She smiled up at him, trying to keep it self-deprecating and not entirely self-pitying. “Thought break-ups might be easier to get through on the opposite side of the world.”
“Today’s been good. I feel like me like this, when I’m driving.” Dean swallowed. “I was worried I wouldn’t remember how.”
Despite walking, Dean still nearly succeeded in tripping over a man sitting in a wheelchair on the sidewalk in front of him. The problem was – and this was not Dean’s fault – that the man had been rolling along at a hefty pace before stopping suddenly.
“And besides,” Cas continued, apparently unable to help himself, “as I said, you’re probably helping both your brother and the world if you stay stuck in here. Against the sort of things coming for him, nothing you could do could protect him. The best you can hope for is that with this being your fate, that nothing will be forced fast enough, that they will keep Lucifer from escaping for another generation or so. Perhaps if Sam has children it will be them the attentions of the archangels turn to.”
When Cas didn’t look away, Dean allowed a thought he hadn’t even considered yet enter his head. “Am I -” he put the bottle down with a thunk. “Is…? Are you getting off on this whole…” Dean made a rapid gesture over his canine teeth. “
“You’re good at plenty that’s not hunting, Dean. ‘Sides. Not like they don’t have monsters in California, right?”
By the time Ruby was retrieving her passport she was getting the strong sense of deja-vu. She was too hungover and probably too jetlagged to feel motivated to get another plane, or to stare at a screen.
Dean gasped for breath, and Cas filed the noise away deep into his memory. “Let go my nipples, asshole.”
“If my little brother had told you what he was, what we were going to do, you would never have believed him. This might be the only version of reality where you have a chance to be honest with one another about what you are… And you won’t live to enjoy it.”
Gritting his teeth, Cas concentrating in clicking his mouse with a little more force than necessary. “I am trying to find out if there’s any gig venues left open in the city.”
“Right.” Dean sat down. His knees were getting too old to keep perching like this. “So…” he looked around the barn, empty but for them and the corpses. “Where’d he go?”
, built to curve menacingly around an opening door. (Sam had spent the next day after they’d gotten away lecturing him about
So, by 9pm, Ruby was drinking heavily and playing with Dean’s record player and hoping his neighbours were all deaf.
Cas sighed and sat down. “Jo’s with him. I think she’s going to try talking to him too. I think the more we remind him that everyone here is someone he couldn’t live with hurting, the safer we are.”
“Hey Jack,” Sam said quietly. The place was nearly empty and there was no one nearby. He would say this aloud. “We miss you.” Huh, that didn’t sound right. Maybe Sam should have practiced this before…
Cas opened his eyes, still trying to remember. After a long night of tears, joy and laughter, it had been the sight of Dean, hand still reaching for him in sleep, vulnerable as Cas had never seen him before that had done it. It was that image which Cas was still desperately trying to keep burned in his brain when he was Awakened.
He couldn’t really remember if he’d been much of a runner in his old life, but if there was one thing he definitely had on his side now it was speed. Dean raced back past the old lounge areas, the flight gates still covered in now faded airway logos until he rounded back towards the bar he’d left Cas.
Swallowing, Dean leant back in his chair. He’d liked to think that Sam hadn’t ever worked out that part, because for some reason he couldn’t get the happy families dream of them all actually getting along one day. Even after last night, and their Dad punching Sam in the face for saying that he wanted to get out – that he didn’t want to waste his life hunting.
He flinched when he felt the touch of Cas’s hand on his, reaching out of the grave. “I’m staying, Dean.”
Dean checked his watch. “Anyway. Guess I’d better take this one out before it starts raining out there.”
Dean turned on the bar stool to look at where Crowley had aimed his pointed nod – towards the stage, where currently the CEO, Harriet Hess, was tapping at the microphone and beckoning two people onto the stage. The first was Toni Bevell, Hess’s long-term assistant. Behind her was…
“I mean, you look all pale and like you feel like finding one of those paper airplane bags… I’m Garth, by the way. Can I offer you a sweet to stop your ears from popping? Some people say it don’t work for them, but I always find…”
felt threatening – making Dean force down the jokes that immediately came to mind – Mr Turner started to turn away from them.
Everything happened so quickly after that, and, again, Cas was left nothing but a spectator. Lucifer leapt off the step, and landed with what had to have been a brief but serious amount of pain down next to Michael, ready to help block his younger siblings’ approach.
Meaningfully, Cas ran his eyes up and down the bath-robe, the bag of chocolate, the bed-hair, and perched himself on the back of the couch. “Yeah?”
Dean looked at the angel, really looked at him. Castiel didn’t look back but Dean decided he liked the guy.
Besides. They hadn’t dealt with anything more than small-fry hunts in… well since they’d put Lucifer away. Surely, Dean was bigger and scarier than anything else left out there.
“Like now – right now, you’re doing it!” Dean growled in frustration, hating, as always, how animalistic the sound was. “Why is my family so interesting to you?”
She saw, smiled and walked over to him – them – her slightly heeled boots clacking pleasantly down on the wooden floorboards.
Dean gave his brother a brief smile. He wanted to hug him, to wish him good luck, but though he was free to move he didn’t trust himself to.
Cas froze, and was seized by the strangest impulse to burst out laughing. Of course the creature in front of them couldn’t be – but he knew that jawline. The frame of the face was sallower and disguised by unfamiliar facial hair, and the nose was broken now, but those shoulders, the stance, the tilt of the head as he listened to them speak – listened but did not recognise…
He got a small smile for that, like Cas found it a wonder Dean had anything to say to him. “I wanted to give you time. I knew you’d feel better once you knew Sam was here, and that he was fine.”
Feeling calmer, although not more comfortable, after the drive alone, Dean steeled himself and turned the car back around the way he’d came.
But instead of ignoring her as Cas usually would with his fans he caught the little girl’s wrist. After a few uncomfortable seconds she yelped and jumped out of his grip, running back to her mother, who shot them both murderous glares.
But later that night, in the rain, because of course it had been raining, Cas arrived at Bobby’s door. And this time neither of them hesitated.
Dean felt his face burn. “Something like that. I’d had a look at a few ideas about the Empty, most of it looked easier to manage from up here.”
