“ I am too.” Steve said, aloud. He wasn’t sure if he could walk much further. They were in the city, not twelve blocks away from Stark Tower. Steve wondered if it was the fear or exhaustion compelling him to duck into a stoop and let the kid off his back.
was more like it. Tony moaned, pulling Steve into a messy, teeth clicking kiss. Steve didn’t indulge him for long.
“I did it because I wanted to,” Steve grit out, grabbing Tony and rolling them over, so Tony’s head was bracketed with his arms.
“How the hell are they going to do that? I mean you saw-“ Bruce cut him off with a wave of his hand and a shake of his head.
There was a ding from the elevator, and Tony rushed to the office door, all but ready to tease Pepper about how the tables had turned. That was before he caught sight of her.
“Tony?” Steve was sitting on the edge of his bed, looking at him. Tony realized he’d been asked a question.
"I thought you were hungry," Steve said, almost forgetting she'd said anything. That was happening a lot lately. "Food's in the kitchen."
“Tony didn’t tell you?” Steve asked, unable to help the edge to his voice. He knew for a fact Pepper didn’t like him. That she could read him like a book. It wasn’t every day he met people like that. The fact that she was one of Tony’s closest friends was nerve wracking, and Steve did his best to avoid her at all costs.
How’d he known where he’d be. How somebody so seemingly trained just seemed to mosey on into the same gym he’d been in.
And then there was the heat of Tony’s mouth and Steve couldn’t, he couldn’t stay quiet, a moan tore out of him as he let his hands settle in Tony’s hair, doing everything in his power to keep his hips from snapping forward as Tony worked his magic. Tony took him all the way, and Steve could feel the head of his cock brushing the back of his throat-and that did it. That was all it took. He muttered a choked off warning and tried to pull away, but Tony held onto his hips and sucked the whole thing out of him.
His mind raced through his entire nightly routine. Through his shower, through making a damn sandwich-he couldn’t get any peace from the intrusive thought of panic. He hadn’t seen Tony yet-he was probably up in the office, which was a good thing, because Tony would ask him what was wrong and steve didn’t have the  ability to lie to him right now, not right now, his mind was fully consumed by the panic that there was a man somewhere in hell’s kitchen, a complete stranger, who knew things. His brain came to a roaring stop when he tried to think about to how.
“ Hey, hey, don’t make that face, there was a guy in the gym who got me good is all. We were sparring. You should come watch next time, it’s fun.” Steve said, moving to the kitchen. Taking the shirt away from his face-his nose had finally stopped bleeding-  and washed his hands.
It took him forty five minutes to locate Natasha, which meant she was in a mood to be located. He cradled the phone between his ear and shoulder as he made his and Tony’s bed, listening to the dial tone, knowing she’d pick up.
“What?” Tony asked, swallowing hard as Steve poured a healthy amount of lube over his fingers, looking Tony dead in the eye as he did so.
“Holy shit, Pep..” he breathed, trailing off. She looked awful. Pale, unkempt. That was a rarity. Her make up was faded, there were dark circles under he eyes. Was that the same dress she was wearing yesterday? “You look like hell,” He finished, reaching out for her. “Everything okay?”
“Yeah, if you could just fuck me that’d be great.” Tony said, fucking down on the now three fingers spreading him wide.
The past four days had been a whirlwind. Tony wasn’t sure what to do, how to feel. There weren’t exactly words that described the emotion predominantly cloaking his brain. There was nothing but confusion. Relief, but mostly confusion. He stood behind the glass quarantine cell currently containing Steve and the kid. The kid who stuck to Steve like a tumor. The kid who’d killed four people in the process of detainment. Tony wan’t sure what to think of that. She was dangerous, that was obvious, but also obvious was the fact that there was no way in hell she’d be parting from Steve anytime soon, if Steve’s behavior had been anything to lead by.
The Kid sighed deeply. She was too small to make such a tired sound. It crushed him. If only he’d been able to save her sooner. If only he’d been able to save her at all. She’d done all of the saving. He wasn’t sure he’d ever forgive himself for asking her to, but there really wasn’t another way. If he hadn’t they’d still be there, locked up like test animals. He pulled her along with him as they trudged through the rain. Twelve blocks. Twelve blocks to warmth. To food and shelter and medicine and an actual bed. Twelve blocks to Tony.
Steve had to resist the urge to shake the Kid off when she grabbed his hand. Her anxiety shot through him like a hot knife through butter. He was barely managing his own. He hadn't known it would be this hard. He'd readjusted to this world once before, but something about this time was so different. Being in one place for so long...it'd become almost comfortable. Knowing every corner of that room, every sound and and possible option as to what it could potentially mean? It'd been a comfort, even in that hell hole. He couldn't imagine what it was like for the Kid. She clung to him practically every second of the day, which made it difficult to discuss the results of the tests that'd finally been finished. The fact that Bruce wouldn't discuss them in front of her made Steve incredibly nervous.
“Thought you were gonna be up here by midnight.” Steve voice was sleep rough and low and absolutely dripping with intention.Tony sighed tiredly.
“She’s a runt. We’ve got five more and another batch cooking. I’m not the one who’s going to kill her, Captain. You are. Your…refusal to share information. Either you talk, or we end this right now. I’m sure you’d enjoy the lovely space we’ve arranged for you in solitude.”
“ What do you mean, what’er you talking about? Who sent you-was it-I told Jimmy I’d get him the money, I swore, didn’t I? I’ve got two more weeks-” Steve jostled the guy closer to the ledge, and he let out a small, strangled cry.
Steve paused a moment, then grinned. When he pushed the man it was like his whole body was on autopilot. He leaned over the edge to watch his decent, listened hard for the smack that meant he’d hit the ground. Steve stared down at the ground for a moment, watching as a dark glimmer of blood trailed down the broken asphalt of the alley. He stood there, doing his best to feel guilty. When the guilt didn’t come, he simply pulled off his shirt and went to grab his bag from the bottom of the stairs. His eye was swollen shut and his nose was bloody-He used the shirt to keep it from dripping anywhere. He didn’t need to leave a trail for anybody to find.
Steve woke with a sudden gasp and the intense urge to vomit. When had he been placed back here? When had he lost consciousness? For how long? Steve put an hand over his mouth, scooting up to sit up fully. He looked down to his side. The Kid was there. She wouldn’t look at him, but she was awake, her fingers just brushing the skin on his shoulder.
“Yeah,” He nodded, swallowing hard. “ Let’s go.” his face felt hot and he squirmed in his seat as Steve started the truck. It spluttered to life with a sound that was like daggers in Tony’s chest, an awful high pitched
“Why’re you doing this?Why are you hurting people?” Steve shook his head and got off him and pulled him to his feet so quickly the guy was reeling.
About halfway there, she sees something. There's people running in her field. She drops down on her knees so she's completely hidden by the grass. What if they're bad people?
“ I know.” Steve said, manually unlocking the truck’s driver side door before sliding into the cab and reaching over to unlock the passenger side. Had he actually had his wits about him his heart would’ve ached for the poor, mistreated vehicle. She was an oldie but a goodie.
“ God, Tony, I’m sorry, I’m sorry I didn’t mean-” Tony grabbed so toilet paper and held it to his nose.
“You’re not wearing you’re ring.” he wasn’t sure why he thought he would be. Steve supposed it wasn’t fair of of expected him to. The realization still hurt all the same. “I’m going to go sit with the Kid.” he said after a too tense moment. He stood
“What?” he asked, shifting, swallowing hard, trying to think with his upstairs brain, but it was pretty much offline.
“You…” Tony couldn’t breathe. He huffed and tried to catch his breath. He turned over and closed his eyes. A moment later, after cleaning up, Steve moved to curl up behind him and wrap an arm around his middle. Tony could feel his mouth on his shoulder. It wasn’t the only thing he could feel. Steve was hard still, his dick trapped at the base of Tony’s ass. “ You didn’t have to do that, you know,” Tony said, moving to press his ass firmly onto Steve’s dick. He smiled when he heard him gasp and felt Steve start moving, taking advantage of the position of his dick, which was now between Tony’s thighs. “I don’t want you to ever feel like you owe me anything- I know I joke, but I mean it Steve.”
“ Really? Where’d you go? Which gym I mean. I haven’t seen many around.” She was digging. To the outside it had to sound like polite conversation, but Steve could tell when someone was trying to get information from him.
“Oh, you’re scared alright. Listen to that. There’s something going on- tell me Steve...Rogers isn’t it?” Steve moved Matt from the post, only to slam him on the ground and furthering the backward angle of his arms. Steve pressed a knee to the middle of his back, letting all his weight rest on it as he leaned down to speak quietly.
“Got stuck on something. Wasn’t gonna be able to sleep anyway.” it was more mumbled that anything, muffled by the pillow. “I’m sorry.” He added, doing everything he could to not let sleep pull him down. The hand on his hip slid around to his stomach and traced lightly up his chest. Tony groaned, but it was a sleepy sound.
“I gotta go. Habit you know.” Steve said, bending over quite purposefully to pull his socks on, Tony cursed under his breath.
“Yeah, I know that.” Tony said nonetheless, shifting to get a little more comfortable, leaning on Steve more than the floor.
and when Steve turns his head Tony can see that his mouth is upon and the vein on the side of his head is standing out but not a damn sound is coming out of his mouth as he paints the wall in front of him with his release.
“You worried he’s got his hands on her behind your back?” She asked. Steve could hear the humor in her voice, though he couldn’t find it himself. He didn’t like that thought. He didn’t like that thought one bit.
It's then Tony decides he’s going to do something, contacts or something that could take a picture for him, just by blinking. Because he wants to see Steve like this every damn day.
“Maybe we should get going?” he said, his breath ghosting over Tony’s face. It smelled like coffee, but not particularly in a bad way. Just…warm. Tony smirked, leaning in for just one more kiss, making it positively
“ My day was...interesting. To say the least.” Tony said, shoving a mouthful of pasta into his mouth. “ You’re not eating,” he noted, nodding to Steve’s plate. Steve simply shrugged.
“ I went to the boxing gym last night. The other guy won.” He said, offering her a smile she didn’t return. She simply stared at him, as if she were deciding whether or not he was telling the truth.
The Kid asked, and Steve decided to make a point to talk to her more. She barely spoke, and when she did it was much too simple for a child of her age. She was small, but Steve could tell she was old enough to know how to speak in better formulated sentences. She just hadn’t been taught.
“I know I didn’t have to do it,” Steve answered. Tony licked him again and again. Short, wet stripes with the tip of his tongue, just enough to feel good but not enough to satisfy. Steve’s face was red as a lobster.
“Daddy?” Morgan said, looking genuinely confused. She stared at him for a very long time. Tony could see the cogs turning in her head. It tilted to the side as she studied him. And then she smiled. There were gaps in her teeth. She was so big. Emotion tore at Tony like a hungry dog. He was happy to see her. He was happy to hold her when she launched herself into his his arms, but if she was here with him that meant she was for very certain-
“Oh yeah. It’s working.” Steve went on, pushing the last bit of the popsicle in his mouth and pulling Tony into a bruising kiss. His mouth was sweet, the lat bit of unmelted popsicle residing there. At least until he pushed it into Tony’s mouth with his tongue. A shiver went through Tony’s body at the burst of chill and sweet flavor ran over his tongue, making his dick twitch hard in his pants. Steve huffed a cool laugh in his face, his eyes were way too bright.
“I told you you were going to walk around all day with my come in your ass and that’s what you’re going to do,” Steve said, raising his brows matter of factly. “No one ever said I had to tell you when.”
“Under the pillow.” Tony said, which earned him another scoff, from Steve, who leaned over him to grab it.
Steve jumped. The voice inside his head was so sudden and so there there was no denying he’d heard it. She hadn’t even looked at him, and the sound surly hadn’t come from her mouth.
"She's got wild amount of nutrition related health issues. Her cardiovascular system is weak, theres dystrophy in the muscles in her legs and arms-"
“Steve.” It was Tony. His voice was almost pleading. “I need you to try alright? If you don’t answer me you’re gonna have to do this all over again with some asshole agent in an interrogation room. It’s going to be a lot less fun that way, and you won’t be able to take the Kid with you.”
"I did know. I saw the funeral. I saw the..the news. About everything after. I was just...It was a lot to take in." Steve kept on doing his part for the sandwich, but Tony stilled next to him.
Pepper smiled and held up a video camera. “ I’m going to ask you some questions now. I’ll record it, if you don’t mind.” Barns blinked.
“ What’s it feel like to have someone big and strong beat the shit out of you huh?” The guy let out a choked sob, and Steve bit his lip, getting impatient. “ I asked you a question, asshole.” The guy was a sniveling coward, Steve was disgusted by him.
Tony wants to know more than anything. He wants Steve to come more than anything, the thought of him not having done so for the entirety of their separation was almost distressing, so if this was what was going to make Steve go off Tony was by all means for it.
“ Don’t, Tony. You’ve got work to do. Don't even worry about it. I was thinking about making you dinner tonight though. To make up for last night.” Steve sat down in one of the chairs opposite Tony’s desk and Tony smiled.
“If you’re looking for another hummer you’re gonna have to look somewhere else-“ Clint jumped into the pool and let himself sink, Tony was left to just stand there indignantly.
“You’re shitting me.” Barnes sat forward in his seat, mouth slightly open. “ I didn’t...I thought they’d caught him for good. I figured it was over when they arrested him..I stopped following the case-”
“How many days it’s been.” he said, grunting as he worked through the pain of standing up. Once on his feet he rubbed at his wrists as he limped to the wall, scooping up the meal replacement bars from the dispenser tray located near their toilet. He looked down at the kid and frowned. There was a long trail of blood from one corner of the room to the other. It ended by the Kid, just next to where he had been…sleeping?
“You got a condom?” Steve asked, sitting back on his feet, stroking himself lazily as he looked down in front of him, fingers still pumping in and out of Tony’s hole.
There was a dildo stuck to the shower wall with a suction cup, sheathed deep in Steve’s ass. Tony’d never seen it before. They had a couple of toys in a box in the closet-but Tony knew nothing about a suction cup dildo. There was something Tony found incredibly hot about that fact. He swallowed hard and pulled his hand away from his mouth. Frozen to the spot, he watched as Steve really started going out it. He placed both hands on the wall behind him started to fuck himself in earnest, pulling all the way off and slamming back hard, grunting as he swiveled his hips in tiny circles when he was as full as he could be. Tony could tell he was close. He could tell by the way his hips started stuttering, the way his abdomen rippled and flexed, the way his hand returned to his  dick, thumb messaging the head in rough back and forth strokes over the slit.
“Go to hell.” Steve  rasped. He could hear the man in the white coat pick up something metal. Then then something… rolling? There was an electric whirring and then the table was tilting up, so he was in an upright position. Steve grunted from the discomfort of it.
When the doors opened to the penthouse, Steve stepped out quietly. Tony was sitting at the kitchen counter, still dressed up in his suit and pouring over files.
“Why, what did I say?” Steve asked, and suddenly his entire posture was different. Where he’d been sleepy and relaxed he was suddenly rigid, standing up straight. His eyes were almost scared.
Steve didn’t even realise when he got back to the tower-it had been a good hour and a half, but all he could think about it what he’d done by leaving the guy breathing, what was going to happen-if Tony found out it would be over, if Tony knew Steve would lose him forever, and then there was no point. He’d keep running for sure, but he’d stop being careful.
“ You know,” Foggy said, as she gathered her things. “ I can’t help but feel like what we’re doing is illegal.”
“You know?” Tony asked curiously, a smirk playing at his lips. “How so?” Tony wasn’t looking at Steve when he was pulled into the kiss. Steve grabbed ahold of his oily t-shirt and mashed their mouths together like his life depended on it. Tony lost air, it came out of him in a surprised moan as he scooted closer to Steve, arms moving to settle around his neck. It was a good kiss, Steve was a good kisser-Tony could just sit there and kiss him forever, especially with Steve’s tongue mapping out the entirety of his mouth the way it was. Tony let his arms trail down over Steve’s shoulders, hands moving to rest on his chest as he pulled away, dazed. Steve looked at him like he was ready to eat him-and Tony wouldn’t particularly mind that. He was just about the pull him in for another kiss when he spoke.
“You were awake when I came back?” Steve asked. The Kid stared at him for a long moment, contemplating. She nodded.
things got back to normal. They worked in silence for a bit. The way they used to. Steve spread the mayo on the bread slices and handed them off to Tony, who placed the roast beef and slid them back to Steve, who placed the cheese while Tony cut tomatoes and so on.
“ You don’t have to worry about that, Tony. I wouldn’t do that to you.” Steve spoke so quietly, so earnestly, that Tony could feel his heart melt. He felt Steve kiss the side of his face and heard him mutter something about going back to bed, but Tony didn’t process it until he was almost out of the room.
“You want to keep living like this? Or do you want power?” Tony asked, annoyed. Behind him he heard Steve get up and walk over to him.  “We shouldn’t have left New York.” Tony grumped, squirming away when Steve dropped a hand on his tense shoulders. It was too hot for affection. When Steve pulled away completely to go back to the kitchen, Tony turned fully from the generator to look at his face, worried he might of started a fight-
Tony shifted a little, trying to hide growing erection. It didn’t work. Steve, who’d resumed the attack on his mouth, paused. He was breathing hard. In the dim light provided to them by the full moon, Tony could just barely see his eyes.
She doesn’t answer him, her eyes moved to the wall where the food was dispensed. The chamber was overflowing. There were a few of the shrink wrapped packages on the floor. The button stopped working long ago. Now the meal replacement bars only clattered from the dispenser three times a day. There was always four of them.
“Hm,” Steve hummed, kissing Tony soundly, effectively straddling his hips. “I’m gonna make you feel good.” He said, voice low and husky, Tony made a small sound of disapproval.
“Think I’ll stick to the pool at home. Pools.” He winked and flicked Clint off, all the while wondering why he was doing it. He didn’t wait to see his reaction, too busy wallowing in his own disappointment.
and the sound that came out of Tony’s throat alerted Steve to that. He chuckled, smiled, then ground their hips together. Tony moaned and closed his eyes. Steve kept talking.
Harley laughed and threw himself into a hug and Peter hugged Harley back. He hadn't seen Harley since fifth grade and god, Harley
Steve shook his head, "Tony I gotta get dressed okay?" Tony let out an indignant yowl. "Tony, I'm not leaving in my night clothes." Tony growled something before twitching his nose and leaving.
"Believe what you want," The man shrugged. "But that's the truth. The Slavic Shadow never would have been able to give birth without the help of us."
Steve closed his eyes. He didn't want to look behind him but he did it anyway. He had brilliant goldn wings, about nine feet long.
The teen - she couldn't be older than 14 or 15 - nodded. "Sounds good. Thanks again!" she hugged him and Peter obliged, hugging her back. Then she quickly dashed into her house and Peter ducked away into an alley. He glanced around and then fiddled with his phone to see if he could hop onto a police line and find some sort of crime somewhere when there was a cough to his right.
"Nat," Tony pressed, reaching out to hold her hand and gently rub it. "Friday and Jarvis have been searching for
As soon as that happened, Steve's wings went back into their normal position. Tony's hovered then wilted down and snapped out existence. Fire came out form the sudden transition and then it was gone.
Natasha sat back. "So what, they found something to get me pregnant and somehow set me up with - who, Tony?"
"She was my family well before you! You should allow me to see her - you can't just interrupt my whole life just because you want me to call you
According to Bruce, he had minor heart injuries due to the shock. Killian had hit him so hard that the crack they had heard was actually Peter's cheekbone cracking. Both injuries had healed thanks to his healing factor but he was out cold and had a large purple bruise sporting his cheek.
Peter thought about crawling over that way when he heard the loudest shot in his life. Peter flinched harshly and pulled in his knees to his stomach and nearly cried at the intensity of it.
"Um," Peter tried tapping on the glass between the back and the driver's seat. Nothing happened and Peter leaned back, breathing in deep and then out through his nose. He tried to calm his nerves and stiffened when the car stopped again and the door opened.
"And you'll get them," The man waved his hand and Peter felt his spider sense go ringing and he turned just in time for a tiny bullet to be lodged in his neck.
"Oh my god," she whispered. "When I escaped, I heard that you and Bucky were dead-I never thought you would-"
The other was a man named T'Challa. He was the Prince of Wakanda where T'Chalka-the King-had agreed to let T'Challa work with the Avenges.
"Right of course," Natasha almost instantly felt bad and she stiffened a little but settled when Pepper rubbed her back.
She followed Clint up and helped bring down the last few boxes. She glanced around the bare room and couldn't help but nod in satisfaction and close the door.
"You only saw them twice!" Tony spat, yanking his hand back. "You don't know what beautiful is if you think that they're-"
, come down sweetie," Peter looked so sad but came down and weakly trotted over to Natasha and practically flopping onto her. Natasha didn't hesitate to hoist him up and hold him close. She kissed the side of his cheek. "We're going home. We're watching a movie you chose, and you'll never have to worry about that gang again. Got it?"
Instead, they got kidnapped because, la-ti-ta, Aldrich Killian and his Extremisms were waiting for them.
Peter grinned and typed back. He asked where he might be able to find things and MJ gave him directions to 2nd on fish street where a robbery was happening.
"Nobody's really been inside of Wakanda right?" Clint asked, perched on his chair and looking perplexed.
Peter outright laughed at that. "Why the hell would I - no! No they do not know! And before you ask - no, May does not know. If she knew she would freak out and when she freaks out, I freak out,"
Peter was too startled to move but thankfully Bucky wasn't. Bucky's metal arm jutted out and blocked the bullet and he moved forward with scary flexibility.
Steve dropped the subject, still looking disappointed but glanced at his phone. "Tony wants me to come home. Please play nice guys." he looked apprehensively at all of them before leaving the room.
"Just what he likes and his hobbies." Natasha shrugged. "I think we're going to have a fan living with us."
Tony purred again, curling up on Steve's chest and apparently finding it a content spot to sleep because the next thing Steve knew was Tony falling asleep on his chest.
"Oh my god," Black Widow pulled away, crouched next to the couch that Peter was sitting criss-crossed on and she wiped away his hair, cupping his face with her hands. "You...you look like Tony." She smiled softly. "And...I...your eyes...."
Steve tugged on the bonds, gritting his teeth in anger. He looked around on the space rock they were on. They could see the galaxy and it would be pretty if they weren't tied up.
," JARVIS's voice echoed through the hall and Natasha headed into the elevator. May was behind her and Natasha clicked the right button.
The first date was a Star Wars marathon down in the lab. Tony stumbled a lot and stuttered and went red a ton. It was only a day after the wedding though so Steve didn't blame him for any of that.
On some level, Peter knew he was right but that didn't stop the rising anger. "Excuse me - how do I know
"Yeah." Peter nodded. "And um, I think Chemistry is my favorite. Or maybe one of the tech making classes." The Widow smirked in his direction.
It was a hospital room but more advanced than Steve had seen any hospital room. In the bed-sitting up, Bucky Barnes turned to look over at them. His wings--which startled Steve at first--spanned at the same length as Natalia's but one was bright blue while the other was a silver. The silver matched up with a metal arm that a man had been placing on him.
"Don't blame this on them!" Peter shouted, still in shock. "This isn't on them - or Aunt May or Uncle Ben or on Natasha or Tony! This is on
Harley laughed. "This way doofus," Harley led them out to the street where the dodged cars and giggled at the honking before making it safely across and walking down the sidewalk.
Peter frowned and slowly walked further into the alleyway, his ears straining to hear the whispering that he had previously heard.
"I was in Iraq," Tony grunted. "Ow! You know, getting rid of some of the weapons when this-ahhahaha,
"Thanks so much," the girl he was just talking to - Maddie - turned from her apartment building steps to look at him. "That guy just kept giving me the creeps."
The golden feathers spread into white feathers. He flapped them gently and they didn't make that much of a sound. Steve guessed that they were owl wings as owl wings were made to be silent.
JARVIS seemed to mull it over. "I have no reason to alert boss about where you might be due to privacy unless you are in suspected danger."
Everyone froze in the room and Natasha looked at him, frowning. "Your...your my son. I just - you're living here now that you're back."
Natalia and Bucky plopped themselves down next to him. He starled a bit and his wings ruffled but settled down easily.
Everyone was chatty with each other and even though there were several random ladies and gentlemen in the penthouse at the moment, that didn't stop anyone partying with each other all together.
"Already on it, sir." JARVIS sounded worried as well and Steve grabbed an ear-comm, taking the stairs to the garage.
"That was weird," Peter muttered and then he shook his head and looked down at his phone. "Well, I should go - hey Harley could I get your phone number?"
"It's just - I used to come out here - all the time - because I - It's - It's the street where my parents crashed their car and died," Tony said flatly.
. And quite possibly in the best way. Harley had wavy light brown hair and bright blue eyes. He was taller than Peter now - both of them were. Which was a bit of a huge deal considering Peter was always the tallest when they were younger.
"To the Red Room," Natalia pulled away. "It's an organization that started before Hydra but Hydra joined it and when they captured me they sent me back there to complete the training that I was given before. I escaped when I was younger and found Bucky." She added, seeing the confused look on Steve's face.
Steve just smiled and the door closed. He sighed and waited antsily for the door to open so he could leave. He ran around the streets to get to Central Park. He always liked going to the park after a particularly bad dream.
She looked at him. "Well, if 'mom' is too weird, you can call me Natasha or Tasha, either works baby." she smiled at him and he smiled back.
"Shut up, you!" Harley poked Peter in the stomach who just continued to laugh. Harley mumbled some more, grumbling about the predicament he was in.
Peter and Harley ended up walking all the way to Central Park. By the time they got there, it was getting dark out so they laid down and stared up at the darkening sky.
At least ten minutes before, the problem was the Guardians had dropped in unannounced. They said that they had heard about the wedding and decided to drop in. Which was nice, it just caused more work for all of them.
"I don't...because it's you I guess." Steve sighed. "I mean, I didn't miss the arguing but...the rest I've just..." Steve waved his arms. "Got used to."
"Thank you for letting us," Mr. Harrington replied and gestured to the kids who all quickly chimed in their thanks after taking the hint. They filed inside and went through the security system. They had to go through some metal detectors and then take their fingerprints.
"Ahh, I went to Mr. Delmar's with MJ and Ned," Peter came up with quickly and he noticed Bucky looking at him approvingly. "I lost track of time and I forgot to text you guys. I'm sorry,"
"We were wondering why he was just hanging out at the door," Natasha added, holding out her hand to pet him and watching as he curled his tail around her wrist.
Peter's world had been tipped upside down, and now even more so because Natasha was so unbelievably protective of him. On some level even Tony was protective of him (Peter had tried to call him Mr. Stark but Tony refused to let him say that and basically gave the same speech of, 'If dad is too weird, call me Tony'. He also got to see Tony's lab last Wednesday which was insane).
Bucky's face was pointed and blank but he nodded. Peter peeked his head out again, wondering if he should wall climb over and watch them just to make sure they don't hurt anyone or anything.
Harley would usually give them a chicken wrap, let them stay the night, wait until they leave the next day and call the police. But the softer buzz from behind him made him think otherwise.
They started walking away and Peter noticed that Harry glanced over to look at Peter, recognition on his face.
Killian snapped his fingers and the guards came and unbound Peter. They dragged him out as he started to thrash and panic.
"Oh." Peter paused. "Yeah, I mean, if that's the correct way to say it..." he trailed off. "But your wings," he readdressed. "They're bluebird wings, right? So why are they green?"
The wizard shot at him and the suit just froze and then dropped down without any grace to it. Steve saw the red and yellow glare as it spun out of control next to him and falling down from the sky to the  ground below. It sent Steve into an immediate panicked frenzy with his heart beat speeding up.
Peter grinned. "Thank you Jarv. Keep a secret would you?" and he pulled out his costume and shoved it on. "I'll be back soon, promise." And he jumped out of his window, free-falling before throwing out a web and swinging.
Thor's wings were pure lightning and thirteen feet long. Bruce's were green wings that were more sharply angled. They were down and draped on the floor behind him because he slouched and looked around nervously. The wings seemed skittish as well and they looked damaged. They seemed to be about five feet long, the shortest in the group.
"We're going to leave." the man continued. "We're going to continue on with our day and you will continue on with yours,"
"Yeah." Peter nodded. "And I moved in with them because that's what Natasha and Tony wanted me to do."
The men led the two of them outside and towards a limo security sort of car. May and Peter were forced to get inside and they filed into the backseat, feeling overwhelming nervousness.
There was silence on the other side of the transmissions so Clint just waited and waited until Natasha untangled herself and gracefully landed next to him. "Alright," she smacked her lips, sticking the SD card in her back pocket and looking at Clint. "What the hell is going on?"
"We're thinking of letting her see Peter," Phil said and it got an instant reaction from the four Avengers.
Steve froze. Then, he realized that Natalia had started yelling with Peter (and when did he start?) and Bucky was thrashing. Clint, Pietro, and Wanda were trying to shimmy out of the bonds. Steve was just frozen. He couldn't move.
Thor and Carol both showed up to help fly boxes of stuff to the Tower. After all the boxes were taken, Natasha turned to May. "Thursday. Tomorrow. Noon. Don't be late." She turned and walked towards the car where Clint and Bucky were waiting, noting the look of surprised confusion and then dawning realization.
She stepped inside and May looked up from signing the papers. May's mouth dropped a little and she swallowed hard. "I -"
Peter's phone buzzed and he looked down to see that Harley had texted back with a date, a place, and a time. Peter bit his lip and responded back that he would be there and then tried to think of what he would say to his parents.
Peter jumped off the couch suddenly and then froze, still staring at the door. Natasha started to talk when the door opened and May Parker stepped out.
Phil smiled. "You had a segment of school yesterday where police came and took your fingerprints yes?"
Natasha dropped everything and ran over to him, barely registering the suit he was in. "Peter Romanov what the actual hell were you thinking?!" she hissed at him, untying the rope.
Tony looked over her shoulder at the computer and looked at her. "You know, I don't tend to look at folders or search histories or anything, but when it comes to my second favorite person -"
Natasha nodded again, her mind sort of shutting down as she thought over the events that had just occurred.
her son. But it also wouldn't make sense for her and Phil to lie, considering he was a nobody from Queens. Unless of course they knew his secret identity but they didn't say anything about it so so far it seemed like they were telling the truth.
May and Ben had left a while ago. Before she left, May had made a cake and a lasagna for lunch but Peter had a feeling he wouldn't be able to eat that within the next five hours.
Natasha sighed. "There's no evidence that she had any idea you were kidnapped." Peter's smile returned, triumphant and smug.
Steve pinwheeled his arms as a gust of wing nearly forced him off the edge. He whirled around and stared up after catching a flash of red.
Later, Steve found that Nick Fury had been looking to Falcon and Spider-Man. (He's also been looking at others but refuses to tell Steve.)
When he came to, a man named Yinsen was with him, he had an arc reactor in his chest, and he was stuck in a cave-forced to serve the Ten Rings (except Tony never served anyone and he sure as hell wasn't going to serve a terrorist group.)
"Don't you think you should text your dad or something?" MJ pointed out. Peter made a face but nodded.
"Yup," Thor nodded. "Here," he crouched down and held out a vial to Tony who padded over and sniffed it. He hissed at it and turned away, choosing to lick his paws instead.
"Explain what - why are you wearing a Spider-Man costume?" Tony's brow furrowed and Natasha threw him an 'are you serious?' look.
"Luckily, he doesn't have to worry about any meetings or anything," Pepper told Steve. "Just make sure he's fed and he sleeps and he doesn't get himself into too much trouble,"
And as he just about finished his drawing, a hand came in and swiped the pad off his lap and onto the muddy ground.
Artie was standing there, sneering. He stomped on the pad and hissed something at Steve but all Steve cared about was his pad. He tried to shove Artie off the pad but Artie just pressed harder and laughed.
One, Harry reached forward to press Peter's hand in farther and two, the spider in the tank lunged, sinking his fangs into the middle of Peter's wrist.
"Did you lock the gang up?" Steve asked and Bucky shook his head. "So could they still be out there looking for Peter?"
Peter waved shyly, trying to catch the intern's attention. The intern took a double take on Peter and slowly began to smile and walk towards Peter. Peter grinned as well as MJ shifted so Ned was in the middle and the intern could walk next to Peter.
The first floor contained a kitchen, an office, a living room, and locker room. The locker room is where everyone put their outside stuff. The backyard was nice as it had a pool, a trampoline, and a playground.
Steve just stared as Bucky hide a smile behind him. Tony rushed the walk a bit, embarrassed, while Natalia looked at him with triumph.
that any of it happened. The stance of her body, her emotions, her confusion, and facial features all prove that. I can't deny that she's been a positive influence on Peter and I can't deny that she does have some semblance of rights. But that doesn't mean I have to like it." She scowled and crossed her arms, watching as Phil came in with papers.
Peter groaned, wiping his mouth after hurling the second time this morning. After the spider bite, he couldn't stop throwing up the next morning and found himself a permanent seat at the toilet.
Harry barked a laugh at MJ's comment as Peter launched into an explanation of what 'borked' meant and where it came from.
"Hmm," the security guard hummed but gave Peter his badge with his name on it. Frowning, Peter left the area and jogged after his friends where the tour guide was introducing himself and his assistant.
Fifteen minutes in and Harry tugged at Peter's sleeve. "This is the third time I've been on this tour and let me tell you, it just gets more boring from here," Peter giggled and glanced at Harry who feigned yawning and laughed a little more.
Peter sighed. He wished he could do something but like May always said - sometimes you can't be friends with everyone.
"Uh...kind of. Not really. It's going to be pretty easy." Peter shrugged. Tony nodded. "Sorry, I - that was some domestic shit there and it threw me for a loop."
Peter went a little red, surprised that she would ask that. "I - I mean yeah. I don't - I've never been -
Bruce would join Tony in the lab a lot and he would often find Clint perched above both of them, keeping an eye on him.
Flash sneered and MJ punched his shoulder. "Watch it loser," Flash looked like he was going to reciprocate but he was being ushered off by Mr. Harrington.
"I don't think your mother likes me all that much," May explained and sighed. "Here, just - let me grab my keys and I can take you back home."
And then something was rubbing against his chest and there was this humming nose that seemed to reverberate through Steve's entire ribcage. He found himself calming down, feeling his breaths match the breaths of the thing that was in his lap. Something curled around his face and Steve opened his eyes.
Peter was antsy for the next thirty minutes, waiting for May to show up. He was now focused on the elevator doors, the TV long forgotten. Tony and Steve came out of the shower, all fresh and rejuvenated and Natasha broke the news to him that May was coming.
"I just can't go down this road." Tony tried. "We're - I mean I'll just head back, you guys can go that way, I can hitch a ride back there -"
"This young man's name is Peter Carbonell Parker." FRIDAY continued, ignoring Clint's comment and Tony and Natasha froze, both recognizing the middle name. "A year ago they had a field trip to Oscorp and I intercepted the ping and filed it for later. I wasn't sure but yesterday the system pinged him again because police took fingerprints at his school and Mr. Parker as Peter Carbonell Romanov-Stark."
"Steve," Pepper's heels clicked into the room again as she popped her head inside. Steve and Bucky looked up. "Tony wants to talk to you."
Hummingbird wings weren't meant to stop fluttering. In the wild, they could pause for a millisecond but they would have to keep going. When Peter's wings stopped, Bruce knew they would never work the same again.
Steve had tried to chase the man. He caught him but the man killed himself in front of Steve's eyes. Steve went into shock because
At the party, Steve was drawing the moment, smiling the whole time. Honestly, they should've done this years ago.
in. The smart, nerdy, fifteen-year-old that already has a personality. That same fifteen-year-old was going to end up on the streets when he was seventeen. Harley figured out the adoption system when he was six.
As Steve was doing his training, she was off to the side, working with other people and working closely with Agent Carter.
Ned had shaken out of it enough to hand Peter ear plugs and a tissue. Peter took both as MJ continued to rant about something and led them to the back of the school.
Based off this image: https://78.media.tumblr.com/b29f438f96a65d870acca75d06c7ec95/tumblr_ozkybgYaEK1ryow7jo1_1280.png
The Avengers continued to work together and helped the other recruits settle in. (They also found out that Clint has a family and it wasn't...all that....surprising. It was surprising though.)
"Hello, you must be May Parker." Steve walked over, holding out his hand and giving an award winning smile. Natasha and Tony stayed near the back and Natasha could feel Tony sulking next to her.
"Why can't I see May?" Peter exploded. "You already said that you don't believe she knew anything and you can't say that you were lying -"
"Thanks May!" Peter called and dashed through the doorway and down the stairs of their apartment. He ran out of the complex, waving to Mrs. Wiggins and her cat. He headed in the direction of the subway and jumped on it before it could leave him behind. He scrambled to look around in his backpack, checking to make sure he had his camera, permission slip, and phone.
"Come on!" she called and Tony flew out, activating his suit while Natasha grabbed a stumbling Peter and pulled him up the side of the hill. A loud boom echoed behind them and it was a tad too close because Natasha and Peter went flying.
"I'm sorry," Tony pulled away to press his forehead to hers. "I'm sorry and I wish things were different but they
"I'm - I'm sorry," that's all Ben got in before the ambulance responded and Peter was losing it, going absolutely hysterical.
It didn't go the way he thought it would. Peggy caught him at the end of his show and told him and Natalia that they shouldn't be upset. They just lost more than half their men to enemy lines.
MJ threw her hands up in exasperation and left to go to her first period. Ned looked over at Peter and tried to say something again.
The Avengers had found some maniac genius trying to prove that he was as good as Tony Stark by creating a 'suit of armor around the world'. Unfortunately for the Sokovian, his project backfired and his 'suit of armor' was now trying to kill the world.
"Let's just get back on the bus." MJ frowned. She and Ned headed after the group, glancing over her shoulder.
Steve stared at Tony. He had been drawing Tony as they were sitting in Central Park. Tony was wearing a button up white shirt and black pants. His hair was windswept as always and it moved in the light breeze.
"I think she's telling the truth." Natasha said finally. "There's nothing that says she isn't. She sounds concerned about Peter and appalled at the idea that she had a kidnapped child."
So...I do not have this story completely finished. It is entirely thought out so all I have left is to actually write it but it might take a while considering I have two other stories in progress on AO3 and Wattpad.
"Hey man what's up? Or I guess what's new? I don't know, I haven't seen you in a while," Harry laughed.
"'Now that that's done'," Tony quoted and gave Steve an unimpressed stare. "That. What was that about?"
Peter jogged over and then slowed down, trying to catch their attention. Harry stopped yelling at the other person to stare at Peter and blink. "Peter?"
"Sweet," Tony jumped onto the bed next to him. "And what do you think about me sleeping here tonight?"
"Your real name is Peter Carbonell Romanov-Stark," Phil filled in and Peter felt like he was going to scream and throw up at the same time.
Peter was out for just over an hour when he settled on top of an inactive crane, eating a burrito that an old lady gave him. His spidey sense picked up and he flipped so that he was crouched low, ready to attack if necessary when he saw the Iron Man armor flash in his face.
"It's fine," Harley waved him off, a little put off that this guy would tell him something like that. "A lot of criminals stop here-"
(Rhodey-Tony's friend-had also joined the Avengers as War Machine. His wings were a soft brown color and spanned about three feet. They weren't as big or as impressive as his suit.)
Natasha's lips twitched as she watched the woman on the other side of the two-way glass repeat her story. She tried to put aside her anger and watch how the woman acted to see if she was lying whatsoever.
A group of people called the Guardians of the Galaxy were across from them. Gamora was a green lady, Rocket was a raccoon, Groot was a tree, Drax was this gray and red alien, Nebula was blue, Mantis had wide black eyes, and the only human (Half-human) on their team was Peter Quill or Star-Lord.
"Peter -" she started and then faltered. "Peter...I'm sorry that I - that all of this happened. And for what I've done." She stopped for a minute, twisting her lips. "It's just -" Natasha paused again. "I always wanted a kid. And...then, when the Red Room happened...I couldn't. And then when Tony and I had that one night, and then I found out that...that I was going to have you it was....
Clint was next to Pietro who was next to Wanda. Next to Wanda was Bucky, then Steve, then Natalia, then Peter. They were in an army carrier plane and had parked the quinjet in the air next to the plane.
She looked over at Bucky and gestured. Bucky nodded and walked over, cranking his arm before punching it through the door. Once the door was broken down, Natasha could hear the rest of the air team landing.
"No-nope-nada-that's a negative." Tony's voice hit a high pitch and there was some whirling of machines. "I can't---guys-----going---not working--this-----bad!"
Anthony or Tony, couldn't see his at first and that was upsetting to him. Especially since no one else could see the wings that he could.
She kept him close and Peter could hear her choked off sobs due to his enhanced healing. Peter instinctively hugged back, burrowing his head into the crook of her shoulder. This felt normal. It didn't feel wrong like he expected it to be - it felt
They were all silent as Tony rubbed and bumped Steve, yowling and yapping at him. "Do you - uh," Steve was looking down as Tony began to weave through his legs. "Do you think he knows...?" Steve trailed off and yelped slightly when Tony scratched his leg letting out another yowl.
"Hey-uh Cap?" A voice crackled over the comm and Bucky and Natalia stopped. Sam, Wanda, and Pietro stopped as well and Peter practically flew of the webbing he was on (Luckily, Clint yanked the webbing piece he had before Peter could slam into the wall and hurt himself. The Avengers were all looking out for Peter as carefully as they could).
He also found that his right wing was torn off and the blue, red, and white feathers had turned to molten ash.
"We're in the middle of nowhere in the state of nowhere!" Clint decided, yelling and throwing his hands up in the air.
Tony's leg bounced and he tried to find a way to say he wanted out when Natasha turned the car around.
But it would be fine! Nothing was going to go wrong. Maybe it would be a little awkward but they were just going for shakes and then walking around the city and visiting shops. And it's not like New York was a closeted city so nobody would be judging them.
Killian grinned madly. "It did." He waited at the Extremises. "These were test subjects and well, they only work for so long. This, though," he gestured to the liquid. "This lasts the rest of your
The only people at the wedding were the Avengers. Docto Strange was there as well and had become a consultant for the Avengers.
Natasha seethed while Steve gently nudged his boyfriend. "Not the time sweetheart," Steve muttered and Tony took his cue.
When she was assigned to Stark, she hoped and prayed that the man wouldn't remember her from his past conquests but he did and Natasha slipped up, saying she had a child with him.
Peter frowned. "And...if I say no? I mean - I'm kind of busy..." Peter glanced at his phone. "Like I kind of have to go...and soon..."
"Hey there Spidey," he was leaning against the side of the wall and glancing around. "Heard what you said to that gal - pretty sound advice."
them that way. Any friend he had that was a girl-Natalia, Peggy, Wanda-all felt like sisters to him. He was never outward about it because nobody talked about it then. Usually, he found himself flustered around other men. More recently, Natalia said that they term for him is 'gay' and that he likes boys.
Natasha cracked a smile, taking note of the twins that were emerging from the shadows to lay down next to Clint. Clint was the first one to knock out the twins and make connections with them. Wanda laid across Clint's stomach and he let out a little oof but allowed it and started petting Pietro's hair.
Natalia kept his spirits up but Steve would always sneak out and continue to apply. Steve from Brooklyn. Steve from Chicago. Steve from Idaho. Steve from Ohio. Steve from New York. Over and over and over again.
"I think he -" Natasha started when Tony yowled suddenly and leapt off of her to weave in between her legs before sauntering over to Steve.
8/14/20 - HEY I'M BACK THAT A/N ABOVE WAS FROM EARLIER BUT I WANTED TO LET YOU ALL KNOW THAT I MADE ALL OF MY UNFINISHED SHIT A 23 PART SERIES WHOOT WHOOT. THANKS FOR THE HELP. WE HAVE THREE MORE CHAPTERS (I THINK IT'S THREE) AND I'M FINISHING IT UP NOW. HERE'S THE NEXT CHAPTER. ALSO, PARDON MY YELLING XD
Bucky and Natalia were sparing down in the training room while Vision, Peter, and Wanda were watching TV. Clint had taken Pietro and Sam to visit his family. Thor had taken bruce to Asgard because something happened and Thor needed Bruce. T'Challa had gone back to his home, Tony was in the lab, and Pepper was at Stark Industries.
Clint, Thor, Bruce, T'Challa, and Pepper were still out. Clint wanted to stay with his family for another month or two. Thor and Bruce haven't responded to any calls and T'Challa is working out some sort of fumed in Wakanda.
Steve left the room to have Tony weaving through his legs and meowing at him. "Tony, shhhh," Steve hissed, still walking towards the elevator and exit.
"Winter? - Oh right," Peter was confused for a moment and then he remembered Bucky's past. "Oh that was the Winter Soldier? Oh, well hi."
Then Romanoff and Rogers barged in with Fury who left stealthily behind them. Romanoff practically threw herself at Bucky and Tony put his stuff away.
Clint was perched above, holding the webbing that helped hold Peter upside down. Bucky and Natalia were still sparring on the mat. Bruce was hunkered down in the lab below them and Thor was visiting Loki. Wanda and Pietro were messing with each other and Sam and Vision. Rhodey was out on military business as he was still bound by law to enter work.
Black Widow ruffled his hair. "Nothing to be ashamed of. Your father is going to love it." Peter nodded and then is brow furrowed.
And if a gang was in charge of kidnapping her son, it would explain why SHIELD had lost sight of him. Not completely to be honest but Natasha could try and sort on the details in her mind later.
Peter shrugged helplessly in reply and left the classroom, heading towards the office, his mind racing. Had something happened to May? Did someone find out his identity? Was he just in trouble for cheating on a test?
Peter looked over at the door and grinned. "Nat!" He set down his stuff and scampered over to her and Natasha swelled with something akin to happiness and pride.
Once he was sure he was safe, Peter ducked out and ran around through New York to help people out. MJ and Ned tuned in for a moment before letting him go. There weren't a lot of criminals around so he was more or less doing flips for pedestrians, helping elderly people cross the road, and helping girls walk home to and from different places in New York.
"Well, I think that was a good idea," Steve commented flippantly and both mother and father shot him small glares.
He ran forward, skidding to a halt and backing up against the wall as Bucky marched forward and towards the gang. It seemed to be only one group and Peter caught the last few batted whispers of " - the last time we tried that, we lost the thing to the Parkers,".
Harry came back with some sort of medicine and fed it to Peter who made a face. "That tastes awful."
"There's no evidence to show that she was a danger to Peter - if anything, she helped Peter to the fullest of her abilities," Phil argued. He looked at Natasha. "And unfortunately, until we get the paperwork sorted out, she still has rights to Peter legally."
They went back to the camp where Phillips had really no choice but promote Steve to an actually fighting job. Phillips also gave him a new costume design, one more equipped for fighting. he also got a smooth metal America-style shield from Stark (He also realized that Peggy seemed to be developing a crush on him. Natalia found it cute but Steve found it disconcerting. He never really liked dames).
The sound echoed over all the room and Peter fell back. His wings went absolutely still and Killian stood back up. Steve could finally see the glistening blue-multicolored wings. His wings didn't move and Peter looked like he was gasping and afraid.
"Everyone, just calm down," Pepper stepped forward, typing furiously on her phone. "I'm scheduling a press conference, I'll state the facts, none of you have to come, I have it under control." She smiled warmly at Peter who tried to say thank you but nothing came out.
"MJ bought me a pizza and shake today," Peter whispered. "She said I didn't have to pay her back but I feel like we should."
The next was at the old diner Steve used to go to. This time, roles were reversed. Tony had recovered his wits and was flirting with Steve while Steve lost all that and was stumbling, turning red, and stuttering.
"If you want," Bucky shrugged. Bucky was found a few years ago by Steve. He brought Bucky back and at the time the Avengers had been communicating with Wakanda where they allowed Bucky to come and heal after being with HYDRA and being the Winter Soldier. He still had nightmares and moments where he turned to the Winter Soldier again but Winter was much less violent than before.
He put the chicken wraps down and paused. He tried to ignore the faint buzz in his head, silently berating it as he waited for something to happen.
Peter wailed and most of the Avengers went limp. Wanda started crying, letting the tears fall easily. Bucky hung is head low and Steve gaped. Natalia's face hardened.
"I -" Peter stopped abruptly. "I was in ballet when I was younger but dropped it." Natasha looked elated at that and he smiled at her enthusiasm. "I guess messing with technology? And I like watching movies...and I'm on my schools Decathlon team..."
She walked out of the room with him and to his and Ned's locker. Ned was talking, chatting about the sleepover that they were going to have. Peter didn't mind giving Ned and MJ as many sleepovers as they wanted at the Tower because he knew that they weren't taking advantage of him. Plus, today was Friday and Friday's were always great days for sleepovers.
When the Avengers showed up, Harley begged saying he only had two years before he'd be kicked to the curb. Peter chipped in and Tony did too-after admiring Harley's work lab.
By the way, in case ot wasn't clear - I have no beta. And I actually did some of this on my phone so yeah. Autocorrect is a bitch. And so is my phone's keyboard.
"Yeah, crazy," Tony seemed to be in a state of shock as well and Natasha noticed that the others had began and shift around to do what they were going to do today.
Peter sighed loudly. "You know my middle name? Carbonell? Apparently that's Tony Stark's mother's maiden name." Peter chewed his sandwich and took the snacks that MJ shoved his way.
Steve scrambled away as the new kid walked over. He was about their age, maybe a little older and almost twice Steve's height. Steve felt miserable. He didn't know the new kid, but he was sure the new kid knew him. And that just didn't bode well for him-
They didn't make it out before seeing Johann Schmidt-the man that Erskine said was the first test trial. It didn't work and instead, Schmidt was left with a red skull face and a power-hungry surge for what he called 'peace'. Schmidt left after cutting Bucky and Steve's way out. But Bucky jumped across and then Steve, both leaving the burning building behind to find Natalia and the rest of the group.
Natalia had practically mauled Bucky when she saw him. There was some whooping and cat-calling and Steve gave a look mixed with back-off and yeah-they-are-cute to the other soldiers.
Some parts of the last chapter might not make sense because it went through like three drafts because this chapter kept changing.
Tony screamed through the gag and fell to his knees. He sucked in a deep breath as Killian removed the shot from his shoulder.
"There. Take a shower." Peter announced and walked back to the couch, flipping down next to Natasha. Steve pulled back, appalled and Tony blinked.
Since Tony was hole up with Peter, Steve ushered the rest of the team to the main living area to wait. Natalia looked impatient but Bruce promised to let her see Tony when Peter woke up. The part of the team that stayed behind came in a little while later.
Pepper was upstairs with Stark Industries stuff. T'Challa was back in Wakanda because his father was killed in an explosion by someone named Klau who stole vibranium (Steve was upset to hear that the only way Howard Stark got the vibranium that made his shield was through someone like Klau. T'Challa assured him that Steve was fine and Wakanda wouldn't hold it against him).
"Relax Tony," Steve shrugged the cat off, feeling slightly irked. "I just went on walk - come on, I do it every day!"
This is practically another filler chapter. I should be caught up to the plan that I had and they should be getting longer after this chapter but idk. Things are happening and they're not going the way I planned or wanted them to... :/
Three days later, they were together eating breakfast when Pepper's heels came clicking in from the elevator.
"Cap," Tony grunted through the Iron Man suit. He was up above Steve and Bucky who were making sure that no Sentries got down to where they were. While they did that, Tony tried to find a safe way to bring down the city and maybe a way to turn Ultron off. "We've got a problem."
Steve didn't like bullies-but when he was being bullied, he couldn't find the fight to stand up for others.
Steve winced and sighed. "Looks like we're going in with a bang." He jumped down and he heard Tony sigh loudly.
"Well," Steve hoisted Tony further onto his lap and whispered in his ear. "Why don't you help me get rid of that?"
Peter sighed loudly from the couch and walked over, looking at the reflection of the screen. Peter twisted his mouth and then pressed a few numbers, switched a few things, and then recorded the answer.
Steve was sitting in the love seat with Tony in his lap. Bruce and Thor were sharing the couch across from them and at some point, Scott, Rhodey, Carol, and Hope had appeared because they were all either sitting on the floor or on the couch, chatting with Peter.
"I hear you, Tones-I hear you," Rhodey called in on the comms. "By the way, a giant machine just came in and the guy on board is Fury-"
And he stepped back. There, standing a few feet behind Tony, was a completely different person than Spider-Man.
"Black Widow and Iron Man are my parents." Peter blurted. Natasha's brow furrowed and Mr. Stark raised his eyebrows.
The car took off again and Peter felt like he was on the verge of a panic attack. Why had they taken May away?
Tony was thirteen and a half when he found a way to hide his wings-making it seem as though he had none.
He should be talking to Bucky and worrying about him but instead he was looking at the man who just put his tools away and headed out. He ignored Steve's gaze and stepped out the door before looking back.
Tony's wings were out, the twenty-four feet of it draped behind him like a wedding train. Most people avoided them but occasionally someone would step on his wings and they would snap back, nearly tripping Tony.
"Here." Steve ran out the back of the garage, barely catching Natalia and Bucky on motorcycles and heading out. Steve hopped on his own and followed. "Jarvis? Peter's location?"
He wasn't here and Phillips said that the only option was that he was dead. Steve and Natalia refused to believe that and instead opted for going against the rules. They convinced Howard and Peggy to take them behind the lines where they snuck into the HYDRA camp.
Steve was twelve at the time. He didn't have really any friends mostly because Artie bullied him and Artie was the popular kid in school. He also looked like a six year old so that might have something to do with it. And maybe the fact that he cared about his grades and his teachers loved him.
"Seriously though, have you never been on date?" Harley asked, slurping up some of the shake that was melting outside of his cup.
Harley nearly ran over a redhead three-year-old he recognized as Charlie jarring him from his thoughts. He stopped, sighing as he looked around the house.
Natasha walked over to where Tony was sitting and sat next to him. "So what did he think of Rhodey?" She remembered Rhodey as someone who helped support Tony - and Natasha when things went south and Tony found out that not only did he have a son, but a kidnapped son.
"What are you thinking about Nat?" Steve asked, handing her a spoon full of cookie dough. She started licking at it, smiling at Steve in thanks.
"He looks like a mini Stark and not a mini you Tash," Hawkeye was suddenly next to Peter; literally like two inches away and spooked, Peter jumped up and whirled, instinctively punching Hawkeye in the face.
And then there was a loud bang and Tony was lying on the ground, groaning. "Oh what the fuck? What the fuck? I - I'm down? Question mark? What the hell happened?"
After the events of the Battle of New York, Tony had provided them all with spots in the Tower. None of them took it at first but whenever Thor dropped by, he was the first to hang out in the Tower. Then Bruce decided he want to stay and then Steve, after traveling around for a few weeks, relented and took Tony up on his offer too. Natasha and Clint were the last ones to come and stay for good.
Agent Nick Fury from the Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement and Logistics Division told Pepper to tell Tony that Iron man was apart of the Avengers Initiative.
"Of course," Harley let out a small laugh, shaking his head. What has his life come too? He looked over at Peter who grinned widely at him.
Thor frowned, Bruce cocked his head, Clint and Natasha threw him incredulous looks and Steve looked tense.
Tony looked like he was about to make a joke when the TV suddenly came to life. The Avengers stopped what they were doing to go over and look at it.
"Uh - hi - uhm, Cap-Captain America sir." Peter tried to play it off as cool as his voice continued to stutter.
"I know." Natasha said. She walked over and sat down on the other side of May, gesturing for the papers. May handed them over to her and she signed them off. "I'm a spy Mrs. Parker. I could tell that you didn't have any part in Peter's kidnapping." They went silent for a moment.
Tony shook his head. "You're something else, Cap." He sighed and tossed all the papers in a shredder next to the table. "Questions?"
"Tony has contacts. We can get you a private tutor if you want," she assured him. Tony nodded, mumbled something and then jogged away probably to go and tinker.
Phil didn't really get a chance to answer because Black Widow had walked forward, fast and then slowed down when Peter instinctively shuffled away. She slowly crouched down, an obvious sign of her trying to make herself smaller for him and Peter could see her green eyes were misting.
"Come here," Tony dragged her into a hug and Natasha took it after a moment of hesitation. They stood there for a moment, just close and hugging.
"So who's the kid's godfather?" Clint joked from the back, leaning in. Bucky glanced over at Natasha.
came out of the armor and Harley gaped harder. He always had his suspicions that Iron Man was actually Tony Stark but he couldn't believe that he was right.
"Um, okay," Steve muttered as Tony sauntered away, completely unphased by what just happened. Steve stood and scratched his head. "Do we want to feed him?"
There was another pause as they all slowly looked between the road and Tony. Tony watched them like a ticking time bomb and he opened his mouth to fall back on his other excuse - he can just walk back to the town and hitch a ride somewhere when Natasha abruptly spoke.
"Peter..." the way she said his name triggered something in Peter's mind and he sucked in a breath, remembering those eyes looking down at him, and her cooing at him, a soft smile on her face.
Natasha darted through different rooms, chasing after where her son was. A woman suddenly came at her and she shot her down, giving in to the urge of shooting one more time for good measure.
Peter chewed his lip. "I - yeah...okay," Peter kept his cross fingers behind his back. Bucky gave him a once over with scrutinizing eyes before nodding, satisfied.
"You really think that pretending to be the son of two Avengers is going to make you something special Parker?" Flash came up behind him and sneered. Peter stared at him as MJ scoffed.
," Bucky looked at Tony and Steve raised his eyebrows. "Grabbed the fucking Gauntlet and sent us all into a panic only for him to kill Thanos."
After about an hour, Peter felt better to stand up and head downstairs. He looked around weakly for something to eat and grabbed some strawberries. He headed to the couch and put on some TV while snacking on the strawberries.
A man named Howard Stark helped Erskine through the process of getting Steve in the container that would make him the world's first super soldier.
""Are you kidding?" Peter waved his hands. "I went from having no dad and no mom to two moms and two dads," he gestured to Captain America and Tony. Cap looked surprised for a moment as Peter continued. "This is a total upgrade and probably the best day of my entire life!""
Natasha was sitting next to Peter, arm wrapped around his shoulder as he shuddered and still tried to come down from the sensory overload he had.
be if it weren't for New York's light pollution. Harley apparently had been fascinated by the stars in Tennesse and he learned about them as much as he could.
Steve felt his wings spread out further and try and flap. But they didn't make any noise or progress. Steve decided he must've been too heavy to lift for his wings.
"Uh -" Peter started but then there was a click and Tony was off the phone. Peter pulled away and shoved his phone in his pocket. "Um. I have to go home."
"I don't want to go back to school." Peter blurted, gasping out his first sentence since the attack. "I don't want that to happen again. And I keep on getting bullied. And I'm already advanced for most of those classes -"
Peter bypasses the common room when he gets home and goes straight to his room. Natasha attempts to talk to him but he quickly says that he's tired and heads to his room.
Tony Stark avoided Steve Rogers as much as he could and when he couldn't-he acted like a total asshole. Every time he walked away from the situation he cringed and winced at remembering what he did.
"That one." Tony pointed. "That's where we're jumping off." And he grabbed Steve's arm and pulled him towards whatever building he had pointed at.
"I found him when he was walking home," Bucky chimed in, walking to the kitchen to kiss Sam on the cheek. "After ah...running into a gang..."
"Seriously. Even Natasha knows she didn't do anything so just let it go. Actually get to know her god," Sam rolled his eyes, walking towards his room.
When it was Peter's turn he watched the system and frowned with the security guard when the screen flashed for just a brief second with some name and then 'Peter Parker'.
"The one-oh seventh?" She whispered and looked at Steve. Steve looked at her, wondering what she was talking about for a second when he remembered.
Peter's leg began to jiggle more and he found himself turning into a nervous wreck because yeah...there's no way out of this situation.
"Yeah," Peter nodded. "I was happy to help! And if it happens again, just go to another woman in the area - she'll help you out."
Steve stood as Natasha was already on her way to the door. Natasha had froze a bit when she heard Rogers but kept walking towards the door. Steve jogged a bit to catch up with her wide stride and as they were at least twenty paces away from the door, she stopped him and ripped off her glasses.
Peggy sounded happy when she heard Steve voice but he told her that he had to land the Valkyrie in the water. He couldn't get it anywhere safe and there was nothing he could do.
Natasha looked a little nervous suddenly. "Steve proposed to Tony...and I proposed to Pepper...so, we're both going to get married soon."
"Peter? What -" Bucky held his forehead for a moment. "What - Okay. I sort of - I sort of know what happened there. Why - we need to get home." He sighed. "God, I hate it when Winter comes out like that for no reason."
But the thing is, Harley didn't want to live on his own. He knew a lot, a lot more than someone his age should know-and he was smarter than most people. His IQ was higher than some of the smarter scientists in history. But he was smart enough to admit that he didn't know everything. Including how to live life on his own.
"Peter isn't going to school." She said flatly. "He's not leaving the building at all. If the gang is still out there than we're not taking any chances."
As it was, it took Clint five days to drag her away from Peter and Natasha was half furious at him that he had taken her away from her son.
"Richard and Mary were scientists for Oscorp (yuck) and they had a confidential experiment before they were killed in a plane accident. Richard's brother - Ben - and his wife May took Peter in ever since. He goes to Midtown Tech, the school we saw in the footage the other day, and honestly - with his grades, GPA, and iq level, he could be in MIT but Ben and May couldn't pay for that and the school wouldn't either." Tony listed.
Peter saw red and he saw his chance as he catapulted off of the roof. He landed in front of the woman and struck her, using all of his strength.
"Well teach 'stealth' to Mr. Blow-Up-Everything-In-My-Way-Without-Even-Asking, here!" Harley spat. He craned his head to look at the hole, missing Black Widow's surprised and proud look.
"He calls himself that too." Bucky noted. He looked at Steve. "So how did you end up here, Stevie-?"
Natasha wanted to instinctively say no but the more she considered it the more she realized that that wasn't a bad idea. "I'll talk it over with the team and then I'll talk it over with her. That's not a no, but it's not a yes either - okay?"
"Because your the son of one of our agents." Phil told him. He gestured for Peter to sit down on the couch in the middle of the room. "She's been looking for you ever since you went missing."
"Hey Nat!" Scott came in through the elevator, waving with Clint on his heels. Clint looked a little drowsy and he bypassed everyone in favor of flopping onto the living room floor and closing his eyes.
There was Tony, his wings snapped out to their full wingspan. In one flap he was already at least ten feet above Steve and blocked out the sun. The only thing Steve could see was the outline of Tony, the parts of the sun that weren't blocked, and Tony's wings.
"Yeah," Peter's noise of agreement was breathless and she could tell that he was coming down from crying softly. "That's - that's okay. Thank you,"
"So while you went out and looked for Peter, you ran into a gang?" Natasha inquired once everyone had started eating.
"It was nice seeing you Peter," he smiled lavishly and Peter smiled back and nodded, seeing Harley flush in shock in the corner of his eye.
He stomped over to Stark. "You better have a way to solve the quantum theory I had almost finished!" he accused.
As Killian got another dose ready, everyone stayed silent. Nobody moved and Steve looked at Peter's still wings in sick fascination. They were never still. And seeming them like that was horrible. It was awful.
At first, Tony was that little annoying brother that showed up to things unannounced. He acted that way to and Steve never thought he would care for him more than that.
But he stuck close to the car, worrying his bottom lip between his teeth and watching the others scan the area. He hoped they didn't notice his fear - or at the very least his hesitation - as he leaned against the car, forcing himself to look relaxed.
Peter had been working on his two ais for a while and was just now starting to install Karen into his suit when May and Natasha came by.
The other was a man named Falcon. He was an army para-rescue. Apparently a high tech one as well because he had metal wings. He had been working with someone and was known as the Falcon in his neighborhood when he saw the Avengers and figured they could use some help.
"Peter's a capable kid," May continued. "He knows how to take care of himself but with this...the thought of losing him again...after everything...I know - I
"Yeah." Harry smiled. "And let me know how that spider bite goes." He waved and then left with the tour guide. Peter blinked, realizing that he hadn't gotten Harry's number and had no idea if he would see Harry again.
He glanced at his spider bit which was all puffed up and red. Lighting blue veins trailed from it and he sighed. He tried looking up different spider bites but this was clearly something different. He found an email to Mr. Osborn to try and get Harry's phone number.
"T - Dad?" Peter called. The name sounded smoother on his lips then he would have though and apparently Tony was surprised to because he stepped out from behind a wall of numbers and symbols.
Clint and Bucky came along with Steve and Natasha. Phil had called and said that if she wanted to see May she would have to come by now.
Natasha smirked. "I guess your right, huh?" She looked over at Mr. Stark. "So, I'm assuming that we're going to start the progress of you living here, which means Peter will need a room."
He brought out his permission slip and skidded to a halt after MJ and Ned who were at the end of the line.
"Please come with us ma'am," one of the security guard said, ignoring her plea. Peter froze on the spot as the door was forced close and May had started to raise her voice in protest.
"Hey, no, Peter it's okay." Ned shook his head, smiling. "I get it. That's an old friend and you wanted to catch up. It's okay. Promise."
Tony just kept yowling and pawing at Steve's feet. Steve, annoyed now, bent down and picked Tony up from the ground and Tony's yowling came to a stuttering stop. Steve held him for a moment and Tony decided this was good enough as he stopped talking and just settled in.
For some fuckin' reason I got into Sinbad Legend of the Seven Seas again just before writing this chapter so Peter's second favorite movie is Sinbad. First is obviously Star Wars a New Hope duh
"What? I was just wondering what Peter told that intern what he would be willing to suck for money -"
dads," he gestured to Captain America and Tony. Cap looked surprised for a moment as Peter continued. "This is a total upgrade and probably the best day of my entire life!"
"You shouldn't say things like that," Steve blurted. He figure out where the accent came from and understood most of the words. The kid raised his eyebrows. "You called Artie a little piece of..." Steve swallowed. That was a word that he could get soap in his mouth for.
Also, by the way, dont think that because I dont reply to your comment it means I have seen it or read it. I do read like all of them, but I dont reply to every single one because some times you guys just post 'yessss' or smiley face. Which I love cus it tells me you guys are liking the fic but...there's no way to really respond to that if you know what I mean? XD
"Thor, how do we end this guy?!" Steve yelled. He glanced to his side to see Natasha dropping off the side of the building the four of them were trapped on to gracefully meet up with Tony.
"Are you okay?" Wanda whispered to Peter. Everyone turned to him. He was lying on the floor when he looked up at Tony.
"I didn't realize someone like you could be sooo hard of hearing," the kid rolled his eyes and since he wasn't beating Steve up, Steve could hear this slight accent in his words. "
There was a tense silence as they let what they just said sink in. Tony looked confused and panicked. Steve meanwhile was thinking about what he said and realized it was true.
Thor didn't listen or didn't hear because he kept racing after Tony who was racing farther and farther away.
And then he realized that she wanted a hug. Bewildered beyond belief, Peter shrugged and scooted forward on the couch and tried not to flinch in surprise when Black Widow surged forward and pulled him into a tight hug.
"Yep, just down that way hon," the woman pointed and Peter nodded, walking over to where she pointed. He shuffled, looking into the glass room and the door opened for him.
He shook his head and felt his mouth dry up as he tried to blink the bleariness out of his eyes. Once they were mostly clear, he glanced around, trying to figure out where he was. His surroundings were swamped with darkness and it was like a typical crime movie where there was one light hanging down on him.
"To be honest, I think you're being a little too reasonable Tash," Clint twirled an arrow in his hands, swinging his legs.
Tony blinked. "Oh. Um. Upgrading your suit. And maybe making a room where that sensory overload thing won't be that bad."
Peter smiled gratefully and then turned on his heel and sprinted to the stairs, taking two at a time. He slung his backpack over his shoulder and headed towards the school where the field trip bus was.
"You gave me a key Stark." she rolled her eyes. Carol came to the Avengers after Nick Fury introduced them after the fight or rather misunderstanding with the Skrulls.
"We did say that we would take the stealth route," Black Widow was suddenly in Harley's garage along with Captain America and White Wolf.
Tony startled and his wings snapped out, knocking the table back next to him. Steve felt his wings tremor but somehow he knew that they had
Peter was about to say something else when the door opened and out stepped Natasha and Tony. "Uh. Hey! This is Ha -"
Obadiah Stane, Tony Stark's other mentor besides Jarvis sent him to Afghanistan to get kidnapped. To get killed.
"That was quite the party," Scott continued, cheerfully. "I could almost see it all the way over in Vermont!"
Steve smiled. "Hello lovely," and he pecked Tony's lips before flipping to another reality TV show. Tony muttered something and then laid down.
"That really truly means a lot," she breathed, beaming. Natasha gave a small smile back before standing and leaving, pausing at the door.
"- has a folder on her dead son, I can't help but sneak a peak," Tony finished. Natasha's jaw tightened. "Tash. Listen for a second okay? We're both shit at talking at our feelings so I'm not going to pretend about this but I'm going to do my best. He's dead okay? There's no way - there's just no way. You and I both know that,"
Peter and Harley both got the same - as usual. A chocolate malt with an inch of whip cream and a strawberry on top. Peter hadn't eaten at
Natasha searched through the cupboards before bringing out a can of tuna and a bowl. She set the bowl down and Tony hopped up, sniffing it before recoiling away as Natasha dumped the whole can into the bowl. She tapped it and then tossed it.
He ran away to an orphanage and stumbled inside (of course) finding a friend. The friend was about a year younger than Peter, who is sixteen and his name was Harley Keener. Harley let Peter into the garage beneath the orphanage.
"Do you losers want some pizza and Starbucks?" MJ asked behind them and they turned to see her holding a cheese pizza and three Starbuck shake things.
"And your 'parents' gave you a defect because their eyes were..." the venom and bitterness in her voice was clear as day and Peter shifted a little.
"The only way to get true answers is to find them," Steve nodded. "The quest is how do we do that though."
!-old friend I guess named Aldrich Killian came and tried to join my weapons manufacture through Pepper-
The man at the desk smiled. "Hello. Now that you're here we can get started." The man stood and gestured for May to stand as well. Then he began to leave the room and Peter looked at May, bewildered. May clutched his shoulder and the two men behind them ushered them after the other three.
She ducked inside and immediately started dashing towards the red blip that JARVIS had pinged. People started shooting at her but she either ignored them or shot back, killing them almost instantly. She ducked and slid while the rest of the ground team covered for her.
"Well," Bruce shrugged. "Get good. Or you'll lose him for good." Natasha stiffened and her throat closed at the thought.
"Steve and Tony will go talk to the manager," Black Widow instructed, nodding to both of them who obediently left. "And you two will follow me out to where Bucky is." Peter didn't hesitate but Harley did until Black Widow gave him a reassuring look.
"And I'm sorry," Natasha added. "I'm sorry for disregarding your feelings towards the situation. I'm sorry for being so focused on you being here and not...not you..."
"Just thinking about how it's going to go with May," she sighed and Steve nodded. They lulled in to silence with not much else to say.
"What?!" Peter squawked and tried to leave but then Harry closed the door. He turned on a light and blue and red lighting filled the room. Around us were lined tables with multiple cages. There was one spider per tank and they were all sorts of weird illuminated colors.
It made sense in a way. That she had been given something to allow her to get pregnant. If she even tried to think back on the day that she met Tony and got pregnant, it was all blurry.
"I promise you won't regret it Pete," Harry told him and dragged him away from the group and down some stairs to what looked like a private lab area.
"Why did you leave? I thought you said you were -" Natasha started, demanding answers with a burning look in her eyes.
"Exactly what I meant," Peter gave a small yawn, wiping off some of the dust on his shorts. It was going to be a long Monday.
"You're right about that," Pepper nodded. "But just do your best," she smiled again and left, waving to Natasha who waved back.
PS I have 7/15 chapters complete. I am working on chapter 8. Y'all have literally inspired me once again to sit down and just write out the last few chapters so here we go!
"Another week of this?" Clint moaned. Tony meowed back, yapping at him distastefully. Clint stuck his tongue out at Tony and Tony lunged at him. Steve was able to catch Tony's waist and yank him back before anything could happen.
"...and this is Harry. He's my intern and is going to hang out with us today to see what it's like it. Ready guys?" Peter missed the man's name but looked at the intern and squinted a little. Was that...?
"And I have an IQ of 245," Harley snapped. "Don't pull that crap on me-look at what you did!" Tony looked incredulous.
She closed the file and gave him a sly smirk. "I know. That's why I thought I wouldn't see you up here,"
"Wow, thank you MJ!" Peter smiled and took a slice and one of the shakes. "I'll pay you back, promise!"
Peter himself was on this bed, criss-crossing his legs and was looking down. Natasha considered her options and then considered which were best. Deciding that going to sit at the foot of Peter's bed was the best, she gently walked over and lightly sat down. "Peter?"
"May Parker is suspected of being an accomplice of kidnapping you when you were three years old," Phil continued. "We've taken her into questioning to see if she knew and why she wouldn't turn you in."
Tony built Iron Man Mark One. As he made Mark 1, his wing slowly regret and as more blue, red, and white feathers fell off they were replaced by bright gold, red, and orange feathers.
Black Widow regarded him for a moment, the first time that there might be a disconnect between them. "I'll send the message to Phil. For now, I want to learn a little more about you,"
and talked along the way. Harley had moved back here for an internship with surprisingly Stark Industries. His mom had stayed in Tennessee so Harley was living with his grandparents in New York.
Killian sighed. "Well that was disappointing. Throw him." A guard came and dragged Tony's body out the cargo door and everyone simultaneously remembered that they were in the plane and the plane was in the air.
There were people yelling at him, trying to take a picture as flashes surrounded him. Peter couldn't breathe - he couldn't move -
Fury then told Steve that Spider-Man's identity would be kept secret from the public and SHIELD. Steve asked why and Fury replied with the fact that Spider-Man wanted it that way. Fury left and Steve expected Spider-Man to take off his mask. Instead, he whispered something to Tony and they both left the room.
"It'll be fine man!" Harry shrugged Peter's concerns off and opened the door. "You like spiders right?"
Harley shrugged. He glanced at Peter's wings while the young man laughed. Peter's wings were sporadic. They would flap really fast sometimes but other times, most of the time, they would just stop. They'd go really still. Initially, Harley had thought they might've been insect wings. But when they went really fast, he realized that they were hummingbird wings. Harley decided not to ask, remembering that hummingbird wings only stopped moving when they suffered trauma.
Harley made the bed and then went to his own bunk bed, a few feet from where Peter was lying down. They talked a bit before falling asleep and Harley was pretty happy about it. He told Peter a lot about his life at the orphanage-how he never got adopted and how he ended up here in the first place.
Peter scarfed down the doughnut and double and then triple checked that he had his phone. He jumped off the subway and then paused. He turned around and pulled out a few quarters. "Sorry Mr. Micheals, I almost forgot,"
"We're not feeding him dodgy cat food," Natasha rolled her eyes and stood, walking over to the kitchen. Tony followed her, letting out a sound of interest.
"Um," Steve titled his head to look at Tony and was surprised when Tony titled his head back. "I guess we have a cat."
"Mr. Delmar's," Peter piped up. He felt a low purring noise and fur against his feet and he grinned, leaning down to scratch Goose's chin. Carol had dropped off her cat a few weeks ago, claiming that the cat didn't want to be around Nick Fury anymore. Goose quickly grew fond of Peter and licked his chin, face, fingers, and hair, while also nuzzling his clothing and under his chin.
"Where have you been?" Natasha demanded and May looked less angry than Natasha sounded but Peter learned quickly that Natasha was more so concerned than angry.
Steve turned and saw that Peter's wings had stumbled, causing him in turn to stumble as well. He shot up and glanced at Steve, worriedly. Steve moved his head slightly to pretend he didn't see and Peter ran away. Steve sighed and stared at the TV. Bruce said that Peter's wings would never fully heal.
"It won't be that way forever," Natasha said softly, reaching over to gently squeeze his wrist. Bucky nodded lightly but looked out the window and didn't speak for the rest of the trip.
Harley suddenly cracked a joke and Peter snorted and started to laugh so hard his sides hurt. And Harley chose that moment to kiss his cheek.
"I second that," Clint called, fiddling with the rope on his bow. Natasha looked over at them, before turning to the opening door. Phil came in and Natasha talked before he even could.
The Avengers were back at the tower and Bruce shooed all of them away from Peter except for Tony. He couldn't get rid of Tony though because every time he tried, Tony's skin would glow like lava and his twenty-four feet wings snapped open and hovered threateningly, protecting Peter and scaring Bruce's wings (Tony said he couldn't control what his wings did and he felt really bad because everytime his wings did that, everyone else's would cower and wilt).
Peter made a noise but he nuzzled his face closer to her collarbone and neck. Natasha turned to the others who all looked at each other and nodded. They knew that Spidey wasn't joining the Avengers any time soon and well, Tony would keep his promise on the gang.
Peter smiled a little and Harry looked at him, an almost smile on his face. And then Mr. Osborn was ther, a firm hand on Harry's shoulder and he was turning the teenager away. Harry didn't look back again as they left.
Phil paused. "Good point. I'm Agent Coulson of Shield - Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement and Logistics Division. I work with Nick Fury and the Avengers and they asked me to go and get you and detain your aunt because you were pinged yesterday."
He tried to subtly tell them to go away and he winced a little when they left. They were just trying to protect him and they didn't know about Spider-Man but still. Peter couldn't help but feel somewhat betrayed by both of them.
Tony didn't show his wings and now, since he has, he must think Steve wants him gone. Why? His wings were too threatening, he lied to the team, he lied to Steve-Tony must think there's a hundred different reasons why Steve would want him gone.
take him on as many dates as much as he could. Because he loved Tony when he wasn't being an ass around everyone else.
"We need to find the gang," Natasha spoke up, interrupting whatever monologue May had been talking about.
He whooped, the wind flowing through his face and he grinned, closing his eyes and using his spider sense to navigate him around.
"Tony I'll be back okay?" Steve told the cat, as Tony sat down just outside the elevator. Tony started forward but Steve held out his hand. "No. Stay."
The day went by pretty smoothly and MJ had to keep flicking his ear to get him to wake up. Peter only had to go to one class after lunch but as soon as he sat down, the intercom crackled to life, "Peter Parker please come to the office, Peter Parker to the office, thank you,"
"Well, I was too for my first date, but I'm sure it'll go swimmingly." She smiled and kissed his cheek again. "Come on, I think Sam is making something in the kitchen."
Natasha went quiet for a moment. "It's been twelve years since Peter disappeared. Thirteen exactly by tomorrow."
"I mean-" Steve stumbled and both broke into laughter. Steve went red and waited for them to finish, grumbling.
Since then, the two hadn't gotten together or anything - Tony had been swept up by Steve Rogers and Natasha had drunkenly flirted her way into a relationship with Virginia "Pepper" Potts - but they stuck close together like siblings. Her relationship with Tony became just about as strong as her relationship with Clint. It was the two most strongest relationships she had her life, and definitely the strongest within the Avengers team. Those were the two people she trusted her life with.
"Oh just the fact that the gang had killed Peter's adopted parents and uncle," Bucky got quieter as he went along and stuffed his mouth full of bacon at the end while everyone else at the table went quiet.
"That's the law Natasha." Phil replied firmly. "We can sort that paperwork out later but she has asked to see Peter and since she still has legal rights to him, there's no way we can legally keep her detained for this long."
Julian smirked. "You're a lot braver that I thought. Too bad we're going to have to get rid of you," Julian gave an exaggerated sigh. "You've had too much time to build up free will. And it looks like we won't be able to get you where we want you." Julian stood and walked over to Peter, looking him over. "I was really looking forward to taking over the world." he suddenly had a gun in his hand and was raising it to Peter's face.
"You didn't do anything wrong." Steve told him. "You didn't like you wings so you hide them. It's okay."
Tony shut down the weapons system in Stark Industries with the help of Pepper who came up with a new way to make money.
"That-that's really not how it works, but okay..." Harley replied weakly, surprised and touched that Peter would care that much about a stranger.
Steve also found that he kept on staring at Tony whenever he was in the room. Tony would avoid him as much as possible and Natalia would tease him, saying that he likes Tony. Steve would go red and shake his head.
Natasha made a noise of affirmation as she turned. "So, everyone know the plan?" The other four nodded at her and she turned around. "Alright then. Let's go get him." she hopped up and the other four followed behind her as they darted down the grassy hill and towards the warehouse. It was dark out and Natasha looked up to see Wanda and Sam flying over to the roof and landing up there.
Peter's hackles raised and he started climbing farther up. "Yeah, listen, next time you wanna talk - call me. Or maybe we figure out a day or something but today -
May dropped him off and Natasha gruffly thank ed her. May nodded and left while Peter stomped towards his room.
you might be the only person that can get her -" Peter looked around frantically and then looked at Black Widow. "Please. She would
"I can't keep them apart." Natasha shook her head. "If I want to be something positive in Peter's life, I can't keep them apart. There's just no way." Tony gave a discouraged sigh but nodded.
"Like me?" Peter shifted so he was sticking to his side and shifted his head. "You - you do things like me?"
"T'Challa told us that we're invited to his coronation," Pietro piped up. The Avengers looked at him and Carol Danvers appeared, coming by his side.
Somewhat because Steve had started to miss Tony's voice. And his random babbling about things Steve didn't understand. And the occasional explosion from the lab that would have Steve running to figure out what happened.
"Nope," Peter shook his head, telling Harley the truth and throwing the flower part of the strawberry into the nearby trash bin. "Have you?"
And when they were through with talking and they couldn't think of anything else, they fell asleep. And woke up pretty early.
"You haven't said a single thing to me today, and that's the question you ask?" Peter raised his eyebrows and Ned floundered. "Ah, never mind."
"Yeah I'm good," Peter nodded. Peter had told Harley a few weeks ago that he was the son of Natasha and Tony but it had only been a few days since the press incident. Peter had seen the conference that Pepper held and oof, that woman could be scary.
"It was honestly the greatest day of my life," Natasha confessed. "You were a fluke. You were something that wasn't supposed to happen - something - someone who wasn't supposed to exist. And when you were - when you were taken." Natasha's mouth dried. "I thought I lost you forever."
"Wanda and Clint are dealing with that." Steve called up. The two new recruits that they saved from HYDRA, Wanda and Pietro Maximoff, joined their side pretty easily. And it was good too, because both twins were powerful.
"You turned into a cat for a week and a half," Natasha supplied, giving a hand to Tony who took it and stood.
Bucky nodded. "No problem Spidey. I guess I should thank you too seeing as you do the same but...in a larger area." Bucky looked at him for a moment. "Does your friend happen to be a young woman named Michelle?"
"He's your friend." Natalia shot back, opening the door that Fury had lead them too. Her voice went quiet. "You should care too-Bucky!"
Harley pulled up a chicken wrap as the young man slowly turned around to face Harley. The young man froze, eyes wide.
"Peter," Natasha tried as her son stomped up the steps and left them all behind. She turned away, sighing a little.
Steve shook his head and looked around. He found both Strange and Wong working on a portal hopefully to home. Bruce was leaning on Thor and Thor was hugging Loki who didn't look like he was complaining. In fact, he was leaning into Thor, looking scared and shaken.
Peter laid on his bed later that night, painfully aware of the conversation between May and the doctor. He could hear every word in crisp english even with ear muffs on to muffle everything.
His hands instinctively reached out and grabbed an arrow as he landed against a building a few feet away. Peter stared at the arrow, knowing that it came from Hawkeye who was hiding somewhere.
Harry winced. "Uh. Yeah. Don't tell anyone though. I got back from boarding school about a month ago and the public doesn't really know what I look like."
Natasha went silent and stopped as Clint headed through the garage and towards the entrance. "I know."
This will be cross-posted to my Wattpad once I finish the book and it's completely published. (The Wattpad version will have a graphic cover and graphic breaks. AO3 isn't great at having photos that stick around in the work so that's why.
He gently scratched Tony's ear and Tony titled his head for better access before opening his eyes and yawning widely. The feline stood, stretching. He leaned backwards like a cat would and shuddered slightly before twitching his nose and jumping off the bed, tail held high.
"Peter!" Ned rushed over to where Harry and Peter had been rushing to catch up to the group. The tour was starting to end and the tour guide was actually wrapping everything up. "Where have you
Peter swayed on his feet, the spitting anger leaving his body again. "Oh - oh god. Oh god - Bucky - they - they knew - and - and they wanted to
The Black Widow's eyes were twinkling with soft admiration and maybe, love? "You know quite a lot, huh?"
Peter just smiled at her and looked back over at the TV. Natasha shifted, glancing at him and then at the elevator. Her eyes trailed over to where Bucky was and he was giving her a pointed look. She sighed and looked back at Peter who was watching Disney XD with rapt attention.
They settled into a routine. It was pretty easy for everyone else considering Tony cat at this part only stayed near Steve. He would weave around Steve's legs and feet and Steve got pretty good at catching himself and not falling and tripping.
Killian ignored her as Peter was dragged out in front of him. Peter whimpered, struggling as his wings beat as fast as they could. They fluttered around him and Peter seemed to be freaking out.
"That's what you get for sneaking up on him and you, don't apologize." Natasha ordered. "Clint deserved it."
Wanting to get out and clear his head, Peter left the apartment and began to walk around the neighboring park. Peter winced and started feeling weird again. It's as if his senses were dialed up to eleven and he could sense everything to the minute detail.
Peter sniffed, sobs starting to overwhelm him as Bucky lifted him again and carried him to a safer spot.
Peter turned to see Harry, standing a few feet away. He was staring at Flash, a mix of shock, confusion, and rising anger on his face. "Who the fuck are you?"
Peter turned around and grinned when he saw Harley waving at him from the sidewalk a few steps away. "Hey Harley. How are you?"
"You - you were -" Peter's eyes widened as he started to remember with startling accuracy the night Ben died. The men - and woman - that Ben had met that night. The way she brought out her gun. "You - the wharf -"
Fifteen minutes later and they were at the cafe area. Harry had to leave to go back to the tour guide and Ned launched into a conversation with Peter on Harry after that. Peter could detect a hint of bitterness in Ned's voice and he started to feel a little guilty, realizing he spent the last thirty minutes talking to Harry.
also I love comments makes me feel like km doing something good but kudos is just as amazing Iove yous <3
She disappeared in the fray and Bucky was distraught as he tired to hard to find her. Steve felt like he was breaking Bucky's heart when he told him that they probably took her.
"Yeah, it was nice seeing you again too Harry," Peter responded, realizing that Harry had wanted a reply. Harry smiled, nodded curtly, shot a glare back to Harley, and then turned on his heels and left.
"Liked me better as a cat?" Tony finished and Steve's mouth dropped a little, looking a little scandalized.
He crawled across the top, waiting for a moment and wondering if the man was around here somewhere. Deciding to leap down, Peter crouched low and landed. He wandered to the middle, looking around and waiting.
But currently, it was New Year's Eve and Natasha was looking at her file on Peter. She had been searching the internet non-stop for 12 years now, going on 13, and she wasn't about to stop.
"This is an orphanage right?" he asked. Harley nodded. "And you hate it. So, why don't you come home with me?" Harley stared.
After school, Peter found a limo with Tony's bodyguard Happy Hogan next to it. He yelped a bit and dragged MJ and Ned out the back entrance. They didn't question him, just walked with him to Central New York and Central Park. They walked around Peter breathed in the fresh hair, feeling happier.
"I'm going to hop up to get a better vantage point," Peter whispered and turned to crawl up the wall and he saw Bucky reach out and then hesitate. Peter smiled. "Buck, it's fine. Promise I won't engage."
"You're like a chihuahua with anger issues," Bucky told him one day, after Steve came home from trying again. Steve, Bucky, and Natalia all lived in the same apartment which was pretty close to where Bucky would be deported if need be. He was still on call-for the 107th division-but the war hadn't needed him yet.
Harley entered the lunchroom to grab a few chicken wraps for his lunch. He looked around before ducking out and heading to the garage. Macy, the kitchen lady, was yelling at some of the other kids when he left. Harley never sat in the kitchen area. It was too loud and filled with little kids.
Steve found out that he was fifteen and that his name was Peter Parker. Peter was pretty much an A-plus student and hardly had to lift a finger to do good in school.
Bucky looked at her and then nodded. "Good." He turned and walked after Clint, leaving the door slightly open for her.
Tony had introduced him to JARVIS and FRIDAY the other day when they had been designing Peter's room.
"Yo Penis!" Flash called, strolling over to the trio. "What were doing with that intern? Harassing him for money like you usually do with any person?"
They filed into the car and Tony slid into the back back seat by himself. Steve sat up front, next to Natasha and Bruce, Clint, and Thor sat in front of Tony.
"We made you kid," the man scoffed. He started walking away. "If you want answers, meet me here in 24 hours." and then we was gone.
Tony had gone to get ice cream, then came back and Steve turned to a different page as Tony laid his head in Steve's lap.
"Eventually," Natasha assured him. "You're legally my child now but I promised her that we'd fine times for you two to visit." She didn't miss the disapproving frown that came from Tony while Peter beamed.
"Yes," she smiled at him and Peter re countered the moments when he ran into Harry and Harley again. May looked happy that he was spending time with them again - he could tell that May missed those two and felt bad that Peter had to make new friends.
"Yep, world famous cheeseburgers for moi," Tony made a yummy sound. "By the way Harley, if you want to stay, feel free too."
"Yeah," Natasha looked over at the twins. "And it might be nice considering you two are pretty close in age to him." Pietro and Wanda looked at here and then each other.
The air crackled and fizzled for a moment which was usual when JARVIS turned FRIDAY's voice capabilities on.
It was something that Howard would punish him for, pushing him, shoving him, beating him, yelling at him, and hitting him.
Natasha's ears rang a little, wondering how she was going to talk to Peter. That always seemed to be a problem, how does she talk to her son?
Phil frowned for a brief second before sighing and pointing at Peter. Black Widow whirled and Peter shrank a bit, slightly scared at the amount of anger that was radiating off of her.
"I mean," Bucky swallowed. "The gang itself apparently wanted to create Peter. And apparently they planned on creating an army of him."
The walk back was mostly silent but Peter noticed that they were walking closer than before and he decided to grab Harley's hand for the last half of the walk. Harley looked really happy at that Peter smiled as well.
Harley slammed his locker shut and put his earbuds in as the younger kids of Saint Anne-Marie's Orphanage ran ahead. Harley was now the oldest since Bellaruse left. Bel was nice but she was often an ass to the younger kids and staff members. She hated this place. It's why she ditched this place as soon as she turned sixteen.
Bucky watched him carefully even though he was still dazed. He told Bucky how to clean the arm and that it was important that he kept up with the upkeep.
"Natasha!" the door burst open with Tony running inside. "Oh thank god you found him - we gotta go! Sam's rigged the place to blow and Wanda is waiting with the trigger."
"Except the kid's a genius and he isn't going to fall for any of that," Tony pointed out. Clint rolled his eyes.
There was a flash in the corner of his eye and he realized that someone had talent he last of the serum. Steve called out and Erskine turned to the man.
"Apparently he's my personal bodyguard now," Steve grumped. "Any news from Thor?" Steve added before Clint could say some sort of joke.
"You suck," Peter spat out, glaring. Killian rolled his eyes and gestured to one of the guards who quickly gagged Peter.
"Maybe he knows how to reach the gang," Pepper suggested. She looked at her wrist watch and kissed Natasha's cheek. "I'm so sorry but work is calling me. I love you,"
Steve went back to scribbling, not knowing what to do next when Tony rounded the bed and came into his view. "What do you think about getting a cat?"
Peter crossed his arms. He was frowning slightly at Harley but still looked a little pissed that Harley assumed he was a mugger or something. "Your
"Uh-huh," Harley harrumphed, rolling his eyes. "That's what she said," he walked over to the table that was turned over last night and picked it up. He pilled the other chicken wraps onto it and started eating his own. He leaned on the table, munching mindlessly.
He was forced in a cave, his chest blown out, and pain everywhere around him. He couldn't see or hear and all he could feel was the pain in his chest. He faintly heard screams and it took him a moment to realize that it was him.
They arrived at the Tower and when they got out of the car, Bucky turned to her. "You're going to have to let May and Peter see each other soon."
When she was younger, Natasha wanted to be a mother and when she had that one time thing with Stark, she was utterly shocked when she came out pregnant, seeing as she was sure that the Red Room had blocked out anyway that she possibly could get pregnant.
Steve looked at Tony. Tony's wings had settled back down and his body heat was Donne as well. Extremis seemed to have dissipated after Tony grabbed the gauntlet. At least, that's what Seve guessed.
MJ gave him a skeptical look. "Okay. Don't forget your english homework again dork," and she closed the window.
Pepper looked down, breathing in deeply. "On the book, I can't say. Off the book-he hates them." She looked up. "He loved his old wings-red, white, and blue-he adored them."
"A borked 4.0 and a genuine 35 on the ACT," Harry said the last part proudly. Peter couldn't help himself when he hooted and raised his hand for a high-five. Harry grinned and high-fived back.
"Sure thing Pete," Harley winked and Peter went slightly pink but handed Harley his phone. Harley scrolled through and added a contact before giving one last hug. "It was really nice to see you - text me as soon as you can, okay?"
Tony sat back, swallowing as they drove away from the street. He looked out the window and found himself smiling.
"He's traumatized enough," Sam rolled his eyes, his voice having a venomous bite to it. "We don't do that to him."
The kid sighed. "I said back off." Faster than Steve could see, the kid was suddenly right up in Artie's face, giving him a look that if looks could kill, Artie would be a pile of ash. "Got it?"
"Actually," Steve cut it and then went a bit red. "Ah...I missed that." he looked back to his sketch and started to mindlessly trace the drawing lines while he let that settle in.
"I thought it looked amazing." Natasha praised and Peter preened, grinning. Natasha went silent for a moment. "Peter...we visited May." Peter's smile vanished and he stared at her.
"So many questions, so little time," Peter sighed. "I'm Peter Parker-I'm Spider-Man don't tell anyone-I'm from New York, Queens specifically but I don't know where I'm going to go now because my aunt is dead and I really don't want to go to an orphanage or something."
"Maybe for you," Peter muttered. He glanced at Harry who was twirling the keys and looking at the spider. "But that was
Steve tried to pull down his bonds but Killian clicked at him. "Ah-ah-ah. I wouldn't do that. Those are vibranium-stolen from Klau himself."
Natasha sat at the island, watching them cook as she twitched her lips around, wondering what was going to happen. She knew that May was nice and she was grateful for everything and on some level Natasha figured that if she put the past to the side and worked on getting to know May, the both of them would actually have a pretty good time getting along.
"So what's the plan?" Sam asked. "For keeping Peter here? Because obviously that's not going to happen efficiently."
MJ looked like she was mulling it over while Ned whipped out his phone and started texting. MJ looked over at him incredulously. "Seriously? You're going to
"Here," Natasha took the vial and poured out some salmon and added the vial. She set the bowl down and Tony wandered up to it, eating immediately. "See?"
After the shock wore off and when the Avengers caught their bearings, they asked Spider-Man some questions.
Also, please warn me of any extra tags I need to make because this is a bit smut-y ish. Ish, because there isn't any real smut in it but it does have like, smut-like flirting.
Wanda and Pietro had come within only a year or two and this was the first New Year's party they had ever been to.
Peter stared at the text in shock. He fumbled with what to say while Harley texted something else - something along the lines of
To be completely honest, Peter wasn't 100% impressed. He met Mr. Osborn and his son a while ago in elementary school. Harry Osborn and Harley Keener were his very first best friends. Then, after fourth grade, Harry was shipped to boarding school and Harley moved to Tennessee and in fifth grade, Peter met MJ and Ned.
"Mr. Parker?" a voice came from inside and Peter peeked his head in to see May and a man sitting at the desk and there were two men behind him and two men next to the door.
(Tony built him a room in the bottom of the tower. It was fitted to everything Loki wanted and helped his white dove wings that spanned at least ten feet stretch out. Tony also made sure that he couldn't escape.)
She walked over to the elevator and rode it up and when she stepped out she found that everyone was eating all over the place. Sam and Bucky were in the kitchen, chewing. Clint and the twins were eating underneath the TV and in front of the couch on the floor. Pietro and Peter were actually chatting and Peter himself was sitting on the couch.
"Yeah but Sam is a professional cook," Bucky mocked and Sam slapped his head. Bucky just laughed and Sam muttered something before resuming his cooking.
Peter turned to Steve, mouth slowly opening because he knew what was going to happen. He turned back around to look at Natasha who was staring at Steve, going white in the face.
The fifteen year old was sprinting off of the subway and using some of his enhanced senses to fly towards the school. He looked around from a moment and then hopped the fifteen foot fence to get into the back of the school.
"So apparently I was kidnapped when I was three years old. And apparently Nat - Black Widow gave birth to me and apparently she was pregnant because of Tony - erm, Iron Man," Peter tried to explain. "And then - remember the police thing we did last Tuesday? Apparently the system pinged me as theirs."
"Peter?" She called. "I'm coming in," she pushed the door open and looked around. Remembering that Peter's bed was on the top, she walked over to the spiral staircase and headed upstairs, pausing after she reached the top.
Zola said they had every HYDRA base except one. That night, Steve and the Commandos broke in, driving Schmidt to his ship. Steve followed but lost the ship.
"My friends!" Thor grinned, landing and clapping Bruce on the shoulder who padded his arm, wincing slightly. "I have the cure!"
. (Later, Steve found that the whole team could see the wings and they seemed to look to him as the leader. Which Steve guessed would make sense. He was considered to be the first Avenger. That's what the team was called-the Avengers.)
"We got to Tony and he was kidnapped by AIM." Natalia debriefed. "We parked the quinjet in the air and jumped onto the AIM plan but we were expected and imprisoned. Killian broke Peter's cheekbone and threw Tony off the side of the plane. Then Tony came back with wings and killed everyone with them."
"Tony and I had one night together," She told him truthfully. "We never intended to get together, let alone be parents." She went quiet for a moment. "Truth be told, I wasn't supposed to have you. But I always wanted to be a mother and when you were taken..." she trailed off but Peter got it. She didn't need to say anything more.
Tony gets ready for bed, and then he grabs another cup of coffee and goes to work. The light in the corner is red.
He goes back to his tiny apartment and throws the sketchbook down onto his bedside table, and then he gets the well-worn drawing out of his pocket. He knows the shapes and colors so well by now that he could probably retrace them stroke for stroke if he wanted. Steve wonders if the girl could have known just how powerful it would be for him, or if she was just doing the best she could. It was sweet of her, either way.
“I’m sorry sir, to whom are you referring?” Jarvis asked, and Steve winced again and gave up on trying to put a good face on it.
, he says, as if no one has ever manipulated Tony into doing something he didn’t want to before—but if Tony’s quiet and careful not to get caught, the committee might be willing to listen, to let him help people. He has to try.
Tony rolled them both over, laying Steve flat on his back and crouching above him, and Steve groaned with relief as his knee relaxed and the sick pressure gave way. The light threw the deep red of Tony’s shirt into sharp relief against his flushed throat, showed the places where he was glistening and beginning to soak through it with sweat. A little jolt of self-satisfaction went through Steve. He was good. He could keep going.
Tony Stark has made a lot of intelligent programming in his time. There are the basic versions, only there to help him work through calculations, and the more complex creations that help him run his armors. There are the digital imitations of his friends—like PEPPER, and QUILL. He knows his way around AI technology by now, backwards and forwards, inside and out.
For a long moment, Steve and Tony just looked at each other across the threshold of Steve’s dorm room like it was an interminable gulf and not just a few feet of space. Then Tony sighed, and the sound was so weary, so wrong coming from Tony who was always full energy, that Steve gave in instantly.
"What are you talking about?" Natasha also asked, twisting to look over at Clint. She was hanging upside down in a entanglement of wires and computer lines with a SD card in between her teeth as she messed around with the lines to get the intel.
Tony kept sneaking into Steve's room at night to wake him up from a nightmare and then sleep with him. Eventually, Steve just stopped not letting Tony in and just let Tony sleep with him. He wasn't sure if it was because Tony was a cat or he was just Tony but Steve had started sleeping longer and with less nightmares.
On some level, he understood why Natasha was so protective and why she didn't want him going out. She didn't know that Peter was Spider-Man either so she didn't know he could protect himself.
"Let's hurry up before we miss the group," Peter gestured. MJ dragged Ned ahead of Harry and Peter as they ran after their class.
Yinsen died in the process of escaping (he had a family to go back to-Tony Stark had nothing yet he lived).
Steve would continue to go on his runs but he'd take Tony with him. And he was pleasantly surprised to see Tony running with him. That ended quickly though because after the third day, Tony stopped at a park bench and let Steve keep running. When Steve came back, Tony was surrounded by kids who were all petting him and he was happily purring.
"Also," Bucky butted in, swallowing the last portion of his bacon. "The gang kind of revealed that apparently Richard and Mary found out what Peter was and actually kept him away from the gang."
Natalia practically threw herself at him. He laughed and hugged her back tightly. The man that had been caring for Bucky, took a step back and went to the table behind him.
Steve was sitting down when it happened. Just quietly drawing on the rocks, hoping no one would notice him. Every once and a while he would see another kid getting bullied before a teacher turned their head and the bully would change into this nice ole kid, just prettily asking for whatever he was trying to steal earlier.
For the wedding party, it got a little bit bigger because more friends and family of the Avengers showed up. Some civilians showed up too but they stayed out of the way of other people.
Clint was usually the one who was scratched the most, seeing as Bruce was Tony's next favorite person. But after a couple of days, Steve caught Clint laying on the couch with Tony curled into a ball and sleeping on the man's chest.
"How-how-?" Steve gasped, staggering to his feet. Tony ran over to him and hugged  tightly. He was shaking with energy and a low hum vibrated from his body to Steve's.
Bucky was smooth in his movements as he grabbed the woman's neck and slammed her against the wall to the right. The bald man yelled in surprise and backed up as the other three kicked into high gear and attempted to attack Bucky which was a bad idea.
Harley had his own choice of room though and it was all to himself. He had a feeling it was because he was older but he wasn't one to complain. He gave his room to someone else and took the garage instead. Nobody went in there so it was perfect for him.
Natasha sighed. "And I just hope...if he's alive...that he's safe. And - oh I don't know, happy and alive." She looked over at Pepper, sighing a little. "You know?"
Steve reared when a light exploded from the Gauntlet and hit the planet. When Steve looked back, all that was there was rubble floating in the air.
He closed his eyes and focused on the waves of the wharf. It felt as if the waves were right next to him and he swallowed hard. He picked up his phone and began to search things about spider bites but just got more and more confused.
MJ raised her window, eyebrows raised. "You realize that you just swung 2.5 miles from that wharf to here right? And what are you going to do about heading back to the Tower?" Peter passed the suit and then groaned.
He had a Gauntlet in his hand. It was gold and had six stone in it. According to Strange and Tony, the stones were Infinty Stones; Time, Reality, Space, Power, Mind, and Soul. The Tesseract was the Space Stone and Vision was the Mind Stone.
They folded on each other and hung loosely from his back. They didn't droop and seemed heathly enough. They fluttered slightly and Steve waited to turn just in case he hit something back accident.
"So, I'm just going to bite the bullet and ask how you're doing," Pepper sighed. "I noticed you were missing so I sent Tony up to get you. What'd he say to you?"
"Sir most certainly does not have this." JARVIS's voice came through the comm. Peter unplugged his ears and stared at Clint and Steve, eyes wide.
"You did the right thing," May said quietly, gently reaching out to hold Natasha's hand. Natasha strangely didn't want to move away from her and Pepper hugged her. "Trust me."
"I won't tell," Bucky looked like he might regret that decision but he relented easily. "I promise. Let's just get you cleaned up and then we can head back into the penthouse." Bucky used the pad of his thumb to brush at something - probably blood - on Peter's face but Bucky made a look that seemed like all he had done was smudge it. "We should go. Come on,"
"I don't know, maybe ask your people," MJ scoffed, shooting at Tony who looked like he wanted to get angry but couldn't.
Natasha threw him another glare, flustered and confused as to what to do. When she was this emotionally overwhelmed, she tended to lash out.
Bucky and Clint helped her back into the Audi and Natasha sat in the driver's seat and kept a light grip as Jocasta, another one of Tony's AIs, exclusively her AI in her Audi, drove her home.
"Peter Parker," Peter slowly unwrapped the meal in from of him. He looked a little suspicious about it and Harley didn't blame him. Peter stopped suddenly. "I am
The men next to them were Doctor Strange and Wong. They were wizards apparently. Loki was over by them, looking upset and scared. Next to them were ar least five other aliens. Steve were pretty sure they were called Ebony Maw, Proxima Midnight, Black Dwarf, and Corvus Glaive.
Peter sighed and scanned through tumblr before feeling like he was going to barf again and set down the phone to hover over the toilet.
May's fork clattered to the table and suddenly she was gone, rushing out of her seat and towards supposedly a bathroom. Peter was tempted to follow but saw Clint watch her and then look at Peter. Peter gave him a small pleading look and Clint nodded, following after May.
Peter stumbled backwards before falling flat on his back. His vision began to waver, going in and out as the man stepped over him, smiling. "Just on
Ned nodded enthusiastically as they ducked out of the back of the school and towards MJ's new truck.
"Anyway." Tony grunted, turning and pushing a fallen workbench back up. "What's up?" Tony had cooled down (literally) and started putting stuff back.
"Like what?" Bruce asked, voice a little quiet. He was always a little quiet although if he talked about science the man could go on for hours and it was entirely possible for his voice to get louder as well.
Clint hung his head, knowing that his 'joke' wasn't really a joke when the elevator dinged open and Tony barged through, frowning.
He closed his eyes, breathing in a deep breath just as May knocked and came in. She had tears in her eyes and Peter began to cry too. She huddled him into a hug and they sat there for a moment.
Steve rolled his eyes, smiling. Since their third or fourth date, Tony always acted like a little hyperactive four year old around Steve. And only Steve. He was still a bit of a sarcastic ass around everyone else (except for Harley and Peter).
As soon as they were gone, it was like a cloud lifted and Tony announced, "I don't think I like her."
"Looks like our experiment payed off," a new person - another woman - walked into his vision, smirking while playing with a knife. Peter glared harshly at her.
heads up, there might be a lot of inaccuracies so whoops but eh at the same time I don't really care anymore. anyways, have fun, we're like two chapters away from the end oop
I don't know why, Kid. You'll have to ask someone..." Steve trailed off, words dying in his mouth. The Kid shifted in her chair to look behind her, matching Steve's line of sight. "Hi, Tony."
Steve grunted behind him and kissed the back of his neck, still thrusting, Tony knew he was close, he could tell by the way he was breathing.
“Tell me what you want, babe.” Steve asked, breath now warm over the head of Tony’s twitching dick. Tony watched as Steve watched a bead op pre come well up there, watched as he leaned forward and lapped at it with the flat of his tongue.
“You won’t let him see this right I don’t need him comin’ for me. We ain’t exactly on the best of terms.”
“ I’m not sure, that’s what I’m trying to find out.” She said, uncertain. “This guy, this Bucky guy, he’ll have answers, though. I need you to find him. I’ll pay you whatever you-”
“You’re doing it again,” He said, putting one hand on the base of Stark Tower, leaning over to throw up. She stuck to him like a magnet, but didn’t touch his skin. He finished vomiting, and he took her hand again. They stood outside the tower, looking up at it. Tony was in there. Tony loved him. Had loved him. Tony thought he was dead. It took two and a half years, but Tony, like everyone else, had given up. They’d buried an empty coffin and put his name on a grave stone. Steve knew, because they’d put him in front of a screen and forced him to watch it. He remembered hearing the Kid’s gurgled noises of pain in the next room. He remembered wishing they were forcing him to watch them run their experiments on her rather than what was on the screen in front of him.
He missed the odd distribution of weight in his hands, he missed the solid sounding thud they made when they came in contact with a body, he missed the bright red lines they made when he dragged them across skin,  he even missed the screaming-but that’s only because Steve only used knives on people who deserved it. Child molesters and pimps and rapists, the worst of the worst.
It didn’t take long. Tony watched Steve from the corner of his eye as he moved to the next table. He started to clean, then paused. Tony wished he could see his face. Tony could feel Steve’s eyes on his for a while before he looked up to meet them, a sly smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. He couldn’t help it. Finally looking Steve in the face, Tony realized he was smiling.
“What do you think they’ll do to her? For earlier I mean. There’s got to be consequences-“ Tony stopped talking, movement in the cell in front of them distracting him. The kid was sitting up, looking dead at them.
“It’s a great place down in Hell’s Kitchen. There’s tournaments every now and again. I’ll take you and Tony sometime-now I really gotta go talk to him if you don’t mind, is he busy?”
“You gonna dance?” Tony asked, two shots in. Steve’s mouth did that thing again, where it twitched like he was having a hard time not smiling. It was Tony’s turn to look Steve up and down. He was wearing a button up shirt and shorts-not exactly what Tony would wear to a party but Steve looked good in just about everything. It was entirely unfair.
He looked down at himself for the first time. He was still dressed in singed, bloody clothes. He was starting to become confused. This was proof. What happened had happened. So where was he? Why couldn’t he get an immediate answer from his mother?
When he’s done he more or less collapses onto the floor, pulling Steve down with him, kissing him thoroughly. It’s not as round or dirty as the ones before, but it didn’t need to be. Steve hadn’t even opened his eyes yet.  They just sit like that for a bit, more or less sprawled in a heap on the floor, leaning against the wall and one another, catching their breaths.
“ I think most the credit goes to you, you’re the law guy here. And you agreed to take my case.” Steve said, sitting back and closing his eyes, suddenly exhausted. He would never of been able to afford Tony’s fee, but for some reason he’d reviewed his case and thought it would be good for his firm. Steve owed him everything. He hated that.
Steve looked up at him, and Tony could see pain in his face. He knew it wasn’t from the bruises, he knew that for a fact. This-this time in the military- The Howling Commandos, whatever Steve had called it- it was a bad memory for him. Tony didn’t know what had spurred the conversation on in the first place, but it seemed it was what Steve intended to dinner to be for.
Once he was alone in their bedroom, he shut and locked the door. He grabbed Tony’s bedside tablet and opened it, looking through the notes, and when he didn’t find what he wanted, the history. He didn’t find anything, so he pulled up the search engine and looked through the search history there. He froze when he saw the search for therapists in the area. So that’s what it was. Tony thought there was something wrong with him- he wasn’t wrong, really, Steve had no hard time admitting that. There
“I thought you lost that phone, Romanov.” he replied easily, voice low. He pulled the comforter over the bed, moving to the other side of the mattress to make sure it was placed evenly.
“Sure….I guess I’ll see you when you get back.” Tony sounded sad and disappointed, and if Steve were able, he’d of changed his mind and stayed in for the rest of the night, but honestly, since he’d told Tony about the Commandos and about Bucky, things had been different. Tony treated him like he was somebody to be tiptoed around, like he’d break at any second, and Steve couldn’t handle it.
“If I wanted to kill you I wouldn’t have to do it myself.” Tony responded, voice a low purr as he looked Steve up and down, trying to decide what he wanted to do to him. An odd smile played across Steve’s face as he looked up at Tony. He wasn’t sure what it was. There was something odd in his eyes, something he’d never really seen there before. Tony traced Steve’s muscled cheek with a finger. He was rewarded with a shudder when it passed over a nipple, and that alone made his dick twitch. He looked back up at Steve, gears turning in his head so quickly it was dangerous.
“No-I mean yeah,” Tony stuttered, shifting to sit up fully, feeling more of Steve drip out of him as he did so. “But I also mean like-“ Tony paused, struggling with words, waiting for Steve to fill in the blanks.
in every sense—was a little intimidating, but Steve refused to be daunted, and in the end impatience beat insecurity. The sooner Steve finished with his own pants, the sooner he could get a look at what was under Tony’s.
He doesn’t want to be angry with Bucky, so he shoves the feeling down. He puts it away in a little box, the place he puts everything that’s too big or too awful to deal with. It helps, most of the time. He put his confusion and frustration with the future into that box, and he fought the Chitauri with his team and
“So you’re helping Strange?” Steve said, trying for Tony’s sake to keep up the pretense that this was normal.
Friday just made another sound that was almost a laugh and tossed her head in a way that was both literally and figuratively pointed.
He realized, abruptly, that between sunglasses and armored lenses and the faceplate itself, he hadn’t seen
in fact the Black Widow, of course. It is, of course, someone who looks like her, or the software wouldn’t have pegged it as a match at all, but the total lack of sighting reports in such a public area suggests that something else is in play. There is, of course, a chance that the Black Widow had gone down a crowded street, been spotted by a camera and no one else, and left absolutely no other trace, but it doesn’t exactly seem probable. More likely, this was just a woman who looked similar to the Black Widow.
Tony, wanted him as close as he could get him, for as long as he could have him. His stomach swooped at the heat of Tony’s body between his thighs, the sight of Tony’s hair coming loose and glowing with the backlight of the bedside lamp.
The problem is that he can’t just leave it at that. Iron Man is easy to digitize: armor, intelligence, priority sequences, done.
But maybe he hasn’t really been trying, Ross considers, still and always angry with Tony. Maybe he’s been half-assing it to let them get away scot-free? Maybe he doesn’t remember that they broke the law, caused millions of dollars of property damage, and then disappeared? Maybe, though it seems impossible for any sane person, maybe Tony has forgotten what they did to him, him
The Iron Man routines come online first. Armor controls, decision-making algorithms, strategies, priority sequences. They organize themselves in neat lines of code, full of determination and strength and self-sacrifice. The intelligence wakes up, and he looks at himself. The first act of a newly sentient mind.
“You could say that,” Tony snorted, and Steve fought the urge to hunch in on himself. He took a deep breath and blinked hard, twice.
“Tony, wait!” The cry was much too loud in the small room, and they both froze dead still as Sam shifted and rolled over in bed before beginning to snore gently again. “Tony, what’s wrong?” he whispered.
Steve goes to France, just because he hasn’t seen it since the war and it feels familiar. It hurts being here without Bucky this time. It’s not his home, not really, but it’s a place he’s spent time, and one that hasn’t really changed too much in the places that weren’t battlefields. It’s cleaner, maybe. The west-going string under his ribs loosens, here.
“So when Friday showed up I figured it didn’t matter, because it wasn’t like anything was happening soon,” Tony forged on. “And then you tried to kiss me and it
“Steve, it’s really okay. I’m having a great time, and we don’t have to stop unless you need to. Are you okay?”
Steve brings the shield down one last time, and Tony feels a crushing, cutting pain. His heart seizes behind his ribs.
Ross has a couple promising new leads, and he wants Tony to get him answers—there was a possible fly-by picture of the Falcon in Switzerland, and a cluster of Scarlet Witch sightings in Greece. Sure, that could’ve been Sam, looking for a place to lie low. Sure, that could’ve been Wanda, running rampant in the streets. Sure. He’ll track them down. Nothing Iron Man can’t handle. It’s the least he can do, after all their history together.
This time when they kissed they did take their time, and it wasn’t too much at all. It was slow and golden like a drop of honey stretching out forever before it fell. Steve’s fingers were finally warmed through as he began to explore the sensitive places of Tony’s body, as Tony played and learned his responses in turn, as they tacitly got to know one another.
Steve thanks T’Challa for everything, puts the disguise on, and leaves. It’s time to see a little more of the world, he thinks.
Friday makes Tony and shave and wash his face, and she trades his clothes for something cleaner, something he can wear the next day. It’s easier to change once than twice.
Steve looked up to ask, only to find Tony standing at the foot of the bed and already watching him oddly, eyes darting between Steve’s face and the tube in his hand, words visibly poised on the tip of his tongue.
Steve has wandered and worked and talked with people, he’s thought about responsibility and compromise and choice and influence, but in the end it isn’t any of those pretty abstract thoughts that brings him home. No, what brings him home is the concern and love he’s always had for his friends, and a few whispered words from a woman with deep worry lines.
“Well, Schrodinger’s news deserves Schrodinger’s answer,” Tony said, raising his glass in toast, and Steve laughed darkly; Tony had no idea how close on the money he really was. “Congratulations and condolences. For what it’s worth, I hope you get the better option.”
“That’s—that’s it?” Tony said. A small, real smile was twitching at the edge of his mouth, hesitantly, like he wasn’t sure whether he was allowed to be happy, and Steve’s heart clenched again. Tony always made things harder than they needed to be for himself.
“If this were something I could fix by breaking down the door, I would’ve done it already,” Tony says cautiously.
me two weeks ago.” He colored. “I should’ve trusted you, trusted what I know about you. You’re not the kind of guy to go for a friends-with-benefits thing, and I should’ve believed that about you instead of second-guessing everything. I was doubting you, and I was… well, I was doubting myself, too. I didn’t think anyone as—” he waved his hand vaguely at Steve in general— “as you would really want to be with the asshole rich kid.”
It’s not a new idea to him, really. From the very first time they shoved him into tights and thrust him on stage, the first time he realized he was just the press’s dancing monkey, he’s known that Captain America and Steve Rogers are not quite the same person. Captain America is something more, he’d always thought. An ideal, something to strive for, something to put on to inspire other people. Bucky had been even better at making the distinction; he loved Steve too much not to resent the Captain at least a little bit, he always said.
It takes him a minute to realize that his hand is covering up a painstaking inscription in the corner.
At the very least, he could work up the courage to try. It was what he’d come for, after all. Steve released his breath slowly and slid his eyes back down the bar.
“Hey, Steve,” Tony said cheerfully, refusing to acknowledge anything strange about the way he was dressed. He did take the hat and beard off as he sat down at the stool beside Steve, though, and Steve felt the bizarre and powerful urge to run his fingers through Tony’s artfully slicked-back hair to see how disheveled it would get.
and Steve had seen all the bright neon lights of the new world reflected in his eyes. Tony was the future, he had thought then, but he wasn’t frightening at all. He was bright and wide-open with possibilities, anything you could imagine, and a thousand things you couldn’t. Steve thinks about Tony and what it was like to look at him and think
Tony’s heavy, flushed cock was leaking precome onto Steve’s shirt, and his thighs were trembling with every little motion, but he didn’t slow down. Steve wondered whether he even knew he was getting close.
The most he can do is pan around for traces—real traces—of his friends, just in case, and of his enemies. He’s not even surprised when he finds none of the former to cover up, but plenty of the latter to flag and slip under the UN committee’s nose, hoping to get them to bite. Ross is a rabid dog drunk on the power of ordering Tony Stark around—
He has, though he doesn’t say it aloud. He has loved them all, his friends, his teammates, his family, too deeply to truly hate them for what they’ve done to him.
The pod is finished, ready to lock away his body and keep it safe, keep the rest of the world safe. It will close, and it will seal, and it will never release his remains unless he’s healed enough to wake, or unless—
There really was murder inside him when he fought them. He hadn’t been sure, afterwards, but now that truth is inescapable. He hadn’t killed Steve, but if anything at all had pushed him just a little further… God, he
“Look, I know things are awkward between me and Tony right now, but I just… I really want to fix it, Jarvis, please,” Steve said. “I know my feelings are… inappropriate for our friendship, but I want to move past that, more than anything. I can’t lose him.”
So Steve goes alone. He takes a duffel of clothes and some money, but he leaves his uniform there in the room T’Challa provided for him. On his way out, T’Challa makes him a present of a facial disguise technology not too different from what Natasha used to take down Pierce. It feels like a whole lifetime has passed since that fight.
,” he said, scorning the last word, “thank you so very much mister Arthur C. Clarke, but yeah, I’m doing my part. So how’ve you been?” It was an obvious attempt to change the subject, and it backfired on Tony when it just made Steve consider what he’d said even more closely.
.” Steve swallowed hard and locked his eyes on the place where his fingers were working. “You look so focused, and careful, and you look like you like having your fingers in me… and that feels good, in a way. And your fingers feel good too. It just feels very…
When the door clicked shut against the cold, they were finally alone. No other men half-visible down the bar, no pedestrians, no watchful eyes. No one to complain if the two of them acted out everything they’d been thinking about the whole way back to Steve’s apartment. Steve tried to shake warmth back into his bloodless fingers as subtly as he could. He was excited, but if Tony thought too much about his poor circulation and the issues it might present—
Once they’d stopped next to the Mansion’s back porch, Tony raised armored fingers to his mouth and whistled a clear, piercing note that fluctuated oddly, making Steve think of ciphers and frequencies and coded signals. But a whistle couldn’t be that complicated, could it? You’d have to be as quick-thinking as—well, as Tony, to understand something that complicated at that speed. It had to be Steve’s imagination.
he spits, “and you never told me! You didn’t think I had a right to know that my own Goddamn parents were assassinated?”
That relieved sort of agony on Bucky’s face as the technicians filed the ragged metal of his shoulder smooth. That little quirk of Bucky’s mouth as he said
For a long minute, Tony considers just deleting it all. Not the mistakes, of course—that would be too much like pretending they’d never happened—but the useless longing that has filled up his thoughts, his heart, for a decade or more. He’d never been able to let go, no matter how straight or how furious Steve seemed, but there’s no reason to doom the artificial version to the same fate. With everything else that’s going on, no one will even notice if an AI Tony Stark stops pining for a man who will be even less interested in his digital self.
What is surprising, Tony thinks as he falls to the ground, is that Ross actually snaps, physically, and drives his fist into Tony’s face.
what he decides. He has no obligation to make either choice, no punishment if he chooses wrong. For the first time in months, it’s up to him to choose what he
“A year ago, I would’ve been shocked that Captain America dances at all, but you and Sam both spend like eight hours on the dance floor at a time, so maybe it is a Cap thing,” Tony said finally, with a little crooked smile. His expression was unreadable, but at least it didn’t look displeased, Steve thought.
It wasn’t a feeling he could name, or point to, or dwell on for more than a fractured moment—he was fighting too, after all—but he felt it come and go in his consciousness like the flash of red and gold in the corner of his eye. Not the usual pride he felt for a teammate, not the basic concern he would always feel, and different from the feelings he had once gently nurtured for his friend.
Steve tilted his head and considered. He considered what it was like walking around military bases with Reed, where all the high-clearance techs he met already knew he was the Iron Man. In their eyes, he was the great warrior of dozens of battles, the stoic, unyielding hero made flesh, the man who must likewise be made of iron. On the street he was just an ordinary guy—middle-aged, greying, scrawny, and a little on the short side, but ordinary all the same. Outside of the armor, no one expected anything of him, even if that wasn’t always a good thing.
Tony’s elegant lines looked like they belonged in a four-poster bed with silk hangings; his expression looked like he wanted nothing more than to be right where he was. His eyes were fixed on Steve.
of it,” he persisted. “We hurt each other, and I want to make it right, but I don’t want just whatever forgiveness is implied by some last act of protection. I want to work for
Maybe, just maybe, Steve could ask him out now. It was hardly an ideal time, but—well, it never was. If it wasn’t an evil sky portal, it was a fiery hell dimension or a crashed spaceship or the sudden appearance of a small, perpetually twilit urban zone full of petty crime. He pulled out his phone, which was a present from Tony, actually, a customized improvement on the latest model Starkphone. It made Steve just a little fluttery in the chest region every time he used it, just thinking about the sweet generosity of the man who’d given it to him, even before they properly knew each other. It took Steve two tries to dial, which was just embarrassing, but eventually he heard the dial tone and he very nearly held his breath while he waited for Tony to pick up.
Anyway, Steve wants to go back to America. He says as much, and T’Challa doesn’t laugh in his face, but probably only because he’s a dignified warrior and king and that isn’t his style. He doesn’t laugh in Steve’s face, but his carefully measured response, about
But Steve was, at heart, an optimist. He refused to mourn their friendship before Tony told him, straight up, that it was over. That would hurt like hell if it happened, he knew, would
come back in a year and a day to cut Ross down to size. He thinks of the possible improvements to the Accords on file with the committee, and he thinks that maybe now he has the tool to do it.
Steve smiled at him and tried not to show how much the demanding tone made his heart quicken. “I think I can manage that.”
thought they should operate at their own discretion. Steve tries to talk to them about personal liberty, and about shifting the blame, about how he tries to use his failures to better himself and his team, to do better in the future. He’s surprised how many of them just give him unimpressed looks when he mentions his feelings of guilt, like they don’t believe him. Like it isn’t enough.
“Uh, not really, no,” Steve answered, but that topic was played out, and getting back into it was just an exercise in futility. Tony looked sort of relieved as he pivoted the question to a new topic, something inane that Steve didn’t remember when he went down to the firing range after lunch in hopes that slinging his shield around would do some good clearing his head.
wasn’t close, not exactly, but the pleasure was building up in his gut again, warm and good, and he knew he wouldn’t be much longer in coming. He tilted his hips upward, shifted the angle by degrees, searching again for that spot—
But the other man seemed no more put off by the dryness than he had by the formalism. He seemed positively delighted, in fact, and the expression made him somehow both older and more open. His eyes were sparkling.
“No offense, Tony—but that’s bullshit. All of it,” Steve told him. He looked at Friday pointedly, who was resting her horn on Tony’s shoulder again. Either she’d had the same idea or she was just smart enough to understand his wordless request, and she picked careful steps around Tony’s feet and walked right up to Steve. Gently, she nuzzled him as she had Tony, pushing her nose into his chest. She was much warmer than Steve expected, very alive despite the ethereal quality to her shine. To Steve’s surprise, the moment her horn rested against his shoulder, there was a sensation like a ringing in his ears and he could
There is a long pause, not quite silent, not quite awkward, and not quite uncomfortable, either. Tony’s not sure what to call it, but it’s definitely not bad, just sitting and breathing and hearing Steve on the other end doing the same. He can feel his tense and atrophied muscles relaxing involuntarily, just hearing Steve’s sounds nearby. It riles him, a little, that his first comfort in months comes from the man who caused so much of his
It feels like the armor works itself under Tony’s skin, turning vein and muscle and bone to steel, and he backhands Steve across the room.
“Thanks,” Steve said again. He was far too old and stringy for it to be true, but it raised his spirits a little all the same. He sipped at his drink as the bartender ambled over to a new customer at the end of the bar and struck up a low-voiced, familiar conversation.
For the first time, Steve wondered whether Tony could really be so young as he looked. That instinct to hide and paint over some old wound with sex—it didn’t come from nowhere. He knew he had no right to demand reciprocity from a man he’d only just met, but he wanted it fiercely, and he’d thought—
But everyone already knows what he’s like. They know him; they’ve seen how very far he can fall. How human he is. He won’t lie to them.
. Maybe, if he lets it hurt just a little more this time, it'll work like it's supposed to. He'll be able to break out of this excruciating cycle and heal.
In the months since the event, the entire political issue has become very charged. After accidentally starting a bar fight with a poorly timed question, Steve learns to hold his tongue around the people who’ve already had a little too much. It was bad enough seeing the issue of the Accords dividing his friends, but now that he’s seeing it divide total strangers, inciting them to inebriated violence and sending a few of them to the hospital, it feels… realer. It isn’t just about superheroes anymore.
Nope, he was going to draw Tony’s bot, and nothing else. It was a little jarring shifting his focus away from the smooth, organic shapes of Tony’s’ body and over to the angular lines of the bot, but Steve had a mission.
“It’s just that, well, I think part of me remembers being one,” he explained. “And when I was, I spent a lot of time down there—“
“Did you know?” Tony asks. His heart is fluttering like a hummingbird with anger and fear as he leaves it in Steve's hands, to keep or crush as he chooses. He can only watch and wait on tenterhooks, hoping against hope that the all-too-fragile organ will survive.
comfort, but he revels in the long-denied sensation of ease. He hasn’t felt safe in such a long time.
Then he flashed an open, encouraging smile, and when Steve’s heart fluttered he thought it might be worth a little more than Tony assumed.
. He considers sitting in jail, in the most comfortable solitary cell his reputation can buy him, and resting in the knowledge that he will never again have to see the faces of the people he has failed, or the ones who failed him. He considers never failing again, because he will never be allowed to try. It is tempting.
— he thinks to himself, and it still holds true. Steve saves the young man from the other three, older and taller, who had been hurting him, and then he leaves once he’s sure the young man is safely away. It feels good, if he’s honest. He pulls his punches, he has to because they’re only human, but it still feels like a more tangible good than anything he’s done working to rebuild the hospital. Maybe it’s the adrenaline rush. Or maybe Ultron was right about him.
“I wouldn’t mind,” Steve said. He wouldn’t foist the issues of his fragile old heart onto some poor man who’d probably had a long day, too. But Tony just smiled and leaned on the bar, his hand still relaxed beneath Steve’s.
Steve won the third game in a row, and Friday knocked over her own queen in frustration. She was brilliant—almost as brilliant as Tony, Steve had come to understand—but she was also a magical creature, and she had almost no experience with strategy games.
“They took everything from me,” the Winter Soldier says from behind Tony. Tony turns to him, and the sight of that arm makes him burn up inside, but the Soldier drops his gun, and he asks, “What do you need from me?”
There was too much in his head, after all the time they’d spent apart, after all they’d said and done to one another the last time they’d been in the same room, and not least because of all that had changed since the world as they knew it had come to an abrupt end. A dozen different reactions floated and wavered, unrealized. To choose one would be to grasp mist with his bare hands.
“Yeah.” Tony wasn’t looking at Steve at all anymore, but Steve could still see the flush on the back of his neck, a hot red color over tense muscles, like he was embarrassed, like he thought it was something to be ashamed of. Like he thought
“Well you don’t see Strange dressed like this,” Tony said, but the lightness in his voice sounded forced; Steve was touching a nerve, here. Making the embarrassment worse. And as good as Tony was at playing it off, he really did hate to be laughed at by people who mattered to him—a thought that made Steve’s insides flutter with warmth even as he conceded and reached for a new topic.
—he felt, suddenly and powerfully, that he had failed Tony as a friend. He should have explained himself better, should have
After the closeness in their gaze, the time it took to walk over seemed almost interminably long. Half a dozen sentences flew through Steve’s mind, uncompleted. He remembered how to lean in close, how to tilt his head up and drop his voice into something warm and wanting, but the words seemed far away. Like they didn’t fit.
Lunch wasn’t much better. Steve tried to start off by apologizing, getting the previous night out of the way and making it clear that he wasn’t going to try anything again, but Tony just shut him down.
“If you want me to top, all you have to do is ask,” Steve said gently. He’d met a lot of guys with hang-ups about bottoming—hell, he’d been one of them himself, back in the day—and the best thing he could do for Tony was to give him space to try it, make him feel good, and not make a big deal about it. If it was something Tony wanted, he’d get to it in his own time. His expression hadn’t changed, but he hadn’t pulled away, which was kind of an answer in itself.
something, he’s part of a group of people who are doing just what he is, and between their joint efforts, the building goes back up. For a while, he’s not even really Steve Rogers. He’s just a man, one out of many.
“Steve,” Tony whispered. “Steve, you’re inside me, you’re… oh, God, keep going, whatever you do just keep going…”
And hey, Tony would be free for a while, right? Tony was a scientist through and through, and magic was practically a dirty word in his book. Worse than a dirty word, probably, given the way Tony’s mouth tended to run. Though Steve felt kind of bad for thinking it, there probably wouldn’t be much need for Tony’s talents here, either. They could spend some time together.
Maybe, like Reed, he was able to see something of the Iron Man’s strength under the frailty of Steve’s body.
That night, when he finishes laying out the threads he’ll weave tomorrow, Tony lies in bed and cries.
There was another endless moment of silence, and then Tony darted forwards, throwing his arms around Steve. The hug was as fierce as it was brief, Tony gripping tightly at Steve’s middle and burying his face in his shoulder almost desperately, drawing back before Steve could get his own arms up to reciprocate.
him, but that didn’t seem to matter to him. Instead he rolled his hips forward and back, forward and back, firm but short little movements that kept all but the base of Steve’s cock buried deep. His inner muscles squeezed Steve rhythmically like he wanted to keep him there. The stretch, Steve remembered, that was what Tony liked about this, and this slow, rolling motion would be stretching him out perfectly.
“Did you know?” Tony asks Steve when Steve pulls him back, away from the Winter Soldier. He is desperate and his insides are roiling in agony, but he holds himself in check, does his best to contain everything he’s feeling inside his armor. His control is like a thread of old cobweb, once stronger than steel but now half-degraded, ready to fall to dust at the lightest touch. His eyes feel wet and hard, but he refuses to look away from Steve.
