Steve let out a hearty chuckle, making Tony’s smile grow into a goofy grin.
Steve was awake at 6:00 sharp. He liked to keep a few routines from his military days. He quickly changed and rushed to the kitchen.
“It’s just, well.” Tony let out a sigh. “It’s Bruce. I feel we should have looked for him more.”
“C’mon kid. Get up. The Buyers will be here soon and I want you two to be presentable.”
“Yes sir.”
“Yeah?” Tony didn’t know why he was pressing Steve for a response, it was more desperation than curiosity.
“You can wash your legs.”
"Are you alright?" Tony asked.
They took their food and sat, Pietro having two plates of food stacked with pancakes and bacon.
Lunch rolled around during right after Biology. Tony sat down next to Rhodey. Happy and Pepper filed in a few moments later. Chicken strips and bland potatoes were piled on their trays.
“We’re finding more and more ways to better help the environment. I’m hoping that Peter can give insight while also helping with production.” Tony gave her a little smile. “I sent him an email, so I’m sure he knows about the offer.”
Tony forced himself to take deeper breaths, and allowed his heart to settle. He hid his face in his hand, shielding himself from shame and guilt. He felt something slide gently his free hand. Tony turned to look.
“My dumb watch is bugging out already,” someone complained. “Who’s the mechanic?”
Banner was startled from his work. “I see you got it running.” Addressing Friday, he said, “My name is Dr. Bruce Banner. Is everything running okay?”
One of the drones accidentally bumped into him, making a little worried whir as if it were trying to apologize. Tony set his hand under it, allowing it to rest on his palm. He smiled, giving it a little pat. Tony sat the drone- who gave a cheerful buzz- down on the counter, which prompted it to finish its tasks.
“Shh! Alright class!” the teacher began. “I’m Dr. Johnson.” He wrote his name in messy handwriting across the board. “Be quiet so I can call role.”
Tony’s grip on Steve’s shirt slowly loosened and he shifted it to Steve’s hip. Steve deepened the kiss, lifting Tony slightly off the ground as he lost control of his emotions.
"Tony, please!" Steve pulled Tony's arms behind him. Tony tried desperately to get away, but Steve was able to wrap his legs around him.
Tony felt himself falling, eyes shutting and breath ragged. His mind was back in New York. Falling, falling. His body shutting down and the world a blur as the ground rose to meet him.
“He kissed back, right?”
Tony looked at Steve, a smile creeping across his face. “Are you gonna give me a bath this time, too?”
“I could, maybe, help,” Wanda offered, her Russian accent cutting through the living room. “If he does not wake up soon, that is.”
“Don’t push me away, Tony.” Rhodes thought for a moment. “Do you love him?”
The barrel of a gun was pressed against his lips. Tears streaming down his cheeks.
Steve cleared his throat, looking at the teenagers assembled in front of him.
The ship was an older model, mainly used for cargo and transportation. It held a crew of 10: two electricians, a captain and co-pilot, two workers, a doctor, two navigators, and Tony, the mechanic.
“Nearly 8.” Tony sat down the food and they began to eat, chatting lightly in between. Steve began to clean up when Friday’s voice came from the ceiling.
“I had thought about it, but it still wouldn’t be able to withstand the Mach 10 that Pietro can run at.”
Tony let out a sigh. He would have to make do with what he had. Nothing natural would work. So he would have to invent something. A type of tech that could self-repair and withstand hundreds of thousands of Newtons. It would need to withstand a lot of external forces, friction, and bugs.
“Well I can certainly get hurt. As far as emotions go, I do kind of feel emotions. I just don’t feel it the same way.” Tony found a way to phrase it. Thor and Bruce looked at him with interest. “Say you have anxiety. Usually people feel it in their heart, but all my emotions I feel in my head. My hardware is different. So if I’m scared, instead of a fight or flight, I just freeze up until I can process what happened.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Actions speak louder than words,” Tony said, almost under his breath.
Steve started a rough sketch. It was of Tony with a finger tapping his chest and another holding a book. It was a 3/4 perspective. Tony sitting in a skinny chair like the ones in his room. He started with the anatomy. The legs were crossed at the ankles, forearms resting on the arms of the little chair he sat in. His black brows furrowed in concentration, his lips slightly pursed. The drawing was darker in tone, more shadows around the eyes and nose.
“I’ve got world history,” Pepper butted in, “and I think Mr. Gregory is great. He said he would mostly just make us take notes.”
Stev gave a hopeful look at Tony, who was wobbling to his feet.There were sounds of struggle outside before the door swung open.
It was unlike anything Tony had seen. Smaller wires could be seen going further into his chest. Bolts were visible, keeping the metal in place. Scars laced the skin around the contraption.
“Oh, yeah, sure. Trouble sleeping, that’s it.” He laughed at Steve before marching off.
“Speak.” She had parked and positioned herself, feet up on the seer and ankles crossed, her back resting against the door and her arms propped up on her knees.
“Just a few more rooms, and- ah! Here we are!” Stark led them into a wide-spaced workshop where sounds of welding torches, metal clanking together, and shouting could be heard. Steve tensed up, the noises piercing his ears despite the earbuds.
Steve hit the punching bag, sweat dripping down his face. His fists were wrapped, though they stung from the past hour of letting his anger out on the bags.
Tony heard the scraping sounds coming from a man a bit away. A man was shaving his face in a dirty mirror. Tony moved to try to leave the bed only to be stopped by a wire.
“Stark. I’m going to put this mask on you. It’s going to help you breathe.”
“Tony?” Steve called out.
Tony looked down at his feet. He took a deep breath before responding. “So you wanna stick up for the little guy? Help where others can’t.”
Tony blew a raspberry at Friday as Steve half-carried half-dragged him to the bathroom. He sat Tony down on the toilet seat and went to fetch some clothes.
“Gabrial Jones,” the tall boy said, his fingers tapping against his leg.
Steve gave him a frown. Tony averted his eyes, knowing that that frown could make him change his mind in an instant.
Steve woke coughing and sputtering, looking around wildly. He was expecting to be in the crash still, but instead he was in a cot in a bright-white and blindingly well lit room. A man was by his side in an instant, an excited grin on his face.
“You have one of the longest and most depressing resumes in this crew. I just want you to know I trust you, and I trust you with the safety of this crew. This will be nothing like your last ship, okay?”
Steve turned on the radio and calmed his racing heart as they drove to the conference.
“You know you’re making a mess.”
DAY SIX
“Here!” The kid next to Tony shot his hand up. So his name is Bruce. Gotta remember that.
Bucky shot Steve an excited smile before sitting on a little stool. The gown restricting his movements as he tried to swing his legs back and forth.
Tony brushed off his clothes and sat down, slightly nervous. Sam gave him a hard slap on the back, laughing.
“Well, it was great talking with you.” Tony shook Thor’s hand.
“Hey! I might have a new recruit!” Tony sat aside his book and pulled out his little high-tech hologram phone and showed a few images of the Spider-Man.
“How long were we asleep?” Steve asked, rising to his feet.
Now Wanda’s and Pietro’s powers were another thing. Tony knew, from what Thor told him, that they came from the Mind Stone, which is currently stuck inside Vision. He needed to make a suit flexible and breathable, as well as some flame-retardant shoes for Pietro. He was going to make Wanda’s similar, though with some normal shoes, and possibly gloves to keep her hands safer.
“Is that so?” Steve squirted some soap onto a loofah.
Rhodey pulled a granola bar out of his inside jacket pocket. “Shh,” he said, sliding it into Tony’s hoodie. Happy snickered as they entered class.
Natasha glances over at Steve. She saw his agitated state and turned off the radio.
The giddy girl started. “I’m Jacqueline, and this is my brother Brian.” She gestured a hand at the boy beside her. He gave a small wave.
“Fucking idiot,” he replied, his nose brushing under Tony’s chin. Steve had looked at the time. It was 9:00, four hours till he had to leave.
“Do not damage the merchandise!” one growled with a German accent. Steve tried to shoot Bucky a worried look, but Bucky was too busy struggling against the guards.
“I see he got a bit better,” Tony commented, resting a hand on the back of Steve’s chair.
“We will show all of you to your respective locations. Everyone should have a map on their watches in case you get lost-“
“This is wrong. I shouldn’t be doing this.”
As darkness began to seep into the edges of his vision, a firm hand shook his shoulder.
“Get me a map.” Tony climbed onto a desk, looking down at the map of New Mexico. “Wasn’t there a Hulkbusting place down there?”
“I’m Steve Rogers. Nice to meet you.”
“Stark? As in Stark Industries?” one kid whispered behind him.
“Go-go get Helen!” Tony demanded, crouching down to assist the now passed out Banner. He supported Bruce with an arm under his legs and another around his torso, carrying him down to the med bay in the compound.
“Really?” Bucky stood from his cot and tested his legs. “Well, I definitely feel different.” Bucky pointed to the hearing aids in Steve’s open palm. “And what are those beauts you’re hiding from me?”
Steve let out a soft chuckle. "It's not the worst we've been through."
“Now,” Steve demanded. “Thor, too, when he comes back tomorrow.”
?!” Tony exclaimed, lowering his hands to his sides.
Tony set to work. His mind powered down as he let himself bake. Doing this was the only kind of a break he got. The beep of the oven rang out and Tony slipped the pan of brownies in. He sat at his table to wait.
(See the end of the chapter for
He pondered over what could’ve happened to get him in this state. It was always rough once Bruce returned from his Hulk form, stretch marks covering his body, sweat leaking from him like a faucet, his bones jutting out of him like knives, and colder than the arctic. This time he had all the symptoms, but doubled. He was red all over, covering him from head to toe. He was nearly too slick to hold down, making Steve ready to intervene if he was needed. Bruce was shivering so much that he looked as if he were having a seizure, his lips an alarming shade of blue.
Reached a little further.
"I didn't say anything!" exclaimed Steve.
A row of YouTube videos of crazy conspiracies and Hulk-related news flew by Tony’s head. He plucked out a few of them, tossing them into a holographic trashcan at one corner of the projection.
“Kid’s got potential. Remind me to tell Steve in the morning.”
“Finding that hard to believe.”
Tony became more aware of how close they were. Steve seemed to notice, too. They could feel each other's breath, and their noses almost brushed.
“They tried to take our cargo, and there were some
Tony was spinning around in a little office chair, one of a set that surrounded a high-tech, oval table that sat in the middle of his very large room. Steve scanned the room, seeing two empty bottles on the table, another knocked over on the couch, and a fourth in Tony’s hand.
“Hmm.” Tony looked down. Oh yeah! He needed to tell Steve about the Spider-Kid.
“I’ve no idea.” Tony’s mind spun as he raced to think of why Banner was here-
Tony started to say no, but Steve cat him off.
“I know. But it wasn’t of too much inconvenience.” Tony dumped the mess into a small chute next to the lab and quietly left.
“What classes do you guys have?” Pepper asked. “I’ve got business stuff.”
“You fucking idiot...” Steve let out the breath he realized he was holding. The ice in his blood melted and he was filled with anxious nervousness. As if he were a mother bear that just watched her cub get hurt and not be able to do anything about it.
Clint was upside down on a couch reading a thick chapter book, Wanda sat next to him with her back propped up against the arm, a small ball floating in front of her. Pietro and Sam were fighting over some cookies that Rhodes had baked while Rhodes ate a brownie, shaking his head in amusement.
Steve smiled at the memory, making his feat a million times more difficult. He looked towards the door to the hallway and his heart dropped. He had to do this.
He filled a little bag with ice, bandaging his hand, securing the ice on his knuckles. Tony winced at the sudden cold and sting on his damaged fist.
Tony’s origins
“Hi.”
“And I’m Peter Parker,” the youngest boy stated, a scowl still painted in his face.
items on board. I was able to take out a straggler with a quick hit to the throat. I stole their sword and ran for the weapons to grab some guns. But when I got there… I was attacked! Three pirates stood in my way. There was nothing I could do but fight. I was able to take out the brute first- his movements were sluggish and he couldn’t maneuver well in the small space.
Even if Steve hadn’t said it, Natasha was always in charge. She was able to get anyone to stop misbehaving with a twitch of a finger.
“How about some 80s?” Steve recommended.
Tony was startled out of his daze. He hadn't slept in what, 5 days? He was delirious.
“Get me stuff from there.”
They began their ride back to the base, Dad chatting with the soldiers escorting them. Tony felt an uneasy feeling hit his stomach.
Blood splattered onto Tony’s face, and he sat there in horror. His Mom and Dad were dead. Anywhere he went he could die. Outside seemed safer than inside, despite the pressing gunfire.
There was some chatter outside before the door was violently swung open, revealing burly guards and several men in green uniforms, and some in formal suits.
Tony woke up to an unbearable pain in his chest. He blinked, trying to clear his vision. He cringed as he felt hands inside his chest, prodding at his heart and organs.
Tony put aside his book and rose to his feet. He looked at his graphite-smudged hands before wiping them on his pants.
“So what’s Tony Stark doing in my living room?” she chuckled.
“You leaving?” he asked.
"Stev? Tony?"
“I have to do some research to do,” she explained, noting the confused look on his face.
“Careful! Or I’ll donate you to a playground!” Tony shook himself out, as if he were trying to shake the sleepiness off.
He went to the kitchen and poured some coffee. He also scrambled some eggs, enough for him and Steve, as well as some toast.
“My father always talked about you, ya know.” Tony played with the little bubbles. “You were my bedtime stories.”
Steve anxiously opened the door, eyes darting between the ever-calming Bruce and Dr. Cho.
“Dish” - cute
“Hey, Friday? Why does Tony have a gun?” Steve sniffed the barrel.
Thor liked to ramble, but Tony didn’t mind. More information wasn’t unpleasant if it was about his team.
Clint ran into the room, bow in hand. He took one look at Tony and became furious.
The door swung open, revealing a man clad in a black uniform, a red hydra symbol sown onto the sleeve.
“Hello. May I come in?”
Did Steve even like him back? He kissed like he did, but then he ran away. What kind of mixed signals was that? They were convoluted and difficult to process. Maybe he should go talk to him. Tony stood and made the walk of depression to Steve’s room. But Tony moving his anxious ass was a lot harder than he thought it would be.
The punching bag flew away from him, a shower of sand in its wake. Steve was panting, his breaths shaky and short. He shook the sand off of his hands and went to retrieve another bag.
“I thought, I mean, I wanted to be a surprise...” Peter fumbled over his words. “I’m gonna go drop this off.” He took his stuff and dashed to his room, shutting the door behind him.
“Shh, hey, hey! It’s me!” Steve showed some teeth in his grin. This seemed to get to Bucky, who immediately relaxed and gave him a smile in return.
Dr. Cho oversaw the group, giving the okay when Tony was finally able to take care of himself.
Tony was gripping his chest, gasping and spluttering. Panic was in full set as he was unable to say anything except grasp anything in an attempt to stand.
“Well, introduce yourselves,” Stark urged them.
Tony shut down the screens, a wave of sorrow crashing over him. He felt Steve’s hand run down his arm, coaxing him closer. Steve pulled him into a hug, rubbing Tony’s back. They comforted each other, resting their heads on each other’s shoulders.
“So what do you want from us?” Steve questioned.
Steve escaped the bathroom, and immediately his eyes locked onto the gun on the table. This mystery would need solving first.
“What’s Stark Industries?” their friend whispered back.
Tony drew in a shaky breath, noticing how his hands trembled. His heart was beating out of his chest. Tony stumbled away from the suit as his mind spun into panic mode. He couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t call for help. He could only sit there, utterly useless as his body and mind betrayed him.
Tony summoned the others to the main, large-spaced living room that was mainly used for movie nights. They took their seats and waited anxiously for the news.
They had to cycle about 3 miles to get to school. Their parents were fine with it, as long as they stuck together. They were about halfway through their trip when they took a little break at a busy intersection.
Tony found himself drifting off while Steve dared not to shift as to not disturb him. Soon, Steve could hear Tony’s breath, warm and sleepy. Steve had a warm, fuzzy feeling in his chest as Tony’s sleep deepened.
“You know,” Steve started, “I read this comic about a hero with super-speed.”
He showed him the YouTube videos people have published and the different abilities he has been shown to have.
Tony pointed to an area that had a small crater, and reported seismic waves.
Tony quickly sized up each of his fellow crewmates. There was an extremely muscular blond-haired man next to a skinny, silver haired kid. Then a tall, black man next to a short blond in a ridiculously purple shirt. Next to them was a brown-haired woman, with a redhead and a skinny black haired man. After them were a big blond, and finally a shaggy, brown haired man.
Tony looked up at Steve, a smile playing at the edge of his lips.
Stark let out an annoyed growl. “Don’t do anything stupid while I’m gone.” And with that, Stark left the room.
"We need the keys."
“Yeah. I think they used this fire-fighter uniform, it was super light and slim. But fire-fighters couldn’t use it cos it was too expensive or something.”
He didn’t even hear the door creak open, nor Rhodes entering and rushing to his side.
“I see they recovered exponentially,” commented a short man.
Dad celebrated with champagne, and introduced Tony to a few of the army people he was selling to. They all seemed very serious, a scowl painted on their faces. Tony managed to relocate his hat and replace it on his head.
He sat in his chair, the gears turning in his mind.
And now she's dead.
They had no idea what to talk about, so they stood in heavy silence. Tony cursed under his breath as one of his tools fell to the ground.
“Hmm,” Bucky grunted, taking the earpieces and sticking them in his ear, the battery pack looping over to the back of his ear. “They’re a bit heavy,” Bucky complained.
Steve facepalmed himself, letting out an angry breath as he recalled the events. He was so stupid. Maybe he should’ve given Tony what he wanted and not have run away.
Dr. Banner unpacked different medical supplies and set up some forensic tools in the lab. He tapped at the screen, and smiled as the lab began to light up.
“Hire him?” May was perplexed.
Tony ran down to his lab to grab a suit while Steve grabbed his shield from beside the door. They ran outside, their eyes darting every which way to find the approaching danger.
“How you doing, kid? Lookin’ a little pale,” the driver commented.
“Awwwwww,” Pietro whined. “Do we
Tony looked over to see Steve had left.
“You know what?” Tony said softly. “I’m really craving a cheeseburger.”
“You stick with Doctor Richards, James,” Stark said. He guided Steve away with a hand on his shoulder. “I wanna talk with you alone. Give you a little insider info, m’kay?”
“There you go, little guy,” Tony said as he finished. “Good as new.” He mopped up the mess and went back to his room. Maybe he could get some rest in.
Steve’s blood wasn’t boiling, in fact, it was the complete opposite. Tony looked just like Steve before the serum. Coughing, struggling for air, scrambling for his inhaler.
Tony found himself inching closer, Steve soon found himself doing the same. Until they were both only a couple inches away from touching.
"You're cold." Steve stated.
He chuckled and shook his head. “Yeah, yeah. I guess I did.”
“Do you understand me?! Do as I do.”
"I know, shut up." Tony let out an exasperated breath.
“Oh my god. You kissed Tony. This is amazing! I knew it!” she laughed and slapped her legs like they were drums. “Clint owes me 20 bucks!”
“It’s fine,” she shrugged.
Pietro and Clint were the first ones to appear in the elevator. Their eyes were wide with hunger and they raced each other to the food.
“Thinking? That’s a first,” she laughed at her joke.
“Yeah, Tony,” Clint said evenly. A relief compared to Steve’s outrage. “I do catch up on things pretty quick. I knew something else was up when me and Nat got you.” Clint looked Tony up and down, then over at Steve, who was still fuming. “I’ll let you two figure it out.”
Tony has never seen the soldier blush harder than Steve was right now.
Peter’s eyes went wide, but he quickly collected himself.
Friday said, annoyed, “Yes, Mr. Rogers.”
Steve took a deep breath, face hot and tears streaming down his face.
“Why would you need to contact me?” Steve asked, taking the buds from Stark’s hand.
“Don’t be so easily fooled, I never do it on time,” Tony joked.
“It’s so Tony!” she giggled. “Did you kiss him?”
“What?” Steve could see Tony’s eyes light up, his eyebrows raise slightly as a thought churned in his head.
The door was opened and a plastic water bottle was thrown into the room.
“Namor,” the tanned boy told him, his voice rumbling deep in his throat.
Sorry this came out so late! I added the guys that lived in the same time as Captain America in the comics.
Tony pulled out a red and blue suit from a hidden box stuffed in the closet. Peter quickly grabbed it from him and shoved it back in the box, shutting the lid and sliding the currents over the closet.
“Four bottles,” Friday answered.
“What time is it?” Steve asked, setting the mugs down on the coffee table, crumbling the burger wrappers from the previous night and throwing them away.
Nothing much happened in the days that passed. No substantial new threats, nothing the rookies couldn’t handle.
Tony beamed at the praise. Dad rarely compliments him like that. Tony had, after months of research, finally been able to get the repulsor system functioning. It’s one of the main parts of the missile, and one of the newest parts.
Tony felt a pang of sympathy for the kid. Peter continued, “When you get these kinds of powers, powers that can help people, and then you see someone getting mugged in an alley, or see that there was a murder on the news, that’s on you.”
No. No it's not. Tony balled up his fists, forcing out the down the memory.
Tony began to rip off the bandages that laced his chest. Panic rose as he felt the metal. Tony groaned as he tore through layer after layer. The contraption was finally revealed, and Tony gasped.
“Just thinking.”
Tony was dragged to his feet, unwilling to go, but didn’t have the strength to resist.
“Do you, ugh, want me to...”
“So, um. That meeting. What’s it about.” Tony stood to busy himself. He knew the feeling in his chest, he’s felt it a few times before.
After grimacing a moment, he began to look for the Hulk’s route to the Compound. Tony first looked for how he got to the United States. He could worry about where he crashed later.
“Ha, yeah. Wait,” he stared at her in awe, “you knew? How, what?”
Tony's heart started to race and his face began to burn. He struggled to breathe as he clutched his chest.
Tony gave Rhodes a simple nod, shame making his cheeks burn.
Tony sighed and entered the school, taking a right turn to go to the gym. Tightening his grip around his Thermos, he entered the loud gym.
“What?”
“So, every History class since the Fourth Grade?” Tony asked.
“Can never be too prepared.”
“You were taken from the crash and to a hospital 3 weeks ago. Neither of you were expected to live.” Stark turned to him, a huge grin on his face. “But thanks to me- and a few friends- you’re alive! Isn’t it wonderful!”
The mountainside erupted as they made contact. Large explosions set off, sending a cascade of dirt and rock shooting up into the air. Dust billowed closer until a wave hit them, making Dad step forward to regain his balance, and made Tony’s hat fly off his head.
Tony tugged and the shackles. They weren't iron, like typical bondage; too light.
“Hey, Tony.” A hand on his shoulder made him spin around. Steve stood there, his face serious. “Can I talk to you?”
Tony must've lost 10 pounds, and the starvation had made his bones jut out of his skin. He looked as if his life were hanging by a threaded.
He scribbled his thoughts into a book so he didn’t forget it. He needed to work out a lot of formulas and would need to do multitudes of research. But he could get it done.
"Yeah." Steve's wound was healing quickly. "What about you?"
Steve immediately shut it off.
Steve went over to Bucky’s sleeping form, rubbing at the earpiece around his ear. He prodded Bucky’s side, lightly smacking his face to wake him.
“Thanks, Wanda,” Steve said. Natasha turned to give her a little smile which Wanda returned.
“Hey, Peter. This is Tony Stark!” May waved at Tony and coaxed Peter further into the room.
Steve put aside the clothes and sat down beside Tony, rubbing his back as another wave of sickness came upon him.
The man began to speak again, “Alssarukh aldhy earadah waliduk , 'uriduk 'an tusnaeah li. sarukh 'ariha aldhy nasif safh aljabl.”
“But Tony!” Happy whined. “I’m not your babysitter! Can’t one of your hero friends do it?”
Steve had left for the meeting, dressed in his sharpest suit, Natasha sporting a comfy red shirt and a leather jacket. Tony waved them off before escaping to his room.
The glasses weren’t for seeing, rather, they were used to help detect problems that he had trouble finding. Tony made it himself, programmed it with semi-sentient thought that he called Jarvis.
Steve traced his fingers along the little dip in Tony’s chest. The surgery to remove the arc reactor had left Tony’s chest sore and lighter, the change in weight making it hard to get used to at first. Steve didn’t have any scars himself, his healing properties making it impossible to leave a lasting impression.
The silence dragged until it was almost unbearable. They wanted to say everything, yet didn’t know what to say.
They sat in silence as the gruel warmed. The man whistled as he scraped the food around in the bowl. The light front he fire shined off the little pair of glasses perched on his nose.
“Hmm.” Tony thought a moment. “Ross was the General for that, yeah?”
Swallowing, Steve went to bathroom, slowly opening the door. Tony was lounged in the bath, his head rolled back.
“I love you, too,” Steve croaked. Tears began to stream from his eyes and fall onto Tony’s shirt. Tony gently closed the door with his foot, careful not to disturb Steve.
Steve let out a huff. At least Friday gave him a a date.
Steve forced a little smile. Natasha immediately pulled into the gas station they had nearly passed.
Tony had too much time on his hands, so he kept himself busy working on new suits in the garage. Lighter, more bulletproof vests for Steve. Clint was determined to make his own gear, but Natasha agreed to let Tony make a few improvement sleep here and there. Thor already had his own armor and weapon, which Tony has no idea how that worked. He summons his hammer, a lightning strike happens, and Boom! Armor. Still a mystery.
Steve was about to avert his eyes when one of the doctors popped a couple pills in Bruce’s mouth. In a few seconds, he was still except a frantic rise and fall of his stomach. Helen saw him and waved him in.
“Okay?” Steve replied, uncertainty settling in his gut.
“This is Happy and James, but I call him Rhodey because it’s convenient,” Tony began.
“What happened last night?” he asked.
“Tony here fixed my old ass watch, and now it’s like it’s brand new!” Sam exclaimed to Bucky.
“Wanda?” Tony inquired. He hadn’t had time to get to her file. “What does she do?”
“That is all I’ll say.”
“This will be a bit cold at first. Don’t flinch away,” Richards instructed, pulling the patches off the fake arm and gently setting it against Bucky’s bare skin.
“Yeah.”
“I’ve seen many wounds like that in my village,” the man stated. “Call them the walking dead. Cause it takes about a week for the barbs to reach the vital organs.”
You know Clint wasn't going to leave that place standing after he saw Tony in such a state! I made him a bit more of the quiet type, but he'll still have his humor, dont worry.
“So we’re your war dogs?”
“What? No!” He tugged at the hem of his sleeve. “Look, it’s cool that you’re here and all, but what do you want?”
Tony could feel his heart quicken, and scratched at his chest in a subtle attempt to ease it. His cheeks began to warm up and a small lump started to form in his throat.
Steve went to the garage for some quiet. He had the strange urge that he wanted to be alone today, his thoughts cloudy and jumbled, making his head hurt. Steve went to the small corner he and Tony set up so that he could draw and occasionally paint.
Madeline Joyce is Miss America.
“Best of the best,” Steve said, taking a sip of water.
Tony’s head fell to Rhodey’s shoulder, and Rhodey let it stay there. He patted Tony’s back saying, “It’s okay,” as Tony sniffles into his shirt.
Tony felt himself get giddy at the small gesture. He touched the still-warm spot on his cheek, a giggle rising in his throat.
“Banner is family, everyone needs to be there.”
Tony stared blankly at the cave wall, his body chilled. His breath billowed out of his mouth as a mist, and his nose was turning a shade of pink. His chest was sore and bruised, and Tony could feel it as he breathed.
They sat in tired quiet, Clint throwing some light-hearted insults at Pietro, who threw some back.
"Tony, you need to get some sleep."
“Eat quickly, hon. Wouldn’t want you to be late!”
Steve was used to sleeping in harsh conditions from his time with the Howling Commandos, though it was still difficult to get sleep in.
Bucky cleared his throat, tearing his eyes away from his missing limb.
"These guys are pretty well armed," Tony said after weapon blueprints popped up. Quite advanced, and they didn't have Tony helping out.
Another video had Peter save an out-of-control car from swerving into a busy intersection.
Tony clenched his fist. Steve was right. He did need food more than Steve, and that sucked.
“Lemme start with the strength. You got the most of the dosage. If you hadn’t gotten it, you would’ve died. Bucky would’ve lived, but with unbearable pain. The doctors said it was impossible for you to pull through, so they passed you off to me and my crew.” Stark led him to a set of thick, steel double doors.
“How about I get you some water?” Steve gently suggested. Tony gave a thumbs up as he threw up again.
“Mr. Stark, there appears to be a very large figure coming straight for the Compound. Would you like me to set off the alarm?”
Tony was hunched over on the couch. Gun in hand. Barrel in his mouth, and hands shaking furiously.
Steve held Bucky’s shoulders, pinning him down to the cot. He smiled into Bucky’s wild eyes, trying his best to soothe him without words.
“That… is an electromagnet.” The man addressed the metal in Tony’s sternum. “Hooked up to a car battery, and it is keeping the shrapnel from entering your heart. Mm?”
Tony spun on his heels and walked back to the cafeteria to help set up the food. He saw the small service drones already setting the tables, and the small food stand being revealed in the corner.
“He was lookin’ rough when he fell gloriously into my arms,” Tony said with a fake smile.
“Find an excuse to let one of these off the chain and I can personally guarantee you, the bad guys won’t even want to come out of their cave.” He motioned to someone in the back.
“Imma fix you right up. The mean people hurt you, hmm,” Tony spoke to the plumage. He let out a grunt as the wrench finally got it loose. Fixing up the pipes, he muttered little words of comfort.
“Have you asked Shuri? She’s super smart.”
“It was okay. It was great seeing my friends again!”
Tony forced himself to calm down, so that his panicked gasps would slow into normal breathing. He slowly sat up, gripping the side of the cot until his hands stopped trembling.
“You hadn’t eaten for a week,” Steve stayed. “Your immune system's gone to shit.”
“Yeah, Friday?”
“Oh! Hello there,” Banner almost immediately saw him. “It’s great to meet you…?”
Steve gave a smirk as Tony started eating. He washed his plate and fork, putting them away. He started to the door when Tony stopped him.
Bucky gripped his gown as he felt the metal pressing and pushing against his scars. Soon the arm quit moving and Bucky slowly began to relax, releasing a breath he hadn’t known he was holding.
A few minutes passed of blank staring. Steve was startled when Tony entered the lab, a plate of pancakes in hand. Tony lit up when he saw Steve, giving him a little wave.
Bruce’s lips were horribly chapped, the skin peeling and sore. The redness of stretch marks had begun to heal, and he was no longer in a cold sweat.
“I know what it’s like, Tony. You’re not alone.” He petted Tony’s head, letting him rest against Steve.
Rich. Steve instantly knew. If he wasn’t a respectable young man whose mother raised him well, his eyes would be rolling out of his head.
“Wanna tell me what’s going on?”
“Well, like, do you
Natasha likes beef Jerky, Wanda likes... she likes pretzels. Pietro eats anything, and Rhodey loves homemade brownies. Steve eats thin mints, Thor takes Pop-Tarts. DUM-Es birthday is next week, buy cake. He recited the list to Friday to begin ordering. He decided to make Rhodes some brownies in the meantime. Maybe they could chat over some fresh Brownies.
“Yeah, sure.” He said nonchalantly, not particularly worried. What’s the worst that could happen?
He chased every rabbit hole in his head and came up empty except a few wild theories.
Steve rubbed the bridge of his nose. The last time he was in the lab with Tony it hadn’t exactly turned out like he expected it to. They hadn’t had sex, no, but it was intimate enough to make a lasting impression on their relationship. What the hell was he supposed to do?
“Well, I’m Thor. I’m sure you know that already. My help is Pietro. Rowdy kid. He’s here with his sister, Wanda. They’re practically inseparable!” Thor spoke fondly of Pietro. Tony noted Thor’s friendliness and gentle attitude despite his brutish appearance.
"Stark! You're finally awake!" Steve was relieved.
Steve left the room, switching off the light and lightly closing the door. He picked up the empty gun and stared at it. Sleeping could wait.
“What?” Natasha exclaimed, a smile painted on her face.
“Right, like the moon landings?”
“Busy.”
The missiles moved up and over, directing towards the mountains. They pointed more and more to the sky before one suddenly jet off.
“I wanted to say sorry, too,” Steve mumbled. “I shouldn’t have done that to you.”
“I met you and your dad once, you know,” the man changed the topic. “At a technical conference in Berlin.”
Steve was snapped out of his daze by the loud noise of the bath water running. Steve sat the gun on the table and threw away the last bottle before grabbing Tony a glass of cold water.
An emotional night left Tony and Steve closer than ever. They’re unsure of where to go next, until they finally take a step in the right direction.
“Come on, stand up. Stand up!” the man hissed. He ushered Tony to his feet and faced the door. He placed his hands behind his head. “Just do as I do!”
Tony and Steve are trapped in the enemy camp, no escape in sight. They only have each other for who knows how long, slowly starving.
“Tell them your name, kid.”
Five months ago.
"Let us go?" Tony retorted, keeping his composure.
The soldier began shooting, but a shot was soon fired, hitting the man in the head and cracking the front windshield. Dad started to open his door when Mom yelled at him.
“Hiya, Tony!”
“Exactly!” Tony wandered closer, his eyes darting over to the pile of destroyed bags.
Steve rushes to the table and pulled up different feeds for Tony’s living room. He turned them off all the time, everybody turned theirs off, but hopefully Tony forgot this one time. Just this once.
“I'm afraid Mr. Stark is quite drunk and needs some assistance,” she explained. “You were the only one awake.”
Steve tried to get back to drawing, but he couldn’t get back into the same focus, so he packed up. Tony noticed the movement and his head shot up.
Steve seemed to think about it. He began to nod, a smile coming across his face.
There was a commotion outside. People shouting and the odd sound of the Hydra guns.
Banner was here. “Bit ironic, huh,” he joked, “we were just about to look for him again, too.”
“All dead,” Tony croaked. “Why did you have to go?”
“We’re still figuring that out,” Steve said. “Bruce is in the med bay. Helen is taking care of him until he recovers-“
“Hold still,” Richards commanded as he messed with different settings on the computer. “This parts gonna hurt.”
Steve watched Tony fumble with his tools. He chuckled as DUM-E whirred at Tony, with Tony telling them to be quiet.
Tony started smirking as Steve’s eyes went from the bath to Tony and back and forth.
Tony pays a certain Peter Parker a surprise visit while Steve’s having an existential crisis.
DAY FIVE
“Ugh. Hey?” Tony attempted a smile but it fell flat.
“Well, I mean... you kissed me and...”
“Woah…” Bucky whispered, taking steps closer. “Is that? Is that mine?”
Tony was tasked with one objective: keep the cargo safe at all costs.
Bucky’s eyes then furrowed as he looked at his missing arm. His mouth started to form a question but no words came. His hand tentatively touched the empty arm under his shoulder. Bucky’s eyes widened in realization before being quickly replaced with anguish.
“You know, this isn’t how I imagined you taking me to bed,” Tony said as Steve sat in a little arm chair.
“Well that’s tomorrow.” Tony nearly snapped, but he kept his composure. “Look, you tell the team and I’ll try to figure out where he came from and why he’s here.”
There was a pause before Friday responded.
(See the end of the chapter for
“To show off the Jericho missile! We’ve worked hard for this,” Dad said. He rose to his feet to stand beside Tony. “If you didn’t get that repulsor system up and running that thing would have never been able to work.”
Tony put a hand behind his head, the other wrapped around his battery.
Tony waited patiently for his turn. “Bruce Banner!”
“Tony?” he croaked, his voice not yet warmed up.
“Yeah, fine.”
“Hey, moron. I’m going to clean your face, so don’t attack me, mkay?” Steve took the rag and tapped the edges of Tony’s lips.
Tony gave out a small chuckle. He forced down the little rush of adrenaline he got from seeing one of Dad’s inventions being displayed. Everyone watched as the missile released dozens of miny-missiles.
“Maybe. Nat and I have a meeting at 1.”
Tony joined the others on the elevator, Steve entering last. There was plenty of room, and a very quick trip down to the Living floor.
There he rifled through the different security cams, outside perimeters, garage, dining room/kitchen, and the game rooms.
Tony sat the photo aside as he curled up the seat, sobbing a wild, ugly sob. He ran a finger along the scar that dipped into his chest. He had taken the arc reactor out for her. Everything he does is just a painful memory.
“Hey, that’s my new partner in Biology. Should I ask him over?” Tony whispered to Rhodey, who was shoveling more chicken in his mouth.
He sat the gun on the table and led them wordlessly to a different part of the room.
Steve realized he was already half-way done with the drawing. He looked at a clock and almost an hour had passed. Tony was still in his chair, in the same position for an hour.
“Hey, Tones. My shirt is soaked.”
“C’mon, Tony,” Steve pleaded, his hand falling from Tony’s chest and down to his side. “I’d like you to be there.”
Tony dodged the blue beams that flew at him. He shot at a new soldier that ran at him.
Another bottle of water was chucked into the cell.
"Cap?" Nothing. "Captian!"
He returned to the bathroom to find Tony leaning against the tub, looking near dead.
“Sure,” he mumbled, his voice muffled.
Tony found himself in the weapons room. There was a chair set up in the center of the room, facing a large window that stretched along one wall. Tony checked to make sure the weapons system was working before moving on to a different part of the ship.
Steve gently rubbing Bruce’s hand as Bruce panted, red streaks painted on his skin, his lips a less alarming shade of blue. Seeing that Bruce was in a more stable condition, Tony moved the screen to the corner of his “screen board”. He pulled a holographic file from the table, flipping through the pages.
“Fuck you. You know I have heart problems,” Tony had breathed into Steve’s ear.
“I have to help! I’m no use in here!” He ran out of the car before she could respond. Mom’s breathing was frantic and her hold on Tony tightened even further.
“Buyers?” Steve sniffed, bringing his head up to look at Stark.
“Hey… could I get a photo with you?” one soldier asked.
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” the man said, and continued to shave. He had a sort of Afghan accent. His head was mostly bald, but his facial hair was gray. The man was shaving it to where it was only present around his mouth and on his chin.
“And Pepper,” Tony laughed as he began the story. “Well, Pepper once threatened me with pepper spray when we first met. Her mom works at my place, as my dad’s secretary. So when she was chilling in my living room, I snuck up behind her and scared her.” Tony paused to let out a hysteric wheeze. “So then she, she whips out her pepper spray and nearly burns my eyes off.”
“Suits and weapons. Rules and regulations,” Stark muttered. “Alright, come with me.” He waved his hand and the guards nudged them forward with forceful hands.
“I gotta go, Happy. Say hi to Peter for me. He’s got another package on the way.”
“Mm? Yeah!” There was a red imprint on his cheek.
Steve gave him a blank look. Stark gave an huff, dropping a couple of earbuds on Bucky’s cot, not caring if they got crushed.
“Yes, sir?”
Clint and Sam were the two navigators. Their previous teams compared their eyes to those of birds, never missing a thing onboard. They once caught a spy creeping through the vents through the ancient cameras that they had at the time.
“It’s ten’o’clock,” Tony eventually croaked out. “We should get some sleep.”
The men entered the room, their guns catching Tony’s eyes in an instant.
“Ugh, yeah.” Steve let out a nervous chuckle. “Stark gave us that super strong stuff. You know, the Soldier Serum or something.”
“Oh, really? Wait, he hasn’t done something bad, has he?”
“I guess you could call it that...” Stark trailed off, placing his hands on his hips. “Look, just roll with it, kid. There isn’t much else I can do. It isn’t up to me.”
They passed the water, continuing to only take small sips. Tony did some stretches, desperate to keep up his strength.
Slowly, Tony stopped struggling. The room was silent except for their breathing. Stev released Tony's arms, and loosened his grip around his torso. He laid his forehead on the crook of Tony's shoulder, listening as Tony evened his breathing.
Nat started to help Steve, but he forced her to help Tony first. She got the chains off them, supporting Tony with one of his arms across her shoulders and holding him up with another hand under his armpit.
"Everybody else was busy," Steve explained, ducking away from a right hook. "Besides, you needed to get out the lab."
He cleared out what was left of the food, sticking it in the public fridge in case anyone wanted to heat it up for a snack. He shoved the dishes in the dish disposal, where the drones washed, dried, and put them away.
Steve pulled away and led Tony to the hallway and to his room. Tony chuckled and shook his head.
Tony stopped at his door, waving at Steve as he left to his room.
The minutes that passed felt like an eternity as every attempt to calm down had failed.
Steve and Bucky awaken in a new place and are forced to be lab rats
He took a gun from a mantle on the wall, it’s barrel taking up half of the weapon, the other half thick with gun machinery that Steve didn’t have the faintest clue of how it worked. Stark was about to hand it to Steve before looking at Bucky and scrunching his face.
"Would've destroyed my suit before it got here," Stark added.
He looked over the Stark Industries paperwork. It was a blur of signing, calling, yelling, and fussing. He took out the brownies as the timer went off and sat back, waiting for them to cool.
“I’ve got Physics and Biology,” Tony said. He pulled out his schedule to check it over again. “Yeup. At least most of us are in the same class together.” Tony looked over at Pepper with a frown. “Sorry, Pep.”
“Mrhbana bik , tuni satarik , abn , walsharik fi 'iinsha' , 'ashhur qatal jamaeiin ealaa wajh al'ard,” the man said, his hands waving as he spoke. “Yshrifuni 'an 'altaqi bishakhs ealaa aistiedad lilqatl min ajl hadhih alqadiat almuaqara!”
Without thinking, Tony balled his hand in a fist, punched the dummy, letting out a grunt of pain as the rubber crushed his knuckles. Tony let out a sigh, examining his battered hand. All his knuckles were bruised, one had a slight gash in it. Tony let out a grumbled as he went to grab some band-aids and ice.
“Yeah, exactly.” Peter waved in the direction of his web shooters that were stuffed away in one of his desk drawers. “If I can’t- won’t- help, then who else will?”
Clint nodded and dashed out of the room, returning a few moments later with the keys.
“When?”
Steve took a mental note of Tony's  lack of, and restless, sleep. He didn't know what to do except comfort him when he needed it.
"Clint! In here!" Natasha shouted, rushing to their side.
"Tony. Tony, stop!" Stev grabbed Tony's arm, pulling Tony close.
“Sir, I’m not allowed to say.”
“Well if it isn’t Cap’n ‘Merica!”
“Is it better to be feared, or respected?” Howard began, stepping to the front of the crowd. “I say, is it too much to ask for both? With that in mind I humbly present the crown jewel of Stark Industries Freedom Line. The first missile system to incorporate our proprietary repulsor technology.
“There was a... rough patch after Ms. Potts death.”
The big blond stood up, walking to the center of the crowd. He was dressed in black pants and a simple flannel.
What if he had kept Pepper out of it? Kept her safe?
Steve’s face flushed red and he looked at the floor.
“Butter and egg man” - the money man
Tony shivered at the frigid temperature, drastically different from earlier. The images flashed into his head, and he slapped his hand to his face to try and block them out.
Bruce looked like he was dissolving as his eyelashes fluttered and he sunk to the ground.
“Gotta keep it secret,” Happy said.
Pepper might be gone, but at least he had Steve, and a new kid that could use some mentoring.
“Look at me!” Tony finally blurted out. A cry threatened his voice.
“Dead hoofer” - bad dancer
“He helped you, sir. You were quite drunk.”
Steve ignored him. “We need to go tell the team.”
“I was only joking!” Bruce chuckled when he saw Tony sweeping.
“But it’s much better when you do it, Cap.”
Friday?” Tony dragged his hands down his face. “Hey DUM-E, start some coffee for me, woulda?”
“Trouble sleeping,” he lied.
“I can’t! Cause every night I looked at you thinking it was the last. Every night you had more wires than I could count stuck into you. Because I couldn’t keep you safe. You were wrapped up like some sort of mummy!”
“I’ve found that I’m too drunk to touch my toes.” Tony gave a little smile.
“What’s this?” Peter asked as Tony secured the watch on Peter’s wrist.
“Are you feeling okay? Teleportation is known to leave some side-effects,” Tony commented.
"Just breathe. We'll get out of here, I promise."
Hope you enjoyed!
Steve wetted his hair before applying the shampoo. He started to relax as he ran his fingers through Tony’s hair. He hummed a little tune as he rinsed out Tony’s hair.
“God, Steve. That’s not... I didn’t.” Tony had no idea what to say. Steve thought Tony kissed him because Tony wanted to get over Pepper? “Shit.”
Tony nudged the plate closer. “I dunno if you like sriracha. There’s some in one of these cabinets.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What?” Tony looked up sharply.
He took out the clip. Empty. Tony Stark has an empty, never fired before gun tucked between his couch cushions without any ammunition in sight, for protection? Even then, Friday usually gave some sort of explanation for everything.
Steve dug in, seemingly famished.
“I’m good. Just a bit hungry,” Tony said. He adjusted the cap on his head.
“You get used to it,” Steve said as if he’s had to wear them his whole life.
Tony looked through the food, testing to make sure each was well-seasoned and fully cooked. He checked the drink dispensers, seeing if they were fully stocked and clean. Once he was satisfied that everything was up to code, he put on a small apron and walked behind the counter.
Steve and Clint were in charge of looking after him. The first week someone was always at his side, helping him eat or walk. Tony looked like a pile of bones, his muscles deteriorated, yet his stomach slightly bloated.
“How’s this place running? Everything operational? Everybody eating enough?” Tony questioned Friday, rubbing his neck to relieve the tension there.
Tony unbuckled himself from the seat against the wall and stretched out his limbs. The others did the same, ten seats against two adjacent walls. The floor was a solid metal, yet warm to the touch. Faded yellow lines crisscrossed the whole floor, a small set of steps leading down to the large, industrial-sized elevator on the other side of the room.
Steve looked at her curiously. Cho was probably closer to Bruce than Steve was.
"How you feeling?" Steve asked.
“Welp! Pack your bags!” Dad smiled.
“A gun, sir?”
“I’ll clean up after lunch. Do you think you can help set the AI up?” Banner asked, stepping away from the controls and over to his bags.
Steve always checked up on him. Tony had come to find his visits to the garage comforting, eager to have somebody to talk to about his latest design. Bruce was no longer around, so Tony struggled to find anyone who understood him. Steve was useful when Tony needed something held up or a screw needed tightened.
“So, Spider-kid? Spider-boy?” Tony hid the grin that was threatening to expose itself. Peter was leaning against the wall, looking down at the ground.
“Oh, yeah, yeah!”
“Organic webs filtered through mechanical shooters.” Peter tugged his arm free of Tony’s grasp. “Do have to eat the webs again like real spiders?”
Natasha was there with a comforting grin on her face. “You okay?” She asked in a quieter voice, “You get the whole Tony thing sorted out?”
“Lemme guess, you got these powers, what, six months ago?” Peter nodded. “Super strength, guess that can make you fast, too. Ever tried football, soccer?”
“I’m one of the most intelligent AIs you’ve ever created, not your Alexa,” Friday retorted.
“Yeah. It’ll be easier to piece together once Bruce recovers enough to tell us what happened.”
“Is that so, Birdbrain? At least I can eat something without getting to the size of a watermelon!”
“He says, ‘Welcome, Tony Stark, the son of, and co-creator for, the most famous mass murderer in the history of America.’ He is honored.”
“Now only two remained. I was able to disarm one of them, taking his sword. The woman cornered me, pinning me to the wall with a blade to my throat. I was able to push her away, but she got my arm good. Now I was angry. Properly angry. Taking my sword, I threw it, pinning her shirt against the wall. The man rushed at me, but I did an
Tony stopped by the door that had his name on it. Inside was a simple twin-sized bed, a desk, dresser, and a closet. A laptop sat on the desk, as well as a lamp and a pencil sharpener. He opened the closet to find it no wider than the door, two feet deep, and a single pole running from one side to the other. A little bit away from the closet stood the bed. It’s cover was blue-gray, and less than knee high.
Tony looked up, his brows creased in confusion. “What do you mean?”
They were both tired and their butts ached. The chains on their arms were too short to let them stand, also restricted them from lying too comfortably when they wanted to sleep.
Tony woke with his brain pounding in his skull. He tried to remember the dream he had, but it was quickly fading.
“Hello Doctor. My name is Friday, how may I assist you?”
Steve sighed, setting down his pizza. “Alright, thanks Friday.”
"Fine." Tony scratched the growing fuzz on his jaw. "You?"
“Why are trying to recruit a child, anyways? Isn’t it a little dangerous.”
Jacqueline and Brain are Spitfire and Union Jack respectively.
“How you feeling?” Steve asked, munching on his toast.
“Shit,” he said to himself as a flood of emotions returned. He rubbed at his chest as his heart began to ache.
Tony had finally been able to sleep. Though nightmares filled it, it was the best he could get.
But Tony had kissed him first, and he had done it pretty well.
"You're so skinny," she noted with a look at Tony. "Whh did you not break out?"
Tony was distracted by spotting Bruce sitting alone a few seats down. He pondered over asking him to sit with them.
“Captain Rogers!” She sounded concerned.
Please leave your input in the comments and some suggestions you have for other chapters.
That took a while to write. I’m pretty bad at writing steamy scenes, so I left it up to the imagination. Tell me what you want to see next!
“Look for him...” Tony repeated as if he’d never thought of him.
Tony sniffled. Apparently he had been crying. He looked like a wreck. He didn’t know when he had had a proper 10 hours of sleep. Never mind the light snooze he had in Steve’s room the night before. He was just being polite. Nightmares kept him up at night. They always did. Might as well accept it.
“Yeah, yeah. Put him through.”
“Here!” Tony raised his hand.
He sat his tools down with a clunk. Tony rubbed his sore shoulder, feeling the scars that laced it. He entered his room, his blankets a mess on the bed. Tony changed and sat down in his armchair.
“Your current alcohol intake is ill-advised,” Friday responded.
“No response?” Tony stepped further into the gym. Steve couldn’t look at him. His blood was cold, the image of wires and medical wraps surrounding Tony as he lay nearly lifeless in a hospital room.
Steve let himself be dragged to his feet and back to his bed. He was feeling warm and sleepy, as if he were running a fever. Steve plopped down onto his cot, wiping his nose on his gown.
TW: car wreck
(See the end of the chapter for
company, and now I have to look after some kid?”
“A lab partner doesn’t sound so bad.”
“Alright, alright. So, maybe he turned into some version of the hulk himself? Friday, look for some other type of hulk. Hopefully he’ll be a different color,” he added.
“Your baths aren’t half bad. You could’ve done that for a living.”
“From what I’ve observed,” Friday responded, “he has chased Dr. Banner for many years while experimenting with Gamma Bombs. Then there’s a 9 month gap in his record.”
Natasha gave him the biggest grin he has ever seen. “It’s so obvious you had a thing for him. You’re in the lab with him almost every day. You look at him as if he hung the stars, but only when he isn’t looking. I mean, c’mon! How could we not know!”
And Steve had been selfish. He reciprocated, even though Tony was still grieving over Pepper. God he loved Tony to bits, but now what?
Tony shifted his back against the wall. Steve took his arm, examining his wrists. There were a few scratches that had blood swelling at the edges.
“You can’t stop love, Tones,” Rhodey said with a soft smile. “It just leaves you hurt worse in the end.”
"Clint and Nat are getting back any day now. They'll notice we're still gone and track your suit," Steve reassured him.
“Oh, hey...” Steve looked at his watch. “9:00.” He gave a wide yawn, pulling his hands down his face.
She waved him in and hurried back to the kitchen where she frantically pulled out a pan from the oven. There were a few beeps before she joined Tony in the living room.
“Do you need any help?” Tony asked, moving out of the way so Banner could fit through the door. Banner gave a small “No,” making his way back to the elevator.
“What?”
“Would you stop?” Peter took the suit and shoved it away in its box once again. “It helps filter out the light. Let’s me focus.”
“Alright, don’t get your panties in a twist.” Tony put the eye goggles to his face, finding it darker than any pair of sunglasses he’s ever owned. “How do you see through these.”
The sound of fighting hit his ears. Grunting and shouting as punches were being thrown. “More like me and Bucky?”
Tony let out a sigh. “Let me put my suit away first.” Steve tried, and failed, to keep the smile off his face.
"Tony! Tony calm down." Steve shuffled closer. He laid a hand on Tony's shoulder which Tony promptly swatted away.
“Great!” Rhodey gave a grin as he drank some of his milk.
It was blurry, but the distinct shape of the Hulk was visible. Along with a blurry red shape, same size but with a haze around him as if he were radiating immense heat.
Steve let out a sigh, sliding his hand down his face. There was a small pat on his shoulder, making Steve look up.
Bucky gave a little nod, signalling he was ready. Richards hit a button, and a few panels moved at the part of the arm right above Bucky’s skin. Without hesitation, the little panels unfolded hidden spear-like shapes and impaled itself into Bucky’s arm. He let out a yelp, gritting his teeth as the spears dug in deeper.
Tony noticed Steve’s glances towards him and his frantic scribbles. He hid his smile as to not alert Steve of his knowledge. Instead, he looked down at his list of fabrics and weaves. He could ask Shuri about her choice, but he wouldn’t want to disturb her from her work.
and he hit his head against the wall.
“Hey Steve!” he greeted Steve cheerily. He sat up from his bed, looking around in wonder at the room.
“Friday. Turn off the cameras, please,” Tony choked out.
“Now, now gentlemen. I think they’re good,” Stark said as he moved out from behind a tall man in a green uniform. He gave the guards a pointed nod, and they reluctantly let go of Bucky and Steve’s arms.
“That’s in four and half hours.”
“I love you, you fucking idiot.”
Tony combed through what Friday could scavenge. There were no records or news reports of any rampages, which concerned him. He’s had these “Red Hulk” for a mere few months and has had no incidents?
The chill was starting to get to him. He rubbed his arms, and Steve could see goosebumps running up Tony's.
Tony carefully sat his duffle bag on the desk, pulling out each set of tools and arranging them carefully. He took his pocket set and shoved them into his coat. Throwing the empty duffle bag into his closet, he took off his backpack and began to hang up the sets of clothes. They all had similar shades of blues and blacks, and he also had black socks and two pairs of work shoes. He had a small cap to keep oil out of his hair, as well as a pair of glasses.
“You do such a great job, Hap! I can’t give him anybody else, and you’re closest.” Tony flipped through a crazy Hulk theory before throwing it away.
“You know those videos are fake right? I mean, they’re just CGI.” Peter attempted to use CGI as an excuse.
Clint threw a grape, hitting Pietro square in the forehead. Pietro picked up a banana, ready to throw it at him. Steve intervened before it got out of hand.
“Hmm.” Steve wasn’t really listening. Tony was drunk; he didn’t know what he was saying.
The world was both still and a whirlwind as they grabbed at each other, desperate to get closer. Tony’s head flung back and Steve took it as an invitation to kiss his neck.
“I’m just not Pepper.” Steve nearly whispered it.
“Haven’t you?”
“Just go and apologize!” Tony scolded himself as he opened the lab doors.
“Oh my god he gave birth!” Tony nearly doubled over laughing at his own joke. He whiped away his tears, his exhaustion making everything funnier than it actually was.
“I refuse.”
He set off down the corridors down to Tony’s room, readying himself for whatever was to come. He knocked on the door before letting himself in.
“You can tell me,” Steve reassured him.
Tony rubbed thr bridge of his nose. He had the worst headache and his eyes longed for sleep.
Tony was almost immediately greeted with Thor’s looming form. He looked at Tony with curiosity before breaking out into a wide smile and giving Tony a bear hug.
"No. You should take it. I've gone with no food for longer than you have," Tony said.
“No, I need to be busy while
Steve sensed Tony's change in mood, and guessed what it was. "Sorry," he mumbled. Steve gently stroked Tony's cheek. "Hey. We'll get out of this, I promise."
“What’s going on?” Tony shouted. Gunfire rang all around them. The soldiers started shouting things at each other that he couldn’t make out.
Tony smiled from his place beside Mom. She gave him a small pat on the back. He didn’t notice the worry that twisted her face.
Fuck. It all started to click in Tony’s head.
A loud whistle blew, and the two who were fighting quickly ceased. They wiped the sweat away from their foreheads, unwrapping bandages they wore on their hands.
Tony grabbed his plumbing tools and set off down to Vision’s room.
“How was what, school?” Rhodey snorted. “Chill, I guess. What did you think of Mrs. Hernandez, Happy?”
“I’d rather not have the Army breathing down my neck.” Tony tapped his fingers together. “Get the most you can without it being illegal.”
“15?” Steve seemed to backpedal. “That’s a bit young, isn’t it?”
Then he began to think about what he was doing. Was Tony drunk? It didn’t taste like Tony had drunk any alcohol. Was he just trying to cope with the grief? Being the playboy he used to be, sleeping with anyone who looked at him nice.
“This isn’t a tiny leak, Friday. What the hell!”
“Speaking of your kids, when’s the last time you checked on that Harley kid?”
Tony stared at his captor. He furrowed his brows and looked him in the eyes.
Bucky frowned, focusing on moving his finger. Soon he was able to move it, and then all his fingers, and then twist his wrist and bend his elbow. You might’ve thought he’d never had an arm by the way he was acting.
Tony grabbed Peter by the wrist, looking him in the eye as he pulled up the sleeve of Peter’s jacket.
“Sorry to interrupt, sir, but there’s a call from Happy coming through.”
“Friday, show me everything that happened after New York.”
Tony and Steve had crumpled into Steve’s chair, Steve kissing the sensitive skin under Tony’s ear. Tony moaning Steve’s name, pulling and clawing at Steve’s shirt.
“Just finished calibrations.” Steve peaked around Stark to see a tall man with an excited smile on his face, a shiny, metallic arm resting on a stand. Different patches and wires were stuck along the arm, strung to a computer, one finger flexing at a time. Unnerved, Steve took a step back.
“Hey, hey!” interrupted the man in the purple shirt. “Impressive resumes, right? Kinda done this before.”
“All is well, sir.”
Tony walks into his room, shutting the door behind him. Peter quickly spun around, a look of anger and confusion on his face.
What if.
“I’ll need to come up with some tech that’s durable, yet light as normal cloths. Maybe, hmm.”
Tell me if I could add anything to the anxiety attack seen, or if I misrepresented. I think I did a pretty good job based on what I’ve seen in the movies and what I’ve read.
“Mr. Stark, wait outside.”
“Hey, Friday,” Tony started.
“Oh, these are hearing aids. Our senses were apparently heightened, so these block out some of the noise.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"This is the last time I'm doing you a favor."
“Yes, and they have grown in muscle mass,” said another.
drop kick, let me tell you. It sent him
DUM-E spilled a little bit of coffee on the floor as he handed the mug to Tony.
“And I’m Virginia, or Pepper. Nice to meet you Bruce,” Pepper greeted.
He stood warily outside the glass of the room, looking in at the operation. There was a scanner around Bruce, and Bruce was lying there, sweat dripping off of him, a cloth draped over his bare body. There was a doctor keeping his head from thrashing about, gentle hands keeping his head in place.
“Sorry.”
“And you weren’t right, okay! I’m just not the one! I can’t be. I... I'm just some guy from Brooklyn.” Steve crossed his arms again, looking down at the ground.
All Tony could do was remember. Oh, god, he was an idiot. The little sleep he got was delayed with his embarrassment. He should probably give Steve something as compensation.
“I think those were the best burgers I’ve ever had in my life,” Steve said with a content sigh.
No, it couldn’t be. Tony wouldn’t, couldn’t.
“There are more like you,” he announced, checking in with security. One door audibly unlocked, slowly creaking open from the inside.
“You’re a scientific breakthrough!” he exclaimed. “Of course people are going ta wanna buy you. If I’ll give them to ya is another thing entirely.”
“Tones...” Rhodes looked at him in despair.
“Hey,” he said, hooking the punching bag up.
Tony remembered Ross’ pestering over rules and regulations, trying to lock up Wanda and force the rest of the Avengers into a strict code of do’s and don’t’s. Tony and Steve had fought over it before Steve eventually agreed to sign, but made extreme changes afterwards, practically freeing them of the accords entirely. The entire process had left Tony mentally and physically exhausted, country after country, nation after nation calling to yell and protest and wave off the Avengers as if they were pieces of meat. Tony hid how much scrutiny they were all under, taking blow after blow. He nearly didn’t survive the process since Pepper wasn’t there.
“Well, Happy’s name is Harold, but he’s always Happy, y’know?” Rhodey explained, Happy nodding seriously.
“Lookin’ a little messy there, Captain,” Sam joked, startling Steve our of his thoughts.
