"We're having that date tomorrow even if it means we’ll have it in the middle of a mission," Steve said, a touch of a slur marring his speech. He met Tony's intense gaze one more time, seeing those impossible emotions that made his insides coil in a pleasant tingling knot. "Good night."
Tony watched, as if he was having an out-of-body-experience, as Barnes heaved Steve into his arms. He himself fell down at his knees in front of Steve, watching in horror as Steve faded, turning translucent. Tony could see the floor beneath him through the mist of his dissipating body.
Steve remembered Tony’s breathy moans, and the way he’d pulled Steve tightly to his body, groaning his name as he’d spilled deep inside him.
Steve’s expression hardened. “Every time you look at me, it’s like you’re seeing a ghost. You smile and laugh and then it’s like you’re remembering yourself, remembering that you hate my guts.”
Steve stepped up to his team, looking around, as he checked to see if anyone had taken a hit. They all sat around the Quinjet, Sam, Clint and Natasha on the ground, with Thor and Bruce standing next to them, the scepter now cradled in Thor’s hands. Bruce looked the tiniest bit shaken after the last-minute Hulk-out, but when he noticed Steve’s look, he nodded and gave him a quick smile. Tony was still hovering in the air above them, mask down, staring at the HYDRA base impassively.
“Sure,” Tony replied, and yeah, he wasn’t buying any of that. But that was fine. If Steve wanted to keep on mourning and lamenting his lost life all on his own, then it wasn’t Tony’s place to do something about it. Whatever.
“How about ‘Dangerous’? What would you call a group of US-based, enhanced individuals, who routinely ignore sovereign borders and inflict their will wherever they choose and who, frankly, seem unconcerned about what they leave behind them.”
“Uh, yeah,” Tony answered, and awkwardly pointed to a door on the other side of the workshop. “Over… there.”
“Take it slow,” Steve warned, as Tony attacked him with both punches and kicks. Something in his gaze was feral, full of heated intensity, in need of—
“So you’re seeing someone. Is that what it takes to be interesting enough for you?” he asked, his voice spiteful. “Maybe I should enlist after all, huh? Get a little banged up?”
In the months following the battle with Ultron, long before Ian was born, the government had requested a meeting with Tony. Back then, he had convinced them that Ultron had been an individual mistake, a horrible one-time thing, and that, in the wake of what had happened, there had been no way to save Sokovia from destruction—that they had done everything in their powers to keep casualties at a minimum. And thus, a fragile truce was negotiated.
Tony braced himself. They hadn’t really talked, yet. Had only shared the necessary information they’d gathered about Thanos, and made a few hurried plans for the next hours. There simply hadn’t been much time for more.
“No,” Tony shook his head reverently and looked back up to the hole in the sky. In a moment of complete clarity, he knew that he wouldn’t remember everything. But that was alright, too.
Tony rolled his eyes. “It’s not a move to get you naked, if that’s what you want to know. Your husband was very specific on what you could take with you, and that’s… nothing. Sorry.”
True, Steve had never actively given his sexuality much of a thought. That might’ve been a bit naïve, but he just… he’d had two girlfriends in high school, and he’d genuinely loved both Peggy and Sharon. That should make things clear enough, right?!
Tony followed his gaze. “You really gotta stop meditating. It’s making you wise.” He sighed. “Thirty-six hours, jeez. If we want to make this look real… we’re seriously understaffed.” Suddenly, something occurred to him. “I have an idea.”
Steve paused, before slowly shaking his head. He remembered exactly how Tony had all but frozen when he’d mentioned the workshop. The last thing he wanted to do now was to remind him of whatever it was that made him avoid the place. “No, I haven’t. But—”
When Steve’s mouth pulled away from his, he met Tony’s eyes with visible strain. “You’re real tight,” he declared.
“Have you worked here long?” Tony asked, as he walked out of the conference room. The first board meeting had lasted for a whole of three hours. It was late evening already, and there had been minor debates on Tony’s role in the company, some back and forth, but in the end, Tony figured he could probably work with those people. And maybe, he thought,
When he wasn’t working out, Steve often took his sketchbook to the workshop and lost himself for hours without saying a word to Tony. For some reason, the workshop was the only place where he did not feel Indries haunting him. Even though he knew Tony must’ve spent a lot of time there with her, Steve didn’t feel her ghost following him around every corner.
Guys, I'm deeply sorry I didn't finish the story until now. This will be my last chapter - and my last fanfiction, for now. I've just signed a contract for an original YA trilogy at a publishing house (YAY!) ... so I won't have as much time as I used to have. When Avengers:Endgame will come out, I might try to write a final installment of Say When, tho, I'm just not sure it will be in 2019.
. There was obvious doubt in Steve’s eyes, but all of that was over-layered with so much damn stubbornness, that Tony knew his next words before he ever opened his mouth. “You need to let me try. I might not get another chance.”
“Goddammit,” Tony grumbled as he heaved himself to his feet. He shuffled through the darkened living room, and stepped into the elevator. Down on the common floor, he walked towards the kitchen and turned the coffee machine on.
“Yes,” his master agreed with a nod. “It is over. You did succeed. Your body accepted the first treatment.”
Tony was about to protest some more when he drew to a stuttering stop as Steve promptly leaned down to suck his dick down to the root.
“Because you did nothing to stop it!” Steve yelled, before reigning himself in again. His hand was curled into a tight fist and the strain only loosened up after Tony put a hand on his shoulder, kneading the muscle there. “All this information in the hands of
Natasha hummed, and fell quiet for a long moment. Then, she cleared her throat. “Well, Bruce didn’t come upstairs, either,” she settled on diplomatically. What she didn’t say was ‘How is any of that unusual, exactly?’ but Steve heard it either way. And she was right, of course. “You know how they get, and JARVIS makes them eat power bars and drink juices. It’s gonna be fine.”
“Worth a try,” Rhodey reasoned with a shrug. It was difficult not to notice the sudden tension wringing his figure to definitive stillness.
“A farm,” Tony commented, once they’d walked past the few trees, the landscape giving way for a huge house a few dozen yards away. “You live in a farm. Barn, tractor, little vegetable garden, the whole nine yards.”
Steve groaned and held him firmly against him as he started to move faster. He was pounding against him, when finally his entire body tensed up so fiercely he couldn’t even move anymore. At that, Tony took over the movements, bouncing against him and squeezing him tightly. Steve’s forehead fell onto his shoulder, almost wheezing as he finally let go.
Tony nodded, more to himself, a studious look on his face as he met Steve’s gaze. They didn’t break apart, not really, staying close as their breaths intermingled. It was amazing how weightless he felt. He had shared kisses with a number of people, but it had never felt like this.
But instead of dwelling into the deeper meaning of his words, Steve started to dress himself properly for their visitors. He selected something simple, though Tony had bought him many fine clothes during their travels.
him. I'd been… with him for so long. He hasn’t changed. I didn’t tell him about the Accords because I hadn’t found a solution yet, and I didn’t want it to come between us. But I was wrong. I never gave him the time to actually make up his mind about it. I forced his hand. I waited too long.”
“Right,” Steve said—and there was something in his voice. Confidence. In him. Not only that he could do it, but that he would. “Iron Man and I will go looking for the twins. Hawkeye, Widow, you go in, try to keep Rumlow and his men from leaving the building. Thor, Falcon, stay outside, in case someone gets away.”
Steve shook his head, despite the pain. He managed a brief glance at Tony, but then the aftertaste of the vision reminded him of the softness of Tony's lips and the utter surprise on his face and he had to look away again. "Not helping," he heard himself say in response. The idea that other people could've kissed Tony, or done anything else with him made an unreasonable rage flare in his chest. Unreasonable and completely uncalled for.
“You think—” Steve said, shaking his head. And then, everything came tumbling down as he realized what was happening. “Oh God,
Today was supposed to be the last hearing about Bucky’s case before he would have to testify himself. Tony had been carefully optimistic when he’d left New York yesterday, and the sour mood he was in now meant no good.
The moment disappeared on the next beat, and left only angered lust in its wake. Tony grunted, biting at Steve’s lips before freeing his cock with clever fingers.
“The tower fell down at a 90 degree angle, there would’ve been no room. You’ve seen how it looks in there.”
Looking at his clock, Tony said matter-of-factly, “Yeah, well. That’s about one hour of my time. You’re Clint’s son, so you’re getting a good price, say, two hundred bucks?”
And true to his words, Steve took his merry time. He knelt forward, teasing Tony’s chest with his tongue. And lower still until he was nuzzling at his cock once again. His eyes were glued to Tony’s face, and he watched him as Tony moaned and almost leapt off the bed every time his tongue swept around the sensitive head. His fingers teased him several times with the promise of penetration only to pull back. Only when Tony felt his thighs shake with the strain, did Steve finally have mercy and entered him with a thumb.
Tony held his gaze a little longer, then nodded and resumed his work on the water wheel, leaving Steve to his jumbled thoughts.
Shaking his head against Tony's, Steve let him pull him down until they were both sitting there, on the workshop floor. He held on tight and closed his eyes. "It
“I knew it was bound to be a bit weird,” Tony offered. “I know you never wanted to see me again, and I tried to respect that. I really did. Once this is over, I’ll go back to my life, and you’ll figure out what to do with yours, right?”
“And we’re good together,” Steve added wistfully. “Or we used to be. Whenever there’s a catastrophe at hand, we all work like a well-oiled machine. Once the fight’s fought, however…”
It was startling to find Tony looking at him with open honesty for once. He didn't know how to explain that it wasn't exactly stress, but rather a sense of foreboding that lingered from the hallucination he had yet to talk about with the team. Saying so might come off as unkind, or dismissive, and he didn't want to upset Tony.
“Sorry,” Steve whispered. He looked at Tony, into those brown warm eyes, and the thought of them being divided over something as the Accords had his insides churn.
made my wings? They never even told us who the fabricator was and there wasn’t a Stark Industries emblem, as far as I remember it.”
His head hurt thinking about it. Despite wishing, no thunder storm had torn a huge abyss between the other’s homes and Stark Mansion where the RV was currently parked. The day was as bright as a magnesium flame. Which meant the road trip could take place just as they’d planned.
“Speaking of,” Steve went on, looking at Natasha, “could you grab some nonalcoholic drinks for Tony?”
He’d caused far too much damage to be forgiven. He’d hurt Tony so much. The look in his eyes when he’d seen his parents die had haunted Bucky all through the nights to follow.
The hours that followed washed over Steve in waves. By now, he knew every detail there was to know about the night Indries had died. How Tony had pushed her too hard, how she’d fallen to the ground, hitting her head. How Stane had helped him get rid of the body.
“Did Tony ask you to come by and look after me?” he wanted to know and a small, shy smile spread over Rhodey’s face as he nodded.
, Tony thought. There it was. He’d feared this meeting for weeks, and he’d hoped to delay it as long as possible. He wasn’t a big fan of Ross to begin with, but with his crucible against Barnes, he surely now made the Top Three politicians Tony would prefer to never talk to again.
“Tony,” Steve called quietly and when he looked sideways, Steve was holding up one of the blankets expectantly.
“Let me get this straight. You put a note in the penthouse, hoping that I’d go up there before actually looking for you. And now you’re proposing to me in this total dump of a gay bar, just because we hooked up here? This is…” He pursed his lips, pointing to the folded paper with a pointedly unsatisfied glance. “This is kind of a lame plan, all things considered. I don’t think I can say yes to that.” He raised his shoulders, shrugging apologetically. “Guess you gonna have to do better than that.”
Tony’s eyes dropped to Steve’s mouth. And then, their lips touched. Ever so briefly at first, and Tony could feel Steve’s shaky breath on his mouth. He was painfully aware of their audience, and his eyes raked over Steve’s as he leaned back a fraction.
Steve ignored their argument and only stared down at Tony, and his gaze was suddenly all urgency. “This is all just speculation, right?”
Tony nodded. “You better.” He covered one of Steve’s hands with his. “We’ve got all day. If…” He swallowed. “If you want to go check on Bucky first…”
For a moment, Steve remained where he was, sitting right next to Tony. Then, he heaved a sigh, and stood up as well. He balanced three bowls in his hands and made his way over to the kitchen.
It used to be an inside joke between them, Tony thought with a pang of sadness, and he saw Steve’s mouth instinctively quirking into a fleeting half-smile before he wrestled it down.
Steve couldn’t sign the Accords, but he wouldn’t let Tony go there alone either. Too long had he allowed for all those political weights to be pressed down on Tony’s shoulders and his shoulders alone. No more. This was something they all had to deal with together. They might disagree on this now, but it was a decision they would have to reach together, and staying home in New York and sulking over this wouldn’t help the matter.
Then Tony’s fist came at him with sizzling speed, out of nowhere. Steve blocked it without thinking.
“Sure,” Tony said, wanting to return the smile, but Steve was already trying not to look at him again and instead stared off into the distance.
“Yeah… yeah, okay,” Steve breathed. His left arm wrapped fully around Tony’s waist, holding him still as his other hand took hold of his own cock. Steve lubed himself up, then soaked up several delicious seconds in teasing him, rubbing his head along Tony’s opening until Tony’s body was wound so tight it was a wonder he hadn’t yet popped.
So yes, Steve was a bit ashamed that, when he walked into the workshop, and saw Tony bent over some small machine standing on top of a waist-high pedestal, his first thought was very much centered on their sex-life.
“No, we broke up before we got to that point,” Tony explained calmly, as if reading his thoughts perfectly. “She didn’t design it herself, we hired someone for that and just…
Tony smiled and leaned in. Very softly, they kissed, their lips barely touching and yet Tony felt himself melting against Steve as though he couldn’t contain himself.
“Yeah, we would if we could,” Tony said. “But the TVA confiscated one, and Doom destroyed the other before it could be discovered. There’s actively no way we can get our hands on a Sequencer here. They’re already gone.”
me, we all don’t deserve to be around people like Steve. Thor is probably the only exception, but—at the end of the day, we all have a lot of blood on our hands. Even Steve. And… we’re all lost. That’s what brought us together, and that’s what’s keeping us together. This team, we’re… we’re helping each other. We… care for each other.” She paused and shook her head like she almost couldn’t believe her own words. “It’s worth it, you can trust me on that. It’s worth giving it a try.”
Before he could fully grasp the meaning of Rumlow’s words, Rumlow was back on his feet. There was blood at the corner of his mouth, and his features were twisted with gleeful rage.
There was an appropriately lengthened pause. The conclusion was all the same, he guessed. It was merely a matter of getting there. “Yes,” Natasha answered eventually. “We’ll stay for another mission, though. Phil asked for our help. We’ll be back in two weeks.”
“I get it,” Tony shot back, and he knew by the heat in his face that his cheeks were a deep red, and the knots in his stomach only made the temperature beneath his skin more unbearable.
So he liked guys, too. That made him bi, right? Or maybe it really was just Tony and that would… was there even a word for that? He’d once read about people only being attracted to other people when they were already close to that person and maybe that was it, maybe Steve wasn’t gay—bi—he just, well, liked Tony, and therefore
“And Sam,” Steve went on, his voice barely audible anymore between the dry sobs racking his body. “And Vision and Wanda…”
Steve just stood there, made motionless by the epiphany that was washing over him like waves in a storm.
Steve crouched behind his shield, his eyes darting around the room before setting on the window, moving about quickly until he’d located what he was looking for. “A shooter,” he breathed, then leaned down to Tony. He pushed two fingers against Fury’s pulse point before his gaze snapped back to Tony. “Were you—”
Rubbing a hand across his face, Tony looked down at Steve. Both of his hands were clenched into fists, and he’d raised them defensively in front of his face. The sheets were pooled around his legs, and whatever he was dreaming about—the panic had gripped him fully.
Steve ran. He ran until his legs collapsed at the foot of the staircase leading to Tony’s workshop, and waited for the world to stop spinning.
, this was Steve and Tony, and they didn’t do heart to hearts. “I mean, Bruce and I will keep looking, but it’ll probably take a while longer so… Maybe you shouldn’t keep it to yourself. It doesn’t have to be me, obviously…” Tony waved at himself and cast Steve a knowing smile.
“I’m glad you found someone,” Tony forced himself to say. “You earned some happiness. After everything that happened. And everything that probably will happen in the next years.”
Not for the first time since Steve had parted ways with him at that Austrian hangar, Tony turned concerned eyes on Natasha and said, “I should have gone with him. I should’ve known he and Barnes would be followed. And I really should’ve known that Steve wouldn’t be raising the white flag.”
It didn't stop at a simple press of lips, either. Steve had spent long enough thinking about what it might feel like to seriously kiss Tony, that he couldn't stop himself. His tongue pressed forward, sliding easily between pliant lips and tasting, teasing. A small sound left him at the feel of it all. It's been so long since he'd kissed anyone.
Tony grinned. The movements of his hand had stilled, and eventually, he let go of both of their cocks. A frustrated sound left Steve’s lips, but Tony wouldn’t let Steve deter him from this.
"You dog!" Bucky exclaimed, looking delighted at the revelation. "Old man Rogers and a jailbait. Your mom would've been proud."
Tony pursed his lips, rubbing his back softly. “First of all, I brought him here. Feel free to tell him that. But… apart from that, he’ll forgive you. You’re his best friend.”
"Tony," he said, forcing as much of his own worry out of his tone as he could. "You need to breathe through it. Can you do that for me?"
These people had other things to deal with, that much was clear. The thousand of corpses outside—both of humans and hellish beasts—were proof enough of that.
“Can’t believe you’re here,” Steve murmured, and leaned up to press a lingering kiss to Tony’s lips. “Didn’t expect to see you again before next Friday.”
Tony swallowed, and nodded as he glanced at Steve. “Beautiful. Yes.” God, he was in so much trouble. He didn’t know what he wanted at that moment. All remained hidden behind a line of ambiguity.
Because he loved Steve. Always had in some form. He’d just been too much of a coward to acknowledge it.
Steve looked him up and down. It was true, Tony’s undersuit and his hands and bare feet were covered in a sticky amber-colored fluid.
Steve hummed low and content, turning his head into the pillow and shifting his hold on Tony a little, his hand sliding ever so slowly along his arm. Tony had been wonderful to him. There was no other way to frame what had transpired last night. It felt almost surreal, but Steve knew he'd heard Tony right before falling asleep, saying that he
He knew SHIELD had plans for him. They wanted him back in full-strength as soon as possible. Therefore, his week would be packed with many things. Like talking to a psychiatrist. And learning more about the new world. And training routines with Barton and Natasha.
, simple as that. Unable to help himself, Steve brushed his nose along Ian’s head, inhaling the wonderful unique scent.
“Lucifer,” Steve whispered, letting his thumb caress the scarred skin. And then, even softer, he added, “Tony.” Steve cracked a small smile. “I told you once—and I’ll tell you again: You’re not a monster to me.”
That tone was back in his voice again, the teasing, silken tenor that somehow affected Steve in a way that had always inspired irritation before. He didn’t know exactly when it had become something he just took in stride, but it wasn’t unpleasant.
, Tony thought to himself. He’d felt it, almost palpable—the way the strong bond they’d formed within those last years had been on the verge of getting torn apart.
Phil’s and Ross’ footsteps echoed across the marble floor before they sat down. Wanda moved away from her position at the window, sitting down next to Steve and watching the men warily. She looked better than she had in the last couple of weeks, Tony thought, though he could still spot the tension in her tiny shoulders.
Tony smiled, and Steve had a feeling he and JARVIS had been talking a lot in their minds in the last hour. Ever since Tony had been induced with Extremis, Steve had been a tiny bit jealous of their intimate connection, but he thought he understood now. There was a space in Tony’s genius mind Steve couldn’t reach, and that had been alright, because JARVIS could. He’d been Tony’s friend, and his main purpose had always been to protect his maker.
“If it’s a dream, we’re sharing it.” Instead of drawing away, as Tony had expected, Steve burrowed closer into the embrace, pulling him near against his chest. “So stop talking before it wakes us up.”
talk to him. About Stane. About Indries. Together, they could surely figure out a way to deal with this mess. If only Tony would listen.
There was a pause, and Tony leaned in, brushing his lips along Ian’s forehead. “I try, just… Sometimes, I’m not sure if I can do this,” he admitted. “I can’t replace Steve.”
“I…” Bucky met Steve’s eyes with visible confusion. “I didn’t even know…” He searched his eyes as though unsure of the question, himself.
Tony was right, of course. Everything had changed, and now they were on new, unfamiliar grounds. He was a little relieved to find this hadn't been strictly his imagination, and a little mortified of how Tony would react to this change, but he tried to not let any of that show.
had Steve’s stuff been lying around next to Tony’s? Which side had Steve slept on? Which chair did he use when reading one of his history books? Had Steve really been happy here, with Tony at his side?
Tony smiled. “I wasn’t actually serious, Brucie. I know how these things work, I’ve been raised to dance that dance, ‘course it’s gonna be me. Hill will probably be on board, Phil, too, if he’s got the time to spare with his little agent-gang. Can’t be sure about Fury, he’ll probably disappear for a while, lick his wounds in quiet. We’ll see.”
A still beat had settled through the car. Slowly, Natasha turned her head sideways, gazing at him through the rear-view mirror with neutral curiosity. “And the ballistics?”
, and nothing in the world mattered except for the long awaited feel of Steve’s tongue delving into his mouth.
that,” he said, flexing his shoulders. “Love has never been our problem. His tendency to think he knows better is, followed closely by his conviction that I won’t listen to any of his ideas. Don’t know how often I told him to run these things by me first. I promised to hear him out no matter what, and yet…” He waved at the air around them, smiling tiredly. “Here we are.”
Tony hesitated a step before he walked into the hospital room, a dark thought entering his mind without resistance. For the first time since he and Steve had gotten together, he wasn’t sure whether or not he was welcome at his side. Not after what had happened on the Helicarrier.
“I want you,” he said hoarsely, panting when she lowered her head and attacked his throat again. “Please, baby. No more games.”
Tony rolled his eyes as he walked towards Mark XLVIII. “I think you forgot about the fact that our team split up. I don’t care if you’re all one happy family in 2022,
Tony’s nestled his head in the hollow between Steve’s neck and shoulder as they each tightened their hold on the other. “I probably would’ve yelled at you a lot. And then… I like to tell myself I would’ve done this…” He raised himself up and caught Steve’s mouth with his, sucking on his bottom lip, opening up for his tongue, losing himself in this kiss until he no longer knew where he ended and Steve began. “And that,” he said between gasps as they broke apart, nibbling at Steve’s neck.
If he left college next week and moved to New York, the new sharpness it brought to his features would be something he’d sorely need.
“Are you asking me if seeing my son like that—crying and afraid—was a second from giving me a giant heart-attack? Yes. Did it make me want to punch Bucky in the face for a minute? Sure. But I never blamed him for it, it’s not his—
Sure, this was their first night sleeping in the Stark Mansion instead of SI’s guest suites, but last day had been great…
He heard Steve sigh, long and heavy. “I know you are. I just… If they can just add things to the Accord whenever they please, you basically signed a blank approval—And I know that wasn’t what you had in mind either. I’m worried about you, that’s all.”
“That’s not the point,” Steve interjected. “You’re right—Sure, I might not like it. I just can’t imagine how this should work. What if someone sends us somewhere we don’t think we should go? Or what if there is somewhere we need to go and they don’t let us? But—”
Tony took a deep, unnecessary breath. He’d really kill for a drink. Knowing there was no way to win was cruel. The only way to get to Steve was to fight him. “Alright.”
Tony’s eyes raked the length of him and Steve was painfully aware that he still stood here with his cock hanging out of his pants. As if reading Steve’s thoughts, Tony’s eyes flickered to his erection. “But you liked it, didn’t you?”
Shock and confusion fell over Bucky’s features, the fire fading. It happened quickly but there was no mistaking the change, shining through in recognition without control.
As it was, they had made first very provisional appointments with a few consultant agencies. They never made it there, always rescheduling because of some mission, or one of them being called away on business, but now, their next meeting was scheduled to tomorrow, and for the first time, it seemed they could actually make it.
“You and Stark?” she asked in Steve’s direction. She glanced around, looking genuinely confused. “Did everyone know?”
“These things really are a pain in the butt,” Tony said with false cheer. “Next thing on my to-do list, I swear.”
Steve’s jaw tightened. The look on his face betrayed him—the unmistakable guilt that suggested beyond reason that he was responsible for Tony’s state. For all his big talks at how Tony shouldn’t always blame things on himself, he sure wasn’t faring much better.
“Chase down Ultron and pull out his power pack,” Bucky explained. “The sooner we start on that, the better, right? Don’t exactly see the point of making firewood right now.”
Steve pressed another kiss onto the crown of Tony’s head. “No,” he said. “I’m sorry I made you worry so much.”
"A'ight," Steve said, sliding out of his chair. The floor was not so steady under his feet and he held onto the counter for balance. He paid, then stood more or less upright, glancing at Tony. "After you."
Tony choked on his coffee with an undignified noise. He gulped down whatever had actually stayed in his mouth, then cast Steve a shit-eating grin. “I think I just outed you.” He shrugged unapologetically. “My bad.”
He spotted most of them mingling all around the floor, and Tony glanced over his shoulder when he suddenly felt a tug on his left hand.
He’d never cared much about his own future, too busy shaping the whole world’s instead. But now, here, with a future version of Steve standing right in front of him… he couldn’t help but wonder.
“You were frozen and defrozen for over seventy years,” Tony replied lowly. “That’s a whole lifetime. ‘Course you need some time to process all of that.”
“Don’t do that,” Tony said, grimacing. “I’m going back in time. So if I fix this, you’ll never even know I was gone.”
“Maybe I spent too much time thinking there was no one in my life who’d want kids with me. Guess the thought stuck. Hard to teach an old dog new tricks…”
When Bucky woke, he was being hurled to the side with strong arms restraining him. It was Steve—he knew immediately that it was Steve, and at first, he had no idea where he was or why he wasn’t sleeping while curled around Natasha’s body.
Maria came in next, bringing coffee, which was silently accepted. She sat down in a chair next to Natasha, leaning forward, elbows on knees. The coffee cups were lined up on the table and Tony leaned over to grab one of them.
And all that was left… all he was… was an empty, hollow shell, going through the motions, not really caring about anything anymore.
Tony looked good, though. With the baseball cap, and glasses on, the loose-fitting jeans and the black sweater, he looked more casual than Steve ever remembered seeing him, but good nevertheless. Not as sharp, somehow, a lot softer.
He used too much force at first, bumping their noses, and then he only pecked Tony like you’d peck your grandmother’s cheek. Tony exhaled a startled breath, and with both of his hands in Steve’s shirt, he kept him at a distance.
“I got that reference,” Steve stated and laughed when Tony tried to glare at him. “Am I Heath Ledger in that analogy?”
Natasha shook her head. “No. It was arrogant to make that decision for you—I realize that, now. But I still think you were better off not knowing. It wasn’t the right time. You meant too much to me to lose you to a ghost.”
Tony glanced back at Steve, then closed his eyes and filtered through the latest news. JARVIS had an eye on every media channel, and more and more details began to emerge as the news reporters ferreted out the story surrounding SHIELD’s downfall.
“Did you have fun?” Tony asked when they drove back to the tower a good two hours later. Tony sat behind the steering wheel now, because his comment on the way out had led to a fleeting argument and they’d both decided Tony’s antics weren’t worth it to spoil the evening.
Like a bull charging, the guy lunged for him. Steve readied himself for the attack, his hand, holding the shield, outstretched. The guy’s bulk of muscle and thick bone was astounding. The striking force of the Winter Soldier’s body was enough to send Steve stumbling backwards onto the floor again. Next to him, Bucky tumbled to the floor as well, seemingly unable to stop the momentum that carried him. He would have fallen onto Steve, if Steve had not quickly thrust one leg upward. His knee caught Bucky in the hollow of his back, and he heaved him out of the way before the soldier’s fist could hit him. Bucky rolled twice before he caught himself, pushing his boots into the ground and flipping himself upright. When Steve turned around, their opponents were already coming for them again.
"So," Bucky's voice echoed in the workshop, making Steve jerk upright. He didn't let go of Tony, but still sent a slightly guilty look towards his friend. "Nice to see you managed to get your head out of your ass. With a head that big, I wasn't sure you'd get it done." He was grinning at them, and Steve felt a small sheepish smile rise to his face.
Steve heaved a strained breath. “Got it under control. I…”Steve couldn’t hold back the little groan of pain as Bucky’s knife sliced through the air, forcing him to move. Steve jumped, tucking up his legs just in time to avoid being struck again.
The question remained whether Steve had the courage to actually go through with this. He had always been a bit of a coward when relationships were concerned, and Tony…
When Steve looked at him, he was surprised to find Bucky smiling, like someone with a secret, or like someone who was doing better dealing with his own disability that the people around him were.
And it was hard to realize that they could’ve had this all along, if things had just played out a little differently.
Wanda frowned, thinking about that, but after a moment she leaned back and nodded. “I don’t care so long as it does not affect our work on battlefield.”
That was all the urging he required. Steve prowled up his body with a slow smile, and entered Tony’s hole with two fingers, pushing them in slowly and spreading them as soon as they were seated. He took his time, pouring more lube, scissoring and circling, adding a third finger eventually.
Deep in thought, Tony lay back down on the king sized bed. He’d made it a point not to have Extremis monitor Steve’s every step and he wouldn’t start doing so now. However, he wondered if he’d made a mistake by distancing himself like this. Maybe he should’ve stayed at Steve’s side for all of it, damn all the Committee meetings to hell. Maybe Steve needed his support more than he needed space.
“We worked well together, today,” Steve told them both, coming to a stand next to them. Pietro looked a bit worse for wear up close, and Steve decided to have Bruce examine him next on their flight home. “I really think we should pool our resources. It only makes sense.”
His fussiness would’ve been manageable if Tony didn’t have a shitload of work every day. Most hours were spent with Pepper and Maria in his SI office, and whatever break he took he used to debate the Accords with people from the UN. More often than not, Ross asked him to meet with some random lawyer-douchebag for so-called ‘draft discussions’ at the UN headquarter, going over each and every paragraph to see what kind of changes still had to be made before the Accords could become law.
Steve didn’t know why, but a shadow fell over Tony’s face at that. “Simple. You’re my fantasy and you’ll do what I tell you.” He paused and ran those sinful eyes over Steve’s body in a way that had Steve twitching and feeling very much aware of his new body. “Come here.”
. To return those gentle gestures and just quit worrying about everything else. And all of that culminated into one thing: Tony was unable to sleep. A grumble of frustration rumbled through him, and he sat up on his bed in defeat.
The second he felt Tony clench around him, coming against his hand, the white heat that’d kept him under roared to freedom and Steve felt himself spiraling toward release.
Before he could do something stupid like simply hug Tony to his chest, however, Tony had raised his voice again, and he sounded so business-like, so highly professional, that Steve didn’t dare try anything.
Ultron’s matrix practically trembled with anger and he pushed even more of himself into Extremis’ network… more, and more still. At one point, Tony felt as if nothing was left of what had once made him
As he landed on the remains of a skyscraper, he felt as though he’d been sleeping for centuries. As though he was awakening to a new existence altogether.
Tony snorted, then turned his head a little. “Sure you didn’t,” he said, then rubbed the side of Steve’s face with his nose of all things, kissing the corner of his jaw, just under his ear.
But not anymore. There was nothing holding them back, not Obi, not some teacher-student relationship-restriction, and no law telling them they weren’t allowed to be as sickeningly and obnoxiously in love as they wanted to be.
Taking a deep breath, Steve forced a smile to his lips. “Well, right now I’m going to take a shower, so…”
Tony’s eyes locked on him, then, and Steve knew what would happen even before it did. His browns had become blank orbs when they were usually bright and lively, and God help him, but the blankness swallowed Steve whole. Tony had such gorgeous eyes. Those eyes had distracted him on his mission, the first time he’d seen them up close—the night of the gala, all those years ago. His eyes had been distanced, their gaze polite at best, but even then, even when Steve had been sure to despise
“Yeah, that. You know, he keeps coming back no matter how often he explodes, or… falls down a cliff, or whatever…”
And this was… this was far better than what he’d expected it could ever be. It was as if they had at last found something in which they clicked even better than on the battlefield. Every move Steve made, Tony anticipated and moved with him. Every time he decided to change his rhythm, his angle, his force, Tony only grinned and met him halfway. Everything he did was met with an imminent countermove that drove him wild and urged him to move just that tiny bit faster and harder. Sex with Tony was… It was pushing and pulling and friction and
At that, Tony smiled, a little disbelieving. “We were never… more. If that’s what you want to know.”
Tony watched as Steve moved about the kitchen, collecting ingredients for what he assured him would be the best breakfast Tony’d ever had.
Disappointment trickled into Steve’s mind, though he tried to keep it at bay. Tony was a busy man, of course he couldn’t linger on such things as morning kisses and late sleep-ins, no matter how much Steve would’ve loved to wake in his arms from time to time.
This wasn't going to end well. Steve was already quite drunk. He wasn't used to drinking, let alone large quantities of the bar's strongest whiskey. His head was heavy and he felt strangely warm. Staying where he was sitting felt like the best plan for him now, and he was intent on doing just that. The world was narrowed down to himself, the counter, and now Tony, who didn't know when to keep his distance, apparently.
Instead of answering, Rhodey raised his arms a little bit, forming a line with them in front of his chest and moving them from left to right, and before Tony realized that he was imitating cradling a baby, it was already too late.
“We… we were close, for a while. Then I messed up with the scepter, and the team… it got even more complicated. I visited you during that time, but… then something else happened. Now, we aren’t even on speaking terms. About two years ago, or a few weeks from now—God, this is confusing—, we hurt each other. Badly.”
“Yeah, yeah, incoming,” Clint said shortly before Steve heard the Quinjet’s engines coming nearer. “No need to get your panties in a twist.”
“We are,” Tony agreed and cast Pepper a grateful smile that she returned in kind. He really couldn’t love that woman more.
Tony didn’t blame him. After all, he hadn’t spoken to him in over two hours. He’d only sat hunched over the new War Machine prototype for the better part of the day, adamant to finally finish it so Rhodey could give it a first try.
Rhodey huffed. “He stopped being my childhood hero when I saw him spooning my best friend in his Iron Man sweatpants.”
For a moment, Tony couldn’t look at him. Couldn’t look at the raw pain that took hold of Steve’s face.
“No,” Steve replied, and oh, he really was drowning in Tony’s taste, and Tony was not fighting him. He was kissing him back. They fell down on the bed together, Tony on top of him, and Steve groaned in surprise when he pressed his middle down against Steve’s own.
Tony chuckled, raising Steve’s left hand to his lips and kissing his knuckles. “Let’s do it together, alright? If you don’t like something, we can stop at any time.”
Tony resumed scanning the room. The offline HUD wasn’t all that informative—FRIDAY’s live-calculations were missing, and however impartial those were on a good day, that left him with only the basic functions. He hummed absentmindedly, signaling Steve that he was still on it, while he quickly ran through the numbers. Part of the basement had crashed apparently, but there weren’t any movements on this side and even if—
After a beat, Tony’s arms wrapped about him and he was kissing him with such intensity, with such need, that it was like being hit by a tidal wave. Steve toppled over, his arms tight around Tony’s waist. He could barely make it to the couch and let himself be pressed into it.
. You know things about me,” Steve exclaimed. “It never once crossed my mind that you wouldn’t know.”
"Can't really promise that right now," Bucky said, leaning against him heavily. Steve was ready to protest but Bucky shook his head over Steve's shoulder. "It's just been a shitty year," he continued. "I could use your help."
at the other side of the country. With over 3000 miles between them. It might work out for a while, and Tony saw himself waiting and hoping, but eventually, he knew… Steve would break up with him. Steve would find someone else.
With a wince, Tony spread his wings wide, ignoring the pain all of these bullets and broken feathers ignited within his body.
After dinner—after the table had been cleared from the various dishes, it took about ten minutes before the first person, Clint, had announced movie night.
Bucky scowled at him. “Says the guy who passed out while holding hands with Esther Ralston behind the church.”
“Do that,” Bucky said. “If he’s giving you trouble, I’d be willing to lend a hand.” He flexed his metal arm, the plates clicking, indicating a shallow punch.
.” Tony’s eyes clouded with nameless emotion. He simply couldn’t think of the impact his actions were bound to have on both Steve and him. There was either amnesty or condemnation. “Love just complicates things. What if we break up badly? It could split the team up right back again.”
It was completely surreal and Tony had a hard time figuring out what the hell had just happened. He’d known… or
The memories were so vivid; Steve could feel the vibration under his feet and the crack of Wanda’s magic as it surged towards the building.
But then there was the warmth of a gentle and reassuring kiss at Steve’s temple, another against his forehead and a pair of the deepest, loveliest, most wonderfully familiar brown eyes looking ever-earnestly into his own, reading Steve like a book. As always.
“Sir, I apologize for the late intrusion. There’s a Sergeant James Barnes for you,” she explained, smiling apologetically. “Miss Potts told me to give him access to your private elevators. Will you receive him now, or should he come back during office hours?”
Tony scrunched up his nose, and Steve knew it was an easy thing for him to say—and something he couldn’t exactly know.
They were sitting in the common room, around the large table where they’d once discussed the Sokovia Accords. Tony and Bucky were sitting close, some kind of floor plan spread out in front of them.
The haze of the painkillers made it seem like time alternately crept by and passed in a flash.  All the while, Natasha worked in silence, cleaning Tony’s wounds and smoothing some sort of clear gel over his abdomen. Then, raising her eyebrows, she asked, “I’ve got some water for you. You should drink something.”
They had grown even closer over those last weeks, and even though Natasha didn’t show it, Tony knew how much she missed Barnes. She could’ve followed them to wherever T’Challa’s hide-out was, but instead had decided to help Tony keep the boat afloat.
“And you? I know that girl got into your head, too, and Nat’s still as shaken as I’ve ever seen her. You know those punks are just trying to mess with us, right?”
And yet… there was a connection now. A link to another version of himself, a whole different time altogether. And there was
"Are you saying you love me?" he asked, aiming for a tease, though his tone sounded more hopeful than anything else.
Tony’s eyes widened at the sight, as one skyscraper after the other just… vanished. And here he’d thought he’d seen it all. Giant portals, flying cities, speaking trees, but… this… it was…
Steve's eyes were set on his own hand. He'd knocked out Tony's godfather without a second thought, and he wasn't particularly
“Prepare the next implant,” said the man with the glasses to the ones wearing lab coats. “We will begin with sensory deprivation next.”
On the next beat, JARVIS activated the ventilation system and it barely took two seconds before the dust was sucked right out of the room.
And with that, Tony’s mind was suddenly all but thrown back to the room, Extremis fading from his grasp. There was nothing for a beat, as if a wire had been cut, before the connection was forced back online.
They had been sitting on the sofa in the living room, hands clutched in some weird parody of a romantic comedy. Steve’s mother was a whirlwind, plain and simple. Her reaction to her son’s outing had been hilarious; and soon after, she’d hugged Tony to her chest and called him her son. It didn’t matter to her that Steve was bi, or the fact that he was currently in love with another man.
Another sob. And another. Tony’s eyes burned from wanting to cry, but he refused any ease the tears might bring. He deserved the pain. Deserved to live with the loss and the guilt. After making sure Stark Industries helped with restoration and first aid as much as possible, he’d holed himself up here, not wanting to see anyone, much less talk to them.
“He’s not who you think he is,” Wanda told Steve. “Something in his head is different. He is not the man he was. He is not the Tony Stark you knew.”
Tony stilled, a deep sadness taking hold of his features. He schooled his expression as best as he could, but Steve knew that whatever he’d said, it’d hit too close to home.
No UN lawyer would ever consider those changes ‘good’, or see why the Avengers needed to have the last word when the world was in danger.
Between 1944 and 1996… that was a whole lot of years. He had no idea how this worked, or why they had found each other over time and space, but it had to mean something, right?
A long, uneasy breath hissed through Steve’s teeth, eyes glued to Tony’s face and soaking in every movement he made. Watching for some sign of discomfort or pain. He
Tony huffed, waving a dismissive hand at the empty room. “Of course not. Hell, you haven’t changed your mind at all, did you?”
“Just get here. We’ll see if they even accept the offer, and then we can figure out how to convince Barnes.”
Steve’s arms flung around his neck. He couldn’t let him leave. Not now. Not ever. He’d just found this.
Tony snorted. Only Rhodey, his speech completely slurred, could still say that with any authority. “You’d know, huh?” Tony answered but put the bottle down anyway. “Knew you couldn’t hold your liquor.” At this point, his voice lacked its usual snark. He was just too tired.
“Shit, I’m gonna—” Tony broke off with a moan, his fingertips all but digging into Steve’s skin. And Steve felt Tony’s cock jerk against his abdomen, felt the wetness between them, and only had a moment to think that he hadn’t even touched Tony—
In a blink, his dismay washed into pure and utter disbelief, his heart beating faster when his eyes locked on the man in front of him. He couldn’t see his eyes, because they were shaded behind impenetrable sunglasses, but there was no mistaking him.
Steve’s brows furrowed. Tony made it sound as if Ross wasn’t already up and about, constantly looking for affiliates to support his campaign. As Secretary of State, he was very busy raising counter-arguments on Bucky’s impending acquittal. He didn’t argue on Bucky’s mind-control, which—strangely enough—only made it worse, but instead he tried to make it seem as if the Avengers were an uncontrollable force in itself, doing as much harm as they did good.
Steve nodded. “Exactly. I’ll take the South carrier myself, Thor and Clint will take of the other two together.”
It was sometime during his fourth month at the mansion that Tony picked up his hand during dinner and held it between both of his own. It was soft and warm, and familiarly stained with oil. He kissed the tip of each of Steve’s fingers.
Tony reached his arm towards Steve and blindly groped for the blanket, draping it around his hips. In a voice still considerably high-pitched, he said, “If this is about the repulsor system, I really don’t want to hear it. You
Next to that, his news feed was running a mile a second, and yes, it seemed #giantalienplant was most definitely dead.
The rest of the team, Bruce, Wanda, Vision, Clint, Scott, Sam and Pietro were sitting around the kitchen, all with varying degrees of amusement on their faces. Even the Spiderman guy—Peter—sat on one of the chairs next to James Rhodes, grinning like it was his birthday and Christmas combined.
“This place is just too large. The poor boy likely got lost,” Pepper said and cast Steve a brilliant smile. She extended a hand in his direction. “Hello. You must be the man who managed to find our friend behind all that gloomy exterior.”
“And that still scares me, sometimes. Whenever I think of Bucky, I think of that moment when his life was more important to me than Millions of people.”
Only when he felt Tony’s hardness against him, Steve stilled. His breath caught and held, and then, Tony penetrated him with a strong surge of his hips, sliding heedlessly into his tight sheath until Steve felt something give and Tony slid in to the hilt. Steve muffled a sharp cry against Tony’s shoulder and sank his nails into his back.
“Didn’t you listen? He can’t tell us anything,” Bruce said. “This is strictly ‘Need to know’ from here on out.”
Tony glanced at Steve, who was pouring water for him on the other side of the room. It was going to be unnerving trying to pretend nothing had happened. To pretend he didn’t know that Steve was protecting his parent’s murderer from him, right now, right in this second. That was going to be tough. Should he hide it? He didn’t know.
Steve nodded, taking his word for what it was, before his eyes momentarily flickered to the side. On the HUD, Tony saw Bucky running for them, and he heaved a low breath.
“We’ll talk about this in the morning,” Steve said, forcing Tony to look at him. “We will talk about it, I promise. But not like this.” With that, he crawled out of the tent and dragged Tony with him.
By the time their graduation ceremony was only days away, every single detail was laid out perfectly. Howard had agreed to pay for the whole trip. As long as he didn’t need to spend time with his son, he was usually fine with throwing money at him. Hell, the guy hadn’t even asked where they were planning to go.
“Speaking of the devil,” Bucky said and Steve startled a little when he heard footsteps nearing the living room.
It wouldn’t be happening, though. Not on his life. If they really decided to care for a kid, Tony had to make sure this world was as secure as it could be. He owed Steve that much.
His heart beat a bit faster, and Steve willed himself to focus. He released a wistful sigh and turned his eyes once more to the blank sheet staring up at him.
The next second, though, Sam finally got on with the program. “So, uhm, I know I’m not a super-soldier or anything, but… if you guys need another set of arms for your little crisis, I’d like to help.”
“Hey,” Steve replied without any heat. This was the most direct-approach of Tony speaking to him he’d gotten in weeks. So he’d just take it. “And I’ve been there before,” he went on, pointedly ignoring Tony’s snort. “When I was five or so. My ma dragged me there because I was all over locomotives and railroads. It’s fun.” He smiled when Tony looked back at him with a raised eyebrow. “What? There are little towns. And little circuses. And an airport. And churches. And anyway, there are buttons to push that make things light up and move. What five-year-old wouldn’t like that?”
Tony cleared his throat, and took a step forward, and out of Steve’s embrace. His eyes flickered to his watch. It was already 8.59.
Some part of Tony had hoped that now that they were here Steve would finally realize how stupid this plan of his was, but his placatory smile was still firmly in place.
him, somehow—, and that was just… A bad attitude towards someone he was supposed to be keeping at an arm's length. And how exactly was he going to talk to Bucky when all his mind could do was think about that damned bratty smirk and the infuriating guy attached to it?
“Wonderful,” Tony commented, accepting the papers back, as Barnes shoved them through the lid. “Welcome to the weirdest boy band on earth.”
Sam nodded. “On a scale of one to ten, how weird was it to be stranded in another dimension with Stark of all people? I mean, did you guys even talk?”
“Yeah. He’s… adjusting,” Steve replied. “Observing everyone, all the time. And sticking close to Wanda.”
Steve once more settled on his knees before him, propping himself between Tony’s legs. “Tony,” he called softly, “I don’t hate you.”
A stilled hush fell over the room as Fury took his seat. “Thank you for coming by today. Let’s hope this won’t take much time. I’m sure you’re all eager to put this matter behind you.”
It wasn’t over. How could it? He would see Steve again. It was only time. Time until they would get it all back—everything the world had taken away from them.
He’d been waiting to get some answers from Steve for two whole days, he wasn’t going to let him get away now. “I’m good, not too busy. I was actually hoping you’d come down here sometime, I was a bit worried after your last flashback, I… uh, Natasha talked to you, right?”
Tony opened his mouth to reply, then paused. “Right, you’re… Captain America,” he said to himself, as if only just now realizing what that meant, exactly. His gaze got distant for a moment, before they locked on Steve again. “What is the date today?”
Normally, Steve would concentrate on his objective to arrest, but with so many civilians around them…
Tony was trying everything in him not to despair now. The news were raising questions on whether or not Captain America had died in that shooting in Vienna’s suburbs, and he couldn’t call Steve, since the Avengers were now officially a government-issued organization.
"You know I'm not really a man of grand gestures," Steve said then, leaning over and looking into his eyes. "And I wanted to do this where… Where it all started, I guess." He tilted his head and pressed a light kiss to Tony's cheek. "If you want something more extravagant, you're gonna have to tell me what it is you want."
“I do,” Steve agreed immediately. “And… I know it’s a little stupid, but it almost feels like he had a part in the wedding after all, you know?”
Even after all these months, he was still attuned to his presence. He tried to pretend that the way Steve—before he’d realized that he’d traveled through time—had been smiling at him with eyes full of warmth, hadn’t meant anything. But the scene kept replaying in his head and a lump rose in his throat.
That was… irrelevant, Tony guessed, but good to know, anyways. But then the guy was clapping a hand on Steve’s shoulder and making to stand up.
At that, Ultron raised both hands so fast Steve couldn’t hold him down in time. He was firing shots that Steve could barely dodge. “You honestly think that I am jealous of
“No offense to your buddy’s people and their traditions,” Clint told the God, “but I’m not a big fan.”
“Sometimes, I hated that virus,” he admitted quietly. “I told him so at the farm. Makes me think if he did it on purpose. Did it for me.”
be saying that he’d felt bad about talking in the way he had about Barnes’ disability. He could also be saying that he was head over heels for Steve and a childish part of him had wanted him to be proud and, yeah, maybe grateful.
The emotional turmoil of Barnes’ recovery would have been enough, but couple that with nearly sixteen hours in a plane, a four hour meeting, then adding in the fact that he hadn’t slept for give or take fifty-five hours, Tony counted himself lucky he was still standing at all.
His hands pressed against Tony’s chest, and he smacked his lips while Tony put him down on the floor.
Wordlessly, he handed Steve’s ring back, trying to decide whether he really wanted answers to the questions trying to leap off his tongue.
With the whole team around, and Tony piloting the Iron Legion from afar, HYDRA wouldn’t even know what hit them. Logically, this should be a piece of cake.
Tony didn’t see the problem. Of course it was risky for Steve, but they could be careful. On paper, Tony might still be a minor, but he was old enough to know damn well what he wanted. His eighteenth birthday was only a good six months away and if that was all that separated this from being legal, then Tony would gladly damn all regulations to hell.
“You’re serious,” Tony said, feeling the resolution he’d tried to hold on to, namely to not let Steve get to him again, disappear completely. He turned his hand in Steve’s grasp, moving it until he could gently stroke Steve’s knuckles.
“I gotta agree, Bruce,” Tony said. “It was hard enough to keep them from turning you in after Wakanda. We’re already short a few team-members. I can’t lose you, too.”
“Look,” Tony said, speaking right over her, because at the moment he couldn’t care less about her delicate sensibilities. “What did you expect, exactly? You made your standpoint
Tony closed his eyes, because the bright lights in this room were all kinds of wrong, and mumbled with a small smile, “Doctor’s orders?”
"He won't press charges," Ms. Potts said, turning to him with a brisk smile. "I've worked with Obadiah Stane long enough to know at least this—the guy knows when it's losing fight."
Was he, though? He looked at the portraits and could not, for the life of him, imagine himself up there, with his unremarkable face and his messy blond hair.
Tony’s jaw clenched, and he firmly schooled his expression so he wouldn’t be giving any of those feelings inside of him away. He couldn’t let Strange of all people see how much… how much all of what had happened in those last three years had broken him. This war—this stupid, pointless power game between him and Steve, and all the wreckage that had followed. The abyss that now gaped between both of their teams, the threat of a final apocalypse looming over all of their heads, the loneliness Tony felt every day when he stood in their living room, looking at the large table that had once housed many team dinners.
“Yeah. Back in my time, I used Loki’s scepter to create something that… did a lot of damage. I was stupid, reckless, didn’t think things through. And for that reason, a whole lot of other things happened, things that were out of my control, and eventually resulted in the fact that we couldn’t defend Earth when it counted.”
At that, Rhodes glanced at Steve once more, and from the way his eyes suddenly widened, he was probably having a huge epiphany. “Oh fuck, and you’re bi?!” he exclaimed, as if only now realizing it. He pulled back, but his hands still remained on Tony’s shoulders. “He’s bi.”
"Because," Steve reached over and tugged the pillow out of Tony's hands, leaning over to grin at him. "We talked about this." He kissed him. "You wanted to be open about it, and I'm all for that. And it'd be easier to get it out of the way as early as possible." And Steve was determined to finally have a face to face chat with the guy.
“Tony,” Steve repeated—he breathed the word, and he didn’t know what he pleaded for exactly, but plead he did.
Steve set into motion, and Tony forced his suit into the air to meet Steve in the middle, wondering what he was thinking of in that moment.
anything," Steve said, to bring the conversation to some kind of conclusion, "because it's still... fresh." He said the first word that felt right. "Didn't wanna jinx it anymore than necessary." He looked at Tony, eyes irrevocably drawn to his ass.
“He’s still Tony,” Bruce said with that calming voice of his. “The same old Tony. I know it’s not enough right now, but you’ll see. He’s… still the same.”
of the news with his friend. And apparently, the guy was fine with it. “Yeah, sounds good,” he said eventually, looking back up at Steve. He still had his arms around Tony, keeping him near.
Eventually, Tony motioned for Steve to move forward. As hot as it was that Steve could do this against the wall with no effort, he really needed to touch him and touch him
Steve hazarded a slow step forward, hands coming up so Tony would see he was weaponless. He came to a stop in front of the large window front. This room was the only one with no broken glass. If you sat down right here, staring into the forest beyond, ignoring all of those craters in the grass, you could almost imagine that nothing had happened and the facility was still intact. You could almost believe that their hate hadn’t destroyed it all.
There were about a million more words ready on Tony’s tongue then, but at the end of the day, he guessed they both knew exactly where their lives were heading towards. And they’d made their peace with it.
Most days, he had no idea what was even going through Tony’s head. Whenever he worked with Extremis, he mostly stared at a spot on the floor, his eyes hidden from Steve’s and his mind far away. It was something Steve had meant to address earlier, but between Bucky’s recovery and the endless hearings Tony had to attend on their behalf… well, Steve hadn’t wanted to put even more pressure on his shoulders.
Which could mean that Pierce wasn’t who he said he was, and that Tony—and possibly all of the Avengers—were being monitored. The data on ‘Project Insight’ was encrypted in a way that even Tony couldn’t work around. At least, not yet. Even with Extremis, Tony wasn’t able to track Fury, not in his office, not on his car and not even on his phone. And his continued absence didn’t make Tony feel any better. He mailed Coulson before going to bed, and as expected, Fury’s last confirmed location was with Pierce, his last call directed at Hill.
The devil? That was only a name humanity had given Tony—an explanation for the evil things people were doing to each other. Lucifer had been an easy target… the son God had cast from Heaven, and no one ever questioned the reasons behind that.
When he didn’t answer, Tony exhaled a long breath. “I don’t know how to make this clearer for you. And I’m starting to think I was wrong.”
A hand touched his shoulder, staying there. “It’ll be alright,” Tony said. “If you want it—we’ll find a way to each other. The two of us, we went through so much. And whatever your Tony does and says, I assure you it’s not because he doesn’t feel for you, he’s just…” He shrugged. “A man who’s not too got with handling his own emotions. He doesn’t believe you’re a possibility. So he won't get too close.”
Steve eased his way back through the corridor and into the bedroom. He walked into their dressing room and pulled a new pair of jeans out of a drawer. As soon as he reached down, though, there was a hard object pressed to his lower back. “You should be more careful,” Bucky murmured. “You never know what kind of villain’s got a knife at your back.”
“Tell me about your wife?” he asked at last. He’d meant to ask about Mrs. Rogers for a while now, but he never truly found the right time. “Is it Sharon?”
“Sorry I'm late,” he said as he let the door fall close behind him. For a brief second he paused at the fact that a statement like that would’ve
He pressed his forehead to Tony's shoulder and nodded against him as Tony—there was no other way to describe it—made love with him slowly. It was perfect, every moment of it was beyond anything Steve could've imagined. He felt tension building like it usually did when he topped, but it felt different, deeper, and he belatedly realized there was no stimulation to his dick. He reached the hand not anchored around Tony's neck between them and jerked himself off in time with Tony's pace.
Tony knew there were meetings tomorrow, a bunch of them in the morning, and probably some introduction rounds with the science department later on, but this was his company, after all, or would be, once he turned twenty-one.
“I’m a Stark,” Tony answered easily, like that was the answer to everything. Well, in some ways, Steve guessed it really was.
And yet, there were the doubts. Everything in those dreams was too real—too specific. There were no turns or inconsistencies; even the room was always the same. Dreams weren’t that specific, right? And that meant that something was going on.
Steve sat up, grasping Tony’s wrists and stopping him. Tony sent him a questioning look that Steve answered with a shy smile, his inquisitive fingers itching to take to the undressing-part himself. “Let me.”
“If you keep that up, I’m not gonna make it to the main event, babe,” Tony grunted after a moment, because Steve might be able to go for a second, third, or fourth round, but once was pretty much it for him.
With a deep breath, Steve withdrew from Tony’s heat and sank inside again. And watching his face contort in pleasure was something Steve vowed to never take for granted. This, Tony letting him inside like this, was everything.
Tony rolled his eyes, but his smile stayed firmly in place. “Was that sass? I’m feeling sassed right now,” he teased, nudging Steve’s nose with his. “Just… trust me with this? If you think we’re going too slow, you can tell me. We don’t have to make a big deal out of it, I just… I’d love for us to take it a little slower this time around.”
“Is he now,” Tony said, one corner of his mouth rising. “Trying to keep him from killing any more people, now? You didn’t seem to care much in Germany.”
"My friends, I have brought a fair amount of antidote," Thor spoke as soon as he saw everyone was assembled. "We can start administering it now."
“Yeah. Sounds ridiculous if you say it like that.” He smiled and leaned in to push his forehead against Tony’s. “And I suppose I’m completely wrong about that. You’ve always been so linear when it comes to your emotions.”
Another arrow; Tony ducked gracefully, and instead threw back a kick that landed Clint on the ground.
Steve froze. Logically, he knew that he was Tony’s boyfriend. It just sounded odd to his ears—hearing that he was anyone’s boyfriend, let alone Tony’s.
“At least three hours if we’re traveling at a normal speed,” she said as she lowered the window flaps to conceal them from the outside. “And I told the driver to take the scenic route.”
To his credit, Rhodey was very good at reading his mind. His eyes softened accordingly. “He didn’t seem angry. Just worried.”
“Hey—hey, wait,” Tony called after him and he stumbled a little in his attempt to reach for Steve’s arm. The guy really was fast when he wanted to be. He was barely able to reach for his wrist before Steve had walked through the door.
“You’re welcome,” Tony said, before glancing over to the bionic arm. “I’ll have to take a look at that. JARVIS—my, uh, robot butler—”
“Come on, Tones,” Rhodes prompted, putting a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “We fixed up your old room for you.”
Down in the garage, Steve opened the car door for Tony, ignoring his eye roll at the gentlemanly move. Then, he came around and climbed into the driver’s seat.
That was—that was just… Tony snorted. So much for planning to tell everyone to pull their punches. In the distance, he spotted Pietro ever-so-subtly dragging Peter out of the way before Clint’s arrow could hit him—though Tony was pretty sure it would’ve missed by a few inches, anyway. Bucky and Natasha were doing their weird martial arts-dance, but to Tony, it mostly looked like they were a second from making out. And whatever it was that Wanda and Vision were doing at the far end of the runway, it looked impressive, but they sure as hell weren’t fighting to kill.
It took longer than Tony liked it to do. But eventually, the lines of Ultron’s minions were thinned, and they all got a breather. And with Fury and the last-minute entry of his Helicarrier, they had at least a chance to get Sokovia’s inhabitant to safety before things really got ugly.
Steve raised a brow, smiling. He hadn’t expected that since Tony had never once mentioned the broken arm. Steve hadn’t even been sure if he’d brought it back home from Siberia. “That’s great. I’m sure he’ll be very happy about that.”
It didn’t take long for Steve to put two and two together. So he jumped the obvious question, and came right to the point. “If I let you take Bucky, he’ll be put away for good.”
Steve spent a lot of time in the gym rooms, these days. Punching away on the many training bags or lifting weights. At first, it didn’t take much to get him out of breath, and more often than not, he found himself wheezing on the floor. But after a while, after weeks passing, his body seemed to adapt, even gaining a little muscle.
you raved about how great Steve is. ‘He’s so funny, Rhodes.’ ‘He’s so smart, Rhodes.’ ‘He’s so not-jock-material, Rhodes.’ And then it all just stopped?
“It’s linked to the campus’ power grid, that’s enough to power ten of him, easy.” Tony slumped back in his chair, feeling the exhaustion in his limbs. He really shouldn’t quit now, Obi was about to show up here any day, and if DUM-E wasn’t working…
" he huffed, half dreaming still. The room was quiet, nothing moved except for the gentle motion of the air under the ceiling fan. Steve had to force himself to loosen his fists into a more lax state. He was panting heavily, mostly shaken. His whole body felt sweaty.
The guy that called himself ‘Red Skull’ killed innocents out there. And he planned something that could pose a real threat to the whole world. He’d made a career out of it, of sacrificing many to gain what he wanted, and evidently, it was just the start of something even more horrifying.
It was early next morning when Tony sat in the living room in his and Steve’s facility apartment, cradling Ian in his arms as he gave him the bottle. He nursed a headache of epic proportions and since a whole long while, he really longed for a drink.
. Dating mostly included spending the day at one of their homes in New York or Massachusetts, watching movies, cooking dinner, or Tony working on Barnes’ bionic arm at his workshop while Steve spent the time doodling on the couch next to him.
So he leaned forward and took Tony’s hand in his. He brushed its back with his thumb, a delicate, helpless touch. “You’re not crazy, I would never laugh at you and… And I would love to try. Camping… and the other thing, too.”
Steve didn't need a talk with his best friend for that, but it was a nice distraction. They had something to eat before Steve got ready to leave for work. He'd planned to squeeze in a bit of gym time before work, but with his head still tender with post intoxication, he decided it would be best not to test his limits.
The room was strange. That was the first thought running through Steve’s head. For one, there was a bed that was twice as huge as the largest bed Steve had ever seen. Its frame consisted of a metallic frame that was bent into an odd looking shape. The sheets looked smooth and thin, almost gloomy, and there were about eight different pillows stacked at its head. Above the bed, a painting hung on the wall. Steve frowned as he took a brief look at it. There was a bright blue, abstract form on the canvas, something he’d never seen in any kind of museum.
“Know what about him?” Rhodey asked from where he stood in the doorway to the bathroom. He was already dressed, a small towel slung around his neck.
The first thing Steve noticed upon waking up was a deep pounding ache in the crown of his head. He immediately noticed other, more alarming facts about his situation. He had a leg and an arm slung snugly around a very warm, very firm shape of a person, and his other hand was completely numb, serving as a cushion for his head. He was shirtless… and also pressing his hard-on against his captive's backside.
They would overcome whatever the future held in store for them, and at the end of every day, they had all they needed in each other. There was still so much to do, so many promises to keep, and Steve would see them kept. They would together.
… moved across Tony’s face, but he hid it quickly behind one of his publicity-smiles. “You look like a goldfish,” he said. “I’m… flexible. Always have been. I take it you didn’t know that?”
Tony nodded. “Exactly. I admit I should’ve paid you a visit after my team found you, introduce you to this world myself, but I didn’t want to mess up your first weeks here. I’m not the man you met in your dreams. I didn’t want to guilt-trip you into something that’d make you uncomfortable.”
With Bucky gone, everything was in question now. Everything had slowed around Steve. He knew the world was in danger. True danger. He knew it all, but the distance between knowledge and action seemed endless. He couldn’t move. He was literally frozen in place—staring at the broken pub around him as the world provided a true definition of slow motion.
“Obi’s angry about my decision,” Tony explained with an amused little smile. “But he has every right to be. I sprang this on him very sudden. He just needs time to come around.”
Then his hands were on Tony’s chest and then his lips, licking at one nipple, pressing it against the roof of his mouth. Tony was making helpless, inarticulate sounds in his throat, his hands clenching on Steve’s head.
"What?" Bucky exclaimed. "You're gonna let that shrimp drive you away? Not happening. Come on. Let me buy you another drink and you'll forget he exists in no time."
“You were one step from drooling,” Tony said, leaning up and brushing his lips over Steve’s. His hands slid over his back, nimble fingers massaging his skin through Steve’s shirt. “Can I?” he whispered, sliding his hands down to the hem of his shirt so he would not mistake his intent.
“Alright,” a different voice supplied on a sigh. “Keep the others informed. I’ll join them as soon as he wakes up.”
Seemed to be a lot of those going around. He would have to let Steve do this, of course. He had to. He had no place intervening. Steve was determined. That much was indisputable.
Was it possible that he knew about… about Tony’s infatuation with him? Had he figured it out at some point?
it, but just knowing that Steve cared enough to gauge every single one of Tony’s reactions before he moved further was…
“We have to find out what all of this means,” Strange said, glancing at Bruce and Tony briefly. “Best case scenario: You’ll get back to your timeline with no immediate changes whatsoever, but having two sets of memories.”
Thank you all for your enthusiastic response! We hope you enjoy this part as much as we enjoyed writing it ^^
Steve looked away, then cleared his throat. “You don’t need me right now, do you? I’d… I’d like to change out of my uniform. I didn’t get in contact with the slime, but… can I take a shower somewhere? And grab some clothes?”
“Yes,” Natasha said with audible sympathy. “And you are faring far better than he was, if that’s any consolation.”
He was wearing jeans and a band shirt, no shoes, no socks, and there were oil stains on his arms. Consequently, he’d probably been working in his workshop.
he said before he turned away, and no sooner did he feel the burn of Steve’s gaze boring into the back of his neck.
A van came to a squeaky halt, kicking up a dust cloud. Steve smiled when he saw Pietro and Wanda step up to them, Clint in tow.
“The Austrian government obviously sent a wetworks-team in Vienna.” Clint said as he leaned forward to look at Steve. “They had orders to kill Bucky, which didn’t work out so well. So—my lucky guess: Now Tony will have to do what they couldn’t.”
Tony’s eyes blazed with sudden want and then his arms wrapped around Steve in a manner that was purely instinct. He pushed Steve down with an admittedly surprising amount of strength and guided him into the tent. He had Steve on the floor within seconds, his lips dancing down his throat as he managed to yank his shirt from the waistband of his jeans.
And when he finally made his move, swallowing him in a fierce kiss, Tony had seen it coming. There was still that lost moment of surprise that it was happening
It took considerable effort to keep himself from shaking in his spot. The headache was ever present, and Steve really needed the distance, but Tony was still
For the past two years, he and Steve had worked together side by side, solving one case after the other. And yet, Steve had never believed him when Tony had told him about his true identity. That he was, in fact, not just ‘Lucifer Morningstar’, but the actual ruler of Hell.
Tony closed his eyes, concentrating on the battle once more. Navigating the Iron Legion didn’t take much of Tony’s attention, these days. JARVIS was doing all of the actual calculations, deciding how and where to attack. Only when it came to thinking outside of the box, making some not-all-that-logical decision, it was Tony’s turn to take control. Together, they were piloting around thirty suits simultaneously and by now, they worked like a well-oiled machine, precise, intuitive, trusting each other implicitly to make the right calls at the right time.
“Steve, if he did do it on purpose, he did it because he believed it would help us to bring Ultron down before he could hurt any more people. He did it because he loves you and decided Extremis wasn’t worth it for something to come between you. Whatever it was, it was his decision to make, and I think you should respect that.”
.” Tony sighed deeply, as he leaned forward, reaching for one of his screwdrivers, absently turning it around between his fingers. Of course he’d thought about that. Seeing Peggy again, or that friend of his, or maybe even his parents, it was bound to leave him hurting. “Just wish he wouldn’t try to deal with it on his own.”
The thought was gone before Steve could get a hold on it. The next second, the shooter flung the shield back at him with so much force that it threw him right off his feet. He was pushed backwards, immediately forcing himself to stand up again, but the man was already gone.
There was a strangled sound cutting through the silence and only after a moment, Tony realized he was sobbing.
For a moment, Tony’s eyes flickered down to his tattered jeans and the grease-stained tank top, then back to Steve’s perfectly groomed attire, and for some weird reason, he felt a surge of bashfulness go through him.
Ignoring Steve, Tony looked up at Wanda. “You saw it. What will happen. We all need to stick together. This is more important than me. You—”
Tony had lain down next to him, resting his cheek against Steve’s shoulder and gently running his fingers over his chest, spreading the come a little. It should probably gross him out to some degree, but he couldn’t find it in himself to care.
Below them, the city was exploding into chaos, aliens attacking through all its streets and buildings. Heroes, SHIELD agents, even the US Army and the goddamn NYPD were fighting them off as good as they could, but it was all no use if Thanos couldn’t be stopped within the next few minutes.
I?” Stane asked as the sharp wind blew past the window’s shutters. “He’s an idealistic fool. He always has been.” He huffed, and his usually emotionless eyes filled with the blackest hate Steve had ever seen. “And
—this was exactly the kind of parent he didn’t want to be, he reasoned with himself. He wouldn’t be handing Ian off to someone else whenever things got difficult. Relying on Veronica was fine, but right now, Ian wasn’t feeling well, and he needed his father.
“For seventy years HYDRA has been secretly feeding crisis. Reaping war. And when history did not cooperate, history was changed.”
How many times had Tony dreamed of this sight? He wiped Steve’s cheek with his good hand, and it came away wet. Steve was crying for him. And dammit, the sight was too much to bear.
Tony groaned and rubbed his eyes. That wasn’t something Steve could just assume. “You’re talking to Natasha, aren’t you.” It wasn’t a question. He knew the two had never really been on the outs.
Leaning over while making sure he wasn't pushing Tony's body into any odd or uncomfortable position, he let his face hover over Tony's. "What do
otherwise. No one deserves to carry this kind of sexual tension for so long. Besides, I was trying to get Cap laid."
Tony just shrugged and looked around at the others. His eyes lingered on Bucky. “I didn’t think… you’re all just fine with it?”
Steve moved again, pulling Tony nearer once more. “You know I always trust you to do the right thing.”
Steve couldn’t help himself, he laughed with relief. It made kissing a whole lot more difficult, but he couldn’t help himself.
Pepper’s arms were folded tightly across her chest and her face was twisted in a furious, heated mask. Her body vibrated as her dangling right foot moved rapidly up and down. Every once in a while, she’d close her eyes and take a deep breath and it was during those moments that Tony thought she might finally calm down but then she’d open her eyes, take one look at him and start the process all over again.
about it all the time. And no matter how much Steve ignored his advances, it just didn't seem to deter Tony at all.
“You really gotta ask?” Steve said as he leaned down to kiss Tony’s throat. Somewhere deep down in his mind, he knew they shouldn’t be doing this—avoiding this conversation. They’d been doing it for a while, always interrupting themselves when things got heady—and he was very well aware that that wasn’t exactly a healthy communication system, but…
“Don’t hang up,” he hurried to say, and dammit, whenever he brought Bucky up, their conversation deteriorated into a fight.
There was a sharp intake of breath as Tony’s hand was suddenly dipping into Steve’s pants, diving right between his legs. “Are you serious?” Tony gasped against his skin, the hitch clear in his voice. “You know, if you’d told me you were going commando tonight, we never would’ve made it to the altar.”
Raising his chin, Tony was ready to give Steve a piece of his mind, but was robbed of the option, when—suddenly—Steve leaned in and kissed him.
Natasha sighed, clearly exasperated. “Aren’t you tired of letting all those chances going to waste?”
Steve winced sympathetically at the mentioning of Tony's knees. His own knees weren't all that thrilled about the hard tiles they'd been kneeling on, either, so he could only imagine how much worse it must be for Tony. The loss of heat was definitely regrettable, but not too bad, since they stayed close enough.
“Bionic, actually,” he said, pointing down at the upper part of the prosthesis. “I think I found a way to link the arm’s grip patterns and movement mechanisms straight to your nervous system, no surgery needed. If this works out the way I plan—and it usually does—it will react and move just like a normal arm. It might be a little heavier in the current configuration, but I think I can work out the kinks before you do your first test run.”
Tony pressed his eyes closed, then giggled. “Bullshit, you’ll manage just fine. Let’s do it together?”
Tony rolled around until he was lying on his back, looking up at Steve with still sleepy eyes. “Am now,” he said and raised a hand at Steve. “Come’ere.”
Tony snorted. “I want bonus points for not having Extremis peek via camera. I’m expecting a reward, and when I say ‘reward’ I’m talking naughty things, Steven.”
“The Hot Cocoa President,” Tony explained long-suffering, but his voice was all amusement, as he guided Cooper into the kitchen with him. Steve had to fight back a grin when Cooper only raised an unimpressed eyebrow, the expression on his face painfully familiar, and crossed his tiny arms in front of his chest.
With that, Tony got up, padding through the nearly empty room, unnerved by the lack of clear instructions from Steve’s side. His vitals indicated that one of Barnes’ knife had already cut Steve right across his chest and Tony… he was rapidly nearing his breaking point—his nerves had been frayed from the start, and his worry for Steve clouded his judgment. He knew he should trust Steve to know his limits, knew he needed to trust that Steve would let it drop before Barnes could kill him, but still.
He turned around again then, looking at Steve while pressing his back against the railing. Steve’s blue eyes were full of emotion, and Tony’s own widened a little when he saw Steve stepping closer. “With the Accords,” Tony went on. “I’d like to think I’ve done everything I could to get through the whole deal—with you,
Tony blinked slowly, and his expression hardened. He tried pulling his hand away, but Vision was having none of it, keeping it right where he was. “You
came to mind, but Steve simply cleared his throat and allowed himself a small, careful smile. "Well, will you?" he asked, not bothering to try and hide the hope in his voice.
Tony cast an assessing glance at the area. “We should go round and see where we can work our way down to where the twins are. I’m guessing he’ll be using them as guards. Rumlow will probably keep one of his goons with them and send his right-hand man to bring the vial out of here.”
Tony hummed in agreement, leaning against the doorway. Bruce’s friend sure was handsome, by all definitions of the word. Soft looking lips, sun blond hair, and clear blue eyes that made him look both young and world-weary. Tony imagined he had a great body, considering the way his gray shirt hugged his torso and his pants tightened around his thighs.
Steve tore his uniform-top off over his head and tucked it underneath Tony’s back. The pain in his stomach was only an afterthought as Steve hurriedly pressed bandages against both sides of his wound, trying to staunch the flow as he secured it with his shirt. Steve shook his head. “Gotta get you to a hospital.”
It would be different if Steve were here in the flesh. Tony made no mistake in admitting to himself that if Steve had said these things to his face, right now, he wouldn’t have gotten past saying his name without a fist to his nose. But he wasn’t there. He was a voice through a receiver that had no face, no piercing blue eyes to see right through him.
, asking questions Steve didn't want to answer, saying things Steve found ridiculous and unrelated. Steve shook his head again.
“Because,” Clint continued, “we knew what knowing about him would do to you. We like you, Steve. You were a bit like a lost puppy back then, but we liked you right from the start. You were our friend, and we
And suddenly, the idea of going back and facing him, talking to him and lay his heart open, seemed like the most impossible thing.
Before he could keep apologizing for the piss-poor way he’d sprung this on Steve, Steve was already moving, cradling Tony’s face in both hands and kissing him. He kissed Tony’s ear and his jaw, working his way around to his mouth and then lingering there.
“I know, but we’re going to start at the beginning.” Natasha smiled at him, ran a comforting hand down his back.
That was… really not who he’d expected. He thought he’d only be seeing him in a few weeks, or months, even. And he’d planned to have some kind of prototype ready, not just a first rough blueprint. The fact that he was here,
Like a spell breaking, everything returned to him at once. HYDRA. Arnim Zola. He looked over at the man with something akin to shock. “I fell. You found me.”
When he’d ripped off the gauntlet from Rumlow’s hand, a second was already coming for him. Only then did Steve manage to kick Rumlow in the stomach, which had him flying across the ground.
With that, Tony sat up, and with a little prompting, Steve let him go, rolling on his back instead. Tony mourned the lost closeness immediately, but stood up nevertheless.
Thus, his body followed first instinct and walked over to Steve, who was now sitting alone at the bar, clearly not in the mood for talking, and still with a slight scowl on his face.
Bracing himself, Steve turned his hand in Tony’s own, pushing Tony’s fingers open until their palms pressed together.
It was an outdated model, but clearly pimped somehow. He hadn’t taken a closer look at it so far, but it seemed sturdy, impact resistant, and if he had to take a wild guess, he’d say there was probably a GPS jammer in there.
“Patience, Casanova,” Steve said, patting his cheek. “I promise you can eat all the chocolate you want… from wherever you want.”
"Fire? Really, Brucie? Elemental weakness?" Tony chimed in as he lasered off one of the creature's vines, leaving it wiggling on the ground. This thing really was all over the place, with its weird vine-tentacle-arms. Tony chuckled. “There you have it. Maybe it’s a Bellsprout.”
And when he met Steve’s gaze again, Tony also made sure he saw the inferno in his eyes. The inferno that spanned over miles across a black sea. There was no light in the devil’s eyes, no sun, just a blanket of smoke and fire.
A self-deprecating smile grazed Bucky’s lips. He shook his head. “Worse. Most of the time, I didn’t stand a chance against them.”
?” he countered. Since this was a dream, he figured he didn’t have to beat around the bush, didn’t have to control, which words left his mouth and which better didn’t.
Tony barely noticed. His chest heaved, sweat stung his eyes, and Steve was in front of him. And then everything stopped.
Tony swallowed, shaking his head ever so slightly. He sighed. “When I met Indries…” he started. “I was… enchanted by her, as everyone was. She was intelligent, charming and fierce. My father, who never approved of anyone, approved of her, partly because she was Obi’s assistant and partly because she had put an end to my bachelor days. It took three weeks before he suggested we wed. I wasn’t sure I loved her, but everyone suggested I did, and it seemed a reasonable thing to do at the time so… we were married.” He sighed again and cast his gaze downward. “I was told I was the luckiest man in the world. And I believed them, at first. But I never had a moment’s happiness with her. She was incapable of love… or tenderness or decency. It didn’t take long before I realized what kind of person Indries was. She certainly didn’t try to hide it. With me at her side she had all the money and power she needed to have everything she ever wanted. That’s
“What?” Tony snapped, his brown eyes blazing with anger as he turned around to face Steve. “And because I’m rich you think I’ve never slept in a fucking tent?”
Natasha barely even turned her head as the three men walked into the room, and her drowsy expression didn’t change at all but for a languid smile that appeared at the corners of her mouth. “Hello, boys.”
He knew she was right. There was always that terrible sense of loss upon awakening, but not much else.
"Ah yes," Stane said, reluctantly letting go of Tony in favor of shaking Steve's hand. His grip was firm, a tad too tight, Steve thought absently, as he assessed the man before him. Large, and clearly of considerable muscle mass. Some of his size could be attributed to fat, but Steve paid that no attention. They were of the same height, so neither had to look up to the other, but Steve got the feeling this irritated the man more than he was letting on with that fake smile. "You’re Tony's little surprise, was it?" Stane said, glancing to Tony with mock question taking over his features.
There was Steve, standing in the middle of his bedroom. He was still in his uniform, meaning he hadn’t even been to his own room yet.
Tony just sighed in relief and collapsed against Steve’s shoulder, his eyes fluttering shut as Steve squeezed him in reassurance.
Steve swallowed. It was hard to tell if Tony knew about their future, or if he was just generally not that keen on seeing him. It was all… it was all equally likely, wasn’t it? Even though he’d spent days—weeks—around Tony Stark, he had no idea what
Tony didn’t know how long he stayed like that, lying on the empty hotel bed and staring at Steve’s sleeping form, until exhaustion finally worked its way through him.
Tony smiled sadly. He’d pulled both of Steve’s hands on his lap, brushing his fingers over Steve’s with soothing movements. “I know you tried to save him. And Bucky chose to go with you.”
“You’re not happy right now, are you?” Carefully, he picked the baby up and held it against his shoulder, patting its shaking back. “And if you’re not happy… nobody’s happy. Isn’t that right, little squid?”
“And what happens when the shooting starts again?” Tony snarls. “I won’t let you kill my team-members. Do you want Captain America’s blood on your hands?”
There were times he thought he’d slept for years, or at least it felt like it. He would fade away and wake up forever later only to find more of him missing. It was as though the corners in his mind had started to round, rendering the shapes which he had relied upon into nothing more than familiar blurs. Things he’d known all his life began running together. Life before seemed like a place he’d dreamed, an unanswered wish. People he’d kept with him became phantoms, and every day, he lost something important. Something he should try to hold onto, but couldn’t despite his best efforts.
Steve exhaled slowly, his wide eyes enamoured with the man in front of him. He had to file that information away and keep it safe. He couldn’t forget. Tony might never share anything else about his life.
There was no sense in trying to fill their fears with empty promises. Nothing was ever certain, especially where they were concerned. All they had was the moment. And stolen ones, such as these, made it all the sweeter.
Steve clenched his teeth and thrust harder. The deeper he burrowed himself, the more he wanted to stay there. Tony had started clenching his muscles and at the first contraction, Steve’s eyes went wide with shock.
The transition, it seemed, finally jarred Steve out of his stupor. “How…” he started, then seemed to be at a loss for words.
Pepper Potts was… a tornado on high heels. Obi had repositioned her as Tony’s assistant, which was, as far as Tony could tell for now, the one single good thing he’d done in a whole long while.
Steve was already waiting for him when he reached the bottom. Their eyes met. For a moment they stood still, as though afraid of breaking the thread that seemed to stretch across the room to connect them. Gradually, it pulled them closer. Tony had no name for it. It felt almost a sacrilege to try and put words to this new thing between them.
Her smile broke into a grin, and she patted him once more, before sauntering to the exit. “Have fun, love birds,” she called, and then she was gone.
“I’m just trying to get Bucky out of the picture before it gets worse. It’s not right that he’s making an example of him.”
was… something else entirely. It was hot and slick and soft groans and trembling limbs. They were rolling and pushing against one another like oil and vinegar, moving in tandem as their climaxes built. Every time Steve pulled back, Tony moved to slide down the length of him, rolling his hips until their bodies were touching again. And all the while, Steve stayed safe and steady on top of him, his cock throbbing inside Tony, while he kissed him so sweetly he could cry.
With a low breath, Bucky sat down, and within the next minutes, Tony busied himself with getting the arm back in place. His movements were precise and efficient, just as the few times Tony had worked on his arm before.
The gossip made Steve sick to the bones, but Tony remained calm throughout every inquiry, be it by the police or some journalist. His eyes, however, always remained on Steve—determined, focused, but full of fear as well, as though he expected him to disappear any moment.
"Unique," Steve answered, smiling at Tony's face, encased in the Iron Man helmet. "We can at least be sure we're original."
for today.” Nat gave Steve a pointed look that meant nothing to him, but seemed to mean a lot to her. Steve tried for a smile and said nothing.
“You know…” he started and cleared his throat, “if you want to talk about Bucky… I’d be willing to listen.”
Steve huffed, before rubbing his forehead. “Let’s just say the first encounter between my best friend and my husband didn’t go all that well.”
Another beat moved between them and the electricity in the air was more than palpable. And suddenly, Steve’s hands itched with the urge to touch him, because—oh
Next to Steve, the elevator’s doors had opened, and Steve was able to pull Tony in before he could participate in the argument, so that clearly counted as a win.
A breeze of fire swept around Steve’s body—heat unlike anything he’d ever felt. It shook him to the bone, mashed shattered pieces into powder, pulled and tugged. It was heat that wanted him, wanted to consume, wanted to waste everything in its path.
Natasha studied him for a minute and raised a tentative hand to palm his cheek. “No matter what they tried to tell you, no matter what they wanted to make you believe,” she said, thumb caressing circles into his skin, “you’re still you where it counts. Here…” She gently drummed her fingers against his temple, then slid her touch southward until it rested above his heart. “And here.”
Steve nodded. He was definitely looking forward to that, too. His time at high school had been good, and their football team had meant the world to him. But now he could finally take the next step, and he almost couldn’t wait. “Yeah, I know what you mean. I… didn’t really have the time to do the things I wanted in high school. I’m glad I’m getting that chance now.”
“Thanks,” Tony called after her, and seized the opportunity to leap away the next second, but the situation around him was quickly spiraling out of control.
He stood in the shadows of a birch tree, and watched as the woman got into the scientist’s oldtimer Mustang. She was laughing, and excused herself politely for being late.
“Great,” Steve agreed and stood up to hug Bucky, but the UN soldiers were gesturing towards the exit rather hurriedly now, so Steve only clasped a hand on his shoulder. “Safe flight.”
"Oh he loved me," he said, glancing at the still form on the couch. "I'm sure he'll be thrilled about the headache he's going to have when he wakes up, too." He sighed, and finally took the ice-pack from DUM-E. He didn't exactly need it, but it was a sweet gesture, and Steve sent a small smile at the robot. "Thanks."
The others, however, walked right up to them. Slowly, one after the other, their gazes settled on Tony.
by Steve’s decision. If he wanted him to stay, he could’ve said so, couldn’t he? He obviously hadn’t wanted Steve around, he was glad not to see him every day anymore.
“Yeah, I know.” He dropped his eyes a little. “And you have every right to be. I was arrogant, thinking I could understand something as complex as the scepter’s matrix in just a few days.”
Lying half on top of Tony a few minutes later, his cheek pillowed on the hard muscle of his chest, Steve smiled as he listened to the steady thump of his heartbeat, and the low vibration of the arc reactor. “Happy birthday,” he whispered.
having you around like this. For once, we weren’t so horribly tense around each other and… and at some point, I think I missed my window.” He shook his head. “I’m sorry. For what it’s worth, I’m so sorry. I wanted to tell you before Lagos, but…”
“So.” Rhodey assumed the vacant seat next to Tony’s bed, plopping a mug full of coffee into his empty hands. “Maybe this will get you talking.”
He closed his eyes for just a second, collecting himself, before he leaned forward. He nipped at Steve’s lips, then reached to the side and opened the drawer. The lube was easy enough to find, and when he located a row of condoms too, he grabbed for those as well. “Just checking,” he said, his lips hovering above Steve’s, “we don’t need those, do we? If you’d like to have a barrier, I can work with that, too.”
“Glad you’re so interested in your team’s future,” Tony said with a scoff, and got a tiny ball of paper thrown at his forehead for his trouble. He pooled the moist thing off his skin, disgusted. “What are you, twelve?”
"Thor, make sure Black Widow and Hawkeye are looked after and brought in quickly, will you?" Steve said into the comm, only getting a confirming hum.
That probably made a lot of sense to people like Strange, Tony thought a bit hysterically. He brought the necklace over his head. The green light of the Time Gem flickered, and at once, there was a voice in his head.
An hour later, Tony was twirling a glass of Gin between his fingers. He wasn’t as drunk as he’d like to be, but Rhodey was having a great time, moving around on the dancefloor with some cute girl, so Tony wouldn’t be the party pooper and tell him he’d prefer to sit at home and sulk, after all.
"You think you're the only pervert around?" Bucky asked when Steve gave him his best offended look. "Besides, it's not like you're going after a kindergarten kid here. He's gonna be legal in a few months."
His voice was quiet and the self-loathing made itself apparent, though Tony obviously tried not to let any emotions show, and Steve thought that maybe, for the first time, he truly understood why Tony had become the man he was today.
. You’re too fucking much. It’s like… all my fantasies coming true, only that you aren’t wearing half your football dress.” With that, he finished kicking off his sweatpants in a hurry and then spread his knees wider. “Come on.”
“Everything is just the way it was,” Stane continued as he walked to the vanity, picking up a brush. “She often sat here, brushing her hair. Sometimes I think I can still hear her. Humming a melody. Not just here… in the whole house.”
With Sam and Bucky at his side, they headed up a last set of stairs, and when Steve rounded up the corner that led to the elevators, the two stayed on his heels, their presences steadying. They kept following him through the hallway, to the elevator on the left, and slipped inside.
The team’s voices washed over him, but he was so tired he found it almost impossible to focus. He knew he should be discussing plans, come up with tactics, but his head was pounding and he found it impossible to even keep his eyes open. The bleeding had blessedly stopped at one point, but the skin around his eyes still felt raw. His mind was a swirl of information and data to the point that he physically couldn’t hold still. Extremis was running on maximum capacity, keeping him on edge at all times.
“So… this place is overrated, don’t you think?” he asked as he sat down on the stool next to Steve, gently taking the glass out of his hand and putting it aside.
“You came back to change what happened,” Steve whispered. “And you did. You saved us all. Now you should stop thinking all of it is your responsibility. People mess up. We’ll mess up, too, I’m sure. But we’ll work it out together.”
“Sooo…” Tony said, hoisting himself onto the counter next to where Steve was sitting. Despite how very much things had not gone the way he’d planned for them to go, he couldn’t stop grinning. His mouth quirked upwards every time DUM-E made a pensive whirring noise, delicately dabbing an ice-pack against Steve’s red knuckles with his huge claw.
Natasha was a nice person, though. They got along well, and he might as well call her and Clint his friends now. They always kept him company at breakfast and dinner, and joined most of his sparring sessions.
Tony shifted upward. His hand dawdled to Steve’s chest, where he etched feather-light patterns into skin.
“Right. Well then, this is how it goes,” Tony announced, loud enough that even Ross’ guys would be hearing him. Of course, it wasn’t exactly necessary since they were monitoring their comms, too. “You’re gonna turn Barnes over and you’re gonna come with us.”
“Charmer,” Tony said, and raised his arms a little so Steve could pull off Tony’s shirt. He did the same with his own, and then it was just them, and nothing in between.
“Suit yourself,” Steve said, pushing away. “It’s just as well anyway. I feel a headache coming on.” He massaged his temples. “The kind that lasts for two or three days.”
Another two weeks without seeing each other. Christ, he’d really started to hate this long-distance relationship thing. He’d known it wouldn’t be easy, of course—being away from Tony rarely was—but he hadn’t thought he would feel this bad about it.
“Nope. I think he woke up on the wrong side of the crib.” Tony shrugged, about to get a bottle from the fridge. “So what’s with pancakes this morning?”
Steve was gone. His entire being was focused on the slide in and out of his body, the devouring kiss, Tony's words. He couldn't answer, didn't have the words, but it rang true anyway. If he were Tony's, they could be doing this whenever they wanted. He could wake up in Tony's bed and bring him breakfast, and they could be together, they could be unbeatable.
“I can’t show you all of it,” Strange told him. “Just brief glimpses. As time, memories fade as well, and those other possibilities, they’ve almost fully disappeared by now.”
Steve’s breath caught when Tony reached for his hand and pressed its palm against his mouth, kissing it. His other hand brushed the material of his uniform top, pausing at the darkened star in the middle of it.
"That's alright," Bucky said with a shrug. Steve didn't know what Tony's surprise was all about, and Bucky would have even less of an idea. They both followed Tony quietly further into the lab, and Steve tried to not look too curious about all the new things in the large space.
“Steve,” Tony whispered, slipping a hand between them, his fingers dancing in light movements across his stomach, until he reached the waistband of Steve’s pants. “Damn it, I want you so much. Every second of every day. You’re all I think about.”
No he didn’t. Not always, at least. And Tony didn’t love him—it was obvious. Rhodey didn’t even try to deny it.
“Got an itch?” Steve called, a bit dumbfounded. The wind was so loud now they sometimes had trouble understanding each other.
Tony hummed, leaning back against the wall. He grabbed for his tie, loosening it a little. Wearing suits almost every day would take some getting used to, but it had only taken this one meeting to see how it changed the way people reacted to his presence. To see how they were inclined to listen to what he said, and if he had to be uncomfortable for that, then so be it.
“Please don’t,” Tony choked out, trying to grab for Steve’s hand. “Not now, we don’t have a plan for this.”
“I should be able to locate your past self within a few days,” Strange said. “Bringing you both to your respective sides, however… I’m not sure yet. Am I around in your time? It’d be easier if I could contact myself for help.”
He stared at the blood dripping off the shield’s round surface. With a still beat, the man in front of Bucky toppled to the ground, and moved no more.
Hellooo, I’m back from vacation! Thanks so much for all your kind messages <3 The next chaps will have a split-POV and I’m very excited what you think of it. Please be assured that this is and always will be a Stony-centered fic, and there is going to be more plot on their part, as well as fluff and general sappiness. But: I also felt the need to explore my own Bucknat story a little more, so there's going to be a few scenes in the next chaps that are only focused on those two, and I really hope you guys are going to bear with me, even if you're not much of a Bucknat shipper (I love them, but I don't really *ship* them, or anything). This won't be 100% comic-canon, and not a 100% MCU canon (although I wished it were), but something in-between and I hope you guys will like it. And, yeah, to emphasize this again: We'll come back to the more Stony-centered parts very soon.
him, to know he had to keep his distance when he really wanted to wrap his arms around Tony and keep him as close as possible. But if this made it easier on him, if he needed Steve to stay away, he’d do it.
He thought Tony had wanted to say something then, but Pepper had already called Tony’s name, asking to discuss some very important thing about the hors d’oeuvre, and the moment was gone. Steve had watched him as Tony continued down the hallway, lightly touching his fingertips to the place where his hand had been.
There were retching sounds coming from both Clint and Pietro, and chuckles from Wanda, Bruce and Natasha. Steve pursed his lips and turned around slightly. “Can you give us a bit of privacy?”
And while Steve no longer felt the walls of Stark Mansion were suffocating him, he sometimes still wondered about Mister Hammer’s words. That Tony would eventually tire of him. It might be the truth, and yet Steve couldn’t summon enough regret to wish himself away from Tony’s side. He’d known, from the start, that Tony’s heart belonged to his dead wife—had known that his own love would have to be enough for both of them.
“Charmer,” Tony said. “Come on, screw being sexless parents, I gotta have it. We’ll fuck every minute the squid isn’t around, understood?” Pulling Steve back down, Tony closed his eyes when he kissed the hollow between his pectorals.
“Last time I did, I officially died an hour later, so I wouldn’t call it a hobby,” Fury said, grimacing at the memory. He glanced at Steve. “How’s your boy?”
no intention of joining Tony in the shower, he drifted after him, as if hypnotized. He tried averting his gaze, but Tony’s ass was in his line of sight and Steve felt his cheeks heat as he followed him. He needed to figure out what all of this meant, and sure—the signs were pretty clear, and he guessed whatever clue he needed to find would be wherever Tony was going.
“James had a flashback,” Natasha explained. “Ian was never in danger. Not for a second. I promise.” She glanced at Tony. “Please don’t freak out.”
The little Parker, however, wasn’t having the same luck with Steve. They fought right in front of the hangar, with Peter trying very hard to keep Steve from reaching the Quinjet, and Steve obviously trying very hard not to hurt Peter and still get him to back off. When Parker scrambled back to his feet following a not-that-powerful kick from Steve, Tony made a quick decision.
Steve scooted around the perimeter of the kitchen with his back against the counter, the two of them moving in time. Without any difficulty, any sound, any warning, Bucky leapt over the island, grabbed Steve before he could run away, and pushed the knife against his throat.
to be his erection into the space between Steve’s thighs and gently ran his hands up and down Steve’s arms.
Steve took a deep breath as he glanced at Tony. “There’s one thing. I… I was wondering about the workshop Mister Stane mentioned to me…”
Opening the door, Steve’s eyes moved towards the forbidden stretch of hallway, which led to the west wing. The only place in Stark Mansion he had yet to explore.
“There you are,” a voice said and Steve looked up to see Vision walking in, the golden cape swaying with every step. He almost felt grateful for the interruption, but he was also still slightly uncomfortable, being in the same room with Vision. “Thor asked me to join you while he readies himself for battle.”
“Because I care about you,” Natasha said with one of her teasing smiles that Steve both loved and loathed in equal parts. “Both of you. Even if Tony doesn’t want to hear it.”
He tried to see through the eyes of his other self, that version he’d left behind in the other year 2018, wondering what the other Tony would think of him. Probably something like, “Why the hell are you even still thinking about me?” to start with.
“That was the idea,” she said, and laughed with him. Her small hands brushed hair out of his face, then down his neck, until one of them touched the stump on his right shoulder.
He knew in his heart that he was right. The government might think they had good intentions with this, and of course he didn’t want people to be afraid of them, but this was always the starting point. Eventually, they would be asked to do their country a service here, solve a political issue there, and before they’d know, they might not be able to do what they had set out to do four years ago.
Despite everything, a shiver of fear raced down Steve’s spine. A real meeting meant no hiding. No jerking himself awake.
A loud buzzing penetrated Tony’s sleep. He opened one bleary eye, saw 6:32 AM flashing on the alarm clock and slammed one hand down to stop the noise. The buzzing continued—
Tony pursed his lips in distaste. He hated not knowing. “If you want a divorce after all, at least let me grab a breather after battle. Like, oh… fifty years or so. Sound good to you?”
Tony wanted to answer him, tell him it was okay, that he was going to be fine, but all he could manage were faint mumbles. The last inch was the worst, anticipation and anxiety piquing Tony back to mild awareness, and Bruce seemed to have a hell of a time trying to get it out the way it got in. He moved the blade, and Tony groaned a complaint, his eyes shutting as tight as his loose muscles would let him. No one spoke, and Steve just held him closer.
Steve had no doubt in his mind that Tony liked him and enjoyed his company. He was attracted to Steve, too, as unfathomable as it was. But could he ever love him?
“I’m not feeling sorry for you,” Steve declared. He framed Tony’s face with both of his hands, making sure he was looking at him. “You’re the most intelligent person I know. Feel sorry for you? How could I possibly feel
God, Steve had been such an idiot for not seeing it sooner. The raw emotion in Tony’s gaze when they’d discussed the Accords, his gaze almost swimming in tears when he’d looked at him in Siberia.
Steve let go of the claw when Tony moved in for a hug. He was laughing because at least Tony was self aware, and apparently his creation was already imitating him.
“We always try to be honest with you, Cap,” Clint said, and they all looked at him cautiously. He was perched at the ready, studying Steve with shades of worry. As though Steve was a nuclear explosion waiting to happen. A particularly deep exhale left Clint’s lips, before he continued, “I know you think this is about us being trained for espionage, and sure, yeah, that’s always a part of who we are. There’s stuff I wouldn’t tell either of you, ever, and if I
All in all, everything worked as they had planned should the Avengers be involved in yet another international emergency. And yet, Tony often felt like he was in an old and clichéd western movie. The good guys were surrounded by bad guys, and the bad guys were in turn surrounded by angered Indians.
The memories were between them. Steve had already given him a story in black and white, but now that it was filled with color, Tony was at a loss for words.
Tony looked up at Steve a second longer, the shower water still running all across their bodies, before he cast him a mischievous wink. “Well, in that case…” He let his free hand—the one not currently curled around both of their dicks—trail along Steve’s middle. He flattened his palm against his skin and pointedly moved it towards Steve’s ass. His forefinger pressed further against Steve’s body, trailing a path between those gorgeous two cheeks until he reached Steve’s hole and—
“I might have to spoil the mood now,” he warned, suddenly uncertain that he should be turning cartwheels over his news. Maybe Ultron had changed Tony’s opinion on the whole thing. He hadn’t tried to talk to Tony about it and maybe, with Sokovia’s aftermath pressing down on their shoulders, they’d missed their window.
Tony bit his lower lip, feeling the familiar stab of guilt. He didn’t think he’d ever be completely free of it again—no matter how much time went by, or how much good he managed to do. “You don’t have to make excuses for me.”
“Sure,” Tony mumbled, then remembered something. “Hey Brucie, do you know—uh… will Steve come over here again sometime?”
“Don’t worry, you look great,” Rhodey complimented him. He turned and prodded Tony’s arm. “Say something, man.”
Shifting his hold on Tony so that he maintained as much contact as possible while freeing one hand. Steve then reached into one of the pouches on his utility belt and pulled out a small, flat device. He set it on the floor next to them and flicked it with his forefinger once. It switched on with a single chirp, and cast a light that might not have been too significant in full daylight, but was making it easier even for Steve to see.
Still, when Steve received Tony’s message that afternoon, he had to blink several times, rereading the line over and over again, so he would believe it.
On the way, they ate fish and chips at some roadside booth, straight from the paper. And while the others were giving them strange looks, Tony was doing his best not to look at Steve at all. If anything, the closed confines of the RV only worsened the brewing sickness in his stomach. But he’d survive. He would. It was a matter of preserving what little pride he’d managed to not toss in the gutter.
He was being casual, never outright asking, only hinting that his opinion on the matter might have—hypothetically—changed. He hadn’t imagined Steve would say yes right away… the guy liked to weigh the pros and cons of pretty much everything, so with a big decision like this it would take him a moment to find out how he wanted to do this.
Tony took a sip, once the coffee was finished, then walked over to Steve. Flopping down next to him, he glanced at the book cover.
“What,” Tony asked, that mocking grin back in place. “You suddenly peculiar about sleeping next to me?”
“No, not in detail,” Steve replied. “Not yet, at least. Helen said she didn’t think the world was quite ready for it and we agree.”
Steve sighed and cast him a contemplating look. “I also know about Obadiah.” His face became sympathetic. “About… you know.”
He parted his lips to ask her what she meant, and just barely stopped himself before the words left his mouth. He should hold no interest in her; the mission did not require knowing more than the information in her file.
Tony moaned, thrusting up slightly. His hands wrapped around Steve’s arms, pushing him down until he was pressed against the bed sheet, with Tony lying halfway across his body, his hard flesh resting heavy on Steve’s thigh. Tony blazed a hot, moist path down Steve’s arched neck to his chest.
Tony flexed both hands, while he logged into a different suit which was circling the carrier’s front, and took out most of the cannons and guns in one go. He flew sideways, taking a look into the carrier’s glass dome. It wasn’t overly hard to locate Steve’s form on the bridge above, what with his bullseye target right on his back. It did take him a moment to zoom in on Barnes, though, standing only a few feet away from Steve and staring him down with a cold expression. And Tony could’ve swept into the commando area in no time, but he knew what Steve had asked of him, knew he wanted that try… and for the time being, he would have to stay away.
Steve took a low breath as he regarded Tony. “It’s… most definitely not all apples and sunshine with us. We have arguments, we have really bad days—or really bad weeks. You and I, we still disagree a lot about a lot of things, but we—
“I just… I don’t know what to do,” Tony explained. “We keep coming back here, and I tried to ignore you, and it didn’t help. And then last night, I wanted to… I don’t even know what I was thinking. There was the argument with Obi, and I drank too much, and fell asleep on those stupid missile blueprints he wants to have, and then there was
Oh God, how the guy could be fifty percent Dalai Lama, and fifty percent swooning schoolboy, Tony would never understand.
Yeah, Steve thought with a low breath, he’d really missed looking at Tony. He’d missed everything. He’d missed the way Tony trembled when he moaned. He missed his way with words. And he'd missed the feeling of Tony’s erection in his hand.
He tried to come up with a witty line, as his eyes met Steve’s, but the only thing coming out of his mouth was: “That’s not how I imagined this day would end.”
“What is that?” Steve heard Tony ask. He turned around and watched as Tony walked around a dusty looking monitor. Steve forced his gaze off of Zemo and made to follow. With Bucky stepping up to them, they all stared down at the screen, where a video had just started running.
He realized he had always been waiting for something that didn’t come—someone to break him free from the prison of his mind. And that someone had always been Natalia.
“You know him, too,” she said without glancing away. “You knew him even before I did. Before you became Captain America. He wasn’t always the man he is now.”
He couldn’t shake off the memories. All those dead people—all the blood on his hands. Something inside him was broken and couldn’t be repaired. He had never known remorse or guilt before. And that was the way it was—the way he’d accepted it. The Winter Solider was never meant to bear a conscience, and having all of his memories combined with this new perception of right and wrong—it was tearing him apart.
“You love me,” Tony murmured against Steve’s mouth, their noses brushing against one another. He laughed, good-naturedly, breathing Steve’s air, and breathing him in all at once. “Seriously, sometimes I think this is reverse-world and we’re still back on that carrier, shouting at each other about bottles and wires.”
He’d known before it happened. JARVIS had made the calculations long before the knife even pierced his body.
“Tony?” Steve prompted cautiously, then sighed, when Tony didn’t answer. “I’m glad you called... Wasn’t sure you would.”
That was Steve’s voice. Tony turned his head sideways and he looked over to the church’s entrance, into Natasha’s eyes, and then into Steve’s.
Stane stepped forward, his eyes full with hate as a firm hand suddenly closed around Steve’s wrist. The next thing Steve knew, Stane pushed him towards the window. The
"So long as we try, we'll make it work," he said, sure of that with his entire being. All they needed was to put in the effort. Tilting his head, he let the small smile he'd felt creeping to his face widen. "I'm sure the team would be thrilled to hear you want back in on the action."
"Tony…" he whispered after a low moan. It was a bit of a struggle to keep from thrusting forward, but he managed. It wouldn't do to hurt Tony while he was being so good to him. "So…" He tried praising him, really, but the best word he could find was— "Good…"
"What's that?" Steve asked, reaching for it and removing it carefully. On the front of the envelope, the word
Tony shifted in his seat, his grip on Steve’s knee becoming a bit tight for a moment. “Yes, it was.”
Steve looked around. He’d been here once, in that room, he realized. That was Stark Mansion, wasn’t it? Tony had taken him there, a few weeks after their engagement. He’d wanted him to see the place where he’d grown up, and they’d spent hours upon hours looking at photographs, most of them with Jarvis and Tony, or Peggy and Tony, only rarely stumbling upon a picture where Howard—
He grinned into the kiss, then scrambled out of bed. Following Steve into the bathroom, Tony took a quick shower, toweling himself off afterwards. When he looked up into the slightly fogged mirror, he met Steve’s gaze and smiled, and that look and his face—even while he was shaving off his non-existent stubble—was somehow full of both appreciation and pensiveness.
Tony was very aware of the bulge pressed against his stomach, and slowly, he remembered their not-so-intimate environment. He gasped against Steve’s lips. This was Massachusetts, and the campus was only a few blocks away, and Tony was sort of famous and… this had the potential of getting very bad very fast.
“Nothing,” Sam said, raising his hands in defense. “Just couldn’t decide if your dork-smile was a result of Stark sending you a baby pic, or a dick pic, and the fact that I can’t tell the difference is kind of disturbing.”
It wasn’t completely unreasonable to be at least a bit nervous about this, but he wouldn’t let that deter him.
. The dreams with you should’ve been easy. Should’ve been a wet dream and nothing else. I didn’t ask for this! For all these…” Tony broke off again. “I wake up a half-man, and who do I want there? You’re ruining me—you’re ruining everything—and when you’re gone, what will I fucking
There was a long pause. When Barnes looked up, his eyes were dark but not accusing. “You want me on Steve’s team.” Barnes fidgeted slightly. “Why?”
Because that would’ve made it all a lot more tragic, right? That he hadn’t been able to tell Steve about his feelings, but instead chose to fight him. What kind of person would that make him?
Slowly, Tony turned around, glancing at the man in question, who stood right in front of the elevator. There was an honest-to-Dad crowbar in his hands, and only now, Tony spotted the scratches at the elevator’s doors.
“Uh…” The man looked around, frowning. He waved a dismissive hand at the room. “Should be the Four Seasons, I’m guessing.”
“Drama queen,” he said and shook his head. He put the phone down again, twirled it once, then picked it back up. Biting his lower lip, he pushed down on the call button. Whatever. There was no harm in checking if Steve had at least given him the right number.
Tony groaned with irritation. It was no use. He needed to confront Steve about it. If he wanted to… whatever he wanted… Tony might as well find out about it now.
“That thing with your eyes. I swear to God you copied Steve’s puppy dog eyes, it’s like they silently beg me to love you.” The tension that had been in her voice slowly lifted with her last statement and she even smiled as she looked at him.
“We can’t simply undermine this. At least not right away.” He turned around and paused, his expression hardening. His voice held all the gravity he could muster. “We’ll have to let him make his point,
Tony went straight for Barnes, scaled the side of the guard railing in a running jump and used the force behind his thrusters to kick him forward onto his back. He could’ve killed Barnes then, and easily so. His target system gave him several clear signals. One quick repulsor shot and it would’ve been over.
He hadn’t realized it before, had not thought about it much… the missing days, the missing years. That every time they woke him up, life was a new one. He had never cared much for the lost time. He’d witnessed the changing generations, without fully grasping the extent of their change.
They didn’t do it this way around all that often. In fact, Tony could count the times he’d fucked Steve on one hand, but every time he did, Steve was more than eager. Tony knew that Steve normally liked to be in control, to have Tony panting and moaning beneath him. And the fact that Steve had decided to give that up from time to time meant so much to Tony he couldn’t put it in words.
want?" he asked, trailing a hand along Tony's stomach, knuckles first but the touch light all the same.
“No, of course not,” Tony said. There was a longer pause, as Tony searched for the right words for what he had to tell Steve next. “They’re making progress on the investigation into HYDRA. There’s… more evidence coming through. Seems they’ll investigate on the Avengers’ actions during the events in DC, but Maria thinks we’re on the safe side here. And…” He hesitated, watching Steve warily. “…the Winter Soldier has been charged with murder. If they find out who he is… Bucky will have to go through trial.”
Oh. Dear. Lord. Steve was definitely bright red now. He was really doing this, blushing like a schoolgirl, because of some crass words. In his own dream. In front of a hallucination.
Once he was out of sight, all of them stared at each other, for once at a complete loss at what to do.
Steve closed his eyes, pressing his hands on top of them. He suddenly wished he had stayed with Tony, comforted him, instead of running out of the building. Leaving Tony to deal with the aftermath alone.
Next to them, Clint raised the vial in front of his face, and with a sceptical look, uncorked it. “Bottoms up,” he told the room in general, and as if bracing himself for a shot of tequila, he knocked the whole content back in one go.
tried—to get him to leave with me, join SHIELD together, I might’ve had a chance to stop all of this.”
Tony leaned sideways to grab for both of their clothes and haul them onto the bed. Steve grabbed for his sweatpants, pulling them up over his hips with sharp angered movements.
kill your parents,” he said and watched Tony’s expression darkening for a brief moment. Then, the guy squared his shoulders, and turned sideways, so he looked straight at Bucky.
“The way you tease me and the way you tease Steve are definitely not the same thing, thank god,” Bruce said with a little shake of his head. “I know you had him carry you home last week. He texted me after. He even put you to
Tony sighed, rubbing his temple. He really needed to get his shit together. This, living here with Steve, was just short of heaven. And he needed to protect it with everything he had.
A low breath left Steve’s lips, as his eyes travelled up and down Tony’s body. His body was different from how Steve would have imagined it. His back was more muscular, and the lines of his legs were more defined than he’d expected.
Tony could feel Steve standing right behind him now, and realized that this would all be over really fast. He sighed heavily. The vials blurred the longer he stared at them.
Only a few minutes later, Steve watched as Bucky and Bruce were peacefully chopping fruits on the left side of the kitchen. While Bruce had just sliced his second apple in half, Bucky was about to turn his sixth into perfect tiny cubes, the knife all but flying over the fruit with intense concentration.
“You once said you’d never sleep with me,” Tony said, smiling as he kissed along Steve’s neck. “When Hell freezes over, if I remember correctly.”
Steve’s jaw clenched, and the hands still resting on Tony’s arms moved to his cheeks once again. “You, Tony. I came here for you. And because…”
It was a wild lie. There was no way to tell if Tony was going to tell him anything—especially after their argument at the ball—, but the police officers didn’t have to know that.
The suggestive tone didn't escape him—how could it?—and Steve only managed to stare at him for a moment. What even was this guy? Even with the oddly designed Van Dyke he had going, he looked very young.
Tony’s eyes widened the barest of fractions as he caught Steve’s movement. And still—he didn’t pull back. Instead, there was now a mad gleam in his eyes. Steve stilled momentarily, savoring this moment, taking in the sheer incredibility of it.
With that, the three of them walked towards the vault, Wong trailing behind them. The circular room was basically a cave lit by torches; dark marble arch with words in a strange language written on its wall. At the far end of the room, two shallow steps led up to another archway that opened on a passageway that seemed to recede forever.
A low chuckle left Tony’s throat. “Pretty sure Romanoff will give me the world’s most frightening shovel talk at some point but apart from that… I guess it depends on where we take this.”
God, but Steve was pressing his whole body against him, and a hard whimper tickled Tony’s throat as Steve gently bit into his lower lip. Tony knew he should be doing something—he was the only one remotely sober here—but fuck it all, Steve tasted good. He tasted
A sigh rolled off his shoulders. “He’s still wrong about this. He’s been wrong about this since I met him.”
it’s the safest place for him. He should have people around him who care. And people who can put him in his place if need be.”
“You blocked the entrance,” Steve explained, breathing harshly. From the way his head was bowed, Tony suspected he was either preparing a speech or bracing himself for a fight.
