“You’re letting her feel
“Yeah.” Tony agrees, his lips twisting in bitter resignation.
“Yeah, they
(God.)
Dare he say it – this is
The building beside it is half-demolished, caught in the destruction of whatever blew up the taller one, and there are
he feels emerging from deep inside his chest, squeezing like a fist around his heart. When he speaks, he sounds
“You scared me.” She says, slightly irritated. “A little warning would be nice, next time.”
, and we’re gonna walk around and scare some of her old classmates. Tony isn’t the only one with a gorgeous partner here, is he?”
And Tony knows. Tony knows he can’t console them because he knows no one can console
“Better safe than sorry.” Sam shrugs.
“I know. But if she decides she wants to face the crowd, there’s nothing we can do about that.” Clint says resignedly.
Steve won’t tell him it’s too late for that. It wouldn’t make a difference.
So he says nothing.
“And animals as well, we can logically assume.” FRIDAY adds.
Let's get into some very serious issues here.
He’d really thought he’d be able to get through this, didn’t he? Stupid Tony. Stupid, naïve Tony. He really thought he could
and then acting as if the blame is his’ alone to shoulder. It’s
Rhodey is in his braces, as he always is, these days, because Tony had
“I enjoy being right.” T’Challa answers, and as much as it sounds like a joke, Steve knows some of it it’s true. “But it’s fine. The offer will stand, for as long as it’s needed.”
Why can’t they
“Practicing for what?”
The others disperse with relative ease. It bothers him, but this
, baby girl.”
“But I think—" Pepper falters, her eyes lowering to the covers hesitantly, her fingers trembling around his wrist where she holds him like a lifeline. His pulse hammers like the wings of a hummingbird beneath the pad of her thumb, heart crying in agony with every beat, cheeks burning hot with shame and a dark pit of wrongness eating his stomach like a blackhole. “I think we need to be real about this thing we can’t seem to fix.”
It’s so – so frustratingly familiar. Rogers’ evasiveness. Tony knows what Rogers is trying to do, and maybe, some other time, in some other circumstance, he’d be glad about it. Maybe! At least Rogers isn’t
“And we need Natasha to find the Wakandan Queen, or else we won’t even make past the front door. If we’re gonna use Vibranium, we’re gonna need a lot – if we can fix the Benatar, Nebula and Rocket can help Thor transport it to the forge of Nida-whatever and we have our Gauntlet.” Tony arguments, and Bruce’s mouth shuts down with a quick movement, and he stops walking towards Tony mid-step.
And the worst of it all is how jagged he sounds, how broken, how fearful of what is to come when he tells Thor:
The thought of the Accords now makes his skin crawl.
“There is.” Steve concedes, leaning back on the couch, pretending to give in to a laziness he definitely doesn’t feel. “That’s why I’m thinking we should go back.”
(Another life.)
The realization that this is
The sun has already gone down and soon enough they’ll have to sleep. Their hotel is on the other side of town, too far away from the tiny apartment Clint rented for himself and Wanda, so they decided to split up for the night. Steve decided to stay, taking up Clint’s offer for the couch – despite him knowing he won’t sleep at all, his body thrumming with nerves, a low hum of worry sizzling under his skin, making the hairs in his arms stand like static –, while Nat and Sam spend one more night at the hotel and gather their belongings in the next morning. As soon as they can they will move closer, and decide what’s the best course of action based on the final outcome of Scott’s trial.
He starts to wrap Tony up again, just in case, but Tony can see his eyes are distant. His hands are cold.
Because it’s a given. Of course there has to be a way. If there isn’t, Tony will
Rhodey interrupts their silent conversation with the oddest question ever.
allow himself to be so reckless and so careless again. He will not allow his ego to put an obstacle in his way of fixing the mess he made, he will not take this sad excuse of a friendship he believed he had with Tony as the limit of what they could have.
“Stark, can you hear me!?”
where he takes a step back and takes it all in, the
(I hope you can still lie to yourself and say your hands are
If Vision’s feelings somehow echoed JARVIS, and they seemed like they did, at least a little, maybe he’d gotten upset when Tony simply left the team and reduced their contact in the first few months after his…
“Show me.”
“You, acting like Steve slapped you when he touched your arm.”
“And what if I want to? Huh?” Tony snaps, blinking rapidly to try and disperse the tears that cloud his vision, head going straight up to look right into her eyes, almost startlingly, despair bleeding into every sound that stutters and wobbles past his trembling lips. “What if I tell you – if I tell you that having you, here, with me, is the only thing keeping me sane, and that I can’t—”
Who wouldn’t be?
” Natasha bites out, practically growling.
, and Tony can
real.
, had a problem with you being a hero.”
, an image manifests itself inside, blurry, but becoming sharper,
(There might not be. He might be truly alone this time.)
“2015.” Bruce supplies. “And it means that
(He could.)
(Remember this, as you remember Afghanistan.)
The door opens behind them.
“I’m sure.” Tony says, trying
She doesn’t answer. She keeps her back to him. She trembles. Tony doesn’t know if the tears actually fall down or no, but it doesn’t matter, because he brought those tears to her eyes anyway and that’s bad enough on its own. There’s… There’s nothing else he can say. What else could he say? That he’ll be okay? That he’ll come back? That he didn’t want this? That he
okay, there is no other choice. He needs to breathe, he needs to stop his heart from hammering painfully inside his ribcage, he has to be
(Depends.)
to bring him back, got a new pot, took a piece of Thor’s axe, but it wasn’t
As long as they can forgive each other.
, and it was so easy to be swept away by the illusion of comfort that a clean slate can give, after everything. His nightmares… His PTSD is the reason why he started to try finding a middle ground between them, the reason why he slowly but surely tried to cut himself off the superhero business, even if ineffectively, he
Steve wonders if this is what friendship with T’Challa is like. Cutting but enlightening, demanding but kind.
“It’ll be fine.” He assures Pepper, and prays it is enough for now.
(And now what?)
Steve honestly laughs a little, because Clint has no way with words at all but
“The same as always. Nothing can stop her from kicking my ass when I need it.” Steve admits, a little embarrassed, and Tony can’t help but give a hearty laugh because yeah, that’s the Sarah Rogers he remembers, and suddenly, he’s overcome with nostalgia for the afternoons he spent at the Rogers’ place, feeling far more comfortable than anywhere else in the world.
have. I pushed him away this whole time, from—”
“Do good!?” Steve interrupts. “You saw what they did to Bucky! He is innocent! And they were going to shoot him on sight!”
“We’ll also need to find a way to
, the same feeling he gets right when the battle finishes, and he realizes he can stop.
Vision also shakes Natasha’s and Sam’s hands, firmly and assuredly, and then – he turns to Wanda.
Sam nods, as if he expected that, but then he pauses. “And you’re ok with that?”
He looks up. Straight into Tony’s eyes.
A wave of pure hopelessness washes over the entire room, Agent Ross going as far as letting himself drop onto one of the couches like a sack of potatoes, losing all control of his weight.
“We can’t shoot them, we can’t gas them.” Cap levels, a deep crease in the middle of his fiercely scrunched eyebrows, jaw visibly locked hard even beneath the fullness of his beard. “Shooting will cause panic, gas is not an option with our current
, and Steve takes a deep breath, unsure how to respond, and he opts for leaning on the tiny counter in the kitchen, looking at the floor and pretending that discussing his teammates romantic feelings doesn’t make him extremely uncomfortable.
“Not completely.” The being contradicts but doesn’t press, not actually trying to offer a solution, just being contrary to his words. Tony gets the impression that much like Quill, this one also likes to disagree just for the sake of disagreeing. “You can work with machines. You fly a metal suit of armor.”
Worse – he’d been an ignorant idiot.
He wishes it wasn’t.
“What about the Power Stone?” Nebula asks suddenly, turning towards Rocket.
That being said, Vision being here does pose a little problem; Because Steve wants to talk to Wanda, about Clint leaving, about her powers, about
Tony is watching the doors of the workshop when Bruce says it, thoughts lost on what lies beyond the glass, the echoes of footsteps up the stairs and the cold chill of the wind that somehow worms its way into the corridors of the Compound; like the dust had, skimming along surfaces in a rush of freezing breath, that makes hairs on his arms stand on end in alert. The words seem to catch up with him late, a delay thick and heavy like fog in his brain, all tendrils of thought lost to another focus, far away.
The city is
And it becomes kind of like… their thing.
“We can debrief them on what happened inside the House in the last few days, see if anyone saw anything, maybe if the President made it or not.”
“You can trust us.” Shuri assures him; but he can see it in her eyes, she knows he won’t believe her. “He is safe here.”
And enters the elevator, and goes away again.
, like when he told her he is always honest – as a
, or whatever, and try to steal the thing that caused this in the first place. You don’t even know where he
and unfocused stare. “Heat signatures are not the most reliable way to calculate such a large mass—”
“Wanna bet how high?” Tony insists, grinning. “If you get it right, I don’t buy it. If I do, I buy it.”
Having her here as a reminder of how this is
Rogers eyes go to the floor, but right there, at the corner of Natasha’s mouth, there is a tug, the phantom of a smile. Tony’s chest twinges with a weird, nostalgic ache, a longing to see her smile he didn’t even know he had until now.
“Compliance with the Sokovia Accords is one of the requirements for permission to act in international grounds— or for non-American citizens. In case of domestic action, Mr. Lang is only restricted to American laws, as is every other American person currently acting as a superhero inside the United States territory.”
. He doesn’t know how else to say it. It drains him, knowing he needs backup to have a bigger chance of this crazy plan working, but the only people he can count on is
(We.)
They are going to make this happen.
Tony just… misses him. He hates this
that dies inside his chest, voiceless before it can even attempt to escape, dying suffocated inside his aching body. All sounds die out, just like the world around him, just like his heart, and he cries in silence, just as he always did. As he learned, a long, long time ago.
“How can you tell?” Thor inquires.
But whenever they fight about something else, about something like… Something like Wanda, or Ultron, or the Accords, something that divides them not by their strategy, but by their
“Buddy, I’m a billionaire, money is not really a problem.”
Tony is here. Tony made it. Fuck – their friends are gone, they are
It feels righteous, and freeing, and goddamned
They’re not broken
“Then why can’t we?” Tony tries. “Can’t we try?”
(When did you lose yourself?)
(There it is, I knew it.)
“FRIDAY said it’d be fine.” Nebula says, a little too meek, and Rocket says absolutely nothing at all, but he makes a motion as if he’s uncertain if he should jump down from the spot where he’d been sitting on the table, perfectly comfortable before Tony
, someone who is as bruised as he is, who is scared and is missing home just like everyone else.
There is always a price.
Steve doesn’t know what to say to that. Sam looks at him, expecting him to answer, but when he doesn’t, they both turn to stare down at the garden, bathed in moonlight through the glass ceiling, quiet and peaceful, like a painting, frozen in time. The air is cooling down from the humid heat of the afternoon, chilly because of the breeze that floats in from the balcony, causing the hairs on his arms to stand up in an unpleasant shiver when it comes in contact with his surprisingly clammy skin.
The worst thing is that Tony knows it too.
, we might get a full picture of how it
Tony also has the very distinct impression that Barton just wants to be alone for a while. He doesn’t know why, he just feels like that’s the case. If it is… Well, Tony can’t
, and now they are watching him as if he’s raising from the grave. Tony, who had once relished in the fact he was the personification of the phoenix, who believed rebirth was the sole purpose of his existence, that resurgence from the ashes was his mission, his destiny, now… Now it feels like disappointment, like he’s disappointed
(He is
If there’s anyone in this universe Tony could probably trust with this, it would be the android, wouldn’t it?
If Steve had any right to do so, he would have done the same.
Sam mutters, concerned, frozen in the middle of his movement to dip his fries into the ketchup. “Let’s hope it’ll be a good one and we won’t have to invade the floating prison again after this.”
Both Thor and Rocket nod, although Rocket seems very dismayed by the quick rejection of his plan.
the weapon for a while now, refusing all gadgets Shuri insisted he’d keep when they left Wakanda so many weeks ago. His body is tense and his fists are balled up, the tendons aching with the stretch, his short nails digging into his palm, grounding him in the slight sting against his own flesh.
“Do you know when this project was initiated?”
“Tony,
, and all would be forgiven?
Impossibly rattled by his own ease, the instinct to raise his guard so deep-seated he cannot hold it back – he attempts a smirk, something that he’s so used to wear he slips it on just like he slips on his suits, and by the way Nebula’s expression shifts into something aggravated, he thinks he succeeds at stalling her from crossing the threshold where she would see too much.
And the first thing he sees is
“I love you too.” She murmurs, and her breath on his feels like a branding, burning on his skin, paradoxically, soft and small like the brush of a kiss. “And I don’t regret it, Tony.”
“Affirmative, Boss.” FRIDAY informs, and falls back silent naturally, as she undoubtably begins to work her way through every channel she has available to update her translators and, by consequence, Nebula’s and Rocket’s.
catastrophe, especially with six of the most powerful things in existence.”
the confusion too great to be kept at bay, even by the overwhelming feelings stirring inside his chest – because
the time to talk about this.
(But then again.)
Danger first, thinking later.
Tony’s mouth opens loosely, no words forthcoming, even if he
“Barton?” Tony asks Natasha, just to be sure.
Tony considers this for a moment, but seeing as he has no better ideas, he nods. “So we’ll do that too. And hopefully, it’ll be enough to buy us some time.”
Steve will take any of these things.
But that’s… That’s not what he’s thinking about now.
All the memories Tony has of Rogers seem to be tainted, somehow. Tony doesn’t know what is real and what is a product of the mess between them that spilled like a cup of coffee shattering on the floor, black liquid spreading through the cracks to stain everything that touches, to drown even the sweetest of things in bitterness.
He has sacrificed so many people unknowingly. So many terrible mistakes.
And it’s great. It’s just… It’s amazing.
“But the government is not the reason why we do this, Cap.
Steve can’t see it. “I kinda think I do.”
hurts twice as much, especially a friend like Natasha.
(What would you do if she was?)
, that they’re getting it, because they only have one shot at this, and Tony can’t have them failing because of misunderstandings again.
But where had all that rage
“Thanks anyway, big guy.” Tony awkwardly says, his lips twisting in discomfort. “I’m sorry. For your friend.”
They heard Tony’s voice.
They leave money on the table and head out the shop, to the street that is already much more crowded than it was before, the sun way too warm and stifling for the heavy clothes they are wearing to hide their suits. Steve takes a look around, making sure no one is following them – a habit at this point –, and starts to head towards their current hotel, through alleyways and less visible areas, just to keep it safe.
… usually that leaves a trail.”
They need to talk. He and Pepper.
” Bruce explains. “If it keeps going up at the rate that it is right now, we might only have sunlight for a couple of hours each day, and the exposure might even decrease over time.”
<return= “greeting”>
Then it is enough.
And they know about Tony. He doesn’t know how many more, besides this one man, but one is just one too many people in the know for Jarvis’ comfort. This man does not seem like an enemy. But who can give him any guarantee that there are no others, with worse intentions, and more motives to act on those intentions?
“There’s no point in separating.” Tony admits, if a bit begrudgingly. “We can’t
“Tony.” Pepper looks at him with wide eyes, blue filled with sadness and concern, the scrunch of her brows so deep it creases lines into her forehead in a way that Tony never wanted to see. She’s so pale her freckles have disappeared into the pallor, the grey light of the days robbing everything, even her glow.
(You walked right into that one, didn’t you?)
But he’s taking it all back. No, he’s
“Tony.” Both Pepper and Rogers call out when they see him, again, like his name is an entire sentence, too many feelings and too much meaning packed into two mere syllables, too many questions Tony has no way of answering with his lungs being so breathless.
“What about you?” Steve insists. “I mean, you’ve been staying with Clint this entire time. If he’s going back… What would you like to do?”
Other students have come in after him, and as the paths and dorms and training rooms start to fill, he readily settles into the spirit of teamwork the Academy promotes. It’s his favorite thing. He makes plenty use of the Gym and the Archives, gets a lot of work done at SHIELD HQ, and he even practices some speeches at the Auditorium every once in a while. It doesn’t even take much convincing for Fury and Pepper Potts to allow him to make an obstacle course, and it’s great to see other people use the space he’s put together for them.
Steve picks up his plate with yesterday’s leftovers, cold and not a single bite taken, and leaves it on the counter before he steps outside the apartment.
, and he tilts to the side and makes a sound that implies a question, facing Nebula almost as if he were truly looking at her.
a genius; Rogers is here because he said he would be, as he always is when it all goes south. As he said it himself, he
is almost too much, almost – but apparently, Steve’s capacity for compartmentalization and adaptability really goes very far. So he takes the mission, and he does it.
“I included something for you.” Tony interrupts, already knowing what she will say, because it doesn’t matter. Not right now. “A system of your own. In case… you know.”
Now let's get this show on the road.
And Tony believes him. He can’t
that Steve feel himself falling quickly into despair, because he never,
He is too hurt to feel glad about it.
, he probably meant something more.” Rogers says.
, if we’re still being treated like criminals.” Sam argues, inclining himself forward so he can get closer to Clint’s face, challenging him unconsciously, making himself look wider and more aggressive. “That’s not good enough.”
“We’re gonna need air filters, as many as possible, as soon as possible. That should be a good start, before we come up with something faster.”
For the others, not so much.
“I was for it, Cap was against it.” Tony says. “I said we
“Tony.” Natasha calls, her tone carefully blank, no judgement, but no understanding. “Did you guys talk about this?”
“I don’t see civilians.” Pepper informs them through comms, out of breath, as she scans the second or the third building frantically. “I think they escaped.”
He doesn’t believe that anymore. Or – he does, but at the same time, he
“Yeah, I do.” Nebula huffs, but instead of elaborating, turns her eyes to the ceiling and asks FRIDAY, “And from the attack in this city?”
(Is this about the Accords?)
(Is that it? Is this his answer?)
is the question.)
What about those people Tony
“What do you mean?” He asks, like a child – a child who has seen too much but it’s still so painfully naïve, a child who still wants to believe they won’t be hurt, knowing that they will anyway.
New York, all those years ago. When Loki came. SHIELD had a reinforced glass cage designed for
He removes his hand slowly, the touch dragging across Tony’s arm with a shocking sensation of electricity, itching all the way down until the cold fingers leave completely from his skin, and Tony hates how self-aware of it he is, the path left tingling across his forearm like they’re sinking into him, the trail of his digits, lingering long after any contact has been made at all.
“They
“My first pick would be Vision.” Tony admits. “But since that can happen… Next in line is… Ultron.”
Tony says they’re fine. He’s smiling when he says it too, and he offers Steve a hug.
He has spent too much time fighting again on his own to be the same man.
“But that still doesn’t help us at all.” She concludes. “I don’t know if that means they’re related, all I know is that it
They are not good with kindness, it seems.
“Yes.” FRIDAY agrees, back to her formal tone and efficient organizing. “According to footage of the War Machine armor, sixteen hours after they were already in Wakanda, preparing for battle with the aid of King T’Challa.”
“Yes, Boss.”
All Tony knows is that it sounded like… Like a tough relationship.
, and if Tony didn’t know better, he’d think he’s about to get his ass kicked. “If you do this again, I swear I’m going to follow you into whatever hole you get yourself into and I’m going to kill you myself, you understand?”
What can he do, besides live with it?
Shuri turns back around to him, standing in front of the chamber, checking Bucky’s status and test results in a hologram projected out of the object around her wrist. “This man is not your best friend. You don’t know him, because he doesn’t know himself. He might come out of this chamber and you might find out you despise the person he became.”
Too many… Just too
(What he doesn’t see coming, however, is his own reaction to it.)
“Let her deal with her choices in her own way, Cap.” Clint tells him, gently, before averting his gaze. “We all made our choices. Now… Now he gotta deal with them.”
He doesn’t even know which one is the Tesla. He doesn’t care. Steve will ride the Tesla, or the Audi, or whatever car in Tony’s ridiculous collection; He’ll take Tony out for coffee, he’ll listen to him ramble about his pop culture knowledge for hours, watch him gush over his armor and his bots in the workshop, respond to his jokes and challenge him and
“Made us look like children fighting with sticks.” He admits with bitterness. “He was strong. He didn’t even have all the Stones yet, but he still was strong. We couldn’t
This is not lust, this is
, because he didn’t fulfill his promise, and they still don’t realize how deeply the failed. He has no right to their breathless surprise. He has done nothing to earn it.
“What do you mean, he has a bike.” Tony flails.
” Steve admits. “What
He’ll try. He’ll try harder and harder, because he has to get over this, he can’t stand another day of this doubt, of this ceaseless self-flagellation and punishment, because this is getting him
! You have to face it, Steve, when Barnes is concerned,
But it’s also not an accusation; and it’s also not relief. It’s something else. Something he can’t name. He can’t think through the haze of white noise that floods his ears, blocking all rational thought, too busy to think about anything other than
“More like she brought me with her.” Tony shakily replies, gesturing to Nebula behind him with a long sweep of his arm, a flourish both unnecessary but also totally unavoidable in his nervousness. “Nebula, this is Pepper, my fiancé. Pepper, this is Nebula, my…”
(Don’t be a
He knows.
“You won’t die.” Nebula says after a huff, and it sounds like an order. “I’m not flying this ship alone.”
piece of information with such a nonchalant tone, a phrase that holds so many terrible implications being spoken as a joke, it baffles Steve.
His thoughts haven’t been exclusively his own for a while now; But for the first time in months, he feels like he’s actually thinking about things clearly. Or at least, more clearly than he had before. And his thoughts have never felt so…
. Helping people is the only thing I care about. If
, Bucky – and had it been him, of course he would have run. And Natasha, even through it all, even if somehow whatever she did last had wounded Tony somehow, she had never, ever, wounded Tony like
– but the Civil War… that was a bad call. That’s all. People are allowed to make bad calls, even Tony. Doesn’t mean Steve doesn’t like him anymore. He needs Tony to know that.
When Wanda wants to come back, she’ll let him know.
(But she could have—)
“We worked It out.” He cryptically answers, unwilling to reminisce on the old conflicts of his relationship now, or ever, not if he has any say in it, because he knows they won’t understand.
makes us do incredible things.
“We never registered life in Saturn before.” Bruce continues, unconsciously derailing the conversation in the way he always does when something piques his interest, like he always does. Tony is actually kind of glad to see it happen, even after the end of the world. Anything that provides even the smallest feeling of familiarity is welcome. “Were there people living there?”
Steve is not a leader by choice, exactly, but he is good at it. But he only
, to hope this will somehow end up fine, against all the damned odds.
“But you know what?” He huffs. “I get it. Are we insulted because people want some proof that they can trust us? Sure. But they
“Of course.”
it. But they don’t want it.
, trusting the fact that Tony wasn’t around, unconsciously hoping he would never need to address it, that it would all solve itself like fucking magic and no one would get out of it hurt.
“What about the theory?” Tony inquires.
But he knows, he has seen it in her
Nebula checks his commands and the weird, jumbled map the screen presents them, and tells him it’s good enough for now and lets the ship be. The journey will take a while, she says.
. “There are things in this universe you do not understand. Things
“I don’t understand.” Thor cries, even if he does follow Tony quickly out of the shop and up the stairs, voice frantic with confusion. “What is happening?”
He’s given her permission, so many times. If she asks, he’ll do it – doesn’t she know that? Or he’ll try to. He swears he will.
Damn Bruce for being so… so concerned and cautious, Godammit. Tony really admires that on him – but not now, not about this, not when he would rather forget and ignore, pretend it never happened, to not tear open any old wounds who never healed properly in the first place. And the discussion is useless now. The time where it was relevant is long gone.
“No changes.” Rogers informs, just a little softer, a little sad. “So at least they have shelter.”
“Until we get back to them, they are to stay inside, somewhere safe.” Rogers adds. “If they have eyes on civilians, they should try to stay together. Avoid being alone. Stay warm, and gather food.”
Steve couldn’t have managed to do this on purpose even if he tried – But he did it anyway. He’d hurt
It has to be.
(Again.)
(Something
as to have used it?)
Steve takes a breath before admitting, kinda somberly. “He was back in cryo.”
“Inside.” Nebula explains, and Tony’s heart
. Not even to Stane or what happened in Gulmira, not to Loki or Ultron, not to Killian, not even to
But not
, not
(Don’t
Natasha suddenly gasps so harshly—
Tony’s eyebrows shoot up to his hairline, and he looks at her “At least you’re honest.”
“And we have to find him.” Thor reminds them, sourly. “Wherever he is, out there.”
(He hadn’t known he would be the one to cause it.)
The kid died on the street, and he’s still here. No one could’ve reached him, not even an ambulance.
Steve risks taking a glance at her, and she looks back, seeming as lost as he feels. He huffs, trying to shake away the anxious feeling running through his veins, and he lays a hand on her shoulder, because he doesn’t know how else to comfort her.
<NEW EXTERNAL DATA SOURCE IDENTIFIED>
It’s great until Pepper calls him the next day, and asks him:
“No.” Steve laughs. “Those are just small sketches, it’s actually
(She can’t believe this is happening.)
Natasha nods at him, somberly.
thoughts. “I need to start on damage control, right away. Find out whoever is… left. Gather a team, get to work.”
“Dark energy is the first component of the universe. Before there was land, before there was even light, there was dark energy, and the elves who could control it. Our stories have a name for it – the void filled with magic. Perhaps our old myths have names for it too, from when humans still worshipped Asgardians like yours Gods. If the force of the stars forged by the encounter of fire and ice pulls galaxies and worlds together, the dark magic of the void is the thing that keeps them apart.”
- he dares to pull Tony closer, to bring them chest to chest, and when Tony doesn’t back away, only smiles wider, Steve
If he weren’t so tense, Jarvis might have chuckled. “Well, that certainly eases all of my fears. Thank you for the reassurance.”
“Stairs it is.”, and they walk together towards the emergency door.
something like this? He hadn’t been trying to tell them a sob story to make them feel pity, he had been in
What if it had
Steve insists, angry, angry at himself, because if he were a better man he would let this go, he wouldn’t have even thought of cornering Tony like this, but he’s not, he’s weak and he’s a masochist, and he needs to hear Tony
He is an Avenger.
He needs to call her.
(You sure?)
Barton nods, mournfully. “So long as we bring the kids back.”
Tony has never been fair to her, whenever a risky situation is concerned.
Pepper reigns herself in with a long breath, dropping her hands from Tony’s arms and bringing them slowly to rest beside her, carefully neutral, but before Tony or anyone else can even attempt to find words that will lower the insufferable tension in this jet, Pepper asks, quietly and calmly, for Natasha to open the Quinjet door.
It had hurt, to hope for it, knowing – realizing – that how they had left things was so bad he could have lost something he hadn’t even known he would miss so badly. The years on the run were consuming, all-encompassing dread and loathing, so full of emptiness he couldn’t ever fill, and it always came back to this—
Nebula gives a shaky nod.
(It hurts, and it’s
, because every single one is a bitter reminder and a terrible curse.
And the day just gets more and more bizarre.
“What? No. It’s fine.”
. Christ, he’s glad she’s here. She
He stares.
But the world is never kind, is it?
(He did, in a way.)
A rescue that comes too late.
“The Time Stone is the most dangerous of them all.” Natasha says. “Because whatever we do, if he has that one, he can simply undo it. It never ends.”
“Even now.” She says. “Forever.”
, he’s out of the apartment, walking down the hall and descending the stairs as fast as he can.
Steve sits across from him, fork in hand, decided to share the meal it seems – and Tony remembers last night, when both of them shared the last slice of the key lime pie the diner had for sale, leaning over the counter to be closer, like teenagers in love sharing sips from a milkshake, talking about
She pauses.
(Let him rest.)
And when they are all there, all of them, together on the grass, trapped inside the gates, gasping and aching, they are ridiculous, they are a failure, because the few people still left behind from the riot run past them painting a miserable sight, the others who squirm on the floor from injuries or pains looking broken and abandoned; They should have stopped this, and they didn’t. They had one job, and they failed at it spectacularly, and it’s so painfully obvious now that
“I can’t.” Tony admits pained. “I
if the rioters come back and decide to finish what they started.
How ironic is that, that a peaceful solution has left him feeling so bleak, after everything the Accords have caused?
to the mix – but he can
“What about subtitles? He can read those, can’t he?”
, knowing the old bastard, and he is… almost astonishingly diligent, even faced with the terrible odds of his current mission.
And it makes Tony
All of them.
Tony huffs out a
“She has one of her own, I just said that.” Tony reminds him.
“Don’t.” Natasha stops typing, for a moment, to stare at him from behind her shoulder. “Not now, Cap.”
“The Accords broke us. Bad.” Tony admits, and he kind of hears the words as if its someone else speaking them, like they’re not coming from him, like a narrator has taken over his body as the memories flash through his mind like rolls of old films, as if he’s no longer a person, no longer himself – just a theater for the unpleasant exhibit of his past regrets, the walking register of a disaster he’d rather be left forgotten away by time. “Well, not the Accords themselves, but the fallout from it. We couldn’t get it together. There were…
something, and Steve has just confirmed it to him.
He looks at Steve, waiting for a reaction, and all Steve can think to do is to look back, swallow down his surprise, and say, amicably:
He thinks he should be more understanding about Scott’s concerns, but he can’t quite make it there. He thinks he should be more sensitive to Bucky’s insecurities, but he’s always saying the wrong thing. He thinks he should talk more openly to Sam, who is the person who supports him the most, unconditionally, but he can’t let go of years and years of self-isolation and make that trust leap, even though he knows Sam only has the best of intentions.
how you fought while you were playing cops and robbers – do you
“No. Not that we know of?” Rocket shrugs, throwing Nebula a wondering look. “I mean, you can definitely create wormholes, but those aren’t like that. You
, he almost had a heart attack when Vision mentioned the Arc Reactor, this is
Holy fuck, that might actually be an offensive thing he just did. Bringing Nebula here, to his home, where all his other machines are? Oh, fuck, Tony hadn’t thought about it like that. Is Nebula offended by the idea that Tony might be interested in her as a machine? I mean – he
“He’s in the Jet with Rocket and Nebula.” Natasha informs.
Not when there’s a single chance that he might still get Peter back. He won’t settle for anything less.
“No, I wasn’t in my uniform.” Steve steps back, shaking his head, and he and Bucky promptly start a slow walk around the garden, aimlessly weaving through the corridors of flowers in a very lazy pace.
, fuck. The scepter is gone and so is the Tesseract, but maybe in old SHIELD files—
“We can go around governments’ laws and ignore their orders as much as we like, Steve. We can refuse to play by their rules when we think they aren’t right. We can do everything to them to prove we won’t back down no matter what.”
Did he tell him that last night? He can’t remember. He might have.
“You had his shield. He had your phone.” Bruce points out – oh,
“I’ve been in New York for the past three days. I
To their surprise, it’s the
“Get bits pieces some other time, we have an issue to solve.” He says, very clearly shutting down the subject, bringing a projection of the six Infinity Stones close with a flick of his wrist, to redirect their attention to other matters. “Now. While we wait for a reply from the Wakandan Queen on the Vibranium issue, we need to think about the Stones. What they do, what they might be made of, and how can we steal them from him.”
“But it’s a little bit about being seen too, right?” Rocket argues. “Why would he kidnap children? Why would he take Gamora? An’ you? He sounds like he wants
It should not make him feel as frightened as it does.
ring – and with a small, derisive smile, he can’t help but watch as he runs his thumb over the diamond, the band, feeling the ridges and geometric edges in contrast to the sleek, smooth plane of the band, around her long, elegant finger, in hands dexterous and gentle and, Tony remembers with a rather dark humor, small.
“How do they use the power of the star? They expose the metal to it? What kind of star is it?” Rhodey probs for answers.
Bruce falters a little, his eyes going unfocused, a nonsensical hum leaving his lips. “Huh…
, side by side; Wanda, with her eyes rimmed red and shiny, her cheeks still damp from the tears, and Vision’s hand resting in her forearm, holding her gently, a touch so soft that feels far too intimate for a friend.
(How much
Natasha will not believe him.
“Thor…” Tony says, face contorted into a mockery of a smile, brows furrowed and nose flared, an ugly, jagged smile pulling at the corners of his mouth, a reflex deep-settled of attempting to hide his pain under a false mask of humor failing miserably when the hurt is already simmering so close to the skin. “Thor, if what you’re saying—”
It is unusually fast— but that is not really surprising, is it? Everyone is probably pulling strings trying to speed up the process, calling in favors, making deals and making threats, all in favor of this one good show. This barbaric judgment. Steve can’t help but feel terrible, as if he’d somehow thrown Scott to the wolves, and now all he can do is stand back and watch as they tear him apart.
“I can send the ants beneath the rubble to look for anyone who might have been trapped beneath the fall. Lowers the risk of injuring agents by sending them into the debris.”
the Stones from him.” Natasha reminds them. “Which means creating something strong enough to hold him while we get them.”
, so weird how earnest he sounds when he says that, like he truly believes it, like he’s that man from so many years before, the one who Tony still hadn’t realized had a dark side too, the one Tony had naively believed couldn’t lie, could be trusted.
(But what’s the point of that?)
to make it worth it.”
a bed, it’s a
“Steve.” Sam sighs, looking at him with sad eyes. “The guy might be a genius, but he’s not a machine. We all get irrational when someone we love gets hurt.”
How fucking ironic is that?
“What was the percentage?” Tony interrupts, shaken. “How much has it decreased, from two days ago?”
Bucky only gives him a weak smile, a smile that is almost a grimace, and says
“Should we be concerned?” Sam asks. “What are the chances of the guy hiding a life-threatening injury and acting like nothing is wrong?”
Oh, no.
Undeterred, Rogers explains, “After Loki was gone, the scepter went to SHIELD – and SHIELD was HYDRA, so someone took the scepter and shipped it off to Strucker, in Sokovia. There, he used it to experiment on people, trying to create superhumans.”
It’s horrid how quickly Thor’s eyes glow with understanding.
Maria Hill might’ve liked to have it around, for security and practicality purposes, maybe – but Maria Hill left to find Fury, and Tony hadn’t protested against it, and that was it.
“Seems like he’s developing a habit.” Natasha grumbles, bemused.
. It will soon be uptaded with new songs for Part 2 as well.
are so weirdly
(Captain America and Black Widow, feeding honesty with violence.)
refuses to, or Austria, because the entire country is still far too guarded against them for it to be an option, but other than that, they have become so good at getting by undetected that no border is really a problem to them anymore.
; He doesn’t have time for this
“Urgh.” Barton shivers. “These guys give me the creeps.”
told him that it has something to do with one of T’Challa’s most trusted spies, a woman named Nakia, and telling them anything else would be to break her trust. Clint makes a face as he tells him that, as if he’s trying to imply something Steve doesn’t quite get, but the subject dies all too quickly for him to ask for any clarification. He guesses it doesn’t matter. If it worked for Scott, there is no reason why it shouldn’t work for Clint, and that is what Steve tells himself every time the anxiety starts to get too out of his control and threatens to dissolve the perfectly calm mask he’s wearing, trying not to make this any harder on his teammates than it already is.
Steve—
He’ll think about it later, when the war is won.
“We should send them a message.” Natasha suggests, thoughtfully. “To everyone. Explain what happened. If there’s anyone out there who doesn’t know why they suddenly saw a friend turn to ash, they need to know.”
“Tony is not dead.” Steve retorts, and the
(How much can Tony understand about loss? How much can he feel?)
He talks to Peggy through the communicator, and he’s glad her voice is the last one he’ll ever hear. He pretends this conversation is not killing him inside, and he doesn’t say goodbye, because Peggy is not saying it either and he knows this is what they both need. It’s not a clean break of what they could be, but it’s as clean as it’ll get. And it’s enough.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam uncrosses his arms suddenly, is entire body going tense. “What the hell, man?” He exclaims, sounding offended. “What happened there? You told me you three fought and you escaped, and that was it. Now you’re telling me Stark blew the guy’s arm like fireworks and you didn’t think it was worth mentioning?”
“But he was working through the internet and the systems just like JARVIS did, right?” Natasha asks. “Invading National Security databases, getting information on us? He got that like JARVIS would have, it wasn’t the Stone.”
But maybe this is truly it. Their middle.
Or maybe he’s angry about something else. About Tony being gone two days without a word. About Tony not being able to stop Ebony Maw in the first place.
He doesn’t tell anybody. One, for security reasons: it’s crazy and it’s brilliant, not really an original idea but it’s the first time he has all the right tools and circumstances to make it work, and he’s the one who’s going to do it, and no one else. Two, for possessive reasons: It’s his tech, it’s his son, and no one else can mess around that. No one else has the right and to be honest, the ‘right’ thing is too much of a gray area even for him, and he doesn’t need other people snooping around and making everything more complicated. And three, for prideful reasons: If it all fails, no one will know.  No witnesses means no explanations and no explanations means no unnecessary work. Everything Howard loves the most.
Rhodey squints at him. Pauses. “Are you sleeping with him?”
Tony almost blurts out, and stops himself at the last second by biting the tip of his tongue forcefully.
“Agent Carter has just gotten a message from another SHIELD agent in DC. They said there’s a riot happening and the crowd seems to be occupied fully by civilians, but they are wearing masks and seem to be organized in some sort of formation. It is not, according to the source, a pacific movement. The agent fears it might become violent.”
It’s not perfect.
But he does not.
“Although Mr. Stark might not be comfortable admitting it, he still is very concerned for you. All of you.” Vision confesses, and then makes a thoughtful expression. “I believe the common saying is
“We know you’re angry!” Rogers tries to reason, raising his hands lightly, to indicate surrender; But not high enough that he loses the tight coil of tension in his arms, his body still on alert and posed to fight at the slightest indication. “We know you’re scared, that this makes no sense. We know—"
(Will she still recognize him, when she sees him?)
Because there are others. There are so many others, and what does it matter if one of the people Tony loves is still here?
Tony has done some bullshit and the truth will have to be dragged out of him. “I thought it was missing after Leipzig.”
The others stare back, uneasily, but they force themselves to relax. After a few seconds, they breathe, they pause, and then, they truly retreat, eyes soft and mellow again, dragged down by their grief, and there is no place left for the misplaced rage to burn beneath the bone-deep exhaustion.
Thor blinks. “You left?”
Don’t do that.
(And it always goes downhill from there.)
His hands shake a little with a phantom sensation of his shield vibrating on impact, and he itches beneath his skin in a way he can’t quite stop.
Vision stares at him for a long, painful minute, waiting for something more than just this… This complete numbness, but Steve has nothing to give him anymore. After a complete lack of an appropriate response, Vision turns, throwing Steve a worried glance for as long as he can manage before turning his head and walking back out, his steps light and soft, until Steve can’t hear him anymore.
Pepper makes a low hum, thoughtful. “They are surprisingly obedient.” She says, and there’s even a small, shy smile at the corner of her mouth, some mirth dancing in her eyes. “Wasn’t expecting that. It was alright.”
“Eitri is gone.” Thor says, his voice heavy with sorrow. “I couldn’t find him.”
something.
No otherworldly powers. No army, no bullets or missiles or biological weapons. There was no need for a bomb. Not when his team had one inside already, just waiting for the right time to detonate.
Without any more prompting, the screen shows up from the center projector and overlaps the others, and a video starts playing, obviously taken from FRIDAY’s personal records, a footage exhibiting the inside of the compound, the conference lounge right next to the workshop.
“It was
Tony’s suggestion is off-handed at most, but Rogers nods like it was a request to be fulfilled, and he assures, “We’ll do it.”
“We can’t find him.” Natasha says, in an appallingly professional tone.
Tony had—
Steve had never had any intentions of getting Bucky involved in a legal process. It would be unfair, and it would only make Bucky feel worse. Steve would have ignored every single accusation ever made about the Winter Soldier if he had his way. But the world wouldn’t. The world would ask for reassurance, for proof, for safety measures, and what could have Steve given them?
They haven’t really talked. Much. Or in any situation where they’re not both half mad with anxiety and pressure. And there Tony was, soaking into the comfort of his fiancé and patiently waiting for his best friend to arrive, while Nebula had been standing nearby watching,
He doesn’t feel sad. He has no reason to be depressed. That and other lies, so many terrible things he would ignore in favor of years and years of conditioning, of being told real men grit their teeth and push through it, whatever
Tony didn’t mean to hurt them. He meant to help.
” Tony rasps, opening his hands to wildly gesture in vague directions of the room, as if the chaos was there, as if it had followed them home – and in a way, it had. “This, that just happened? That crowd, out there, that is
Because how can he live on, knowing he did
like a gunshot. “Until the spaceship came out from the sky.”
, as fierce and relentless as only Rhodey could be, and always, always in his corner. He had Happy, a man he trusted with all his heart, he had SI, he had FRIDAY.
memories, because she isn’t making a lot of sense to Steve. “And it didn’t make sense. I thought: If you know about Barnes and you believe Steve when he says Barnes is innocent, why are you acting like this? Why suddenly all this
His nails are jagged and sharp. He nearly cuts his palms right open with how tightly he closes them in fists.
, not at Tony, even though she is speaking to him. But the bark on her tone, her bitterness, her anger – it is all reserved to something inside her head. Tony is all too familiar with it not to recognize it. “And I have fought worse than a few humans.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“But you wanted to.” Tony dares to assume.
“I know.” Bucky sighs, turning his head to the side, raising his hand to brush his fingertips to the petals of a light pink flower, so small and delicate it could simply disintegrate if touched too harshly. Bucky’s touch is so gentle it barely moves the flower when he brushes against it. “But I get it. Where else would they put us? The bigger the threat, the stronger the cage.”
Wanda makes a noise like she wants to protest, but whatever she was about to say, she doesn’t get the chance.
It surprises him, but at the same time, it doesn’t. Giving it away in full detail for the public would’ve been a nightmare, handing over all reasons and ammunition for a renewed fight over who was right and who was wrong, and Steve is so damn glad it doesn’t happen. He wouldn’t stand it, to be forced to sit back and watch, really watch this time, as the world split itself in two over their conflict, over accepting them or letting them burn,
get.)
“If I had any idea this is how you guys were going to act I wouldn’t have let this happen.” Rhodey tells them under a scrutinizing gaze, his shoulders tight with tension and his mouth pressed into a line. “I thought we would be cool.”
” Steve jabs back, and he immediately regrets it. That is not fair to Natasha at all. She might be stern and strong, but Natasha isn’t heartless, and if she’d fight Clint if he coddled her, it wouldn’t be because she’s trained to do so; it would be because she would feel
by this?
“Uh…” it’s what Sam says, sounding
Tony and Bruce walk out quietly, with the weight of the stares burning behind them, heads dropped close in hushed conversation as they cross the corridors down to the medical bay. Or rather – Tony walks to the medical bay, encouraging Bruce to come along, and Bruce follows him a little hesitantly, unaware of how to navigate through the building with the confidence of someone who knows the place.
He nods, and Shuri reacts like she’s just been given an early Christmas present—and starts going on and on about treatment and prosthetics, in very specific jargon that Steve can’t even hope to comprehend, but it doesn’t bother him. It’s not the first time he’s seen a genius go crazy with wonder of the possibilities.
“Do you even feel cold?” Tony stupidly asks, mind going fuzzy, and his tongue suddenly feeling very, very loose. It’s never a good sign. Tony knows he gets very chatty when he’s about to lose consciousness. Rhodey has complained about it many, many times – no, no,
“He finished his mission.” Bruce argues, as if that is enough reason for Thanos to fade away like a memory or an illusion. But Bruce doesn’t understand. Tony does.
so tired. “I did. You can’t forget that. I read that document and I thought it was reasonable, or at least reasonable enough, to give it a shot.”
“What, you don’t trust my
Pepper gives him a look, as if she doesn’t understand. But she does. Tony can see it in her eyes.
“We don’t know what they
(The wind blowing him away, into
a wormhole when it forms, kinda hard not to. It takes a lot to make one. These jumps are just
He also remembers Natasha coming to see him in Peggy’s funeral in London,
He’ll never forgive himself—
rage, and Steve knows how this is going to end. He wants her to stop, but he can’t. It’s going to happen, and it’s too late to stop it. “You didn’t
She turns suddenly, her eyes bright and determined, even when clouded with sadness, and she stares at Tony, giving him no way of opposing to her.  He does give her the tiniest of nods, the movement jerky and unsure, but the small
, aimed at a banged-up SUV, shooting at its side like he has to kill it even if it’s the last thing he’ll ever do.
He knows, alright!? He knows,
“And you can replicate it.” Rogers says, not as a question, but an affirmation. Tony nods. “You think the Tesseract might work in a similar way?”
Tony.
“If he can.” Steve says, a bit sarcastically, unable to stop himself. “If the Accords let him help at all.”
about this stuff, it’s hard not to get caught up on his energy.
The answer seems to baffle Sam for a second. “Do you blame him?”
, factually; the… Snap, if he can call it that, was random. He has seen FRIDAY’s estimates and calculations – there is no refined moral or reason at play to choose who got caught in Thanos’ game, they just… did.
He wants this to be over.
Tony takes that as an answer, and lets it be enough.
“How is that being okay?!” Both Tony and Rhodey ask, but Tony yells, while Rhodey sounds exasperated, but composed enough that his focus is not slipping through the cracks in his voice.
; The last time he attempted civility with most of the people in the room, he ended up with a shield jammed in his chest, and what good did it all
“I know you are.” Natasha steps a little closer, with a sad, sad smile on her face. “But it’s not me who needs to hear it.”
Scott Lang is a twitchy, fumbling mess, eyes wide in child-like wonder and innocence, messy hair and stubble and rumpled clothes, just like Tony remembers him. He sits with hands resting on his knees, right leg bouncing anxiously as he avoids their inquiring gazes by looking around the workshop with clear nervousness in his face, browns slightly furrowed and mouth twisted in a pensive expression.
He needs to do this. He needs to act, he needs to help.
“Gratitude is not necessary, Mrs. Stark. I was always very fond of Anthony.” Jarvis assures her, but it doesn’t escape her that Jarvis didn’t bother to contradict her in anything else.
Family will always be a sore subject for Tony.
“I have reasons to believe it could be true.” Thor insists, ignoring Bruce’s warning.
They make a good team.
“I don’t know.” The Guardian admits, a bit mournfully. “Somewhere else. Not here. That’s all that matters.”
13-K had been Tony’s and Harley’s compromise. Their emergency plan. Since Harley wouldn’t accept his own AI, despite Tony’s insistence – assuming, maybe correctly, that Tony
<message input received>
look happy. They do. It makes Tony feel like he’s made of jelly, like he is going to dissolve just like the foam he’s stepping into.
“You mentioned an Indian place.” Steve reminds him.
– twisting them into his perfect little puppets, so he could lay back and watch as they destroyed worlds while he collected the Stones as if they were nothing more than trinkets. It’s
How long has it been, since he last thought of the fall of SHIELD?
Steve doesn’t want to feel like he’s losing the only people he has in his life anymore. This weird, ragtag group of people, who are hurt and kind of broken, whose normal routine includes far more danger than it should. He wants to keep them. Maybe they are not as close as he thought, not as well-adjusted as he thought, but he wants them to be; If there’s still time to do it.
He starts to worry. Really worry. Her silence is not unusual, and the gentleness of her touch and the way she keeps close – none of it speaks of impending doom, and
just because – what he means is…
“With the approval of the board. UN is the one who decides who has access to the compound. If he’s approved, he’s in.”
“It’s the dust, Pepper.” Tony says. “The ashes. They’re blocking the sun.”
“What?” He asks, with a little edge of something dangerous lurking right beneath.
Because that’s how it’s supposed to be. They shouldn’t fight.
the way he talked.
thought that Tony was being
“I apologize for making you upset.” He says, and even though they all can hear it, it sounds like something that is meant only for Wanda.
“I have no tools with me.” Nebula points out.
is what it seemed, and he realized all he has done is much worse than he thought.
“Thor had an idea.” Tony tells them, the words tumbling out of his mouth almost without his permission, overflowing from his lungs and chest in a torrent he simply has no means to control. He already dreads the outcome of this conversation, but there’s no way to
“Puns? Really?” Clint huffs out a little laugh, inappropriately amused.
But the thing is— Now, he doesn’t have to think about it. Before this day, he might have. He might have pushed it to the back of his head as he did with everything he deemed not urgent, not a priority, and conveniently forgotten about it until he was completely alone and had nothing to distract him from the fear of the unknown that would eventually swallow him whole. He would have fought it back as hard as he could, for as long as he could, if he’d have his way.
Steve sucks in a harsh breath, painful and dry, and it sounds like a goddamn sob.
(No, you won’t)
He promised.
“Alright, here’s what we’re gonna do.” Rhodey breathes out after what seems an agonizingly long time, and even though he carefully measures his voice to sound gentle and reassuring, some of the civilians shuffle uncomfortably in their tiny cocoon of safety. “We’re not gonna force you out of here if you really don’t want to, but we need to make sure you’re not gonna be alone in here in case the crowd comes back.”
“So he’s fine now?” Scott asks, sounding a bit manic to be honest, like he’s afraid Steve’s lying or playing a prank on him.
to see how the raccoon turns so
What?” She gasps. “What are you doing?”
will backfire, in the future.)
“He also could have killed me in the Battle of Wakanda, and he didn’t. He didn’t kill any of us, not directly.” Then, he turns to Tony. “And he didn’t kill you.”
After that, an introduction is just a mere formality, but Tony is a public speaker and a host through and through, and thinks it’s for the best if he reassures Lang that Nebula will
Tony blinks rapidly when faced with the darkness inside her eyes, the constellations lost in them flashing before him in a second, and he stops, just as Pepper stops as well, and they both struggle to regain air fast, both too eager to speak, too despaired to let silence grow again and deceive them with the idea the other is gone.
and a sweet
, even if he doesn’t cooperate, because –
So he improvises while they’re leaving, sneaking out of the city towards the Quinjet, and trusts Natasha to deliver the message before they leave America definitely.
of explanation. “If they are moving through portals using dark energy, and that’s controlled by the Reality Stone, what are the Space and Time Stone doing? Because portals would have to mess with that, right? Space-time?”
“Did you just—?” Clint splutters, but gives up halfway and turns around, going to the kitchen to raid the fridge and pretend the last few seconds hadn’t happened.
“I need to get something to Tony.”
“Before we go, I need your help, Brucie.” Tony says, his voice extremely casual, which is good, because as soon as Tony says his name, Bruce damn near startles. “I need you to come with me down to the med bay.”
He doesn’t think about it. He doesn’t have to.
“You are
“Yes, Boss.” FRIDAY says, and goes silent to finish her duties.
“It would explain mind control.” Barton adds.
(It always has to end.)
“How do you know who they are?” Tony squints, confusedly.
.” Sam exasperatedly says, before asking in a assertively curious tone. “Would you have told him?”
“Vision.” Steve explains.
“How long has he been awake?” he asks in a rush, before deciding
Steve manages to drag him to another Art Museum, and that exhibit is boring as hell, so after that, they play basketball. Him. Tony Stark.
it’ll mean
In those last seconds, the last moments before it all went to
“C’mon, Grumpy Smurf.” Tony insists, his tone weak and stuttering,
useful information. As is every other piece of information T’Challa has ever granted them, actually. “And thank you for helping us do this. It’s not your responsibility to help us, and you’ve gone out of your way to do it, far more than we deserve. Thank you.”
(His shield.)
“He had one.” Natasha intervenes, voice cutting, and Tony jolts with the unexpected interruption. “But he decided to leave it behind.”
He wishes he could call Tony.
“Yes, you.” Thor shifts his weight, gaining confidence. “Daughter of Thanos. Nebula. I know it’s too perfect to be a coincidence. And you arrived with Stark – I do not know how it could be any more clear.”
. Did you even think about
And he gets attached. He
Or rather,
So he says nothing, because it’s better if he doesn’t, and they continue to go down the stairs.
“It is dinner time.”
Natasha and Rogers jump to stop him, grabbing him by the arms and pushing him on the chest, screaming and ordering him to calm down, as hands reach and grab Tony to pull him back, and he struggles on instinct, because he needs his hands free to fight back, they can’t keep him trapped. But they won’t let him. In a split second, everyone is rushing, and as Agents Carter and Ross jump to put themselves between Barton and Tony, so do Rhodey and Nebula, who step forward to half-shield Tony from Barton’s view, while Bruce insistently pulls him towards the door, his grip relentless and firm, far too strong to be comforting.
feeling that there’s something, very,
Tony’s grateful, he is—
What happens in Tony’s chest in that moment is not something he can describe. How could he – what words would be able to express the depth of what happens to his brain and his heart when he thinks of Steve Rogers, the man that – the one person that can manage not to be in Tony’s life for
by the idea that he might have lost the love of his life – Tony wishes he could say he knows how to do that.
? You can take your apologies right out of my workshop, Barton. Don’t let the door hit you on your way out.”
His to care for, his to teach, his to
I'd like to thank all of you for your patience and I'm very sorry for the delay in this chapter - but as you can all agree, these last few months have been hectic and crazy, and real life definitely took priority over my projects. But I am committed to this story until the end, so hopefully you all know that even if we have delays, I'm not abandoning this. You can all rest assured about that :) I also want to apologize for not replying to all the comments yet, but I will get to that very soon!
He has no idea if it would hurt less anyway.
too sad for it to be anything else than a hit too close to home.
“I thought you guys were having a…” He flails, making a weird, exasperated expression, and Tony knows what he means, and decides to spare him the struggle.
“After seeing you like this? No way.” Sam turns his back to Natasha when he concludes she will not attack – at least, not while he stands there -, and he faces Steve head-on, determined. “Something’s wrong with you, man, and I don’t leave people to hurt themselves when they’re bad. I’ve seen a lot of soldiers do some crazy shit to themselves when they were down, Steve, I won’t let you do the same.”
Why can’t he let go of this?
“Because you can’t just destroy six singularities that powerful with no consequences!” Bruce says.
And he makes the mistake of looking at Rogers, unconsciously, and, as if sensing his gaze, Rogers’ eyes flick back and find his, and they stare at each other, in silence—
with them, as if that’s not just as weird? Maybe more?
, because he can hear the words he said echoing inside his mind, words that were supposed to be a comfort but now are soaked in betrayal and mourning.
“Stark should have auctioned your old suit.” Natasha points out, voice full of amusement. “
(We’ve been stuck in this loop for
, they all know it, even if there are so many other things happening, she’s not wrong,
They don’t know how to fucking
Truth be told, Steve is not particularly concerned with Scott. He’s worried, sure, because they’re all fugitives now and they don’t have the luxury of going anywhere without proper caution. But Scott is an adult, and more than that, he is an ex-fugitive as well.
He will not allow himself to think about the reason why.
Tony’s not sure.
“It’s unsupervised.” FRIDAY says regretfully. “It’s possible there are people approaching south, but I’m not sure.”
“Yeah, that’s a very specific kind of creepy, there.” Barton comments.
buried beneath ashes and dirt.
When they hit the seven-month mark on the run, Natasha brings them all very alarming news.
; Long title, maybe it wouldn’t be very marketable – but it
, so the reminder that that’s not true is unexpectedly alleviating.
They leave.
what the gossip blogs are saying, yes, but do
What could he say?
But for almost three years now, no voice has been arguing back.
Why the hell had they
Bruce stops. See? Tony has a point.
for that reason. To protect it.
“So you’d know what’s happening to him?” Rhodey presses, not unkindly, but still firm.
lifestyle: thinking violence is normal. Any kind of violence. The kind you fight off every single day, because it’s your job. The kind you’re forced to inflict, when violence is aimed your way.
“He would go back for her. I know it.” She stresses. “It’s the only thing that makes sense.”
“That’s fast, for a document that’s so extensive.” Natasha points out, seemingly innocent, but so obviously not.
to do anything, he just
The last time he saw her, Natasha snarled in his face.
So Steve goes to tell Sam and king T’Challa, and they start making plans.
He drops down heavily to the ground between the gun and the SUV, the armor shaping itself around him flawlessly to form a shield, a nearly impenetrable defense that covers him from head to toe, all the way to the wide sides. It covers the car nicely, and it’s
Tony nods, his lips twisting and twitching uncomfortably, averting his gaze, all attempts of finding an adequate response completely failing him. “Sure did.”, is what he says, and he knows this is no response at all, not for what Nebula is
FRIDAY makes the briefest of pauses. “He stopped halfway through reading to leave, Boss. He seemed agitated.”
He doesn’t know if
Nebula shoots him an unimpressed look, as if he’s stupid, and she reaches down under the bed and pulls out Tony’s tracksuit, torn to shreds, and a shirt he has never seen before.
(Maybe not at first.)
about them kissing should not be enough to destroy the bond they’ve build over the past few years together.
Tony hesitates.
But no. Tony gets up, swaying a little before settling steady on his feet, and takes in a deep breath before letting go of his stomach. He can’t stand up fully straight yet, but it’s fine. He assures Steve he’s fine. He even jokingly asks if he should join the game, smirking, but Steve feels overwhelmed enough to simply give up the game entirely, and quickly makes his way out when he sees Loki coming in, knowing he and Tony are friends and they will be fine, so he can go back to his dorm and groan in shame as loudly as he can.
“Hey.” Tony calls, softly. “Soundproof walls, remember?”
“Sure, Maria. Why not.”
Jesus fuck, it
Turns out, Lang is also kind of an idiot.
“Tony is using a Reactor again, and you aren’t worried?” Steve throws back the question at her, the deflection so instinctual at this point he doesn’t even realize he is doing it until after he’s done it.
(It’s not a choice if it demands sacrifice.)
Or it
Tony pulls his hands away, turning to face Rogers with a baffled stare, but Rogers is staring straight ahead, and paying no mind to anyone else in the room.
“If you say love, I’ll destroy every coffee machine in the Tower.” Natasha threatens, through comms.
at them, listening in without even attempting to disguise it. Although, Tony ruefully thinks, what’s the point in trying?
“And would you be able to rest?”
“We need safe houses.” Tony adds, his spine still tingling with the nagging leftover sensation of Rogers’ stare trickling down his back, the wary feeling of not getting the whole picture when it’s right there, but he ignores the uncomfortable sensation for now, in favor of more pressing matters. “Can’t put them in just any building ‘cause we don’t know which buildings are safe.”
Tony’s chest seizes, hurting for that boy, hurting because that is all he can do, and when Nebula walks so far away that she disappears from his line of sight again, he lets his head fall down and a sob escape his scratchy throat, burning all the way up from the depths of him, a lick of pain he fees like it’s deserved.
Clint. This
“They were calling for Wanda to be deported.” Tony says, pointedly. “Or worse. And don’t forget how people reacted when the Iron Legion landed on Sokovia. Do you know how many countries signed that document? 117. That’s over a
(Friends. You hear that? Friends
“How fast does the jet fly?” Nebula asks, suddenly.
Our heroes have a lot of work ahead of them.
He wants to go out there and
They have already fought enough.
<TRANSMITING CONTENT TO DATABASE>
“And if you love me, for who I am—” Pepper gulps, her words trembling a little at the end, but she pushes forward, and says, “You have to know that I’m doing this
It doesn’t make the air any easier to breathe.
She doubts Bucky, and Steve has never given her
It has to be. Jarvis knew the Operation Paperclip was too risky, he never trusted it, and he doesn’t care if he can understand the reasoning behind it. It’s not a relief to find out he was right, because being right means everything he feared might actually come true.
The room goes silent as a grave.
separate. You know what – maybe they
“Been to a hospital.” Tony says, and it’s not even a lie. “I’ll live.”
Steve takes a step back, turning to her hesitantly, and the look in her eyes is... something he cannot explain.
“I can help, but I’m not enough.” Bruce says, a little exasperated. “I am one person, and the number of people outside that need help is certainly far more than what I’m capable of treating by myself. We need specialized crew.”
He knows some of what he’s trying to say is getting to her – he just doesn’t know how much.
“We can’t physically go everywhere they need us. It’s just impossible.” He admits, even before Bruce can make the argument. “I know. The world is too big and we have don’t have enough people. We would never be able to save everyone. We do need to fix whatever is going on with the planet – but we can’t let people waiting. So, until we figure out what to do, rescuing the survivors is our priority.”
So he won’t say, or do, or show anything other than support and calm.
Steve blinks slowly for a second, allowing the silence that falls between them to swallow him whole, blocking the entire world out as he fully processes the words Scott has just said. The uneasiness is immediate. The years and years of suspicion and wariness raise their ugly heads to look over his shoulder, monsters sneering by his ears, whispering about mistrust and bad decisions.
“Okay – what
Tony hates himself, he hates that deep down, beneath all this resistance; he actually kind of wants to tell them. It feels like a masochistic impulse, to rip open old wounds he knows will sting and bleed – but also he… he wants to tell them and know if he’s
He pushes his hand firmly against his lips, unable to stop the whimper that escapes him, and no matter how hard he closes his eyes, even when white spots explode under his eyelids and pain flares from inside his sockets, he cannot erase the vision of Pete’s eyes welling with tears and the jerking of his throat, swallowing back a sob, as his eyes rolled back and he turned into dust—
“We did what we had to do, Wanda.” Steve says forcefully, abhorring the direction this is going.
So they stand, and they comfort. In the small ways they can.
. Through the armor, Tony can reach Rhodey, Nebula, and Rocket; And that’s it, because they’re the only ones connected to FRIDAY. Rogers has a comm line through Natasha, and Natasha through Clint, and Carter and Ross probably have a line of their own, but
“Tragic.” Natasha says, with no inflection whatsoever. “Doesn’t Tony give you money? Guess we got the favorite one wrong.”
Natasha does, and no one stops her. Not even Tony.
but—but Steve doesn’t want him to feel bad. He knows Tony reacted on instinct. Hell, he did too. They were angry, they were being pressured by all sides, they had no time to think of a way out. It was all… It was a mess. They fought, they hurt each other, they separated; but they’re not broken. Steve doesn’t think they are. And he shouldn’t let Tony think they are.
She is a nurse, Tony remembers.
exposed to them.
But that doesn't mean I think she fits where the MCU has placed her. I have no problem with Pepper - My problem is that I believe that her morals, at this point in the timeline, simply don't fit her role.
“This is what he does.” She says, words heavy with grief. “He invades, planet to planet, and wipes out half of the population. And the rest…”, she stops, and shakes her head, “The rest never recovers or dies slowly until there’s nothing left.”
. “And I am sorry. I really am. And I don’t mean that I don’t care about you guys, we are a team, we are friends… and it’s my bad if I’ve been a shitty teammate and a shitty friend.” He shakes his head, pressing his lips together, the picture of uncertainty. “But – I keep coming
Tony throws him an unimpressed look.
So, no personal enemies. That leaves him the public ones, the major organizations that could still be out there, hunting Howard Stark and those who fought beside him to destroy them.
was in trouble in Vienna. He lost control. He acted recklessly.
he is at the idea that this body, this man now belongs to him too, and no one else can have him.
“You want us to move in with you?”
That might be the reason why he keeps going. He’ll tell himself it’s honesty. He’ll tell himself it’s fine. And although something inside him is begging him to just
“Rogers.” Tony calls, before he can think about it, and as Rogers turns around in his seat to look at him, Tony presses his lips together in hesitant consideration, not knowing how he can possibly admit that he’s kept the shield for this long, hidden and safe, despite the radio silence between them.
is home now, so the Court customs do not matter – Antonio has always been daring, and he will do as he pleases, even if it’s scandalous.
friend, for a really long time. And when he got turned into a little twig, I had to take care of ‘im.”
Steve tries to push the white noise on his ears away, he tries to get back the full control of his limbs and of his mind, even though everything inside him is
Once they’ve passed the barrier that hides Wakanda from the world, finding the King’s palace is not difficult. Even though the entire nation is opulent and mesmerizing, the palace -
, Captain Rogers? You don’t think my baby is beautiful?”, and he gestures to the armor, tall and shiny behind himself, a
much more important than these people who seem to think he’s the scum of the Earth.
“And you were petting him.”
(Because even though you sometimes make yourself hurt on purpose)
tired. He truly would appreciate a little sympathy right now, just a little bit. He is not faking it when he wobbles on his way to the couch, just as he’s not faking the wince that escapes him when his movement pulls at the wound under the bandages and stings. Pepper’s hands on his shoulders are gentle and soothing, and Tony sighs and relaxes under their touch, but he can’t truly ignore the dull but constant ache in his legs and arms, the weight of his own head on his poor, stiff neck, and the bottomless pit of darkness and dread that swirls inside him, silent, but fatal, like a black hole, a star that has extinguished and now can never return.
Bruce frowns at him deeply, terribly confused, and Tony steps forward and raises his hands in a placating gesture. “We did, but – Listen, okay?”
Did he?
Until she finds out he won’t.
And then
“It’s
Clint gives him a hard nod, looking like he’s having some difficulty keeping it together, but he doesn’t let himself falter at all. He steps forward and hugs each and every one of them, giving hard slaps on Steve’s and Sam’s backs, and squeezing Natasha and Wanda so hard he almost looked like he was shaking. Maybe he was. Steve doesn’t know for sure.
(Soon.)
Many things to be angry about. All Tony has to do is pick one and they can fight about it. Just like the old days.
?” Bruce questions, disbelieving. He doesn’t sound like he is panicking, but he sounds urgent, and there’s so much
“I didn’t want to say this, Steve, but we can’t
Steve, the one who Tony expected most to take the lead and impose himself on the situation, to come up with some sort of solution the same way he had offered insight on the steel gates mere moments before – just… just stands there, seemingly not fully comprehending what’s going on, passively waiting, not even fully observing the room with his eyes glassy and lost in some distant place as he averts his gaze.
“Is that it?”
It had been so good, so mind-blowing to know they had won, they were alive,
“Allowing just one guy to use it is just them assuming that this one guy knows better than to abuse his Time-powers, is that it?” Barton asks.
“I just—” He shrugs, sinking his teeth in his lip just out of awkwardness. “Didn’t think I’d find anyone here.”
he is.
can he give?)
and yet refusing to do it—
Steve is starting to fear that it might be
“Boss, we have a situation.”
“I was wrong.”
” Steve hisses in warning.
“I didn’t think you would admit that.” Nebula mutters, and Tony realizes, with a small, confused smile, that it’s meant to be a
“It’s ok, Mrs. Stark.” He assures her, more for her sake than anything else. “I’ll talk to him. I
“What?” Steve asks.
Well.
– but is always so unprepared for, rare as it is, to witness Rhodey’s limits being dangerously approached.
“Depends on what you’re gonna use them for.” Tony hesitantly replies.
So it does take him a while. But he doesn’t run from it. It wouldn’t be fair, it would be
“He hasn’t been Iron Man effectively for a while now.” Natasha says, raising one eyebrow at him, as if Steve’s being naïve and forgetting a very important detail. “How many times have the Avengers been called since we left? Two, three at most? It’s been a pretty slow year so far.”
That’s not true.
It bothers Tony more than it has any right to.
that Bruce says beside him in favor of saying, insightfully, “Before any attempt to rebuild what was lost, we need to ensure that they’ll have conditions to live. Being in an isolated place with no resources can also harm the people.”
(Don’t think about it.)
“And what did he say?”
“We got no time to wait for him.” Natasha argues, with sobering finality. “Any longer and our crowd will get out of control. Scott better take care of himself, and keep himself alive until we get back.”
He has every right to be worried! He’s only right to panic about this, okay! Someone has to! This shit is
“Probably.” Bruce heaves, and it has a hysterical tone to it, a laugh that’s not really a laugh, full of nerves and jitters. “And our initial prospects are not good to begin with.”
Because what happens in Egypt a few days later almost tears him apart.
It’s been years.
Because Steve is a
“I definitely did.”
“We don’t know how bad the situation is out there.” Rogers argues back, and the back and forth, the posturing, the arguing; it’s all making Tony’s head
(You know why.)
But it had been there. It had been there when he shut down the manufacturing of weapons of SI, it had been there when he spent three weeks awake planning and creating Marks II and III and all the ones that followed.
It was a joke. Tony knows that. It obviously was a joke.
But Steve doesn’t actually care enough to do it. Just let it grow out. At least, it’ll improve his disguise.
think we can be a team if you just shove yourselves into danger at the first order and not
“That would defeat the purpose of this conversation, wouldn’t it?”
(Give me a break, here.)
(You’re not thinking straight.)
(Practical.)
Every time he hears about it, it hurts a little more.
He has already hurt her enough.
“Ok.”
(Cold.)
(Maybe ripping open the mesh he applied onto his stab wound, letting his body finish the job.)
what happened?
“I know it’s not that simple. You wouldn’t back down because you’re a Russian spy. You didn’t back down when SHIELD fell, why would you back down now?”
“A literal tree?” Rocket frowns.
Tony doesn’t know what to do with this amount of trust. Just like he didn’t when Thor approached him, in this same workshop, much like they are now, and told him the Stones might have left a message for him to find; Tony has no reason to believe that he knows any more than all the others, but they all seem to be
“Cap.” Natasha sighs, exasperatedly. “You can’t—you can’t be serious.”
“It was…” He falters. “It was just a safety measure. I know how you feel about the armor. I know you don’t…”
As he rocks himself side to side, tears burning in his eyes behind his lids, sobbing into his palm, he waits for the moment where the pain that bursts from his left arm to spread into his chest, expanding like an explosion, taking up his torso and limbs in a red-hot flare of pain, to then succumb to numbness.
“It’s not that simple.”
“Call Okoye.” Rogers says, to Natasha, probably, while Tony drags his hand across his face with a tired sigh. “Ask her if they kept the spear we got in the woods. Tell her we’re picking it up as soon as possible.”
That’s… that’s an extremely good point.
They meet the others in the kitchen.
“You can’t do that to me, man.” Rhodey mumbles, voice dripping with emotion, and Tony feels it in his heart with a pang of affection so deep and unconditional it hurts, and he chuckles wetly – but makes no promises.
“We were in Wakanda when it happened.” Rogers explains. “We saw it. The people, and then, later, the trees—”
(Much more than you realize.)
Tony has the horrible realization that she is right. No one down here knew what was going on. When people started to turn into dust, no one knew the cause or the pattern, or how it worked, so they had no way of knowing if it would
T’Challa had no obligation to help him. Or Bucky, or any of them. T’Challa is the living proof that being on different sides of the Accords is no reason for a war, no reason for it to be the end, for any of them. It is not ideal, Steve isn’t ignorant enough to lose sight of the fact that the only reason why they are able to speak at all is because they do it in secret, because T’Challa is breaking the Accords at the same pace he is strengthening them, but if one day the Accords are as good as T’Challa hopes they will be, this will no longer be an issue. There will no longer be the need to hide. Someday, if things get better, this divide can dissolve itself and vanish into thin air, like it should, as it had never existed at all.
It’s hard to breathe.
, Tony is suddenly left alone with Steve goddamn Rogers, who Tony may or may not still have a ridiculous crush on!
“How are we gonna stop them?” Natasha asks, her lips twisting in anxious pondering. “If we’re not careful people are going to get hurt.”
“Are you dating Captain America?”
“I told you to call me Bucky.”
Thanos—
that left Steve’s lips had been so deep and so relieved—
And she waits for him. The elevator doors stay open, for far longer than they should, a silent challenge in and of itself.
(God,
, the cruel part inside of Steve wants to say.
Tony closes his eyes, head hanging low, and when he tries to breathe, tries to open his mouth to speak, what comes out is a sob, a distorted sound losing itself around the agony, and it echoes through the walls in the most agonizing way, piercing his ears.
He’s sorry.
He wasn’t thinking.
, knocking each other over and screaming at the top of their lungs, and gunshots keep coming and coming, Tony doesn’t know where from, or where to, all he can see is the crowd panicking and moving and losing control, doing
He hears someone exclaim, followed by other rushed whispers of
“Ask him on a date.” Rhodey begs. “A real date. Please.”
Because before Steve can catch Wanda alone, he is found by Vision; and he is suddenly reminded of one thing he tried very, very hard to forget.
(I’m not sure I would invite you at this point.)
God, Tony is – his nerves are on fire, he’s so annoyed, he’s in absolute
(The world is just a blur of words that make no sense.)
“Thanos is delusional.” Nebula says, with her words laced in venom. “Ever since he predicted Titan’s fall, he thinks he’s had a revelation, and that’s some sort of
what he told Natasha on the phone that day. She asked why he had to do this,
(No, you don’t.)
Not right now.
deal with that idea.
But he gives no answer. Not really.
Steve has
through the wound Thanos gave him, stabbed with his own armor.
Tony sniffs, feeling his nose uncomfortably runny and his eyes stinging, and yet he says “Yes.”, because he has no other choice.
“Is this the artifact that allows you to create portals? Like the one you opened to bring us here?”
“Exactly.” Tony nods, then turns to Natasha. “Who have you been talking to, when you ask them to let us in?”
, his lips stretching into a soft grin, his neck going all loose and lazy with the way he rolls his head to the side and looks at Romanov with such a
Steve takes in a deep breath and tries to reign in all the conflicting emotions that run through him at that very second, all the words that are stuck inside his throat and he can’t let out. Somewhere deep inside of him, he wants to argue. He wants to assure Clint of their good intentions, comfort him by saying they did what they had to do, and he should be strong and move forward. But he cannot. Those words, this speech, is the same speech he gives over and over and over again and by now, even to his own ears, it sounds irredeemably fake. After all, isn’t that what landed them in this situation in the first place? Isn’t the moving forward without looking back the very reason why no one wants them to return?
it. Based on their abilities, it’s fairly safe to assume they’d default to this organization. Natasha and Barton have always been more comfortable with following Rogers’ orders than anything else. It’s also only logical Bruce and Tony would stay back together and work on the science, and of course Rhodey would stay with Tony, and Thor… Well, Thor can always make room for himself wherever he pleases, he thinks. It’s not about bias, not really. But it’s hard not to notice, how similar it is, and hard not to wonder, if this is how is going to be.
“What about food? Light? It’s freezing out there.”
How many times have they done this? How many times, since the first time Tony could find the strength to utter the words and admit there was something wrong with him, with his head, and he couldn’t find a way to let it go or let it out? Not unless he was creating more, arming himself more, nearly to the teeth?
“Can FRIDAY hack in old SHIELD satellites?” Natasha suddenly asks.
Two days in and people are already stealing and rioting, or so FRIDAY said. Two days in and soon enough, the resources will grow so scant people will start to fight over them. Things go really bad when desperation truly hits, who can tell what will happen when they all start turning on each other? Will they become violent enough to hurt? To
And now, they will never put themselves back together again.
had been the one to say it, and Steve had rejected everything he said on principle, only half listening to his self-important and ridiculous speech, his web of lies and dreams of control.
So is Steve, but he’s not comfortable admitting it. But still, he laughs and nods, and they both get up and walk back inside side by side, as it always should have been, their pace perfectly in sync, as it always was.
, he has already lost so much because of it, it almost costed him everything, and he has to learn how to let
And all of this,
(Love blooming in the battlefield.)
“There was this one time, Ross found me.” Bruce recalls. “He sent in a unit of…
The paranoid son of a bitch, always building an army of suits, preparing for an invisible enemy he has
Clint leans back, looking regretful, but not surprised. “I’m guessing he never told you that.”
Natasha lets out a shaky breath, and Steve pretends he doesn’t see the way her eyes become shiny with unshed tears. But she holds them back, and she nods. And when she speaks, her voice is grateful.
“Not unless I’m needed.” Steve explains, but even to himself it sounds a bit like a lie. And because he has no other reason to hide, not anymore, not after these heart wrenching revelations they have spoken to each other, he confesses something else, in a low whisper, “Not if he doesn’t forgive me.”
May Parker. Jesus fuck, what will he say to May Parker – if she’s still alive, even? What will he
and that is
Natasha’s lips purse in reluctant, dissatisfied agreement.
Tony’s chest feels very, very heavy all of a sudden.
That letter he sent,
“I’m sorry.” T’Challa says, honestly. “Asking me for guidance will not help in this case.”
Had he let Tony go to waste, has he
in your resumé, but I could be wrong, couldn’t I?”
Tony stiffens.
“He lifts – He lifted your hammer because
“You don’t need to worry.” T’Challa mellowly comforts him, so full of certainty and confidence that Steve feels a flame of something warm and bright flicker awake inside of him, something so optimistic he barely recognizes it as part of himself. “You will all come together again, when the time is right.”
It’s—
And now it does too.
Like he’d been hoping Steve wouldn’t be in the Quinjet with the others. That he wouldn’t
Feeling from Asgard?
, the one with his shield vandalized in plain sight, a mockery of spilled blood and fear, Steve is holding tight to whatever information about them he can find. He wishes he could make this better, that he could send a message to the world and
she does.
(Did he imagine that pause?)
It’s beautiful. Steve can’t stand to look at it.
Our Gauntlet.”
Clint makes a pause and looks to the side, probably checking something on his side of the call they cannot see, but the concern in his face is clear as glass. “I think you guys should stop by before you go. We have a visitor.”
“These past two years…” Tony coughs. “They were… a bit rough, I admit it, not my finest moments, but I thought – I thought we’d been doing good?”
Natasha, who trusts no one, Natasha, who changes sides and always has three or four alternative plans,
(What about the others?)
“I hurt him.” He points out, blankly, as if the admission isn’t killing him from the inside out.
They all stare at him, they all see his determination, his relentless drive, and Tony can tell they want to believe him, they are
Steve doesn’t know what to say, so he just doesn’t say anything.
“Why didn’t T’Challa upgrade your suit?” Tony asks – and Rogers’ back straightens like Tony has just said something alarming, like he didn’t know Tony knew about T’Challa and Wakanda.
“We fought for a good cause.” Tony says, hollowly, not sure if he’s trying to make Bruce feel better or himself – or if he says it for any other reason at all, just to hear himself say it, just to make sure the words exist, that they won’t get lost in the long list of mistakes they all have to carry on their backs at every second of the day.
But he didn’t.
, and he
“Are you hurt?” Tony asks instead, his gaze running through Barton head to toe, eyes sharp on any indication of an injury, but Barton simply takes in a deep breath and shakes his head. Natasha squeezes Barton’s hand even tighter and turns to Tony with a look in her eyes that makes very clear that she needs him to stay away, and Tony nods in agreement and takes a step back.
(After you did the same to
But Rhodey doesn’t tell him either.
I mean, could ignore it. Canon would allow me to - As the final scene occurs in Wakanda, in an open field literally surrounded by trees, and we don't see any of them disappear with the snap (unless you want to get technical and count Groot as a tree), we could safely assume that Feige is simply shoving his foot up his mouth with that statement. Which, to be honest, he probably is, because from what I can tell from the A:E trailer, the consequences of this action won't be mentioned at all. But then, the more I thought about it, the more interesting it got. I'm not an ecologist by any means, but how horrible would it be if that was actually the case? Thanos already destroyed half our population, how much worse can it get, if we account for the loss of half of every other living thing as well? What are the consequences on a large scale of losing such a big part of our ecosystem so suddenly, and more importantly - Would it even be an acceptable plan to achieve Thanos' intent?
Tony raises an eyebrow, surprised. “Since when do you talk to Pepper?”
when she whispers back that she is feeling
(He pauses. He doesn’t know if Tony understands what such a pause can mean, but he feels incredibly awkward for doing it all the same.)
His mind, always running, always moving too fast, that before was dragging itself forward at a snail’s pace thanks to the pit in his stomach and the dreadful feeling of hopelessness gurgling in his guts; now it flares intensely, roaring in impatience, restless energy bursting through his body, on the tap of his feet on the ground, on the twitch of his hands and legs.
(And will you?)
“Look, can we all just admit what no one wants to talk about?” He opens his arms, palms up, encompassing all of them in a gesture that doesn’t feel at all welcoming or solidary, only incredibly shameful. “This is not only about the Accords.”
Maybe he should’ve been proud of this resilience, but right now, it only feels like a burden.
Here, in this fight.
I would have done anything to keep him safe?
, when it’s just the two of them. But this is Steve’s battleground, this is something he understands, and he will not let the shame stop him from achieving his goal.
“God, I miss Sarah.” Tony confesses.
(Fix it.)
“I wouldn’t have tried to kiss you at the Firefighters Fundraiser years ago if you weren’t.”
“We should talk about this.” Tony says, still looking down, reluctant to face Steve’s gaze.
He knows this dance like the back of his hand. He’ll try – He’ll try his damn hardest not to let it escape his control, he’ll bend himself into the impossible, he’ll do everything he can to keep Pepper alive and safe.
(The world is
“That sort of thing takes years—!”
He wonders if this is the way Tony is trying to help them. By not acting against them.
good thing seems to have survived the war, no matter how dreadful it has been. “I didn’t get any of the books last night, and I apologize, maybe I could have helped, but—”
for the second time in only a span of a few hours and feel so…
“I say we just cut off his entire arm, just to be sure.” Rocket suggests, voice filled with venom.
what that felt like. I admired her for it.”
Tony remembers T’Chaka, and T’Challa, and he can’t stop the flush of shame and rage that whorls like a hurricane inside his stomach, heavy like a boulder, sinking into his guts hot like he’s swallowed burning coal. He remembers, even when Rogers seems so determined to forget. He
It was hell on earth. Steve had spent that entire night wanting to knock himself out cold, just so he could stop thinking, could stop his heart from hurting, and thanks to the serum it was completely useless. It all felt useless. So the step he took next was the one that defined everything; The one where he chose to stop looking back, reckless and unyielding, refusing to bend or be swayed, carrying his mission to the end even if it
When it’s empty, it doesn’t even feel like the same place.
; And he doesn’t. He doesn’t ask.
He stops and shakes his head lightly, sensing he’s getting off track, and Tony’s mind is still reeling with the sudden display of vulnerability that he can’t say a word until Thor continues, in hushed, secretive tones.
“Just like FRIDAY, and all the others.” Tony gestures into the air, and without further prompting a screen comes up right before him, like a curious cat popping its head in to check out the room when someone calls its name.
Thanos’ daughter.
Even now, this bothers him. There was no determining the origin of Ultron’s distress then; Tony still doesn’t think there’s a way to do it now. Either it had been the Stone echoing the hatred it happened to absorb from the people around it, or some twisted, flawed version of the code Tony put into him in the first place—
Clint’s trial lasts even less than Scott’s. The result is exactly the same.
wanted this.
“He also wasn’t evil.” Natasha replies. “Every other time we encountered someone who was under the influence of the Mind Stone they tried to kill us. You, Loki, Wanda, Ultron. Vision is the only one who didn’t – and he was the one carrying the Stone the longest. If all the others attacked us, why didn’t he?”
“To bring back Vibranium? You really think the Wakandans are just gonna let us waltz in and grab their stuff?”
Peggy feels her lips trying to twitch into forming a smile, but she holds herself steady. She has not forgotten how the game is played, after all—and it seems, Mrs. Ana Jarvis is also familiar with the play. Good. Even though Peggy has no qualms about working alone, she enjoys the idea she has allies close if it’s needed.
Rogers, who has been gone for years,
“Just enough so we could bring them here.”
(Shit, the day has been so
with each other.
“It was Zemo.” Steve tries to explain. “If he hadn’t shown—”
And it’s a nice though. It really is.
But then again, his story is messy too. And would he ever tell her?
Why hadn’t it been enough?
–, he’d crack a joke about his age. But there is not a single ounce of humor in him right now.
It’s probably better this way.
. Far too much, in fact. That’s why Tony raises an eyebrow at her, full of sarcasm, and asks:
(We really can’t help but keeping secrets, can we?)
“Mr. Stark? Mr. Stark, can you hear me?”
Clint raises an eyebrow, curious. “Kind of obvious? Really?”
“I hope he did, or else he’s gonna have a lot of explaining to do.” She mutters, gruff and annoyed, brows pinched in displeasure.
Tony closes his hand into a fist so tightly it hurts, even with the hard edge of the armor preventing him from digging his nails through his palm, just the pressure of his fingers squeezing so strongly it almost makes him cramp, tendons stretching painfully all the way to his arm, skin pulled tight at his knuckles, aching for impact. It feels like rage. But
“Sure thing, Boss.” FRIDAY replies.
“I-” Tony chokes. “Are you sure?”
The alarm recedes in volume, though it continues to sound, undoubtedly louder outside the workshop in other to alert the others, but FRIDAY comes in, urgently relaying information:
This chapter hurts. It hurts a lot. The next one, unfortunately, will do too, but for a different reason.
they are.
is their immediate representative of them in the US, he’s the first obstacle they would need to face in case something went wrong, and how did that simply escape Rhodes’ attention?
“While I try to find a way to fix this to bring your
Bruce considers him for a second, eyes knowing.
At least, Tony had thought he had recognized it.
“So it’s not damage?” He presses. “He is not in some kind of health risk, is he?”
, and just for
, and for a second—
“Is that a
when talking about her, to Thanos’ face, his grief and his despair, the tears he was holding back as he tried to take revenge—
“You won’t call me anything.” She snarls a warning half-heartedly, merely annoyed, not murderous, and Tony takes that as a victory.
What happened in this chapter is not random.
It’s hard to accept the disparities between who he was and who he is, what he wished for and what actually happened, what is
Both Antonio and his husband are masterfully decorated in intricate ways, which now Antonio has come to learn are the typical appearance of a wedding in this Clan. His hair is not long enough to braid, not like his husband’s, much less such a magnificent design – so he has been decorated with amazingly delicate items, gold strings and flowers and pretty shells, a crown of sorts, to match the opulence his husband seems to carry on his person by pure nature. His clothes, kindly provided by the Clan he now must call his own, are not at all like the garments he would wear if he were marrying closer to home – as he should have been. Not at all. There is no velvet or beads, no corsets or flowers, or waistcoats and lace and all sorts of delicate things. No. The North is rough. It’s demanding and strong, like his husband, sharp and deadly, but Antonio feels no cold.
(And yet.)
“Knowing us, one of us would slip and break something.”
“I won’t lie to you.” Tony says, quickly, but sincerely. “I won’t. Alright. Then you – Just grant me the same courtesy, okay, big guy. I’ll… I’ll be fine. I’ll cherish the little things.”
plans, and Tony has no time for that, no time at all, no trust that this won’t lead him straight to his death; But then again, if this enough to send them away again, he’s also the idiot, and if he
To protect Bucky. There was a growl climbing up his throat, burning like acid, raw and pained, and Steve’s jaw hurt, and his fists hurt, and his
“Pep.” Tony murmurs. “I’m sorry. I have to do this.”
And then out of nowhere, he
something like that.
Tony balks. “Did you
He’s furious, and the Accords are just another example of everything that’s so
“And my interference with SHIELD systems concerns you how, Deputy Chief?”
“I’ll hold you to that.” Steve says, and he absolutely means it.
Natasha saw him as a threat. She might even believe he is innocent, Steve honestly isn’t sure, but she had never trusted Bucky would ever be
“We’ll fight, Bruce. We’ll fight and we’ll win. Don’t worry.”
(Every breath is something unholy.)
“I told FRIDAY you needed to sleep. And you did.” Pepper sweetly says, her eyes understanding. “It’s okay, we have it handled.”
She’s in Queens.
“What?” Steve blinks, and groans loudly once he realizes what Tony means. “No! Tony. I’m just saying it’s pretty impressive how you use your armor.”
, his eyes
They sit in a table that’s actually two tables pushed together, because there’s no room for all of them, and it’s a tight fit, but it’s okay. The thing that bothers him is that Tony is sitting right across him and for some reason, he won’t ever look in Steve’s direction, which couldn’t be more unnatural if he tried.
Not that he knows it would have gone better with all of them together. Maybe it wouldn’t. But maybe it would’ve. And that maybe will keep him up at night forever, will eat him away from the inside slowly but surely, and maybe he’ll never be at peace with it – maybe, if for a second time, for a second grand failure, Tony can’t get past through his hold ups with this long enough to fix
(Oh, no. Oh, no,
Maybe, if they can’t find a way to fix it – they are all going to lose. This time, with no coming back.
have, ever. And Tony would
He knew. Clint knew it too, and he had insisted that Steve should take the bed, and he would have the couch, it would be fine for just one night. But Steve declined. He declined because he wouldn’t take away Clint’s comfort when he knew he wouldn’t sleep, his body too high strung with the anxiety he awakened during the day, his mind way too busy, his thoughts way too loud for him to be allowed the blissful quiet of unconsciousness, even for a few minutes. Like a soldier, like this character of the
“Cap’s Irish?”
“Sounds awesome.” Tony admits, just a little winded. “I’d love that.”
I hope it's a good one, guys. I'm very excited about it.
In all senses of the word. He’d known
“Friends of the raccoon?”
he knows of his teammates – or… former teammates, he supposes –, but something in him is
“Okay.” Tony exhales, overwhelmed, but no less confused. He asks again, “And how do we do that?”
Rhodey doesn’t even ask him how he knows that. He merely hisses, “
“You can have anything you want from me, Rogers.” Tony smiles,
, seeing the world through each other’s eyes, only to realize the world is crumbling.
“So it’s my fault?” Steve croaks, with half smile on his face. It is not amused, or sarcastic, or sad. It doesn’t feel like anything at all.
“And you?” She whispers, so Sam cannot hear it. “Will you be okay?”
He turned himself in— And they haven’t heard from him since. He didn’t expect anything different, honestly, it happened exactly as he thought he would. It’s not like Scott can simply pick up a phone and call them without giving away their position; But Steve is worried. Of course he is. Ever since he went back, the news channels have been discussing them non-stop. They won’t let Scott say a word, so almost everything being said is speculation and guessing, but that’s no reason to not pay attention. It’s the first time in
“He wouldn’t, no one would destroy their biggest weapon and their only chance to protect themselves after challenging the entire universe to a deathmatch. He
“So I guess we wait.”
“There was a document, proposed by the UN.” Tony tells them, voice as level and calm as he can, his eyes lowered to the floor, because for some reason, he doesn’t feel strong enough to look them in the face as he speaks. “That was designed to take us from the control of the US government and make us a response team managed by the UN, to stop or at least reduce the problems we were having with some countries.”
“What if I
“I know.” Steve says. “But it helps. No one would expect me to have a beard.”
, then. The official ending.
It’s just Steve Rogers. No big deal.
He needs them to be on board with this. They’ll have a better chance if they do this—
Thor makes a disgusted face, like the very notion of it is inconceivable to him, and he looks angry at the idea that someone would be chasing Bruce to get to the Hulk.
Because – Because
“It was – I’m
(God.)
“I didn’t – Rogers
found the middle ground once the dirt settled.
it. He absolutely means it. His eyes have that careful and analytical gleam to them, that one that makes Steve feel so inferior, so naïve and helpless before a man much wiser than he is, despite the incredible differences in their experiences. Steve has never felt as wise as T’Challa seems to be. He has never felt this kind of ease and imposing tranquility that the king has. Must have. T’Challa is a man used to putting himself in the line of fire every time he makes a decision, for his choices rarely affect only himself, and this is the result of that necessity. This is the culmination of all his years as a leader, the leader he’s been told he should be ever since he was born.
There she is, descending on the landing pad,
He can’t
, for fuck sake, what could have he possibly done by just being asleep? He tries to rationalize it, but he has to stop himself, before his assumptions leave the realm of normal possibilities and plummet straight into catastrophizing. So he’s lost. He’s lost, and he hates it, and he squeezes her tighter in a meek effort of conveying his feelings without actually having to say them out loud, fearing that bringing them to light might be even worse than let them live under his skin.
“Your rooms are still in the same place.” Tony tells them, gesturing in the vague direction of the other figures in the room, only vaguely seeing them at the edge of his peripheral vision, ashamed of raising his head and looking at them in the eye. “You can all stay there for the night.”
They don’t care. They refuse to leave.
And then he hears it – coming down the hall, the familiar sound of low-heel boots approaching, in the exact cadence and weight he’s grown used to hear during these last few months, a tone he forced himself to know by heart, even if it was just to stop himself from rushing into action every time someone approached their hideouts.
<subject= “unidentified”>
Steve stops. “What? Like—”
“I can think of a lot of ways you could be more clear.” Rhodey grumbles.
“She’ll show up when she shows up.”
them, actually known them, as more than his co-workers? More than his
“What?”
“Captain Rogers.” Vision greets, and his voice is
, it softens the blow. It makes him feel less like he’s completely disappointing her every time he chooses the fight over her, which is a constant worry, a constant voice at the back of his head, the paranoia that never leaves, the
“You got it.”
Hope you weren't expecting a SteveTony hug. It's going to take a lot of work before we get there ;)
“Around the
Now he doesn’t. He is adrift once more, keeping a secret that is much larger than himself, alone. No. He didn’t miss this at all.
“Everything?” Pepper blinks rapidly, confused. “Why?”
(Who would, indeed.)
“The Benatar.” Tony reminds them, raising his eyebrows, and then turns to Thor. “It can cut through shortcuts across space, or something like that. Nebula did the same thing when she brought us back. Would you be able to guide them to the forge if we needed to?”
They go up the elevator together, but Steve leaves on his floor.
anything other than himself for a greater cause?
Mrs. Stark is just one of many, grasping at straws.
, has also lost it
“I’m not—
They pause.
my fault.”
She was captured. She was
people – and he will not think about who any deeper than that, he will not open that door right now – aren’t wrong either on their logic. Both sides have lost too much already without him throwing anymore stones at this so fragile structure of thought.
And neither does Steve.
was all but doused in guilt, and though she had committed to the Avengers and into making peace with the wrongdoings the team, or
He doesn’t know why Clint is reacting so badly to this.
God, this is—
It almost makes him want to laugh. Or cry. Or both.
Alone.
There is a pause,
(His kid.)
actually, and a
these days. They
Because—
This is where I’m
to her.
“Not a joke.”
It was just a precaution. Just a silly, paranoid idea, that he’d never thought she’d need.
“They listen to you.” Tony idiotically says, surprised.
“FRI.” Tony says, lowly, “Call Rhodes.”
His voice echoes inside the cold walls of the Quinjet. Bounces back to his own ears.
Tony watches with a heavy heart as the raccoon tears at his own fur and screams, screams and curses,
“Tony.” Rogers says, as an alert, trying to stop him – and Tony
(He’s just
Sam and Nat haven’t mentioned a word about how hard Steve has been pushing himself these days. Granted, Steve didn’t think they would have, whether because they are afraid he would shut himself off – which he would, and it pains him to admit it –, or because
Did he lie in Tony’s face, like the maniac, sadistic bastard he was, did he lean down and
Right over his heart.
“You’re up early.” Natasha comments loudly, making sure Tony can hear her all the way from the couch.
“Are you here to nag at me?”, he asks.
Tony Stark, apparently.
, right into the teeth. “You yelled at us, so yeah, I yelled back. Don’t act like you weren’t accusing us of something, Tony, you know you were!”
“Sounds romantic.” Steve says flatly, because that’s as close as a joking tone his voice will get at this moment.
This is dangerous.
, and he stares at them for a very, very long time.
, as if he could press away the pain that flares inside. “We’re trapped here. It’s over. He won. We’re done.”
, did he fight them with his bare hands, no protection? How could that happen?! Why is Natasha’s suit brand new, how can she look like she’s had her battle gear maintained and updated and Rogers looks like he’s been dragged to hell and back?
Tony has his shield. Shit.
“And I want to…” Steve stops suddenly, nervously. “I don’t want this to be a… what do you call it? A fling. I want – something more.”
Steve doesn’t like to fight his friends. He particularly doesn’t like to fight Tony, because he likes Tony, he respects Tony a lot, and it
Thor, who admittedly has no fault, looks at the others, baffled and in clear need for rescue. They all stare back, even more confused.
Fuck—
These people are like May Parker.
Wong, surprisingly, guides them to a
“If you can access the travel path from the command panel”, Tony hesitantly inquires, knowing Nebula is paying attention even though she hasn’t turned around ever since she sat at the pilot’s chair. “What else can you access?”
“Sorry.” Howard says, but he sounds distracted. “Do you like the upgrades? I was thinking about implementing some new data management to it, but there wasn’t time. So, I just added some… Wait. What are those? These are not the prints I uploaded. How is it doing that?”
Tony makes them both jump, and Tony turns around in the air to see a group of people jumping over the fence from the sides and running towards the House running, with canes and hammers in their hands, alcohol bottles and pieces of burning fabric, and
Tony had been trying to reach out to them. Hadn’t he?
Where do they land? Land what?
“What about the last one? Does anyone know anything about it?”
“He wouldn’t.” Nebula says. “His planet rejected him and his message when he warned them hunger would consume them. They cast him out when he suggested they should kill half the population to save themselves.”
“What’s the difference?” Rocket raises a furry eyebrow, full of sarcasm.
But he should’ve listened.
Tony stops.
“And where do you think we will find this information?” Natasha asks.
the Nova that worry me!”
Tony’s teeth click together when his mouth snaps shut, feeling his neck burn with the uncomfortable sensation of both Natasha and Rhodey staring at him with too knowing eyes, and all he can say is a soft
Steve… Steve had never
“You…” Tony stutters. “You left an alien spaceship on a hospital parking lot?”
“You also knew, Natasha.” He says, and it’s an accusation and a plea, all in one.
you.”
He feels
“Without that gauntlet, he’s just an alien-like any other.” Tony pushes into Thor’s personal space, feeling bigger, larger than life, the force of the flames inside his chest expanding in an explosion. “Our
“What happened with you when you were out there?” Rhodey kindly inquires, moving closer and setting himself down onto a workbench, the bulk of the exoskeleton barely looking mechanic at all, his movements slow and fluid, and his entire posture exudes a deep sensation of trustworthiness, of eager desire to help, a soft, understanding posture that to the day, makes Tony recall fond memories of college, when he least deserved it, but when Rhodey became the rock he is to this day in Tony’s life.
But he mourns anyway. He mourns Bucky, he mourns the Commandoes, he mourns the love story that will never have the chance to be. A date he won’t be able to attend. A war he won’t be able to see to the end. It hurts, so bad, but he clenches his jaw and hardens his heart as much as he can, his will strong as iron, and he pushes the controls down, as if forcing them would make it go faster, end quicker, not giving him a chance to feel pain when it crashes.
He curses under his breath. He can’t do this right now.
again. “No money involved.”
“Of course you are.” Wanda whispers, giving him a light shove with her arm. “You are. You always will be.”
No, really –
Seeing lights appear in the distance, suddenly, is no longer comforting.
“A lot of what we have is left from JARVIS and Vision. Ultron tried his best to take himself totally out of my systems – he was having a bit of a rebellious phase.” Tony mmuses, the instinct to joke too deeply ingrained to stop, but his eyes never stray from the screen, where FRIDAY starts to pull up the files Tony has kept hidden for years now, files he never thought he would take another glance at ever again. “But still, part of what he was… was in JARVIS. Same thing with Vision.”
Not agreed, but believed. Believed
back here.
; But he is. He is
He hopes that’s not it.
“Who are you to say what we can or can’t do?!” A man screams, spit and sweat flying as he grabs the bars with all his strength, face squeezed between the bars so tightly Tony almost fears he might get his head stuck if he can push it between the gap. “America is
It’s fitting, he thinks, that this would be the thought that sneaks up on him.
He’ll make this better. He’ll improve, he’ll adapt. He will find a way to that that Gauntlet out of Thanos’ hand.
But right now, she will not stop him.
“Using the elevator.” FRIDAY replies, cool and sweet, soft, and Tony knows she can detect the way his heart his racing, can see the flow of the neurotransmitters from the biomarkers implanted on him, probably being able to name Tony’s current emotions much better than Tony himself can. And even still – or, maybe,
“Be safe, kiddo.” Clint tells Wanda before he leaves, with a kind smirk on his face. “I’ll make sure he gets home in one piece.”
you, Tony. But I don’t want you to lose a piece of yourself because of what you think I need.”
(He can’t take this anymore.)
“You know that, right?” she asks, a little sad. Resigned.
That was – Upstairs. In the kitchen.
Natasha keeps looking at him, as if she’s waiting for something.
He has no idea what he will find.
in the moment, she showed me the moment the war ended. I was already in the ice by then. But I recognized the place, the clothes. The… people. It was all from my past. It was just a… dream.”
But despite all of that, he
Bruce looks down and shakes his head, his gaze lost to somewhere far beyond anything they can see, a sickly shine to his forehead as if he’s starting to sweat from the stress. He runs his hand through his short, greying hair – takes off his glasses, rubs at his eyes with his knuckles. He looks like he’s in pain.
Problem is, Tony is very obvious. He knows that. He knows because all the others make it their business to
Children of Thanos, he called them, as if they were precious, as if being under his charge was something to be proud of, something
“No, Boss.”
He stumbles upon them on accident, while he’s taking a sharp turn to the right in the direction of the great lounge that exists on the floor above princess Shuri’s lab; and suddenly, he spots her. She is talking with king T’Challa, both of them standing by the glass wall that faces the back of the palace, out to the great open field that extends as far as the eye can see. They speak in hushed tones, so quietly that Steve can’t hear them from this distance, even with his enhanced hearing, but he can see by their body language that whatever it is that they’re talking about, it is not pleasant. Natasha seems skittish with poorly concealed worry, shifting her weight from one feet to another unconsciously, as if she can’t find a position to be comfortable in. T’Challa is tense, his shoulders raised, but his face is kind and concerned, if not a little desperate.
Whatever Tony does, it always leads him back to the fight. Even when he tries to step away, it’s like his body pulls him back unconsciously.
But it was worth it. it was worth it, he told himself, if it meant he’d get to keep Pepper Potts. And maybe it was the time, truly, to make some changes in his superhero life. He had been planning for it, pulling strings and organizing backup plans; He had been on the
And Tony says, unhelpfully, “How did you get here?”
left for him.”
(I hope you feel better, Captain.)
But Steve is more careful, now. There is a lot about Bucky he doesn’t know anymore. And a lot of it involves a deep, encasing feeling of
, and he won’t give them a reason to believe he’s not worthy of their help. Bucky needs this much more than him.
“They won’t.” Natasha affirms, dead certain. “The entire world is watching. Ross can’t put him back in there without alerting the UN now.”
The first second he becomes conscious of his new body, he feels like he’s been born again.
“I think you are rejecting something because you don’t allow yourself to think about it.” T’Challa says cryptically.
“We’ll be
“Stark.” Thor calmly says. “I know this is hard for you. But we have to do it. If the Stone tried to say something through Maximoff, it could have tried to say something through any other host it had, and if we know how to use it, we have a better chance of winning.”
Queen of a mourning nation, in a decaying world.
“I don’t need to be Iron Man.” Tony mutters, and he means it. He truly, from his very soul, he
And this, Pepper doesn’t get. It frustrates him – even if he can understand her side, because he can, he’d also go mad with worry if
But in many ways, Tony has always been, in his very core, a
Tony – he’s not sure what to say.
denying that not all of that was the scepter’s fault. The things he said, the things he thought, that was all
die before I get the people I care about back, you understand?”
How many will die while they scramble to find a long-term solution? How many plane crashes or accidents, fires and smoke, how many starving or freezing or alone or suffocated until they manage to
“Oh, thank God.” He breathes, because that’s all he can really say, that’s all that will demonstrate at least a small fraction of how deep his relief is. “FRIDAY, are you okay?”
of trade or
“Just wondering if he’s responding fine.”
The armor envelops him quickly, but the fumbling with the belts slows him down. Thor pushes away his own belts and grabs onto Stormbreaker much quicker, following Rogers over the open gate and also dropping quickly to the garden below, without thinking twice, and it pisses Tony off even more how easy it is for the others to fall into Rogers pace so eagerly and thoughtlessly. The rest of them start to move too, some quickly, some not so quickly, stunned by the unexpected action, but they all finish gearing up and start preparing themselves to fall into position, as Tony finally manages to get himself free and runs towards the open exit, ready to jump.
“Maybe you should bring him a coffee.”
Not that they actually study much, because twenty minutes in Tony starts joking in that weirdly endearing, flirty way he always does, and Steve, for once, is feeling so elated that he actually
He’s not even sure what kind of man he is at this moment.
“I’d say he would go back to the Black Order, but I don’t know how many of them are still alive.” She concludes.
“He couldn’t get the Time Stone in New York, so he fought for it when he got there.”
the intervention, we would go through debrief and organization of the rescue and relief efforts; in joint action of Stark Relief Foundation and the country’s chosen
“For what?” Natasha asks back, but she is smirking. This is good. This is
“I don’t understand.” Lang admits, thankfully before Tony has any chance to react negatively to any of this
“Are you
“Maybe.”
, so openly honest and so, so earnest that Tony feels it all the way down to his bones, it hits into his chest like a blow,
and Peggy drops everything she’s holding on top of the counter and rushes back upstairs as fast as she can, sighing in relief when she finds Tony’s screen lit for the first time in 48 hours.
“We’ll check underneath.” Natasha’s voice answers efficiently, although Nebula doesn’t say a word. Tony can’t see them to check if everything’s alright.
fight.)
He can remember, crystal-clear, the tone of Natasha’s words cutting through the warm, humid air of Wakanda, at the night of their fight, her raging defiance when she shouted in his face
“Get over here, C-3PO.” He calls, beckoning her closer with a lazy gesture of his hand. “We have all the time in the world.”
the military is not as good as it seems. Taking orders blindly is dangerous. He sees why he signed it; but he should have
“I don’t think he would have.” Thor says as a defense, fully honest. “The Collector is an odd man, maybe a bit of a lunatic, but he is no fool. Even for someone like him, some powers are not to be careless with.”
I had way too many questions to just ignore it - so we're going to roll with it. Thank you, Feige, for this piece of information. You might never use it, but I am going to have a lot of fun with it.
(You’re going to do something you’ll regret.)
He just won’t be able to see it, will he?
“You are the most important piece, Captain. With you on his side, fixing everything else would’ve been easier.”
Tony had wondered what had happened on Titan, when he was there. When he first saw the vast, endless destruction and debris, the solitude of its’ sands, stones and metal, the skeletons of what once could’ve been a living planet – even as his eyes scanned the terrain looking for advantage points and possible traps, his mind mostly focused on the threat of Thanos about to arrive; That little corner of his mind, the one that’s paranoid, curious, and never shuts up, that tiny piece of him had wondered:
MCU, thank you for the last 10 wonderful years. Despite all the shit I give you, you have been, for sure, a joy in my life. I hope everyone has a good time watching this movie, and let's all enjoy it as much as we can.
“FRI, can you get into Cap’s and the others’ comms?” Tony asks, struggling to multitask as he flies through the runaway swarm of people.
In truth, they had been
“Are you ready to pick up your suit?” She asks him, but she’s hauling him in the direction of her lab before he can say anything, still too out of it to answer quickly enough. “My brother did tell me not to get too crazy with it, but I don’t listen to him, and I made you a great armor that is twice as light and three times stronger. Similar to the Black Panther suit. I took some liberties with the design, of course, because the whole red and blue color scheme was just terrible, but I can change it if you prefer another color. I heard you were an artist when you were younger. You probably have some preferences for color combinations and things like that. We can work something out.”
“Or else what?” Tony arches an eyebrow, and Rhodey threateningly stares back, equally playful and ominous.
“Steve, you gotta get over here quick, I don’t care where you are right now, you have to
But she doesn’t need to. Tony
Tony, readily, waves his hand at the screen and brings out a map, zooming in the current location where the mob can be found at, observing the path created by the collection of red dots that indicate the burning sites that have been identified, and tries, as quickly as he can, to establish a possible interception point based on where they are more likely to go.
There’s a beat, a pause, silent but so, so loud, like a painful pulse before a heart attack.
“Oh. Yeah.” Wanda blinks for a second, surprised, and she twists a strand of her hair between her fingers, thoughtful. “Made it a little lighter. Wanted something different.”
Tony misses him.
<TRANSMITING CONTENT TO DATABASE>
“Rhodes!” Tony screams, until it kills his throat, until his stomach hurts, until his head pounds with pain and agony.
“There have been accidents, Boss. Many accidents.” FRIDAY immediately says, sounding profoundly sad. “I’ve detected over twenty-five thousand immediate casualties, in the state of New York alone. Main causes include: car crashes, heavy machinery malfunction or mishandle, destruction of buildings and plane crashes. I also have registers of three emergency alerts being sounded within areas declared as biohazardous and in seventeen institutions that handle dangerous or sensitive biological and chemical substances and materials, during the first hour after the final attack.”
