“I do care about you being happy, though. I understand that hiding that part of yourself is a burden. And... when it comes to sex...Dean... thinking about a guy, even when you're with me... it’s not a bad thing, it’s not a sin. I... I gotta say... it’s kinda hot actually.”
“No!” he gets up and leans over the desk, “Look, she practically gift wrapped me for you. She asked me if I was interested in someone yesterday and when I didn’t answer she told me to think about you. Lisa’s not an idiot, you know. You started all this and now you just push me aside? This your way of helping people? Am I even the first you’ve tried this on?!”
“Listen to me: you’re going to let me examine and diagnose you correctly. Then, if at all possible, I will heal you. Or I could just leave you here being absolutely miserable. And possibly turn to salt. Your choice.”
“I have other duties this afternoon, but I’m amendable to seeing the two of you in my office in 15 minutes. Would that work?”
“There is no brighter soul in the whole of existence than you, Dean and I am humbled to have been chosen by you. You have been my teacher, my friend, my saviour, the father of my children... you have changed me for the better and accepted my many flaws. I love you, Dean. More than words could ever say.”
He then turns to John and does his signature wave, “Hi! I’m Jack. You must be my grandfather... Hope you’re nicer than the other one. I drained his power and became the new god. I hope the new Heaven is to your liking?”
Lisa gives him a nudge, seems like part 1 of the weekly torture is done...thank fuck for that! He’s got more important things to do...
“Now, now, dear John... You’re in no position to throw stones, pet. I seem to remember you being quite vocal yourself yesterday, when I put that plug up that nice bum of yours.”
Satisfied (for the moment), they rest their foreheads together. Just enjoying the moment... He’ always talking about ‘no chick-flick moments’, but secretly he’s a sucker for it.
By the time Cas is through kissing him within an inch of his life, Dean is utterly breathless... boneless... well, except for one. And his lover is currently making his way down to it, marking his skin all along the way.
After collecting the package, he can’t get home fast enough. He parks Baby in the garage and sneaks up to his room. No time for distractions, he’s been waiting for this special edition for years. The crowning jewel of his super-secret collection...
He drops his voice even lower as he says: “We’re guilty of the same crime, Dean and while you may feel the need to apologise, I assure you it is unnecessary.”
Cas walks over to Rowena and hugs her. “Thank you for your... ah... sacrifice. Sure it was a hardship...”
Deans panties are showing now. They’re lace... ivory white and barely containing his hard-as-nails erection.
For all Deans teasing about Sam's puppy-dog-eyes, he’s pretty good at putting them to work himself. How can Cas possibly refuse him anything now?
“I don’t want you to feel like a cheater or a liar, Dean. You’re a good man, a good father and you’ve lived with this burden for so long now... I know how your dad raised you, I know how this town is... but that shouldn’t stop you. You deserve better. I deserve better too. Tell me, Dean, you’re not even ‘just’ bisexual, are you?”
Fuck. He had to go there... Ok Winchester, poker face. Act your way through this like you’re an Oscar-nominee. He mirrors Cas’ posture, adding crossed arms, before saying:
“It’s a fantasy... anything goes, that’s how it works. And priest or not, he’s a hot guy. Don’t you think so?”
“Maybe it’s time you found out...I’m in a league of my own. And I know how to handle a little spitfire like you, honey.”
He nods. It's all he CAN do. It feels like there’s a handprint seared into his shoulder, the electric blue eyes on his conveying more secrets than what is said with words. *he knows... oh God, he KNOWS!*
“Okay, probably better that way. I’ll take a drive and check on Sam. And Cas...if she’s dead, bring her body out.”
That’s how Lisa finds him, after dropping of Ben at his moms. Sitting at the table, head in his hands.
They’re on a strategically placed kitchen chair in the middle of the living room, facing the front door.
“That’s very unhealthy Dean. Not to worry, I still have to take your temperature and examine your prostate. I hear prostate stimulation can lead to a very satisfying orgasm. I’ll see what I can do...”
“Did you guess already? Yeah? Does knowing he was only 13 the first time make it worse at all? I hope it does.”
That seems to have pushed ALL of Cas’ buttons and he’s on him in a heartbeat! They passionately kiss for a few moments, locked in a tight embrace, hands in each other's hair... He lifts his legs, closes them around Cas’ hips, ankles locked. They stop.
And even though the plan was to give the fucker a good show and a nasty comeback, all is lost to pleasure as he feels Dean come inside him and they tumble over the edge together.
Cas hands are on his chest, digging in his nails as he reaches his high. Suddenly he leans back, arms at his sides, hands in supplication, face lifted towards the sky as if receiving salvation! Mouth opened in a soundless cry...
“That’s what you think of me? What a pretty picture you’ve painted in your head... Castiel, the whore-priest, seducing closeted gays left and right! Just because I’ve forsaken my vow of chastity, doesn’t mean I use my dick for everything, you know!”
He pushes. It feels awkward for a second and then something... gives. Cas slowly, but steadily enters him. He finds little resistance. Once fully inside, he presses his face against the side of Deans neck and shudders. Breathlessly, he mutters:
O-kay...? Dean knows his brother wouldn’t mind his brother being with a man, but...huh...no surprise? At all?! So much for being stealthy.
For a moment he’s lost in his memories. Lost in shame and grief for the careless boy he never got to be. He’s pulled out of his musings by a hand on his left shoulder. Dean looks up and their eyes meet.
Gabriel had already contacted my parents and, when he was ignored, my siblings. They all turned him away, no matter how much evidence of his ancestry he provided. He’d come to me as a last resort, surely a priest wouldn’t send a man in need away. When I heard the reason for his visit, my trust in my whole family faltered. He was sick. In desperate need of a StemCell transplant and hoping his biological family would help him. He didn’t want money, never threatened with a scandal... he just wanted to live.
“Looking good, Squirrel. I see Feathers he has been bringing his A-game. Knew he had it in him... Just needed a little Deanmon in the sack to push him over the edge!”
Mary is livid. Her eyes shine with rage and John feels a very cold shiver run down his spine. He’s reminded of their last year together. When they were first married, Mary was the perfect wife... easy going, always agreeing with him, always smiling. Then suddenly things started to change. Having kids changed her, made her priorities shift. He didn’t like it and wasn’t afraid to tell her so. They would often fight, had done so on the night she died actually. It was no coincidence that she’d gone to bed alone that night.
Cas collapses on top of him, buries his face in the crook of Deans neck. As he comes down, he notices Cas is shaking. Little sobs escape him. Dean wraps his arms around him and kisses the side of his head. Oh, the lengths he’d go to, to keep this man safe and happy...to shelter him from the world and all its ugliness.
Dean’s looking pointedly at the road, swallowing hard. He doesn’t mean to criticise Cas, but he really thought he knew... After the thing with the pearl, where John was suddenly brought back, he opened up to Cas about the abuse he’d suffered at his father's hands. How even now, he’d concealed his hate for him for the sake of his mom and brother. Sending John back had been cathartic. But he couldn't tell anyone... except Cas. It had further solidified their renewed friendship at the time.
The kiss is sloppy, passionate, addictive...and terrifying. But this isn’t the time for second thoughts.
“She did. Said she wanted her own torture-moment with him. And you know how I like to spoil her... Don’t worry, she’s gotten much better at controlling her anger.”
Cas gets back up and looks him straight in the eye. Such beautiful blue eyes... eyes like the sky...
*Ok Dean, time to come clean with yourself... you’re a bi man and you’re head over heels for an angel of the lord who probably has no understanding of romantic love and unknowingly fondled you just right a few days ago. Nice going...*
After drooling over the August one (a gorgeous redhead laying back on haybales with white feathers laid out in a wing-pattern and his hat covering his junk), he turns over the page to September... and his breath hitches.
Dean looks at his dad with his mouth hanging open. He wants to say something, call him a hypocrite... but his little shit of a boyfriend beats him to the punch.
He’s pulled out of sleep by a hand caressing his morning wood, a mouth kissing and licking his neck. For a moment he savours the sensation, still lost in the dream he was having... a very similar dream... He leans his head back, giving the mouth better access to his throat. He moans and pushes his ass back, fully expecting Cas’ rock-hard dick pressing against him... But it doesn’t come... and... the hand on his cock is wrong. Too small, nails too long. The mouth is wrong too. No stubble. Not demanding as it was yesterday...
Dean swallows audibly. Fuck, when did Cas go from sounding sad to sounding absolutely sex-starved? He feels a hand touching his shoulder. THAT shoulder.
I re-entered the church and worked behind the scenes for a bit. Simply doing good work. And now I am here. I perform all my priestly duties; I say all the right words, go through the motions, look the part... but, what really matters is what I do ‘in the dark’. You see, my time with Gabe showed me something very important. Every life is worth saving. No matter the colour of your skin, or the one you love or the life you choose to lead. We are but men amongst men, who are we to judge.
“Gonna make some coffee... You coming down? I wanna hear about all about your meeting with Castiel.”
“...and giving up on the sweetest of all pleasures, forsaking all selfish desire for duty, is it not more than one can bear? It is... but the power of conviction can move mountains. All of us make sacrifices for the good of others. Sometimes they are small, like giving your last candy to your child. Sometimes they are heart breaking, like letting go of someone so they can have a better life and be free. But they are never simple, they are never unnoticed, they are always a sign of good and loving heart. Our decisions, no matter how insignificant they may seem, can hold great change for others. And that is by far the most important thing: to love one another, help one another, accept each other's differences... and give... for one day you may be in need of receiving.”
Sam is the first one to start laughing. The others immediately join in and before long, the game is all but forgotten. Dean hides his face in his hands and Cas kisses the top of his head. He looks up and finds him sportin a sweet little smile.
He looks Cas straight in the eyes and says: “This song is for Cas...sorry baby, I wanted to do Thank You by Zepp, but my queen gave her orders...”
Bobby is standing behind him, arms crossed, frowning at John. As much as he hates the guy for stealing his best girl, he’s missed the old bastard. Bro’s before ho’s and all that...
But he’s too far gone to stop her, fuelled by his wicked fantasy, he’s so close that when she starts jerking him faster, he’s just gone. Coming all over her hand, making a pathetic little noise, unsure if it was out of pleasure or disappointment.
Uh-oh, she’s hitting him with the bitchface (wonder where Sam gets it?), she’s about to chew him out...
“STOP! JUST STOP!!!” The anguished cry stops Cas in his tracks. He was just about to make that ‘Prince’ regret coming here... damnit John!
“And then you tell him he’ll have to kill his brother. Like a sick deathbed wish. The boy he raised and loved as only a parent can.”
Dean sees understanding dawn on his father's face. Suddenly Cas is beside him, innocent smile on his face.
“Strip. I can examine heart, lungs, brain and organs just by laying a hand on you, but some things I need to actually see and feel. My grace isn’t what it used to be, after all...”
“Then we never even had a chance... just... give me some time? We can work something out, but... just give me today, ok?” Dean looks at her in wonder and nods. She’s about to walk through the door when she says: “Thanks for the advice, Castiel.”, and leaves.
Claire’s beautiful smile suddenly gets a bit... on the psychotic side and a shiver runs down his spine for some reason.
On their way to the community centre, Cas explains that most of those youngsters are queer. Hiding who they are, thrown out by their parents, abandoned by those who were supposed to love and protect them. Dean feels sick.
John can do nothing but stare as the boys walk up to Sam, who officiates the wedding. More words are said, Dean enthusiastically yells out a “Hell yeah!” -inducing more laughter, rings are exchanged, kisses shared...
They had just reached the Poblano when John joined them, cockily sitting himself down right in front of Cas and telling him to ‘bring it on’.
“Does that really matter?” She turns around, bends over and pushes her bare ass against him. His hard cock nestles between her cheeks and she starts moving her hips in circles.
Suddenly the mood changes. Cas grips his knees and bends his legs back. He looks up at Dean, lips red and swollen... And for a moment... he panics.
Without making much of a fuss, he pushes his fingers home once again. Shit, that feels so good... when did he become such a slut for this? Cas isn’t moving though... why isn’t he moving? Dean looks back at him and is met with the surprising sight of Cas leering at him like a man starved.
Mere moments later they find themselves in the Sacristy. There's a moment of hesitation, a loaded second which is broken the moment their eyes meet. They crash into each other, kissing like only new lovers do... harsh, uncoordinated, sloppy... as if they are trying to consume the other. Clothes are shed and no inch of skin is left unexplored.
Suddenly, Dean realized that he still hadn’t answered Cas’ question. Cas was looking at him with a furrowed brow and his head was tilted in that adorable manner he had. “I get it if you don’t want to go out with me, Dean. I –“
“Yeah, um, he asked me out today. Balthazar. His name is Balthazar. And, um, please help me?” Cas looked up at him with puppy dog eyes, good enough to rival those of Sam. Who could say no to that expression? Not Dean, that’s for sure.
“Now, I want you to keep your legs open as I strip for you. I want to see how these panties fail to keep you in place, your balls hanging out for me, your cock hard and leaking. And no touching. You started the tease, and now it’s my turn.”
No sooner had Cas uttered those words, Dean was begging for it. “Please, Cas. I need your cock in me, please. Give it to –
When Cas got home, he was immediately greeted with the smell of food burning, and a lot of smoke. He went into the kitchen to see what happened, to find Dean standing there with a dejected look on his face. Seeing Dean’s sadness made Cas’ heart hurt too.
That was hilarious to Dean but before he could do more than snort, the bitch face was back, and this time it was aimed at Dean, so he sobered up pretty fast. Sam handed Dean the phone with a blush and said,
“Date? What? With who? Why didn’t you tell me?” Dean demanded. And no, he wasn’t jealous or anything. Not at all. He was happy for his best friend who was going on a date with a not him person. The only reason he felt upset was because he wouldn’t be able to spend time with his best friend. No other reason, at all. Nope. Nu-uh.
To this suggestion, Sam decided to put his moose antlers where they didn’t belong. “Yeah, Dean. I cam contribute to buying you those. You’re my only brother after all. I can’t let anything happen to you because your boyfriend snores now, can I?” he said with a shit eating grin that could compete with the one Gabe had.
“He’s not my husband, Sammy. Cut it.” Dean told him, seeing clearly that Cas always got uncomfortable when people teased them like that.
Dean grins at Cas’ reply, and they stand there staring at each other for a few moments, standing way too close to each other than would be appropriate for friends. Right when he’s sure Cas is about to lean in to kiss him, his phone chimes with a message from Charlie telling him to drag his ass back home ASAP and bring some of Ben’s favorite yoghurt from the grocery store. Dean groans at their second almost kiss and smiles at Cas apologetically.
That night, after Dean had dropped Cas off at his place and kissed him goodbye, when Dean was lying in bed, he knew that even if they didn’t work out, they’d still be friends, and they would still hang out without any awkwardness.
“Are you asking me to watch Merlin with you, Dean?” Castiel asked with a small smile and wide eyes. Damn, Dean really could get lost in those eyes.
“You don’t get to touch yourself, Dean. Your body is mine to pleasure and if you touch what is mine, I will tie you up. Now, I’m going to pull down your panties just enough to expose your hole, and finger you till you’re coming, dirtying those pretty panties for me. Then I will continue to stretch you and eat you out until you’re hard again and begging for me to fuck you, and only then will I fuck you. And God, will I fuck you. I will pound your ass until you can’t think straight. You will come on my cock while I plow you into the mattress and then I will come all over that pretty body of yours. If at any time you touch yourself, I’ll tie you up and stop what I’m doing, and make you watch me as I jerk myself off all over you. Are we clear?”
Again, with the Dad voice. Dean rolled his eyes and went to Cas’ car thinking that if Sam knew that the parent voice worked on Dean, he would probably make him eat rabbit food all day long.
Just then Sam came out of his room, wanting to see what all the noise was about. Immediately he was attacked by an over excited Charlie who climbed up his torso and latched onto his neck.
“Yes Dean, I love you too but can you be a little less sloppy? The only saliva I want on me is my girlfriend’s.”
It is on one of these evenings, on a Saturday, when Dean is at Cas’ place, that they are lounging on the couch, watching F.R.I.E.N.D.S and were thinking of taking shots whenever Chandler said something sarcastic, that he gets a call from Sam. He wondered what it that Sam could possibly want was. He knew that Dean had started taking the evenings off and usually spent them at Cas’ place, and while Cas did his school stuff, Dean dealt with paper work or watched movies on Cas’ huge ass tv.
Castiel Novak was his oldest student. At age 34, he was almost the same age as Dean, and Dean had overheard him talking to his friends about how he was married to his childhood best friend turned high school sweetheart. In any other situation Dean would have felt guilty for thinking that the other man was painfully, devastatingly gorgeous, but Dean figured, their age difference wasn’t much, so it wasn’t as bad as it would have been with his other students.
Dean’s eyes were trained on Cas’ crotch, and nothing could make him look away at this moment, Cas was getting hard in his panties, and one of his hands had come down to toy with the base of the plug in his ass. Dean pushed harder against Cas’ heel, and Cas resisted.
“Don’t you worry about that. You made me fall for you on the night of the Ball and there’s no way I’m letting you go without a fight. If your family has anything to say about that, they can talk to me themselves.”
Hearing that was apparently enough to break Castiel and he tilted his head from where it was resting on Dean’s shoulder.
Jeez I'm an unreliable piece of crap, aren't I? I don't even know what to say except that I was too lazy to type this out and kept on putting it off.
“Hey, Sammy. Who’s this girl? Do I need to remind you not to talk to strangers?” Dean teases in an exaggerated tone, making Claire giggle.
“WAKE UP, DADDY!” Ben shouts excitedly, almost kneeing Dean in the groin. Not willing to take any chances, Dean gets up quickly and carries the kid into the kitchen. As he prepares his coffee, he pours out some milk for Ben to have before breakfast.
Cas and Gabe abandoned their conversation with the arrival of food and the five of them ate and laughed until Charlie had to leave.
This hit Dean like a bag of bricks. “Okay, let’s say what you said is true, there is still a problem. Cas is in a relationship, and there is no way I’m going to break them up just because I love him. He deserves to be happy and he will be happier with that Brit than he would be with me.”
Sam spluttered on air at the unexpected turn of conversation and shook his head, “No. No one you guys need to torture, yet.”
“Professor Winchester?” Castiel’s rough voice calls out to him, and dammit, he should have known he wasn’t going to be that lucky. “Can I talk to you for a minute?”
Desperate for a touch, Dean leaned forward and wrapped his hand around Cas’ dick – his fingers just closing around it – and jerked him a couple of times. Cas let out a ragged moan but stepped away.
Mid way, Claire claps excitedly and points at Dean and Cas, jumping in her seat. Dean looks inquiringly at Charlie who looks suspiciously innocent.
That morning started out no different. Dean went to the hospital with a shit ton of donuts and coffee to give among the patients and their parents. Then Dean went over some of the changes since last night that Jess had recorded. All had been good over the night, not that he had been expecting many changes. He was just about to launch into some paperwork when Charlie, one of the nurses and his best friend, knocked on his door.
“You finally, after so many years, realize that you’re in love with your best friend. Let me emphasise on the finally part of it, by the way. And you don’t think that I should know? You’re supposed to tell me stuff like that yourself. Instead I heard it from Charlie because she thought I knew.”
. As soon as he got into position, he looked over to Cas and saw that the man was palming his dick. Even though it was still trapped in the denim of his jeans, Dean could see the outline, and damn, he was huge. Dean was by no means small. At seven inches, he was way above the average size, but it was clear that Cas was larger than him, and thicker too. God, that cock would feel so good pounding him. Dean would be sore for days afterwards. The good kind of sore.
Gabriel was Cas’ twin brother. A total pain in Dean’s ass. Gabe was nicknamed The Trickster for a good reason. He loved playing pranks on people, most of all on Dean. And Dean had forgotten that he was also spending the holidays with them. Dean did not like Gabe, thank you very much, and would much rather spend time with only his brother than with both of their brothers. Whenever Sam and Gabe came together, they made it a point to play pranks on Dean and Cas all day long (last time Dean was removing glitter from parts he didn’t know he had until a week after they left. It was not at all funny), and tease them of being married, which was very much untrue.
Tonight was date night and Dean loved date nights. Even after being with Cas for over 7 years, they managed to go out on dates every week, and the only time they missed was when Dean was down with the flu and couldn’t get out of bed. That week, Cas had made him food and fed him with his hands and they had cuddled and watched movies. Looking back, that was a date night too.
Cas replied to all the messages and texted Balth that he was awake and was looking forward to spending time with him. By the time he was done replying to everyone, Dean was ready with his tray of food. He had made some French toast and Bacon with Orange juice, all of which Cas liked but what was the best part of it all was the miniature tower of PBJ sandwiches that Dean had also placed on the tray, because he knew that it was Cas’ favourite. Cas barely mumbled a ‘thank you’ before he began to dig in and eat all the food before it disappeared. Dean laughed in amusement at Cas’ speed but he paid it no attention. He was getting breakfast in bed and it was all his favourite food, who cared what anyone else said.
Around fifteen minutes later, Cas was still nursing his drink at the bar, ready to head out in a few minutes if both of them struck out when the door of the bar opened and Cas saw him. The hottest man Cas had ever laid his eyes on. He was tall, taller that Cas probably, but not by much. The man in question had blonde hair and a smattering of freckles that brought out his green eyes. Everything about him was so vibrant that Cas could almost make out all details even from a distance. The man ignored the bar and headed straight to the back of the room where there were a few pool tables that Cas had missed earlier. Intrigued and slightly turned on, Cas decided to wait a bit longer in the hopes of hooking up with the green eyed Adonis. Cas gulped his drink down in one go and ordered his next one.
Charlie sat with him as he cried over what happened and panicked over what the future held in store for them. Charlie held him as he tried to calm down, telling him that it wasn’t his fault and that it was okay to lose control once in a while and break down. She didn’t make fun of him or belittle him for crying just because he was a guy.
///Bend over Dean... yes, such a good boy. Let’s see how much you can take, hmm? Want some more? I’ll give you more... mmm, look at you... So needy, so desperate... Oh you take it so well... You like it hard don’t you, hard and deep and... ///
Man, that date was a bust... First, Mary keeps talking about Bobby, then she starts talking about how John’s not the same man she fell in love with and the 2 of them needing some time apart and to top it all of: his suggestion that they just need some time in the back of the car (followed by a lusty wink) is shot down so fast, she might as well have kicked him in the balls. They returned home and he’s -once again- been locked out of his bedroom. Women!
Dean chuckles, “Oh don’t you worry about payback... Cas has made it his personal mission to make his Heaven a living Hell and you really have no idea about how vindictive that little shit is... It’s actually Jack that let him in. He didn’t know about any of this, he’s not to blame... actually, Cas tells me he’s all in favour of mentally torturing his pseudo-grandfather, so hey...”
“I can see them. Can I interest you in a brief description? No? Too bad... Did you know your son likes giving his husband complete control? Well, you do now! He’s on his knees, head on the bed, hands tied together with one of Cas’ blue ties, another one of those ties tied around his neck... Cas is thrusting into him slowly, deeply... while holding onto that tie, controlling just how much oxygen Dean gets to take in... oh John... he’s gonna give your firstborn son every.INCH.of.his.love.”
Bobby looks at him with a smile, but he can’t smile back. Hell, he can’t breathe for a moment. His mom...AND dad? How is HE here?! That fucker deserves to rot in Hell for all eternity for all the shit he pulled! Why...?! Off course...Jack. He doesn’t know.
“It might be smiting sickness. We’re close to the blast site. What the angels did... It poisoned the entire area. I’ll know for sure if I take your temperature. So, are we going to have a problem?!”
John looks like he can’t breathe. He gasps for air and askes: “Dean... and Cas... they have a kid...together???”
He nods. There are noises. Clothes moving over skin, a zipper being opened... Then there are hands on his belt. She doesn’t bother taking all his clothes off, just pushes his pants and boxers down to his calves. She gets back up and reaches up to kiss him, while pushing the palm of her hand against his cock. He doesn’t know if it’s excitement or shock or just the complete surrender, but he’s getting hard. She smiles against his mouth and starts talking.
Deans arrival in Heaven is thoroughly celebrated at the “Harvelle’s” in the sky. It doesn’t look like the original one, but rather like a mix of all of Deans favourite bars. The booze is top shelve, the burgers to die for, there’s a mechanical bull, pool tables... hell, there’s even a karaoke machine!
After his last ‘stunt’ John decided to keep to himself. Sure, eternity was turning out to be a bit boring, but anything was better than once again witnessing Castiel riding Dean like he was going for a mechanic-bull-record. Seriously, THIS was Heaven?! Shame Hell was ruled by Rowena or he’d be begging Jack to be sent there...
John feels righteous. He’s walking up to Dean's house and he plans to guide his son back unto the right path. No more angels, no more being gay... he’ll get his loyal, obedient, skirt-chasing son back! Just you wait!
He’s portrayed from the back, looking down and over his left shoulder. He’s wearing a white Stetson and jeans. There’s a whip in his left hand, stretching over his back, held up by his right hand. He’s all tanned skin and firm muscle... but the one thing that stands out most, the one thing Dean’s eyes are absolutely fixed on, is the tattoo.
As he lets his eyes roam, he suddenly notices something under the front seat... something pink? He reaches over and... oh hello! Panties! Very sexy, frilly, satiny, crotchless panties... in hot pink. Why would there be women's panties in here? Suddenly, realisation starts to sink in... Well, well, well, seems like Deans’ been using his own Winchester-charm on someone else than that so-called angel. A grin appears on Johns face. He knew it! He knew his boy was just being temporarily mislead. He knew he’d see the light one day...
He doesn’t even think about fighting back, just does what he’s told like a good little soldier. But he’s not good... a good hunter would not have... SHE wouldn’t have...
Both his hands are running up and down his thighs and Dean just can’t... he bites his lip and nods. It’s all the encouragement Cas needs. Before he knows it, his pants are undone and pulled down under his ass, cock fully exposed and completely at the other man’s mercy. Cas puts a hand around him and gives him a final way out:
Dean is completely blown away. A party... for him? It takes a moment for reality to sink in. He'd be 42... if he still had a birthday that is. With the whole Heaven-Earth time difference, who knows, he might be 273 by now. Doesn’t matter really... What DOES matter is that his family thought he deserved to finally have a real birthday party. And he’s going to enjoy every minute of it!
An uncomfortable silence fills the room. This sure didn’t go where Cas though it would. He has great respect for Lisa, though... Walking away from Dean is incredibly hard and he’s only known him for a week! It's just so... weird. He never believed in the whole ‘love at first sight’ thing. Love has to grow, needs foundations, needs time... and yet, here he is. Living the ‘coup de foudre’ fairy tale. Or rather, his own Lifetime Movie Drama.
Aaaand they’re on the floor... Seems like some things CAN break in Heaven. They look each other in the eye and start giggling like madmen.
Before long he sees a field appear, filled with flowers and light and life... and Cas. He’s just standing there, watching his precious bees. It always makes him melt a little, such a powerful being, so entranced with the smallest of creatures.
But Cas isn’t in the mood for games. He starts unbuckling Dean’s belt, makes quick work of his zipper next and before Dean can even think of something to say he‘s half naked and being pressed backwards onto the table.
Dean decides to lighten the mood: “Well Cas, gotta say, never pictured you as a centerfold-hottie... sure as hell works though!”
That does it. Dean comes. Hard. All over the bed. The sounds he makes would make his face burn, if it wasn’t doing that already. He collapses...utterly and completely spent.
There's a Scoville-scale-pepper-eating-contest and John is feeling very competitive. But will he beat Cas???
It starts of small. John has been quiet about their relationship for some time now. Dean naively thought that maybe he’d seen the light. Maybe he’d let it go, let them... be. Right. Not happening apparently. John’s absence was obviously meant as a short interlude, a time in which he has learned to reign in his anger and resort to more cunning ways.
Dean keeps on ranting into his brother’s ear. He tells him everything. Many not so manly tears are shed this time.
“NO, I’m taking a stand here! I AM going to beat him at this! I’m a marine ffs, I’d eat dirt -worms and all- and rate it 5 stars while I’m at it!”
“I don’t know man, lots of things going on... haven’t really had the time or desire to...ya know...”
“Good morning sweetie”, she says with a tender smile, “noticed you were having a VERY good dream and I couldn’t just let that go to waste, now could I?”
Sam arrives early one morning. He finds himself outside a perfect replica of the house he and Eileen spent the rest of their –very happy- life in. She died only a year before him, quietly, in her sleep... and he hasn’t felt truly alive ever since. So now, standing outside his house, seeing the love of his life sitting on the porch smiling at him... yes, this IS Heaven.
Oh, yeah... this is off to a great start! As soon as Dean walked through the door, Father Castiel has his hands on him. A handshake here, a touch of the shoulder there, brushing hands when taking his coat... This is going to be pure torture.
He grabs him by the back of his neck en pulls him into a bruising kiss. After he’s done abusing Deans mouth, he turns to his opponent and says: “I forfeit, John. Congratulations, you’ve won!”
Are they fucking kidding him?! Is this guy for real?! He turns to Mary and sees her biting her lip, trying not to explode with laughter. What?!
The sermon is... different. To say the least. Where Father Zachariah had been boring, giving no personal input (save for his interpretation of sin), Father Castiel speaks with passion and conviction. He refers to the more loving parts of the Bible, talks about forgiveness and acceptance...for the first time in his life, Dean actually listens, to enraptured by the charisma of this man to even look away. And he’s not the only one... The whole congregation seems hypnotised by him, hanging on his every word. Now this is something to look forward to on a Sunday morning!
Right at that moment, Jack arrives. They briefed him beforehand, so when he throws himself into a hug with Sam, he exclaims: “Uncle Sam! I’m so glad to see you!”
He doesn’t get to finish his sentence. Cas charges at him and kisses him like a man starved. It takes a second for the shock to wear of, but then Dean is reciprocating with vigour.  They kiss and touch and grind... That poor tree doesn’t know what hit him! Afterwards, they lay among the flowers. Dean, utterly ravished and feeling boneless, turns to his lover and then...finally...
“Please don’t ask me again to leave with you... Because I will. You are... unexpected. The first time we met I had such a visceral reaction to you. And when we shook hands, our first touch... I was lost. I tried to push it all down, to pretend it was just lust. Then I had the therapy session with Lisa and the way she talks about you... you could make an angel feel ashamed. And yesterday, I swear I wasn’t planning on doing THAT. Sure, I wanted to confront you about your sexuality, I mean, I could practically smell the gay on you... But I got carried away. Again today... After everything you told me, your excitement about your newfound future, even if it meant throwing away everything you’ve worked for... it’s inspiring, Dean.”
They both take a deep breath. Cas can see Dean kneeling on the other side of the screen, hands buried in his hair. He leans his head back against the wood of the confessional and asks:
“Oh, he won’t be happy, no. And we won’t hide. In fact, I plan on showing you off quite a bit. Let’s show him just how much in love -and lust- we are. Let’s make this his personal Hell...”
Driving Baby feels like it always has and he’s happy to have her here. She’s been his home for so long, it only makes sense she’d be part of his eternal happiness. Now, to complete that happiness...
Dean locks the door, carefully unboxes the item, removes the foil and releases a shuddering breath... Before him lays the 2015 Special Edition of “Ride ‘em Hard”. A cowboy calendar, known for its artistic nudes. This specific edition is called “Angels ride among us”, a calendar filled with pictures of cowboys portraying angels. Best of both worlds if you ask him...
Only... within the hour, he finds himself in front of the church. Fuck this shit, he needs to see Cas. Right now.
“Let’s just invite him to our barbeque. The only way forward is through, right? I don’t wanna keep harassing him if he’s trying to play nice. That wouldn’t make us any better than him.”
Dean is sporting a deer-in-headlights-look and silently does as he’s told. As he’s leaving, he sees Cas is about to make a remark and shakes his head at him. God, how is he going to handle this? He promised he’d be nice to John and the guy has been more than friendly all day... Is he reading too much into this? Is he being oversensitive?
Bobby rolls his eyes, “Drinking sub-par beer and throwing him some cash to go and have a good time in a whorehouse don’t count, ya idjit! Poor boy’s always lookin’ out fer others and he’s never even had a homemade birthday cake, let alone a party... So, dead or not, we’re celebratin’, damnit! Now are you gonna act like a real father, put your bigotry aside and show up?”
That is when I lost my faith... My faith in my oh-so -righteous father, my faith in my ‘loving’ mother, my faith in family, my faith in religion...
And then Sam started talking about consent. Asking Cas if he’s ok. Concerned about his wellbeing instead of Deans... And it suddenly dawned on him.
He can’t... his mouth opens, but the words won’t come. He looks around the church and an idea sparks in his mind.
The fear is overwhelming. He feels like he can’t breathe, can’t think, can’t do anything but piss his pants.
After the Trinidad Scorpion John needs 2 glasses of milk before he can even speak again. Cas’ glass has remained untouched from the beginning.
Again with the eyes... How does anyone ever say no to this guy?! He agrees and leaves them to do their thing.
He watches Deans eyes go wide. His breathing is accelerating, heartrate going up... a nice, red flush is spreading all over his body. He stays silent though.
You see, Dean, they’ll never out me. That would look bad. To the outside world I'm just an ascetic priest, quietly doing his sacred duty... So, yeah, they might “punish” me and send me to a little parish in Buttfuck Illinois, but jokes on them. Sure, there’s no LGBT-community to speak of here, but people like us are everywhere. And I’ll drag them out of the safety of their closet, out of the Hell of their own making if it kills me. I’ll change the homophobic parishes bit by bit, until the church HAS to acknowledge us. Until it can’t hide behind their ancient, redundant lore anymore... Now tell me, how will I do that if I leave the church? How can I change the constitution from within, if I am no longer a part of it? How can I save people, when I’m no one?”
“Sorry man, got a bit violent because of how the case worked out and then Cas came in and...well... we got carried away I guess.”
“Huh, if I doubted you not being my Dean, now I’d be sure...” Cas closes his eyes and grins like he’s reliving a fond memory.
Dean feels like he can’t breathe... he wants to tell Cas how he’s the one that changed HIM, the one that made him discover and accept his true self, the one that means everything to him...but he can only form one little word.
“Did SHE make you come? Or was it the mere thought of me? The thought of my mouth around your cock? The thought of my hands all over you? Dare I say... the thought of me filling you up?”
“Noooo, no bloody, messy torture for you sir! Doesn't mean you won’t suffer though. Personally, I’ve always found mental torture to be far more satisfying. And far more elegant. The scars of the soul do more lasting harm than the scars of the body after all...”
“First of all, call me Cas. ‘Father Castiel’ makes me feel ancient. And second... before we even start touching on your relationship with Lisa... I’d like you to tell me the truth about who you really are.”
What just happened? What the fuck just happened?! John looks around and sees everyone smiling and applauding... There’s a sudden flurry of movement and its very clear that they were all in on it. Before Cas and Dean have even stopped hugging and –eeewww- kissing, the whole setting has been changed into a wedding theme. Flower arch and all.
Dean has been playing pool for most of the evening and when he returns to their table, they’re short a chair. Cas gives him a wink and leans back. Dean takes the invitation and sits down on his lover's lap. They just sit there, conversation and booze both flowing royally... John just watching them. Cas tries not to let it mess with him, but it’s quite unnerving. His constant gaze, his weird smile... And then he suddenly gets up, takes his chair, places it next to them and says:
A soft, wet kiss is placed on the head of his cock. Dean lets out a whine, desperate for more... but Cas keeps teasing him. Keeps kissing his dick as if he were French kissing his mouth, lips puckered, tongue sweeping all over...making him impossibly harder.
Without warning, Cas pulls out. Dean is about to complain, but then he takes both their erections in one hand and starts stroking them. The sight alone is enough to give Dean that final push and he comes with a long, loud moan followed by a broken sob. A few seconds later he feels another gush of liquid land on his chest. He looks up and is met with the most gorgeous sight. Cas has still got his hips in a crushing grip, head thrown back, mouth open in a silent cry, suspended in a moment of timelessness...
“Oh, she had plans with your mother. And Benny. I've long since learned not to ask... Why, ain’t I enough for you, sweetheart?”
“It chafes, doesn’t it, the lace against your sensitive skin... It’s why you love it. The pleasure/pain of it... Kinky little bastard...”
“Yeah, ok Crowley... need another euphemism with those nicknames? I see your time in the Empty hasn’t changed you.”
“Oh, I understand all right... and I have to say, can’t blame ya. I bet Castiel has some very... agreeable... features” The face he makes as he says that denies every word, it’s like he’s trying not to vomit... “But come on... No man can possibly live up to a womans warm, wet,…"
“I can’ just turn it off, Cas. The anger... it’s festering beneath my skin and I just...I need... I don’t know. Distraction? Something good to focus on? I don’t know man...”
Cas... *sigh* Dean knew that man would be trouble. From the way he looks, to his voice, his insight, his dominance... It’s like he struck a match and lit a fire in him. And tonight... tonight was like... like the lights finally being turned on, like he could finally see... everything. All of himself laid bare.
No such luck. Seems like the gang’s all here and what’d you know? Mary’s on Bobby’s lap. Cheating sleaze, fuck her!
“You know what, Bobby? Count me in. He’s my firstborn son after all... deserves all he’s given, I guess.”
“I’m Jasmin. The first angel Jack created. The angel of truth and justice, heavenly protector of fandom and destiehellers. And I have an offer for you, John Winchester”
Jasmin is still standing in front of him. Rope in one hand, a knife in the other... a devious smile on her face.
Ok, no, not those 3 words... Dean is pushed back and is suddenly met with a very angry angel of the lord. Oh man, he forgot how scary Cas could be when he gets into this whole smite-mood...
All of the sudden, Cas stands up. Dean thinks he’s about to go over to them and end whatever is going on, but he just loudly clears his throat, drawing everyone's attention.
“As you know, I’ll be retiring next Friday. I hate to leave without seeing your situation unsolved though... You are already making such progress and it would pain me so to see it go awry without my professional help...”
Warning: bit of the not-good-things from Dean's past at first... ends on a VERY different note! (sorry Taylor!)
Cas gets back on the bed and starts preparing everything for the main event. A pillow is placed under Deans lower back, lube generously spread over his hole (“Shit, Cas! Cold!!”), fingers exploring... and then...
Cas squeezes him tight for a moment and the room erupts in cheers. He then lifts Deans head up, takes his face in both hands, looks straight into his eyes and continues:
The next morning, John finds a card taped to his front door. There’s an emoji on the front, sticking out it’s tongue. On the inside it says:
Not trusting his voice to be steady, he simply starts rolling his hips. Little thrusts upward that make Cas’ breath hitch.
“Not a talker then... Pity. I do love a bit of flirty banter, makes me feel all young and pretty...”
“Could you all just NOT talk about fucking my son?! What the hell, boy, I didn’t raise you to be a pillow biter! What the hell is wrong with you?! Don’t you know...”
“Let them get another priest? Are we all the same to you, Dean? Just slaves, fresh from the mold? A thousand more just standing by? You have no idea who I am and what I’ve been through!”
And there you have it. My life. You want to tell me I’m wrong to live the way I do? You want to rapport me? Go ahead. The church is nothing but a means to an end to me.
He takes a few minutes to berate himself and suddenly a perfect opportunity presents itself: a text from Cas himself, asking him how he’s doing and if he needs taking care of.
He can hear the smile in his brothers’ voice. He sounds so light...happy even. God knows he’s deserved some happiness.
“Oh, don’t look at me like that... no need to fret, the king of Hell never kisses and tells. Not even about cute, freckled demonboys...” He takes a step closer to Dean, looks him right in the eyes and askes: “Has Clarence gone exploring yet?” He lowers his eyes, fixates on Deans groin. “Followed the trail of freckles...all the way...down?” His eyes flick back up, brown meeting green.
The slap on the shoulder almost makes Sam recoil. His ‘dad’ is even more vile than he remembers. Good thing he talked to Cas first. Man, the two of them working together is gonna make John lose his shit!
John always considered himself the dominant party when it came to sex. Mary usually complied... and if not, he made her. Man of the house here! What he says goes, damnit! But then she left... and now here he is: fucked six ways to Sunday by a tiny woman with the strength of 10 men. He doesn’t know if he should be humiliated or impressed...
Afterward, the new priest mingles among the churchgoers, all smiles and thank-you's, looking demure... But Dean sees it for the lie it is. He can see glimpses of disgust, hidden behind that polite mask. *who is this man?!*
“Hah, yeah... dating an angel... kinda hard to wrap your head around that one at first. But you know, you should be proud of him too. He’s the one who had a kid first, you know. And Jack, well... he’s great. Strong, resilient, selfless... a bit naïve, but a very sweet kid. He'll be stopping by later. You'll love him. Looks just like his dad!”
“Well son, you built quite a life for yourself! Gotta say, I’m proud of you. A well-respected member of society, good job, big house, beautiful wife, a son to pass on the family name... You’ve got it all! And yeah, would have been nice to have a daughter-in-law I could actually talk to, but in the end, the best wife is a quiet wife amiright?! At least she’s a woman! I have no idea what your brother is thinking...”
Dean’s sitting behind the wheel of his car. Utterly dumbstruck. He feels like he’s on the verge of something big, like this is the eye of the storm and the rains are about to come crashing down on him. The numbness is scary. He has no idea what’s to come... Will he break down? Will he cry? Will he suck it all up, lock up and forget about everything that just happened?
If this was supposed to drive Dean away, that plan failed miserably. It only makes him fall harder for the man. And when he tells him he wants to be involved in all of this, the look in Cas’ eyes tells him this thing between them is far from over.
The first tear starts to fall. And the second. He’s smiling. Smiling through his tears. Soon he’s sobbing and laughing out loud like a madman.
“Oh, hell NO! No, no, no, that’s not what I mean! “ He chuckles, reaches into his pocket and throws something pink his way, “I was talking about your little side-piece...She hot? I bet she’s hot. Anyone wearing THAT just has to be! So spill!”
Unbidden memories come to mind. He can still feel the hard bathroom floor underneath his knees, can still feel the tears running down his face.
“Really Mary?! Dean’s over there... canoodling... with that... that ABOMINATION and you’re fucking fawning over them! It’s a sin! It's everything I thought him not to be! I think I’m entitled to be angry!”
“I’m sorry, Dean. Sorry I couldn’t say it sooner and in life. Sorry I couldn’t give you everything... until now. I know it may seem redundant, but... Dean Michael Winchester, would you do me the honour of becoming my husband. Today. Right now, in fact.”
“Dirt, huh? Well, whoop-te-doo! I’ve seen this guy eat my ass, fuck me silly and then suck out his come like I was a fucking Slurpee!!! GIVE! UP!”
“I’m coming with you. Show me what matters most to you, more than love. I’ll show you I can help, even if it’s in the shadows.”
This position makes Cas’ cock slam right into Dean’s prostate again and again... He’s lost all coherent thought by now... Words spill from his mouth, but he doesn’t know what he’s saying. He’s almost there... nearly there...
Mind made up, he starts the car and drives home. He’s got exactly 15 minutes to figure out how to tell the woman who loves him, why he can never love her back.
He finds Cas sitting on his bed, reading. Dean sits down next to him and shows him the calendar. Cas’ face pales.
Oh-ho-how... playing hard to get, insulting him... No matter how much he likes his women sweet and docile, a bit of bite now and again sure doesn’t hurt.
He gets out of the car and makes his way over. Cas turns to him, his smile so radiant it’s like staring into the sun. Dean starts running and scoops him up in a fierce hug. They don’t need words. Except... THE words. Dean still needs to say them back. Those 3 words. Here goes nothing...
And the company...well... every dead person he’s ever had the pleasure of calling family is right there. He’d call it perfection... almost.
He pushes in another finger and starts moving them, opening Dean up, preparing him for something... bigger.
“No... no, dad, me and Eileen are great. Cas and Dean though... They’ve been going through some stuff. Deans been questioning his sexuality again, there have been some issues about who’s the girl, Deans tired of all the kinky stuff... and Cas just...*sigh* He left. Said it had to be all in or all out and he just... left. Deans a mess, been locked up in his house drinking ever since.”
“You’re not at peace here, are you John? All of this... it goes against the very fibre of you’re being. So, I would like to make you an offer. I can take you away from here. To a place far from Heaven, Hell and Earth. Beyond the reach of Jack himself. It will be a solitary exitance –save for my company- but there you will finally get what you deserve. Choose now.”
Cas tears his eyes away from Johns to look into Dean. Yup he’s definitely intrigued...and curious... and mischievous... *Oh lord, here we go again!*
“Your brother is under the impression that you forced me into sexual acts.”, he says and lets out a little laugh as he tightens his hold on Deans arms, “It’s almost cute how you both see me as an innocent, little storybook-angel.”
Cas recoils so quickly, Dean nearly tumbles of the table. He pulls his trench coat tightly around him, but not before Dean notices the wet spot. *OMG, he totally DID!*
Dean means to give a snappy retort, but what comes out of his mouth is a strangled moan. When he opens his eyes, he sees an intense gaze fixed on him. Cas’ mouth hangs open a bit and there’s an innocence written all over his face that doesn’t belong to someone doing such filthy things to his best friend in the name of science...
All that changed when puberty hit. All my friends started noticing girls, talking in secret about certain body parts, touching themselves under the covers in the dead of night... It left me unfazed. Such things held no interest to me. Sure, my body would have its physical reactions, but I just ignored it. The other boys, they were cruel. I became the laughing stock. ’Father Junkless’ they’d call me. So far for being popular...
Dean can see tears in his eyes. God, how did he manage to destroy Cas like this? He whipes a hand over his face. What can he possibly say to that?
He swings by Deans house to borrow the Impala and starts preparing a romantic picnic under the stars (aka beer and burgers on the hood of the car). Hah! Minimal effort, maximum results... he’s certain of it. Wo needs all that froufrou wining&dining-shit anyway...
Dean is sitting down on it and Cas is straddling him, riding him slowly, while holding on to the back of the chair. They’ve never done this. Dean is the epitome of a “fun bottom” and has never even asked to switch. A choice Cas is currently regretting, because this... THIS is true Heaven!
Before Dean can say or do anything, he’s being stripped of every piece of clothing, save the panties. A bottle of lube's being thrown on the bed. Cas then swiftly removes his own clothes, a determent urgency to his actions. Next thing he knows, his cock is being fondled through the lace, Cas’ nose pushed against his balls, tongue licking this shaft from root to tip.
Dean looks him in the eyes and gives him a sad smile. He presses his lips against Cas’... softly... then turns and walks out the door.
Cas is scared now. Why did this have to happen now? Why did he have to become THAT involved? This could ruin everything...
Dean has never felt this nauseous in his entire life. He starts gagging and hurries to get out of the car. Just in time... His vision is blurring, so he sits down and leans against the Impala. Okay, it’s fine...he’s fine...
“Ok... look, Dean, if you’re uncomfortable, I could find you two another advisor on marital problems, but maybe you could look at this from the other side? You’ve said it. You’re out. You can choose to be honest with yourself and the people around you, to be brave and be who you were meant to be, to love. Really love. Whoever you choose. The constant hiding is what...”
Dean’s only response is to uncross his arms and grip the arms of his chair. Cas’ gaze is unwavering as he kneels between his legs and asks: “May I?”
And then Dean just HAS to open his big mouth: “Actually Lis, I was just asking Castiel if we could have an emergency session this morning. Yesterday... I don’t know, I feel we could use an outsider’s perspective right now.”
Last order of the day is a group meeting. Like AA but for the LGBTQ-community. Dean is surprised to see some familiar people, shocked at some of their stories. He wasn’t planning on sharing his own experiences, but ends up talking about his father anyway. Being in a safe space sure seems to take away his boundaries...
Sam then says his final words: “Ladies and gentlemen, may I introduce you, for the first time, to Cas and Dean Winchester... FINALLY!!!!
He almost started crying when his eyes met Deans earlier in his sermon. He is strengthened by his faith though. Not his faith in God... that seems to diminish each day, but the faith he has in his own ability to change lives... THAT is unwavering. He finishes the service and goes through the motions of greeting his parishioners. Amongst whom...Lisa and Dean off course.
Cas!!! He’s here! For a moment, Dean is overcome with joy. His eyes fill up with tears and he flings himself out of the chair.
“You seriously couldn’t survive ONE week?! I let the Empty take me so you’d live, you assbut, you should have shown me some respect!”
Cas smiles without opening his eyes and says: “Very astute observation, dearest. And your point is?”
Dean gasps and slaps his hands over his mouth, eyes going impossibly wide. He just... he really just thought that, didn’t he? Gay. He’s gay. He’s a gay man who just had his first gay encounter and damnit, he’s already gagging for more.
Lisa is suddenly pulled away and then it’s just them. He has been expecting Dean to be hostile, to be angry or just plain uncomfortable. He never expected him to say:
“Wow, John! Look at you, pushing the boundaries of your sexuality! Good job! Maybe we’ll pull you over to the dark side after all... Have to say... I love a nice bum myself.”
Surprisingly enough he doesn’t feel ashamed. Not for this. Not for finally being who he really is! For cheating on his wife though... Shit, that’s a whole other story. THAT will weigh on his mind forever, he reckons. There’s no explaining it, no justifying it... He wronged her and she deserves better. Lisa’s too good for him, he’s always thought so. She just accepts al his weird quirks, helps him through his bad days, tries so very hard to make it work out between them... she’s never even gotten mad when he, once again, can’t perform sexually. All that goodness, all that understanding and he just... he feels like he slapped her in the face.
Dean wipes it of the table, says his dad was trying to play nice with Cas, he’s just not that politically correct.
I absolutely LOVED writing this fic and I'm so gratefull for all the kudos and comments! I love you 3000!!!!
“How about losing Cas AGAIN. He sacrificed himself for Dean. Gave him a beautiful speech, told him he loved him and got taken by the Empty.”
Something hits his forehead out of nothing and stops him in his tracks. He looks up and sees Kaia glaring at him. Claire’s shaking with laughter next to her.
“I’m not one for beating around the bush, Dean.” He leans back into the chair, legs falling open, starting to undo the top button of his shirt, “Mind if I take of the collar? Been a long day and that thing chafes like you wouldn’t believe... Ah, much better. As I was saying, no mincing words here. Lisa told me your backstory, the one-night-stand, the unplanned pregnancy, the struggles when it comes to sex... It painted a pretty clear picture to me. So, tell me Dean, how is living in denial about your sexuality working out for you?”
He gets up and closes in on her. When they’re mere inches apart he grabs her jaw in his hand and gives her his filthiest grin.
He's been researching about this stuff and he’s read all about prostate and how it’s supposed to be the male G-spot, but damn... he did not expect THAT.
“They’re working their way up the Scoville Scale. Peppers, ya know? My moneys on Cas to get to the Carolina Reaper. The guy’s good... Downs tequila like it’s water.”
“More? Losing every friend he ever made, because you were constantly on the move. He gave up trying after a while. Taking care of Sammy became his sole focus. It was the one constant he had in his life.”
He has no idea what she’s meant to be the protector of... destie-what? So, Jack’s making more of these freaks... that’s nice.
Cas’ grip on his hand tightens and his other hand makes his way up his leg, toward his groin. He nuzzles Deans neck for a moment and then moves up to whisper in his ear:
Cas gives him a confused look, but follows anyway. They take their respective seats and –hidden from Cas’ all-seeing eyes- Dean finds his voice:
“Wel Mary,” Cas starts, “we came over for a visit, but I think we’ll need your spare bedroom as well.”
When Dean’s done, he jumps of the stage, collects Cas in his arms an kisses him like there’s no tomorrow. When their mouths finally detach, he looks John right in the eyes and tells his lover: “Oh, I’ll make you scream alright...”
Cas retracts his finger slightly and pushes back in with two fingers this time. With deadly fucking accuracy. Oh yeah, that’ll do the trick... Deans rock hard and itching to touch himself, but he doesn’t dare doing THAT. No... no... that would give the game away. He grips his sheets so tight it hurts.
The sound is overwhelming. It’s like a culmination of years and years of waiting and hoping and longing... people breaking out in tears, kissing their own significant other, basking in a delirium of happiness.
Dean has never stripped faster in his life! He no longer cares about decency, let’s go full frontal... fuck this shit! Cas starts circling him, looking extremely concentrated and not at all affected by Deans nakedness.
Castiel is surreptitiously watching him as well. He seems... amused. Like he knows all Deans secrets. All his dirty little lies, his unspoken desires. This is going to be a disaster, isn’t it?
They move together in a dance as old as time. Slow and careful at first, but soon they’re lost to lust, slaves to the pleasure they find within each other. Cas gets up on his knees, lifting Deans hips higher, his forceful movements making the bed squeak.
He turns away from him and lets the tears flow anyway. His voice is now coloured with emotion, but he still keeps talking:
Charlie takes his hand and just about drags him over to where Jo and Ash are sitting, but not before Cas slide his hand through his hair, down his neck, shoulders, back... and give him a slap on the ass as a parting gift. Deans eyes nearly fall out of his head (and so do Johns), but Cas just grins cheekily and winks at him.
Oh, and special thanks to taylortheclown for letting me borrow "angel Jasmin" Hope she's everything you wanted her to be :)
John tries to keep calm, tries to hold on to his anger, but... there is something creeping up on him... invading his mind... He suddenly feels paralysed, his breathing is shallow, his heartrate elevated. It... it’s...
“I know, sweetheart... just let it out... Look, Dean, these are clearly not accidents anymore, I have to react. And I’ve got just the thing...”
She giggles... “Wiped you out good, huh? I’ll give you 5 more minutes... Maybe you can spend them coming up with something to repay me with tonight?!”
“Father, that was a truly beautiful sermon! Brought a tear to my eye... it really put some things in perspective for me. Thank you for that.”
From that day on, they are a force to be reconned with. No one dares utter a threat to either one of them, for fear of what the other might do. No one dares to go near Deans laptop, for fear of seeing whatever newfound kink Cas has been googling. No one questions the jumbo pack of sanitizer wipes on the backseat of the Impala. No one laughs when Sam gets several sets of ear plugs for Christmas. And no one has dry eyes when they watch Dean whisper “I love you, angel” into Cas’ ear, kisses the side of his head and holds him close as they watch the fireworks on New Year's Eve...
Cas sniffs, “No, it won’t be. Tomorrow’s a suicide mission. We can’t kill Lucifer and even if we did, it’s no use... he’s already won. We might as well perish...”
*Oh man, just shoot me now...* Dean clears his throat, opens his eyes and makes the mistake of looking down. Cas is down on one knee, looking at his junk. Intensely.
“Sometimes we have to do weird shit when we’re in a tight spot. Back when Sammy was in his early teens, he ate like a horse and dad’s funds only got us so far. And some nights I’d lose at pool... so... I...”
“So, tell me Dean”, he says as he tilts his head and squints his eyes, “if we are to do this right...do I have your consent?”
It’s not a hard choice at all. Anything is better than this! God, he could deal with the constant innuendo’s, could look away from all the touches, but all this lovey-dovey-crap?! Oh, hell no!!!
Except... the discomfort of a dry finger up his ass combined with the momentary distraction apparently caused his erection to go down. He lets himself fall back down on his pillow and lets out a sigh.
The bible became my guidebook to life. I’d never been a rulebreaker or a rebel... I followed the rules that were put in front of me and asked no questions. A good little soldier in their vast army. A nightingale, the crowning glory of their choir. The envy of all the other boys. The popular one.
He stops in front of him, just a liiiiiitle bit to close... and places his right hand on Deans left shoulder. A warm feeling travels through his body. Like Cas is hugging him right through his skin and bones. He feels relaxed and starts leaning into the touch.
Ah man, Cas sounds so worried. That wasn’t what he was going for. Ok Dean... brave face... act the shit out of this!
That one little word is all the incentive Cas needs. He quickly puts some lube on Dean and sinks down on him with a sigh.
“I thought I told you when we met, angels are soldiers. I was the commander of my own garrison of angels. Used to be obeyed, used to be feared...admired...wanted.”
But he does mean offence, he’s laughing at Cas. Not that he minds...Charlie is about to put Dean up to something that will make John’s head just about explode. So, he stays quiet and waits for his lover to get some more alcohol in him...
“Dean and I do share a profound bond. He has made me feel so many things...so many human feelings and sensations I thought angels were unable to feel. I did indeed leave my mark on him when I raised him from perdition. Perhaps that is what started it all... All I know is that, to me, he is the most important, the most wanted, the most loved.”
He can’t take it, he pushes himself up, wraps his arms and legs around Cas and buries his face in the crook of his neck.
The moment Dean gets the text, his heartrate speeds up. His package was just delivered at the post office. Finally! He throws on his jacket, grabs his keys and with a “Going out, be back in an hour!” he’s out the door. He had seen the questions written all over Sam's face, but there would be no explanation. Noooo... this is something he won’t share with anyone.
Dean can’t answer. He’s to lost in the sensations. He sees Cas put his hand behind himself, working himself open. His other hand pulls the lace panty down, exposing Deans junk, the frilly elastic placed underneath his balls.
“Dean. Love of my life. My righteous man. You are the most loving, most giving person I have ever met... and I’m ancient, so that’ saying something. You always put everyone else's needs before your own, never asking anything in return. And yet, you’re hardly ever shown the same courtesy. Today is not just about you finally getting a real birthday party, it’s about honouring you. It's about us showing you how important you are. We may be one big family up here, but it’s you that brought us together. You are the glue, Dean. Overlooked, often forgotten... but absolutely indispensable.”
“Oh god no! No, it’s a bit more complicated than that. Cas... when he first came down to earth, he needed a vessel. My father was a very devout man and offered up his body to Castiel. Things happened... Cas was killed a few times... which led to my dad dying too. He and my mom are in Heaven together and they’re happy, so I’ve made my peace with that long ago. Cas felt bad for me though. He and Dean tried to help me in any way possible, tried to keep me from becoming a hunter even. Kept doing it anyway... So, they started mentoring me. Became my pseudo-dads!”
Dean flinches as he says those last words. No, nope, he won’t want to do that, will he? God, he’s such an idiot...
“I was ready to leave. I would tell her, she’d be mad and I’d leave. But then... she said she understood. About me being... bi. Accepted it even. She blindfolded me, Cas... did all sorts of things to me while telling me to think about... a man. And it worked.”
He doesn’t have to wait long. People have been using the karaoke machine all night and when Dean stumbles on stage he’s met with a chorus of cheers and catcalls.
“You want this, Dean?” Cas grinds hard, teasing him with what’s to come. “You want my cock filling you up?” Cas asks, roughly pulling down Dean’s pants and boxers in one move, shoving his shirt up until it rests right beneath his armpits- his waistcoat no doubt wrinkled by the movement, and wrapping a hand around Dean’s dick, pumping slowly.
In his mind he saw Cas taking Dean’s cock in his mouth, his face bobbing up and down, while his hands prepped him for his dick. Dean pushed another finger in as he imagined Cas prepping him while his mouth never left Dean’s cock. Dean crooked his fingers once more to tease his prostate as he imagined Cas sinking into him and thrusting into Dean’s hole without giving him much time to adjust.
Charlie looked at him with a shocked expression and said, “Wait what? Tell me everything, this time SLOWLY. You did WHAT!”
Just yesterday, for instance, Dean was in the shower when he realized he had forgotten his clothes in his room. Assuming that Cas had already left for his date (who went for so many dates, anyway? Cas and Balthazar, apparently), Dean, instead of wrapping his towel around his waist, used it to dry his hair and went to his room to get his clothes.
The rest of the morning goes by too slow and too fast at the same time. Ben is too excited to go down for his afternoon nap, which puts Dean behind schedule as he decorates his place. Halfway into the decorating, Charlie comes over, and they work together, hanging up wreaths and lights, all the while Charlie teases him about being smitten by Cas.
Soon, under Cas’ (sometimes ignores) instructions, Dean was three fingers into prepping him and was getting impatient. His own cock was purple with arousal and he couldn’t wait to sink into that heat. Cas was moaning continuously by now and begging for more.
“You can touch.” He said in an even deeper voice than before, which sounded well and truly fucked out. Cas’ dick gave a twitch at the sound of Dean’s voice and a drop of pre-come formed at the head. Dean grabbed the bane of Cas’ cock and licked the vein at the underside of it – the warmth of his tongue surrounding the cool metal of his piercing – and dipped the stud of it into the slit.
The rest of the morning was spent looking after his patients and talking to worried parents, like always. Even though his job was pretty repetitive and monotonous, he loved it and wouldn’t change his line of work for anything. Not even a life long supply of free pie. Around lunch time, Charlie came into his office with a sandwich for him and they chatted a bit about their recent crushes before both of them had to get back to work, Saving Kids, Curing Cancer. The Family Business, as Charlie dubbed it.
On the days that Cas was feeling really upset, Dean would go out of his way to make his friend smile. Not only because he loved the way Cas’ face lit up when he laughed at a particularly raunchy joke that he made, nor because he loved to see the crinkles around Cas’ eyes when he smiles, but because Cas was a good person and he deserved to be happy. Sure, he was in a shitty situation, but he deserved better than what life was giving him.
“How come the bills are so cheap? I don’t mean they should cost more but I did expect it to cost a lot more than this.”
“Why is it, that when you have to go to Kindergarten, you won’t wake up no matter how much I try, but today, you woke up before the alarm and have so much energy?” Dean asks as he prepares the batter to make some pancakes for the two of them to eat.
“Wait, girlfriend? You and Gilda made it official? Wow congratulations!” Dean said, hugging his best friend. Even though he was jealous of her because she was in a happy relationship, he was also genuinely happy for her.
Dean smiles at him gratefully before letting the man lead him to the little coffee shop in the mall. Suddenly, he realizes that he doesn't know the man's name.
Cas tried to tame his hair, but it seemed to have a mind of its own, going in all directions. Before he could decide what to do about his hair, someone knocked at his door. He went to open the door to find Balthazar standing in front of him, carrying a bottle of cheap vodka in his hands. Cas raised a questioning eyebrow in his direction to which Bal replied,
Seeing his expression, Cas laughed and stood up, helping Dean get down too. He looked at the clock and turned to Dean.
“Hey Cas?” Dean said softly. Why he was whispering, he had no idea- they were alone and no one was asleep. But the moment felt too precious to break by speaking out loud.
Dean groaned as he settled down between Cas’ legs, and his very hard dick finally got some friction. He jerked his hips against the covers, looking for some relief when Cas stopped him. “Oh no, that just won’t do Dean. Keep your ass up in the air, I’d like to admire that masterpiece as you eat me out.”
Dean cut him off and replied, “Of course, I want to go out with you, Cas. I’d love to go out with you tomorrow.”
Dean kisses Cas tenderly, morning breath be damned, and got into the shower with only his thoughts to accompany him.
Cas and Dean looked at each other and exchanged a small smile. It was so easy to get Sam to choke on air.
He cleaned up his house and began to get back some of his previous energy. He was nervous about meeting Cas, not knowing how he’d react to seeing him after such a long time, but at the same time he couldn’t wait to meet him.
Tears sprung to Dean’s eyes as he read the message – happy tears. Cas wanted to meet him, which meant Cas wasn’t going to completely cut him out of his life. Dean almost jumped in excitement and wiped his eyes as he replied.
Cas rolled his hips against Dean’s once more and stepped away. “Where are the condoms and lube?” he asked.
When their coffees came along with Dean’s pie, Dean didn’t even wait to get to the table before he began to dig into his pie. DAMN it was some good pie. How come he never came here before? He needed to come to this place more often. The pie reminded him of the pie that his mother used to make him before she died in a house fire.
Throughout the rest of the call, Dean was hyper aware of how close Cas’ face was to his and how he could feel Cas’ breath on his face when he spoke. Dean could see every shade of blue in Cas’ eyes and noticed every small detail about him. He saw the crinkles around Cas’ eyes when he laughed and the scrunch of his brow when he frowned. Most of all, he noticed how absolutely kissable Cas’ lips were and wanted nothing more than to cover the distance between them and kiss Cas. And it scared the life out of him knowing how much he wanted his best friend. Until now, nothing had scared Dean Winchester more than his feelings for his best friend did.
“I’m sorry, sweetheart” Dean whispered, unsure if Cas was awake enough to hear him but not wanting to wake the man up either.
“Not like this, Cas. You have to tell me what you want.” Dean said huskily, knowing that his boyfriend had a thing for dirty talk.
That wasn’t totally a lie. Dean did need to grab her notes and all from Charlie, but he also needed to calm his nerves from the sudden appearance of Cas, before he could actually talk to him.
When they entered The Roadhouse, Dean led Cas to the bar where Jo was tending the bar that day. Jo came over with a smirk on her face as she saw Cas sitting with Dean. Oh no. Dean knew that face meant no good. He should have told Cas to go some place else instead. Jo came over and smacked Dean on his arm with a towel.
That was more than what could be said to Castiel’s stepmother, who shunned him when he revealed his preference for men. Even though Castiel still lived in the house, he was treated like garbage and more often than not, he wondered if it was all worth it.
Charlie and Sam were just confused, Dean concluded as he tried to fall asleep, pushing aside all thoughts of Cas from his mind.
Just before he entered the kitchen, he heard Charlie and Sam talking in hushed tones and he caught his name, so he decided to listen in.
Ignoring the barista’s flirting, Cas and Dean gave their order while Gabe and Sam stood by them being totally useless like they always were.
Cas looked up at him and grinned, before tucking him back in and zipping up his pants, as if he didn’t just almost cause them to be in an accident. Damn, it would have been embarrassing to explain why he crashed into something. ‘Oh yes sorry officer, actually I had my dick down the throat of the guy I’ve been in love with for years.’ Yeah, no thanks.
After a while, after Charlie had helped herself to every food item in their fridge, Dean finally asked her what he and Cas had been wondering for a long time.
“Don’t move your hands, keep them right there.” He orders and in one fast motion, pushes himself in till the hilt, and starts to fuck Dean without giving him time to adjust. Dean feels his cheek rest against the cold wooden surface of the desk as he bites his bicep to muffle the sounds that are being fucked out of his mouth. One of Cas’ hands comes to rest on his hip, using that as leverage to fuck him harder, while the other pulls at his hair, sending waves of pleasure straight to his cock that is trapped between him and the table.
“I’m sorry, Cas.” He started, not sure where he was headed with this. Dean knew what he wanted to say but he had never been any good at putting words to his feelings. Whenever he tried to say what he felt, he just ended up making the situation worse. “What I did wasn’t fair to you, and it wasn’t fair of me to spring it on you out of nowhere. I – I meant what I said, but my timings could have been better. I’m not apologizing for my feelings, I’m apologizing for the way, and the time at which I confessed them. I’m – I’m sorry, Cas.”
He cleared his throat and replied, surprised at how steady his voice sounded – at least to his ears.
Finally, four days after the accident, Cas opened his eyes. He didn’t stay awake for long, nor did he react much, but the doctors said it was a good sign and that he was getting better.
Of course, Ben being excited also means that it takes Dean twice as long as usual to get him dressed, and by the time the two head out, there is a little blonde girl sitting on the couch, talking to Sam, while Charlie and Cas are nowhere to be seen.
“Dean. Slow down. You have to get us home in one piece, don’t start speeding. I’ll be very disappointed if you were stopped by the police for that. I’m enjoying myself down here and I wish to do that uninterrupted until we get home.”
Suddenly, a little girl bumping into his legs brought him back to the present, where he had zoned out in the middle of the toy store, staring at a collection of Hot-Wheels. Dean turns a full 360° before realizing that he has no idea what to buy his son besides a friggin Hot-Wheel. Dean starts to panic- what parent doesn’t know what to gift their kid?! His vision starts to turn black and he stumbles blindly out of the store. He knows he's hyperventilating when he feels a strong hand wrap around his forearm, pulling him. Dean follows the arm, and gets manhandled into sitting on a bench.
Cas didn’t listen to the rest of what Dean said. This could not be happening to him. For years, he had been hopelessly in love with Dean, and he could let it be when he thought Dean wasn’t into guys. But this was too much. Not only did his boyfriend cheat on him, his best friend also told him he was in love with him. Within a matter of a few minutes, Cas’ day had turned over so much that it gave him a whiplash. This was not happening to him. No way.
“Yeah yeah, Sammy you sly minx. You go do your thing, I’ll just spend the night here at Cas’. Enjoy your date, bitch.”
The next morning when Dean woke up, it was to an empty, cold bed, and an unread message on his phone.
After the end of the movie, Cas dropped off Dean at his place, where they ate some of Dean’s homemade burgers with a beer each.
God dammit. Dean could not wait for their date to be over so that they could get to the after-the-date stuff already.
He had eyes so blue that they could be oceans, a gaze so strong that it seemed like he could see into people’s souls. His jaw could be cutting through diamonds and the slight scruff he was sporting got Dean’s gears shifting. He was probably an inch or two shorter than Dean and looked to be around his mid 30s, just about the same age as Dean himself. His dark hair looked like he had been thoroughly fucked and it sent so many images to Dean’s brain.
Castiel stood on the edge of the party, not wanting to disturb anyone or catch anyone’s attention when someone bumped into him from behind, almost tripping him. He turned around and immediately, his breath caught in his throat. Looking at him was no other than Prince Dean himself. Castiel managed to not make a fool out of himself by moaning at the sight of his beauty as he stared into the deep green eyes of the prince. Standing this close to the prince, Castiel could see that not only were his eyes green, they were freckled with golden specks, just like the rest of the prince’s skin.
“Well, now that you’re up, go back to bed. I was going to bring you breakfast in bed, because it’s your birthday and whatnot.” Dean said with a grin.
When Cas had gone for a bathroom break, Gilda leaned forward and asked when he was planning to ask him out.
"In their defence, from what I've hears about you, they were enjoying seeing you get embarrassed. I mean you'd do the same in their situation, wouldn't you?" Charlie pointed out.
Dean rolls over in his bed with a groan, and turns to see the other half of the bed empty. A lazy smile forces its way onto his face.
CAS: I am doing better than I was a few months ago, and I am sorry too, for how I reacted. I miss you, Dean. I miss my best friend. I know it is too much to ask for, but I was hoping that we could meet sometime soon? I would really like to see you, and apologize in person.
Anyway, as usual, this is unbeta'ed, English isn't my first language and all mistakes are my own so feel free to call me out on them.
In the shower, Dean made a show of checking Cas out as he stroked himself lightly, leading to an inevitable round two and all the hot water running out.
Cas looked around to search for Balth but couldn’t find him anywhere. He figured he was probably in his room so he went to Balth’s room and opened the door without knocking, and immediately froze in his tracks. All the alcohol seemed to drain out of his body and he felt completely stone cold sober. There on the bed, was his boyfriend, clearly having sex with another girl from the party. Cas felt like throwing up. Suddenly he was jerked back and he saw Dean standing there with a thunderous expression on his face. He had obviously seen Balthazar with that girl too and was angry at him. The room felt too constricting all of a sudden so Cas went out to the garden to get some air.
When they’re both relatively more presentable, Dean turns around and wraps his arms around Cas’ neck and pulls the man in for a kiss.
“Wait back up a minute. Cas? Cas as in Cas Novak? The hot single bisexual father who totally has the hots for you? Your not a date, date is with that Cas? Whoa. This guy is a miracle worker if he convinced you not only to go home and sleep but also to go out for drinks. Also I’m pretty sure he won’t mind you in that towel, you know. You have a nice body. And that’s a compliment, coming from a lesbian. Sorry I’m rambling again. Clothes. Wear your Jeans that you hate because they don’t have any ball space. It makes your ass look great. And wear your white button down. It should be ironed, I did that myself the last time that I was over there. But leave the top buttons open and roll up the sleeves till your elbows. You’re gonna look great. Now get going, your not a date is going to pick you up any minute now. Bye! I want all the nasty details tomorrow.”
Just as he was about to continue, and possibly make the situation worse, Cas turned to him with fire in his eyes.
His resolution to stay quiet goes out the window when Cas presses his fingers against Dean's prostate, and relentlessly rubs it, until Dean is a quivering mess.
“Charlie I don’t have time for this. Cas will be here in 3 minutes and as of now all I have on is a towel around my waist. Which, by the way, isn’t appropriate attire for going out on drinks. Which, incidentally reminds me, this isn’t exactly a date. He just offered to go out for drinks to relax a bit after today’s incident.”
By the time Cas was ready for his date, Dean’s willpower had been stretched thin and it took him everything he had to not bend Cas right there and have his way with him.
“Are you feeling well, Dean? You don’t sound well. Do you have a fever? Wait I’ll get you some medicine, it will help.”
There were at least two levels inside, full of arcade games. Arcade games. In this day and age! Dammit it had been so long since he went to an arcade, he had no idea those even existed anymore. With an excited grin, he turned to look at Cas who held up his hands in a vague shrug that seemed to say something between ‘what can you do’ and ‘don’t mention how sappy this idea was’. Dean turned back with a smile and looked around. Apparently this arcade sold booze too – it had a proper bar and everything – he noticed as a waitress served a tray of drinks at a table in the corner. Dean walked up to Cas and enveloped him in a hug.
But, well, he knew that she knew what was going on, despite whatever he tried to tell himself. She knew him a bit too well for that.
Throughout the day, the three of them teased Dean about his very obvious sexual attraction to food and Dean was almost regretting having eaten the pie. ALMOST.
When Cas woke the next morning, Dean was already awake and seemed to be talking to someone on the phone. Well, talking was a mild term, Dean sounded positively frustrated with whoever was on the other end and kept huffing with anger. By the time Cas got up and went to look for Dean, he was hanging up and his face lit up with a warm smile at the sight of Cas.
“Oh, Dean, you’re so beautiful.” He moaned at the sight and Dean flushed, grateful that Cas couldn’t see his face. “Tell me if you get uncomfortable, or your hands begin to lose feeling. Okay?” he asked, voice devoid of any lust, filled only with genuine concern. “Have you done this before?” he asked. Dean nodded. “Good. What is your safe word? Or would you prefer the spotlight system?”
After he was done puking for the time being, Dean went into the kitchen where Cas was preparing him Bacon and Eggs with a large glass of Orange Juice. The trademark Hangover Cure. After having gulped down half the juice and having eaten some of his eggs, Dean realised that anyone who knew Cas even for a week knew that Cas couldn’t cook anything to save his life. As the realisation struck Dean, he stopped eating and went into the kitchen to see what was wrong.
“So we don’t," Castiel says. Everything in Dean balks at the suggestion. “We probably need to find some help.”
Dean feels a pang in his chest. He'd been sorting through the wreckage of his own family tragedy back then, but he remembers the headlines. Hael Santos-Dumont's untimely passing was perfect fodder for tabloids. Ultimately, the death was ruled a suicide. He can’t imagine what that must’ve felt like for Cas - just the thought of losing Sam makes his vision blur.
"Balthazar," Cas starts, followed by a string of something fast and Portuguese. The man replies in kind, and Dean finds himself wishing he'd caught up on his Duolingo lessons.
“No, but that doesn’t mean I don’t know you, does it?” she replies matter-of-factly, turning to regard Cas. “See, you hardhead? I told you he’d come around.”
Their lips meet with unbridled urgency, but the kiss is gentle all the same, like a storm trekking slowly toward land. Dean groans into it, keenly aware of every second he spent dreaming about this - Cas's body pressed against his own, the sweet taste of him on his tongue as Dean's fingers knead the soft flesh of his thighs, just like they'd done in the car what feels like an eternity ago.
“Shit—” he hisses, slamming his laptop shut. He digs up pair of sweats, slipping them on before returning to his desk. “Cas, you still there?”
"God, you’re like a war tank,” he blurts out, eyes playing over the wide breadth of his shoulders, gauging him.
"Shit,” he curses, immediately picking it up, eyes wide as he stares at the now cracked screen. He blinks one, two, three times, and
Dean reaches the Tribeca area in little over an hour. He pulls up to the building’s basement parking gate, punching the code into the keypad.
“Deano, what’s u—” He reels back, nostrils flaring. “Dude! You run out of blockers or something? This is Jersey, not Sweet Home Alabama.”
I apologize for taking a bit longer on this one, December was a pretty hectic month for me and I didn't want to post this chapter without properly revising it (I don't have a beta, I write poorly like men). Hope you enjoy & please don't forget to drop a comment before you leave, I desperately need that Motivation™.
"I can wait," he tells him, unwavering and honest. Cas's eyes snap back to his with something like surprise. "I won't cross any lines, and if you want me gone, I'm gone. But I'll wait if you let me, Cas. As long as you need."
“You know what, it doesn't matter. Just know that I'm sorry for…” He finishes that statement by gesturing at his general self.
Dean's back slides against the elevator wall until he's crouching down, feeling too giddy to stand on his feet. Yeah, something is definitely different now.
“I’m so sorry about your mother, Dean," Cas says, but it sounds nothing like the platitudes he's grown tired of hearing. There's a visceral sincerity to it - the kind you only get from someone who intimately knows that sort of pain.
“No,” Cas sniffles. Yep, he's definitely tearing up. “I just can’t believe you were ever that tiny.” A soft laugh. “I mean, what happened? Did oompa-loompas stick you in a taffy-pulling machine?”
“Oh—didn’t think that was a question.” Castiel urges him to continue with a rushed motion. “Yeah, I’m Alpha.”
“Yeah, don't worry, I’m on it," Sam says. “Can you get Castiel on the call? I could use his side of the story. Plus I wanna make sure he's real and you're not just pranking me.”
"Wait!" Cas blurts out. Dean freezes halfway out of his chair. “You might want to put on some pants first."
"That'd be friggin' awesome," he says, killing the engine. “I'd show you around work too, but there's no beating space stuff with motor oil."
their companies merged to form the biggest aerospace empire in the world. That much money and power behind a family name brought along fame, and with fame, a fair share of media attention followed.
“She was busted up when my dad passed her down to me,” he says, pride swelling in his chest. “Took a while, but I managed to put her back together.”
The way Dean says ‘grandfather’ sparks an idea in Sam’s head. Oh, yesssss... time to conspire with his brand-new brother-in-law.
If only there were someone here to see things from his point of view. But noooooo! Everyone’s all ‘Bobby this’ and ‘Bobby that’ and ‘aren’t Cas&Dean good together’ and ‘isn’t Jack a cutie-pie'… Really, is he the only sane one here?!
“Good... great... Just you mind yer manners, ya hear?! Also, Dean don’t know, so don’t you go runnin’ yer mouth. Just come back here at dusk.”
Smooth Winchester... real smooth. How you ever managed to get so many women to sleep with you is a mystery on its own.
When Dean touches the letters, Cas jumps up like a bolt of electricity has passed through him. Dean understands. He feels it too.
John is feeling pretty damn good about himself! That fruity son of his and that perverted angel try to mess with HIM?! He comes back swinging!
The roar of the Impala always makes Dean’s heart swell. He’d happily lent her to his dad for the night, but part of him just wanted to hide away the keys...
Cas gets with the plan instantly. Without preamble, he places himself at Deans...uhm...business end...and instantly sinks in his indexfinger.
“Hello John. In fine form I see... Mary, you’re sure we’re not intruding? Your house was closest, so... It will only be for the one night, I promise.”
“I didn’t sell my body if that is what you are asking. Only the image of it. You truly think I would do that?!”
“You guys do remember I live here too, right? I mean, it’s nice that you two finally gave in to that infuriating sexual tension, but come on, man... on the map table?!”
“Dean, I... I had no idea... I’m so sorry... I was so mad at you sometimes for defending him the way you did, I can’t believe I was so blind... I need to make it up to you, tell me what I can do to make it up to you? Wait... who the hell let John into Heaven?!”
Said tongue is currently wrapped around the head of his cock, after licking up from the base. Without any warning Cas suddenly takes all of him in, burying his nose in his pubic hair. Dean’s eyes pop open and he looks down... only to see pink lips stretched around him and blue eyes staring into his. Cas winks and swallows, causing Dean to let out a strangled cry. A hand shoots up and his fingers tangle themselves in Cas’ hair. He struggles to keep his hips still, but it’s a lost cause... He gets up from his chair, careful not to hurt the man between his legs, waits a moment to get permission and then starts fucking Cas’ mouth with abandon.
“I’ve therefore arranged for my successor to attend our next –and last- meeting this Wednesday, so he might observe my methods. Mind you, Father Castiel is still very young, he might provide you with new insights, but you’ll find my way far superior, I’m sure. He will learn, undoubtedly... given time.”
And Dean gets it. He does. Keeping everyone happy demands sacrifice. Figures that even in Heaven, he couldn’t be truly free... Not even free to love.
“I worked some odd jobs... anything that wouldn’t lead me to THAT. My time with April had shown me... I never wanted to do that again without... with someone I didn’t love... I got the tattoo and they put up a picture of it. A few days later I was contacted by a photographer. He wanted to do more photoshoots, but I wasn’t comfortable. So, I refused. Should have taken it, though... Working at that gas ‘n sip wasn’t exactly a goldmine.”
He gets in the back and just reminisces for a moment. Aaah, good times... He’s actually pretty sure at least one of his boys were conceived right here. Good times indeed.
“Not...missing. John’s here. I guess I thought that, since I told you everything about the kind of father he was, what he did to me... I guess I’m surprised you’ve let him into Heaven at all.”
While he’s waiting for Mary to come home, he decides to give the car interior a once-over. She’s immaculate off course... Dean has always taken care of his ‘Baby’ like a mother-hen with OCD. Still, best make sure to put a blanket on the backseat, maybe hide some wet wipes within reach. One never knows where the evening might lead...
Who knew the kitchen floor could be so perfect for a post-sex-nap? Maybe it’s a Heaven-thing. All surfaces ready for being naughty... just like the lack of need for lube. His angel really thought of everything...
Reality starts coming back to Dean and he quickly rearranges his clothes and heads for the door. Just before he’s about to leave, he turns... Cas is still sitting on his knees in the middle of the room, panting, lips wet and violently red, smirking at him. He reaches him in 2 big steps and kisses him. A passionate, yet soft kiss that leaves him terrified.
“Well... it’s just that... I never take those off while we’re... I mean, you always say it’s your favourite view: me, wearing those panties, you balls deep inside of me...  So, how did they end up in the impala?”
“I wonder... are they satiny? Red? Frilly? The crotchless thong? The metallic hotpants that make me so...OH!”
“As if he even could... he literally condemned his own soul in return for Sam’s life. Remember Hell, John?”
He’s looking at Dean expectantly, like he’ll start gushing about what a relief it is, how much it’s helped... Truth is he hasn’t even noticed it’s been that long. He hardly feels any need for it with his wife. He takes care of himself in the shower and that’s that. He looks up to Castiel and sees the man's face is full of disbelieve. One eyebrow raised and seemingly holding back his own opinion, he obviously doesn’t agree with his colleague's modus operandi. Maybe this one won’t be useless, after all...
“Dean has a son? He didn’t tell me... Things have been a bit strained, what with the gay-thing and all... Another grandson. Guess one of those waitresses got a little more Winchester in ‘er than expected, huh?!”
“Yesssss... Oh you’re such a good boy, aren’t you... following orders, consequences be damned... look at what you do to me... making me behave so sacrilegiously.”
“Sam... there’s one other thing... Dad’s here too. And I know I’ve never told you everything about him and me, but we have a real nasty past, man... I hid the bruises from you when we were kids and I hid the truth when we grew up, because you and him, that was always a ticking timebomb to begin with and I was so scared you’d leave and then you left anyway and...”
“I know”, Cas sighs, “Sam told me the whole story. It wasn’t your fault, Dean. I understand your anger, I do. But I can’t let you hurt yourself like this.”
He walks over to their table and tells them to count him in. He’s completely oblivious to the evil grin on Jo’s face or the wink she sends Charlie’s way.
Claire is beaming. She kisses Kaia passionately and turns to John to say: “She’s not a talker like me, but she gets her point across!”
Everything seems to slow down, focussed on that one moment in time... Cas contracting around Dean, forcing an orgasm out of him that is so raw, so earth-shatteringly good it brings tears to his eyes. The Sound that leaves his mouth unhinged and pure...
The older priest is talking, but Dean is hardly listening. He’s constantly sneaking glances at Castiel. He can’t possibly call him Father, he’s too young, too hot, too... NO! Bad! Stop it!
He doesn’t know what to say to that. So, he stays quiet and reaches for a blanket. Once covered up, Cas’ breath is slowing, he’s falling asleep. Dean stays.
“She was sleeping when I got home and this morning... she... I was dreaming and... god, this is embarrassing... Iwasdreamingofyou... and she... saw an opportunity. We had sex. Kinda. Bad timing to tell your you’re gay, when you’ve just... you know.”
But John won’t hear of it. Of all the things to be stubborn about, this is the hill he chooses to die on. Idiot...
Sure, he had to play nice and endure some seriously fucked up shit, but the greater the cost, the sweeter the revenge!
Castiel remains silent the entire time, save for when they leave. He shakes his hand and the combination of the young priest's warm skin against his own and the gravelly voice saying “Dean” gives him more lustful feelings than his wife ever has.
The beginning of this chapter actually had some real life roots... acknowledging and accepting my own not-so-straight sexuality never made me panic, just... made me walk a little taller, smile a little brighter. And I wanted that for Dean.
“The other day, my actions seamed to relax you immensely. I believe it could be sufficiënt to distract you and provide a less violent outlet for all this adrenaline.”
The feeling is indescribable. It's crushing him. He thought nothing could surpass the pain he felt when he lost his wife, but this was just...
He’ll tell her tomorrow. No need to ruin her night. It’s not like he’s getting any straighter, right? He’ll tell her tomorrow.
The next weekend my parents were presented with a glowing rapport of their pious son. A genuine angel, uninterested in carnal sin and surely destined for priesthood... and greatness.  They were so proud! And I was so happy that I could be such a perfect son for them. My whole life I’d been told to honour my parents and to serve and obey. So, when I turned 18 I went to seminar, ready to devote my life to God. 6 years later I finally became a priest and my parents’ wealth and influence secured me a prime spot in a prestigious parish. Everything seemed perfect.
This turn of frase makes John snigger and make a hand gesture as to dismiss Cas. With a nasty sneer on his face he turns to him to say: “Well, if that’s what you’re aiming for, you should have taken a female vessel. My boy is straight as a pole! Not that he’d go for the non-human variety anyway...no offence.”
Their reunion is a passionate one. It takes a few days for them to inform the rest of the family of his arrival. Sam calls Dean and many manly tears are shed. His brother is talking a mile a minute about their personal slice of Heaven and everyone occupying it. Then suddenly there’s hesitation in his tone...
“Yeah. Wouldn’t let my grace heal it. It felt good to have my wings... like a safety blanket. It’s a loss I’ll never stop grieving. Would you... do you want to see them?”
Dean still seems unable to for words, but he nods an closes the gap instantly. As their lips meet for the first time, everything else seems to fade away. Nothing exists except Dean&Cas... Cas&Dean... the whole universe could have imploded and he would not have noticed. The need for more is overwhelming and he deepens the kiss, caressing Deans tongue with his, exploring his mouth and the feeling of completeness makes him shiver.
Ok? Is he ok? He's... he’s never felt like this, never given himself over like this. Physically he’s fine, hell, he’s great! Could do this all damn day for the rest of his life!  Mentally... he’s momentarily overwhelmed and yet... he feels calm. Taken care of. He smiles.
She’s convulsing around him, just about to come. He slams into her, fucks a loud, unhinged cry out of her. Her legs buckle with the force of her orgasm, but he holds her up... keeps going, harder, faster... His climax is short, but fierce and he’s just lucid enough to NOT mutter Cas’ name.
“Ah yes, my mark is still there on a molecular level...that’ll help...Let’s see... Everything seems fine...maybe going a bit easier on your liver would be a good plan. Good thing I clear your arteries every time I heal you. “
“Your scars all seem to have healed nicely, no weird spots or irritated skin... every freckle accounted for. Let’s move one...”
She says it without malice, but Dean can’t help but wince. Sure, let’s spill the beans to the new guy about his lack of faith! Way to make an impression...
“...but you know, Cas, I don’t feel better now. I feel worse. A cheater... on all accounts. Lisa is wonderful and the way she keeps trying is admirable, but I still feel like I should leave.”
They plan a little get together at their house. Just Sam&Eileen, Dean&Cas, Mary&John... and Jack. Who is told to come by a little later than everyone else. For... reasons....
“Go easy on dear old dad, sweetie. The man doesn’t know what you’re capable of... You don’t need to prove yourself to me. I’ll still give you whatever you want, you know that.”
He saunters into Harvelle’s and sees Sam sitting alone on a table, looking depressed. With a sigh, he sits himself down across from him
“ Loverboy’ll be along... Don't you worry. Maybe you should go for a drive, check out the scenery. There’s this field out there, filled with flowers...and bees.”
“Oh, but this is good! Who do you think introduced me to the joy of carnal acts? It’s ironic really... he’s the one that awoke all this in me and now he constantly berates me for needing it. Like he doesn’t sleep with every pretty thing that catches his eye, fucking hypocrite... You know he told me he loved me? And maybe he did, for a minute. But when Sam said yes... Let’s just say Dean lost the last shred of humanity he had left”
“You feel that Johnny-boy?” Jasmin is next to him and whispering right into his ear: “FEAR. It's the fear Dean felt when he was 3 years old. You came home drunk and found him baking in the kitchen with his mom. He was having the time of his life and was so excited to show you the pie HE made... and all you did was yell at him. For doing a woman’s job. For wearing a flowery apron. For being –and I quote- a pansy-ass, good-for-nothing, disgrace of a son. See, people seem to be under the impression that Mary’s death was what made you a mean and lousy father, but that’s not quite right... is it? You were always an asshole.”
” YOUR Dean...you’ve said that twice now. And with the way he was looking at me earlier...that was my jealous face. Is something going on between us...uh...you two? Am I reading this wrong?”
Cas gives John his best Dom-brow-look and says: “For your information... I am a multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent. My true form is as big as the Chrysler Building and has 6 wings and 4 heads. This is...or was... a vessel. I choose to look like this for Dean.”
His euphoric state has dimmed a bit. Overshadowed by his own stupidity. But what happened, happened. No going back on that.
He says it in a teasing tone and it wouldn’t be THAT cringe-worthy, but then he slaps Cas on the back and adds:
“ok, so uhm the vital signs need to be checked, you know: blood pressure, heartrate, temperature... Then also check for heart- and lung disease. Throath, teeth, eyes, neck, abdomen, reflexes, skin... and uhm... testiclesandprostate.”
The Mark!! He mourned its absence, so learning it's still there –though unseen- makes him want to cry. No! Stop! Breathe... OMG that is Cas’ hand traveling over his chest...abdomen...OMG! CAS is touching his dick...
BAD!!! Very bad!!! Sam is currently sporting a mother-of-all-bitchfaces and chewing him out like nobody’s business.
All is going well, initially. Ok, there’s definitely some tension between his mom and dad, Cas seems to be VERY touchy-feely with Dean and John just plain ignores Eileen...but everyone is being civil. For now.
Cas answers that question for him. In one fluent motion he’s off the ground and on the bed, whispering in his ear.
He feels himself start to blush and as much as he’s denying it, all he wants to do is say yes. To just give this man one last good memory and maybe find what he’s been missing, what he’s been hiding. But can he really do it?
He slowly sinks himself down on Dean’s length and slides back up, again and again... hips moving at an excruciatingly slow pace... giving Dean a show of his muscles moving underneath tanned skin.
The stern voice, the tight hold...like a steel cage, yet so very comforting. He feels himself calm down, submits to Cas without a thought.
Dean obliges, he grabs his dick and starts lazily stroking. The rhythm starts to change, suddenly Cas is moving up and down at a punishing pace, his thick thighs working overtime. Deans strokes matching his thrusts now, they are both letting out the filthiest moans and cries of passion.
Okay, maybe he’s been having some less then pure thoughts about the angel...been eying him a bit more closely, but that doesn’t mean anything...right? Right???
“I grew up in a very religious household. My childhood was a happy one, on all accounts. My parents were the perfect couple, I had 4 older siblings, we were rich, … I wanted for nothing. The church was a very prominent fixture in our lives. My brothers and I were sent to a Catholic boarding school for boys, my sister to one for girls. Priests and nuns were like aunts and uncles to us, people we trusted above everyone else.
“Oh, baby, yeah...talk clinically to me, gets me all hot and bothered”, he says as he rolls his eyes.
“Hey so, I know you wanted to get some sleep and all, but this IS my last night on earth...so... Wanna fool around?”
Dean can’t hold back anymore, his moans reaching a crescendo as he comes untouched, all over their stomachs. The way he tightens even more around Cas is maddening and a handful of thrusts bring on his own orgasm. The way he growls into Deans neck makes the other man's cock twitch and spurt a little more semen as a last hurrah. He feels his smile against his skin and finishes his sentence:
He’s on his way to Deans now to return the car...and the panties. No matter how badly yesterday went, the fact that his boy has been getting some on the side doesn’t fail to make him smile. And judging by the panties, the girl’s gotta be one kinky, hot, little number. Just what the doctor ordered...
“Ok look, don’t overthink this... but... when I had my private talk with Castiel, we talked about our sex life. About how we struggle on that part. And we do struggle, Dean...”
Her smile is radiant, she’s beautiful. He watches her leave the room, pulls his pants back up and sits himself back down in the same position she found him in to begin with.
God, he’s shaking like a leaf... and does his voice always sound so squeaky? He’s never gonna get through this without at least one manly tear, is he?
Bobby gives him a sideways glance and says: “ Well, Cas helped. It's a big new world out there. You’ll see...”
John is drinking –yet another- beer. Hell, he’ll need many more if he’s to deal with those fags... Should have known his eldest’s girly face would get him in trouble.
Johns hand on his shoulder makes him cringe. Being around him always makes him feel like a scared 12yo. He remembers what he and Cas agreed on, but he doesn’t know if he’ll be able to do it...
Dean is seriously dreading this meeting. He hates having to talk about his feelings, then he had to do it with a priest present, now there’s going to be ANOTHER one there. Next thing you know he’ll be doing a monologue about his failed marriage in front of the entire parish... Fuck his life...
*Don’t think about Cas... don’t think about those blue eyes, that raven hair, his immense strength, his hands -oh fuck- his fingers...*
John looks at the group and sees a bag being passed around and everyone’ drinking milk for some reason.
They hear a chair falling over and the backdoor slamming, but they pay it no mind. Just the thought of Dean in those panties makes Cas want to slam his lover against a wall and have his way with him. So, he does.
John sees red. Who the hell does this guy think he is?! Stealing his wife, stealing his kids, judging him... now he’s throwing his eldest some froufrou party! Hunters don’t do birthdays. No time to waste on trivialities like that when you’re saving people and putting your ass on the line to do it. No wonder Dean’s regressed into such a cry-baby... All these people giving in to his every girly whim... pathetic.
“I know. Just one more minute... you smell so good... wanna rub myself all over you so I have something to remember you by tonight.”
He’s frantic by now, yelling into the phone and pacing around the living room. Just wait until he gets his hands on that son of a bitch!
“Where I’ve been is off no importance, nor is my wellbeing... I just had a very interesting phone call with Sam. He seems to be under the impression that you hurt me.”
“Maybe you should man up and join them then. They’re having a little pissing contest as we speak... You could try to beat them, show them who’s got the biggest cojones in this joint.”
Deans eyes grow comically large when he sees what his dad just threw on the kitchen table... *OH FUCK!*
So, I listen to those who the church deems sinners. I help where needed. I no longer close my eyes to the cruelties of this world. And when the mood strikes, I fuck. Sometimes women, sometimes men, sometimes others... Surely, if there is a God, he is indifferent towards sexual orientation and gender. And why would he give mankind the gift of pleasure, only to deny it to his most loyal servants? I simply honour all he created.
One part of his daily work out is going for a run. Normally he hardly ever encounters anyone, but today is a completely different story.
“He probably didn’t think twice about what he said, Cas... He’s not exactly used to being around queer couples. And if he IS trying, maybe we should give him some time, he’ll learn...”
The moment’s broken. Sam is standing in the doorway looking absolutely gobsmacked, cup of tea on the floor. Right... war room... how exhibitionistic of them.
Dean leans back in his chair and takes a sip, “No they said they got it... they know their way around our kitchen.”
He turns his back to him and Dean is awestruck. The picture didn’t do them justice. There are so many intricate details in them... so many hidden colours even. And then something draws his attention. Four Enochian letters grouped together in a familiar way...
Cas disengages from his lover and collapses next to him. Thank god for wall-to-wall carpet... He turns his head to Dean and sees he’s smiling, eyes still closes. He sighs.
Dean scoots closer to his angel, throws an arm around his shoulders and starts ‘whispering’ in his ear.
The sudden change in atmosphere throws Dean for a loop and he suddenly finds himself on his belly, pyjama pants gone and arms restrained around his back. Cas’ firm grip on his hands makes him moan. God, he’s always been a sucker for the strong ones...
Dean passes him by and reaches into the cooler for a beer. He passes one to John and slides on his knees beside Cas, offering him not only a beer, but also a PB&J-sandwich.
Contrary to popular belief, Cas is NOT a patient man. Johns looks about ready to puke... and the peppers have nothing to do with it.
For the first time since they came in, Dean looks his father straight into the eyes. “Anal, dad. He means anal sex.”
“Feeling lucky boys?” Mary askes in a sultry tone. She sounds better than she looks... All red in the face, teary-eyed... Poor mom, trying so hard to keep it together. It’s hilarious! Unlike the staring competition between Cas and his dad... Seems like John’s made it his goal in (un)life to beat him. Well... good luck with that...
Sam seems genuinely confused. He takes one of the chairs and faces Dean. *oh great, therapy-Sam... Okay Winchester, time to lay all your cards on the table. How bad can it be?*
“Ok, ok... she won’t be my wife much longer though. This Saturday... Ben’s with my mom then and I’ll tell her. I can be a free man by Sunday. WE can be free.”
A shower... he needs a shower... Not only did he sleep with a witch, he let that ‘thing’ do those unholy things to him!
He runs the idea by Lisa and she’s unexpectedly excited. It doesn’t hit him ‘till later in the day that she’s probably thinking about a nice romantic weekend together...Fuck. Yet another thing to distract him from work... He’s been trying to do some paperwork, but it’s not going anywhere. His mind keeps providing him with images of last night. And then there’s the intense feeling of lust that’s been plaguing him all day. Not to mention the inexplicable need to call Cas. To hear that deep voice. God, the mere thought of Cas saying his name alone makes him hard as nails!
And then his cock is ingulfed in wet warmth. Dean closes his eyes and let’s his head fall back. *God, that’s good!* A priest he may be, but damn, boy’s got skills. And to think he gives sermons with that sinful tongue...
He just drops that bomb and leaves. Everyone has gone silent. Deans blushing like crazy and Cas can see tears shining in his eyes. *That fucker!*
“Yeah... feel that stress. Your son was in a state of constant vigilante, never getting to be just a kid, never sleeping well... all for Sammy. He loved the boy as if he was his own kid, you know. His biggest burden and his biggest triumph. And what did you do when he pissed you off? You sent him away. Took his Sam from him. Radio silence.”
Lisa clears her throat and the moment is broken. They greet Father Zachariah and are introduced to the newcomer: Father Castiel.
Ya think?! Dean has started thinking about kissing Sam to stop him from coming all over Cas’ hand! Nothing spoils the mood like incest...
The next time he sees Cas, two weeks have passed. He’s tried calling, texting... he even prayed to the guy and nothing. And now here he is. Walks into his room like he was never gone.
Great. Seems like Wednesday came early this week... He puts on a fake smile, asks his mom to take Ben home and does as he’s told. Father Zachariah sits down in his ornate chair, they aren’t offered one. Dean feels like he’s been called into the principal's office for a lecture and starts fidgeting.
Settling down on his bed, he starts looking through the calendar. Wow... this photographer is a genius... The lighting perfectly accentuates the muscles, the hats are all white (nice touch...) and there’s a softness to the pictures that stands in harsh contrast with the roughness of these men... Dean is entranced.
It’s warm and tight and everything Dean has been missing all his adult life. When Cas starts doing a circular movement, he swears he goes cross-eyed for e minute there. Oh man, he IS good...
Dean hasn’t smoked weed in... forever, but the time travel madness seems like a justified reason to. So, he sits down on the bed and takes a hit.
Dean suddenly breaks away, the lack of breath apparently too much. He’s looking at him with awe, says: “You can do whatever you want to me, Angel.” and lays back, hands above his head in total surrender.
Dean’s not even trying to keep back his tears and if he’d take a look around, he’d see he’s not the only one...but he’s only got eyes for Cas.
They stumble into Cas’ bedroom, kissing and undressing each other. Their actions are frantic... They were fools to deny themselves this. Cas, ever the one for taking charge, walks him backwards and pushes him down on the bed. He looks him over for a moment, making Dean shiver in anticipation, before attacking his mouth again. They grind and grab and moan... it’s... animalistic.
“Oh, that’s what you thought him huh?, she says with a voice as cool as ice, “the only thing you thought him was to be a soldier. My sweet, little Dean, who was always so caring, so full of emotion and not afraid to show it. You fucked him up, is what you did! And now you want to criticize the love of his fucking life?! Who are you to judge them?! They belong together, it’s LOVE!”
Cas places a hand on Deans forehead en looks into his eyes. Man, those are some blue eyes...Dean almost finds himself getting lost in them, basking in the intimacy of prolonged eye contact... Ugh, his stomach is killing him! Can’t Cas make it stop?!
“I heard everything I needed to know straight from the horses’ mouth. See, Cas and Dean? Their basically my dads.”
“Yeah... maybe not. But we did have a nice uhm...talk... last time.” He takes Cas’ elbow and steers him away from the crowd, “don’t you remember? Because I do...”
But Father Castiel just smiles at him and says: “Oh, Father Zachariah’s sermons could make an angel lose their faith in God... First time I came here to inspect my soon-to-be-parish I actually fell asleep! Don’t tell anyone that...”
Then one day, the whole family decides to spend the day at the lake. It’s loads of fun and after some clowning around in the water, Cas throws himself into one of the beach chairs and watches Dean approaching... all wet and slightly sunburned, dressed only in tight swimming shorts... They should go swimming more often.
Oh my god, this guy... he’s making it sound as if he’s their only chance to turn things around. Like he’s their personal saviour or something. Quite the ego on this son of a bitch... especially since he’s failing spectacularly.
Cas is crawling up his body now, soon their noses are touching and Dean can’t help himself... he needs a taste. He wraps a hand in Cas’ hair and closes the gap.
And then it happens... People are packing up, getting ready to go. Mary and Eileen are cleaning up and bringing the leftovers into the house. Bobby, Sam, John and Cas are sitting around the dying embers of the grill, still sharing stories, when Dean walks up and offers them a glass of scotch. He’s just about to take a seat next to Cas when his dad frowns and says:
Ok, the party is good. The booze is good, the food is good, he’s sitting next to this cute blonde... He could do without the PDA from Dean and his boyfriend, but beggars can’t be choosers. And he can always just stare at Blond Girl’s friend some more. That is some cleavage...phew!
The barbeque is a success. John even offered to do the grilling so Dean could hang out with his guests more. And although you can say a lot of bad things about his father-in-law, he sure knows his way around a grill. Everyone is having fun, the mood is soft and stress-free... Cas even caught himself listening to one of Johns hunter stories and laughing out loud. Dean is beaming when he sees Cas’ gummy smile.
He then lays himself down on the beach towel next to Cas’ chair in a most seductive way. *oh yes... he’s getting some kinky sex tonight!*
Before he can even begin to react, Deans pants are loosened, ass stripped bare and Cas’ finger is going where no man has gone before. He wants to pull away, scream out in pain, tell him to stop! Only... it’s...kind off... the opposite of what he wants...? *What the hell?!*
Cas feels... oh God, he’s never felt like this! This full... this taken... yet completely in charge...
He whines and grips her hips, stopping her movements. He tries to catch his breath for a moment, takes his cock in hand and guides it into her. It’s wet. Warm. Tight. He starts thrusting, she starts moaning, breaking the illusion. It doesn’t feel the same either. Not Cas’ scorching heat, not his low gravelly voice. His thrusts falter and he feels himself going a bit soft.
And does he ever... Cas starts by lightly stroking his prostate, soon followed by a light tapping that soon turns hard and frantic. Dean’s barely holding on by a thread. He starts shaking and can’t help but moan and pant.
Dean’s eyes go wide. Surely, he doesn’t mean... He can’t... Cas has taken the chair next to him, instead of the one behind the desk. His closeness only confused him more.
“What are you fucking doing?! Is not ‘nough you taking it up the ass from an angel, now I find out m’ firstborn’s been fucking THE FUCKING KING OF HELL?!?!”
John finds something interesting in the Impala an comes to a very wrong conclusion... I'd say "poor John", but... nah! :)
“No! You can’t throw away your happiness like that. It's the opposite of what I try to achieve here! Please... just don’t...”
Dean jumps of the bed, mind made up. He makes his way to Cas’ room, calendar in hand. They’re having a conversation about this. Now.
Dean's face has fallen by now. Cas can see he is starting to understand what life with him would truly mean.
“Was I not enough for you, Dean?” His seductive tone obviously has an effect on the other man. He’s squirming...Cas loves it.
“Yeah... you realise that I’m 42, right? And Cas is like... dawn-of-time-old. I mean, we get a bit wild, but...”
“Come on dude! You can do the eye-fucking-thing with Mr. Dreamboat for all of eternity, but now I need some quality time with my BFF!”
“Remember when you met Lee and his father? You 2 would go on a bender and bitch about how faggots were worse than demons and monsters and all the while your sons were having sex in those cheap motel rooms you left them in. Dean always knew he liked girls AND boys, but how could he ever come out to such a bigoted father? You nearly caught them once. They had a big fight after that. Lee wanted out and he wanted Dean to come with him. Dean refused to leave Sammy.”
Jo slaps his shoulder and yells in his ear: “Close your mouth, old man, you’ll catch flies!”, then walks away laughing her head off.
“Ok John, no problem... I don’t mind, Dean, you know where my hands have been! Your father’s been around the block, he knows how this goes.” He turns towards him and continues: “You know John, I was a bit sceptical at first too... I mean, it’s not the cleanest place on a man’s body, but seeing one’s partner enjoying himself is worth crossing some imaginary borders, isn’t it? And in all honesty... getting to fifth base without the right preparations would be just cruel really.”
He turns and scowls at the young, blond girl grinning at him. Jo. Great. The girl has no tact. Not to mention shame... He heard her proposition Dean the other day and when he told her him and Cas are serious, she simply said she could handle both and would be happy just watching them go at it. Are you fucking kidding me?! Why would she want to see such a thing?! Obviously a slut, that one...
“Dean tried so hard to be like you. To just not be himself, at all cost. Became daddy’s good little soldier. Then Sam ran away to Stanford and you beat the shit out of him.”
Dean nods and Cas starts removing his T-shirt. It’s still so weird to see him in “normal” clothes. He kept the coat though.
He knows the guy will never admit it, but he sees a shiver run over him. Cas told him all about it. How everyone there was constantly reliving their biggest regrets, their greatest failures... His angel was the one who led the rebellion. Woke up everyone there and made it so loud the Empty imploded on itself. The time they all spent there left scars though... if only psychological.
“After sitting in on you therapy-session I was a bit... distraught. Father Zachariah’s methods are outdated at best. I would actually like to speak to you guys separately the first time. Get the story from both perspectives, without holding back for the sake of the other. Would you two be amendable to that?”
Cas’ mouth has gone completely dry. He swallows and before he can tell Dean to leave, Lisa is back by their side.
He thought Dean would have more reservations about sexual acts in a hallowed place, practically in plain sight, but the man seems set on exceeding his expectations. He decides to mirror Deans actions.
That breaks the ice a little and they’re both chuckling. The bartender is a 22yo twink that has been eyeing Dean since he first saw him. He winked at him once... poor boy dropped everything and ran to the bathroom like his pants were on fire!
If he thought Sam was going to let him just sneak off to his room without an explanation, he was wrong.
“Don’t be. Castiel, he... he put some things in perspective for me. Made me look at you in a different light. And I don’t mind, Dean. I don’t care that you like men too.”
Cas jumps up, ready to defend himself. Their faces are only inches away from each other and he can’t decide if he wants to kiss or hit that beautiful mouth.
“I didn’t. Jack did. I wanted to go against him, but it wasn’t my place to reveal your past with him. And Mary seemed so happy to see him. I couldn’t take that away from her.”
Here we've got a very angry Mary, a piece-of-shit John, some slurs and as always Cas being a little shit ;)
She is clutching his hands in hers and he can’t help but wonder if those hands were on Dean earlier. No matter how much he tries, his brain keeps tempting him, keeps telling him he’s an idiot. A fool for the man standing next to her.
So... there will be one more chapter after this, but it will not be for the faint of heart. I'll make the angel Jasmin go all Hannibal on Johns ass! Be warned! Just stop right here if that's not your thing.
The way Johns jaw drops just fuels his fire... He picks up the panties an caresses them gently while smiling.
The look Cas throws him could mean he’s angry and wants to eat him alive or... something else. His eyes seem...heated? Noooo, he’s just projecting. No way Cas could want him. Do angels even ‘want’?
They manage to get to the car before Cas tackles Dean and they end up having a heavy make-out session on Baby’s hood.
“He never got to say it back. Not in life anyway. He didn’t need to die the way he did though... he could have been saved if he had just let Sam call an ambulance. But he didn’t want to live anymore. Not like this. Not without Cas.”
He’s raging, tearing through the room like a Fury on speed. Drinking untill he passes out isn’t gonna cut it tonight... The need to destroy, to make his hands bleed is overwhelming.
“Hey, I got you something.” Dean announced. He fumbled around in his bag, then he handed Charlie a small bag. She took it with mild disinterest, but she soon stared in utter shock when she unwrapped a small ravenclaw necklace.
“You guys ready?” Questioned Gabriel as he opened the front door for his siblings. Cas, Balthazar and Samandriel all shook their heads, and Gabriel laughed. “Yeah, me neither. At least this is my last year.”
“Ay Cas, is Gabe or Luci up yet?’ Inquired Anna from her spot on the couch. Cas just shrugged his shoulders and rubbed at his eyes, desperate to get the tiredness out of his eyes. And that’s when he saw it.
Cas briefly inspected the cup, but, rational thought be damned, he downed the whole thing and stumbled forwards.
“It’s what friends are for, right?” She replied, beaming. “Now, please let me help you with that crush of yours.”
Eventually, Sam won the brotherly spat and claimed the master bedroom as his own, taking his suitcase from Bobby (before thanking him for carrying it upstairs) and setting it by the door. Dean grudgingly took the slightly smaller bedroom, but he soon came to like it when he saw he had a much better view of the backyard and pool than Sam did- and a view that was perfect for watching the sunrise. He too took his suitcase from Bobby, thanked him for carrying it upstairs and then set it near the door.
Dean smiled a little and stood, fumbling in his stuff for his keys. Once his hands clasped the keys, he held them up proudly and made his way to the door. Cas held it open for him, the gentleman he was, and Dean, for once, didn't mind in the slightest. He walked out of the door and out into the dorm parking lot, striding over to the Impala. He dug the key into the lock and opened the front door, sliding over to unlock the passengers seat. Cas then climbed in, and Dean dug the keys into the ignition.
The woman bit her lip in concentration as she scanned her computer screen. “Ah, here you are. Your dorm is room 242, you have a roommate.” The woman printed out Dean’s schedule and handed it to him, along with a map of the dorms. “School starts on the 25th. You’ll need to move in tomorrow.”
“Freddy! Freddy, c’mere,” Lucifer held his arms out, catching his dogs attention. Freddy ran to Lucifer instead, as Lucifer stuck his tongue out at Gabriel.
“Oh, I’m sure they won’t.” Karen replied with a smile. Bobby simply nodded, bid both brothers farewell, and went back to his car, driving off back towards the house. By time Bobby pulled out of the driveway, Dean and Sam had walked itl the house, and Charlie had closed the door behind them.
When Cas emerged from his room, Balthazar grabbed his twin brother’s hand and took off towards the stairs, dragging poor Cas along with him. Balthazar dragged him downstairs, where sure enough, the entire family was waiting.
However, when he walked to his lunch table today, he saw a new kid, a girl, sitting next to Charlie, and the two of them were talking and laughing. As Dean approached the table, Charlie seemed to snap out of her trance, and she glanced at Dean.
Becky was standing near the kitchen island, holding Jack in her arms and bouncing him around while he laughed all the while. Chuck was standing at the kitchen bar, holding his and Becky’s dog Alex, a little 9 year old border terrier who kept yapping his mouth off. Lucifer and Gabriel were both sat at the bar, debating over the Texas Chainsaw Massacre movies while Lucifer’s dog, Freddy Krueger, slept peacefully at Lucifer’s feet. Raphael was on the couch, skipping through TV channels as Hael sat curled up next to him, scrolling through an app on her phone. Anael, Samandriel, Hannah, Claire and Anna all sat at the dining table- Anael and Anna were talking avidly about their new classes, while Claire talked to Samandriel and Hannah occasionally made a remark while glancing at her phone, immersed in the comic she was reading.
“Well,” Charlie began, calming herself, “I’d tell you but I don’t wanna force it in your face first thing in the morning.”
Amara was the only one to refuse cake, but everyone else eventually got a slice and the cake was gone before anyone could get a second piece. Regardless, Gabriel still tried to beg for a second slice and even attempted to steal a small piece of Lucifer’s slice, prompting Lucifer to whack him over the head with a paper plate- something that wasn't necessarily all that bad, but Lucifer always found a way to let his wrath out with anything in his possession.
Dean begrudgingly agreed, as long as Sam went along with them. Sam, who, unbeknownst to Dean, was still hiding the fact that he could see colors, agreed to go solely to help Dean- despite his own discomfort at the chance of running into Gabriel again. Perhaps he shouldn’t have been as uncomfortable- Gabriel was his soulmate after all- but Sam knew it would bring attention to him and he wasn’t yet sure if he wanted to have the spotlight on him.
As the trio walked into the aquarium and paid, Dean continued to strike up a conversation with Anna. "What's your major?"
Cas nodded, but rubbed at his eyes as his vision began to blur. Unfortunately for Cas, he was very much a lightweight- and a full cup of beer was more than enough to get him drunk.
"Do you like the fishtank?" Cas questioned, as if he couldn't already predict Dean's answer from his expression. Dean nodded eagerly, and Cas held back a chuckle at the raw curiosity and awe Dean had.
“Cas! Hey, there you are. Mom made waffles for breakfast.” Balthazar exclaimed, pushing a plate of waffles towards Cas as he sat down. Cas took the plate, drizzled some syrup over it and took a bite.
“At 6. I want to take him out to eat.” Dean murmured, sitting up. He grabbed his phone and began typing out a text message to his younger brother. Not even a minute after he sent it, his phone buzzed with a reply. “Alright, we can get my brother at 6.”
About half an hour had passed when Dean finally tired of exploring the new house (for now). When he sat by the front door, Bobby yelled for Sam. Sam, who had been exploring the basement, ran towards Bobby's voice, eventually finding his way to the foyer.
Balthazar took a quick glance at the list and shrugged. “Well, you could add a personality to the list.”
Charlie took Dorothy's hand and pointed at something on her phone, which made Dorothy laugh. Dorothy soon became immersed in whatever Charlie was showing her, so Dean took the time to strike up a conversation with Benny, and the two chatted for the rest of lunch.
Sam nodded as Dean climbed into the shotgun seat. Sam climbed into the back as Bobby finally climbed into the driver’s seat and turned the car on.
As Gabriel nearly drowned his pancakes in syrup, Balthazar clicked his tongue in disgust. Unfortunately for him, Gabriel heard the noise, and shot a glare at Balthazar as he tucked the syrup bottle away.
As soon as Garth finished hugging the two brothers, they turned to the third boy, whom they presumed was Ash.
“He’s not a big fan of soulmates,” Sam interrupted, as Charlie stared at Dean, perplexed. “He thinks by having a soulmate, you’re pretty much tied down to that person.”
“You can see colors?” She exclaimed, as Sam quickly turned his head at the realization. Dean simply nodded, not understanding her reaction, but he quickly regretted it once he saw the expression that now laid on Charlie’s face.
When he walked in, he couldn't help but sigh in awe at the classroom. It was fully decorated- fairy lights strung along the board, curtains over the windows and posters over the walls. As he walked in, he was approached by the teacher- a relatively pretty woman who was holding some papers. She held one up and glanced at Dean.
The singing started right after that. Dean led the others in a gusto, and Cas blinked at the taller man’s singing voice. He tuned out every other voice in the room, only focusing on Dean’s.
It was Dean’s favorite plaid shirt, one that Bobby had washed specifically so Dean could wear it today.
“Yep, I knew it.” The boy grinned and pulled out a piece of paper. “You need any help? I got the homework done already.”
Sam nodded right as the teacher began to tell the class what they were doing that day. Apparently, the teacher was to hand out a letter to home, then just explained the course and what they would be doing over the course of the school year. Sam listened intently to every word, eager to start the class. His dream was to become a lawyer, which was specifically why he had chosen this class in the first place.
Cas then searched for a proper outfit for the day, now gifted with the ability to see color and pick out an outfit more properly. He ended up settling on a multicolored sweater, striped with blues, whites and grays, and a pair of jeans. As for shoes, he chose a pair of black sneakers that he then tugged on. Once dressed, he bid goodbye to Gemini and Nox and descended the stairs.
By the time all the pets were put up, both Gabriel and Samandriel had finished their breakfast. As they put their plates in the sink, Gabriel grabbed his car keys right as Lucifer walked out the door with Hannah and Anael.
“Awesome. I’ve been there- it's really cool.” Her eyes glanced down to Dean’s backpack, which caught her eye. “Led Zeppelin fan?”
When Dean got to the lecture room, it was almost nearly full. Kids sat all along the seats, but Dean bolted for the seat that was almost always empty. Sure enough, it was empty that morning, as always.
The fourth monday of college started off as any other monday did: alarms blaring at 7:30 in the morning. Dean hated the alarms, as he had never been good with waking up. Nevertheless, he woke up at the first alarm every single day, and always got up without much verbal complaint. As Dean brushed his teeth, he heard the somewhat familiar clatter of plates, signaling that Cas was eating breakfast.
So, lil thing- all the teachers (except one) are named after YouTubers or my friends, so if you don't recognize one of the teacher names as a YouTuber, then that teacher is named after a friend of mine ^^
Dean groaned loudly and shoved his face back into the pillow. “Goddammit. Why does it have to be a friday?? Why can’t it just be saturday?!”
“Because I met them. While I was drunk. At the party.” Dean took a bite out of the sandwich he had packed. “And I don’t remember who they were.”
It was quite cold that morning, something Dean loved. He had donned an old leather jacket his dad had given him, something that oddly was his most prized possession. Perhaps it was because the one thing he got completely to himself, the one thing that was his and his alone. It was the one thing that he had had his entire life.
Catching himself, Dean screwed the cap back on and set the bottle down. "Thanks." He spoke, glancing at Cas. Cas nodded and opened the front door, grabbed his bag and walked off.
Dean got back to the dorm late that night, after spending an entire day with Charlie to cheer her up. After getting her hair cut and nearly buying out an entire Hot Topic, Dean was satisfied that he had cheered her up.
“Yeah, yeah, I know.” Dean groaned, rolling onto his belly before lifting his hand to flip Sam off. Sam cried out a familiar “Jerk!” before he closed Dean’s door, drowning out the “Bitch!” that followed.
He grabbed two jackets and a black shirt, pulled them all on, then tugged on some jeans. He closed the door of his closet before glancing at his reflection in the mirror. Assuring himself he looked fine, he walked out into the tiny kitchen of the tiny apartment he had managed to buy. Dean had been saving money since he was 10, from birthdays or Christmases or anywhere he could get money. He had even snagged a few dollar bills out of people’s wallets in his utter desperation. He had been desperate to move out since the age of 10, out from under the roof of his abusive father. And sure enough, just weeks after Dean graduated high school, he managed to purchase an apartment in a small town on the opposite side of Kansas. He had quite quickly packed all of his and his brother's stuff, and had dragged his younger brother with him to the apartment.
The college Dean was in had four floors of dorms for both girls and boys. First floor was for freshmen, second for sophomores, third for juniors and fourth for seniors. There was also two dorm buildings for both boys and girls, as despite being a college for a relatively small town, there was a lot of students in the college.
Cas's brother Gabriel swung by the dorm about once every three-four days, averaging one-two times a week. Dean didn't particularly like Gabriel, as something in Gabriel's personality just irritated Dean, but he never said anything. He figured it best to leave his pet peeves in silence; living with his father his entire life had more than taught him to never bring up something that could turn into an argument. Dean had had enough arguments in his life end physically, and he didn't want anymore of those.
December came quicker than anyone was really expecting. The first day of December was met with a light snowfall, enough to cover the ground. Dean had woken up on the first day of December to this snow, and he had ran outside and played in it until the snow melted later that day. Dean had never gotten to fully appreciate snow as a kid. He had seen it, but it was rare for him to have an entire day to just run around in the snow and play.
Dean set his bag down and sighed as he sat. He stretched a little, letting the muscles he didn't even know were tense relax. And man, did that feel nice. He then pulled out his phone and checked to see if he had gotten any messages from Sam yet. None. Dean quickly typed a little ‘good morning’ to Sam before stuffing his phone away to lay his head down.
i am so so sorry for the long ass wait!!! motivation is a bitch. as an apology, i present to you: a 4600 word chapter. enjoy!
A quick look at the scene tells him the full story – white Lamborghini Truck backs out, blue DB5 hits it head-on. Somebody had been very distracted.
He can't help but smile at the sight of him. Cas looks like he left bed but bed hasn’t quite left him, hair wild and a baggy hoodie all but swallowing him whole. It’s a far cry from his usual porcelain doll look, and every bit as gorgeous.
His heart feels like it's being held in a tight grip when the elevator reaches the penthouse. He plays it off by lifting Castiel at the waist and backing up inside, “You're coming with me.”
“Say hi, baby,” Cas coos at the thing, bringing it closer to the screen. Dean instinctively leans away from his laptop, watching its forked tongue slip in and out, beady little eyes staring right at him.
, Dean,” he says, hopping off the counter to face him. “I don’t have a scent, nor should I be able to scent you.”
Dean scoffs, looking over the papers. “Fuck him. Dude’s got four kids and still drives a sports car—he’s an asshole.”
He downs a couple of aspirins then shuffles to the kitchen to retrieve his phone. His friend group chat is blowing up with unread messages. He scrolls past most of it to find what triggered the furor - a video sent from his phone at 4:20 in the morning.
Before Dean knows it, he's got a lapful of pure hotness all but devouring his mouth, his hands somehow having found their way under Castiel's sweater dress. A growl rises in his throat when his fingers brush against lacy material of his underwear.
Castiel's mild fever and Dean's exhaustion don't stop them from having their regular Skype call before bed. Cas drifts off first, leaving Dean to watch him for a couple more minutes before sleep takes over, thumb sliding across the screen as his eyes slip shut.
Across the parking lot, he spots two people having what looks like anything but a friendly chat. Despite the glaring size disadvantage, a petite figure holds their ground, chest puffed out defensively as a much larger individual aggressively waves their arms.
The left headlight and side-view mirror are toast, which will definitely slow progress - original DB5 parts aren't easy to come by. If Dean places an order today, it can take up to a month for the pieces to ship from Europe. There's also some shallow denting and deep paint scratches across the left side. He finds himself grimacing at the overall damage - as far as fender benders go, this was a pretty nasty one.
He lets that to go unanswered, mind retreating to the ever-present, soothing buzz in the back of his head.
“First thing that crossed my mind when I saw you.” Dean scratches the back of his neck, just now realizing how corny this sounds. “I thought you looked like music.” Castiel mock-cringes at that, tiny little wrinkles forming at the bridge of his nose. "Shaddup," he mutters, face hot. Cas chuckles, almost
“Watch your step, big boy!” He spins around at the voice, a short, curly-haired lady glaring up at him. He opens his mouth to apologize, but she beats him to it, breaking into a grin. “Oh, it’s
“How can we help?” Cas asks. "We tried researching online, but all Google turned up were these strange, psychedelic blogs."
Castiel answers the FaceTime call after a couple of rings, phone mounted at an the angle that allows Dean a wide view of his living room.
Castiel just stands there, regarding him with a piercing gaze. Probably trying to figure out what type of freak he is. It doesn't help Dean can’t seem to keep his eyes from darting to all the places they shouldn't, and God, he hasn’t even seen him from the back yet—
"I’ll drive you then,” he offers reflexively. Castiel opens his mouth, but nothing comes out, something Dean can’t quite place clouding his eyes. He’s expecting to be let down gently when a black sedan pulls up to them, tinted window rolling down.
Castiel sees him out after they exchange numbers, and Dean finds himself stupidly backing up into the elevator, unwilling to break eye contact.
He could call Cas, but given he just got left on read, chances are he won't pick up. Pretending this whole incident never happened by changing the subject would probably only make things more awkward. Castiel's silence is an obvious sign of embarrassment, so maybe if Dean embarrasses himself back he won't feel as helpless. It's flawed logic at best, but he decides to give it a go, using the front camera on his phone to snap his own glamour shot. He hesitates for a moment before hitting send.
"I—you—" Castiel stutters, cheeks filling with color. "You know what, take it as you wish. I don't care."
it, he misses getting his hands dirty. All he needed was the right incentive. "Nobody touches that car but me.”
NSFW-ish warning for the beginning of this chapter (there's a nude picture in the first texting panel, so proceed with caution).
"We're almost done working on a new space show. I can bring you in for a tryout session, if you'd like.”
"Yeah, I better get going. Thanks for watching Gabriel, by the way," he says, checking his wrist watch before turning a smirk back on Dean. "So nice meeting you. In fact, if things don't work out with Castiel, my number is—"
"Keycard, parking info, it’s all here,” she says, dropping a folder on his desk. “You made a district judge very angry, so my advice as your attorney is don’t pull anything that lands you in his courtroom."
“There’s something about you, I—” Castiel chews on his bottom lip, looking around. “I can’t do this here. Do you mind coming up to my unit?”
The guy scrambles into his car, tires screeching as he peels out. Dean watches the scene in utter bewilderment.
Dean finds Castiel sitting on the kitchen counter, glaring into a pint of Ben&Jerry’s like it personally offended him.
“Less than 24 hours,” he deadpans, unlocking his office. Charlie freezes at the door, and he takes the opportunity to close it.
“So we had a few setbacks, big deal. Not like triggering this thing's easy, dude. We’ve been on Control since we were 16.”
Damn it. This is probably karmic retribution after all his years proclaiming to be the world’s smoothest flirt.
," Cas replies in a playful tone. Dean's whole face feels like it's about to catch on fire. “Who’s blushing now, big guy?”
“They must be spoiled, then,” Victor says, wrinkling his nose as he sits on the stool next to him. “You’re stinking up the joint with your king of the jungle musk.”
The featherlike touch to his fingers runs through Dean’s body like a dynamite fuse. His eyes flutter open as his hands are gently pried off his face, and the first thing he registers is
"She's a good friend—just a little off,” Cas explains. “She makes a habit of popping in unannounced, usually with stuff I need. Sometimes I feel like she’s in my head.”
Sam looks pensive for a moment. “Alright, I think I've got enough info for now. I'll hit up the library tomorrow.”
Cas snorts, scooting back to the passenger seat. “God, I look fucked out…” he sighs, checking himself in the rearview mirror.
"I dunno, maybe he's one of those all-bark-no-bite types," he replies with a shrug. "The asshole had me seeing red, I'll tell you that.”
Dean gives an impressed whistle when he's instructed to pull up to the Museum of Natural History. "You work here?”
The drive to Jo's pub is short, and he parks in his usual spot before heading inside. The easy atmosphere shifts the moment Dean sets foot in the place, familiar faces of other regulars twisting into scowls as they throw him judgmental looks. A couple of people even leave their stools as he walks up to the bar. He's one second from checking whether he forgot to put on pants when Victor loudly announces himself.
He pulls himself into a sitting position, yanking off a post-it note stuck to his forehead. “Dammit, Victor…” he groans, squinting to read what it says.
“A nude." He paces back and forth in an oversized t-shirt, a pint of Ben&Jerry's in hand. “I can't believe I accidentally sent you a
“Whatever, I need your help," he says. "Remember how you used to obsess over that whole paranormal crap?”
“While you were sitting in the backseat with a bowl of ice cream you thought was gonna be your last—” A laugh bubbles out of Cas at his tweak in the lyrics, blue eyes glittering. Dean flubs a note. “—I was falling deep, deeply in love with you, and I never told you ‘til just now.”
, the butt-naked picture Cas apparently just sent him is still there, a couple of emojis strategically placed to conceal his nipples and groin area.
The kiss is as chaste as it is sensual. Castiel tastes like ambrosia, and Dean feels like he's sinking and soaring, choking and breathing, lost and found, all at once.
