The loud london streets were a medley of chaos as John ran out into them, waiting for Her impatiently. He tapped his foot on the pavement and looked around desperately. Where was that damned woman?! He spun round again to see if he could spot her from another direction for what felt like the hundredth time, and was startled to find exactly the person he was looking for almost walking straight into his back. There was The Woman dressed in her suit, her hair up in a messy bun. “There you bloody are, Irene I've been waiting ages!”
Sherlock smiled at him then suddenly climbed up on the bar and stood, swaying in a manner that made him seem convincingly pissed.
“Mmm, good, very dashing!” Leonard laughed and mussed John's hair. “Thank you, Johnny.” Len smiled and then in the same breath his eyes twinkled and he said to John, happily “Say, I've an idea! Why don't you...” – He reached into his pocket and took out two rings – “bring forth the rings for the ceremony. And Harry,” – he turned and grabbed some flower petals from a nearby table and put them in Harry's little (now destroyed) hat – “can be our little flower girl!”
“Will you still be wanting us to keep him away?” The other nurse asked, though Mycroft had a feeling she already knew the answer, having witnessed the whole situation.
John sighed and they laid there quietly for a moment, just sort of holding each other.
“John when you and I came into that pub I took a quick but comprehensive look around the crowd. It's a bit instinctual in my line of work. Dimock was not that drunk, clearly having arrived just a few minutes before you and I, but Carter was exceptionally pissed. I think we'll find that if we ask around the pub we'll be told by staff that he'd been there far longer than within our estimated time of death, which I'm assuming, from what you've told me, DI Dimock, was not too long before we arrived in town.”
“I don't know if I can do this, John, it's a big responsibility, you know? What if I'm not good enough? And I mean look at her she's bloody gorgeous and I'm just, just... And and – What if she gets bored of being with me becomes a lesbian and leaves me for some hot thin woman? What if she decides she misses home after all and she divorces me for wanting to stay in England and she takes the kids and leaves me alone with nothing but my shit job at the paper? I don't know if I can deal with that kind of pressure, John!”
“What?” Harry answered trying to look appalled and innocent all at once.
Their friend Lestrade chose that moment to peek around the corner and added “She's right you know. With that silver tongue of yours I bet you could rope anyone into bed with you. And you have covered some of the soppiest gay weddings I've ever seen, so I mean at least you know they lean the same way you do. Do you have any idea what you could be doing?” He waggled his eyebrows suggestively.
.” Sherlock continued, “And before you ask, no, he's not part of the wedding circuit. He does this all, apparently for the
“Harriet's looking very pretty.” Archie commented.
“– but if you don't, then you'll just be my brother, which is what it should be.” Harry hesitated, “Maybe... when I was young I needed you to help me or you needed to help me, but
“Fine. Give me your item.”
. How could he have missed it? There was always
Sherlock smirked, “Open bar... Anonymous sex with closeted groomsmen...”
“I don't understand.” Irene shrugged, “To what are you referring?”
I have decided on the last dances though
“Yes, dear, but that isn't exactly what you did, is it?” Irene said, “What you did was unleash twenty years of repressed feelings in one night. –It was entertaining, don't get me wrong– but if it was the right thing to do you'd feel better right now...” Irene put a soft hand on John's arm as he looked back down at the carpet, “Do you feel better right now?”
Molly gapes. It’s… it’s
“So... let me get this right, you would rather go have drinks with swimsuit models than come to my incredible doctor party?” John teased as he brought tea over.
John made his way into the New York Journal's offices following the instruction of a receptionist at the front. He had been glad to hear the Sherlock was still employed by the paper. John walked briskly to a corner desk in the back row, next to a few cubicles, that had a sleek metal name tag with the name 'William Sherlock Scott Holmes', neatly printed in gold letters. It was plain to see that this was where he worked, but John couldn't see any other sign of Sherlock anywhere. It was late at night, however, so there was a huge possibility that Sherlock had already gone home.
“Oh.” John answered, then smiled weakly, “Well... I've been better. I've been worse, mind you, but... I'm just going to try and get through it.”
John takes a moment to reply and Sherlock wonders if he’d fallen asleep.
John makes a deduction.
“Huddews!” Rosie exclaims as Mrs. Hudson lets herself in, carrying Sherlock’s customary morning tea.
“Satisfied?” Sherlock asks, not looking at John and still sounding angry.
John looked towards the bar and saw Mary whispering something into his sister's ear. Harry laughed flirtatiously.
John and Sherlock are silent once again, contemplating their entire conversation. Well, wasn't tonight a night of surprises for both of them? But there's just one thing John still doesn't know...
“I know! Alright, Sherlock? I know. I’ve tried giving him everything -money power - I even offered my own life! But he won’t take it. What he wants is impossible!”
––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
“You heard the lady,” Sherlock asserts, “a small plate of spaghetti for Miss Watson.”
doesn't understand societal boundaries,” he teased.
“So you think that whoever murdered her has access to the police records.”
Harry crossed her arms and glared at him, refusing to talk.
Sherlock walked into the offices of the London Journal, hot coffee in his hands and a new story already in his head. He'd hardly been able to sleep last night and had spent most of the evening deciphering and copying John Watson's schedule into his phone while making various notes and deductions about him from what he'd written in his journal. He felt like he held John's very life in his hands, and that was definitely more interesting than any of the stories he'd had to work on recently.
“This is none of your business.” John answered, pulling at the door. Sherlock stepped forward a bit, his face inches from John, and licked his lips. John looked down for a second and in his moment of distraction Sherlock pried the closet door open.
“Okay, February 12, 2010,” John said, looking at Sherlock.
that he didn't do it doesn't mean he has no data.”
that she told you the last time she spoke to you all those years ago. Aside from all that, she’s also…  my friend? Sort of? I mean she’s annoying but I quite enjoy her company.
,’ Molly thinks, panicking because Sherlock and John seem to be having a very intimate moment, dancing together and pulling themselves deeper and deeper into the throngs of people. ‘
“Ah-hah!” John says in triumph.
“Ooookay!” Irene's voice broke the silence as she joined John at the front of the room, “Alright, well that was certainly... an experience.” She pushed John towards out of the way and stood with her hands on her hips, awkwardly, “So... ummm... to keep the merriment going, Mary's godson, Archie, wanted to say a few words...” She gestured to Archie as he walked over, “So let's give a hand to Archie!”
“And ordered the favours?”
Those of you who've seen the film know that something involving singing a song while drunk happens but I thought murder would be better for John and Sherlock's bonding experience. Also I've been promising murder from the beginning and we've only had like three background mentions so... it's about fucking time.
. She's not one of your trashy wanna-be model girlfriends, Harry, she's a good person, and you cannot start a relationship based on lies!”
Sherlock looks completely lost, “How in the
his gesture responds.
Rosie actually is seated far too close, with her little face almost pressed to the screen while she watches Sherlock bow at the comments.
Sherlock's other hand crept under John's jaw and Sherlock gently tilted John's head up so he was looking at him again, “You
“You know what I think?” John asked, as he removed the glittering pig from the register list using his own scanner, “I think that all of your statistics and theories are just a smoke-screen.”
“Which I'd be happy to answer, by phone or e-mail.” John answered.
“Ah, now I understand, the infamous Holmes games.”
Mary smiled and blushed prettily. “Well, I'm going to pop round back and have a look at how Archie's finger work is coming along. He was having a bit of nerves about it this morning.”
When Sinatra’s voice starts to sing: “
Sherlock stares at the man with a carefully blank expression, “Not your problem,” He says flatly, “I’m not going to say it again –
“You can't make me drink it.” Sherlock said,
“Irene go take someone's blood sample or something.”
Greg walks down the halls of Scotland yard with a neatly organized packet of papers inside of a manila folder under his arm and a coffee cup in his hand. He’s just gotten the results from an autopsy for a the most recent case he’s working on. He makes his way somberly to his office to review the information. The crime was a bit gruesome, and he hates to be thinking about murder on a Saturday evening but such is the nature of the job.
“It’s not a date,” Sherlock replies softly, sounding a little defeated, “he’s living with someone- a woman. He would never… besides, he’s still vehemently in denial about the possibility of being bisexual. And… I’m just happy to see him, that’s all. And I like Rosie. I don’t mind her coming with us,” he ends a little lamely.
John eyes him suspiciously but doesn’t respond. Finally he opens the front door, realizing that he’s already running late to work and choosing not to pursue the subject further. “Well, alright. I’ll see you two later then.” He waves at them as he leaves, “Bye-Bye, Rosie, be good.”
“Ah... and you think the groom-to-be is a twat.” William smiled at John.
He’s so happy he could cry. Thinking that that might be a little too embarrassing for him he decides instead to pull John’s face towards himself, begging for another heated kiss. John surprises him however, and gives him something even better.
The man “Hmms,”, turning his attention to the dancers, “Beautiful, aren’t they?” he comments as a young blonde couple dance jauntily to a rock and roll song. They’re doing quite well, in Molly’s opinion, though admittedly, Molly hasn’t been paying that much attention. She claps along with the audience as the couple ends their number with an impressive lift.
“About Rosie knowing her name — don’t be angry with Molly. It was completely my fault. I—.” Sherlock stops, suddenly and takes a deep breath.
John has also obsessively been watching youtube clips of the apparent “sister show” that accompanies the dancing series called ‘It Takes Two,’ in which they show clips of the dancers rehearsing or other dramatic events. These had revealed that Sherlock would be dancing to a type of dance called a jive, which was often synonymous with rock and roll. The song he’d picked this week, however, was a mystery as they never seemed to play it during Sherlock’s rehearsal clips.
“Yeah, well, you're not that good.” John answered as the bartender complied.
spot inside him.
Anthea raised a brow.
. That’s how she
But seriously I had no idea they were going to get so sad. I was expecting Sherlock to have a string of lovers and being all devil-may-care about it while John was angry and like: no Sherlock you’re mine rarr! Like right from the get-go (which he is Kinda) but fuck me I guess I just like to see them suffer. Wow I’m a dick.
is the famous Doctor Watson. I wondered when Sherlock’s partner in crime-solving would be making his appearance. I was under the impression that the two were inseparable if the old blog was anything to go by. Oh, but would you look at that —! How close they are — Oh, this is
“But... but you write the most beautiful things.” John looked so disappointed as he asked, “Do you actually believe in love and marriage and just pretend to be a cynic or are you actually a cynic who knows how to spin romantic crap for saps like me?”
“Five,” John answers, and winces. He’d answered a bit too quickly. She doesn’t seem to notice though.
Sherlock smirks in return, a little more awake now. To John’s surprise he doesn’t argue, instead he responds with the word: “Touché,” and reaches for the tea, sipping lightly, then picks up some toast and chews, his other hand wrapped around an extremely cuddly Rosie.
It doesn’t work, he merely raises a brow and states, still with his false grin, “Yes, she is quite lovely isn’t she?”
When she detracts herself from his legs he kneels down to bow and kiss her little hand, “How do you do?” He asks.
John clicks the video.
“She’s getting taller.”
Mrs. Watson looked at her daughter kindly and took her hand, “Harriet, this is between you and John.” She spoke more sternly then, “I'm not a part of this. Now you two will settle down and talk like adults while I go upstairs and sort out a few things, and when I return the two of you had better be on speaking terms.” The old woman let go of Harry's hand and walked quickly up the stairs.
Mary whistled, red beard trotting into the room with a box tied to his neck. Mary took it off and walked over to Harry. Harry gasped in delight.
“I didn’t say anything,” She protests.
Taking the toys and the baby with her, Mrs. Hudson turns and gives him a wicked smile. While she exits 221B and makes her way down the stairs she comments, “And perhaps you’d like to have a shower as well?”
“If you’ll excuse me gentlemen,” Algernon says, in a gentlemanly voice, putting down his glass and grinning viciously at the giggling young man behind Sherlock, “I have a lesson to teach to an insolent little twerp!” That’s all the warning Sherlock gets before he’s shoved aside closer to John, who holds a hand out to steady him. His drink splashes some liquid onto Sherlock but John doesn’t have time to feel guilty as they watch Algernon chase after Dorian. The boy runs away towards the stairs, presumably to lose him, squealing, “No! Algy, no! I’m sorry! I shall fetch Ceci for you – just please, not the face! Not the
John stared into Sherlock's eyes the moment he exited the door and saw Sherlock doing the same. He beamed and almost shed a tear when he saw, apart from the relief of seeing John physically there, a look of unrestrained joy and love filling Sherlock's eyes as he made his way closer.
“Joseph. Second cousin- twice removed?”
The room clapped and Mary turned to Harriet, whispering, “So, it's safe to say you're not a vegetarian then?”
and Mrs.
There isn’t an answer. John sniffs. He toes off his shoes and walks past their bedroom, peeking inside on his way to Rosie's room to finally let the child sleep in her crib. He smiles when he sees the sleeping form of his adoring partner fast asleep in their own bed. They had attempted to go on their usual date night this evening, but she’d had a shift at the hospital and was exhausted. In the end they’d agreed to finish the date early for her come home while John picked up Rosie from Molly’s.
’ John asks.
This has all worked really well. Her maneuvers had even worked on Dorian Gray who had
It’s a late Saturday evening and Molly is honestly exhausted. She’s been watching over Rosie for John while he’s out on his date night with his girlfriend. Apparently, John had called Sherlock to ask him to babysit but had never received a response from the man and Mrs. Hudson was off visiting her sister this weekend so John had turned to Molly for help. He’d arrived almost three hours ago and would be back in another two. Before had John left on his date, John had  taken Molly aside and told her, in a slightly concerned voice, that he hasn’t heard much from Sherlock for almost two months and asked her if she knew anything of him, and whether she thought he should be worried. He had claimed he’d checked up on him but that Sherlock had seemed distant and aloof yet somehow still his usual self. John was curious about whether or not Molly had information for him. Molly didn’t, however, she
Sherlock took out some latex gloves from his pocket ('
,’ Molly thinks because only a complete psychopath would be so elated at the thought of his friend’s misery. “Why do you sound so pleased?” Molly asks him.
“Well thank god there's the one part of my life you don't have to take care of for me, right John?”
“Because that’s how we talk to each other. She flirts and I aggressively turn her down, but we keep tabs on each other and make sure that our friend is okay, and when our friend needs help or support, we offer it, because that’s what
“I have no idea what you're talking about.” Harry stated, confused as she stood looking at John.
’ — yeah I saw it.” Greg recalls the bottle that he’d spotted nestled amongst an assortment of beauty products in various states of consumption when he’d gone to use the loo as he’d waited for the rest of them to get prettied up for the party.
“I thought you didn’t like Sherlock,” John finally expresses while the program continues on in the background, moving on to the comments of the blonde judge, Darcey.
“Alright?” Lestrade asks quietly, leaning into Sherlock’s space and allowing one of his arms to come down and rest on Sherlock’s shoulder in greeting.
The angry marriage hater! Heheheh. Sherlock is such a little shit. Also Harry: sassy bitch.
Sherlock leans forward and rubs a hand on his forehead, a slight grimace on his face at the misunderstanding, “Okay,
“Oh, it’s not a worry, love, not a worry at all. I’ll take her downstairs with me for a biscuit and a cuddle while you pack up her things. You can come pick her up when you’re ready,” she says, taking the baby as Sherlock hands her over, still eyeing Mrs. Hudson.
Irene looked at him,
again as John changes his dance from innocent to something that he doesn’t realize looks borderline sinful for those that can actually see him.
John rolled his eyes.
John frowned, whispering back, “We're not going to need it, are we?”
John nodded, relief spreading towards his entire body “Sure. Of course, Mary, if you're sure.”
“You’ve been sampling from a pool relatively above the average amount of times others in your circumstances would have, yet you are not enjoying yourself. Perhaps it is a matter of quality as opposed to quantity with you. I’m not quite sure. I think I need more data. Have you tried any women or just men?”
Sherlock holds on to John’s hand and Rosie extends her free one so that John can hold it while Sherlock holds her and moves in a light bouncing rhythm to the song, mostly swaying his upper body from side to side. Rosie claps happily along as Sherlock and John improvise a silly dance with her between them. John comically twirls away only to be pulled back by Sherlock’s arm and they laugh as Sherlock raises their joined hands and lowers himself to pretend to be spun for Rosie’s entertainment.
John arrived at the caterer's a little later than Mary. She was sat at a table alone in the empty restaurant as she waited for him to arrive.
Unlike Rosie, Molly isn’t quite sleepy yet, so she sits down on the couch and turns on the telly, the baby monitor sitting just within reach while Rosie snores the night away softly in a portable crib in Molly’s bedroom. Molly flips through the channels with a bored sigh, resting her hand on her chin until she finally settles on what looks like the familiar flashy stage of Strictly Come Dancing. Molly pouts, the show is one of her guilty pleasures. She’d forgotten all about it this year and hasn’t kept up with who this year’s celebrity dancers will be. She’s a little disappointed at that but decides she may as well carry on. It looks like this is only the middle of the first episode, so she’s probably not missed much.
Irene peaked her head into the room, “Everything looks perfect,” She walked over to John, hugging him, “and this suit, the best part of it is I can always keep it and wear it to another party.” She smirked as she pulled away from him.
“I think you want a wedding, not a marriage,
“I think she's having fun.” Bill had smiled.
“Oh, filthy mouth, I like it,” She smirks, then before Sherlock can reply, “I brought you coffee and paracetamol, my little grumbly gremlin,” (she hands each to Sherlock and he accepts them gratefully), “also it’s almost midday and we have to go down to shoot our rehearsal — oh and your little mouse says she can’t come because she’s watching over John’s offspring.”
“Hmm, yes, they're all pretty relaxed now. Keep drinking. I've an idea.” Sherlock jumped off the bar clumsily and stumbled over to a jukebox which had been steadily playing music the whole night.
He looked over at another cubicle where a handsome man in his mid-forties with salt and pepper hair talked with a mousy young woman and a slightly older, pretty yet severe looking woman in hushed tones. “Excuse me,” John said, with an apologetic look at them, “I'm sorry, but would any of you happen to know where Will- Sherl... Where um... Sherlock Holmes could possibly... be...?”
“Starving.” John answered with a grin.
Sherlock gave John a look of confused amusement.
Brushing those ideas out of his mind he finally says, “I understand. Probably a good call,” he pauses, “anyway I’d best be off. Gotta get this little one into her own bed.” He shakes Molly’s hand in goodbye, “Thanks again for watching her, Molly. And um... thanks for showing me. About Sherlock I mean.” It’s his turn for an odd nervous laugh, “It’s a weird thing to find out but still good to know. At least it explains why I haven’t heard much from him.”
“You could have just spoken to her in privacy.” Irene said gently as John picked up his wine from the counter next to him and took a large mouthful, “I don't claim to own a moral compass that points exactly due North but... if I say something doesn't seem right, then something's definitely gone wrong.”
p.p.s. Songs for this chapter:
Sherlock, to his credit, doesn’t respond negatively and Irene mentally commends him for his cordial demeanor as he responds, “Oh you’ll be fine. I’ll keep you updated as things progress…. or don’t, ha.”
Mary joined in his laughter, “Nice touch,” She said, “Alright, look, I'm going to go to the bar and grab a couple of drinks, you need want anything? A little liquid courage? Maybe something a little stronger for you” Mary said, looking at Irene.
John huffs at his choice of words and kicks Sherlock slightly under the table, “Please, it was cute and you know it.”
life is any of
John doesn’t know what he may have done to annoy Sherlock this time, but he doesn’t feel right leaving things like this. It bothers him, for some reason - the thought that Sherlock might be annoyed with him. Even worse is the thought that he might be relieved not to have to spend time with John. The thought worries him because... well what if Sherlock has decided that he’s still mad at John for... - and John realizes with horror that... well, maybe that’s just it, isn’t it? Maybe Sherlock hasn’t entirely forgiven John for all the pain he’s put him through. Sherlock went to hell and back to restore their friendship after Mary but... maybe John hasn’t done enough to repair it himself. He’s never been particularly good at communication. Sherlock has to know that doesn’t he? That he’s sorry? After all, John had told Sherlock, that day when they were trapped with a bomb in the secret underground tunnel. He’d told Sherlock “I find it difficult, this sort of stuff.” Sherlock had to know how awful he felt for the way he’d hurt him... but then... maybe he didn’t, and maybe that’s why he seemed so angry. He sighs, putting and arm behind his head as he stares sleeplessly up at the ceiling. He should really just talk to Sherlock. Maybe he’ll go tomorrow before work... maybe apologize properly, or something? He can go see him with the excuse of using Mrs. Hudson to watch over Rosie again tomorrow. After all, he still hasn’t told the nanny that he’s back yet, and Mrs. Hudson never seems to mind watching Rosie - she even often complains that John has bothered getting her nanny at all. He makes up his mind then. He’ll go see Sherlock tomorrow morning, an hour before he has to start work. Hopefully he’ll be up by then so they can talk. If anything, John will find out why Sherlock seemed so distant, and if it wasn’t John that had annoyed him, maybe there’s something John can do to help.
Sherlock grins up at Irene shyly and when she gestures with a hand, he shows her the screen.
“Well, yes of course I do, I wasn't going to leave it in your car, was I?”
“Right. That's right, I understand.” John said, then stuffed the whole thing in his mouth gracelessly while looking between the two of them and chewing.
On the designated ‘battle-ground’ Dorian tries to make up for his clumsy attempts at being equally as sensual as Jack by making lewd faces and running his hands up and down his body to ‘
Please stay? Jesus, The East Wind must have done a number on him today. “We’ll be right outside in the living room.” John promises.
“I’m sorry, darling,” She whispers as they leave. In her mind, she begins to devise a plan to try and help Sherlock tomorrow evening. She will not have him pining for that idiot forever. She is going to gift wrap John Watson for her friend even if she has to resort to her dirtiest tricks.
“Sherlock, answer your stupid mobile phone,” Irene complains.
Week 7: Disco – Oh What A night: Franki Valli and the Four Seasons (Ben Liebrand Remix)
Sherlock and John exchange another look as they both think “Angelo,” before smiling at the waiter and thanking him. John makes sure to at least tip the man before they go, since Angelo had refused their payment for the meal.
Archie gave her a mischievous smile, “And after the wedding are you going to see her again?” He asked.
“Hmm, no that's definitely plenty.” Sherlock then turned his attention to John, “So, Doctor, what do you think?”
“No one else has ever mattered.” Sherlock responds, groaning as John licks a line up from his adam’s apple to the corner of his jaw in response, “Not like you do,” he adds.
John stammered, “N-no. No! I – I don't know why I'm arguing this with a perfect stranger but yes, marriage like everything good and important isn't easy. Cynicism on the other hand, always is.”
business.”
Mycroft frowned. If his deduction was correct, the male voice belonged to John Watson, and now here he was in hospital looking for some man while his little brother lay in a presumably comatose state due to a drug over-dose over that man. Mycroft stood then, fully intending to give the man a piece of his mind, perhaps even threaten him a bit. He wasn't one to show emotion too often, but the last time this had happened Mycroft had let the man get away and Sherlock had ended up worse off because of it. Mycroft would not make the same mistake twice. John Watson would not be another Victor. Mycroft would crush him under his shoe like a big before he did that to Sherlock.
“Brilliant.” John beamed, turning triumphantly to the girls who were both looking at him rather impressed.
“You haven't found the right guy...” John continued, (a raised eyebrow from Sherlock.) “You're afraid you never will...”
. What I
“That she is.” Mary agreed.
“Uh-huh,” Rosie says, choosing to go back to colouring while she speaks to him, “You keep it. It’s for you.”
The annoyed instructor rang the gong at the front of class, gesturing for Irene to shut-up.
John stood by his door, staring after her. “I love you too.” He whispered.
John sighed, taking off his seat-belt. “Fine, let's do that then.”
“There was a little village a few kilometres back... I could... go back...? Perhaps see if I can get to a telephone?” He offered.
“What? Do you think I’m falling for it?” John asks, sharing an amused look with Sherlock, “I’ve been here the whole time, young lady, you aren’t fooling anyone.”
reason to ask him. Did Dorian suspect the same of Henry as Molly and her friends? And If so, why are they still friends? And where does the servant fit into all of this? And who the
“Hey! What did I say about looking back here and freaking out! That's twenty pounds down the drain!” John yelled back.
Harriet!”
“Now, let's get in the car, why don't we, Mr. Holmes? I know you still have your keys. Open her up and settle in, I've a little treat for you.”
“Shut up, Sherlock! Shut-up! We're about to fucking die and you're sitting there making jokes, just shut the fuck u- AAAAHH SHHIIIITTT!!!”
Molly frowns. She’d seemed so charming a minute ago, “It’s fine. I can leave,” she says tersely.
That throws John into a fit of giggles and he replies, bringing up an old memory, “You’re the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done.”
, I don't see how
________________________
Irene’s eyes had teared up but she had smiled and nodded.
And so it was that John found himself back out in the rain while Sherlock held an umbrella borrowed from Mrs. Laurinston, walking towards a dead fucking body. They were a few paces away when Sherlock gasped.
John raises a brow, “Not much of a secret now, though is it?” He comments.
Sherlock grins and turns slightly to look in Irene’s direction. His smile grows from content to tender as she catches his eye and waves at him laughing before she turns to a woman beside her and kisses her full-on the mouth. Sherlock shakes his head and turns back towards his friends.
“What's going on?” Some one else asked. “This about that woman?”
that’s making a scene?”
John chuckled, “Alright, fine, I'll meet you downstairs. Just got to get out of my coat.”
John's frown deepened from confused to upset.
On the car ride home Harry regaled John with stories about her modelling adventures in New York and LA as well as about her most recent girlfriend... all the way from the airport to John's flat.
John quirked a lip in a stiff smile, “You're really alright?”
Just then Sherlock steps out from his bedroom, wearing nothing but one of his robes. His hair is still soaked from his shower and he looks positively delectable. Irene snaps a photo and sends it to her own phone.
“Good job Scotland Yard!” Dimock cheered, clapping them on the back, “Now you will be reimbursing me for the damages to the bike won't you?” He laughed and winked at Sherlock and John.
On his way to the bedroom John notices a stab-mark on the bathroom door, and another on Sherlock’s bedroom door. He huffs out a breath in exasperation, “Holmes,” he says quietly with a fond smile, despite his annoyance at his friend’s carelessness. As he approaches Sherlock’s door he notices that the door is slightly open. He quietly sneaks a peek inside and is relieved to find that Sherlock is fast asleep, alone in his bed. John slips away as quietly as he had come and makes his way to the kitchen, but not before checking up on Rosie again. Noticing she’s still sound asleep, John returns to his mission of making Sherlock something to eat.
“Don't you think it's just a whole lot of ritual for something that let's face it, is basically an excuse to give a job to the family idiot? Not to mention the unlikely chance that the couples actually stay together forever instead of the more likely divorce or in some more interesting cases, the adultery or murder that inevitably tears them apart?” Sherlock prodded.
“No,” Sherlock returns simply. ‘
like soy milk and volunteering, if I tried it... maybe.”
“Hello, I’m Sherlock Holmes,” He begins and the screen switches from the image of him sitting and smiling on a chair to a split screen of three different images of Sherlock, one of him doing a spin, one of him bowing and one of him with his hands steepled beneath his chin. “I’ve got an international reputation as a consulting detective. You might best know me from the famous blog run by my close friend and colleague, Dr. Watson,” Sherlock’s baritone voice says as the screen continues to switch back and forth through various images of Sherlock, mostly of him walking around London with his coat tails swishing or looking through comically sized magnifying glasses in a brightly coloured studio. “A couple of years ago I ran into some trouble with a man who, among other things, attempted to steal the crown jewels. I had to fake my own death after he framed me for various crimes but such is the danger of being a renowned crime-solving genius.” Sherlock laughs. He laughs! Molly is absolutely floored. Sherlock never talks like that. God, he seems so friendly and quite frankly it’s disturbing. “… what many people don’t know about me, though,” Sherlock continues in that eerily cheerful tone, “is that I quite love dancing. I took a few ballroom dance lessons as a child, but it’s been years since I’ve had the chance to actually do any proper dancing. I relish the idea of having the chance to do it now. I just hope my partner can put up with me. I’m told I can be a little difficult. But I’ve come on the show determined to recover some of that lost skill so I promise I will do my best and behave.” Sherlock ends his speech with a wink. A WINK!
“Or perhaps you could tell me, nurse, how my little brother is doing, seeing as how you have so much time.” Mycroft seethed at the woman.
Angelo greets them at the door with his usual booming hello and a great big hug for Sherlock. “My friend, it’s so good to see you back again!” He cries, “I was happy to get your call and I’ve set your table up for you just as you asked!”
Sherlock took it, examined it closely and sniffed it, wrinkling his nose a little. “Mmmmno, hates you. Can't even bear to think about you.”
John looks at her with an amused raised brow, “What?” He asks, confused by her answer. Had she just said
in distasteful encounters,” and he giggles and hides behind Sherlock when Algernon tries to hit him.
“-I know” John interrupted, “I just- I feel like I should have seen it coming, and I'm really so sorry.”
As Sherlock shakes his hand does he notices something odd about the man. He can’t quite place what it is, but the dark eyes seem to pierce into his soul. As the man’s cool fingers slip away Sherlock feels an involuntary shiver run down his spine. Sherlock gives the man one of his patented cursory glances and the deductions fly at him from every direction. Mid-forties, wealthy, a sensualist, an intellectual and somewhat flighty if his marriage to the young singer Dorian is currently doing shots with is any indication. The man wears a smile as Sherlock looks him over and his eyes don’t back down at Sherlock’s gaze as most people do. He appears oddly confident and almost comfortable with the scrutiny. Sherlock’s own eyes suddenly roam the club nervously, looking for Irene.
John tilts his head in confusion and Sherlock informs him, “Algernon has a made-up friend named Bunbury that he uses as an excuse to — shall we say —avoid distasteful encounters?”
“By herself?” Sherlock asks as Rosie seems to have drawn only one smiling face so far.
John rolls his eyes at the grouchy voice in his head, “Alright, Sherlock, good point,” he whispers, “though fuck if I know any of your habits with romantic partners,” he adds. ‘God, Watson, talking to yourself now?’ His own voice in his head asks. He shakes his thoughts away and decides to just go check the bedroom quietly. If Sherlock is with his boyfriend, John will do the decent thing and leave, and if he’s alone... well, maybe John will make him some tea and dinner. He’s sure Sherlock most likely hasn’t eaten.
Sherlock turns his face to the side and mumbles something.
“No problem.” John answered as the shut the door.
All the while Sherlock had been chanting his name, “John, John. John– please just let me explain –”
!” He says, tossing another piece of clothing at the naked man.
Sherlock merely took one of the foil packets and tore in open with his teeth. He crawled back a bit and made quick work of rolling the thing onto John's cock. He took a liberal amount of lube and grabbed at the base, slowly moving his slippery hand upwards to cover John with it. He smiled up at John shyly then and crawled forward to kiss John another time. This time the kiss was slow, sweet and warm. John ran a hand through his hair one more time and caressed Sherlock's cheek tenderly.
It was John's turn to be smug then. Seeing Sherlock blush like that brought a heat inside him and he smirked, grabbed both their cocks with his hand and pulled, “
“I understand completely, John. Soooo maybe I'll bump into you during morning yoga?” Seeing John's livid expression Sherlock quickly amended, “Maybe not. I'll see you around,” He nodded his goodbye and swaggered towards the exit waving at John without looking back.
“I don't–”
Sherlock lowered himself slowly, one hand on John's thigh for support behind him, his back arched and his legs spread as far as he could as he sank down over John using his second hand to guide him in. “Mmmmm” He groaned while John made an equally throaty sound as he entered the heat of Sherlock.
Molly frowns at Henry’s story— She had thought Dorian was currently in his early twenties. The man didn’t look a day over twenty, in fact. How could he have fallen in love ‘many years ago’ if he was in his early twenties now? Then again, Gray often did tell people he was older than he looked. If that was the case, she’d seriously have to ask him about his skin-care routine, because nothing about his fact looked unnatural. Then again, maybe his surgeons were just that good. She chooses to keep the question about his age to herself for the moment. She does, however, take the opportunity to ask about the girl. If the text Irene has sent her after Sherlock learned that Basil was a mutual acquaintance of theirs is true, then there might be something to the theory of Henry pushing away people Dorian loves. Who knows? Maybe Henry drove this girl mad himself. “How sad,” Molly mumbles, leaning slightly against Henry’s arm, “Did you ever meet her?”
Sherlock said nothing. Instead, he opened the door and got out. He was immediately soaked.
John nods in acknowledgment, taking a sip of his wine.
Sherlock grunts softly as he pushes back against the strong warm soft body behind him, his hands braced on his desk while the owner of that body grips his hips more forcefully than before.
,’ his gesture says.
“Oh! Fantastic, Rosie! Brilliant deductions!” John laughs.
John checked the front door of the flat for the fifth time that night, opening it and looking out into the hall just to be sure. Nope. No one. He slammed the door shut and resolved himself to going to sleep.
As Molly contemplates Sherlock’s ability to get in almost anywhere the show transitions to the celebrity interviews bit. Molly watches with rapt curiosity but she can hardly concentrate on the words of the other contestants as she waits for Sherlock’s turn on the screen. She’s incredibly nervous for him, her foot tapping impatiently and her mind thinking back on how worried she’d been before Sherlock had made his (admittedly touching, before the attempted murder bit happened) speech at John’s wedding and she chews on her thumbnail in apprehension. ‘
John doesn’t say anything until the poor frightened waiter stops talking, just stares at him evenly. To be honest John can’t really see what Sherlock saw in him. He’s rather short, like John, and yes, probably well built under that uniform, but his face isn’t particularly attractive. He looks like an ordinary bloke, his sandy blonde hair is cut short but in no particular style. “No.” John finally says, “I came to apologize. I was… bit not nice.”
“Yes.”
“You are, quite literally, the worst person I have ever known and I hate you,” Sherlock grumbles as he attempts to pull the covers over his face.
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say. John isn’t prone to long sentimental speeches, no matter how much he constantly advocates for sentiment himself, yet here he sits and he’s just told Sherlock that he cares for him. He’s just outright said it. He wants Sherlock to be happy. And just what the hell is Sherlock supposed to say to that? It’s not like he can just admit that John is the only constant thing that has ever made him truly happy. Sherlock mentally scolds himself for daring to hope John’s words might be headed elsewhere, but he’d said ‘friend’. He’d never in this moment hinted at anything more. Sherlock has no idea how to respond and as the silence grows between them he feels like the air has begun to thicken.
“Ha! I said it first, I win!” Harry exclaimed in glee and bounced over to the cupboard to get some biscuits.
“Shut up,” Sherlock says.
Sherlock spots Lord Henry soon enough. The man is standing, surrounded by a small group of people, spreading his hands grandly at some joke he’s obviously just made as they all laugh. Molly lets go of Sherlock’s arm and looks at her friend, her eyes questioning him with a very clear:
Sherlock and John suddenly ‘unfreeze’ and laugh happily with her, praising her for her good job. Rosie grins smugly and babbles proudly.
“Don't ask.” Sherlock said, looking away.
Ha... So originally this and chapter 6 and what will be chapter 8 were going to be one chapter but I realized as I wrote them that no... I had to split them up a bit, so I hope you enjoy this one. I was giggling like a dork when I wrote it so I also hope it makes you laugh.
“Irene’s back,” John utters involuntarily.
John stood staring more closely, “You cut up da's wedding tux?”
pps. technically four parts but the last part is really really short.
“I won’t be long,” Molly calls, practically sprinting to get the baby as John cautiously walks into her living room.
he thought as he looked at the front door for the hundredth time tonight.
Sherlock and John looked at each other, but Sherlock spoke first, a sly smile on his face, “You're right... I'm sure they will, after all they owe you for catching them their serial killer. Now, if you wouldn't mind, detective I am exhausted. I'd love to come in and make my statement in the morning. John and I need someplace to stay the night, though, of course.”
“Don't,” John spoke first, “Say. Anything.”
John giggled.
Sherlock glared for a moment then hit him in the face and left, fuming.
“The Best Man is a peculiar gentleman,” Sherlock said into a little recording device he held up to his lips as he closed the door behind him, following John into the flat. “So, tell me how you feel about Harry's whirlwind romance?” He asked, leaning against the refrigerator as John went back to washing his dishes.
_______________________
“Wow, he’s pretty good i’nnee?” Greg says out loud as he watches a video that was apparently posted a few days ago, according to the date below the video link. In the video, Sherlock is dressed in a black suit with a crisp white shirt and a flashy gold tie. He wears matching shoes and the woman dancing with him wears a short sparkly tasseled golden dress. Sherlock’s hair is combed and gelled to an old-fashioned style as he and his partner dance to the tune of a song styled like something from the nineteen-twenties.
Harry looked down, she couldn't look John in the eye for a second and she hesitated until she found her courage and looked at him imploringly, whispering, “Y-you're only going to say what I wrote, right?”
” Irene wants to hit them over the head with it, ‘
why Sherlock hadn’t answered John’s calls. Of
“Shit... Sherlock... I'm... so sorry it was just a guess.”
John sighed and moved away from the door, “Could we just get this over with, please?” He asked, sounding exasperated.
” And of course, John was never sure about Sherlock’s sexual preferences in terms of gender.
Now, you've got to stop all that. Stop taking care of me... of
Sherlock looks to Irene and gestures a question at her with his eyebrow. Irene just smiles and shrugs, wrapping an arm around his stomach and sprawls on him as well, “I do insist,” she replies.
“You tell ‘em, tiger,” Irene comments.
“Yes, well.” Sherlock says, uncomfortably, “There’s always something.” (‘
John smirks, “It’s breakfast food, yeah, but it’s dinner time. And it’s not my fault all you have is eggs, bread and bacon.”
John seems to hesitate, “Well, um, yes actually, if you’re sure.”
called him Humphrey because I had a lisp!”
“Amazing.” John said, looking at Sherlock in admiration.
“Irene is here because of a case,” Sherlock starts,  “There’s this man — he’s threatening her girlfriend and some of her friends. The man is looking for someone named Hallward, and he thinks Irene can get to him somehow. Irene tried but since it’s Kate’s life on the line she told me she’d prefer my help. To tell the truth, we’ve been working on this for ages but the two of us are almost stuck.” He takes a bite of his food and waits until John has fed Rosie to continue.
Molly still hasn’t let Sherlock know she’s been obsessively watching him on tv though, and while she’s feeling a little star struck especially under Iris’ scrutinizing and playful gaze she decides to attempt to make it look like she doesn’t know who the beautiful woman is. She stumbles nervously and, looking to Sherlock, she says with a light little giggle, “So, um, who’s this then? Client?”
“Pleasure's all mine, Mr. Holmes, I'm so sorry, it's the hospital, I've got to take this,” Mary apologized and opened up her mobile, “Sorry, Hi, yes, what's going on?”
Sherlock at once gives up struggling and hums into the embrace, freeing his hands and wrapping his arms around John’s neck. They begin a slow luxurious writhing as they kiss, lazily rubbing against each other in the morning’s bliss... that is, until suddenly they hear a loud thunk followed by the crash of something plastic breaking upstairs. The sound is followed by the high-pitched and distinct voice of little Rosie Watson, screeching: “SHEWWWAAAAAAHHH!!! WHE AAAHHHH YOOOOUUUUUU!!!”
Yeah so I didn’t think the last one would be that sad. I’m trying to speed this along to get them together but it’s hard to do with all the damage Moftiss have done to them. Fixing them is not easy. Still, here goes nothing...
“What the fuck, Irene?”
gay, Sherlock -“ at Sherlock’s look of utter confusion he adds, ”look I suppose if we’re labeling it I’m about half-way on the er, Kinsey scale -
The sweet little thing squeaked as she blushed and pulled her hand back in surprise, “Um, I'm... your...? um... well, maybe? Yes? Sorry, that was rude... I-” The girl extended her hand to Irene in a friendly gesture, “I'm Molly...” She said, blushing as Irene smiled and kissed her hand again.
), groaning, swearing and, (Sherlock hoped) when he came, Sherlock's name.
either,” John replies, gesturing towards Dorian as the boy runs a hand into his blond locks to push them out of his face and grin mischievously at Jack while he faces him. John and Algernon, meanwhile, start to shift closer so that one of them will be ready to tag in when Sherlock comes on. John isn’t sure he wants to try dancing with Sherlock for this – it had been awkward enough trying not to touch him while they had been searching for Jack earlier. Now all these eyes would be on them, and John knew that Sherlock’s talk about John’s lack of dancing prowess was only all too correct. This would be embarrassing as hell. Still, he felt like if he didn’t then Jack and Moncrieff might not be too pleased with him, and it would be more difficult to get them to be friendly with him if they think he’s a coward. Probably. John’s not sure how celebrities make friends but he figures it’s probably better for the case if he at least gives it a go.
Harry stood in the bridal shop dressed in a little white bustier and a silk under-skirt and holding a clipboard as she spoke to the seamstress while John walked in.
“Please, John if Little Watson manages to outsmart me when she’s fourteen she’ll
want that story printed! I begged Mycroft not to run it but he did anyway, to spite me. I never meant– I didn't want to hurt you, John... I–”
A silence waved over the church as Harriet and Molly walked in from each side of the church aisles (one from the north aisle [left] and the other from the south aisle [right]) each holding a bouquet, followed by Archie who walked alone down the centre, holding the rings in a pillow before him.
The man grins at her and takes her hand in his, lifting it to his lips, “Henry Wotton,” he says, “Charmed.”
“Hmm, we did. Though you were a little rusty in terms of army knowledge, it seems.” Sherlock teased.
“‘Sentiment is a chemical defect found on the losing side.’” Sherlock quotes himself, knowing John will have no idea what he’s talking about (since he wasn’t there at the time he spoke those words to Irene), “having said that... mummi seemed to enjoy it and I... well. I cared for mummi so I watched it with her.
She hands the phone back to Sherlock just as John’s message arrives,
Sherlock chuckles, “Yes, I am quite lucky to have them.” He waves his hand at them shyly.
Sherlock smiled at him, “Even with the rain I could tell that she has her jewelry regularly cleaned. Her wedding ring, however wasn't as shiny as the rest. It's a bit dirtier than the rest, suggesting she touches it often, when I removed it I noticed that the inside of the ring was clean, though. Therefore the only polishing it gets is when she works it off her finger. Regularly removed, then, logical assumption, affair. And as for Carter, well, so far Dimock tells us he's the only one she really spent much time with. He was quick to blame his wife. He has something to feel guilty of doing to his wife which might lead her to exact revenge. Then there's Mrs. Laurinston, who told us Jennifer Wilson had had a fight with her boyfriend,
John emerged from the room in a few minutes wearing the it, “See? It's not so bad, and the belt is really very flattering -” Sherlock's mobile made a snapping sound and a light flashed as he took a photo.
“Hmm, very mature of you Harry, thank you.” John said with slight sarcasm.
John smiled, “Yes, yes, of course, I'll get it.”
“John!” Harry turned to him, her turn to be mortified.
“Yes John, that's what Mary wants, a
For some reason, even though Rosie appears to be falling asleep, Sherlock doesn’t let go of John’s hand, and so John doesn’t let go of his. Sherlock keeps them swaying at a slower rhythm, this time moving gently from side to side, presumably to continue rocking the child to sleep. It seems to be working as her hand slips out of John’s and curls up to hold onto the front of Sherlock’s shirt. Her head is nestled between Sherlock’s head and chest and her breaths begin to become more even as she starts to fall asleep. John slips his hand onto her back and continues to sway along with Sherlock, the only noise in the room now coming from the steady voice of the singer and the soft instruments along with a slight creaking of the floor as they move.
“No one!” Harry smiled, “Let's talk in the hall!”
“Uh-huh,” is Sherlock’s third one-word answer, that is, if you can count that as a word.
----------
John’s text comes quickly,
“What?” John asked, and made his way over to open it. He gestured for Sherlock to walk in.
John rolled his eyes. “Fine...Um, well...” He rifled through the closet and took out an olive green jacket that appeared to be made of taffeta, a white shirt, cream paisley patterned sash belt and a pair of tan slacks, “This one, this one is quite...”
Sherlock had spotted his suspect leave a few minutes after he and John had gotten mixed up in the dance floor together.
Tess grins, holding her microphone close, “You’ve got quite a lot of happy fans here this evening!”
Silence over powered the room once more until John turned, finally, and snuggled into Sherlock again. “Thank you. For ... for um...”
“No.” John said.
she thinks, not for the first time, and likely not the last.
Sherlock takes a long time to answer all of a sudden, and John re-reads his message.
“Do you know that the only reason he entered this competition was to meet Cecily? He saw her dance on stage last year and he was completely fascinated with her. Oh, he would go on for days about the beauty of her hair — the strength in her small frame — her grace — her eyes — why, there was not a thing about her that he did not love. Dorian has always been like that. Many years ago, when he was only about… oh, twenty years, he fell in love with a singing actress. He almost married her, in fact. She was a pretty little thing. Just around his own age, I think, if not younger, but from one night to the other he’d decided he no longer loved her. She’d disappointed him in some way. I can’t quite remember if it was the horrible singing or the terrible acting that made him change his mind about her. What I do remember are the dramatics. Oh, how he wailed on about how falsely love had made him see her. And then, of course, the poor girl attempted suicide. I hear she went quite mad after that. She’s been locked away in a facility for years. Dorian was wracked with grief when he heard about it. Of course, a few weeks later he was falling over his own feet at the sight of a ballet dancer with an exceptionally chiseled jaw and muscular thighs. I never heard him speak another word about his tragic heroine after that. He can be quite dramatic.”
Sherlock replies,
“Please,” Sherlock had tried, looking at her hopefully.
John just looked at him. He couldn't move, refused to be 'taken care of', by Sherlock Holmes.
John looked around the shop guiltily, then brought his gaze back to Sherlock, “... You want to find the ugliest things in the store and register Harry for them?” He asked, by way of apology.
“No, no, thank
John recalled the fun he and the men had had playing at warriors for the photo shoot and how beautiful the traditional wedding had turned out to be.
Sherlock sniffs, “Not verbatim.”
close.”
The woman glared in return, but complied, “Yes, Mr. Holmes. Right away.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock stood as well, “...I... would you like some...? That is... I...”
“If I wanted anonymous sex with strange gay men I'd join grindr.” Sherlock deadpanned. “Besides, it's not going to matter much longer anyway. You're looking at my ticket out of taffeta hell!” Sherlock held up the little black diary with clear and obvious excitement.
But Sherlock isn’t listening – he is not having any of this shit anymore. He loves John Watson but he will no longer allow John to blame him for any of the stupid conclusions that his silly little brain comes up with. No, Sherlock Holmes is not going to put up with this. He is livid, “–Really, John?” Sherlock continues, speaking rapidly, “I’m the one making a scene? You start looking at our waiter as if you’re going to kill him the minute he speaks to me with an ounce of familiarity, making me have to go through the trouble of removing him from our presence before you smash your fist into his face (or whatever it is you were tempted to do just then) and when I return you start questioning me about it as if I have done something wrong? No, Doctor Watson, I rather think if anyone here is causing a scene it isn’t me who’s doing it.”
reply to her?” John murmurs in return, “You told me yourself: ‘
again, 'Sherlock I never do this, I never do this, I
the right to get away with it,” Sherlock returns, as he takes  Rosie into his arms and favours her with their ritual Eskimo kiss, “Won’t you, darling?”
Ps. I have no idea where Sherlock is finding these surpringly nice guys for one-night-stands. Lol.
Sherlock turns his attention back to Rosie for a second to feed her, smiling softly. “I’m very sure, John. Enjoy your risotto, please.”
“Really? Which part? The forced merriment? The horrible music or the bad food? Perhaps it's the pointless celebration of all that is false? The irrational sentimentality in this ailing and morally compromised world? The honouring of the deathwatch that is the doom of our society and in time, certainly, our entire species?”
“Why you impish little thing, you know better than that,” Sherlock scolds her, though there isn’t a lick of harshness in his voice.
knows of is kind of small. John could only think of three straight men who had ever called Sherlock a ‘friend’: There was Sebastian Wilkes, who had called Sherlock his ‘chum’ (though he had been a dick and John sincerely hoped, for Sherlock’s sake it wasn’t him he was pining after), then there was Phillip Anderson (which would be a tremendous surprise for everyone, because that is so incredibly unlikely), and Greg Lestrade (which would be the most likely suspect, John supposed considering their long standing relationship, but confusing as hell because Sherlock maintains, to this day, that he cannot remember Greg’s first name - of course this could be an elaborate way for Sherlock to hide his feelings...)
was helpful! Clearly something must be wrong with my robot eyes because I didn't manage to see that as we fucking flew past it!” Sherlock's anger was boiled out of him and he seethed, “In all seriousness, John, do you think you could slow down
Uh - sweats profusely - I might have to change this into an official "cross over" fic because Dorian Gray, Henry, Algy, Ceci and the rest of the Wilde gang have all become official not-in-the background characters. You don't need to have read any of their stories for the next few chapters to make sense, though so don't worry. Um but if you've never read Dorian Gray... I will be spoiling one thing for you – though I have changed many details of his story to fit mine. And it's probably better you guys don't get emotionally attached to any of them because at least one or more of them is going to ... not live till the end. Probably. I want to kill one or two. I already killed Basil and he didn't even get any lines (he's also my favorite ;-;) so... *shrugs*
“Sorry - Sorry, I —” he tries to explain but can’t. What would he say?
And if that doesn’t melt the heart of everyone in that room, Sherlock doesn’t know what would. “Yes, Miss Watson, now we dance,” he says, kissing her head. Irene connects Sherlock’s phone to the Bluetooth speaker hidden on his desk and plays a recording of the song Sherlock has been working to cover on the violin for their waltz. Sherlock smiles at her and begins to sway with Rosie to the music. Rosie claps delightedly. The song is soft and calming and sweet just like the moment and Sherlock wishes it could last forever.
“Er, yeah,” John says, vaguely remembering what the women had told them when they’d slammed their way into the flat last weekend, “Didn’t they say he was probably dead?”
Sherlock brings Rosie over to the couch and finds the telly still on. He switches channels distractedly until he finds something on that’s appropriate for her age. Rosie cheers and settles in to watch, one of her little arms wrapped around what she can reach of his waist and her head resting on his belly. Sherlock holds her close, thinking of her father. He feels his whole body tingle with warmth at the memory of John kissing him right here last night. He touches his fingers to his lips. He could still taste him, and it wasn’t just because John had kissed him again (again!!!) this morning after a brilliant night of ... well. And he had slept in Sherlock’s bed with him. He’d held him throughout the night and stayed till morning. John had even been so bold as to bring their relationship into more serious territory. He’d almost said
dancing) really is as devastating to his already weakened constitution as the images of him dancing on video had been. How the man manages to look so perfect, moving the way he is at his age is beyond John. The fantasy is, of course, immediately shattered as someone behind Sherlock at first places a hand on his hip and then slowly crawls it up from his waist towards his chest. Sherlock, for his part is swirling his hips forward and leaning back against the person touching him, one arm raised so that his hand is behind his neck while he moves while the other swings rhythmically by his thigh and seems to be snapping along with the bass. As he moves he turns slowly to face the person grabbing him and then, as Sherlock lowers himself to allow the boy to talk to him John sees exactly who it is that Sherlock is dancing with.
“He’s
“Oh hush, it's a compliment. Now, as for my brides
” The last word is practically a growl, all teeth and fury.
Sherlock dutifully took the photo while trying very hard not to collapse.
“Actually it's meeting up-beat people like yourself.” John gave Sherlock a smile that didn't quite reach his eyes.
Sherlock, the cheeky little shit, grins, “Yyyyyep,” he says popping the last letter of the word for the ultimate annoyance factor.
A low melodious laugh reaches them, even above the blaringly loud music, and a deep voice from somewhere behind Sherlock says, “Don’t listen to the big bad man, Dorian, I will do no such thing. You go on and enjoy the pleasures of life while you’re still young.”
John lifted a brow, “Right, well fun as that all sounds I can't. I've got to pick Harry up from the airport.”
John shakes his head, no longer paying attention to the show in favor of this random argument that is apparently happening now, “What? No! I just – Rosie’s sitting too close to the telly, I was distracted -!” He defends,
, he thinks to himself, because what the hell is that about? He looks away quickly, turning his gaze to the people behind Sherlock and coughs awkwardly, “No, I suppose not,” he mumbles awkwardly.
“Yes, well, I hope you don’t mind if I leave the dancefloor for a bit, Dorian,” Sherlock says loudly, “I’m afraid the good Doctor has two left feet and I could really use another drink.”
“‘M ‘fraid so.” John answers spreading his hands out in a show of defeat.
Tess, gaping passes the Microphone to Sherlock and Irene. Irene takes it cautiously and the audience cheers for her encouragingly. Clearly trying to rile Craig up and hoping Irene will fight back, but she doesn’t. In her thick (fake) Russian accent she says, simply, “Understood, spasibo,” She offers Sherlock the microphone. John holds his breath ready to wince at what Sherlock will say. He prays that the man can hold in any deductions he might be thinking of. Sherlock, apparently, hears John’s prayers, as he answers, “Yes, thank you, Craig, we’ll do better next time.”
that?”
“Frazzled?” Molly asked, “You're sure he looked... frazzled?”
“Sorry?” Harry's asked, “You humiliated me in front of every single person that we know, and you think you can just say,
Rosie beams are the suggestion and exclaims: “YES! Three, please!”
John answers.
He met Molly by the elevator on the way in “...and there's been another serial suicide, did you hear? Absolutely dreadful business.” She prattled on.
It was Sherlock who eventually pulled them both up, saying only the word “Bed” in explanation.
The expression of incredulity on John’s face reminds Sherlock of the first night they’d met, when Sherlock had admitted to being a junky.
John frowns at that — Irene gets ready in Sherlock’s bedroom?
John shuts off the telly and lies back on the hotel bed. He sighs and rubs a hand over his face, suddenly feeling very tired. He picks his phone back up and scrolls through the few contacts on it. Somehow, he finds himself tapping on Sherlock’s name.
John looks at the cab and shrugs, “Sure, yeah, thank you, Molly.”
John has texted Mrs. Hudson early on this morning, asking her for permission to bring Rosie over. She’s already answered with a very enthusiastic “Yes,” so John is basically at 221 Baker Street at a quarter past eight in the morning. He doesn’t have to be at work until ten so this gives him plenty of time to speak with Sherlock. John’s hands feel incredibly steady and he feels a rush of adrenaline much like how he feels when he’s about to rush headlong into danger. Mrs. Hudson gets the door, a happy smile on her face as she takes the still sleeping Rosie into 221A with her. “Oh, she’s such a love.” She coos. “I’ll put her straight to sleep right next to me by the couch.”
“What? Was that an odd thing to say?” Dorian asks, looking up at Sherlock from under his lashes, his head almost resting on Sherlock’s shoulder.
Sherlock stood and grabbed his things as fast as he could. He had to make it to where John and Mary were before they finished. He
“Well
Irene frowns a bit at Rosie’s address and looks disturbed for a second, but she nods politely and closes the door behind her as she goes.
_______________________
Irene smacked John.
Sherlock sighs, getting up to press his forehead against one of the windows. It has been exactly two years since the whole business with Mary’s death along with Eurus’ kidnapping of John Watson and John has since abandoned Sherlock in favour of another boring potential wife. Sherlock can’t be bothered to remember her name. He deletes any information he receives about her as soon as he gets it. He supposes that it was bound to happen again eventually, though, John having one more go at a normal civilian life. He does have a baby to care for on his own now, after all and Sherlock’s lifestyle is hardly an environment in which ‘normal’ or ‘sane’ people would want to raise their child. Sherlock thinks it’s rather unfair, to be honest, because Sherlock would give his life to protect John’s progeny - to teach her and guide her would be an experiment he would be curious to perform - but at the same time he can hardly fault the man for wanting to keep his baby away from him. Sherlock has a way of destroying everything he touches, if not directly, then by indirect contact. Even knowing the logic behind John’s actions, Sherlock can’t help the ache in his heart as his mind conjures unwanted images of John with a faceless woman, fingers skimming down her skin, holding her, embracing her. Her lips grazing his lips…
“Oh no! Is he hurt? I'll help you find him!” The nurse practically squealed.
John looks at Sherlock quizzically, “You asked Mycroft for help?”
“Could you...?” Sherlock addressed the Cabby,
Tonight, as he dances, he remembers the vision clearly. He’s not dancing with a woman tonight. He’s not dancing for her or for the case. He is dancing for the person he was thinking of when he chose his music for the competition. It’s terribly sentimental of him, and he almost hates the vulnerability he has to put forward, out in the open for thousands of viewers to see plain on his face, but he needs to keep his cover. He dances like he’s never danced before, the adrenaline keeping his energy levels high with each hop, jump and step. They twist and turn, they separate and trot to the beat and come back together into perfect hold. Step this way, and now that way, back and forth, this side to that side. The dance is exhausting and with every little bounce Sherlock lets his body take control, lets his mind relax with the words.
John giggles and Rosie joins him, despite not really knowing why John is laughing.
Once on the road he was lost, though. There was no clue which way Sherlock had been taken. John knew there was at least one fork on the road coming up the way they'd come as he and Sherlock had seen it when they'd been jogging their way towards the lights of the village pub. John knew he was driving the bike way too fast in this rain, but he couldn't help it in his panic. He only hoped he wouldn't crash the bike this time. He'd be less likely to survive a crash with so little to protect him.
It’s John’s turn to groan now and he does so with abandon, allowing Sherlock to tilt his head further, deepening their already sinking kiss. Sherlock continues to run his hands and fingers up and down John’s torso and his arms as John lowers them to take hold of Sherlock’s perfect slender hips, his thumbs rubbing small circles in reciprocation and approval of Sherlock’s touch. Sherlock grows bolder and growling into John’s mouth and teasing his nipples again.
Victor–”
John laughs with him, “Yep, our team is fucked. Do we all pitch in for drinks or do we take it out on Mr. Moncrieff for opening his big mouth?”
ps. I like the part where Sherlock says Wohn Jatson. The silly egg.
“Taxi! Taxi...! Over here!” He yelled, extending his hand. A shiny black taxi pulled up to the curb in just under two seconds. John thanked his royal stars and jumped in, giving the cabby the address.
John just stood there, his expression blank.
“As you all know,” Sherlock announced, “My partner Wohn Jatson – sorry no... that's wrong... Wat Johnson– no, no!
Sherlock smiled, “Right, of course not.” he agreed, and beamed at John again.
"But, Jennifer Wilson... you killed her for more than the reasons you killed the others in London. The others may or may not have been having affairs. It's why you kill them, because they're having affairs. Poisoning a marriage or their own like your father poisoned his. He hurt your mother, the endless romantic. And she, she committed suicide after he broke that locket like he broke her heart. The police may have made note of it if they knew of the affairs, but they only knew of one. They made note of it but discarded it as they only knew about Sir Jeffrey Patterson but the police didn't know that either Beth Davenport or James Phillimore were parts of an affair with married people. You knew because you'd driven them from one incriminating destination to another. Normally you work in London but you came to see your sister after dropping Jennifer Wilson off. You didn't know she was a serial adulteress at first. How could you? So you brought her to town and went to see your sister, then your sister tells you something. She's suspicious of her husband having an affair. You plan his murder but you go back to London first, for work, then a few days later you come back and find your sister confronting the woman in her kitchen. Your little sister. The one you cared for after your father left you two to fend for yourselves when your mother died and now Jennifer was destroying not only
“Ugh. Stop,” she says, looking happy for him despite her words, “The idiot probably doesn’t even realize it’s a date. He’ll probably bring his daughter. Invite Molly over tomorrow evening and tell him she’s staying with me to read over some case files or something. Maybe he’ll be willing to leave the child so you two can be alone.”
“What's to not love about a man who asked me if I'd grown a pair all through my teen years?”
Sherlock takes the opportunity to pretend he’s enjoying a moment to relax and texts John to let him know he’s at the club.
“the florist, the bloody bakery, and to
” John exclaimed, “it
––––––––––––
didn't mind all that much, not with the way Sherlock Holmes was bloody
Apologies for the ensuing angst.
Sherlock smiled, “You think so?”
“Oh it's not a problem dear, none at all.” She stood too and got them their coats. “I hope you find them, whoever did that. Dreadful business,” She said.
Sherlock stared at him, his eyes searching John for a long moment.
John's lip turned up sadly as he moved to sit next to her, an arm around her shoulder, “I know...”
“Awwww” Molly cooed, “Sherlock how do you say all that in just one breath and stand there telling me you don't believe in true love? Even if you say it sarcastically it still sounds so lovely. You've made commitments the golden standard of wedding announcements. Every girl on the planet rips open that page first thing Sunday! Brides kill to get in there. Sherlock you're an honoured guest at their weddings, I'm sure you'd meet someone if you just–”
John frowns, “Well, why not? You never know unless you try,” he encourages.
No beta, no britpick - very little editing.
John rolls his eyes at that comment and mutters, amused, “Yeah I bet it was hard for you to hold back on that one, wasn’t it, Holmes? Bloody show-off.”
John let go and kissed Harry's cheek. “You'll look beautiful, I'm sure of it,” He said and letting go made a show of hiding 'manly tears' while going to the bathroom and shutting the door to hide before he broke apart in front of them.
John stopped, “...alright, well I'm going to cook it but Harry will be there... with Mary.” John added more quietly as he scanned another vase, “and this isn't just another vase-”
Suddenly he feels the press of a body against him and a differently shaped glass is slipped into the hand closest to the new person. Sherlock doesn’t need to open his eyes to know who it is before they even speak. He’s been feeling this body touch his all week in dance practice, and it isn’t Irene’s.
Harry blushed and turned to Mary, making up an explanation on the spot, “Yes! His-his name
“I told you it wasn't finished.” Sherlock answered, already seething.
John realizes that he’s been silent for far too long and Sherlock looks like he’s about to run. John can’t let that happen - he won’t let that happen. In an instant, John grabs hold of Sherlock’s shirt and shoulder, flips himself over the other man and pushes Sherlock down onto the couch. He looks into Sherlock’s eyes, and they’re a mix of confused and terrified and that just won’t do. John gives himself a determined inward nod and just goes for it - his lips meet Sherlock’s in a desperate kiss and John is relieved when he finally feels Sherlock relax and whine into his mouth.
John’s brows knit a little at the odd exchange, “You alright?” He asks Sherlock.
“It was phenomenal. The work was really quite fulfilling. Started up in Columbia and we worked out way down to Peru. Reached about fifteen clinics and all in one week, our best time yet.”
John pursed his lips and picked up the sheet of paper with the script Harry had written for him. He cleared his throat and started, “Harriet and Mary are a perfect couple. No– a
John gives Sherlock a soft moue but backs off and takes hold of Sherlock’s  hands, asking, “What’s wrong?”
“Not at all. Do it for the girls all the time.” He answered, referring to Harry and his mother.
“Feel better?” William asked raising a brow. John nearly hit him.
“I know you’re using it sarcastically, but seeing as I really am a genius, I’m not going to fight you about it,” Sherlock comments, then referring to his ‘plan of attack’ explains,  “Jack is a professional dancer, he can be quite shy in interviews sometimes but he’s not so when it comes to dancing. We'll likely find him where there’s the most noise, but we’ll have to push our way through,” he lifts a hand, offering it for John to take. John does, and his stomach feels like it does a little flip when Sherlock bows saying what (John guesses – since it’s hard to hear him speaking when his voice isn’t raised in all this noise) looks like, “May I have this dance.”
“To find Sherlock,” Greg shouts back, grinning, “He gave me his phone and told me to find him when you got here.”
John laughs and pounces on Sherlock, holding him down as he teases him for a kiss, “Oh, I’m sorry, Sherlock, does this bother you?”
“Oh,” Sherlock responds, distracted, “no that was just...” he hesitates slightly but recovers quickly, flashing John a quick smile, “Well nothing interesting. Just a neighbor.”
“Mmm, thank you.” Sherlock and John took their coats and dashed out towards the bike to head back to the pub. Dimock had left the radio in the Motorcycle's carrying compartment.
to let John know he was busted, “You were at two weddings tonight weren't you? Pretty disturbing, don't you think?”
A couple of minutes later they were downing their fourth shot of tequila and laughing, their argument in the car long forgotten.
But Mary must have had it bad because she smiled at Harry and said, “Oh that's so sweet. You know when I was a child I had a stutter,” She informed.
Sherlock smiles at John’s choice of words, knowing well why he’d felt the need to extend that last bit. God, could this be any more embarrassing? “It’s fine, John,” he answers then adds, “So, are we, um...?”
“Investigation?” The man asked, “You think he ran off on a case then?”
“First, I was
I had a few songs in mind when I was writing this for them to be dancing to. As mentioned in the text they dance to three songs Sherlock has already danced to with Irene. In case you don't remember the cha-cha and the salsa one were "Donde estas Yolanda" which is the song that plays in s3 when Sherlock comes back into the restaurant and is all like "What up suckas I'm not dead." The Salsa song is a salsa cover of 'We don't talk anymore' by a group called Mandinga on youtube. Ya'll should look it up. It's nice. The group dance song I had originally picked is honestly a mystery to me because I don't remember which one I had in mind and I didn't write it down. I remember it was a make singer...? The Usher song is "DJ got us falling in love" and the 'Sucker' song is actually called "Sucker" and I'm pretty sure Joe Jonas sings it? I dunno. I heard it on the radio this morning (yes, radio. Reminder: I am
, let’s just go to bed. You know you’ll be in an abominable mood tomorrow and we really can’t have the cameras catch you saying or doing anything crass. We need those votes. We might have the judges on our side but we also need the audience. We can’t afford a slip-up, not when we have so few leads. This monster needs to be caught, Sherlock. My friends are depending on me, and I’m depending on you.”
John’s look is dubious, “Her … face?”
“You can have it after me, if you still want it.” Harry said, smiling.
Archie and Mary made their way into the church through the front doors. Harriet stood on one side handing out the Wedding Programs while a girl dressed identically like her stood on the other side, probably doing the same thing.
“May I...” Sherlock started, then stopped, his voice trailing off.
John looked up and shut his eyes in an understanding yet very disappointed frown, “Her dry-cleaning slip, of course.”
“As you said earlier, Holmes, 'the night is young'; there's time for that yet.”
“John!” Sherlock breathes, sitting up in a rush, embarrassingly pushing the bleary and debauched blue-eyed brunet that was on top of him to the ground in surprise, forcing Sherlock to scramble for the throw blanket to cover himself, “John, what are you doing here?!” He exclaims, while his guest on the ground mutters “Ouch,” And, rubbing his neck, continues: “Well that’s one way to wake up.”
“Hmm. Not as such. Dorian invited me and an old mutual friend of ours, Basil Hallward to see her perform on the night he was going to propose. We tried to watch her but she was so dreadful, with her droning words and pitchy singing that we couldn’t bear to stay past the first act. I believe it was the same night Dorian decided he no longer loved her. She was pretty, but not the least bit talented,” Henry shrugs, “I can’t say I’m sorry they never married, though if anyone was relieved that night it was Basil.”
Sherlock is actually relieved when he gets a whiff of a very distinct cologne even while he’s being overwhelmed with the data of the strangers around him. While this scent doesn’t belong to the person he’s looking for, it does mean some kind of reprieve from this false intimacy with John. Besides, if he’s guessed correctly (and he has, he knows he has) then the person they were looking for can’t be far behind. He steers deliberately in the direction of the smell and purposely crashes himself into the person it belongs to, effectively disentangling himself from John’s grip.
say that, but
That doesn’t surprise John, but he asks anyway, “What? Why?”
Sherlock slapped the diary onto Anthea's desk. “This! This is a brilliant idea for the front page of the section.” He declared.
“Oh! Here it is!” She exclaimed excitedly as John sat down to read.
Sherlock narrows his eyes at her, irritated “If you post that online I will let Eurus dissect you,”
me, Mycroft!” He yelled at the risk of sounding childish, “You
John, growing frustrated replies, “Fine!” And puts her down, but before he can lead her to her crib she dashes in the direction of Sherlock’s bedroom with the wobbling speed of a toddler filled with energy. John stares. To think, she’d only recently learned to walk and she was already running away from his authority. He couldn’t wait til her teen years. She’d be a whirlwind.
He thought.
About an hour later Sherlock found John while he spoke to a surly man named Berry Berwick who seemed to know and care very little about what had happened tonight. Sherlock wrapped an arm around John's back, his eyes twinkling, “I believe we're finished with the interviews, Doctor Watson,” He said, “Why don't we leave poor Mr. Berwick here alone to finish his drink and go have one ourselves, now our job's done.”
The man sagged again and Sherlock scrambled out of the car, cuffs in hand and secured the prisoner just as police sirens were heard up the road. They soon heard a car screech to a stop.
“It’s no trouble at all dear, no trouble at all.” She assures him while he makes his way out of her apartment “I’ll see you later, dear.”
” another time. He'd a feeling if he let him, he'd be doing it all night. All Sherlock wanted to hear come from John were his breathy moans, (
John is finally broken out of his reverie as the hostess announces the upcoming dancers. John’s breath catches in his throat in anticipation.
John didn't really listen. “What do you
John sees red when the young musician curls a hand into Sherlock’s hair, keeping his face bent low. John is sure Sherlock can’t see him as his back is turned to him and Greg so he allows himself to growl in frustration beneath his breath as he tries to calm down. His will to stop himself from hurling Dorian Gray away from Sherlock is almost broken, but just as he takes a step forward he catches a glimpse of Greg by his side. Greg is staring stiffly at Sherlock, but it appears to be more in discomfort, and John gets the distinct feeling that Greg is watching him for a reaction. John purses his lips as they watch Sherlock laugh and dance, letting himself be led. John takes another steadying breath, but he’s saved as Irene seems to ooze out of the crowd with a young couple on either side of her. She slides her hand up Sherlock’s bicep and snakes her hand underneath Dorian’s’ forcing him to slip away as she pulls Sherlock’s face towards her own. John frowns minutely until she makes direct eye contact with him while he watches her say something into Sherlock’s ear. He realizes then that Irene has seen him and is likely telling Sherlock that he’s here. John can’t say that that action makes him like the woman but it does earn her some points. Sherlock turns to look, and it appears he can’t hide the smile on his face as he finally sees John and Greg. John waves but he feels like his expression of discomfort doesn’t change much as Sherlock takes a step towards them. John’s frown deepens when he sees that Dorian manages to pull Sherlock toward him by the arm for a second, questioning him. Sherlock seems to say something to him and the boy’s hands slip away from his body as Sherlock turns to jostle himself the rest of the way towards Greg and John.
Also Rosie is cute.
Ps. This is not beta'd or brit-picked or edited.
“Oh,” the boy answers, and he sounds somewhat pleased to Sherlock, though he can’t tell for sure as his eyes are still closed. “Would you like to go somewhere more private? Or outside for a breath of fresh air?” Dorian asks.
Victoria stands to greet her with a hug while Henry, having heard Irene’s comotion, turns expectantly towards where Sherlock and Molly stand. Sure enough, the man seems pleased when he sees Sherlock and Molly begin to walk towards him. He turns away from his friends to come over and greet them. Well, to greet Molly, but he politely greets Sherlock as well when he arrives, putting his arms around both of them, saying,“Welcome, welcome, do come in,”
Week 1: Cha Cha - Donde Estas Yolanda: Pink Martini
The crowd of people filled in around the pews at St. Mary's church chattering happily and excitedly. The place had been decorated in white roses and lavender bouquets with beautiful lilac ribbons intertwining with the flowers. The perfume permeated the air in their soft and pleasant smells mixed with the scents of the incense and candles in the church.
“No– you didn't have to,” Harry said, her face upturned to look at him now, her other hand pulled up and balled into in his shirt at his chest as her eyes bored into him, willing him to understand.
“But you
Sherlock rolled his eyes,
It works. Irene sits up instantly and growls down at Sherlock, “Why, you sneaky little beast!”
“Serviettes,” Sherlock clarified, “Swan or Sydney Opera House?”
(See the end of the chapter for
He vaguely heard the chime of a phone as he tilted his head up to the ceiling, feeling his pupils dilating. He picked it up unceremoniously mumbling, “What is it Mycroft?”
Craig chimes in next, “yes, I agree, you were off tempo for a few moments, and I love that you did keep to your theme even with the type of dance you had to perform this week. I must say that emotionally, I felt you were a bit more connected last week, though.”
Currently a couple dressed in white waltzes to a version of a romantic American pop song that seems to have a tune he vaguely recognizes
“Of course, John. And yes, I understand.” Molly smiles, as she leads him to the door, helping him to sling Rosie’s overnight bag over his shoulder as they pass it, “but yes, it’s um... It’s my pleasure,” she says.
“My... you really
Sherlock huffs, “How many times – you know I prefer my first name.” He does sit up but only to wipe the red lipstick off his face. She’d clearly applied it with the sole purpose of annoying him so she could do things like this.
“Janine!” John shouts, “Jesus, Sherlock, I thought you’d have learned by now! You can’t just-“
visible. “Fuck! Fuck me in the fucking arse!” Leonard cursed.
Sherlock and John burst into amused giggles at her innocence.
“Hey, Jim, nice party!” John saw her call to the host as she entered.
Some insight into Sherlock’s emotional state and what he’s been up to.
John turned away swallowing back the tears that wanted to spring forth. To hear Sherlock saying those words... it hurt him, because those were the words he
--------------
Rosie releases a laughing, “Nooo, silly Sherrock. You can’t dance from the floor!”
Irene wants to shoot Sherlock in the face.
“Very good, Watson. The resemblance is uncanny.” Sherlock comments.
Irene shrugs, “I thought about it, a few times actually, but I also value my life so I resisted.”
“Yup.” John answered, grabbing her glass and swallowing down the clear liquid in one go.
“Oh boo, what did I do to make you think that way?” Sherlock mocked.
“Fuck me,” Sherlock tells him, “Fuck my hand, John. Feel my cock pulsing against yours. Feel how hard you make me.”
Mary smiled and turned to look at John who was having a very hard time hiding the surprise on his face as Harry made a grab for the tux instead of the dress. Harry turned to John then, “Oh, Johnny you don't mind do you?” She asked.
“But- you know, it was a bit of an emergency... so...” Mary stammered.
Mary's smile was slightly less entertained at that one, even Irene frowned at the photos even as some people in the room continued sniggering.
? Because if it was, John is instantly infuriated.
Archie glared at John, a look of betrayal starting to form in his face when Mary insisted, “No, come on John we've more than enough doctors in today and your boss is a bitch anyway. Do say yes.”
Sherlock made to turn to answer him when something caught his eye. He'd spotted the small hall closet filled to bursting with what looked like... “Wait... what are those...?” He asked suddenly, his eyes lighting up.
Josh hangs his head in embarrassment, “It’s not a problem,” then raising his head gestures to the door, “Well, I’d better get back to work.”
keep up inspector, why would a serial killer who's thus far only been working in London now suddenly come all the way out here just to murder Jenny of all people?”
Sherlock says nothing for a while. He opts to sit on the sofa with Rosie, handing her a stuffed pink elephant and buzzing a large stuffed bee in her direction, making her coo in interest instead before he answers: “Hmm. Needed some help.“
Mycroft sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose, “Alright Sherlock, one chance. If I don't like it you go back to commitments for the rest of your life with a big smile on your face.”
John suddenly stood up, throwing the paper at Sherlock's face. Sherlock flinched and in an instant John was running out the door. Sherlock finally reacted and he stood abruptly to run after him, raising his voice,
... John frowned starting, “...But...”
?” He turns to Sherlock for confirmation.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, “Outside. Desk drawer.”
Sherlock nods, “It’s a good idea, but I’ll just get the spare keys,” he winks at Irene.
"Amazing?" Sherlock asks, his voice smug as he adds, "Incredible? Marvelous? Spectacular? Miraculous...?
He tells John about the case excitedly over text. John replies immediately “Well, then, what are we waiting for?” Sherlock hadn’t asked John to come, thinking he might be reluctant to leave Rosie, but at the receipt of this text he has no other choice but than to invite him along. The case takes them out of town and it is many days before they solve it. They leave Rosie with Mrs. Hudson while they work on it. When it finally ends Sherlock is exhausted and a little frustrated. He didn’t think he’d mind bringing John. He’d hoped it would feel a little like the good old days, when it was just the two of them against the rest of the world. Unfortunately that had been exactly what it had felt like and it had unpredictably been more of a problem than a pleasure. Spending so much time with John when he can’t run off to let off some steam had made him a little irritable. The urge to touch him had become so strong and he now feels wound up with energy despite the exhausting case. It’s entirely annoying that his body chooses to keep betraying him like this. When they finally return to 221B it is late afternoon on a Friday. Sherlock gladly bids John and Rosie goodbye, waving them off with a promise to rest and to see them again soon. Not five minutes after they’ve left Sherlock has used the phone app he’d been using to find the men he’s been to spending time with in order to see if he can find some company for tonight.
“Mmn,” Sherlock rumbles seductively, “Then take me, John.“
Sherlock wracks his brain for what to say when a thought occurs to him, “You asked Henry to text me when I got here, did you?” He questions, walking the line between sounding as curious and pleased as he’s able to.
“It was mummi’s favourite, when we were children.” Sherlock explains, “I had forgotten. We used to watch them with her before Eurus... before she...” He pauses, then turns to John, as the other man sits beside him on the couch. “We don’t have to watch it if you don’t want to.”
“Ah. Is he a donor?”
“No! No, I
John’s grin is wicked as he grabs hold of Sherlock’s hips and pulls him forward, “C’mere, you,” he grunts and brings his lube coated fingers into Sherlock’s entrance once more. Sherlock circles his hips in a tease and John laughs a little, stroking his long leg with his free hand, “You,” he says, pinching Sherlock’s ass cheek, “really ought to learn to stop being such a cocky smart-arse.”
They spend the next few minutes of the meal in relative silence. Sherlock spends them feeding Rosie and himself and speaking to her quietly as he eats. He tells her about the temperature at which the eggs they’re eating turn from viscous liquid into the gelatinous solid they have become now and about the fats in the bacon melting away, also with added heat, to create this salty treat. John spends those minutes sitting at the edge of the bed, watching them with a soft pleasure while taking a short video as well as snapping a few photos to keep. They are so beautiful together.
“Heartless even.” John agreed.
“No we're done, remember, we added that girl with the nose, from your job?” Sherlock reminded him.
“But why would someone want to implic–” Carter was saying when Sherlock interrupted him,
“We've nothing better to do John. Here's your chance to help someone.”
Sherlock says nothing and walks down the street, somehow predicting where John has parked his car.
“SHEWAHH!” Rosie shouts suddenly in recognition, and John laughs, “Hi Sherlock!” He joins in shouting, “We’re here!”
Irene decides to intercede. She smirks and pinches his cheek, “Ah, spasibo malen’kiy,” she purrs in her false accent, “You and cecily were very precious in your dance as well, weren’t they Sherlock?”
Sherlock had smiled tiredly, “Of course, John,” he’d said in goodbye, and to Rosie, “I’ll see you both soon. I promise.”
. Don’t care. You’ll sort it out. Out,
Sherlock ignored the question and looked down at the food instead, addressing Mary, “Ah, you two are picking out the wedding meal?” Then, because Sherlock Holmes was an
“Thank you, John Watson!”
“Sherlock we should slow, down, seriously it's been so long since I've done this. I really never do-” Sherlock kissed him again. Deep and wet and hot, his tongue prying John's mouth open and plunging in, thrusting in a tantalizing swirl around John's, brushing it against his teeth. He did not have any desire to slow down even a little bit, and he definitely didn't want to hear John say the words “
“Oh, it
to me, and she treated me well, you know? And I just... I wanted to be someone she might want.” Harry finished sadly as she looked at John who was staring at her speaking without wanting to interrupt, “I was trying to be someone who deserved her... someone she could respect. I was trying to be like you, big brother. I was trying to be like you.”
He was still in the clinic, well after everyone had gone home, sorting out some paper work throughout the offices when he notices Mary had left her purse in hers. John frowned at it, looked through her calendar without a thought and rushed off to return it to her.
Sherlock’s confusion is evident in the way his posture changes, and the confusion is mixed with a bit of suspicion as he asks John, “I have?”
“I’m using this because you understand this. It’s easier to understand each other, don’t you think?” She tells him one day, when Sherlock goes to visit her alone rather than with the family. It doesn’t happen often, him seeing her alone, as Mycroft is still worried she might decide she still wants Sherlock dead. To be fair to him the sentiment is valid because on the same day Eurus has said that she had also said, “You’re teaching me as much as I’m teaching you. We’re learning together. That’s funny isn’t it? I have a funny feeling inside me when you’re here. It’s warm and soft like you - like your insides. Sometimes when you come here, I itch all over and I just want to tear you apart and crawl inside your skin while you’re still warm.”
“I can't just give out patient information to anyone,” A woman's voice said,
Sherlock’s legs wobble as John helps him to stand. “Sorry,” he mumbles, as he takes John’s hand.
Sherlock grinned then, “I'm sorry, John, what was that last bit?”
“Doesn’t it?” John says stonily, “And why is that Sherlock? Why doesn’t it? Because she loves you, you know that, don’t you? She
Molly squeaked again, “Oh! Right! I should go!” She smiled and gaining confidence, she curtsied before she left. “It's been a pleasure,” She giggled as she ran to join Harriet at the door.
Sherlock smirked at John and whispered, “Get over here.”
Rosie beams, one of her little hands grabs at her skirt and fluffs it proudly, “Thank you. I’m happy – do we dance again?” She asks tentatively.
John paused nervously, “I've...” He stuttered.
As I said. This one was hard. I re-wrote it and moved things about quite a bit. I was having... bad days, I guess and writing became a little difficult for a moment, but I'm feeling better now, well somewhat better. The writing is helping me distract myself at least, which is i guess a good thing? I hope you enjoy the update.
“So, anything?” John asked.
“I know, darling,” She responds with a grin, “but I do so love to see those rose-petal lips in a pout.”
ps. I’ve finally outlined most of what’s going to happen to the point where I’m happy with it and have at least a sentence to describe what will happen in the subsequent chapters. If the case doesn’t get too stretched the story should end up being around twelve chapters. I’m thinking it could go up to fourteen if I end up having to add one or two between chapters eight and nine just to round out the case and address all my plot holes but for now, 12 looks like the right amount.
“And civic responsibility,” John continued, a picture of Mary in her scrubs inside a make-shift clinic in the south american jungle with a stethoscope in hand and a child holding her hand as she checked a woman's heart-beat popped up followed by a photo of Harriet in a skimpy swimsuit during a college car wash while another girl lathered soap onto her chest.
At that Sherlock’s eyes fully clear and he sits back, out of John’s grasp. “Nothing.” He replies, an arm wrapped around his torso to grasp at his other arm.
The sides of the pews were decorated in lovely white ribbons and pretty pink roses to match the flower arrangements that had been spread around the church for this special day. It was classically romantic, with the smell of roses and candle wax perforating throughout. John thought it was perfectly lovely.
“I'll give it back later.” John gritted out, “Well... most of it.”
Sherlock laughs harder at the reminder of that conversation and replies seductively, “And you invaded Afghanistan.”
“Yyyup.”
am the machine here!”
again. Twat!”
“That's awful,” A woman to the left chimed in.
Harry ignored it, “You're just very trusting and it's not your fault, I suppose,” she continued as she checked a point off on a sheet of paper on her board.
“John?!” His girlfriend asks again, “John is this what Greg meant?”
Sherlock pouts, “No, it would be inappropriate. John would probably mind. It’s probably one of his rule things. ‘Don’t bring the baby to potential criminal investigations or within distance of a known criminal/dominatrix,’ or something.”
I'm tired. Sorry guys, here's the fic:
“Where did he even get it on such short notice? Wasn’t it like three in the morning?” Sherlock wonders, his memory probably featuring the same images John’s was.
“Shut-up,” Sherlock admonishes, donning his coat and tossing Lestrade’s leather jacket at him. He looks to Lestrade and asks, for the fifth time that evening, “Are you sure you don’t want to borrow something—?”
Sherlock gives John a
Sighing, Sherlock returns to his meal but begins to push the food around on his plate, rather than choosing to eat it. John takes the opportunity to continue to feed Rosie and waits patiently until Sherlock starts again. Sherlock’s eyes are on the table as he speaks, seemingly not able to meet John’s gaze for some reason, “I was called in and here we are, six weeks into a celebrity dance contest with the stress of people filming us and following us around during the week. We have to find all these ‘little cases’ as you call them - barely threes let alone fours - to distract the camera people and on top of that we have to keep ourselves in the contest until we figure out anything we can about the man Irene is supposed to find because finding him may lead us to who is threatening Irene and her people. Or, if worst comes to worst, we have a bargaining chip to keep Kate safe. In any case, the two of us have been trying, very unsuccessfully not to get distracted, but with everything seeming to happen at once… we’re a bit… well overwhelmed if I’m honest.”
,” it continues, then more instantly, “
Sherlock’s eyes shift a little uncomfortably and he seems to blush as he says, “I don’t know, I was never any good at remembering your —” then he stops abruptly and just adds, as an afterthought, “I think it’s her face.”
“Actually,” Dorian cuts in before the actor can say anything, “I would say he uses him more to
“Oh yes, you must have been very distraught,” John agrees, then, turning to Sherlock, who is now riffling through the drawers picking out fresh clothes for Rosie, he asks, “mind passing me a fresh nappy for her first? She’s due for a change.”
Tess interrupts with a laugh, “Yes I can’t imagine what Adele feels about that Americanized version of her song!”
"There you are Harry," John said, as they reached the large transparent glass beverage dispenser filled with orange juice "Here, hold this cup under this little tap, and I'll fill it up. Tell me when, Okay?"
John turned around then and punched Sherlock straight in the face, knocking him back a few paces. Sherlock stood and stared at him but said nothing, waiting for the line of insults he was sure he deserved, or at the very least another punch in the face. But nothing came. John just looked at him with such an expression of hurt and betrayal and fucking loss... and Sherlock realized then there was nothing he could say, nothing he could do that would fix this, at least not right now while John was so angry. He raised a hand to his cheek and stared as John marched away, taking out his phone and dialling a number, most likely his friend Irene.
Also I thought it would be cute to add the wedding planning two months before they got married. It's just funny. Plus I loved that scene in BBC Sherlock. He's such a precious pumpkin.
John blinks, “But you don’t - ... wait, do you?” he asks, inclining his head curiously.
John smacked him softly on the chest, cuddling back down and blushing, “Yeah okay, shut-up I get it. I just wanted you to know, alright?”
John grins and keeps his eyes on Sherlock’s while the song continues on in the background.
Sherlock leans his head down on his arm and breathes deeply before responding in as normal a tone as possible, “It’s not a problem. Anything I can do to help?”
“That one is actually really cool, don't laugh!” John said, as he smiled, already taking the outfit from him. Moments later he came out of the room with a wooden sword, posing for another photo. Sherlock snapped it quickly, amused by how much fun John seemed to be having.
at John until he believes him.
“That’s Dorian’s manager. Though I guess he’s right - he never does manage to actually manage him,” Jack comments with a wink.
“Well thanks.” John answered as Harry got up. “Milk is in the fridge, sugar's on the counter and in the cupboard there are some –”
"Go get him, Tiger."
Half an hour later John found himself on the computer, updating his wedding blog with photos of Mike and Bill's weddings.
“Oh Goddd Sheeerrrl–”
John nodded but then staggered backwards. William smirked, holding him up “Why don't we call you a cab?” And with that William led John out of the party. He walked John to the cab he'd seen him previously using and got in with him. John meant to complain but he felt it would be awfully rude to kick William out of the car, especially since he was going through so much trouble to see John home safely.
Jack lifts a brow from beside Sherlock, “Dorian My faith in the politeness of the youth is restored at your manners but I’m surprised you’re trying to run a conversation when the music is so loud,” he yells this slightly louder than necessary to emphasize his point.
“John, he’s not my...” -And Sherlock sneers slightly at the word, “‘boyfriend’.”
“So you were just sleeping with him...?” John asks.
Christ!”
“Wow, Doctor, getting a bit irritated, aren't we? Why don't you take a deep breath through the nose and try to calm down?”
“Oh really John? And you know this because of all of
“Yes, well, in any case, Dorian says that he and Basil didn’t see each other as often after meeting Harry. Or sorry – Henry – he calls him Harry. I do think that it could be that Harry was jealous and stopped them seeing each other, or it could be that he was protecting Dorian. He sort-of acts like a mentor/father figure to him, even if he is a bad influence.” Sherlock shrugs and continues, “Dorian hasn’t told me much more. I think that despite what Dorian says, he did care for the painter – he was genuinely upset when I asked him about it. I don’t really see him being the blackmailer though. Mostly because of how obsessed he is with me. He’s read your blog from the very first post to the very last one you wrote. If he were really looking for his lost lover, he’d have asked me to help by now, instead of threatening a bunch of
Tuesday: Flowers, for Watson, Harriet. (“Oh, how sweet!”)
‘Wow, you really stepped in it this time, Watson.’ John thinks to himself, because that had to be it didn’t it? Why else would Sherlock have been so annoyed with him? Why else would he flinch away? ‘Definitely should apologize.’ John thinks. He knows they don’t normally do apologies or caring speeches with each other, but, well... John should really do better as a friend. Sherlock had withstood a beating from him while he was in a delicate state and had almost gotten himself murdered by a maniacal serial killer just to be able to speak to John. A simple apology shouldn’t be too hard, right?
Never the less Sherlock seemed disappointed to hear John's discomfort, “Would you like to book a room at the inn? Stay indoors and maybe go to sleep while I figure this out?” He asked, as he started the bike's engine.
She leaned in and they kissed each other again, with a little more gusto this time.
John shows his approval by giving him a pleased expression. “Come here, Rosie, let Sherlock have his meal,” he requests.
“Thank you,” Iris says, in a low smoky and heavily accented voice.
John gay panics again and also he is very jealous.
---------------
Just then Harry interrupted them, “Can I steal you away now, to tell you about Mary and me?”
John is in a flurry of pleasure at Sherlock's reactions to his every touch. The man is so demanding and confident about what he wants, it's intoxicating. John supposes it's because Sherlock has waited long enough for this... And god the guilt over his own stupidity just makes him want to please him more. John strokes Sherlock more firmly, pushes himself in deeper and harder. He writhes into Sherlock with a purpose and a warm glow grows stronger in his chest at every instance in which Sherlock repeats his name in those soft breathy groans. He grins at Sherlock's incoherent pleas of "Yes! Yes, yes!" and "More, more, more - Harder,
“Hmm, yes.” Sherlock leaned against the Motorcycle and raised a brow. Even with the rain plastering his hair to his face he looked extremely handsome standing there, waiting for John. He turned around then and extended a long leg over the bike and got up. “Come on, John. Rain's probably getting rid of evidence as we speak, best we get on with it.”
John feels Sherlock’s smug smile against his lips before he hears Sherlock accuse teasingly, “You are! John Watson
No beta, no Brit-picking, very sparse editing.
“Good, I’m glad! I’m sure we’re all glad to hear it, in fact. We’re definitely all excited to have you! I know I’m a huge fan of your blog, anyway!”
Sherlock seems to be in the same situation as he stares at John for a good few seconds before his eyes break away and he says, “ehm... can we... er. I’d like to um... explain? Possibly?”
The crowd laughed at John's self-depreciating joke.
“Hmm.” John agreed as he sorted through his mail.
-----------------------
NOT BETA'D or EDITED. Sorry.
“I never brought them in the bedroom.” Sherlock repeats, this time clear enough to be understood by human beings.
“Come in, dears, out of the rain.” The old lady at the door said as she opened the door and ushered the police officers as well as John and Sherlock into her little house.
“Yes, I'm Robin, he's Batman, apparently.” John said, through a grin.
Dorian wrinkles his brow at the screen as he turns to it, joining Sherlock in watching their competitors, a slight moue appears on his lips, probably because Sherlock isn’t paying attention to him. He cleverly decides to comment on their competitors to continue conversation, and Irene gives him points for persistence, “Song choice is a bit predictable though, and I think I’ve seen the out-door ice-cream shop setting used before on Strictly. It’s a bit… boring.”
“Still nothing.” John said, before Sherlock could as.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah— yeah I gathered,” John says. He doesn’t notice how close he and Sherlock are as they step slowly from side to side. All he knows is that he feels incredibly warm and at peace. He feels like if this moment could last a lifetime that he would be happy for it. The song is sensual and soft and adds to the tranquillity of the moment, but the singer’s voice seems to evoke a sort of longing desire. John suddenly recalls the so-called ‘heartbreak theme’ of Sherlock’s routine so far and begins to wonder at the significance of the words the artist is expressing. “What does it mean?” He whispers in a haze, staring into Sherlock’s ever-changing eyes, almost without meaning to.
“Well, that’s never stopped you before!” Irene had shouted, pulling her hand away from his.
John!
“It is.” Sherlock stated.
“I am.” She answered, “But look at those cheekbones. I could cut myself slapping that face,” her voice wistful.
Irene had cringed at Sherlock’s words and her gaze had gone firmly to the table they were seated, her jaw clenched in defiance.
John ignored him, “–means braving a dessert storm or helping to caulk a fountain for some swans, then...”
“Hullo.” John answered, “And hello Sue,” He said greeting the seamstress amicably. She inclined her head with a smile as she walked away.
Harry ignored that too, and pulled it back towards her chest, “Um... about the slideshow,” She said, “I know exactly what I want you to say so I wrote you a script and mum says you've got all the family photos, and Mary tells me you've hers as well...”
John stared at Sherlock in shock,
“For last night?” Sherlock smirked, putting an arm back around John.
Edit: I had to edit this one first as I realized after posting it how fucking bad it was. XD So yeah, it's not perfect but I suck and I'm too lazy to try and make it better (also I'm anxious to get to the next chapter.) John and Sherly are feeling a little ooc right now but I'm guessing it's because I'm half directly quoting Jane and Kevin/Malcolm. Anyway I'm half-way through the next chapter... soooo see you soon. Also if anyone wants to beta/edit. Go for it, I'm a horrible writer guys. I have to stop making John say mate. He's starting to sound like a pirate. "Matey mate mate." :P anyways bye!
The sentiment makes Sherlock burst into laughter just as the phone dings to remind him to check the two previous messages. The sound just makes him laugh more, but only because Irene’s frown just continues to grow more thunderous. She gets up, apparently fuming, to go get the device. She claws through a pile of clothes in her bag until she gets it. She opens the messages and grimaces to hide a smile - not wanting to let Sherlock know that the message actually made her kind of want to squeal at the cuteness. She pretends to glare at the still giggling Sherlock and makes sure to catch his eye before she tosses the phone in his direction. She miscalculates and Sherlock is so busy laughing at her facial expression that the phone hits him square in the face. To Irene’s annoyance, the convenient accident only makes him laugh harder. Her lips twitch and suddenly she’s done for. A burst of giggles leaves her throat before she can stop them. Soon she and Sherlock are sitting there with stupid grins on their faces for no reason.
When they’d arrived at 221B Sherlock was visibly relieved. John had frowned to himself a little at that but hadn’t mentioned it, instead making Sherlock promise that he’d get some rest.
“They’re very good,” John comments to Jack as Algernon and Gladys really start getting into their moves.
“Irene?” Sherlock whispers just as the very woman slams the flat’s door open while she pants his name into the room worriedly asking loudly:
Those were just the words John had been waiting for. Looking pleased, John mercifully takes himself in hand and coats his throbbing cock in a bit more lube before lining himself up at Sherlock's entrance. Leaning forward, John lifts one of Sherlock's legs up over one of his shoulders and kisses his shin before asking, "Ready?"
Sherlock feeds her her first bite and begins to prepare the next.
“Hmm. You should see the view from down here.” Sherlock replies evenly as his eyes roam over John’s form.
John was still grinning when he turned to him, “Yeah?”
John startled, “Yeah, yeah, right, yeah.” He stammered as he walked towards her.
She isn’t.
Sherlock’s body is wrapped around John like an octopus. John’s pretty sure that the arm that the man has sequestered as his pillow is as asleep as the man that lies snuggled on it snoring quietly. A memory comes unbidden to John as he watches Sherlock sleep soundly,
Sherlock scoffs at the message and Irene rolls her eyes to come sit by him. Sherlock gives her a furtive glance as she reaches over to tilt the screen so she can read the conversation over his shoulder. He doesn’t notice the little smirk she dons when she realizes the subtle implication of what John’s message means. Clearly Sherlock hasn’t caught it yet as he types his reply haughtily saying,
Sherlock and Irene pant and giggle, “Oh we’re feeling great,” Sherlock responds with a smug look, “How are you feeling, Tess?” He turns the question on her in a teasing tone.
“Yay!” Rosie cheers. Sherlock’s speaker begins to play the jive from last week that he and Irene had danced to. Rosie begins to bounce in Sherlock’s arms, so he puts her down and gets on his knees to twirl her around on the living room floor. John laughs along with them. Seeing Sherlock on the ground like that is ridiculous but it’s so much better to have this sweet image of him waving his hands around in a silly way and twirling his daughter than to have the images of Sherlock actually dancing appear before him. He knew, of course, that Sherlock wouldn’t be pulling any of the moves he did on video in front of him, but he’d still been afraid that seeing the man dance would make him dwell on the past images.
“What do you want to know?” John asked not looking at him and tracing slow circles on Sherlock's chest.
Greg pats him on the back, “You’re too easy,” he grins, teasing. Sherlock gives him an annoyed sneer which only makes Greg’s smile grow in mischief, “Oh, don’t be like that,” He says as he starts walking away backwards. Spreading his arms he says, “Go find your new boyfriend –” and, turning around with that same mischievous look in his eye continues, calling over his shoulder as he makes his escape – “I’m going to go join Irene. Hopefully she or one of the girls can introduce me to more of Henry’s friends. Have fun, lads.”
One month later: John finds another note by William stuck to his lamp at his desk. “Dinner?” It reads. John throws it in the trash.
, his
Mary gave him a winning smile, “That's why I love you!” She exclaimed happily and popped her head back into her office, presumably to eat.
“Oh?” John asks casually, “And why’s that?”
Once back at the flat Sherlock waves them in. “Welcome back,” he says as he grabs the baby bag from John and tosses it on the couch, then moves to help him carry Rosie so that John can remove his coat. Sherlock sits Rosie down in his chair, which as he’d said, has been moved to accommodate a large empty space in the living room, and helps her out of her own tiny coat. John’s eyes explore the flat, marveling at the sheer amount of empty space Sherlock and Irene have managed to create by moving everything. “Hang on- where’s the coffee table?” He asks, finding it missing.
Sherlock frowns, “I will. And I
“Hullo, Mrs. L.” Dimock smiled at her sweetly, “I assume you know why we're here.” (she nodded; yes.) “This is DI Scott, and I'm assuming this is his partner. They're from Scotland yard. They're sort of stranded it seems, but have decided to help. Can you tell us what you know?”
“Yes?” Sherlock replies awkwardly.
Sherlock locks the door of 221B behind him (lest Mrs. Hudson decides to come up while Sherlock is busy) and again pushes his visitor against the wall for a kiss one more time. The man whines desperately into Sherlock’s mouth, nipping at his lips and sucking on his tongue hungrily. They grasp at each other’s clothes wildly, tearing and pulling until they can get a feel of the other’s skin. Sherlock splays his hands on the other man’s abdomen, feeling the heat of him beneath his shirt and slowly running his hands upward towards his pectorals. His partner, meanwhile, grabs hold of Sherlock’s waist, pressing into him and leaning his head back in pleasure. Sherlock licks at the exposed neck and pulls back, grabbing the man’s shirt and pulling it up over his head. The blue eyes of his partner are dilated and his breaths come out in short gasps. Sherlock can see his nipples tightening as his gorgeous chest is exposed to the fresh air. He smirks and sinks to his knees quickly, making quick work of unfastening the other man’s trousers. He hears the guy choke out another breath and Sherlock gives him a smug look as he takes out the man’s already swollen cock and immediately wraps his lips around it, allowing it to sink deep into his mouth. The other man cries out, “Oh my fucking god!” And Sherlock groans around him, allowing the other to fuck his throat freely. When the other starts to look like he’s about to loose all control (more than he already has) Sherlock pulls away.
John laughs, ”Stop encouraging her criminal behaviour, Sherlock,” then to Rosie, “I’m only cleaning up after you because I don’t want you hurting yourself on the sharp bits, mind, young lady,” John playfully chastises her as they leave, his voice calling out to the short hall.
