Sherlock’s body feels so soft, so loose. There is a warm tingling feeling moving all through him, growing louder every moment as he becomes aware of every point at which his body is touching John’s.
He pulls back from the kiss, just enough so that he can see John’s face; his eyes have taken on the color of the water around them—they’re a brilliant turquoise, dazzled by the sun. His cheeks are still flushed with color, his golden eyelashes almost translucent in the sunlight.
He glances down at himself for a sign that any of it was real, as if his body would bear some mark to confirm that Sherlock’s hands, his mouth had been there. Certain details he remembers so vividly—Sherlock’s breath at his ear, his fingers holding John’s shoulders hard enough to bruise, the burning sand under him before Sherlock lifted him up.
It feels so good—in spite of the clamor of his own distracting thoughts, Sherlock can feel himself calming, can feel his heart rate slowing to a steadier rhythm, the tension in his body receding.
Of course, as soon as he’d realized he was right, Anderson had paraded through the station telling everyone who’d listen that
John’s lips part willingly to let Sherlock in, mouth opening wide, and Sherlock finds John’s tongue and strokes it the way he remembers John doing for him.
Sherlock glances over at him, curious, and sees that all the humor is gone from his face. The line of his jaw is hard and tense, and although his posture is relaxed, there’s a tension radiating from him that Sherlock recognizes at once as the same quiet, powerful rage that emanated from him last night when he was telling Sherlock the reason for his wounded face.
He looks exhausted—more tired than Sherlock has ever seen him. All the lines seem to have re-emerged around his eyes and mouth, and deepened in the time since Sherlock saw him last.
Returning now to the reality of all these shouting, cheering people—so many eyes fixed on him—is overwhelming to say the least.
A few of the men glance behind them to see what it is that’s caught John’s eye, and Sherlock hears a snicker, but before too many people have turned to look, John draws their attention back to himself.
By the time he reached the second storey, the darkness was so intense he had to pull his torch out in order to see his own feet. He shone the light through the shadows and saw another row of closed doors lining the corridor, identical to the hallway below. There seemed nothing remarkable about any of the doors on either side of the staircase. John pointed his light directly opposite him and saw at the very end of the hallway, a smaller door, the elaborate ironwork of its lock glinting in the light from his torch.
John breathes the scent of it in again, feels his cock swell and thicken between his legs and it’s only another minute before he’s fully hard, his erection creating a sizable bulge in the front of his breeches.
John reached up, sliding his fingers in around the nape of Sherlock’s neck, to pull Sherlock down against him.
There is someone who has paused across the deck, someone watching them. Sherlock can feel it as sure as he could feel the captain’s eyes on him earlier today. He holds himself very still, his posture perfectly upright, forces himself not to look.
So if they were lucky, this next incident would just be one more stroke designed to weaken them, without yet attempting to finish the job. If he was still teasing them, that gave them time, gave Sherlock time to attempt to anticipate his next move, but what frightened John more than he was prepared to admit was the fact that Moriarty was as ruthlessly clever as Sherlock, if not more so. For the first time in his life, Sherlock really was out of his depth.
There was a sick, burning sensation in the pit of John’s stomach. Why did he feel ashamed? He had no reason to be ashamed.
“Please, call me Sherlock,” Sherlock says, wondering suddenly where John has got to as another sailor pushes forward to offer Sherlock a boisterous word of welcome.
He breathes shallowly through his nostrils for several seconds, concentrating on the swinging spots of lantern light sliding over the wooden floor of the deck until the feeling passes.
“Sherlock, I’d like you to meet my good friend, Mike Stamford. Mike, this is the wonder I’ve been telling you about.”
“Easy, easy,” John sighs, like gentling a spooked horse. “Let’s go slowly all right? It’s a lot to take in.”
John is one of the men to jump out—Sherlock knows this because when he turns back to look, John’s place is empty—and with a lurching sensation that Sherlock later realizes is the boat grinding up against the sand, he wonders for one horrible moment whether John was ever really there.
Desperate for more, Sherlock presses his palm tight against John’s until he can feel the throb of John’s pulse in the hollow of his hand. It’s like feeling the living heart of a flame. He’s overcome with the desire to put his mouth against it.
Normally, he wouldn’t give a rat’s arse what his hair looked like but suddenly it occurs to him that John may well be planning to visit him tonight. What if John comes in the early hours of the morning again and finds Sherlock smelling like the rotting water in the bottom of the ship?
Following the sounds of the scuffle, Sherlock looks down the deck to see Molly, at last, hunched in her uniform, the collar of her jacket raised to hide her face, tripping over her own feet in her eagerness to get out of the way of the sailor unloading cargo on the opposite side of the deck from where the longboats are being lowered into the water.
He’s barefoot, dressed only in his white linen trousers and faded-blue jacket, which is open at the waist to reveal the muscles of his stomach and chest, already shining faintly with sweat. He has been on duty since land was first sighted in the early light of morning. Sherlock spotted him when he first came up on deck but he’s been kept so busy up in the sails, he has not had a chance to try and catch his eye—nor has he dared to, with the captain and every officer present on deck.
Sherlock positions himself under the eaves of the quarterdeck, out of sight of the men standing above him, but just close enough to be within earshot of their conversation.
John took another piece of ice and slid it down the length of Sherlock’s spine. He shifted under John’s weight, hands clenching into fists at his sides, but John bore down on him with his hips and laved his tongue down the slick trail where the ice cube had been.
Something shifted in Sherlock’s eyes at John’s request, and when John felt Sherlock shudder against him, he recognized the look as one of pure longing.
“But… he was different after. He was quieter, more withdrawn. He seemed to have lost that light-hearted boyishness, the conviction that he was invincible. There was a darkness in him that wasn’t there before.
Sherlock has never been so angry in his life. There is blackness at the corners of his vision. “Get. Out. Of. My. Way.”
Sherlock’s eyes are closed but he feels John’s fingers on his cheek, and then the gentle exhalation of John’s laughter against him.
It’s clear this time that John is ready, and he does not ask before slipping one, then two fingers easily in, savoring the feeling of John’s body gripping him as he buries both fingers up to the highest knuckle.
Molly lets go of his hand and the sound of her laughter as she does—light and full of happiness makes Sherlock sincerely hope that it doesn’t turn out to be a disaster.
He knows by now how much this affects John—he came almost immediately the previous two times Sherlock has done this, and that knowledge makes Sherlock’s own arousal increase, his heart stuttering in an eager staccato against his ribs, the blood rising in his face as he thinks about how John will be affected when it’s more than just his finger entering him.
He’s starting to wonder if he maybe he should go look for him, when Lestrade, seeing Sherlock waiting by the gangway, crosses the deck towards him, a bemused expression on his face.
John made a move as if to follow him but Lestrade’s voice stopped him. “John—don’t. It’s not worth it.”
In the whole of his short life Sherlock has never seen a view like the one before him now, the landscape so alien to him it resembles images he has only seen in books and paintings.
Although there is a busy street thronged with people mere feet from where they stand, the thick walls of the stucco buildings on either side of them absorb much of the noise, giving the illusion that they are miles away from anyone.
Sherlock takes John’s hand in his and leads him over the scrubbed surface of the deck, shining slick with moonlight, toward the staircase at the back of the ship, back the way they came so many hours earlier but now with their positions reserved, Sherlock leading, John following soundlessly behind, and Sherlock reflects just how much has changed in the short space of time. When he walked this way earlier, he did not know the feel of John Watson’s hands in his hair, the taste of his mouth, how he looked just before he kissed Sherlock, and Sherlock pities this former version of himself for all he did not know, how naïve, how inexperienced was this self from just a few hours ago.
His features are carved deep with sorrow, making him look infinitely older than he normally does. All of the light that usually illuminates his face, that seems to pour out of him as effortlessly as breath, is absent. It’s like the spark in him has gone dark, like all the life in him has been snuffed out.
Normally, this kind of interfering advice would incite Sherlock’s ire but instead Sherlock finds he is full of gratitude. Perhaps it’s just that something about this man’s kindness, his steadiness, reminds Sherlock of John, or maybe it’s just the fact that he’s only the second person on board the ship to not treat Sherlock with either scorn or neglect. Or it could simply be the fact that anyone who’s an enemy of Anderson is a friend of his. Whatever the reason, Sherlock finds he takes an instant liking to the man.
This time it’s Stapleton who starts singing. His booming baritone reverberates out over the golden water. “All for me grog, me jolly jolly grog!”
Everyone on the deck can feel it; every head has turned to watch, the men frozen at their work like clockwork figures not yet brought to life.
Sherlock settled a hand at the base of John’s neck, fingers rubbing gently through his hair, pulling him closer, his nose brushing John’s as he shifted the angle of the kiss.
He’s aware that he is making some kind of sound—too loud—because John’s fingers lift from Sherlock’s hair to press against his mouth.
Sherlock almost gasps in astonishment at the speed with which he moves along the narrow wooden beam out over the water.
“Certainly not! It’s far too hot this morning. Molly will remain indoors with me and we will work on her cross-stitch.”
John chose that moment to lick directly over Sherlock’s hole, pushing in slightly as he did, delighting in the give of the tight ring of muscle to his tongue.
John looks up at just that instant and spots Sherlock beside the mast. Catching Sherlock’s eye, he grins, and Sherlock swears by the look in John’s eyes that he knows
Worse still, seeing John look at him like that makes the tiny shard of jealousy wedged in under Sherlock’s heart feel suddenly like a betrayal. Why can’t Sherlock trust John as implicitly as John seems to trust him?
He pushes his face into John’s neck, knowing that he doesn’t deserve the embrace, but wanting it so badly he doesn’t protest. He can feel his tears trickling down John’s neck.
“There have been a lot of times in my life when someone I was meant to protect has gotten hurt under my watch. When someone I was meant to be saving has died under my hands. It’s par for the course when you’re a doctor.” He studied the backs of Sherlock’s hands in the half-light, the elegant shapes of his long fingers where they still covered his face. “Some have been worse than others, but one thing’s certain… it never gets any easier.”
“Mister Holmes!” The hurrying figure gasps, and at the sound of his voice, Sherlock’s feels his heart turn over in his chest.
Sherlock is so lost in the whirlwind of his thoughts that he almost forgets about Miss Hooper entirely.
“Go back to sleep, lad.” There is still kindness in Burns’ voice but Sherlock knows a warning when he hears one. “You shouldn’t be here.”
John could only think ONE person who is responsible of this and he did not hesitate to call the man who made him this, he is very angry and frustrated at the same time. So he shout the name through his vocal cords that could be heard downstairs and he thank god Mrs. Hudson is on her friends house this day.
Sherlock grabbed a blanket and put it over John. He petted John's head. As much as John wanted to resist, he didn't say anything or move because what Sherlock is doing calms his nerves. John feels heavy and his eyes fluttering. Sherlock continued to pet him until John dozed off.
Forty minutes has passed and he is watching a series in a telly and Sherlock is still in the kitchen with his experiments. He feels a sudden headache then it turns a bit dizzy and his visions are starting to blur.
"Sto-Sto-stop Sherlock! It's dirty and it feels weird" John blushes and gripping the sheets, closing his eyes feeling embarrassed. He feels like some kind of squishy and warm inside his hole roaming. His dick gets hard again and he does not want to admit but he feels so good.
Sherlock opens the lube and put it some in his hands especially on his fingers. Make it slick and slippery for easier to put inside it.
Or feel John's mouth around his cock sucking and bobbing his head up and down, it must be tight and warm just like his arsehole. Images of John doing some of the kinks that he likes to explore, is flowing in his mind like commercial ads. He could feel himself close to the edge and restraint his moans, aware not to wake up John.
"Sherlock! Please.." John said, with his eyes filled with tears. Sherlock went closer to John's ear and whispered.
"Well, I assure you it's top on the buttocks where the tail is intact, I know more in human anatomy than you do, as my profession of being a Doctor!"
Sherlock use it as a advantage and leaned closer to John until there faces are 5 inches away from each other. John tried his best to push the shoulder but it was futile.
"What will I get if I get you to come?" Sherlock asked, watching every move and expression John makes.
That he knows himself he is close to having his orgasm and the worse part, Sherlock has no intention on touching his prick to make him easier. He knows he should stop it but the pain that his dick needs an attention to release his cum is getting in his mind. Sherlock is still ramming his fingers inside John and it produce a slick sound of it because of wetness of the lube he used. John cannot held himself any longer but to put his shame a side for now.
Earlier, he's resisting with words - not with actions, he wriggles his ass to ask for more. And now? He's begging for Sherlock's prick to fit inside of him. Sherlock grabbed the lube from his bedside drawer and applied to his own dick.
With one final thrust, John came and Sherlock immediately pulled his dick out and came. John collapsed at the bed with his face still flushed. Sherlock took the hand towel again and cleaned John,the bed, and then himself. He covered John with a blanket.
John who tried himself to ignore the erections and he could feel his tail, moving to hide his hole and crotch. According to what he is thinking.
"When is the last time you have a prostate exam" Sherlock found that interesting and quietly get the lube under the bed, not to let John be aware of that.
"This is a examination John, don't tell me you use it for your pleasure. . . " Sherlock said with a husk voice then he leaned down to whisper on John's left ear "You are very Naughty boy"
"Open your legs wider, John" John did not know why his body obeys but he did open his legs wider for Sherlock.
Sherlock opened the door and look at John with a surprise in his facial expression but John did not buy it because he knew, he put SOMETHING in his TEA. He should have not accept that cup of tea, from this day onward he would not accept any drinks that Sherlock is going to give him.
"I only need to examine your body, to see where the tail is intact, that is all, John" Sherlock crawls on the bed again and make sure that John would not move his legs.
He noticed the tips of the tail is twitching, So John is not sleeping after all, maybe he woke up a few minutes ago and now pretending to be asleep. There are 12 signs of cat tails can tells their emotions or feeling and right now John's is full on alert and somehow interested. On how this situation would go, well, he won't anticipate any escape that it is clearly in his mind thinking right now.
"Patient come to you to show there body, I do not think there is any reason for you and me have any Privacy at all" Sherlock countered it with ease and it made John gulps.
"H-Harder.." John said, panting heavily. Sherlock did as he was told to. He thrusts harder and faster. John had his eyes rolled at every thrust Sherlock makes. On the other hand, Sherlock, despite feeling the pleasure of fucking John, still observed him. He pulled out his dick when he saw John on the verge of coming.
"You're not satisfied, are you?" Sherlock whispered to John's left ear. He felt his cheeks heat up to his ears. He was trying to control his breath given the fact that he was panting. He faced Sherlock with his brave face on.
Sherlock left the room quietly and went straight to the bathroom. He feels his trouser are tightening and he feels his prick throbbing. He locked the door behind him and start the shower running. He undress his shirt and trousers along with his boxer and throws it in the basket then he step inside the shower and let the water pour downs on his hair and body.
He strokes faster and grips it, imagined John moaned his name at the end, then he come. He slides down and sits on the floor then calm his breathing, face flushed. Three minutes have passed then he stands up again and wash his body.
He opens the cabinet and get the scissors, it is sharp enough to cut the hideous Jumper and strip it off. That is what Sherlock thought in his mind and he go back to the room. John stares at the scissor, on Sherlock's hand twirling the handle like he is ready to cut the clothes into two. John ready his legs to kick Sherlock on the crotch, if he needed to, just to stop him from cutting his Jumper or strip him naked.
"Seems like you're going to have some fun." The clerkman said and smirked. He took a box underneath his counter. "I suggest you buy this too. It's really good. I tried it with my friend." The clerkman gave it to Sherlock.
He sits on the side and then pet on John's head, its dangerous on a situation like this. So tempting, but he stops himself before something bad happens, Sherlock goes back to the bathroom and get a wet hand towel and then walk backs to the bedroom again. He sits beside his blogger then he carefully turns John's body on his back.
It hits on his prostate and John bites the pillow to keep himself clear-sighted. John feels the ecstasy run inside his body, when the tongue jabbing its way, in and out. He feels Sherlock grabs his dick and strokes it, John feels an urge to be filled inside. He feel himself loosen from being prepped and he starts to like the feeling of the tongue do its work.
"I need my eyes to see, that your statement is true" Sherlock start to cut the Jumper into two and then he unbutton the blue shirt, leaving John feels chilled by the cold air touched on his skin. Then he lifts John's back in one hand then quickly yanked the trouser down, then take it off.
When John wakes up, blinking his eyes to adjust his vision then he tried to sit up. He have felt something twitching above his head and another twitch behind his back. He put his hands on his head and felt something like it is his ear but it does not feel right then he realized the shape.
"Wha-what? No . . (Ahh!) . . It's not like that" Sherlock hits the sweet spot again and it made John mewled with his cat instincts. Sherlock twist his fingers and slams it inside. John's mind is clouding with pleasure as he cannot take the torture any longer.
"This is rubbish Sherlock, and you know that, So please stop on whatever you are going to do next" John tried his best to kick but it fails when Sherlock is taking advantage on their position.
John made a whimper when Sherlock does that and a tear forming on his baby blue eyes looking at Sherlock. His face is red up to his neck with a teary eye and his Cat ears bends down, he looks so cute. Sherlock tried to restrain himself from ravishing John, right now, on his bed. John might not realize yet but he is laying on Sherlock's bed.
"Well, good luck with that" John scoffs and then Sherlock gets down from the bed, he look at John once and then he goes to the kitchen.
John was panting as he came. He is on the verge of collapsing due to the fact that he is sexually frustrated at the moment he turned into a cat. He have his face on the surface of the bed. His wrists, still cuffed hanging on the headboard. Despite the moment of pleasure, he still managed to keep his position.
Sherlock is so amused in John's reaction. He never expected John's body to be this honest. Of course, he already knew that there is a high possibility John would punch him after. He knows he should remember that what he's doing is an examination. John feels blood rush to his cheeks. He's definitely embarrassed to the noise he's making. Sherlock took out his fingers. John doesn't know if he should feel relief or disappointment. He was close. He was close until Sherlock stopped.
Sherlock use his finger to trace John's back to the tail, John arch his back where he could feel the the fingers circling around the tail near his buttocks. He want to hide his erections since it would not go down, because of the stupid sensation lingering on his tail.
He does not how Sherlock do his work to his body like that, he feel the surroundings is so warm and he start to sweat, he feels his body is in heat and feel agitated in something. He does not know how to describe but he does not want it to stop or else the uncomfortable heat will be back again.
"Please. . . .Sherlock. . .let me come" Sherlock leaned down and whisper on John's left ear then ramming his fingers inside his hole.
John is on all fours and still on the bed, the hands still cuffed on the board. He regret to even be smug earlier that thinking the detective's brilliant mind cannot think of this tactic. He should have never underestimate on his pursue to see his intact tail.
Sherlock gulps when he finally see the whole body of John, since he can't even have the slightest chance to see it. He even tried to walk in the bathroom and pretend he did not know John is taking a shower. Always failed because John always locked it.
Sherlock made a experiment two days ago and it has finished one hour ago before it was 7:00 am in the morning, he found his roommate is still asleep, he use this chance to put four drops of a vial experiment in the cup of tea. When John woke up and came downstairs, ready to make his tea in the morning.
John Blushes and keeping his head down, afraid that Sherlock sees it. He feels embarrassed and exposed in front of a man, who's have an clear observation.
"Hello John, I know you are furious right now and ready to throw a punch in my face but I want to remind you that violence don't resolve anything"
"Well. . . .let's all calm down, take a deep breath, John, that effect won't last long and I am proud that it works well, it will take 3 to 6 days for the effect to wear off" Sherlock said standing far away from John.
"Anything?" Sherlock said, deeply. John nodded, dutifully. John doesn't care what Sherlock wil make him do. He's sure it will be related to one of his experiments or cases. Sherlock grinned and positioned himself. He inserted his prick and started thrusting. John moaned louder and louder as Sherlock thrust faster and harder. Their rhythm is perfect.
"What do you want me to do?" Sherlock said, teasing John. He's also getting frustrated on the fact that he was also on the verge of coming. John buried his face on the pillow with his tail down spiraling his leg. John mumbled his answer in the pillow, his ears turns bright red. Sherlock grabs John's prick that made John gasp.
"What are you trying to do, next?" John asks and Sherlock shrugs it, he proceed to lifts up the Jumper but failed because John does not want to cooperate.
"Anything. I'll do anything." John said, desperate for Sherlock's dick. Sherlock caressed John's butt cheek.
"You are stuttering, nervous, and a hint of shyness. I know you have erections between your legs where your tail desperately try to cover it. I can see it clearly, John, there is no point of hiding it."
"I can't hear you." Sherlock gave John one good rub at its tip. John shivered at the sensation, making him more frustrated than ever. John raised his head and tilted to his right to look at Sherlock. His face and ears are already bright red.
John moaned by the sensation, he grips on the sheet, his knuckles turning white. He feels the hardness of the dick and the way it fills him inside makes him feel euphoria. Sherlock grabs John's hips to prevent him moving and that will spoil the fun. However John has different opinion about that and suddenly Sherlock feels the ass has tightens and he cursed at the pleasure John is giving him.
Sherlock looks at the Cat tail and he grabs it without warning, John yelps and it produce a very cute sound when he does it, he blushed and trying to get Sherlock's hands off of his tail because it is sensitive. Sherlock looked at John's blushing face and it looks so adorable, he did not release the tail from his hand even though John tries to pry his hands off but it only grips it.
Then Sherlock stops and John whimpered when it feels empty inside, Sherlock found this piece of observation on John, quite interesting and it means that John's Animalistic instinct is starting to induce. Sherlock grabs John's hip, raise it higher till John's position is presenting his ass to him. He feels John's body is begin to be warm in heat.
He went to a store. He grabbed a couple of things and shoot it in his basket. He placed his basket on the counter and the clerk stared at him and the things in his basket.
John feel a bit weird, there is a bad feeling when he drank the tea that Sherlock made for him but he paid no mind and continue reading his newspaper. He appreciate the effort when Sherlock make the tea for him and that is a sweet gesture for his day off.
John whimpers at his fail attempt and this time he refuse to say it but he cannot take it anymore. John murmured and with some tears on his eyes. His face is flushed and lips are red from biting it earlier when he tries to hold his moans.
After taking his business, he close the shower and steps out of it. He slide his hair on the back, then he grabs the towel and put around his waist. He unlocked the door and step out the bathroom, he walks quietly to his bedroom where John still laying on the bed sleeping.
"I'm... Haa... I'm c-close.." John managed to say even though he's panting and moaning. Sherlock grabbed John's dick and rubbed it making him moan louder. John's really close to coming and had his mouth hanged, gasping for air. Sherlock took this chance to grab his face with his free hand and kiss John. Their tongues feeling each other made John purr and shiver.
John saw a blonde tail beside his thigh and he touch it, then he feels a sudden rush to his lower part.
"Sher-sherlock. . . I. .(Aah!) . I. . please let me (Aamh!) come!" Sherlock find him cute like that begging for him to finish it. Sherlock nipped on John's ear lobe and licks it.
Sherlock glanced on John's wrist and saw it redden. He uncuff John's wrist and kisses it. In John's mind he wants to run away but he feels his legs are jelly to move, to begin with. John lay on the bed and relax a bit because he know it is over.
"T-take it out!" John tries to resist but the pleasure he feels is so amazing to the point where he can't keep his face up. Sherlock twisted his fingers and John reacted so erotically.
John was only left on his open shirt and a boxer shorts, his jumper already cut to pieces, and left on the floor like a pile of shredded cloth. He is still cuffed on the bed board and Sherlock is on top of him, eyeing his body like some kind of delicious meal on the table.
"St-sto-stop. . ." John feels his sensitive tail being touched on the tips makes him closed his legs, to hide his erections. His strenght are starting to fade when he feels the sudden pleasure goes through his body.
John's stirred a bit but still sound asleep and then Sherlock use the hand towel to clean John's stomach and the bed sheet where John's cum is all over it. After that then he put it on the bedside table. He cannot help himself but to look at John's lip, he thought that John's mouth would taste like strawberry jam since he knows, that's what he eats in the morning. It would tastes like sweet perhaps.
"I'm. . .I'm Fine. . . .please. . .move, Sherlock" John begs and he move his hips forward to Sherlock, eager to be fucked and he feels needy. Sherlock complied on John's request and he start to move his hips by pulling out first then slams it in.
John begged between his moans and stutters when he feels the finger ramming inside him. And the heat beneath him where he feel Sherlock's breathing on his left ear.
"Are.. Are you okay?" Sherlock asked. John peered over at Sherlock to see his face. His face is flushed and he's sweating even though the room should be cold.
Where John Watson is in the flat having his tea in the living room, reading his newspaper. Sherlock is in the kitchen working on his experiments looking through his microscope with goggles on his eyes. Sherlock will look at John's direction from time to time, aware of John not to know he is looking at him. He is waiting on the outcome of his experiment and that is observing his flatmates behavior.
He walk straight to the kitchen and he was stopped by Sherlock's arm from going further. Sherlock smiled and give him the cup of tea which there is a vial in it, John look at it suspiciously and before he take it, he ask some questions first.
"Sher-sherlock~~ to-tou-touch my cock, I-I. . . want to come, it hurts. . . ." John asks between stuttering and pants, Sherlock smirks and torture John a bit.
Sherlock remember, he have a hand cuffs that he puts under the bed, in case this kind of situation to happen. He released the tail and swiftly fast enough to cuff the hands on the bed board. John is surprised on the hand cuff.
"I-I was just thinking that you really suck at conducting prostate exam." John managed to smirk. Sherlock smiled at John. A dark smile that made John shiver.
John grunted loudly to show his displeasure to what Sherlock did. It made his stomach hurt because he wasn't able to come.
He bent himself down just to make his prick and the bed to have a contact. Then he move his hips, just to make himself have some satisfying release. Sherlock let go John's tail then he proceed to grab the hips to prevent him move any further.
"We're not done yet." Sherlock started probing John's arse. John grabbed a handful of sheets as Sherlock continues to tease him. John sealed his mouth shut. He doesn't want Sherlock to know he has really good fingering skills.
Now he can see it whole except the boxers, the only thing that stand between him and the lovely ass. Sherlock slowly pulled the boxers down to the knees, he could feel John's back shuddered and tensed. He can see where the tail is intact just as what John said earlier.
"Well you are not-" John was cut off by Sherlock's finger that put inside his delicate butt hole, which it made John a surprise sound of mewl. It could made everyone Awed, if they hear it.
He feel something on the bed is vibrating and hears it clearly. He leaned down and look at John purring on the pillow, in a state of distress. And it clicked something, it is not because of how the tail is sensitive it's. . . . A Cat in Heat. Sherlock thought about being a good friend and that is helping them, out of their misery isn't it? And that is a good thing to do, helping each other.
"Sher- Sherlock. . . Please. . . . Do-don't grip it, it's very se- sensitive" John said in a whimper, he feels helpless and the blood rush to his south is not making this situation any better. John does not like being vulnerable or showing his weakness in front of other people.
long! I was going to say that I wasn’t going to tell you, but I would like to avoid sleeping there tonight to see if anything changes without a fresh dose of bodily oils; I was up all night on my laptop last night, sitting in my chair, so it wasn’t an issue. So I’ll sleeping on the couch tonight. Just in case you came downstairs and wondered.”
Anderson didn’t think he could be happier when he unwrapped his Christmas present to find a Blu-Ray copy of Disney’s “Dinosaur” at the Yard Christmas party. Then he saw who it was from: Sally. How she had found out about his secret passion for all things prehistoric he would never know, but he was not about to complain.
“I know the affect dreams can have on the mind,” Sherlock continued, “especially when they’re unpleasant. For being mere figments of the imagination, they can sometimes feel very real.”
The team was available later that morning, which was lucky, as they seemed to be pretty busy. His shoulder hurt just watching them carry his bed frame and mattress up all of those stairs, but he was able to carry some boxes, so he didn’t feel useless the whole time. They were efficient and handled everything with care; John was completely moved in within an hour. When they were gone, John sat on his newly made-up bed.
After all, John had never dreamed about a kiss or anything; Holmes stroking Watson’s foot with his ankle was the most physical they ever were. It was mostly from their shared glances and subtle remarks that he gleaned romance. He and Sherlock had just as many shared glances and even full on stares. Their conversations often contained innuendo that Sherlock didn’t seem to pick up on. They brushed shoulders more than strictly necessary. People were constantly mistaking them for a couple.
When John’s head stopped spinning long enough to comprehend what Sherlock was jabbering about, he found out what had happened in the real world during his nap. Lestrade had texted about a police friend in Warwick with a double homicide case. All thoughts about the dream experiment evaporated like a cartoon dust cloud in Sherlock’s wake. He didn’t even acknowledge the fact that John had been asleep, as opposed to their previous quiet mornings around the flat when he would harass John for every single detail of his dream to add to his spreadsheet.
Sherlock did not break Anderson’s rule. But would that matter to Anderson if he heard that Sherlock had been found down on the gun deck presumably looking for John?
The sooner Sherlock is able to deduce what’s going on with the captain, the sooner he will gain the leverage he needs to get Anderson
He charged around the side of the couch and locked his arms around Sherlock’s waist. With a grunt, he hoisted him off his feet and into the air. Sherlock let out a yell of protest.
“I did, indeed,” John says, grinning. “And a fine nap it was. There’s nothing beats sleeping on deck in the tropical sun.”
John reached around to snatch the duvet back over his shoulders and then let out a snort of undignified laughter at the frantic expression on Sherlock’s face as he scrambled to get out of the bed.
John hugs her too before she goes. He’s looking forward to finding out what part Molly had to play in all this. Clearly he has underestimated her.
“Your mistake is that you had the arrogance to think you could get the best of us.” John watched through the crack in the door as the man leveled his gun at Sherlock’s forehead. “That, and the fact that you left your little sidekick behind in the ballroom. I suppose there are worse ways to die, but being burned alive; well I’d say that’s pretty bad. You can count yourself lucky that I’m giving you a bullet through the brain. Any last words, Mr. Holmes?”
“You don’t have to stay,” John told Lestrade for the third time. “We can just get a cab home from here.”
Sherlock bids farewell to the rest of John’s mess, ignoring the look of irrepressible mirth in Patterson’s eyes as he turns to go.
Sherlock is so stunned by this interaction that he is left standing in the middle of the corridor for a good minute after the Colonel’s departure.
“You are lucky, sir,” the man tells him in thickly accented English. “I am just about to leave. Only waiting for—”
“So, what do you think?” Sherlock can hear the smile in John’s voice before he turns to look at him. “Was it worth the wait?”
John felt a hand lift the duvet and then a long warm body was pressing in against his back, curling in around him. Sherlock was wearing a worn t-shirt and a pair of pajama bottoms. John felt the soft cotton press in against his back and shivered appreciatively at the added warmth.
And so, as they dance—John’s arms around him, his mouth very close to Sherlock’s ear—John begins to sing, in a language Sherlock has never heard before.
Sherlock could feel the power in John’s hands just from his gentle placement of them on Sherlock’s shoulders.
What’s still unclear is whether he’d intended to kill Lestrade, or simply put him out of commission for a night to keep him out of the way.
He loved hearing the sounds of Sherlock losing control, the gasping, desperate quality to his breathing. It was such a small thing, but to John, who knew Sherlock better than anyone, who knew how difficult it was for him to let go, the significance of those delicate shifts in the air coming in and out of his lungs, catching on its way out of his throat, made him moan in reciprocal arousal, his hips jerking instinctively forward to find friction for his cock.
John could hear he was offended from the tone of his voice—just mildly offended; his voice was only slightly huffy. John’s heart was still pounding. He put his face in his hands. He felt sick.
He leaned forward, this time giving in to the temptation offered by that enticing heat—he licked the crease where Sherlock’s buttocks met his thigh, following the curve until he found Sherlock’s bollocks, which were drawn up tight against his body. He let his breath fan over them; heard Sherlock whimper above him.
John rounded the corner into the living room and stopped dead in his tracks when he caught sight of Sherlock. He had to shut his mouth to stop himself from gasping. Hardly surprising that Sherlock in a three-piece tailored suit transformed him into sex on legs, but the sight of it still literally took John’s breath away.
“Do you like it?” John asked after a long silence, looking at Sherlock, who seemed frozen, still holding the toy tightly. The detective finally reacted, “Yes, thank you” he said rapidly. He left the plushie on the couch, together with the pillows.
“Stop,” John commanded, Sherlock sucked him the last time briefly licking with delicate force the skin that had gone wrinkling, before letting him go, with a facade of innocence that John wanted to destroy.
“Sherlock,” John warned him but the detective shook his head interrupting him, “Please,” he said, his voice was cracking.
John looked down at him, seeing him falling and his words soothed his anger, he let his hand run on his curls, “I don't want to see you getting hurt, Sherlock” he said sweetly, yet sadness permeated his tone “I don't want to lose you” he whispered.
Sherlock inhale deeply, he wanted to stand up, to kick that man out of his house, but his body refused to move, “Piss off” he hissed instead.
And now he was kneeling in front of him, still quite stroked by the sudden change of strategy he clearly had to take. John had explained him this was a pretty simple exercise about positions, Sherlock hadn't heard much else, making a point on not listening.
“I can smell the reek of my brother's anti-loss shampoo from a mile away” Sherlock commented dryly, “So unless you had a not programmed shower at his house after an intense chatting, I would assume you did something else.”
“Now, little brat,” John said, the anger in his voice was making Sherlock feeling little indeed, and only a part of him felt offended by the epithet, “Last chance, or this is getting very bad,” he warned, “Apologise, immediately.”
John touched him, caressing his backside gently, feeling the swollen of his burning hot flesh. With his other hand, he grabbed the bar of soap. Sherlock let it out and immediately his sobs filled the room. He distantly heard them, barely realizing he was the one making those pitiful noises.
“You are not going to therapy anymore, against the Doctor's suggestion” the detective reminded him, “So why are you still writing this?”
“Why do you have Lestrade's phone?” John asked, he was trying to be calm with the sub, the absurdity of the situation was kind of helping him with the rage he knew he should be feeling.
“Since we are here already,” John said suddenly as Sherlock breath was slowing, “let's continue our little lesson, shall we?” the detective heartbeat was calming down, his head clearing again.
John's collar was wide, quite more evident than many, it covered a big part of his neck. Real leather, not an artificial one, possibly one of the more expensive things John possessed, handmade finely. Strangely it seemed quite new, usually, Dominants had only a collar, and John had been a trainer for quite some time, maybe he didn't give it to just any sub he trained?
John caressed him again for a brief moment, then he let his hand fell again on the now bared cheeks.
When the Dom touched him, caressing his thighs in gentle circles with the wooden paddle he had picked, the sub leaned forward, exposing his backside arching his spine. The paddle was cold against his skin, he craved it.
The agents returned in the living room, holding a striking pink suitcase, “Well, good luck, Doctor Watson,” Greg said, “I will let you deal with him”.
John contemplated his sub, the overwhelming awe he could feel radiating from him touched his deepest core, he could feel his cock blossoming with arousal already at that sight alone.
They spent countless hours together, outside his strict training, cuddling or doing their respective things, but still sharing the space. Sherlock would still be his sub and John required him to still be respectful and obedient to him, always, but outside scenes the heaviness of his Dominant side was lifted. Sherlock had never thought he would be treated as a person around his Dom, but yet the normality of his interactions with John outside scenes surprised him.
“Come with me,” the Dom ordered suddenly stopping his light touch. He stood up and, as Sherlock made to stand up too, John stopped him “Crawl, boy” he said sharply “I don't recall to have told you you to get on your feet”.
“Sherlock, anything on the menu is free for you and your pet,” Angelo said, his Italian accent rolling on the words as he offered them the menu with theatrical cheerfulness, he looked smiling at John.
John looked at him, quite dazed, he cleared his voice, but Sherlock spoke before he could, “You know,” he started, opening his eyes, “My brother has enough power to throw half of the world in a nuclear holocaust,” he said, his voice was profound, “Yet, his Dom texts him to remember him he is not allowed to touch himself every time he goes on a business trip” he considered, there was no mocking in his tone.
They hadn't stopped at John's house, not that the doctor had expected to, and he had been driven to an opulent office he didn't recognize instead.
Sherlock again collapsed, breathing heavily, even the part of him that had wanted to continue his torment forever had given up.
The strap fell with a loud crack. The holes in the thick leather allowed the full speed to arrive on Sherlock's skin.
“Hush, boy,” John said, firmly but still with that sweet calm he had before, “You are doing so well,” he added with a whisper.
Victor had tried to hide the signs of the abuse, avoiding to talk about his collar and to whom it belonged, but Sherlock had inevitably found out.
Sherlock looked at him as if he had as if acknowledging the doctor’s presence for the first time, “Maryland” the detective answered, returning his eyes to his phone, typing fast on the keyboard, while making room to John leaving him the seat on the backseat.
All force was drained from Sherlock, his struggling let space to floating exhaustion, turning liquid beneath his Dominant, and he let himself get lost in John's rumbling carps matching the pulsing friction inside him.
“Give me your belt, Sherlock” John commanded him. He had put a chair in the middle of the room and he was now waiting for Sherlock to obey.
He sensed the weight of the doctor climbing on the bed, and then a leather crop pampered in circles his still cooling skin.
The detective could feel his whole new life being dissected by his brother's glare, his newfound tastes, the punishments he deep down enjoyed, and the rules he followed now, all was, despite himself, transpiring and bringing a subtle smile on Mycroft's face.
He knelt and finally, breathed slowly. He dared for a brief moment to look at his Dom, the profound disappointment in his eyes made him cringed with guilt, and that made his heart jumped with naughty arousal.
His strings extended all over the country and even beyond it, in total anonymity, and the price for that had just been to kneel for a few hours and looking sorry when reprimanded and whipped by some well-paid disciplinarian.
John exploded “Then why? Why would you kill yourself, enlighten me please,” the doctor said sarcastically and shaken with rage.
A metallic cold object took John's fingers place. The contact, so different and sudden, made Sherlock almost jump again, partially waking up from the state of bliss he had fallen into. He felt his hole opening, forcefully in a vaguely aching way, he grunted. He could feel his muscles trying, out of his control, to expel the object, but John pushed it deeply in him, giving him the last spark of blessed throb before the plug finally settled.
“It's about cleaning to please me, Sherlock” John suggested with a mellow tone, “And I will make sure to make it interesting even for you” he added grinning.
“You are getting a little greedy, you know that?” Greg said with a forced facade of displeasure at his sub's manners. Mycroft stayed still for a brief moment, conflicted between apologizing or not, “No, I am not” he said instead, his voice ridiculously pinched against the sheets.
The leash in fact was new to the detective. When John had asked him if he wanted to invite his brother and the DI over, Sherlock had made a face. He had been avoiding his brother for a while now and the last thing he wanted was to see was his gloating face at seeing his submission.
He came inside him immediately after, his whole body trembled with a sparkle, he let the sub collar go, grabbing his hair instead before letting him go and fall on the bed, next to his beloved sub.
When Sherlock woke up the first thing he felt was the stinging on his hands. He moved, hissing a bit. His wrists were tied. That couldn't be a good sign.
“Fancy something to eat, sir?” he had asked suddenly, interrupting abruptly his considerations on the serial killer.
Sherlock had gone missing hours ago, he had sneaked out, running through the fingers of the man who was supposed to take care of him.
Sherlock swallowed, caught unaware by the stern remark. John, still holding him tightly by the collar, grabbed the wooden paddle that he had left on the armchair, just behind him.
Sherlock looked hurt, his teary eyes, slowly falling in subspace, looked at him for a split second before actually returning to the humiliating position. He bent his back, exposing his ass again, red with wide stripes.
“Now, suck” Sherlock rolled his eyes, but he complied, sucking John's fingers to the knuckles, increasing his enthusiasm as he went on, not moving his glare from John's, looking at the Dom's eyes filling with lust and sure his provocation wasn't going unnoticed.
John grabbed his hand as he stood up, squeezing it with tender force. He raised Sherlock's chin with the other, the sub met his eyes, wildly wide pupils, black against the icy color looked in the Doctor's kind eyes. He kissed his forehead, and, as the sub offered them, his lips, biting them tenderly.
Before Sherlock could argue, John's fingers returned in his mouth, “Suck, again, boy,” the doctor commanded. For a moment Sherlock delayed to obey, surprised by the response he had gotten, but then, with far less enthusiasm, he returned to suck the doctor's fingers.
He had always been a weird Dominant, he was actually so bad at acting like one that the fact nobody had ever suspected the truth before his dramatic sub drop was surprising even considering the idiocy of humankind. But on the other hand, he had never acted as a sub either, happy in his limbo between the two and far from both sides.
John watched as Sherlock took every bite from his fingers, chewing slowly and swallowing for then let his forehead leaning against the doctor's knee. The Dom's mind was lingering in the thought he was nurturing his boy, that his most primal need was in his hands, and he caressed every time Sherlock's lips, as in silent praise for letting himself be taken care of.
“See,” Greg said calmly, “It's like they regress to five years old when they are together, for some reason,” he said, Mycroft looked at his Dominant with fake innocence, he couldn't sure be blamed for what had just happened, “Except super manipulator five years old”, the DI added.
“Back up, heel position, Sherlock” the Dom ordered. The sub obeyed with a wobbling movement. As he straightened, he could feel the new weight in him adjusting, he opened his mouth for a brief moment as he felt his hole, opening and clenching in pulse around the plug.
He had thought to handle the situation in a rational way, to not get too involved, to simply get his way with sharp deductions that inevitably would disarm the guy, to scare him off as it always has done.
Mycroft was smiling too, Greg grabbed his thin hair, “And you,” he said menacingly, “Try not to make it so hard for your brother for once” he commanded. “Yes, sir” Mycroft answered immediately.
Sherlock frowned, “What do you mean, sir?” he asked, “Your training, Sherlock,” the doctor said, as that was enough of an explanation.
“You would think times are changed now,” he continued, “But I see people every day, they behave like nobody is there, I hear their conversations, see their half-hidden gestures,” he commented, “And guess what? Subs are still subs,” he smiled,  “You have no life ahead Sherlock,” his tone had gone dark, “They will trick you, eventually, they will bend you, and what's worse, you will like it,” he said, opening the tube he was holding in his hand.
The idea that he would lose his intellect if he didn't submit from time to time, that he would become insane, as in those horrors story that periodically appeared in the news, had disgusted him, but later he had discovered that being a sub, like anything else, could become a weapon.
“Correct,” John cheered, Sherlock rolled his eyes, “A lot of Dominants like to have their sub to wear it almost always,” he continued, ignoring the sub's attitude, “But I honestly prefer to see what influence I have on my subs and have them exposed in front of me” he added, his tone turning maliciously dark in the last part, watching closely the flash his words caused in Sherlock's eyes.
Sherlock was glad John hadn't put a lock on his collar, he knew that would have sounded too much as a challenge and that he would have opened it just to show the doctor he was able to. Without it, he didn't feel, not even remotely, the wish to take off John's precious gift.
Hello everyone, hope you are doing fine. Sorry if updates go by fits and starts, I'm trying to finish my major eventually and so I am taking so many exams I rarely have a break to write something.
“Now, put your hands behind your back,” the Dom ordered and again Sherlock obeyed,  “Perfect” he praised.
“Come, boy, my beautiful brat” Greg growled, “Come for me, show me how much you like it” and Mycroft came, Greg felt his body tensing around him for a split second, collapsing with sobbed moans.
When the blows started to sting and his skin turning red, Sherlock's moans filled the room, his fingers grasped the couch fabric and then John's trousers with convulsing movements as his legs started to kick the air.
He could vaguely feel his cock was filling, the unexpected arousal had turned his moans into lustful sounds, interrupted only by the hiccups that were clenching his throat. A little part of his brain, still kind of aware of the situation, was screaming in shame, the rest had subsided in a dream-like state.
The detective closed his eyes, resting on the older man's chest, hearing John's heart pumping fast and powerfully, his hands were caressing his body, running soothingly all over his back, to his thighs. He closed his eyes, falling asleep.
John had nodded, he had left the sub kneeling in the living room. Sherlock had started to fall in the sweet guilt he felt when he was in trouble, knowing that soon forgiveness will come, that he would earn it, through hot pain and tears.
The sudden emptiness made Sherlock whimpered as John exited from him, his whole body was covered with sweat and the cum and lube were sticking in a pleasant warmth his sore hole.
“Hmm,” John said, “Is that what you think a relationship is?” he asked, looking at him closely, almost concerned and definitely curious. Sherlock didn't answer and just looked away.
At the start, the crop had felt overwhelming on his cold skin and Sherlock had been sure he couldn't take it, he had screamed with real pain, but the more it went on more it had turned in that liquid pleasure he had felt when John had spanked him.
Sherlock prepared and served him the food, it was the only bit of service he actually remembered to do without being asked.
John kissed his forehead, “You did a good job, boy” he whispered, rising Sherlock's chin to force his eyes away from his crotch to meet his eyes, “I think you deserve your reward, good boy” he said. His finger brushed Sherlock's cock, teasing him through the cage for a short moment before he made it tinged opened.
He panted hard through the nose, holding his breath as the metal clamps closed around his nipple, the pain was stinging, sharp and fast, and then fading rapidly, but as soon as he made the slightest movement, a new wave of fire would irradiate. He didn't like them, he decided immediately, they weighted on his tender skin, unpleasantly turning it oversensitive, but as John brushed them, causing new pain, his legs trembled.
At that, the sub lost it, he grabbed the leash and pulled it with all force, forcing it from John's fingers. “What the hell do you think you are doing?” John finally thundered, grabbing Sherlock by one of the rings of his collar and meeting with angry eyes his sub's glare. The rage Sherlock had felt deflated suddenly, realizing how incredibly easy he had made for his brother to accomplish what he wanted. He sank on his knees, bowing his head deeply,  John forced his forehead against the ground grabbing him by the curls.
“You know, it wouldn't kill you answering the phone once in a while,” Greg said looking at Sherlock. The detective rolled his eyes, “Then write something less stupid than 'Are you ok'” he answered, dramatically annoyed.
“Permanent damage” Sherlock repeated hissing, “He was almost killed, of course he will have permanent damage, Mycroft!” he exclaimed, repeating his brother choice of words with disgust, “And all because someone thought to be an excellent idea to put a sign on them,
“You mean on us, baby brother” Mycroft corrected, he was looking at his coffee with disgust and the satisfied look had returned on his face.
Mycroft Holmes was sitting on a chair in front of him behind an antique-looking imposing wooden desk. Despite being a sub, as the collar clearly suggested, he surely didn't behave as one, and if John hadn't known any better, he was sure he would have found him intimidating.
Sherlock clenched his jaw in annoyance as he remembered how he had melted the first time he had been hand-fed by John, how he had licked his fingers with lust as the subspace had started to creep around him, “It was different” he commented lowly, “I'm awake now”.
He then changed expression, smiling at John, “You know, I am an expert on dealing with the Holmes,” he said cordially, “We could have our little support group.”
When he had presented the implement, he had knelt without John asking him to. It had seemed appropriate, the detective had thought, that was how he had seen Mycroft asking anything to his own Dominant during that horrible time he had to live with the couple during the nth drug treatment of his.
He could feel the musky scent of John's pubes and the salty taste of pre-cum, it was inebriating, he closed his eyes, losing himself in it.
In his period with John he had managed to collect few things about the Doctor, besides the obvious deductions the man was surprisingly private, a professional deformation maybe? Sherlock was his patient a troublesome sub in need of training, was it common costume to do personal gifts to patients?
The detective took a deep breath “People can’t tell how I work because they walk around, blind and obtuse as a flock of bovines, ignoring everything their eyes see, unable to even do the slightest deduction. I just connect what I see” the young detective said. Jack raised his eyebrow at the flippant explanation, while John smiled apologetically.
“Oh, I met her already,” John said, “Who do you think opened me the front door when you were too busy sulking” he added. Sherlock shrugged, he didn't' really have given that detail enough care.
After the last quite intense scene that had introduced Sherlock to the pleasures of subspace, they hadn't seen each other for two days.
John took his chin, and kissed his lips intensely, hungrily, Sherlock let himself be taken, whimpering as the Dom bit his lips lightly, “Such a good boy,” John murmured, letting him go and getting up to put the plate in the sink.
After a moment of silence, examining the bluish hands of a horrible disfigured dark-haired woman “So how do you do it?” Sherlock asked suddenly. Will frowned.
He finished the intricate bond he had made and stopped to admire his own work, the ropes tied the sub's arms from the shoulders to the wrist in a tight tidy ramification. Sherlock was kneeling, the ropes were forcing his back to arc, exposing his muscles and his naked freshly shaved body.
Sherlock got up to his feet, “Where are you going?” John yelled behind him, this time actually angry.
“Put your hands behind your head, Sherlock,” John commanded, “I wouldn't like you to hurt them more than they are already.”
Humiliation crept coloring Sherlock's cheeks with a light pink that John, deep down, found adorable, “That doesn't mean I will find it any less degrading,” the sub retorted.
When John had returned with a new bar of soap he had found in that mess of Sherlock's bathroom. The detective had looked at it for a brief moment, a hint of regret had raised from the pit of his stomach and he had glared meaningfully at his Dom. You can't be serious, he had thought.
John had truly tried to make Sherlock as comfortable as possible, he had allowed him to wear clothes, thing that he hadn't in a while, but that didn't mean the detective would be allowed to pretend he wasn't a sub. The rather stupid humiliation Sherlock was feeling for something so natural as kneeling for his Dom in front of others had to come to an end eventually, and the two people who seemed to be closer to Sherlock had seemed like a good start.
His fingers were tidily bandaged, yellow stains surfaced on the white gauze. He struggles with the padded cuffs on his wrists, clanging the iron bars of the hospital bed he was laying on.
Every order John's commanding voice gave started to have an effect on him, and he, every time more and sincerely, whispered “Yes, Sir” as he rushed to oblige.
And Greg complied, he rode him, pushing himself in him with his hips, feeling the warmth of Mycroft's almost purple ass, renewing the pain in the moaning sub, “Please, Sir” Mycroft panted, “May I come, please, I'll be good, I promise” the sub plead In confused rushed words, hearing himself vaguely from the depths of subspace.
Lestrade was a pretty strict Dominant, he was demanding and unforgivable towards the behavior he expected from Mycroft, he was challenging, and that was exactly what the submissive liked about him the most, he would thrive on knowing he was winning, that he was good no matter how easy it was to fail.
At Sherlock's flat, Mycroft had already understood he had screwed up, Lestrade's glaring had been more than eloquent about it, yet he had been too distracted by Sherlock's screams coming from the other room to feel guilty. At that moment, he had been too busy gloating on his brother's suffering and satisfied on knowing that finally Sherlock was been taken care of.
The doctor kept caressing him, “I know you are, darling” he whispered sweetly, washing away a bit of the excruciating guilt that was strangling Sherlock's throat.
The Dom tutted, coloring his skin with a sharp slap, “Only a few days and you already forget how to behave?” he asked teasingly, pleasure ran in him as he saw the sub tensing.
“Sorry,” the Dom said smiling, “I couldn't resist”. The sub panted, unable to even express what he thought of John's apology. He heard a click as the cage was closed, weighting now on his cock. It wasn't so uncomfortable as he imagined it to be, it fastidiously pulled his pubes occasionally, and for once Sherlock was thankful he never had much hair anyway, but it wasn't such an annoyance, more a weird weight he needed to get used to.
“Are you alright?”, the dom's voice almost startled him. He glared at him like he had forgotten he was there, despite he was literally still sitting on the man's legs. He nodded.
“Now let's start to make this living room a bit more livable, shall we?” he said, he grabbed Sherlock's collar, forcing him to his feet, “Start with the mess on the floor so we can finally walk without stumble on every step” he ordered, his voice had changed, it sounded somehow military now.
John smiled widely, finally, the real intentions of the man had been revealed, “I'm sorry to disappoint you,” he said, mimicking with way too much satisfaction Mycroft's over polite tone, “but my privacy policy is pretty clear: Sherlock is in therapy, and I won't share the details of his progress without his consent, not even with you.”
Before the sub could quite register what had just happened, to picture himself ridiculously climbed on the man's lap, the sound repeated, again and again.
The first blows started slowly, Sherlock moaned a little complain, still sore from the day before, welcoming the slaps without he gratitude John would have liked to see. The Dom caressed his checks, lightly, feeling the warmth building on his still so cold skin, teasingly grabbing his flesh before letting the next one fall.
John was always there when Sherlock reemerged from the deep waters of subspace, offering him take-out food, tea, or a scented bath. He didn't leave until he was sure Sherlock was truly himself again, pretending not to realize that the sub often pretended to be still foggy so that he wouldn't leave, no matter how late it was or if the last tube had already been missed.
But what now? He stared at the bookshelf in front of him, What would John like? He kept asking himself.
His fingers grasped the rope around wrists, his toes curled as he tried to stay still in position and not let the instinct to shift away from the blessed scorching pain overcoming him.
“Respect, boy” the Dom growled, then his tone returned calm, “And yes, it does, you won't be able to move, fight back or anything,” he said, “You will be mine” he whispered lowly.
Long moments passed, Sherlock was finding a bit of calm again, he was confused about what strange force was holding him on his knees. The offer of punishment was heaving in his head. Tempting maybe? He mentally shook his head.
Shakingly, Sherlock straightened up his legs, forcing his arms to stretch so that his hands went to his ankles again.
Sherlock scoffed. “Not as much as yours, Mister Graham,” he said. “Pure empathy, that’s an imaginative diagnosis” the detective commented then, walking among the corpses, observing them one by one with interest.
“This is the position you will assume when I tell you to heel,”  the doctor's calm lecture continued, “You will drop whatever you are doing, get on your knees and calm down,” he said finally letting Sherlock's hair go.
The paddle fell again, punitive this time, against his sitting spot. Mycroft could feel his hole clenching against the plug inside him at each blow, the increasing warmth against his already mistreated skin turning fast into agony and humiliating amend in the darkness he was.
“I took my collar off without permission,” the older Holmes had explained, feeling Sherlock's glare.
John chuckled, “No, it is pretty normal,” he said, “submissive rarely don't get aroused by punishment, not necessarily from the pain, but because of the idea of being subjected,” he explained, “The difference between that and play is that you can be sure you won't ever be allowed to come during punishment”. His tone in the last part had gone more firm.
Sherlock's  skin was throbbing, he gasped around the bar, searching desperately for air as sobs clenched his throat, causing new bubbles to form, they invaded his nose, tingled his eyes, and something broke, deep down in him, he actually started to cry.
Sherlock curled up on his knees, he liked to feel little in John's arms even if he was so much taller than the Dom, and in those moments, he really felt little and protected.
When Greg had come home, Mycroft had been kneeling in front of the door, naked except for his collar, his head bowed down, he was keeping a leash in his mouth in a silent request.
When John entered the apartment of Baker Street, he found Sherlock laying on the couch. His hands were united, as in pray, and his eyes closed, “Leave, John,” his deep voice murmured, “I am busy now.”
I definitely need to start dividing chapters with criteria, but on the other hand, I write at such a random pace that I'm sure I won't do that.
“You know Mycroft's minions made sure to clear any stash I had,” Sherlock said, there was a hint of a smile on his face now.
So, you let yourself get involved?" Irene asked, raising her eyebrow sternly, "that's disappointing from you, John", she said.
The doctor kissed him sweetly and possessive, biting his lips as he did, and grabbing his curls, "You are mine now, Sherlock"
John had to fight to not get himself lost, he had started to give a quite decent momentum, it would bruise, he thought, it would mark Sherlock as his and his alone, he would feel his hand on him constantly for days, quietly smarting but constant.
John’s mind slowly processed what was happening, suddenly realising the scene he was looking at “Sherlock?” he called running towards the cab, following the detective who was already opening the car door.
Sherlock continued “And for the same reason you followed that cab with me, for the same reason you went to meet a serial killer alone, without calling any help, with just a gun in your hands” he added, “And don't tell me there was no time for the backup to arrive, you met my brother after all,” he was meeting John's eyes, “And for the same reason you forgot about your walking stick a while ago” he finished.
When he had been living with the old couple, Sherlock had managed to put Mycroft, the perfect sub, in trouble quite a few times.  In the lack of better entertainment, he had constantly provoked him, subtly trapping him into breaking, one by one, most of Greg's rules. Even if Mycroft was obviously aware of Sherlock's doing, the blatant irritation only his baby brother was able to inflame inside him had indeed made him stumble a few times, and his guilt had made him ask Greg for punishment almost daily.
John had asked him to pick a toy from his bag and had left the sub to decide while he had a cup of tea in the kitchen.
As the evening fell, Mycroft was curled up against Greg, the soothing cream had left his sore skin soft, making him feel the fierce red stripes almost as cuddles, his hole felt still hot.
Before John could say anything else, his sub ran across the street, ignoring the car that almost hit him, a sharp curse was left out from the driver, “Sorry,” John yelled as he ran following Sherlock.
The red words “Tattle Crime” on the top of the screen of his phone, were glowing gloomily on the black background. The doctor -- after he had managed to convince Sherlock to give him that bit of information at least -- had spent his flight skimming through the news articles. They were a showcase of opinions, suggestions intertwined with insubstantial facts and evidence mostly gathered while violating crime scene regulations or private property rights.
Part of him wanted to disobey, to worm his way out the spanking he had asked to receive, sure that the only reason he had asked it in the first place was that John had so stubbornly decided they had to play a scene. He had complained, unsuccessfully, a voice in his brain had begged him to accept the offer and feel grateful for it, reminding him the powerful pleasure of the crop, how he had come under it, the liberation he had felt even during punishments, the lifting clarity and calm he had felt afterwards. He had wanted to drown that little voice so badly.
“Move your fingers,” John asked, suddenly serious. A bit confused by the change of tone, Sherlock did it, his hands had gradually started to tingle and going numb as his wrists started to hurt, but he could move them.
Or that was was he hoping to be able to show, Sherlock had indeed been rather good lately, he had cleaned his flat as John had asked him to, he had started to let the pleasure of obedience in small things show, enjoying deeply his rewards and feeling sorry for his infractions.
He had been a trainer for years now. Most subs who needed professional training were abused ones who couldn't always remember how a sane relationship was supposed to work, but Sherlock just had never had a direct experience in the matter and, apparently, he had never cared to have one before.
John's hand was still around his cock, every blow would make the sub's body move, stroking him with shivering pleasure as he moved around his hand.
John made the strap fall a few more times, he did not decrease his force, as much as delightfully cruel he knew the punishment was being, he needed to make a point. He could hear Sherlock's contrite cry, desperate for absolution and yet offering each time his backside to the belt, and his arousal filling the air, matching his own.
John draws a ragged breath, and something breaks inside of Sherlock to see it, to see how hard John is trying to keep himself together for Sherlock’s sake, and he realizes in this moment, that maybe it’s just as hard for John as it is for him.
John’s hot mouth presses in against Sherlock’s forehead with a gentle laugh. “I think you might be a little drunk, my love.”
