Nodding, I hesitate, "Tell her I hope we can still work together. I'm just not interested. At all. Ever." I burst out in a fit of temper, "I'm gay, even if I wasn't with you."
Molly twirls her hands nervously, giggling awkwardly and switching the CD player off, "I'll just put it to one side shall I?"
My cheeks flame red, not knowing where to look or what to do as I befoul the bed, "I'm don't know what's happening John. Is it meant to do that?"
"She is not as stupid as you make her sound John, I'm sure." Sweeping back past him I collect my jacket and slip it on, "No one could be that stupid."
My hand drifts down a little, massaging the sensitive spot just behind his balls, lips tight as I start to plunge my mouth up and down him harder, faster, paying special attention to his head in a way I know drives him insane, tongue dancing and pressing.
My fingers travel a little and flick John's nose, "You, my brother and Lestrade can get together and have my criminal drug record framed for my birthday since it's something you all agree on then."
I take care of my business in the bathroom, then go into the bedroom to change. I change my T-shirt to a button down and my favorite jumper. I spray on a bit of cologne. I put on socks and shoes and reenter the kitchen. I look at my watch 6:20....
Closing my eyes I can feel a little darkness tinting my perception, "He was angry. He wanted to hit me. He's never hit me. Even when we were young."
Spinning around I start to slip past John and Molly into her house, giving her a wide beaming smile, "Your cooking smells delicious Molly. I'll just go and set up an extra place for John. Won't be a moment."
Sighing I shuffle around the bed, lifting my legs and sliding them under the sheets once more before folding my arms and pouting. "All they'll do is watch me. It's just for the sake of paperwork. You could watch me at home."
I start unbuttoning my shirt, trying to respect his privacy as he climbed into bed. The fact that it had been three days since the last time we were intimate, was not lost on me.
“I know. I’m sorry. I just feel like I should have been the one to pull you out. I should have been there for you.” I pull him back to me and kiss the top of his head.
My voice drops even lower, a very, very slight lisp to it, "One sample? You can take it when they're all done with me."
I'm about to answer him when Molly walks back in, now wearing more sensible shoes instead of her heels, her make up half wiped off.
A playful smirk runs across my lips, returning the kiss then lifting my feet, wriggling my toes again, my eyes falling on my shoes, then back to John with a hint of a head tilt of encouragement.
“Mmm. I figured as much. Why else would you call it a Palace if it didn’t have big rooms and endless hallways?” I say, my free hand drifting lazily up and down his thigh and knee.
Nodding I keep thrusting in and out of myself for a few minutes before I can feel my hole loosening and relaxing, the lube squelching between my fingers and skin, "Now. Let me...get on my hands and knees for you?"
I meet his eyes and my breath catches in my throat as he pushes his finger inside me. My eyelids flutter at the sensation.
Rolling my eyes I chuckle, letting my head drop back down again, "A couple more hours then you'll check? I promise I won't escape while you're doing so."
Chuckling we receive our drinks, the maid leaving the trolley and exiting once more, leaving us to our breakfast, "This is the kind of service money buys John. Pantless breakfast in bed."
I take his advice, lubing my finger before trying to slide it in, lifting my rather drool covered mouth off him to do so. My breathing is rather heavy as my eyes set on him, reddened now and glistening.
I grunt and squish my face up when he flicks my nose. “Ow.” I reach up to poke him in the stomach. “Git.”
I let him pull me close and my tongue darts out to meet his. I pull away a bit sucking on his tongue as I pull back.
Hailing a cab takes no time at all, glancing around as I do, "So. Why was Gavin so sulky? First time on the other side of the bars?" I open the door for John, rather considerate if I do say so myself.
I wake as light starts to steam through the sheer curtains in the room. I look over to see Sherlock reading on his laptop. “Mmm, Hey you didn’t sleep?”
I feel him slip out of me wetly and I wince a bit, thankful that the pillow was still under me. “Does it always feel like this?” I whisper.
Purring my words I sink back down towards sleep, "You like my hair. I've always hated it. Too messy. It fluffs out. Like a poodle."
"People usually say I'm bad with emotions and talking about them." My arm tightens slightly, "I think you're even worse sometimes."
There's no reply as I slip into sleep, cuddling up to John's warm body though and slipping freezing cold feet between his legs to warm them.
“Oh shit.” I mumble, turning pink. I look at Sherlock for help, who’s not paying attention at all. Still ranting about the flat. “Um... hey Molly.” I wave awkwardly. Maybe it was best we get this over with quickly.
“Ffffuuck.” My head rolls the rest of the way back and I have to close my eyes. My hips move up ever so slightly.
I round the corner at a full run to see multiple emergency vehicles in front of Baker Street. I push past any personnel that try to stop me. "Sherlock?!" I see Mycroft standing in front of an orange shock blanket covered Sherlock. I run to him, pushing past Mycroft and kneel in front of him. "Sherlock, what happened? Are you alright?”
I sigh, watching him, I circle my thumb more. “Tell me when you want me to go lower... when you’re ready.”
My hand squeezes his painfully tight, clinging as I drop my head onto his shoulder, curling ourselves together in our passion, managing to whisper, "John...oh my...John...my John..." over and over
I swipe my chip back and forth in the sauce for a few moments until it's more sauce than chip, before glancing up with a slightly vulnerable look, "Yes, It is that hard to believe. I don't think anyone has just missed me before."
“Because you have a concussion. Sleeping more is normal, especially for you.” I continue to play with his hair, knowing it made him sleepy.
Holding John close to me with one arm, the other slides under my head. For once I don't feel tired, instead rather wired from my visit to Lestrade. In a fit of unexpected generosity though I keep my voice low and deep for sleepy John, "I had nothing to compare with for the actual physical experience. It was a variable I was discounting."
I gasp at the sight of him between my legs. I take a moment to catch my breath before continuing. “Well I still want to watch that video you told me about. And um, this was on it.”
This time I can physically feel him loosen and welcome me, no longer fearful of what I was doing. The muscular flat of my tongue presses into him from inside before swirling deeper, lips sucking on his outer rim.
"I know...I feel on the edge too..when you were doing it hard." I start to stroke myself in time with his thrusts, using his power to force myself into my lubed hand with low grunts.
“You are handsome. Down right sexy.” I could tell he was still a little sleep delirious. I pulled off his shoes and socks and pulled him up, leading him into the bathroom.
I can feel him moving his fingers around searching for the right spot. He takes me fully into his mouth again and I gasp. “Push harder, I think.” I offer, squirming.
Pulling the pillow over my head I mumble, "No, you don't buzz that well. You make more of a panting, gasping noise."
I look at him a little blankly. “I don’t know. Usually the person that gets asks gets the ring... but... I don’t know.. in our case..”
I narrow my eyes. “Fine.” I groan a bit. “Ridiculous... and I can’t even do anything about it now... bloody coat...” I mumble under my breath, pulling on my shirt not bothering to button it.
"Not too bad. Wait!" I sit up a little, my eyes flaring open, "Did they cut my hair to put them in?"
“Mmm. We can just throw them in the wash tomorrow...” I pull him closer to me, wrapping my arms around him.
Grabbing John's legs I pull him up the bed, kicking my own trousers off as I go so we're both naked and aroused, my eyes bright and eager as I survey him. "You'll find out as we work through it."
A sharp pain shoots through my shoulder and I gasp. It subsides quickly as Sherlock rubs down my arm.
I hum as he kisses me. We get rinsed off and dressed are soon bounding down the stairs towards the street.
I wave a hand in the air around us, my other hand returning to his hair, "Can't we just get two of my homeless network? I can pay them not to blab"
My finger traces the slight bruise turning purple and red on the corner of his mouth, then touches the bloody drip, before chuckling, "I am not an experienced care giver. I shall do my best though." with that I lean to grasp some antiseptic wash and a sterile cloth.
Wriggling I attempt to stay on top of John, my hands gripping him again tight as I mutter, "No, the ducks came free with the honey tree."
I could hear Sherlock calling for me inside the room. “Please... I’m his emergency contact.... his doctor.” I try desperately, looking in the room. A doctor comes up behind me.
I lift a brow in disbelief, "You were only gone a few hours John. Did you expect me to be missing when you returned?" Tearing into the bag I release the steamy, vinegar and salt soaked goodness, eyes lighting.
I start moving my hips back and forth, sliding my slicked up cock in the cleft of his ass. I groan a bit at the sensation.
Pausing in the door I whisper hurriedly, "But we've said everything there is to say. She knows I'm involved in a sexual and romantic engagement with you." I pause, then a look of horror comes over my face, "Unless you believe she'll want a threesome?"
"Mmmmm..." I reply, deep in my mind now, filing away every little twitch and movement, ever scent and sound, finally daring to risk pushing my tongue back into him and swirling it around his smooth muscular walls.
My lips quickly plunge back again onto his cock, slurping him in messily with a large amount of salvia, sucking my cheeks in harder as I press three fingers before his balls, jiggling my palm to play with him.
Dropping my head I feel that unfamiliar swooping sensation of having failed John once more, even as Molly wipes her eyes, nodding, "You...seem happy, yes. But I thought you weren't Gay John?” She tries to conceal her disappointment.
I leave the car behind, also leaving the destruction of the back seat with half it's leather ripped off and filling all over the floor, peering up at the hotel, "Don't like it."
My hands suddenly seem too large and clumsy on his skin, having to arch in order to work his muscles as I should. I envy for a moment John's short and strong fingers before dismissing it, using my palms and calloused fingertips instead, imagining he was my violin and I was coaxing sound out of him.
“I pointed out that Mycroft had dropped the “caring is not an advantage” bullshit real quick when he came along.” I was starting to get a little angry again, remembering what Greg and I had said.
"Always John." My tone is husky with want and slightly swollen lips as I dive back in, tongue sliding into him fully this time.
I grab the lube from the bedstand, then lay down on my belly, hooking his legs over my shoulders and wriggling up between them, my voice muffled as I kiss the inside of his thighs, "Tell me?"
My head dips to catch his lower lip between mine again, before I mumur, "And if I never say it again but resolve to show you each day it's true?"
Blinking, the scarf falls to the floor again. It seems I've utterly lost the use of my hands as they're deeply wrapped in my blanket. "Jaaaawn"
Bending my head I plant a fond kiss onto John's hair, "I thought it would actually feel worse than when I masturbated. After all, why should another person know my body and likes better than I do?"
Closing my eyes, my head rolls to one side on the pillows, gasping, "Can...can we just do this...for now?"
"It would kill me if you left." my lips trace patterns on his skin now, words trying to itch into his shoulder and neck with my breath, "This is one reason I try to avoid growing close to people."
I moan out as kiss down his chest farther. I let my hand wander down the front of his trousers and press gently on his hardness with the palm of my hand. “Please don’t make me wait...” I gasp.
“I’m sorry.” It’s then I realize how painfully hard I was inside my pants. I grind a bit into the bed as I continue to work him open. He gasps just a little every time I pass gently over his prostate.
My hand quickly moves to my base, pinching myself once more, voice urgent, "Get inside me John, please."
My breath catches when our lips meet and I let the sheet fall to bring my hands up to grip his biceps.
After my hospital visit I jog along the hotel corridor, checking the time in my internal clock and smirking as I know I have at least ten minutes spare. Pushing open the door to our suite I waste no time stripping naked once, rearranging my clothes how they were left and going to slide into bed next to John.
“No he doesn’t. We all just wish you would be more careful. I shouldn’t have left you alone.” I start stroking his hair with my free hand.
I pause and look up at him. “I think we’ve both read up on... what we’re supposed to do... I don’t want anything extra or crazy... just us. Is that ok?”
I throw my head back into the pillows as he tries to catch the last few spurts of come as he squeezes them out through my after shocks. My breaths come out in long puffs and I groan out his name. “Sherlock... oh fuck.. ‘lock...”
"Of course." I smile and then add, "On the count of three? One...two..." before I even finish two I'm ripping into my present gleefully.
A small roll of my eyes precedes my words, "Then he'd laugh and hit you back and you'd engage in a rather clumsy and drunken fight that would probably end with me getting a call from Lestrade to come and fetch you. I'm well aware that hitting each other is how you army types express love."
I slam harder and harder into him until I can feel myself tipping over the edge. “Oh fuckfuckfuckfuck, Sherlock, iloveyoufuck.” My orgasm borders on explosive as I slam into him one last time and hold him to me, my cum pouring into him, white hot.
“No, I’m good. Thanks, John.” Molly chokes out as she watches Sherlock move through the lab. Oh... she’s seen the marks... “I’ll be right back.” I say as leave through the doors.
My thigh is rather chilled, having stayed naked apart from the open dressing gown all night, "Massage techniques. I believe I know the theory behind a number of them now."
I sigh and lay back down into the fluffy blankets, pulling them up to my chin. I would just close my eyes for a minute.
I sit up on my knees behind him and pass a hand across his lower back and down over the curve of his ass as I move closer to him.
My hands start stroking up and down John's neck and side, avoiding his gaze, "He caught me outside. We just spoke about his marriage. I gave my blessing, for what it's worth. He thanked me."
“No, stop thinking...” I start mouthing at his collarbone. “I also want to know what it feels like... to have you inside of me. You seem to really enjoy it...”
I open my eyes again, raising my head and stuffing a pillow under it so I can better view John without straining my neck. "That is all correct."
"Brilliant deduction John." I grab my laptop and sit on the edge of the bed, "Now I have roughly 30 minutes to learn how to massage. So quiet please."
I gasp again, louder this time. “I told you warn me before you do that.” I groan, I tried to wiggle my hips, but he was holding me down.
I pull his hips up higher into my lap changing my angle. I hold him around the hips and thrust up this time instead of forward.
“Yeah... But that’s different though.” I take the lube from him and open it. I pour it generously over my fingers and rub them together. “Are you ready?” I ask, my voice husky.
“Then I’d still know it.” I kiss him deeper this time. “But I do love you. Does it make you uncomfortable when I say it?”
"Yes, we make love." I peer down at him in confusion, "We've decided, it's not just sex but making love. Especially when we're face to face."
“Again? Already? I’d almost rather have you just like this....” I pull his hips down hard to grind our cocks together. I let out a deep groan.
I curl up on the bed, tugging the blanket over myself, nodding, "He was hurt...that's why my head hurts. I don't know why my stomach hurts."
I raise my hands up in surrender and lay back looking at the ceiling. He pulls my pants down bit by bit only for them to be pushed back up slightly by my hardening erection. He nips more forcefully, catching my skin in the process. “Ow! Watch your teeth!”
Shuffling out of my coat I leave it like a snake shedding it's skin, nodding and chuckling, "She believed I was handsome."
This is intriguing..."Go on, tell me?" I stuff my mouth full again, sucking on his full sack, enjoying the way it rolls in my mouth and the slightly musky taste.
Grabbing the basket I zoom around the room, placing and lighting scented candles as I go, dimming the light switch and pulling the curtains tightly shut so we're cocooned in the candlelit and slightly lavender and vanilla scented darkness, "Don’t you trust me John?"
I take his phone and start looking through the messages. “What about Mycroft? Is that where you came from? From Mycroft’s house?”
“I’m not sure. We’ll have to stop by and check.” I snuggle under the blankets some more. The room was a bit chilly and the bed was comfortable.
Very soon my chest starts to rise and fall gently, low and deep snores coming as my arms slacken slightly from around John.
My arm shifts, wrapping around his shoulders to pull him close, "Did my massage...have the same effect as the other? I believed it was relaxing you instead of arousing you."
I slide off of him, giving him space to catch his breath. “Do you need some of that paracetamol they sent with you?”
Nodding I plop my chin down into his lap, not prepared to wake all the way for this, "I was having a lovely dream about Sussex and sex."
I let out a sigh that borders on a groan. His voice rumbles through me and settles in my belly. “I thought you were just giving me a massage.”
Closing my eyes I feel myself relaxing, tuning out the noise of the TV and just feeling John's fingers in my curls, "I can't do the next stage until you go out."
Nodding, I still seem in a state of shock, gripping the box, "I've been following their story. They were considered extinct then isolated bees were found. I...never thought I would see one. Thank you John."
I sit back taking my cock in hand and rub my head over his hole. “Ohhh.. you’re still so loose.” I push forward just a bit.
“Yeah and not all women are friends with Sherlock Holmes.” I finished tying my shoes as well and slip my coat on.
I blush a bit at that and am about to say something in return when I hear a phone buzzing somewhere in the room. I sit up a bit trying to identify where it’s coming from.
Lifting my head I sniff the air, wrinkling my nose, "Not your favourite cologne. That's the cheap stuff."
I groan again and then let tug on his hand. “I’m ready... please I want you.. I want you close to me.”
“ I think it might be fun to do the work ourselves. Get our hands dirty.” I say sitting up in his lap.
I go to the other side of the bed and pull up a chair. I slip my hand into Sherlock’s and squeeze a bit.
Despite my grumbling my clothes are stripped off slowly, striding around the room in tight trousers and even tighter shirt, gesturing wildly, "I'm sure this is part of my punishment for blowing up his boyfriend by accident."
My tongue flexes at that, probing and pushing at his sensitive underside as my throat massages his glands, lips sucking eagerly at his shaft as my hand starts to jiggle and caress his testicles. There's a shining light in my eyes as I watch him, smug satisfaction clear as I reduce him to a quivering wreck.
“You better not.” I kiss the top of his head, squeezing his shoulder. I exit out the kitchen door to the landing and down the stairs,
“I know, Love. I’m sorry.” I brush my hand around his face. “Do you want to try the inhaler? The doctor said you could use it if you were having shortness of breath.”
Oh god. This couldn’t wait any longer. “Um... Molly. Maybe could we go into the living room for a minute. We... umm... need to talk to you about something...” I attempt to get Sherlock’s attention by shaking my head and giving him a wide eyed look.
My hands curl on the seat, causing a rather vocal ripping sound that brings me a tiny amount of glee even during my frustration with my own mind.
“Mmm. It relaxes me too. I missed this when you were in the hospital. I can’t wait to be back in our own bed again.”
I shrug again... then thinking a bit. “I’m sorry you had to come bail me out. I know you told me not to start a fight with him.”
“No of course not.” I stand up to face him. “Some people just have trouble connecting what they’re thinking to what their feeling physically. Sometimes I have trouble with that.”
My face is utterly torn and wrecked, curls messily trailing from his fingers over pale skin made paler by the cold and lack of light in the room. My eyes are luminous but filled with fear, reflected as I whisper, "I don't want to lose you."
Molly blushes a bit and her eyes dart to mine before laughing nervously. “Um... no. I... just thought you’d want to see this infection. Started out as just regular eczema... then sepsis. It’s what killed him.” She looked at Sherlock with bright eyes.
“I have. They still have him sedated... until tomorrow morning at least. He’s on a ventilator.” I say carefully.
Shaking my head I attempt to turn and wriggle myself into the confines of my coat, allowing it to drape over my shoulders.
I let out a sigh and step into the door way of the bathroom, tucking my shirt into my trousers. “Sherlock, we’re going to have to tell Molly about us.”
I go up to him and grab him around the shoulders. “Sherlock. I’m here. What’s wrong? What happened?” My face is creased with worry.
“Not enough lube and I didn’t use my fingers to loosen her up first.” I move over and suck his other nipple into my mouth before moving down his belly.
“I’m his partner and his Doctor.” She nods, I turn to Sherlock. “Come on. Let’s go get you checked out.”
"I don't think you understand John." I was obviously dealing with either denial or an idiot. Since John was not an idiot he had to be in shock or denial. "She just leaned up. And kissed me. It was horrible."
"Relax John. You can stop this at anytime, as can I." My voice is smooth, trying to keep the eagerness I feel out of it in case I scare him, eyes fixed on his fluttering hole among slightly dark fuzzy hair
That makes me chuckle, shaking my head, "No, not at all. I hope it will make you smile and take me to bed though."
My face reddens and I hold down his arms, as the machines take his vitals. “Sherlock, Please wake up. We need to show the nurse you’re lucid.” I kiss his forehead and shake him.
My face splits into a wide beam, grasping his shoulders, "If we begin now then we can be married in two weeks, three at most."
My voice is a little muffled, grunting, "No. I can do this. Hands off." before going back to struggling with it.
I check the fridge for milk, pulling it out and adding the water to the cups to brew, "I really think my own deductive powers worked that out John."
I give a full bodies stretch under the covers, yawning and then rolling to sit up, hand automatically going to scratch at my head wounds, "Extra salt too?"
My voice is a low purr as I rub my thumbs on the same area, "I didn't touch this bit the first time. How does it feel?"
Meeting his eyes, a smile passes between us, open and vulnerable on both sides, before I nod, laying back again and clenching my fists, breathing slowly to relax myself, "This is it. New data."
Molly looks a little crestfallen, then brightens as I add, "A bold choice and unusual. I look fowards to trying it."
Leaning in, I finish my work on his bad arm, lowering it gently to the side and starting on his other arm, repeating the process but with a little more vigor, "How do you feel about feet?"
I take his hand back. “Fine we’ll both go. But you have to talk to her alone at some point before we leave this house tonight.” I whisper as we follow Molly into the kitchen.
Nodding I settle back, then sit upright again, trying to cast off the attentions of the paramedics. I'm about to speak when I go slightly pale, then green, before vomiting over the floor.
“You’re going to have to show me which ones you’ve been watching. Their giving you unrealistic expectations.” I grin down at him.
I give her a thin smile. “Maybe we better go help him before he destroys your kitchen.” I say stepping inside.
“Of your own blood, no.” I grab a hospital gown out of the cabinet in the room and go to sit on the bed to help Sherlock put it on.
I wave the lube as a very clear hint of what I desire, my voice rough, "You're a doctor. I presume you've done more than enough prostrate examinations."
Nodding I try and reach for a notepad and pen on John's desk, my vision starting to haze, my arms like disconnected jelly rods, "Tea....blames me...." there's a hitch in my throat, almost as if I'm about to burst into tears. This amazes me and I sit and contemplate it for a moment, tears running down my cheeks.
“Umm.. Alright. Can we get room service at four in the morning?” I finish drying off and follow after him into the room.
His reassurance relaxes me, dropping my head back down and collecting my thoughts, "You feel so much bigger inside me. It feels amazing when you go hard. It's like...a new connection almost."
“Oh fuck!” My head shoots up and my hips buck. “I think you found it.” I say shakily. I lay back again with a deep breath.
“Everything. Wonderful. You felt amazing. You looked amazing.” I look up at him then, putting my hand on his cheek.
"Oh yes John Watson, you like this. don't you?" There's a tiny smirk to my voice as I twist and sink my fingers deeper, opening him to one, then the next knuckle, lube and spit glistening on his skin.
Lifting my head up quickly I look over my shoulder, "No. I want to try. So many videos have this position and it's recommended on several advice sites." I swallow deeply, feeling my cheeks flush, "It's just that my rear must look..terrible."
Pumping his orgasm as best I can, panting and sliding down to try and lap at him as he comes, trying to catch as much as possible between deep, throbbing moans of my own.
“That’s against hospital policy. They won’t let you have samples of biohazard material. And you have to wear a gown. I won’t have you showing off all your bits to the nurses this time.” I shake the gown insistently.
Thankful we were alone in the room for a moment, I chuckle. “No, you. You’re sick. We’re in hospital. We’ve got to get you in bed so they can take some blood so we can find out what’s wrong.”
I can't meet his eyes now, bitterly snapping, "I've lost Mycroft. Soon I'll lose the only other person in the world I care about too."
"I meant as the penetrator and the penetratee John." Lips drift across his still chilled skin before I try and shufle down even more into the bed, "Top or bottom I believe are the terms."
"No!" I sound a little sharper than I mean too, hands starting to undo John's buttons on his shirt. "I mean, yes, I wish to try. I just believed that you would never offer it. That's all."
I was starting to go soft already and we were dangerously close to making a mess all over the bed. “We should get cleaned up...Ready?”
The corners of my mouth turn up. “You’re still avoiding the question. I feel like your trying to reverse psychology me into.... are you trying to talk me into it? Into asking you?” The color drains from my face but then comes rushing back.
I'm caught off guard by the slightly lunging, deep kiss, flushed still and catching him, holding him tight and relaxing fully now, unbothered about the messy and distasteful bits of sex if it could have this effect on John.
That was not a nice sensation like the ones before. In fact it made me wince and curl up a little, then blink in horror as I feel something sliding out of me wetly, staring at John in growing dismay.
My hand comes up to stroke over his strong back, leaning to rest on his hair, "I could give you oral sex?"
I pull back, twisting my mouth. “I understand what you mean. When Harry married Clara I felt kind of left out like she was leaving our family. That’s what happens to siblings you move on and start your own family but you can still come together as one for special occasions.”
My tongue swirls and licks inside him, grip adjusting to hold him down as best I can as the slight hint of stubble on my jaw rubs on his inner thighs. I'm enjoying myself and just wondering if John could reach orgasm from this act alone, as I push my lips in slightly, using them to open his muscle just a little so my tongue can reach deeper.
Munching on my toast I nod in satisfaction, "Your bottom is not as plush and round as mine but it provides an excellent place to rest my head. It also is a perfect view. Square and muscular."
“I always liked it. I spent along time... before... imagining what it felt like. It’s so soft.” I let some strands fall through my fingers.
Lowering my present carefully to the side I nod, "I have a small trust fund that I hardly ever touch. Mummy holds the reins and she was quite happy to allow me the funds to buy the cottage once I explained why I wanted it." my smile is a little nervous, "I put it in both our names."
“I know... but it’s not the same... as hearing the real words.” I kiss him softly when his lips pass mine.
Keeps his gaze I fold my arms over my chest, "You're supposed to stay with me and wake me every two hours. I know medicine John"
My other eye opens, "As far as I remember there wasn't as much talking as there was throwing ourselves at each others lips."
Gazing after him I resemble a little puppy being left chained outside a store as my owner vanishes inside
My shoulders straighten again, lifting my head in pride at his words, nodding, "In the future? It's not a race after all."
Flopping down on my side I reach for my laptop once more, "Go ahead and eat? I'm going to look for something to do for the day."
“Gorgeous… Bloody fucking gorgeous…” I choke out as I watch him with wet eyes. I can feel him pulsing inside me, a sensation that I never imagined feeling this good. He arcs into me putting more pressure on my painfully hard cock between us. My hips buck up in response and my release hits me with almost no warning. “Sherlock.... oh....Sher... fuck...” I bury my face farther into his neck as my release makes a warm sticky pool between us on my stomach.
Nodding I grab I stride towards the door, sweeping my Belstaff off the hook and then sniffing it, pulling a face, "Needs a clean. Back to Baker street John."
I start to doze a bit too. I hadn’t slept much at all last night and laying with him like this always made me so sleepy. After a while, I’m not sure how long, a nurse enters to check Sherlock’s vitals. She has to take his blood pressure so we have to wake him. “Sherlock,” I say gently. “We need to take your blood pressure.”
“I... ahm.... I’m sure they are too. It wasn’t very.. enjoyable last time.. is all.” I screw up my face... not knowing if that was the correct answer. I climb into the bed next to him.
My hand stills. It feels like my heart stills. Eyes shooting up to stare at him before whispering, in some confusion, "You still want to be with me?"
My hand is warm from the blankets, peeking out to take John's as the cabbie drives us towards the hotel. She tries to start up a conversation, "Epic walk of shame lads? Or misses kick you out in just a blanket?"
I smile at him, letting him take the bag. I sit back down next to him and lean over to kiss his cheek. “I missed you while I was gone.”
"You like that?" I decide to indulge in a little dirty talk as I finger him. I've become a little better at it than my early days but it still feels stilted and clumsy in my mouth, "You've always watched my fingers, always desired them. They're so long and nimble."
My whole body comes to life, a tingle between my legs that makes my cock leap and my legs jerk, a startled cry falling from my lips.
Curling my fingers around his, I manage a rather sullen smile, "Well if I'm trapped here...can you go and check on Gavin?"
Each thrust makes my body sing and praise the man under me. I start to grunt, slender shoulders quivering and tensing, "I...I fear it..may be over too quickly..."
I strip down to my pants and spread another blanket on the bed and climb in next to Sherlock and hold him close. “It’s not really that cold in here.”
My voice is husky and deep as I grind back down onto him, legs sprawled either side of his hips, "Prepare me quickly? I want you inside me."
My free hand curls in the sheets as I drop down to my elbows, resting my lips by his ear to whisper, "No amount of research, of lists, of porn or textbooks, could describe this feeling John. I'm not sure I can either."
I have the grace to look a little guilty at that, but only a little, quickly regaining my composure, "I was listening. It was all very interesting, what you were saying."
“Alright.” I slip out of the bed and get the bottle out of his bag from the hospital. I get him a glass of water from the bathroom sink and go back over to the bed. I hold out the glass of water to him.
"Do you know anything about the method of loci?" My fingers trace onto his hands now, admiring the strong muscles and short but agile fingers
I brush a curl off his forehead. I hated seeing him this way. I look up at one of the nurses. “Are you going to keep him sedated?” “Yes. While we suture up all the lacerations in his scalp. And then they’ll want to do some tests on his lungs to make sure there’s no internal damage. So most likely they’ll keep him sedated until the morning.” The nurse answers. I nod, looking down at Sherlock, breathing deeply into his oxygen mask. I give his arm a squeeze. “I’m going to go check on Greg.” I tell him. I step out of the room in search of Mycroft.
My hands are shaking slightly as they move to caress John's, slipping under his navy blue shirt, "You're sure? I'm happy to carry on as we are." I'm babbling a little with rising nerves, "I don’t mind being the bottom as I believe it's called, in our relationship."
Frowning, I try to recall what I had learn during the night, then attempt to locate the area which the internet informed me should be linked to John's arousal, starting to massage it, "Just relaxed?"
It feels so strange, almost too strange but I stay with it, trying not to move in any way as he works. I remember what my research said and I attempt to relax myself, my hands kneading the blankets either side of me.
After a few minutes of browsing the newspaper and not finding anything interesting, I go to the kitchen to get myself a glass of water from the tap, dragging my hand across Sherlock’s shoulders as I go by. I go back into the sitting room and sit on the sofa and flip on the telly.
Sweeping my long legs around and off the bed I stand, reaching for one of the hotel's fluffy dressing gowns, "Oh please John, can you really not deduce it?" a hint of playfulness softens my harsh words.
Pausing, my shirt crumpled in my hands, trousers pulled up but undone, I stare down, shaking my head, "You'll blame yourself when you want sex and I don't. You'll feel rejected and then blame yourself even more. You'll become upset and I won't have that."
Now that makes me snort, leaning my head back again and closing my eyes as I learn each tiny scar, curve and bump of John's arms, "You have no real idea how my mind palace works, do you?"
"My anus is sore. So there." Reaching with my long, almost finger like toes I reach for the tap, starting to add more hot water to the bath while letting some out the plug hole.
Sweeping off my scarf I reveal my neck, not realising I have a line of red marks along the long stretch of it's pale surface, reaching from ear down into the collar of my coat, "John. Coffee?"
“No it’s just paracetamol. Making you sleepy is my job.” I say running my fingers through his hair. I was starting to get sleepy as well. I’d been sleeping, if you wanted to call it that, in a chair in Sherlock’s hospital room the last two nights. And with the nurses coming in and out every two hours, I hadn’t slept much at all.
“I... I don’t know... is that what we’re supposed to do? My ideas on the order of things or how things are “supposed to go” have changed... I guess...” I sigh.
“What? My fat? Thanks. Maybe I’ll have to start riding my bike to work again.” I shove my bacon out of the way and take a few bites of egg.
Chuckling, I roll my eyes, "I already know your fantasy about eating a whole box of chocolates to yourself, so let’s go with sexual, yes?"
I settle too, nuzzling his hair before leaning back into the pillows, gazing at the ceiling with sleepy eyes, "How often should I say the words?"
His words make me frown as I stand, water cascading off my skin before turning to grab a couple of the warmed, fluffy towels, "I've had trouble visualizing certain things before. Even with the help of pornography and research."
Opening the front door to Baker street I stride in, not caring how noisy I am as Mrs Hudson isn't there to complain. The air smells of fresh plaster and wood chippings, underlayed with the sharp tang of chemical smoke still that lingers even after a few days.
Wriggling into him I close my eyes, my voice sounding rough still and sleepy, making it so deep the floor might as well be vibrating under us with it's depth, "What if Lestrade doesn't get better?"
I sit up next to Sherlock. “Does she have to stay and do that?” I whisper out of the side of my mouth.
Sherlock starts to go green as he sits up to put on the gown. “Are you going to be sick again?” I ask. I get up quickly to get a tub out of a cupboard.
Nodding I start texting her back, "I will confirm we shall both be there for dinner." Of course, the invite was only for myself but I'm sure Molly won't mind John coming also. We come as a pair now after all.
I suck in a breath when his tongue darts out to taste me, and it catches in my throat. He almost immediately starts to wiggle his tongue inside of me and I tense a bit. He was so eager and wanted it so badly. That makes me groan out and I try my best to relax for him.
Turning, my coat sweeps a little whirlwind of settled builder's dust from the floor, before my shoulders slump. I give no verbal answer but head to try and pull out even more blankets and pillows for the bed from the linen cupboard.
I twist my face still looking up at him from his lap. “I don’t know! That’s the point, isn’t it?!” I say a little loudly. “If we do it now, it’ll be like we are doing it to beat them, to spite them.” I huff.
Wriggling in the wheel chair I start to push myself down the corridor, leaving John behind to talk to the nice receptionist. I have to find Lestrade...for some reason I can't quite remember.
I help him position the pillow under his hips and then settle between his legs again, on my stomach. I lift one of his legs over my shoulder again. “How’s that?”
Wriggling up, I lean on my elbows, looking down at him and swallowing, "We don't have to do this now John."
My hands start to stroke gently over John's hair and jaw, nodding, "We're used to having that sort of life. In fact, as my brother and Lestrade remind us, we're as bad as each other and often encourage each other in bad pursuits. Lestrade and Mycroft are both creatures of the law."
Waving a hand I breeze past him towards the bathroom, my shirt slung over my shoulder, "Like you said, it's a change from takeaway."
My tongue swipes back and forth, before my lips open and suck in one of his heavy balls, tonguing it inside my mouth with a satisfied, smug hum.
I don't even hear him, turning to fix one of the samples into my tube rack, tapping it so it settles.
I narrow my eyes at him. “You know I hate it when you do that to me. And I was actually thinking about telling him, being honest. If he does tease me it’ll be good-naturedly. More like I told you so.”
Dipping my head slightly, my lips nuzzle on a sensative bit of skin behind his ear, whispering, "When you were inside me."
I hold out my left hand for him, so he can slide the ring on. “Your fingers aren’t large. They’re long and skinny.” I grin at him.
Shifting my sausages to John's plate I chuckle, reaching to pour us both tea, "I don't care at all for where we are. It's all just transport after all. Though that Sussex hotel did have a certain charm."
I let out a short groan when he tugs on my ear with his teeth. “You could wrap your coat around us so nobody would see. Cover your mouth with your scarf.”
“Yes, I have. I’ve never felt like I belong anywhere... well... until I moved here. Until I found you.” I pause, then, “How did he want to include you?”
Moving with John I shift, swinging a long leg up and over him in order to kneel in the blankets, making sure I slide a pillow under my somewhat bony knees, before dropping down onto my hands, my rounded and glistening rear wriggling in the air in what I hope is a seductive manner but what I suspect is slightly silly.
"You're so hot. Inside." My voice is rough, bending and being unable to resist running my tongue around his puffy rim, starting to push the finger in and out slowly without meeting much resistance thanks to my preparation.
I resist the urge to blurt out ‘YES!’ and snog him senseless on the coffee table. Instead, I just nod, looking into his eyes.
“Well... the shoulder part was painful... but it was a full body massage and I... I enjoyed it too much...” I mumble.
I start shaking my head, then realize he can't see me from his position. "No. It never seemed...clean or needed before." my voice wavers with both nerves and lust, staying very still under John
I begin to blur, Gasping for breath as I thrust into John's body, "Perfect....perfect..." is all I can think I grunt in my husky, almost painful voice.
The warming smell starts to rise as the oil heats and mixes with both our natural scents, starting to learn to feel my way around John's body now, working his bad shoulder very carefully.
Working my way up to his hand I repeat the pulling and squeezing of his fingers, my tone blunt, "Foot massages. There's some scientific evidence they're of benefit, if only to circulation."
Both hands drop to massage his wrinkled temples and hair now, "It's not so much anyone..it's more mummy. And Mycroft."
Freezing I'm caught. This was the part I knew I may have difficulty with. I've never slept in a bed with someone the way I have with John and had no experience sneaking in and out. I take a breath, "Would you believe me if I told you you were dreaming?"
My face falls a bit. Oh I hadn’t thought of that. “He was just trying to be helpful.” I mumble through a bite of my sandwich.
I return the kiss, pressing another into his chest. “That’s what being in a relationship is about. You let someone else know you, do it for you. It’s so much better than doing it by yourself.”
I move my thumb a bit lower and start making circles with my thumb. “If I go any lower... I’ll be...” I’m cut off by a low moan from above me.
Rolling my eyes I try and give him a playful push away, "Go to Bill. I don't want that great idiot coming to our flat to see where you are. I still haven't got the stench out from last time."
We eat, talking a bit about a few interesting cases that Molly had worked on. We finish up and Molly stands to take dishes to the sink. “Molly, Is it alright if I use you restroom?”
Kissing the crown of his head I shift under him, Full breakfast will be served for you in ten minutes. Complete with finest tea and fresh coffee."
The part before this are in Chapter 1 of 221Boom here: http://archiveofourown.org/works/13132902/chapters/30041424
Frowning slightly I grab my belstaff, "Of course not. That would be unrealistic John. Really, are you being intentionally stubborn today?"
“No... it looks amazing.” I brush my hand over his ass cheeks again. Then I lean down over his back, running a hand down his side. “And your back...mmm.” I start kissing down his back. My cock presses between his ass cheeks.
Slipping one ball out I take the other in my lush lips, rolling it back and forth on my tongue happily.
My eyes widen, staring at John in disbelief, "How can you blame yourself John? I'm not a child. I don't need you nursemaiding me."
One hand reaches for the oil, sprinkling it onto him as my other hand supports his arm before returning to smoothing up and down, grasping his hand in between my fingers and squeezing, finding confidence now.
“How is your tongue that fucking long?” I say between moans. My hips start wiggling beneath him more.
“What? What?!” I barely get sat up before he darts off the couch. I throw the union jack pillow behind my head and lay back down, toeing off my shoes.
The Next Chapter Follows the Final Chapter of Holmes for the Holidays here: https://archiveofourown.org/works/13174521/chapters/30137451
Ignoring his hiss I clean his wound firmly, "Those cells are dirty and who knows where Lestrade's fingers may have been before he hit you. It needs to be cleaned."
I tried to send my brother a text...either warning or calling for help. I'm unsure now. The world is hazy around the edges and my brain keeps wanting to shut down from overloading. My body wants nothing more than to comply with that, making me stagger into a bunch of chairs from which I snatch a magazine and wave it, yelling, "MY BOYFRIEND. He's a doctor solider and so smart. I love him and I miss him and I DEMAND to see him, so there. I have rights as his boyfriend you know."
I thought maybe they needed some time alone together. It wasn’t me that was breaking up with her after all.
I swing my leg over his hip, settling down on his thighs and grinning a little at the way my long, rangy arms will be able to reach every part of his stout body from here. "I can't tell you. It may bias your reaction." shaking some of the oil onto my hands I warm it, before recalling the diagrams from my mind.
I follow behind him and down the steps of the Yard, shaking my head. I shove my hands into the pockets of my coat as I wait for him to get us a cab.
“Sherlock, please, this is the second time this week we are here. I hate seeing you like this. Please just cooperate, for me?” I say softly.
Even at 2am Baker street is humming with life and it doesn't take too long to hail a cab. Climbing in the back I ignore the slight roll of the cabbie's eyes as she takes in my blanket and coat wrapped form.
Chuckling, my thumbs begin to probe the various regions my research highlighted that may correlate to John's well being and state of relaxation, "Legs? I know I have long, skinny legs, believe me. It took me many years to get them under control."
I open the paper to the middle and shake it open. “Mmmm. Good. I bet it stings a bit still too, hmmm?”
“Maybe we should get cleaned up a bit... and the other massage was full body but I think he did the foot thing too... I used to think he did it on purpose...”
The Scene following this one can be found in Chapter 3 of the main RP here: https://archiveofourown.org/works/13132902/chapters/30041688
I raise my own voice to keep up with him, frustration staining my cheeks, "But aren't we both a little upset that they'll beat us into marriage?"
I reenter the room, quietly, carrying a bag and fish and chips and two teas from the stand on the corner. Sherlock was still wrapped in the blankets, breathing deeply.
My breath makes John's hair sway and tickle my lips a little, murmuring, "I didn't think full sex would be like this. It wasn't like this in the videos I watched."
I grunt, continuing to run my fingers through his curls, head still lolled on the back of the couch. “Are you sure you want to wait?”
“I want to though.” I climb up to be near him. “If not now, when?” I nip at his ear. “I want to make you feel good. I want to watch you come apart.”
“Well, I do. Frequently, actually.” I reach out and give his thigh a squeeze, still looking down into my fish and chips.
I'm about to tell John he's obviously lying when I drop off to sleep once more, my breathing still raspy but even and deep.
I let out a low moan when he cups my bollocks. How was it possible that he was so good at this? “Christ, can you just suck me like this for the rest of our lives? I want to stay in your mouth forever.”
I appear from the kitchen, carrying both cups of tea and sitting next to him, offering his cup and nodding, "We spoke about that just before you left. In fact we've both expressed concern since Christmas."
My shoulders slump a little, shaking my head and glancing over at the basket instead, "Let me give you that massage."
Closing my eyes tight I repeat firmly, "Fuck me. Penetrate me. Make love to me, whatever you want to call it."
"I'm not leaving you John." My hands twist the shirt back and forth, mirroring John's clutching of the sheet as we face each other, "But one day you'll leave me. All hearts are broken."
I give his hip a squeeze and push myself up to kneeling before pulling back and out of him. I collapse back onto my back with a satisfied groan.
There's a strong, resisting pressure before I suddenly feel the head of my cock swallowed by the tightest, hottest sensation I've ever felt, pausing with a loud, suprised gasp.
I’m at the desk in the sitting room working on my laptop... finishing up the blog post of our latest case. My phone buzzes. It’s a text from my Army friend Bill Murray.
“Yeah.... but you saw his eye.” I smile crookedly and then wince as my lip splits open again. My tongue reaches out to catch the drop of blood that oozes out.
I look down to watch him, his lips already swollen and pink. He had the most blissed out look on his face. “ God… You love doing that don’t you?”
My lips are full and soft as they meet his, eyes fluttering closed, my grip still firm but not painful on his chin to hold him there.
I groan and push forward into his tightness. My breath comes out choked. “Fuck, Sherlock.” I let out a long groan as I sink all the way into him.
I rub his back, lazily. “It’s alright, try to get some rest. I’ll wake you up in a bit to check on you.”
Very slowly I pull away, savouring every last little hint of his flavour, before settling back, watching him smugly, "Prostrate massage. You enjoyed it."
Raising her head a little she gives a weak, shy smile, still bright red, "I don't want to lose your friendship. I know Sherlock usually doesn't think before speaking or doing things."
“I never thought you’d return my feelings. Or enjoy sex with me as much as you do.” I reply a bit muffled.
“No, I’m trying to put you to bed, so I can go and visit him. And you’re going to stay here and rest.” I yank his shirt out of his trousers and start on his belt, not breaking his gaze.
Still sleeping lightly from the nights in the hospital, I feel Sherlock shift in the bed. I start awake. “What’s wrong, Love?”
Using my height advantage I sweep into his mouth, my hand dropping to his shoulder, the other wrapping around his chest to bring him close.
Chuckling I nod, relaxing once more and lifting my phone, "Sleep? I'm not tired but having you close is...relaxing."
“You smell like the hospital.” I raise an eyebrow, but the reach out to grab him around the waist. “Let’s go back to sleep.” I bury my face in his chest, trying to forget my dream.
“You make it sound so.... indecent. It’s not like I want to get a blowjob in the middle of a crowded shopping center. It’s just you know... in the back of cabs...in an empty room at a crime scene… That kind of thing.” I blush a little.
Arching back in the bed I attempt to ignore the slightly strange, uncomfortable sensation growing in my rear, trying to cling to the rush of afterglow.
I squeeze his hand trying to relax into the stretch. I throw my head back onto the pillows with a gasp.
He slowly pulls up and I let out a long moan in time with him. “You’re going to fucking kill me. You know that?” I thread my fingers through his hair.
I groan into his ear as he pulls back and thrusts into me. My cock pulses back to life again when he traps it against our stomachs as he starts thrusting. Our hands are still interlaced on one side of us and I bring my other up and around to rest on his back.
I start pulling sandwich fixings out of the fridge. “Uh huh l. I bet you could tell me everything I said.... what kind of sandwich do you want?”
“I don’t want to make promises I can’t keep. But I can say... it’s just because I’ve been without... someone to share this with. And it’s also because this is so new. I just want you all the time. I can’t help it. That’s why I said sorry.”
A few minutes later, I slam through the lab doors carrying two coffees. I rush over to Sherlock and setting his coffee on the lab counter. “Greg’s ripped his stitches and has passed out on the floor. He’s at your brother’s alone. I’ve got to go.” I give Sherlock a quick peck on the cheek. “I’ll call you when I know more.” I rush back out the lab doors before either of them can say anything.
I hum gently at his question, ignoring it for the moment, "When I met you I transferred all my medical knowledge. Now it resides in your surgery at the clinic. I walk in there and touch the various bits and pieces you have there and recall things I've learned and need once more. Even the walk into the clinic houses knowledge. The posters on the wall telling me details of the latest figures for diseases."
The scene previous to this is in Chapter One of the main RP here: https://archiveofourown.org/works/13132902/chapters/30041424
“That’s not the way to get what you want and I don’t want to do this if you’re still upset from earlier. I want you to want this because... because you want me. Because we are ready for this.” I brush his hair back so I could see him properly.
Nodding, I duck my head down to rest my lips into his soft hair, "And I you John. That ring I gave you isn't for show. In fact, rings are quite impractical for ornamentation in our lines of work."
“Oh, Sherlock. Lay back. You need to lie down. You’re in shock.” I help the paramedics lay him back and I scoot down the bench near his head. I use a corner of the shock blanket to wipe his mouth and I brush the hair out of his eyes.
“Oh, I don’t know. I didn’t stop by the flat. Maybe we could go visit tomorrow. See how bad it really is.”
I keep moving in and out, slowly. I don’t brush his prostate as often, I could tell he was getting too worked up and I didn’t want it to end too quickly. He was starting to get looser already. “Are you ready for a third finger?”
I give a small nod, then turn to Molly, my tone very former, "I apologize for not informing you that John would be coming as well. I didn't believe this would be...that kind of dinner."
My legs shift, the one over his shoulder jerking and my other wrapping around the back of his thighs to drum a pattern on his rear as he thrusts. "A little...little higher...oh fuck..."
Frowning I test his muscles again, then lean in, cupping his shoulder and pulling his arm up very slowly and gently, "Tell me if it hurts?"
Nodding I just listen to John's calm voice, not really paying attention to his words, before I try and catch a breath and start coughing fitfully.
Chuckling, I gaze down at him, tilting my head a little, "Regardless of process and keeping track of progress on your internal scale..are you happy with how we are? Or do you dream of marriage?"
“I know we talked about it before... but we never.... and I haven’t brought it up but... I want to give that to you. I want us to experience that together.” I let out a sigh and rub the back of my head, blushing.
Gasps I stretch myself, adding more lube before replacing my fingers nodding, "Or you could....from behind?" my cheeks flush, spreading down my chest. We've only really done it in missionary so far.
Nodding I pull out my phone, holding John still and starting to browse the net with my free hand, the glow lighting my face, "It makes no sense. How can you know me better than I know myself?"
Rolling my eyes I continue to transfer beans, adding in the returned sausage between movements, "I'll eat half the egg and one half of the toast."
My hands fumble with the box again, trying to tug the ring out of it's snug housing, finally tossing the container over my shoulder and holding out the ring, "Mine will be ready tomorrow. I had to order it to match yours custom made. I have large fingers."
I dart into the kitchen to grab my coat I left there earlier, starting to shrug it on, beaming from ear to ear in the way Mycroft always teased me about, chins multiplying around my neck, "I may be some time. Order take away and put mine in the fridge for when I return"
I put my hand on my face. “I’m sorry, Molly. You know how he is. I can go, if there’s not enough.” I say trying to be polite. I knew there was a chance we may not be eating at all, depending on how upset she was over our news.
I do as I’m told and start kicking my shoes off while I wait. I sit patiently on the rug, my knees bent with my arms wrapped around them.
He hums as he laps at me and that makes my cock twitch. I can feel myself getting loose already from his tongue and his saliva. “Mmmm, Sherlock, that feels good.”
I soon return, feeling freshened after a quick wash and carrying a flannel and towel. Without a word I sit and begin to clean his stomach and then between his legs, a small, fond smile on my lips.
Panting, I can feel it building, greater than anything I ever felt, my pelvis feeling on fire with the extra stimulation and the burn from being stretched and filled finally translating to pure bliss, "Let me...let me, please"
Twisting and pushing and pulling my body to pieces I whine, no longer caring what I sound like, gasping John's name out and wrapping my slender arms around his torso so he can't pull away. I feel the alien sensation of being filled and wince a little then submit to the sparks still sending out aftershocks from my prostate stimulated climax.
I try to answer but my breath catches, starting to cough fitfully which makes my head start to pound, growing dizzy and clutching John's arms.
"If my legs will support me." I try to get up, then flop back down, shaking my head, "Lets sleep here? We have most of the pillows and blankets here anyway."
My smile is rather gentle as I watch John settle down for a nap. Adjusting myself again I begin to plan out my experiment for the night, checking everything is in place and then sitting down in my chair, retreating into my mind palace while John is sleeping.
“Sherlock...” I warn. I look at Molly who has turned bright pink. “Though I do know what doctor he’s talking about.” I raise an eyebrow and give her a little smile.
I sigh, as I ring the bell, not really wanting to argue about it with him anymore. “Remember what I said about talking to Molly about this you’re not going to just blurt it out.”
“Do you like it?” I say through a groan. I thrust in again and it feels so much deeper than before. “Oh fuck... so deep...” I can’t help but to pick up my pace.
I decide to start with something basic, placing my lips onto his hole and then kissing it, just as I would his mouth, tenderly and gently. His musk fills my senses, so much stronger here.
“No I won’t,  love. What is it?” I press a kiss to his lips and then start my own way down his neck.
Wriggling a little I roll onto my front, head down in John's lap now and starting to nuzzle, "I have time to give you a reminder that you're not to chase after Bill or his friends then."
"But each place in my mind palace, each room, each wing, is somewhere I know in reality." Sweeping up and down his fingers I move onto fingernails, "For instance. All my medical knowledge used to be stored in my childhood doctor's surgery. Knowledge of broken bones associated with the rather intriguing plastic skeleton in the corner. Diseases bound to the pages of the books on his desk I used to sneak peeks at while mummy chatted to him about me."
I groan and toss the deli wrapped package of sliced Gouda into the bin. I settle for making myself a Turkey and cheddar sandwich and cheese only sandwich for Sherlock. I cut his sandwich into two triangles and put it on a napkin. I carry it into the sitting room and place it on the arm of his chair, sitting opposite him in my own chair. I take a bite of my sandwich. “Since I know you didn’t hear me, I’m going to meet my friend Bill for pints at 6:30.”
“You’re being dramatic. It wasn’t horrible. She’s our friend.” I grab his hand and start walking to the Main Street for us to get a cab.
"Oh. OH!" My face reflects my slight sheepishness at missing his meaning, rocking up onto my heels and finally letting go of his hand, "For me? No. It hasn't yet and I don't see that it will. Although I do find there are two types of sexual activity occurring for me now."
“Oh god... yeah they are... so long...” My cock starts to harden a bit more from his voice, it had softened a bit from all the new sensations. I shift my hips again.
“Me too... already.” My hips thrust up to meet his and I bring a hand up behind his neck to pull his mouth back to mine.
Sliding out of bed, I spit my words in distaste, "I'm not good with these...feelings." The word is said like a type of flesh-eating virus.
“No, I know. But I love hearing it when you do say it. So even if you did say it 100 times a day, I’d never get tired of hearing it.” I give him another soft kiss.
"No it isn't." My nose scrunches up, my lips puckering in distaste, "I want to be married. Not have a wedding if I can avoid it."
I suddenly forgot all about the massage and did as I was told and rolled over. My cock filling the rest of the way out, now that it had space to grow. I feel my face heat at my lack of control.
My cock springs from my pants as he manages to get them down low enough. I’m only half hard though so it flops a bit onto Sherlock’s face.
My voice is sluggish and a little slurred with just the vague hint of a lisp on some of my sharper sounds, "NoPe...just relaxing and letting myself drift for a little bit. Though it's starting to become uncomfortable now."
“No, don’t hold it in. I want to hear you. How else will I know if I’m doing it right?” I use the pad of my middle finger to press a little harder into the center.
I look up at him in the dark. “I had a bad dream. I could feel that you were gone. I sleep better when you’re in bed with me.” I lean my head back on his chest. “It started out rather good. We were snogging on the sofa at the flat. But then there was a fire in the kitchen. And you ran into the fire to get the microwave or some experiment and I couldn’t get to you. You were yelling for me and I couldn’t get to you.”
“A beautiful mess. It’s supposed to be messy.” I wrap my arms around him and pull him close to me. “I didn’t hurt you, did I?”
I moan into his mouth then pull back. “I don’t know... we’ll have to try it several times to establish a trend, hmm?” I buck my hips up into him. “God, you are so fucking hard already.”
Molly's smile grows even more desperate, nodding and shutting the door, before tottering towards the kitchen in rather too tall heels for her, "He means well."
Firmly I try and return John to my lap, shaking my head, "You know our thoughts tend to run to the same end here."
Giving a small quirk of my lips I put my own head down, attempting to ignore the slightly charged atmophere now, only the clink of glass beakers and crinkle of paper breaking the silence.
My coat slips off, hitting the ground in a heavy pile of damp wool, my arms under it reaching for John's waist to pull him closer.
My legs drop to either side of his thighs, knees hitting the bed so I can get an angle to thrust properly into my hand, bending to catch his lips once more to tug and play.
“I’ll take that as a yes... yes, Molly, we’ll be there in about half an hour?” I say. “Alright, see you guys in a bit.” Molly says before hanging up. I move into the bathroom, where Sherlock was rinsing off in the shower. I step in with him.
"Why? Why are they worried?" My words are snapped a little, "Mycroft wasn't worried. He was angry. He wanted to hit me."
I hold my hips in place while he tugs down on my pants. He still struggling a bit, so I reach up to start undoing my belt and button of my pants.
“Because we care about you! That’s why we were worried!” I say exasperated. “And Mycroft was worried about Lestrade.”
There's an almost dream like quality to my voice as I let him go, "I do. I don't even know why John. There's no logical reason."
Without glancing at my laptop or the clock I shrug, "10am. You've slept in longer than you normally do."
I can't stop the grin that spreads across my lips, "Our bath here isn't big enough for us both. I know you enjoy long baths but that's because it's a small bath and you're a small human."
I pull back putting my hand on his cheek. “Yes I said yes!” I chuckle, “Have you forgotten already?”
My eyes shoot up to meet his. “You don’t know how long I’ve waited to hear you say that.” I kiss him deeply.
I pull him up to standing, putting my arm around him and help him to the ambulance. He was shaking all over. “It’s alright. We’ll get you in the ambulance where it’s warm and you can lay down.”
My tongue flicks out to roll around the shell of his ear, purring, "Lestrade would be wondering where we went...”
Pausing I can't nod, head occupied but my long fingers do indeed press harder, palm cupping and lifting his balls and my lip and tongue slurp on his shaft and head, enjoying the taste even as I seek my prize.
Still massaging I pause my corkscrewing, instead concentrating on swallowing down every last drop, long neck working as my tongue swipes back and forth to collect up all I can, the taste having grown quite addictive to me.
I smile a bit and press a kiss into the top of his head. The second time in a week that we were going to the hospital. For something life threatening. I kiss him again as the cab pulls up in front of Bart’s. “Sherlock, we’re here, Love. Come on.” I help him sit up and climb out of the cab and into the A&E.
Settling down on the pillows, I gaze at him in the little light provided by a gap in the curtains, "Is this something you'll feel a need to torture yourself over for a while longer?"
Lifting my head slightly my look turns disapproving, "I've been researching dirty talk to use for this occasion. You're ruining it."
Glancing up I grumble a little to cover my clumsiness, "This is harder than it looks in porn John. You're also larger than others I've seen this performed on."
I groan a bit. “Hey that’s not fair, you got me all worked up and you didn’t tell me what your fantasies were.”
Tugging John along I head straight for the bathroom, not bothering to shed my coat or shoes, just moving with a single mind to where the largest of our many first aid kits are kept.
“Mmm. That sounds lovely.” I open my door to climb out and start grabbing gifts out of the back seat to carry inside.
My breath catches, before I mutter, "No. I want. You." to emphasis my point I lift a long leg, slinging it over John's hips and pushing our groins together, trying to ignore the fact that the cold air made me shrink to an embarrassing size.
I close my eyes and mutter, the sound vibrating in my throat under his lips, "I felt....not part of their family."
Waving the old fashioned phone at him I beam, "I've never had a massage and I don't wish a stranger's hands all over me. But I'll order one for you now."
My lips find his ear and jaw, nuzzling eagerly as we remain locked together, even with climaxes passed. I know I'll even now be growing soft and slipping out but I want to make every second last, just in case I never get this chance ever again.
The next scene is in Chapter 2 of the main RP here: https://archiveofourown.org/works/13132902/chapters/30041538
"No..." my tone is more gentle now, but just as firm, "Don't do it for me. Do it for yourself or not at all."
Putting down my other test tube I pick up my laptop, striding into the living room and flopping down onto my chair to make some quick notes, "What's edible in the fridge? Don't use anything on the second shelf down."
“They might be perfect for one another then. But people act differently around different people. Maybe when they are together, its different. I feel like I act differently when it’s just you and I, than when we are around others.”
Taking his fingers between mine one by one I begin to fill out in even more detail the John inside my palace, "You link places you remember in the real world, locations, with things you wish to remember. My mind palace isn't just a collection of meaningless file stores, filing cabinets."
This Chapter picks up after Chapter 14 of 221 Boom here: https://archiveofourown.org/works/13132902/chapters/30129348
Blinking, I leave a small gap before repeating, a little dumbly, "Public indecency....Oh! Your public sex kink. Of course." my lips curve in a wide, content smile as I deduce it.
As John falls onto the bed, laying spread out and confused, I climb on top of him, wriggling down till I'm laying between his legs, smirking up his body as long fingers dig into his hip, "Experiment."
“Mmm. That sounds lovely. You think we’ll both fit?” I start toeing of my shoes, unbuttoning my jeans.
He moves my hand to his hair and I thread my fingers through it, trying not to pull too hard. I can feel my release coiling up, and my balls clench up. “I’m right fucking there, Sherlock.... so close...” My hips buck up into his mouth.
I hold him close in the back of the cab, his head resting on my shoulder. “How are you feeling now?”
"No John, no, it's quite all right." Molly steps back, her smile rather shaky, "Come on in, please. I'm sure it was just a silly mistake Sherlock didn't mention you come too. I made enough for an army anyway." There's the banging of cupboards and clinking of plates from the direction of the kitchen.
“We could. If that’s what you want. I don’t mind you being in the kitchen. I like having you close when you are working. It relaxes me.” I raise his hand up to kiss his knuckles.
My breath comes out choked and I crush my mouth to his, kissing him deeply. “I love you, Sherlock. So much.” I kiss him again. “I won’t want anyone else. Ever.” It wasn’t as eloquent as what Sherlock had said, but I meant every word.
I nod and huff at the thought. He starts thrusting in more forcefully with his fingers rather than just sliding them in and out. He twists his fingers and my breath catches again.
“I’ve been home all morning. Because I worked the weekend.” I press a kiss into the crook of his neck. “Don’t tell me you forgot our shower this morning...” I mumble.
Nodding I relax once more, my breathing slowing until it settles into a still raspy little snore, my hands clutching in John's jumper relaxing.
I grumble bit before starting over. “I may have told him that I thought he and Mycroft were rushing things.”
One last aftershock hits me as I watch him lick my cum off his lips. I huff out a sigh. “God, you are so beautiful. C’mere.” I grab his arm to pull him up to me, to kiss him. I groan into his mouth when I can taste myself on him.
I smile softly at him as we shuffle through the door. I unload my arms into the coffee table and as I’m standing up the envelope from Anthea falls out of my pocket. I pick it up from the floor and toss it onto the coffee table with a snort.
“Mmm. Hurry? We don’t need to hurry....” I’m almost panting already. I start to push him back towards the kitchen and down the hall.
I step the rest of the way towards him and take the shirt from his fingers. “Fine. You’re my freak then.” I reach up to his cheek, to make him look at me.
I’m warm all over and even warmer inside Sherlock’s mouth, where I was slowly going soft. I was panting desperately, almost hyperventilating. I tried my best to slow my breathing.
Without even pausing I stride down the hospital corridor, "Rubbish John, where else would we go? Baker Street is our home."
“Now that’s dirty talk.” I grumble and pull him up on me more fully as we lay back into the blankets. I reach up for his mouth with mine.
My eyes flutter, looking around in confusion. Then I see John following and reach out a hand in desperation, "Jawn."
I grasp his shoulders to try and guide his head down into my lap, nodding, "They do seem matched though. I worry about how Lestrade was acting just now though."
I grab the lube from where he had left it on the blankets. I poured some into my hand and began to slick up my cock. I let out a little sigh at the contact, I hadn’t even thought about how hard I already was from watching him.
I start moving my finger in and out sinking slightly deeper each time. Soon I was pulling my entire finger in and out.
“Mmm. Let me see... that the spots on my feet that you researched, do cause me to be aroused.” I pull him close to whisper in his ear, “And.... just the idea of me being hard from what you did to me, makes you hard too.”
My eyes roll, huffing, "I was going to refer to your testicles as your 'Santa sacks' and your penis as my Christmas stocking."
My laptop falls onto the bed, making me chuckle and try to twist in his arms to face him, "I think you miss ordering people around Captain Watson"
Glaring at my phone I slip it away in my coat pocket as I get out of the taxi outside 221B. What was he going on about? Something wrong with the tea I made? Probably upset as I made it and it didn't meet the standards he now set for Lestrade. Stupid. I go to open the door of 221 and feel a slightly unsettled feeling wash over me, a slight pain in my stomach. I'm about to pull out my phone to text my brother back when I grin to myself, shaking my head. Why would I do that? I feel fine. Better than fine in fact! What I need is to see my John. Spinning on my heel I start to stride along Baker Street towards the quieter, residential streets where John has his residence at the clinic. As I go I feel a little like dancing for some reason, putting in a couple of waltz steps that turn into stumbles, clutching onto the wall for balance. This...isn't good. Not good at all. I speed up, wanting desperately to reach John now, my head starting to spin and race out of control. So much my thoughts start spilling out of my mouth, startling passer bys as I reel off deductions about them from nowhere. As I reach the clinic I'm grasping the wall to stop my collapse, my head on fire and thoughts moving too fast even for me to follow. All I know is I have to see my John.
I look at Sherlock struggling with a pen and paper, tears streaming down his face. “Oh, Love... maybe you should lie down.”
My sharp eyes rake over him, nodding, lust colouring my tone as I make no attempt to hide my own arousal as it sits upright and proud in my lap, "My experiment on all grounds has been successful."
“And I would have the chocolates to myself if you didn’t eat half of them. But you know I don’t mind sharing with you.” I think for a moment. “I don’t know mostly I just used to think about your mouth a lot. And then recently I’ve been thinking about what it would feel like to be inside you. And to watch you underneath me like that.”
My head rises quickly to stare at him, "You felt like this? Really? Like you were standing on the outside of the family, not really part of it?" I pause, then add softly, "Mycroft wanted to include me but...I'm different. I always have been John."
I dose lightly for a while as Sherlock shuffles in the kitchen. The alarm on my watch goes off and I sit up and rub my face. Sherlock is still working in the kitchen, so I stop to ruffle his hair and kissing the top of his head on my way to the bathroom.
"You have a much higher sex drive than I it seems." My hand slides down to rest on his hip, attempting to conceal the stab of concern I suddenly feel, "Is that an issue?"
Thundering up the stairs I swirl into the flat, bringing the crisp new year's day air inside. My coat shimmers with moisture and my hair has turned into a frizzy mess but I don't care as I look around for John.
“We’re making a mess all over the pillow. I’m going to pull out now.” I pull back with a grunt. Still sensitive.
His breath sends goosebumps down my neck. “Yeah.… I’d shove you up against the wall and rip open that ridiculous coat…”
I watch out the window as the buildings pass by. What a Christmas this had turned out to be. This year had been different from all the others. We’ve been so happy... why all of a sudden did I feel like shit?
Reaching, I awkwardly pat his shoulder, trying to affect a neutral tone, "There, there. I'm sure it happens to plenty of men."
“That’s not what you were saying the other night.” I quip. I pull the blankets up over him and climb up next to him.
“Woah, woah, woah!” I grab his shoulders, pushing him back down. “You have a concussion and smoke inhalation. You have to stay here.”
My fingers work their way under his Christmas jumper, starting to tug it off, "What else? You didn't seem happy when we left."
That wasn't at all the reaction I expected, lowering the phone to peer at him, "Why not? I'm sure they're very skilled here."
My arms wrap tight, pulling him in close. I feel calm, floating. This must be what normal people feel like. "Tell me your thoughts?"
Joining in his giggles with my own, deeper ones, I drop one foot, picking up the other, "How do you feel? Apart from silly."
He starts to come between us and I thrust deeper. He squeezes around me in time with his orgasm and that’s all I needed. Watching him come undone while I was inside him was overwhelming. It sets me over the edge and I bury my face in his shoulder as I fill him with my own warmth. My eyes sting with the emotion of it all and I choke out a sobbed moan. “Oh..sh’lock...”
Munching my own I let the silence stretch a little between us, before murmuring, "I know of course you'll say no. But I also know you'll get irritated by his insistence since you won't want to be open with him about our relationship as you don't want to be teased all night by your friend." my little deduction goes on, "You're now concerned that you'll end up punching Bill as he has a mouth that's around ten times larger than his brain."
I pinken again and the nurse smirks at me as she removes the blood pressure cuff. “Sherlock...” I say, embarrassed.
He lifts my legs and hips up and suddenly I feel very exposed. He’s so close that I can feel his breath on me. “Do you want a pillow?” I choke out nervously.
Molly sits on the chair opposite, twisting her hands back and forth and giving us a pathetic little smile, waiting I'm about to open my mouth to snap something when I stop, a little voice which sounds suspiciously like John in the back of my head telling me it's a bit not good, snapping my mouth shut again with a huff.
The Previous chapter can be found in Chapter 1 of 221Boom here: http://archiveofourown.org/works/13132902/chapters/30041424
Rolling my eyes I start to oil my hands once more, sliding them together before reaching to take one of John's perfect little feet in my palm, marveling at how I could hold it almost entirely in my fingers, "Of course not. My feet are abnormal, like the rest of me. My toes are almost longer than some people's fingers."
Nodding, I keep still, floating in that quiet, peaceful place. I'm both enclosed and filled with John. My transport sparks and aches and pulses and is the sum total of me in that moment. It's something I once feared but now embrace with John's assistance and in his safe arms.
Finding his spine, my fingers tease down it, nodding, "We can compromise? Sometimes, even if I'm not aroused, I can provide you with sex anyway?"
We remain that way for a few hours, Sherlock lightly snoozing as I brush through his hair, then his neck, finally settling with drawing lazy circles on his back.
That makes me chuckle a little, shaking my head and rolling onto my back, pulling him with me as I gaze at the darkened ceiling, "I never thought I'd enjoy sex this much. I always thought it looked messy, painful and rather boring."
“Because you’re never content to just lay here with me.” I say not moving my face still smushed into his chest.
His calming voice has the effect it often does, dropping my hands down, shoulders stooping. I decide to be blunt. "Do you, John Hamish Watson, wish to marry me? Now or in the future."
“I don’t doubt it... I just want to hear it sometimes. And I know we will be fine.” I press a kiss into his shoulder.
The corners of my mouth turn up as we kiss and I smile into his mouth. “I love you, Sherlock Holmes.” I lay my head on his shoulder, nuzzling into his neck.
I try to grow alarmed at his words but his actions take the panic out of my voice as I moan, "Wrong? What can go wrong?"
I try an experimental little tug on his earlobe, just enough for it to sting as my teeth bite into his flesh, purring my words deeply, "I like the fact you enjoy sucking me. I 'd have to muffle my cries or even the idiots on Lestrade's team would work out what you're doing for me."
Trying to conceal the slight sting of rejection I nod, lifting my chin, "I didn't see a need to ring around every single one of the people who know me or know of me to tell them the change."
I smile softly. He was still playing with my fingers so I turn my hand over to lace our fingers together.
Pulling back so far the water sploshes a little over the sides of the bath, I stare at John in horror and disgust, "Romantic? Name one romantic thing I've done for you...that isn't also practical."
I chuckle and lean over to kiss him. “I didn’t realize this place was fancier than the place in Sussex.”
My head drops to my chest, nodding, then I roll over on my side to face John, keeping hold of his hand, "Will you go and check on him again?"
Leaning back I consider this, frowning into thin air, "My brother is more than used to coming and bailing me out."
“You’re not listening to the ones that matter.” I help him into the tub helping him lie back. “Is the water warm enough?”
Glancing up I shift, smearing his head around my lips to leave a glistening trace of his passion behind before lifting my head, eyes glazed with the drifting, peaceful feeling I get now whenever we do this, before my tongue slides out to lap all around my mouth.
I'm very glad I picked the lube for us with care as I slide one finger from each hand into John alongside my tongue. The lube is tasteless and I'm able to keep kissing and licking him even as my two fingers begin the real stretch.
I stop the taps, waving my feet to make sure the warm water circulates around us, before running my toes up and down his legs, "I could give you the kiss of life?"
“I used to worry about that kind of thing… But you’ve corrupted me.” I try to smile without stretching my lip too much.
I can't help but shift up and down on top of him, wincing as I take my fingers deeper and stretch myself, unable to take things slowly.
I chuckle. “It’ll be fine. Plus Anthea said that the hotel is pretty posh. I bet the sheets will be just as ridiculous as yours.” We step out onto the pavement, where one of Mycroft’s cars was waiting.
Turning back to Molly I give her my best charming smile, knowing how well it's worked in the past, "Now Molly. Where is this interesting corpse you have for me? Come along John."
Chuckling, I tug a large envelope from the side of my chair where I had hidden it, "Your name is a far better sound than any love song could be John. I've been using your name to express my affections since we first met."
I press harder and harder in circles until my finger slips inside him. I still my finger and look up to him for reassurance.
I'm cooperating with the nurse nicely, doing exactly as she says and not complaining, managing a tiny smile to John as I do so.
Sliding my arm under my head I gaze at the ceiling grumpily, "I'm going to order room service. Everything on the menu. Whenever I can. Then throw it out the window."
He thrust into me deeper and deeper. And with my cock trapped between us, I got harder and harder, feeling him thrust and take me. And his moans and the noises he was making we’re driving me closer and closer to the edge. “Sssok... I’m close too.”
Adding more oil, my thumb begins to work the part of his sole identified as giving a calming feel, "You enjoy my legs. I've seen you watching them. Ever since we met in fact"
“You’re so demanding.” I reach my hand down underneath his balls pressing lightly, sliding lower and lower, until I feel puckered skin. I gasp a bit and I look up quickly to watch his reaction as I press in light circles.
My mind blanks out for a moment, eyes wide, staring into thin air as my transport tries to decide if just that image is enough to climax from.
My lips press together, almost vanishing as I attempt to hold in the noise brewing in my chest, legs twitching slightly either side of John.
I grow very slightly confused, "This wet and sloppy? Yes, sorry. I could use a condom in future." I quickly add, "If you wish to do it again that is."
"You always lick your lips." I finish cleaning it, inspecting it while considering a steristrip to help close it, "Oral fixation, remember."
“What do you mean?” I mumble, this side was not painful like the other side had been. It was starting to make me sleepy.
“I rather enjoy looking at it. Didn’t I tell you that the other morning in the shower?” I ask climbing out of bed to get dressed as well.
A paramedic comes over. “The second ambulance is here. We were waiting for it to take Mr. Holmes to the hospital. Are you a relative?”
"Please...." my head is thrown back, spreading my thighs once more and giving a small thrust with them, asking John to return between them silently.
My eyes roll, reaching to try and grasp his chin once more. This time there's a touch of a smile to my lips, "It makes me feel treasured for the first time. Wanted. Remember what happens when you praise me? It's like that, but more."
Leaning down I place a kiss on his forehead, "It's not stupid to me. Lestrade sounds like he's taking Mycroft's side without considering all the facts. It makes me even more concerned that Lestrade isn't in full knowledge of what sort of person Mycroft is."
“I know.” I put my hand on his face. “Just lie back and we’ll help you feel better.” A nurse grabs his arm, while I’m holding his attention. She expertly starts an IV and starts a drip and injects the IV with some midazolam, as the Doctor has directed. “You’re going to get a bit sleepy. They’re going to get you cleaned up.”
“Mmm. Ridiculous, you’re like a bloody octopus. All legs and arms. But I wasn’t talking about those either. Keep guessing.”
Rolling my eyes I start setting out the chemicals I need for tonight's experiments, "I'll remember you everytime I need to sit down John." there's a slight reddish hint to my cheekbones as my words call to mind the elephant in the room between us.
Finally I can breath freely once more, cocooned away in our warm and cosy little den, "You're my family. Hudders too. But mainly you."
My hand trembles slightly as I fumble the small, black velvet box from my pocket. I tell myself it's from the moist chill outside. "John.." I begin, gazing at him with wide eyes.
Curling up, my teeth chatter, managing to snap out with only a little of my usual venom, "You have a good layer of fat to insulate you."
My face turns bright pink as the few people in the waiting room and the receptionist and nurses looked on. “Let’s go back to my office, Sherlock.” I turn him, still holding his shoulders and walk him through the waiting room doors and into my office where I shut the door behind us. I attempt to sit him in a chair. “Sherlock, What happened? Did you have something to drink today?”
Nudging and nuzzling his lips I murmur, "For a straight man you don't seem to fear the taste of yourself."
“You’re not doing too well as it is...” I find him a wheel chair and plop him into it. We approach the desk and the receptionists looks up at us. “What is it this time, boys?” She asks handing me a clip board. “Sherlock drank some bad tea. Our friend was admitted too. Greg Lestrade.” I explain. Her eyes shoot up. “Oh right! We were told that if you arrived to take you to a room right away.”
I’m already pulling on my trousers. “At least, trousers and the coat.” I say holding up his trousers.
Falling on top of him my lust is almost roaring from me, grabbing his hair and waist to grind into him, "Maybe all I need to do to arouse myself is to arouse you? Will it work everytime?"
Sighing I flop down into the back of the black car, kicking my shoes at the divider opposite us and taking a childish glee in leaving scuff marks on it. As we drive I notice a loose thread on the seat and start to unravel it, "We've lived at Baker street through worse things than a little explosion John."
My shoulders give a very small shrug, "That either they're rushing into things or....we're taking too long. I'm unsure."
Tossing my shirt onto the floor in a messy heap my bottom lip slides out into full, plump glory, "We won't be able to charge our phones. Chargers are back at the hotel."
As I race out the door I wave a careless hand behind me, "They'll open for me John." before vanishing, banging the door after me and thumping down the stairs.
“Yes, Maybe tomorrow for a little bit. Though they don’t need much supervision.” I say unwrapping out of the blankets.
The trolley comes level with John's side of the bed before I attempt to climb back in, not bothering to go to my side but instead clambering over John
My eyes light up, leaping out of bed and heading straight towards the bathroom without a word, my body striped in the remains of our playtime and needing to be washed away.
My own face starts to colour slightly, trying to maintain my rather carefree air, "It's just we've both got rather agitated over my brother marrying. I feel there may be something we're both maybe wishing but I don't know what it is."
Shaking my head I continue my battle with both the pen and my emotions, snapping, "Greg is in danger! Need too.....too..." the pen and paper fall to the floor, burying my spinning head into my hands.
Lifting my head I meet his eyes, my head swimming and aching, "I'm not used to feeling this pathetic. Is this how ordinary people feel? I don't like it."
“Maybe Molly will be able to get some for you.” I offer. “Please, Sherlock. We need to get you well so we can go home.” I brush back his curls.
I drop the plate I'm holding as Molly leans up and places her lips onto mine. I'm too stunned for the moment to do a thing, even the sound of the shattering china muted in my head, before I kick into gear, stumbling back from her with a look of utter disgust twisting my face, "No Molly Hooper, no."
“Ok. Um... I’ve been thinking about it too. I did some research of my own...” I brush my fingers along his collarbone.
I pull back slightly, just enough to speak, "The advantages of a large mouth." My words ghost over his wet and raw skin, nibbled by teeth and stubble.
“Mmm. My favorite ones. You weren’t paying attention when I get dressed?” My hand finds its way back to his curls.
We set up a nice little nest of blankets in front of the fireplace, together. I grab my glass of whisky off the side table and down it in one gulp. It burned on the way down and I winced.
My answer is to grab hold tight of John's upper arms, snarling but with a playful grin, "Stop now and I'll break your penis. I'm not sure how but it must be possible."
My feet thud on the pavement, arms locked behind me, head down as I mutter to myself, head twitching now and then as though reading something invisible.
Nodding I close my eye, glad that John is seeing my point now, "The best. Apart from when you're being boring of course."
His words produce a slight whimper in my throat beyond my control, managing a stiff like nod, "It feels like nothing else."
Glaring at the wall switch I grumble, "I gave you the option to return to that hotel." bitterness starts to creep into my already sour voice, "Where that lovely, pretty maid will serve you breakfast in bed."
Leaning down I try and wrap my arms around him, trying to lift him up onto my lap, "I was going to get the roof replaced and the inside modernised but mummy suggested I talk it over with you first. I have the funds if we need them."
I manage to stagger a couple of steps and then clutch onto John, head spinning and feeling woozy again, muttering, "Thank god for my high tolerance to drugs."
I nod and toe off my shoes, climbing up next to him. I lay up higher and hold my arms out to him so he can lay on my chest. “That’s right. I forgot that I owed you a “taking apart”.” I grin. “I guess you’ll have to wait a few more days.”
“Exactly. Special. That and I know you like the other one. It almost guarantees that I get head when we get home.” I grin at him. “In fact, maybe I should put it on so you can think about how I good I smell while I’m gone.”
My grumbles continue all the way through the lobby and up in the lift, along the corridor and through the door of our suite, verbally insulting everything from the receptionist, to the other guests we pass right down to the potted plants around and the beep the door makes when it opens.
His words make me groan and I let go of myself and push back into him. “Do you want to keep going like this?” I ask a little breathless.
Swallowing I have the unpleasant feeling I've done and said the wrong thing yet again, especially when I glace at Molly to see tears in her eyes and her hands clasped to her mouth.
Freezing I try and ignore the wriggling, firm pair of buttocks that are rubbing on my groin, instead warming some more oil and taking a deep breath before reply, "Just enjoy. I think that's the general idea?"
Gripping onto them the rather passive aggressive fight is on, attempting to keep them in place without moving myself from my flat out position.
Hands slide down his body as he strips me, reaching to undo his trousers, whispering directly into his ear in hot puffs of air, "You looked so handsome today. Even in that jumper."
Molly splutters something, then hides her face in her hands, her voice muffled, "We can still have dinner together?"
Rolling my eyes I continue to argue my case, "I can tell by my pain that my threshold is far higher for drugs of all kind so I'm sure if you doubled the dose I'd be fine and much more gracious and content."
“I would suggest a bath but the water is still off here. Do you want to head back to the hotel?” I roll over to face him. “I could run you a bath in that fancy tub. It has those jets to bubble up the water.”
I’m too focused on watching him react to see anything else he’s doing. Suddenly, he’s holding the small bottle of lube from the bedside drawer in front of my face.
“Sherlock, she’s infatuated with you. You can’t keep manipulating her like you do.” I button my trousers and cross my arms over my chest.
"How can I feel good, feel confident, when you apologize for my own...." I grit my teeth, spitting the next word, "Freakishness."
Looking down at my hands I frown. They're shaking. Why are they shaking? I don't even know if I'm speaking out loud or not as I shake my head. Now that's shaking too. I'm shaking all over.
I let out a deep, wanton moan as he kisses my neck, my body warming now and finally responding. Then I stop, grabbing his hands urgently, "Your laptop? It's still here."
I hate to admit it but the bed is very comfortable with soft cotton and linen sheets, it's smell calming and soothing, "I won't fall asleep."
Nodding I seem rather subdued, putting the car in gear and driving off and out of the posh regions, back towards Baker Street. A remain quiet and my gaze seems far away
Sighing our lips part, my expression slightly peaceful. Nodding I huff, "Don't be too late or I'll start without you."
My oiled and warmed hands begin to sweep up and down John's arm from shoulder joint to finger tips, feeling and squeezing my way along as I swivel and test his stiffened and damaged limb.
“Oh... fuck.. Sherlock... So fucking hot...” I give one last forceful thrust up, almost lifting us off the bed, and I’m pulsing out hot and wet into Sherlock’s hand and out onto my stomach.
My toes wriggle and poke even more, working their way between John's warm thighs, "Of course you enjoy it. It gives you something to complain about. You're always happiest when complaining."
I sigh and nod, closing my eyes a moment to regain composure before responding, "Mycroft isn't as sensitive as I. He is able to better control himself and take care of his heart"
I frown. “Oh... you’re saying you haven’t felt emotionally connected with me... during sex... ever?”
My eyes are drawn down a moment, then back up, moving to slip off the bed to stand, "You seem to wish to talk." I offer a small smirk, "Having emotional sex always seems to help you open up. Let me go and get something to clean with and then we can talk?"
My arms are waving, fighting the nurses now, kicking and snarling, "Jawn, I won't let them hurt you, Jawn."
Relaxing slightly I manage a shy smile, almost a perfect little U shape, "Then...lets try? As long as I can try on you sometime also? I'm curious."
My face falls, huffing grumpily, "I went to see Lestrade. I spoke with him. He's...fine. It's all fine"
My head lifts slowly, eyes clear and dry but showing a hint of vulnerability I work hard to hide usually. My voice is level once more, softer though, "You'll grow frustrated. You'll grow angry. At yourself. At me."
Off I go across the room, utterly naked and padding towards the bags that Anthea left us containing our clothes, "I always believed my rear was rather undesirable. I asked my tailor to make it appear smaller."
"Yeeeeeeees?" The noise is half a word, half a moan, twisting my body so my hips lift and present myself better.
"I know that, " My voice sound slightly impatient, "I'm more than confident that I'm the one you want to be with. I'm no longer nervous and insecure about such things. I'll leave that to Lestrade now."
The fingers of my free hand slide in between John's in understanding, thrusting with the two of my other hand, adding a small twist now and then to help stimulate him, "Soon we shall be as close as is possible."
My look is rather patronizing, flicking water around us both with my long fingers, "Sentiment is a defect found on the losing side John." with a small pause I continue, a slight smile on my lips, "Since neither of us are losing it cannot be sentiment I'm feeling."
Swallowing, I shuffle even closer, trying to lift my hips so under my genitals rub on John, "I mean I want you to...."
I can't quite remember how to work my mouth or throat to form words so instead I give a comforting little pat to his back, nodding and flopping back limply into the pillows.
Blinking I peer up him, nodding, "Indeed. My fingers are abnormally long also, as you can feel." With that I begin sweeping my thumbs up and down the sole of his foot, remembering to press hard so I don't tickle.
“But I would’t be able to help you if something happened. If you started having trouble breathing.” I put a hand on his shoulder, squeezing.
Dropping down onto the bed from the chair I start to crawl up his body on all fours, retaining burning eye contact, "Can't you deduce?"
“And it wasn’t that kind of brawling.” I mumble as I take his hand and stand. I follow him through to the kitchen and then make my way into the sitting room and flop down onto the sofa without bothering to remove my jacket, holding the union jack pillow over my stomach.
There's an amused chuckle in his ear as I continue my investigation of his skin, tracing down to his biceps now with both hands, steam rising around us, "I have a whole wing devoted to you and romance."
The fact that John has managed to understand both my experiments causes me to grow almost painfully hard, leaning down to growl back with a flick of my tongue, "I enjoy it when you're not an idiot."
My body spasms and arches, then relaxes, getting used to the new position and the possibilities, my voice raspy with need, "It feels so different. Deeper, bigger. I feel more filled than ever."
My rear wobbles a little as I wriggle into position, my tongue sliding to lap at his balls now in the way I'm well aware makes him go insane, arms coming up and around to hold his thighs in place, spread wide, "Mmmm?"
My head is thrown back now, exposing a long, unbroken line from chin to chest, grunting as I add a third finger, "I won't hurt myself John. I'm experienced now. I know my limits."
We pull up in front of the flat and Sherlock is climbing out of the cab before it even stops. I pay the fare and climb out after him.
I'm yelling now, flailing my arms a little, "It's not too late if we start the process now in secret. Mycroft will have mummy organising his wedding and will want to invite the Queen, all her corgis and probably every world leader. That takes time."
"You do know how I feel about you?" My shoulders sag a little, "I don't need to keep saying it, do I? Like a teenage girl."
Ignoring John I continue on my rant as I had just hit full steam ahead, "You think Mycroft would hire better workers for 221B. It must be revenge." The door opens and Molly is there, looking stunning in a very low cut plunging dress, hair piled up high, blinking in confusion at the pair of us.
"I do say it. Everytime I kiss you John." reaching for our glasses I hand him his, our fingers brushing, "Everytime I say your name."
“I don’t see how tight clothes are comfortable. It’s ridiculous really. You drive me up the goddamn wall. Always have.” I smile crookedly after him.
“We were mostly talking about the relationship stuff... I told him that Mycroft had brainwashed you into thinking that love and relationships were a bad thing.” I start playing with a loose thread on the throw pillow.
I lean in to kiss him again. I hum into his mouth. “I love you. So much.” I bury my face into his neck again.
Hi, it's John. Using Sherlock's phone as mine is in my locker. He's just come in to see me and is acting a bit strange, almost drunk. Babbling something about tea and Lestrade. Is there anything I should know about?
Thanks for being patient with the slowness of my updates with these! Lonewarg and I have had a really good time creating these boys! They hold a special place in ours hearts. Because of this project we have formed a lifelong friendship that crosses an ocean!
Molly just starts to look confused now. I give a loud, frustrated sigh, "Oh for goodness sake!" before lunging at John, attempting to catch his lips full on.
The nurse turns off the monitor and leaves the room with out a word. “Maybe you should stay awake and tell me about it.” I stoke his hair.
“Ooohhh... Sherlock...” I choke out. I squeeze his sides, kneading my fingers into his skin. I feel so full it’s almost painful, uncomfortable. “Don’t stop moving... don’t...” I pant.
Our fingers sliding together perfectly, his hand fitting inside mine as if it were meant to be nowhere else but there. "Maybe if..we designed the upper bedroom as a specialist room for any experiments?"
Reaching for the light switch I flick it, then gives a rumbling snarl, lip curling back as I remember there's no electricity. It would also explain the ice cold air in the room from no heating and the open windows clearing the smell.
“Don’t care. That’s the way I like it.” I continue to play with his hair, careful of his sutures as he drifts off again.
The shirt finally gives up under my fingers, a loud tearing sound heard in the room as the seam surrenders, "Of course I'm a freak."
Huffing, "You don't believe me. I've slept more in the last few days than I ever have since Sussex when you kept drugging me with sex to sleep."
My fingers twirl his hair around, trying to get it to curl and only half succeeding. It reminds me to do a study on his follicles one day. "The only things on my record are my drug offenses."
My transport's demands have changed a little. From floating with pleasure to now pulsing with a slight ache in my muscles and also my rear, "I feel I could sleep now."
My eyes widen a little, gripping the blankets. I feel a rather familiar sensation inside me, one that's only appeared since meeting John, "Who was he?" I bark.
“I’m glad it was me too. I’m so happy we shared that together.” I nuzzle into his chest and press kisses there.
Pulling back a little my oily hand sneaks between us, trying to wrap long fingers around us both, "Together?"
“No. I wasn’t worried about what you might do. I just missed being with you. I don’t like being away from you. Is that so hard to believe?” I dip one of my chips in his tomato sauce.
I close my eyes. To concentrate on the touch of my best friend and lover. To shut out all the unwelcoming and intrusive details of the world around us. To hear only his voice. "In a...good way?"
“I’ll take you How ever you want me, love. Just tell when you are ready.” I say stroking up and down his thighs.
I lift my hips up and that starts him pulling my zip, but stretches it out so he can pull it down easier.
Shaking my head I can't reply properly, my mouth filled with red fabric as I tug it down, trying to get my prize out of the opening.
I'm so busy drying the plate I don't notice, shaking my head, "You would do far better with a man who returned your affection Molly."
“With you?” I think for a moment, “oh... we never told her... about... Sussex.” This was going to be difficult. “Maybe dinner isn’t such a good idea.”
I nod in agreement, sliding my hand out and reaching for the lube, squirting it over my cock as I shuffle onto my knees, refusing to let go of his hand still, "I'm narrow but long. I shouldn't stretch you must more than my fingers have."
“Mmm. Sounds interesting.” I squeeze his hand again and lean over to kiss his cheek. “I have something for you also. I hope you’ll like it.”
I use my thumb to brush the lipstick off his lips. “Alright. Go wait outside and I’ll tell Molly thank you for dinner.”
I turn to Molly, the words finally spilling out. “Molly, we are so sorry we didn’t tell you sooner. It just sort of happened. And well...” I trail off. “How long?” She asks a bit forcefully. “About a month. It was when we were gone to Sussex for that week.” I look at Sherlock then down at my lap.
My face goes pale and I suddenly feel as though I might pass out. “I... I...” I take a deep breath and then I look straight at him. “Yes... yeah, I do.”
I gasp, lifting the box and turning it this way and that before lowering it, staring at John is shock, "Is this a Halictus eurygnathus?"
Settling back down I feel myself drifting off again, "I wonder if I can pick up where I left off. There was honey involved and your mouth."
“You seem intent on getting rid of me. Making me leave. I’m not that stupid you know.” I smile smugly back at him.
I roll onto my side, angling so I can watch John with content eyes, murmuring, "That was everything I wanted and more."
Molly's jaw drops, looking between us, her look utterly dismayed before she recovers with a tiny, awkward giggle, "Oh John...hello. I...err...didn't expect you too."
I sigh into his mouth and my eyes start to feel a little wet again. “Say it now...” I whisper. “Please...”
“Of course, I do. I love you, Sherlock.” I take his hand that was making its way towards me on the bed.
My eyes are closed, lips curved in a small, almost sweet smile, "I walk in the door to that room. There's the small table besides it where we left our small belongings. I touch the tickets and recall our train journey there. I move to the table by the window. It's stacked with jars of honey. I take one, open it and am transported back to the bee shop. I open another and recall perfectly the day at the pond."
Rubbing circles on his soles now, I chuckle, "Would you mean my penis by any chance? Crude soldier."
I open one eye to peer at him. The flannel was nice and warm. “Mmm. That’s nice... usually it’s me doing this part.”
Lifting my head, my eyes tightly shut, trying to lose myself in the sensations and fantasy of the situation, barking, "Take me hard?"
I eye John with a little smirk as he signs all the needed paperwork to gain release and the return of his belongings from the officer on duty, "It feels strange that you're not doing this for me. Or that we're not doing it together."
I grip his hips hard again and start to thrust harder and deeper. “Oh fuck, Sherlock. You feel so good... fuck.”
My footsteps falter a little, turning and regarding John with a puzzled look, "There must be a Holmes and Watson at Baker street. And a Hudson."
My face falls a bit as I thought I’ve been doing a spectacular job of avoiding the subject. I take a deep breath and let it out. “I said some not good things about Mycroft and he said some not good things about you.”
I step over to him after setting the glasses down on my side table by my chair. “Yes me too. It was too much. I was ready to come home. To be with you.” I wrap my arms up around his neck, pulling him close.
“I think I say fuck a lot, too...” I say climbing out of bed. I find my phone in my coat pocket. I look at the caller ID. “It’s Molly.” I say to Sherlock before answering. “Hey Molly.”
I shrug under the covers. “You just do. And we are not at home, so there’s no flat to take care of or clients to expect.”
"Why are we getting naked Jaaaawn?" I slur, reaching for him to try and slide his jacket off, "Are you horny? Bad doctor."
“You can have up to four. You know I won’t allow them to give you narcotics.” I open the bottle and pour three into my hand. “Take three, it will help you rest.”
Holding his hand, I know my next confession will expose me for the sentimental fool I've become, yet I find it hard to resist anything John asks me. "Our memories...are scattered. Depending on what kind they are." my thumb works up and down his thumb nail, mapping the very slight ridge on it and it's bluntly trimmed shape, "Most are located at Baker street. I can walk around 221B in my mind, touch you chair and recall all the times you've sat there. You exact words. Books you've read and glasses of whisky you've imbibed while laughing with me."
I blush and straighten the paper, fleeting images of the other ways I could make him not be able to sit run through my mind. I try to focus on the paper.
Pulling back just a little, just enough to stare at his face in confused horror I bark, "No. I've never felt anything like that. It was a revelation."
Folding my arms, I drop my head onto them, turning to rest my cheek almost on the floor. There's a tiny tremble to my body. I feel exposed, more vulnerable than ever, on display and nervous.
Beaming at the way he helps me along and sits me down I break out into deep giggles, flopping around the chair bonelessly. My John is so helpful and considerate. Wait, did I just say that out loud? Maybe? He's looking at me weird. I thrust my phone at him again, yelling, "Mycroft."
Finally I go soft enough to slip out of him, wincing and then wriggling to cover him better with my body, holding him now as we speak, "Each time has had it's own highlights. It will never grow boring."
My body jolts, yelping in shock, before flopping back, feeling slightly foolish, "Not that hard it seems."
“Seriously?” I thought about it a second. That did explain a few things.... “I didn’t know that.... and why would he set me up with someone else if I tell him I’m in a committed relationship with you?”
I feel a chuckle building despite my nerves and his attentions, squirming as he catches his lips on my ticklish sides a little, "Finger work in itself can be an act of lust. Or so my research tells me John."
Skidding to a halt I turn, face pale and a bright pink lipstick smeared across my lips, eyes wide and bright with confused fright, "I want to go home."
That sounds....interesting, I'll admit, flopping down onto the bed and attempting to pull off my trousers too, "Can I have samples?"
My eyes scrunch up tight, filled with wrinkles, growling, "I wish I could remember. It's like the room in my mindpalace is filled with smoke still."
Giving in, I allow John to strip me, growing more and more petulant, "You'll get grumpy in the morning when you can't have your morning tea."
Curling up I feel a slight chill creeping in from the room, tugging the blankets up and over us both to cocoon us away from the rest of the world, "I am...content that my first time was with you John. I'm sure no one else could have provided the physical and emotional stimulation you did."
I start to squirm and gasp in his grip, rubbing myself on his cock, feeling a little bruised and tender inside already. The thought grabs me, along with his yelled words, tipping me into climax as it stripes the covers under us without me even having to stroke myself, convulsing on him as he fills me.
“Can you not see that she’s got herself all bloody made up to seduce you?” I say gritting my teeth, “Christ! It’s a wonder I got you in bed with as blind as you are sometimes.” I pull him down on the sofa next to me.
I chuckle and hook him under his arms, pulling him on top of me. “I’m sorry... I don’t need themed dirty talk... I just need you.” I give him a light kiss.
He grabs my hand and I squeeze back. I sigh and try to lighten the mood. “We never gave each other our gifts...”
I gather myself up and pull my pants and jeans back up. I smile crookedly to myself. Maybe that would make me feel less guilty about cutting drinks with Bill short, when he started to get a little too drunk. I look at my watch. 5:02. I still had a little time before I needed to get ready to meet Bill. I could do with a rest after that. I throw my legs up onto the couch laying back. I set the alarm on my watch for an hour and close my eyes.
"Mmmmm, yuP." My free hand is now attempting to pull the covers up, finding it tricky as we’re both laying on them with towels under us...oily and cum covered towels at that.
I chuckle and lean up to kiss him again. “Sherlock, I want you... inside me. I want to try.” I start kissing down his neck. “I want... I want to give myself to you.”
Bending down, I attempt to sweep John up and into my arms, rather impatient now I've had the idea, "Experiment."
Scowling at that I shake my head, "Not happening. I feel fine. Lets go?" kicking the sheets back I go to swing my legs off the bed.
My eyes narrow slightly, not out of anger or frustration but just thoughtfully, "You once had a fixed order. Meet someone. Date them. Move in. Marriage. Children."
I let out a long groan as he pushes into me. My hands dart up to grip his sides. The pressure is overwhelming and I squeeze my eyes shut.
oh god. Think Sherlock had some too? I'm going to get some bloods run. Hope Greg is ok. Keep me informed.
My head is thrown back slightly, giving John a broad expanse of white neck to lean into, before I tense, gasping, arching myself up and trembling as I give a stuttering of my hips, my climax overwhelming me, "J...J...."
Finishing the candles, the large fluffy towel is shaken out and draped over my side of the bed, patting it, "Move onto this. Face down. Arms folded under your head."
Despite my grumbles I'm do as I'm told, rolling into his arms and resting my head onto his shoulder, "When can we go home?"
I nod quickly. “Ok.” I roll us over so I’m on top now. I kiss him hard before starting on his shirt buttons, kissing his chest after undoing each one.
The pillow goes flying across the room as I sit up, my ears almost noticeably pricking up to try and listen.
Putting my still full plate to one side I attempt to slip out of the bed, "Tight clothes are comfortable. They allow me to move and don't catch fire easily. Unlike those hideous jumpers you wear."
I snort. “Thanks for the reminder. Maybe I’ll take a bath after we get up. That seemed to help you.”
I attempt to chuckle, it just coming out as a muffle little grunting sound that vibrates around his cock, before my lips slowly and sensually ripple upwards, making every single moment of sensation on his shaft tingle with tongue and cheeks sucking.
"That won't take all day." My nose scrunches at the bridge, "It will barely take an hour before they kick us out again. Cretins."
Swallowing, I bury my head in my arms and the pillow, my voice muffled and unable to make out my words, so soft and nervous of reception.
I glance at John as we pull up at traffic lights, both faces lit by red, before my hand tries to sneak over to his for a quick squeeze.
I can't help but hide my face into the curve of his neck and shoulder, hands clutching to his arms, "I've thought about myself in both positions."
“I... won’t be upset.” I’m not sure what else to stay. “Please don’t leave.” I beg clutching the sheet in front of me.
John's praise begins to ease my anxiety, leaning to rest my chin on the top of his hair, "Was so...?"
Even naked I still manage to look rather imperial and majestic, sailing my way to the bed and flopping into it, face down, across it instead of properly so my legs hang off the edge.
"More or less?" For all my research and for all the times John has done this for me, I'm still rather battling in the dark. John has a very different body to my own and I still hold a very real fear of hurting him and putting him off this act forever.
My arms slide around him, lifting him to cover my body, lips responding to his rather deperate, wet kisses, "I've never had anyone else in my life John. Why would I ever seek another person now I have found my conductor of light?"
I try to answer but it seems John has quite skillfully sucked all the breath from my vocal chords, resulting in a high pitched little gasp.
Shuffling up onto my elbows I nod, "Could you massage me? As I did you before I caused the explosion."
Molly rolls her eyes and hands him a wet plate. “I’m glad you two finally figured things out. I guess I should’ve seen it coming.”
I'm curled up a little, enjoying the warmth and the mild lighting, while still missing the comfort of 221B and the slight musk we left behind in John's old room.
His lips move along my jaw, making love to me even after we’ve finished. I let out a contented sigh. How was it possible to feel this loved? This taken care of? My breathing starts to get shaky just as I had gotten it under control.
“Oh... there it is.” I chuckle a bit. “Do you want to try another finger? I’ll be able to reach better with two.”
"No, it was just a little too sensative." I start to relax once more under his kisses and thrusts, "It was too much. Too sharp."
My shirt goes flying across the room to land atop a stack of papers, followed swiftly by my trousers and then John's, both of us now naked and entwined in the warm nest of pillows and blankets.
I fall to my knees in front of him. “It’s wonderful. I love it. That place is so special to us now.” I put my hand on his cheek.
Gasping John manages to yank the blankets out and send me rolling onto my back at the same time. I glare at the ceiling, "Your bedside manner isn't that good doctor Watson."
I start off down the corridor towards the outside world, hoping there was enough time for my brother to depart. I had to no wish run into the middle of his little domestic squabble once more, "I can't be angry. It's not like I haven't done the same to you enough times."
I take a deep breath, then balance the box on my palm, extending it towards him and opening the lid with the other, revealing a sturdy, gleaming dark titanium ring, burnished to a dark, oily finish, "John Hamish Watson.." I start again, lifting my chin bravely.
I smile not really reading the newspaper, thinking about our morning. “Not sure how much love I was expressing just then. But I meant it didn’t I?” Our sex life had only gotten the tiniest bit more colorful in the last few weeks but we hadn’t moved on to anything more serious than what we’d done at hotel in Sussex. Not that I was complaining, because everything was pretty amazing.
I chuckle and reach out to wrap my hand around his semi hard cock. “I want this to feel good for you too.” I quicken the pace of my thrusting just a bit. “God, you feel so good.”
I slip off the edge of the bed, grabbing a nearby chair and heaving it over before sitting on it, the perfect height now to inspect John's feet as they lay on the bed in front of me, "You have lovely neat little feet. Your toes actually look like toes."
I respond with an utterly puzzled look, "John, the pasta is ready. It will go all stodgy if we leave it."
Grunting, my stomach tightens slightly, reaching down to grab the base of my cock and pinching it to hold off my rather too quickly rising climax, "Slow...that's good."
I stand in the kitchen of 221B, my old brown lab coat on around my suit, googles over my eyes and measuring one test tube into another carefully.
I start to squirm as he gets me right in my most ticklish parts, snorting with unexpected laughter, "You're large where it counts but overall you're tiny. A paradox, like so much of you."
With a deep, throaty chuckle my hands slide down to cup his muscular rear before standing, lifting him with a small grunt of effort, "Bedroom?"
I give a firm nod and a smirk, "See. Your own moral compass. Or sorry, does the law include shooting cabbies through windows?" There's a strong note of teasing now in my tone.
I lounge back, enjoying the feel of John on my lap, trying to get him to wrap his arms around my neck, "Are you sure? Mycroft might know people..."
I frown and sigh. “Why don’t you want anyone to know... if we get married? Why does it have to be a secret?”
My eyes widen playfully even as I work, chosing three strips to use as the cut is small but his lip mobile enough to strain it, "My fault? I would like to know your reasoning behind that."
“Yes.” I sigh, “When he actually sleeps.” The nurse take his arm anyway, and puts the blood pressure cuff on his bicep. She puts the O2 monitor on his finger and starts the machine.
I grab my brand new bee hive, carrying it in besides John through the back door, keeping quiet so we don't wake Mrs. Hudson as she must be asleep by now, "Once we get comfortable we can exchange presents. I can't wait till you see mine." My eyes take on a luminous glow as we make our way upstairs.
At that I give a little huff of discontent, raising my head up to glare around at him, "Why did you stop?"
My fork travels to his place, trying to slide the bacon back into place, "Oh please. You're not fat John. You've a well developed muscular body that just tends to deposit fat at your stomach. And your bottom."
Sherlock zooms past me towards the front door. “Sherlock, here, I’m here.” I say gasping for breath.
My head rolls to one side, nodding. "Whatever you want my love. I really don't feel well." Oh look, a handy bin just in reach of my wobbly arms as my stomach starts to reject the morning's breakfast of Mycroft's leftovers and the tea.
I stir a bit as I feel Sherlock shift under me. I knew he probably hadn’t fallen back asleep. “Mmm. Morning.” I mumble, my eyes still closed.
Going back to undressing him I nod, trying to slide his shirt off his shoulders, my lips finding his scar to mouth at it tenderly, "They seem...very domestic. With Lestrade's daughter, who I'm sure has plans to move in soon enough."
“You know one of these days, I’m going to go days and days without saying it so you’ll say it first.” I say giving him one last kiss before sitting down in my chair.
Reaching the door, I attempt to work out a way to open it without removing my hands from the depths of the blanket, "It's 2am John. London cabbies have seen worse."
I rub my hand down my face, regretting it as soon as I do because of the combination of lube and sweat on it, before flopping down to sit between his legs, "My brain is always so slow after I orgasm. I meant it never stops feeling like this. So intense. So emotional. It will never grow boring. That's what I meant to say. Even when we just have 'sex', for fun, less for emotions, it doesn't feel boring at all."
“It’ll be fine. He was just worried. Don’t beat yourself up over it.” I lay on my side next to him and run my fingers down the center of his chest.
"Because you were tired?" Snapping my laptop shut I jump out of bed, leaving the dressing gown behind as I pad over towards the food trolley, "Because we don't have plans for today. Apart from checking on the building work. Will it be done today?"
"When do you order me around?" My snorting little laugh is muffled as I lean into John's hair which is still scented from our midnight bath.
My body sags in slight relief, burying my face into the crook of his neck once more and holding him tight, "That's. Fine. It's all fine. Have you ever performed anal penetration with women?"
Slipping it away I stand, holding out my hand again, "I'll make us tea. You can tell me all about how you came to be brawling with someone who is meant to be your friend." I pause, considering my words, "Well, I mean you brawl with me and I'm your friend but we're different."
“Yeah, you said that this morning.” I rub my hands over his back trying to warm him up. “Maybe you should sleep with clothes on.”
"Why of course?" I open one eye, regarding him before quickly closing it again, "I'm unsure if I could tell if you actually enjoyed it or not." I go on quickly before he can say anything, "I'm aware physically you did, yes, but your mental state during and now after is a mystery"
“I like dressing up for you.” I let him unzip my trousers, but then I move out of his reach letting his shirt fall open and starting on his belt and zip.
I'm almost skipping in glee as I enter the morgue, beaming and looking around for Molly. There's an air of almost innocent excitement about me and I seem to have quite forgotten the awkward incident at dinner.
Munching another bite I poke my head up slightly, giving an impish smirk, "He's bisexual. He may try and start setting you up with his male friends also once he knows you share his orientation."
Nodding, I close my eyes at last, "You may have to remind me as just saying your name allows my feelings to escape."
I smile and chuckle a bit. “What ever you say. I’ll let you rub me down anytime you think is necessary.”
My confused stare continues, tapping the phone on the bed, "How can you enjoy something too...." suddenly my lips form into a perfect O and my eyes widen, "Oh!"
Molly drops her wooden spoon with a clatter, obviously hearing my words, staring at us with wide eyes and a red face as she starts to stammer out something.
“Are you going to ride me just like this?” I brush my hands down over his hips and down his thighs, laying back to watch him again.
I struggle a little, sliding my arm back into the freed coat as he concentrates on the other arm, ending up just as dressed as I was in the first place, "You'll get cold. Your shoulder will hurt."
I look confused for a moment, "Record?" Then my face clears, "Ohhh record. I'm not sure any of us have one of those."
Flopping back down on the bed I shake my head, then regret it, determined not to show John he's correct about my pounding head though, "I've had far worse. You're a doctor. You can observe me."
Nodding I revel in the sensations for a few moments, thrusting a little with my hips before my hand sneaks out towards his bedside drawers, opening the top one.
"Of course I love you," I snap back, hands curling into fists as my sides as I start to fly around the room, grabbing clothes and beginning to dress, "But it isn't enough, is it? There's an imbalance which I'll struggle to fill."
My eyes flutter a little, then I shuffle back on the bed, patting besides me, "I'm not quite laid out naked but will you sleep next to me?"
Pulling on my trousers I check my phone, nodding, "Molly says she's looking forwards to dinner with me" with a shall shrug I drop it in my pocket, "I hope she's a good cook."
“What kind of effect?” I push the rest of the way into him with a grunt and reach around to wrap my fingers around his half hard cock. “Oh, this one?” I give him a lazy jerk.
My finger traces little patterns on John's chest now, my voice a low, relaxed murmur as the lights dim in our room, automatically turning down without movement to activate them, "So you're saying all your fantasies have been fulfilled? I find that difficult to believe"
"You're a doctor. You should know these things." I fall silent, curled under the blankets, before murmuring, "Does Lestrade blame me, like Mycroft does?"
"I don't see what about John." I whisper back rather forcefully, clinging to his hand and arm as Molly starts to serve.
It's late evening as I pound back up Baker street, one hand in my pocket clutching my prize. I glance up at the windows as I arrive at our front door, trying to see if John is awake or not.
Taking the package I go to shake it, then tilt my head, "No, I won't try and deduce it before I open it."
The bed shifts and I can feel Sherlock cuddle up next to me. He smells like the hospital. “How’s Greg?” I ask sleepily.
"I thought you wanted this?" My jaw drops slighly, growing confused once more. "To be first to marry?"
“Yeah. I want to try that.” I lean down and bury my face next to the base of his cock before licking a stripe all the way up the underside.
"Same." My lips trace over his jaw as I remain resting lightly on top of him, most of my weight on my elbows. I start to play with our clasped fingers, squeezing, "That was the second most intense thing I have ever done."
I look mortified, trying to grip onto both of his arms and tug him towards the front door. I can't even speak now, not knowing what to say, never having remotely been in this situation or ever imagined myself to be in it.
I eye the envelope, then place the bee hive and my other gifts to one side, before going to stroke the fire to warm the slightly chilly room.
"Tell me." My voice is soft but the words firm. I have no fear of his answer, just a burning need to know, to keep him with me, to have him happy and believing in me.
Now the pout starts developing on my lips, gazing down at my commanding captain, eyes narrowing, "Did you see Lestrade before we left?"
The zip makes a soft rippling sound as it's pulled down, my nose and lips entering the gap it's left, "Red pants John? How daring..."
At his words I run a very quick systems check over my transport, realising that actually I was still quite sore and aching there. John was so smart in some areas it seems, "You're right. Let’s just do this?" I mark my words with a firm, sensual grind of my hips onto his.
I sigh deeply into his shoulder, trying to catch my breath. I leave a few kisses there before pulling up to look at him. Putting my hand on his cheek, I kiss him softly.
I see Sherlock trying to escape, but I grab the handles of the chair and drag him back. The nurse guides us to a room and I start helping Sherlock out of his clothes.
Sparing him a quick glare I roll my eyes, "I gave you oral sex around an hour ago. You can't possibly be ready for it again for at least another four hours." I pause before adding cheekily, "Old man."
“That’s why I didn’t want to talk about this.. I didn’t want to upset you. The whole thing was utter shite.” I sit up a bit too forcefully and my head starts pounding again.
"Do you still...doubt my feelings?" My hand starts to stroke up and down his back softly, clean of lube now and with a slight layer of my expensive hand cream easing it's path.
Molly's eyes are fixed to my neck as I begin to move around the lab, reaching to slide off my coat to loop it over the back of a chair. Even more of the marks are revealed, growing larger towards the curve of my collar bone as it flashes from the neck of my black shirt.
“Mmm. Good... me too... any time, any place... to give or receive...” I plant one last kiss on his lips before snuggling into his neck.
“And then I told him to fuck off and he called me a wanker and hit me.” I say with a nod, hoping that that was a suitable conclusion.
Gasping, my mind starts to clear, my transport taking over with it's demands, letting me know about how stretched I feel, the hint of pain from the burn, John's words echoing around my mind palace, "Yes...you know what your praise does to me. It always has had an effect."
Hunching up a little, I wrap my arms around my skinny knees, huddling under the blankets and feeling rather emotional for some reason, not having a clue how to deal with everything and becoming overwhelmed, "You were so perfect, as you always are in sexual matters. I'm just a mess."
I let out an exasperated sigh, covering my face with my hands. “Greg was trying to say that Mycroft was the be all- end all to the man you are now... that I had no part in it.” I look up at him. “It pissed me off. But I shouldn’t try to take credit for it either. You are your own person.”
Blinking I lift my head, considering it for a moment then smirking, nodding, "I suppose you can also point out the unrealistic bits." before sinking my whole mouth down onto John, lips pulled wide as my cheeks puff out a little in effort before suctioning back in, holding his gaze all the while.
“Every 4 to 6 hours.” I set the bottle and glass on the bed side table and climb up next to him again.
“No, they didn’t. They glued some of them. I wouldn’t have let them cut your hair.” I brush my fingers through it gently. With the sutures I’d be a while before I could properly tug on it the way he liked.
Tracing my fingers over his shirt buttons they start to undo themselves as if by magic, one by one, hardly a flick of my long digits to help them on their way to baring his broad chest, "I believe you have indicated quite often how selfish I am. It would be hard to beat me."
I chuckle at him. I grab his chin and turn his face up towards me, kissing his lips upside down. “I’ll be back after a while.”
My breaths start coming out in a low whine. “You’re never going to make me come if you’re just holding it there.” I squirm underneath him.
The next part is in Chapter one of 221Boom: http://archiveofourown.org/works/13132902/chapters/30041424
I pull all the way out and push back in with three fingers. I have to push harder this time. I let out a whimper as I watch my fingers disappear inside him.
“God, I want you.” I pull off my pants and kneel between his legs. I find the lube in the blankets and pour a generous amount into my hand. I work my hand over myself, slicking up my cock.
Grinning down at him now I wink, "I may have missed that section in the law which allows the shooting of horrible cabbies then."
Sliding my arms fowards a little, I adjust my knees, pulling them together and pushing my rear upwards to give the best possible, tight and deep channel for John to thrust into, panting my words, "Harder. Make me forget everyone in the world but you John Hamish Watson."
I let him pull my jumper over my head. “I don’t know...it’s just... now you’ll think I’m a selfish git...” I sigh, my shoulders sagging a bit.
I roll my eyes. “Didn’t you just say that you were sure of the way I felt? I’ll do anything to keep you. Marry you, not marry you. Anything. I love you.” I glance down at his lips, running my thumb over his bottom lip before looking back up into his eyes.
“Um I guess I don’t know. I just like to be comfortable. Especially after wearing a uniform in the army for so long.”
I shift a little, reajusting the pillow and spreading my legs more, peering down my own body to watch John in the dim light of the room, "This is it, isn't it? What if..you don't like it?"
I finish washing my hands and walk back into the kitchen to see Molly kissing a very perplexed Sherlock. “Oh, alright then.” I step out of the kitchen, a little shocked but then I start to laugh.
I feel immediately relieved. “That was more emotional than I’ve ever felt. I’ve never felt so loved...” I glance up at him and then down at my hand where I was pulling on a loose string on the sheet.
