. We’re never going to be free of them, Nat, even Steve knows that although he doesn’t want to admit it; but don’t let them take away this chance to celebrate what we still have.’
‘And Steve and Bucky are downstairs sparring trying to take out their frustration over Ross on each other,’ she finishes. ‘Tony did you actually get any sleep last night?’
‘The best we can do in the circumstances for now,’ T’Challa agrees. ‘We’re lucky Ororo has so readily agreed to take one of the stones.’
He watches Bucky’s expression as he struggles to come up with an answer he knows Steve isn’t going to call out. Finally he sighs. ‘I don’t know, Stevie, and that’s the god’s honest truth. I just…’
‘Today,’ one of the other lawyers answers as they join the group, ‘is going to be a reading of all the charges and opening arguments from both sides.’
‘Bucky and I are sat in the opposite block of chairs,’ Steve says, ‘right at the back of the auditorium.’
They pull apart enough for Steve to look into Tony’s eyes and see everything he is feeling reflected back at him. ‘I don’t know,’ the genius admits. ‘I don’t know
‘Yeah you saved one of the best till last. That’s Tony. Tony is…there’s not really words to describe how wonderful Tony is, Rosie. He’s made me his heir you know? He’s given me absolutely everything, even when I don’t deserve it, and he treats me like a son. I…he’s the father I always wanted, Princess; I didn’t know my parents like you will, I only really knew your Mom and my Uncle Ben as parents and they were amazing, you’re so lucky you get such a wonderful Mommy. Tony…Tony just manages to fill this space I didn’t even realise was
‘We’ll move them,’ Steve’s voice is strained. ‘And we’ll get Scott and Hope over here too. Perhaps their abilities can help when we do track down where they’re keeping Bucky and Wanda.’
‘Bruce Hulked out from the shock of the blast,’ Sam coughs as he comes to stand with them. ‘He’s not going to be controlled is he?’
‘So,’ Sam’s voice breaks across the conversations, ‘anyone have any Christmas traditions we should make sure we do?’
‘Well that fucker isn’t going to miss the opportunity to take some pot shots at me right? I’ll go distract him, draw their fire away from you guys and their attention from that truck. Widow can sneak round, hop into the driver’s seat and you two bust out of here before they realise what’s happened.’
‘We’re friends aren’t we? That’s what you do for your friends.’ Deadpool is silent for a couple of minutes, and it starts to worry him. ‘Deadpool?’
He sees Thor frown at him, then stretches out his hand and does as he’s told. Loki will never admit how much he has missed the sound of that hammer flying through the air. Nor how much the look of surprise and gratitude and disbelief on his brother’s face when the hammer returns to his hand means to him.
She presses a kiss to the top of his head. ‘Yeah. Yeah I’m fine, Baby Spider. We should probably head back though, it’s nearly eight.’
He hears a sniffle at the other end of the phone, then Peter’s slightly slurry voice comes over. ‘I don’t know what to do.’
‘Yeah,’ he croaks out, looking straight into Bucky’s eyes. ‘Thank you. For what you did for Steve, for what you do for the team. But most of all,’ he feels the tears travel down his cheeks as Bucky’s fist that is raised ready to knock him out, lowers a little, the fist not quite as tightly formed as he repeats words from the presentation he did months before, ‘thanks for accepting me, an awkward, nerdy kid from Queens, and for being my friend.’ He swallows. ‘I’m sorry I failed, but I’ll never stop trying.’ He looks over and catches Wanda’s eye. ‘I promise.’
Valkyrie looks at Loki with a raised eyebrow. ‘Was it always this entertaining preparing for the feast on Asgard?’
They land on the rooftop after a silent flight and Peter stumbles away from Tony, pulling his mask off.
‘What the fuck are you doing kid?’ the one with glasses asks when he catches sight of him. ‘Are you even old enough to be in here?’
‘It also means not all of the information is stored in one place,’ Nick adds, ‘even though it could be accessed from every base, if one is compromised its ability to access information stored in the others is automatically shut down.’
‘Sorry. But seriously, please try and get me an invite to the facility. I will worship the ground you walk on.’
‘I may have known Steve since we were kids, Tony,’ Bucky murmurs into his hair, ‘but if I have to protect you from him I will.’
‘Yeah I think I sobered up about five minutes ago but I was just making sure. I better get in, Steve’s right it is pretty cold out here. Sorry I woke you up. See you Christmas Eve. Goodnight.’
‘Can we…can we head outside for a minute?’ Clint gestures to the balcony and Loki nods, following the archer.
‘To use the extra horse power to get some of this shit moved so I can help get them out. How do I even use this thing?’
‘You’re a good kid, Peter,’ is all the reply he gets as Matt opens the door to his office. ‘I’ll let you know when I’ve got some information for you.’
‘Or maybe he only just found out about him,’ another woman says, ‘and now he’s trying to make up for lost time?’
‘I never thought I’d see the day I was glad Wade Wilson was allowed to run his mouth,’ Fury’s tired voice comes from the doorway.
‘We are hoping,’ Rumlow cuts in with a warning glare at Steve and Bucky, ‘that soon Barnes will be able to show just how useful the arm can be in active duty.’
‘Tony was the one to champion the Accords in the first place,’ he explains, ‘and to hell with what we thought. And now he’s the one changing them; finding compromises. Tony Stark doesn’t compromise, he goes in all guns blazing then tries and fixes things afterwards. Ultron is the perfect example.
‘That would be a matter for the local police force surely?’ Vision asks as he appears through the wall.
‘Rhodey! Got you a suit coming in a few minutes. Think you’ll be alright till then?’ he yells across the café.
‘Shall we go meet our visitors?’ Tony suggests, leading the way with Peter only a step or two behind ready to support him if he gets tired. He doesn’t like to admit how quickly he still tires out, or how quickly he can become breathless; and what he’d said earlier is true, most of the others tend to fuss when he does, Peter and Natasha are the two that are there to give him a shoulder to lean on and then let him go back to standing on his own when he’s alright again. He can’t begin to explain how much that means to him.
‘You say this,’ Steve’s grin is wicked and Tony is tested to his limit not to reach in and kiss those lips, ‘yet you’re still trying to get my clothes off.’
‘Don’t sound too enthusiastic or I might think you have doubts,’ Loki smirks. ‘I can check to see if there are any lingering effects from your torture that may make you more susceptible to mind control, but I am afraid to do so I am going to have to look through some painful memories. Are you prepared for me to do that?’
‘Yeah well thankfully yet again the world is not ending when I call you. Anyway surely you’d notice if the world was ending?’
‘I know but I don’t want Mr Stark to have to deal with a scene if loads of people spot him,’ he mumbles, slamming his locker shut, slinging his weekend bag over one shoulder and trying not to tap his foot waiting for Ned to finish. ‘Plus he told me not to make him wait.’
Natasha looks over at Peter, who’s been staying very quiet. ‘You seen him around on your patrols kid?’ He opens and closes his mouth a couple of times, a small frown on his face as if he’s trying to work out what to say. ‘Because you are being very quiet for someone who should have only just found out that there’s a dangerous mercenary running around his city.’
Peter just laughs. ‘Good to see you guys too. And I’ll be honest, some normal would be nice right about now. We only just finished repairing the facility after all the stuff that happened over summer and I think everyone is ready for a break.’
She’s too busy trying to stay ahead of Hulk, though, to answer him, as she steers him back towards the demolished obstacle course. ‘You’re too slow!’ she teases him.
‘Plus I’ve left instructions with Pepper that if anything needs my signature with SI then you can give FRIDAY permission to add it to any files. You’re basically my stand in while we’re away,’ Tony adds.
‘There’s been plenty of talking going on,’ she replies, raising an eyebrow, ‘and I’m pretty sure we’ve both been involved.’
‘Stupid Steve,’ Tony mutters, leaning back and closing his eyes. He opens one and looks curiously at Natasha when he hears her sniggering. ‘He’s standing right behind me isn’t he?’
‘We got enhanced weaponry here, guys,’ Tony’s voice comes through the speakers. ‘Nat, Wanda keep an eye out. Steve, try not to lose your shield this time.’
‘You’re unnaturally quiet, kid,’ Tony comments as they weave through the New York rush hour traffic, heading towards the outskirts. ‘What’s up?’
Sam shakes his head. ‘No, my parents are both dead, and I don’t really see eye to eye with my brother. I’ll be here as well.’
‘First,’ Wanda says, with a slight smile, ‘we wait for Peter to get here and then we send him up to the storage to find all the decorations.’
He knows he owes the fact he’s been able to follow Wanda unnoticed thanks to the girl herself. It was something they’d experimented on together with Vision before Thanos had arrived, and obviously whatever had gotten hold of her mind had made her forget. Wanda had placed a spell on his Iron Spider suit, working her power into the nanites which meant he was protected from her mind reading abilities and, they hoped, from others with similar abilities.
A/N: Hey everyone! So the whole team is back now and is going to be introduced to Peter in the next chapter. Hope you're enjoying the story; we're now moving properly into the second stage of the story. I've planned about three stages, and just under 40 chapters for this fic. I've already written 20 chapters, so in case I have a busy week there'll always be an update ready.
‘Of all the arrogant, egotistical people I have the misfortune to know, Tony Stark, you are by far the worst!’ the doctor thunders. ‘Just what gives you the right to pull me away when I’m about to go into surgery?’
That little voice pipes up again as he heads out of his door, following the smell of dinner and deciding the voice doesn’t need an answer.
‘I’m fine,’ he protests, he’s not sure if he actually sounds a bit slurred or if it’s just the pounding in his head.
‘You are a bad man Tony Stark,’ Rhodes says, following the other three and leaving Tony grinning against the railing.
loves you. And as far as he’s concerned, the world can crash and burn as long as you are safe and you are happy. I also think that if he didn’t really love and respect you he wouldn’t be waiting for you to turn eighteen to sleep with you. I don’t think he’s doing it just because of the team either, I think he’d do it regardless of if we were around or not.’
Loki knows he shouldn’t be, but part of him is enjoying this fight. It’s been a long time since he had a fight with someone where they
There is one thing about the training room that Tony does love though: the opportunity to stare at a sweaty Steve Rogers.
‘Hey,’ he’s finally reached her and he takes her shaking hand in his, holding it between his flesh and metal hand, ‘don’t start panicking yet, Wanda. It could just be a side effect from the knockout gas. Maybe it just needs a little more time to get out your system before you can use it again?’
‘Seriously. Both of you? Absolutely hilarious. Do me a favour and quit the team and take up comedy.’
‘You only lose control when trigger words are used,’ Vision counters. ‘And it is very unlikely anyone here would know them. Even if they did they wouldn’t be confident enough to control you should anything go wrong. In addition FRIDAY knows everything that happens on the facility, so if you should run into any difficulties she will notify one of us.’
‘Yo losers,’ MJ joins them as they head to their lockers. ‘You guys up to much tomorrow? There’s a new film out I want to go and see.’
It’s surprising how quickly he’s become accustomed to the new coolness, in a way it’s comforting, as if he’s been coping with the temperature too high for his whole life without even knowing it could be cooled down. He sighs, resisting the urge to bury into the covers, knowing there is a lot that needs to be accomplished today, and opens his eyes, blinking in the morning light.
‘I had to carry it all from the car,’ Peter grumbles above her, ‘trust me, you did.’ Sam laughs where he’s in the attic with the teenager.
Fifteen minutes later Peter is knocking on Wanda’s door, his carefully crafted masterpiece on a plate he is holding with one hand.
‘Oh I have plenty of concerns after today,’ Tony says as he stands up. ‘But I believe they are all with Ross, and I’ll take them up with him and the President.’ He gestures for Steve to stand up. ‘As for this Council I hope we can continue to work in a mutually beneficial arrangement as we have these past months.’
When he looks back up Wanda is grinning like the cat that got the cream. ‘Ok Happy I’m closing the screen,’ she says, reaching over and ignoring the man’s protests.
‘We were discussing plans for Christmas,’ Bucky explains, ‘I’m guessing you and Steve’ll be running off to some remote cabin you’ve got somewhere?’ he says with a shit eating grin.
‘Because we’ve just finished Clueless and Wanda doesn’t want to start Bring It On until we’ve got ice cream,’ he replies as if it’s the most obvious thing in the world.
‘Flash,’ Betty rolls her eyes, ‘rich idiot kid of the class who apparently has a weird fixation on Peter.’
‘Oh you’re not much use to us dead, Anthony,’ Hammer explains, waving for the guards to drag Tony to his feet. ‘You’re much more use to us as a bargaining chip. Here’s the thing: that reactor in your chest? Not actually yours. It’s one left over from when my friend Ivan was here.’
‘Jotuns!’ Loki roars. ‘On me!’ He moves forwards, his army moving to his rally cry as they form a living wall. ‘We need to create a barrier and slow those machines down. Combine your strength!’
‘Right yeah, no apologising,’ Peter mumbles, looking down at his scraped hands that are already beginning to heal.
‘Fine.’ They say in unison and they go to join the other two on the chairs, Wade pulling Peter to his side as soon as they are sat down and the teenager can’t help but melt into him. Wade might drive him insane with his over-protectiveness, but he’s never tried to stop Peter from being Spider-Man.
Steve takes a breath and nods, so Tony lets the soldier lead. He has to admit it’s a strange feeling not being in control of a dance, but Steve isn’t actually that bad.
‘The hell I can’t,’ the other voice responds, and Bucky gets his answer when the door to his room is opened and there’s Doctor Blake standing the doorway with none other than-
‘You could stay longer you know. I know Peter and Wanda would miss you, so would Tony, not to mention your brother. You can’t keep wandering forever.’
that’s not who you are. Seems to me you just need to remember that yourself.’ Then he gives him a grin. ‘But you’re so grounded for not knowing AC/DC.’
‘Thor I swear to the Allfathers if you don’t get out of here and get your ass to the meeting with the rest of the team I will personally make sure you cannot find any kegs of any drinks for a whole year!’
‘Two more weeks, that’s all I’m asking,’ Tony says facing the Council, representatives from different countries all looking at him with raised eyebrows. ‘We are so close to being able to give him a clean bill of health. Two more weeks and I guarantee you can add the Winter Soldier to the Avengers roster.’
Loki blinks away his thoughts and nods with a smile. Once he sees Tony’s shoulders relax he darts forwards, gently cupping the inventor’s face in one hand and presses his lips to Tony’s as the inventor opens them on a gasp of surprise. He tries to hide the satisfied smile when he feels Tony’s hands clutch the front of his shirt, and the small pleased noise he makes before he pulls away.
A loud bang echoes through the room, and suddenly the gun and fingers against the back of his head are gone. Another loud bang and he hears a thump behind him.
‘Pete you’ve done this a couple of times why don’t you do the demonstration with me seeing as Bucky is being mean?’ Steve asks, a smile in his direction.
Steve raises an eyebrow. ‘I seriously hope you up your stroll game when you try and charm your way into someone’s pants.’
Loki turns away back to the window, trying to bite back the words he wants to hurl out to protect himself. Gritting his teeth he merely says, ‘Don’t pretend with me, Stark.’
‘It was all over the news that the amazing Spiderman helped the Avengers with a hostage situation,’ Deadpool shrugs, then he grins again. ‘I’m right aren’t I?’ Peter curses himself and turns to leave again. ‘It’s obviously bothering you, Spidey. What happened?’
‘Well,’ he sits down and starts fiddling nervously with the duvet, ‘it’s kind of embarrassing, and I’d appreciate it if you didn’t mention it anyone…’
‘You’ll be fine for the demonstration,’ he reassures him, but Peter can see the smile slip a little and has a bad feeling Steve hasn’t realised
For Steve the training room has always been a safe space. It was the one thing that hadn’t changed all that much since before the ice, it still made sense and it was the one place he could go to sort through everything in his head.
‘Tell him not to bother I’ll go to the Sanctum and see Strange, let everyone else worry about the other guests that will be arriving.’
‘Are you telling me, all the years you’ve spent around us, and you don’t know what Christmas is?’ Tony demands.
‘Thank you, brother,’ Thor smiles at him and gently unwraps the box. When he opens it, Loki sees his eyes fill with tears. ‘Loki, is this...?’
He looks over to see Natasha helping Nebula to tie her skates. ‘Are you sure it is not difficult to balance on these? They seem to be designed to be difficult to walk on.’
Just how long did they have until Thanos arrived? Thor and Valkyrie had thought perhaps two weeks, maybe longer if they were lucky.
‘The place is ready to blow as soon as you give the order,’ she can hear Wade’s smirk down the comms.
at school. I’ve got all these powers, these abilities, and I just let those things happen to my friend when I should be
Loki briefly explains what they are going to be doing and then everyone splits into groups to get started. ‘And no cheating with powers!’ Peter calls, looking pointedly at Wanda who sticks her tongue out at him.
‘Good enough. Now let’s go join the part- Peter Benjamin Parker how many do I have to tell you: no eating on the ceiling!’
‘How’d you get your powers? I mean not that you can’t be born with them, but you know, people generally aren’t. I got bitten by a radioactive spider, but I doubt that was what happened to you. Unless it was a paper cut or something from a magic book or-’
‘Ok,’ all the usual jovialness is gone from Tony’s face now, his patience has run out. ‘If this is just going to turn into you all wanting to attack individual members of the team then this press conference is at an end.’ He starts to walk away from the podium.
‘One more step and I’ll put a bullet through his brain,’ a voice Peter doesn’t recognise says. He tries to turn his head to take a look but the gun presses harder into his head. ‘Don’t even think about it. Hands on your head, Spider-Man. You even think about webbing anything and I’ll blow a hole in your skull.’
He’s pulled from his thoughts as Thor stands up and addresses the gathered crowd, Clint makes his way to stand next to him as they listen to the thunder god. ‘Greetings, friends. Today is the day we remember and honour the memory of those that we have lost. As it has been so long since we have gathered in this way we have many more to remember than usual. We have nominated representatives from different places to say the names of the fallen, I shall begin with the noble dead of Asgard.’
‘Of course, yours is slightly less caffeinated so as to not cause any adverse reactions with the serum in your body. Agent Natasha’s is a blend that is flown in from Budapest, it is one she and Agent Clint grew very fond of during a mission there.’
The Cloak does its version of a nod and gestures for him to follow. It leads him up another staircase and along a corridor, before taking him off to the right and through a door into a sight that makes his jaw fall open and him stop in his tracks.
‘Start it at New Year,’ Natasha suggests with a glint in her eyes. ‘I’d love to see Fury get drunk.’
. It was terminal and Vanessa and I had tried everything. Spent our savings going around the world, but nothing worked. Then someone approached me, here in this bar actually, and offered me a way out; I left Vanessa before she could talk me out of it and went to sign up, hoping I could go back to her when it was all done.’
There’s a pounding in his head that is similar to the beat on one of Tony’s tracks that usually plays in the workshop.
Tony raises an eyebrow. ‘I thought he was your Captain? Aren’t you supposed to be polite about him?’
Tony lets out a bark of laughter, quickly sobering up at the hurt look on Steve’s face. ‘Sorry that just wasn’t what I was expecting. What do you mean you can’t dance? You grew up before the war, there were loads of dances on then, right?’
‘Oh no,’ he counters, ‘no, no, no. Last time I got dragged into inventing something Ultron happened.’
By the end of the morning Bucky is proud of the progress Peter’s made; the teen is now a lot more confident in using his strength to his advantage during a fight, rather than relying on his manoeuvrability alone and he seems to be developing much more of his own fighting style rather than just repeating what he’d been taught.
‘Mr Stark, calm down,’ the Chinese representative cuts in, then turns to Ross. ‘Secretary Ross does not speak for the rest of us, he is merely expressing his own opinions. As for the agreement, it still stands as it was signed by every member here and agreed by the President. You must also understand that, when you come to us with a black eye, we have reason to question whether James Barnes really is going to be healed in the time you say.’
. I don’t even care if you get Weasel to let me know from now on. I just…I thought HYDRA had got you and I couldn’t have lived with myself if-’
Peter just nods and goes to his room, closing the door behind him while Tony explains to May Parker just what happened.
Loki grins and turns to face the speaker from where he’s leaning against the balcony rail looking out over the grounds of the facility. ‘Don’t you think if I were hiding from Thor I would have chosen somewhere he couldn’t go? Such as the labs?’
‘Wouldn’t be so foggy if you didn’t have so much alcohol in there,’ Loki grumbles and scowls at his brother. ‘I am
Bucky had been wary of the training room when he first got persuaded to do a ‘proper’ training session, he couldn’t help the memories of his time as HYDRA’s fist pushing to the forefront and, despite his clean bill of mental health (well as far as brain washing was concerned), he was still worried he was going to lose control and hurt someone.
‘Pete, why don’t you stop flirting with Wade and get the doc a hot chocolate? He looks like he needs it,’ Tony says. The teen scrambles to do what he suggests, and then takes a seat next to Strange and brings him into a discussion about the Yule preparations, obviously trying to distract him from the pain he’s feeling.
The blond rolls his eyes. ‘If they are warriors I want to be able to stop them before they crush you. If Thor is anything to go by Asgardians aren’t brilliant at controlling their strength around us mere mortals.’
‘Bucky I need to go with Tony to speak to the Council, can you take Pete down to the training room? I was supposed to spend the morning with him.’
‘Please tell me there’s something more interesting happening soon,’ Clint mutters to him, ‘as much as I appreciate needing to remember and thank those that we lost, I genuinely can’t listen to another name today. We’ve been here for over two hours.’
Tony feels like he went to sleep on Boxing Day and woke up on New Year’s Eve. That’s the only explanation he can find as to how the time has gone by so quickly.
‘Hey Spidey,’ the merc seems a bit subdued tonight as he takes a seat next to the superhero. ‘Tough patrol?’
‘Tony Stark!’ the leader shouts, his voice making Peter’s ears ring. ‘I’ve got something that apparently belongs to you! Why don’t we have a little chat?’ He presses the gun into the back of Peter’s head and hisses into his ear. ‘You keep your hands on your head, do
‘Hey,’ her small hand stops him and turns him around, ‘one thing at a time, Tony. First things first we get rid of Ross; HYDRA will always be a thorn in our side it seems.’
He’s telling them about finding out at the function that Obi had been dealing under the table, sending Pepper to get the information for him, and waiting for her to get back.
‘I can’t tell you about the future, Peter,’ Tony answers him, ‘I can’t tell you what’s going to happen in your relationship years down the line. What I can tell you is I know that man loves you.
Wade looks away and doesn’t answer. Every cell in his body is screaming to say yes and go to spend Christmas with his Baby Boy. But his head is telling him to say ‘no’.
He frowns when he sees it’s an unknown number and turns, taking a few steps back from the soldier to give himself some space. When he opens it his blood runs cold. There’s a picture of Peter, taken through a school window, sat at his desk looking up at the teacher, a pencil in his hand as he takes notes. Underneath is a short message:
‘Alright let me wriggle back then I can get you mostly out.’ As he starts to move back there’s a horrible vibration through the building and the debris above them starts to groan.
Please do let me know what you think of this chapter as always. I like hearing what people think works and what doesn't as it quite often changes what I do in future chapters and stories.
‘He’s got a lot of past he feels he needs to wipe away,’ Tony sighs, ‘and it’s not just part of the team, he wants to prove he’s good enough for Pete too.’
‘Of course,’ August replies. ‘Shall I go and organise some hot drinks and food for you while you work?’
‘It’s about spending time with family and friends,’ Wanda cuts in, frowning a little at the raccoon, ‘and making memories with them. Catching up with people you haven’t seen in a while.’
Anyway I'm going to stop giving you all my dissection of Tony's character and just ask that you let me know how you think this is going. If there's anything you think I need to change or that is working well.
‘Ah there you are,’ Mr Stark says as he catches sight of Peter. ‘Thought I was going to have to get Bucky to come and flush you out.’
A pained sound from the body in his arms makes him freeze as he turns to the door and look down. ‘Steve?’ the cracked whisper is barely audible, but dark eyes open slightly to look at him.
Natasha shrugs. ‘I felt like going for a run anyway, at least this way they think they convinced me to do something and it makes them feel better about themselves.’
Tony taps his arc reactor, letting the nanites spread around his body until he’s encased in his armour. ‘Come here, soldier, I guess that means no coffee’ he says, just as the helmet snaps into place. He puts an arm around Steve’s waist as the soldier steps onto his boot and they take off, heading directly for the Sanctum.
Loki laughs. ‘You shall have to discover the answer to that yourself. Now are you sure you are willing for me to help you?’
But Bucky’s all-time favourite experience in the training room came one morning when Natasha entered the kitchen as he was helping himself to a mug of coffee.
Tony raises a hand, cutting him off. ‘Save it kid. You alright to help or do I need to send you to the jet to keep an eye on our friend here?’
Wanda glances at Strange, hoping for some idea as to what she’s talking about; but she’s too tired that she can’t read his mind. The look on his face doesn’t fill her with confidence. If she had to guess, she’d say he was scared.
‘I must have forgotten when they wiped me later on. Loki thinks the memories are coming back because my mind’s been healing more. There’s probably loads more I’m going to remember in the future, but…recently I’ve been remembering meeting you. For the first time.’
‘What’s your plan, Pete?’ Steve asks, and he just has time to feel the building warmth in his chest at the trust the super soldier is showing in his planning abilities when the platform makes an unexpected lurch and he goes sliding off the side, just barely managing to grip the edge with his fingers. ‘Pete!’
He does and they manage to make it to see the Council with five minutes to spare. ‘Tony? What should we expect when we go in?’ he asks the shorter man beside him.
‘Right,’ Peter closes his eyes and conjures up the memory of facing Venom with Loki and Tony; deciding that facing his fear of the Symbiote was the one memory that was not going to invoke a panic attack. He feels another presence with him, almost like a ghost, as the memory plays out on the back of his eyelids like a movie. ‘What the-’
‘And then we’ve got an activity for you to see how much you took in, and how well you can think on your feet,’ Natasha finishes.
‘Yeah well I didn’t know about Loki being an ice princess before I gave that name to Bucky, so unfortunately Bucky is Elsa.’
‘Um…not wanting to interrupt or anything, but how many trees exactly do we need to take back with us?’ Quill interrupts the already familiar argument.
‘He’s got a bit of a headache but he’s conscious,’ Natasha responds, just as the man himself walks in with Rhodey at his side.
‘If you do speak to Wong and he can organise a portal for you to save time,’ Strange turns to Sam. The other man simply nods in thanks. ‘I take it that means you and Peter are accompanying me?’
The bus comes to a stop at the security gates at the edge of the compound and Peter has to admit it does look pretty impressive. The structure is completely rebuilt, no marks left from when Wanda had brought down half of the building whilst under HYDRA’s influence, and in the far distance you can see groups of soldiers running through drills.
‘We have blood to spare,’ she replies, gesturing behind her at the army massing at the tree line, then turns and walks back towards them.
Peter looks around the guests, his Stark Industries badge attached to the pocket of his jacket letting people know he can be approached for help. So far he’s only had to show people where the bathroom is and hunt down some drinks for a particularly obnoxious guy that Natasha had been dancing with earlier.
Oh and Tony’s been avoiding him tonight like he has been the majority of the week, so no emotional support there.
There is now, however, a reason for him to rethink this prior assessment. With Loki now recovered enough to not injure himself should he attempt to do any form of exercise, he has sought out Vision for some assistance.
‘Strangely enough yes I do mind you taking a look around my business premises when you have no reason to,’ Weasel says, ‘and when you’re in the merc business you tend to get twitchy when people turn up out of the blue asking questions.’
Wade’s reply is cut off by the door opening to reveal a frowning Wanda. ‘Peter if you’re back here doing things you
‘Yes,’ he replies, before signalling for the man to be quiet as he listens to their conversation. ‘Sounds like they just did a drug deal and they’re about to head back to their base. You fancy giving me a hand Mr. I-Want-To-Turn-Over-A-New-Leaf?’
‘They always used to tell ghost stories at Christmas,’ the man points out, giggling as Peter takes a swipe at him.
‘You can’t tell me you didn’t enjoy the sass just then,’ Wade grins, and Tony can’t help the answering tug at the corner of his mouth.
‘It used to be in my chest. For a long time was the only thing stopping shrapnel from entering my heart. It used to contain palladium until Dad gave me a hand from beyond the grave and we made a new element.’
‘-can you stop interrupting me to ask questions about unimportant parts of this story please? Anyway as I was saying I was trying to jump back to the present and something went wrong. Instead of ending up back in the present in the flat I shared with Cable and the others, I was in a flat here all by myself, one that I recognised though because I’d shared it with Vanessa. So I thought maybe I’d got the dates wrong on that thing you know? But when I checked I was here on the correct date; and then I realised the device was broken again. So I thought: hey why not find Negasonic again and see if she can fix it and tell me what the hell happened. Maybe I’d changed stuff in the past and things were all fine here now you know? But Negasonic wasn’t at Xavier’s school, because Xavier’s school didn’t exist. So then I went to find Weasel and I was talking about stuff he didn’t have a clue about. He didn’t know who Colossus was, who the X-Men are, nothing. Then he was talking about stuff that
He barely manages to stay still for the rest of class and says a quick goodbye and see you tomorrow to Ned as he runs out of the classroom. They’ve got plans to spend a day in the city. Ned just smiles and waves him off.
‘Well he’s already in my good books,’ he teases the teenager, earning himself a huff that makes him laugh. ‘Anything else you care to share about this mystery man?’
‘Strangely enough, Wong,’ the doctor retorts, ‘I’ve been too busy trying to rebuild the mess from Kaecilius; a mess, which I might need to remind you, that was already started before I joined Kamar-Taj. Oh yes and someone keeps stealing my money to buy themselves sandwiches because they never have their own. That does have a tendency to slow repairs.’
Steve’s face says he’s trying to find a safer topic to steer the conversation towards. ‘Peter seems to be getting on well with the team.’
‘I was not suggesting you, as they like to say, jump in with both feet first,’ Vision reassures him, ‘I was simply suggesting that you consider it.’
out, the car pulls up to a stop outside the apartment block. ‘Come on, kid, I’ll walk you up,’ he says, opening his car door, ‘you look beat.’
‘We are not having this argument,’ Peter crosses his arms over his chest, ‘and anyway Wanda didn’t exactly run screaming when she saw them either so that just proves my point!’
A/N: Hi everyone. I hope you're still enjoying this story. I've decided for the two weeks before Christmas to do a double update. So hope you enjoy the next chapter as well!
‘A little before eight,’ he replies, glancing at the bedside clock. ‘I wonder if Wanda and Peter are up yet after the movie marathon they made us have last night.’
Bucky snorts. ‘Like you could. Come on, Spider-Man, let’s see what Mommy Spider’s been teaching you.’
‘Well from the looks of it, Daredevil was right,’ Rhodes says over the comms. ‘That entrance might be our best bet.’
Rhodes laughs. ‘They love you just as much as I do, Mama. You know you’ll have no choice but to come back next year.’
‘Mr Wilson you are out,’ FRIDAY says. Peter hurriedly cobbles together a snowball and holds it ready as Wade slowly stands up. He waits till he hears the crunch of snow from Natasha’s boots and then rolls out, throwing the snowball at her and cheering when it hits her square in the face.
heading that way.’ He shrugs. ‘Like I said you make him happy. You’ve got a lot of baggage and I’m concerned who might come after him from your mercenary background, but to be honest you can get that from his life as Spider-Man. And he can look after himself, I
They’re silent for a few moments and they mull over the problem. Wanda tries but if she’s honest she’s getting a little tired, and is starting to worry they’ll never find a solution.
The guard looks at the pass then his eyes widen. ‘Mr Parker? I’m sorry I didn’t realise…I hadn’t been told your school was arriving today sir-’
to be here and help you, alright? Now don’t give me time to overthink things. Let’s get started.’ He turns the machine on before anyone can argue with him.
‘I still need to clear it with my teacher,’ Peter says, suddenly feeling shy now that Tony’s entered the room again.
I would love to hear your ideas on it all though, on Tony and Bucky's relationship and also on how you think Tony would have behaved had the team all come back. I get the feeling from his interactions with Peter in the films that he would really try with the relationships this time around: he's lost so many relationships in his life it seems only Rhodey, Pepper and Happy have stuck around. What I also find interesting is Vision is the only other who sticks around, and he has all of JARVIS' conscience as well as his own.
There’s a multitude of hands that go up, and the Headmaster is the one choosing the people; Peter is looking nervous again.
She tries to cover her shock by taking a sip of the cocoa, and only succeeds in burning her mouth. ‘How did you know?’
Hopefully I'll have another chapter to upload tomorrow. I'm literally uploading them as I finish writing now, which normally I hate doing.
For once he’s not looking forwards to going to the facility this weekend. He briefly wonders if he can get away with saying he’s sick, but then that would just make Mr Stark send for him to go to medical and then his life would be even worse.
go with him,’ Tony interrupts Wanda and hauls himself to his feet. ‘Come on, Underoos, I think it’s about time I thanked the man myself for helping get me out.’
Steve nods, blinking as he tries to bring himself back under control. ‘Meet in the briefing room in fifteen minutes for an update. FRIDAY pass on the message.’
Wade laughs. ‘If you’re still having that reaction in a couple of months’ time I’ll be a happy man.’
‘Now some of you may know that I’ve been really lucky to be given an internship at Stark Industries, so I thought I’d possibly be able to cheat a bit and choose Captain America. Unfortunately someone was a little quicker than me and had already chosen him and we weren’t allowed to do the same person as someone else. So I was a bit stumped. Then I was up at the Avengers Facility one weekend to help out and I got talking to Captain Rogers about the people who had been big influences on him, especially during the war, trying to get an idea of who I could do my presentation on. He came up with a lot of names I’m sure we’re all familiar with: Dr Erskine, who made the super soldier serum; Howard Stark, who built the machine used to inject the serum, and then helped to create the iconic shield; Agent Carter, along with members of the Howling Commandos. But then Na- Agent Romanoff made the comment that without one particular person Captain America would have forever stayed a propaganda side show and may not have become the hero we know today.
‘We had to put him in the Hulk containment chamber,’ Shuri laughs, ‘it was the only way to stop him storming downstairs.’
believe all of his story which is why I wanted Parker here to join in right from the start, and if he hadn’t of
‘Who are you?’ he demands, hoping his voice doesn’t sound shaky. He puts a hand into his pocket reaching for his phone.
‘I already checked, Tony. The stone is safe,’ Natasha reassures him. ‘And I passed the information on to Wade so he’s better prepared.’
‘Hardly,’ Loki growls, then cries out in pain as Lautenus pierces his side and he falls to one knee. A backhand across his face sends him spinning backwards against the wall and he lies on the floor. Motionless.
Steve admits this is probably the best idea. They’ve rented out the whole of the registry office to hold the ceremony so it’s just the Avengers and a couple of additional friends that are here, all dressed in their finest. Even Nebula has changed into something less combat worthy for the event, which Steve is strangely touched by; next to her Gamora looks stunning in a skin-tight dress that he’s pretty sure is the reason Quill is drooling.
Peter deals with waiting for Wade to recover and the team take the opportunity to properly meet their new allies
A/N: So....who was expecting that? Hope you enjoyed this chapter, please let me know what you think about this little turn of events!
‘Wow that’s so cool!’ Cooper comes to join his sister. ‘Can you lift me up?’ he jumps up and down, holding his arms up.
Now he’s alone, and this is going to be the hardest part: being patient and waiting for the party to be in full swing before heading over there. He does everything he can think of to kill time, but it just seems to go by at half speed. Eventually he gives up, deciding he can walk part of the way and give himself time to work out what he’s going to say when he gets there.
Rhodes laughs. ‘Unfortunately not, she’s going to spend it with my aunt this year and have a quiet one. I offered to join them but….well my aunt isn’t doing too good and I think Mama wants to spend it just the two of them.’
‘Well that makes me feel a little better,’ Steve chuckles, and the sound reverberates through his chest and into Tony, making him relax even more. ‘Though if we’re going from not wanting to admit it, then I can honestly say I can’t remember a time when you got carried away explaining one of your projects when I
‘When he brings the paperwork to say he’s adopted him I’m getting the biggest ‘I told you so’ ready.’
‘Don’t thank me too soon, Cap, I just hope this doesn’t blow up in our faces. Deadpool does have a tendency to blow things up you know.’
‘Nothing coming up, Peter. Only reports of police being called to intervene in domestic disputes, and I wouldn’t suggest getting involved in those,’ the AI responds.
‘I don’t go skating either,’ Rhodes laughs, ‘come on guys we get to sit in the bar and watch the others.’
‘So, the leader pair or the pair of assassins?’ Wade’s voice sounds tight and Peter looks at him in concern.
. And when they’ll do, they’ll be coming to get more of us and get us under the same kind of control that they did Barnes way back when. And here’s another thing we haven’t considered yet: Beck.’
‘Because you are less likely to have any lasting injuries from the abilities I wish to experiment with,’ the man sighs. ‘I…I am not comfortable with these abilities and the form I shall have to take to use them as it is. I hate to admit it, but I do not particularly want to injure anyone here should something go wrong.’
‘I’m holding you to that,’ Thor tells him, pulling him into a one armed hug. ‘We should leave before you tire,’ he says, pulling away.
‘You mean there’s someone here who is still stupid enough to try and inflate your ego,’ Rhodes says as he enters behind them and makes his way to the kitchenette. They have a bigger kitchen and dining area elsewhere, but Tony had made sure a small one had been included here as well. Not because he was lazy of course.
Thank you so much to everyone who has left kudos on this story, for the comments on the last chapter (which I am going to reply to I promise), and for everyone who is still reading this.
‘He’s not very good with words,’ Natasha nods in understanding, ‘so this is his way of saying he’s sorry and how much he wants us here.’ She gives a short harsh laugh. ‘To think I once gave a report to Nick that said he wasn’t worth considering for the team because he didn’t play well with others. Now it seems he’s the one most determined to keep the team together.’
‘Gah!’ he stumbles backwards, and would have fallen back out of the window had a laughing Tony not come up behind him and caught him.
‘Was that because your dad was trying to stop you from becoming a murdering psycho?’ Nathaniel asks innocently. His sister turns to him horrified.
‘All the more reason for you to hurry,’ Rhodes urges, ‘you know what Tony’s like when he gets into a tight spot. I’ll be surprised if one of the others doesn’t kill him first.’
‘Oh man we had one that would throw the dictionary at you if she caught you misbehaving,’ he laughs in response.
Please let me know what you think of the last couple of chapters, especially this one where Harry gets to take Flash down a peg or two. I loved writing that scene so much. I will also get on top of responding to all the lovely comments people have been leaving today, I promise.
A/N: Oh my life I did not think I was going to get this posted before the end of year, but I've made it by the skin of my teeth! I'm sorry it feels rushed, in truth it was a little as I wanted to get it up before New Year. Also I originally planned for another two chapters and no Stony proposal, but Steve just sneaked it in there and I felt like it was the perfect way to end the story. I may post a chapter in the future that has what everyone created out of their clay figurines in it, but for now this is the end of the Christmas special.
‘And I can’t create a portal anywhere out of my line of sight to get him into a separate area,’ Strange adds. ‘Unless…’ he looks at Nebula, ‘unless we still go with that plan but we use someone they are
He didn’t think it was possible to see a face light up in what could only be described as glee through a mask. Apparently Deadpool is full of surprises. ‘Wait are you saying you
‘Don’t be too glad to see me, Cap,’ Fury sighs, sinking into a chair. ‘Because I don’t have all good news.’
Steve tries not to blush as he follows Tony to the kitchenette and takes two mugs out of the cupboard; he can feel Bucky’s grin blazing into his back as he goes.
‘You look more like an ice sculpture than a walking nightmare,’ Peter says, walking closer to the god. ‘Looks kind of cool if you ask me.’
There’s a chorus of greetings and Rhodes loves the fact his mother’s face lights up with happiness as the team of superheroes and their friends all rush in to talk to her and wish her Merry Christmas.
‘Yeah, uh, kind of a long story,’ Wade rubs the back of his head and sighs. ‘So I learned a few years back that I had terminal cancer, nothing we tried worked so things were not looking rosy.’
For the first time in a long time, Wade feels a strange emotion. Almost like he might start to belong somewhere.
When she’s gone Steve turns to the group. ‘Before we talk any more about our next steps we need to get more people here. Doctor Strange should be here for one if he’s in danger for holding one of these stones; we should probably get hold of T’Challa as well.’
A/N: I'm so sorry I'm late uploading this week. Every time I think life is starting to slow down again something happens. Thank you so much for all the support for this story so far, I hope you enjoy this chapter and I promise to get an update done on Friday this week.
mess,’ he responds, ‘Let me fix it Rhodey.’ Then he walks out before either of them can argue, patting the pocket where the old phone sits, reassuring himself it’s still there. Just like he’s done every day since it first arrived.
‘A car crash,’ the doctor looks at the table top instead of up at them, ‘I used to be a brain surgeon but the nerve damage was so extensive that I couldn’t practise. I searched everywhere for a cure and that led me to Kamar-Taj.’
‘I didn’t say I knew for certain,’ Matt says, ‘only that if I had to say what I thought it was I’d say an infinity stone. That’s why I need your help.’
‘Just seeing if I could keep you on your toes,’ Steve shrugs. ‘It definitely had the effect of making me enjoy this more.’
‘Yeah, Sam text earlier to say he’s going to be waiting down the road with Sergeant Barnes so he doesn’t cause another scene.’
Then a voice he knows far too well comes over the prison speakers and says a word in poorly pronounced Russian. A word that has ice settling in Tony’s stomach. When the second word in the sequence is said he fires up his suit.
‘Baby Boy?’ Wade looks up from where he’s sat on the bed, back to the door, and scrambles to his feet. Peter doesn’t give him time to say anything else as he runs across the room and throws himself into his boyfriend’s arms.
‘Have fun kids. You let that thing get anywhere near me and I’ll find some way to make you suffer,’ he says as he jogs away. He watches the other three have a quick discussion before Rhodes calls Peter over to the middle to start the game.
‘It’ll all blow over as long as we keep it on the down low how much time he’s spending with us,’ Rhodes says. ‘Though if you’d taken down that video of him giving his presentation it might not have gotten to this stage.’
‘Alright. Heads up, Queens,’ Steve chuckles. The punch he aims, however, goes for his stomach. Peter steps to his right, feeling the soldier lose his balance momentarily before righting himself.
Steve tries to hold back his grimace at the announcer’s choice of words, digs an elbow into a chuckling Bucky, and then makes his way to the announcer, trying very hard not to throw up in fear. He still can’t believe he’s having to do this.
‘You don’t seem to have done as well as you thought, little spider,’ Francis crows from over Bucky’s shoulder. ‘So, I think we’ll be taking you to add to our little collection. How I am going to love breaking Wade by having him fight you.’
‘You saw him less than twenty four hours ago, stop trying to jump him,’ Natasha sighs, still not looking up from her notes.
‘Hey, no harm,’ Peter reassures him before the guard can hyperventilate. ‘I’ll see if I can find out what happened. You’re just doing your job.’
Natasha bursts out laughing. ‘If I hear that story has gotten around, Tony,’ Fury says, ‘I’ll know exactly who to blame.’
The other two share a look. ‘You can’t be suggesting we break from the Council? After what happened with the Accords-’
‘I’m still getting over the fact I didn’t realise two of my best friends were meeting up for coffee and were good friends without me knowing about it.’
‘Now we don’t expect you to do this is any form of timed challenge,’ Steve reassures them, ‘this is what we use for all the teams that work with us and they’ve had a few more years of basic training than you have.’
He groans. ‘Yeah I’m joining my classmates. Not all of them are idiots you know.’  ‘Whatever. Later!’ and with that she steps into an elevator and heads up to the team’s dining room, leaving Peter to head towards the cafeteria where his class will be eating.
I’m shit at this. Will you just sit down and hear me out?’ Peter looks at him for a moment, then nods and sits back down, pulling his hand back and sitting with arms crossed over his chest. ‘Right,’ the merc nods and looks down at the table. ‘Ok I deserve that. Look, I didn’t mean to be all, you know, “you can’t do what you want” when you got here I just- I freaked the fuck out yesterday. I mean you call me a couple of days ago saying you’re being attacked by the guy that’s threatened to
Around them the building thunders and cracks. It feels like it lasts for eternity and for a split second all at once, and Steve has a horrible flash back to being in the bunker with what was left of Zola.
Watching him throw the chemicals together, talking away animatedly, Tony thinks Steve’s description of ‘mad scientist’ is better applied to the kid. There’s a smile on his face he couldn’t get rid of, even if he tried, and he’s given up any pretence of doing his own work.
Peter shakes his head. ‘I tried to go into Wanda’s room to see if there was anything that might help us bring her back if she-if they do to her what they did to Bucky but…I couldn’t.’
‘-the person who has had a huge impact on history: Sergeant James Barnes, former Howling Commando, now part of the Avengers and known as the “Winter Soldier”. I’m sure some of you are probably thinking this is quite a strange choice, especially given how polarised the media is in their portrayal of him, but I’ve been able to speak to people who know him, and I’ve met him myself, so I’d like to take this opportunity to tell you, what I hope, is a slightly less biased version, and so you can get to know the Bucky Barnes that set Captain America on the road to be a war hero.’
sorry I didn’t tell you about your school coming over. I genuinely meant to and…well you know what I’m like when we’re in the lab. Even my AIs get frustrated with me!’
No one says anything the rest of the ride home, but when Natasha stands to go back to help patch up some scrapes on the two soldiers she rests a hand on his arm for a couple of moments. He takes it and gives it a squeeze in silent thanks.
Any further conversation is interrupted by a strange fizzing sound, and orange light appears in the room, steadily growing larger into a circle.
Bruce was busy analysing samples from the canisters that had been left at the scene that had contained the mist, and T’Challa’s suit had managed to contain some of it which meant they had a small sample to work from. Shuri was on her way over to help, and Wade had disappeared into the city to follow up with some of his contacts on any news on HYDRA. Being the only member of the team who would be able to move around fairly safely, Clint and Natasha had also given him some of their contacts to follow as well.
When everyone is back inside, changed into warm clothes and sat snuggled up in groups under blankets with hot drinks they decide to let the Barton children choose the next film. Tony isn’t surprised when Disney is the pick of the day, and they put Hercules on. Peter ends up threatening to web Wade’s mouth shut if he doesn’t stop singing, at which point Wanda joins in with Barton’s children and he covers his head with a pillow.
Peter struggles to keep both sides of his life separate and ends up taking a visit to the medical wing.
‘Touché, Captain,’ Tony laughs as he lets Steve escape from bed, watching the man walk across the room to the bathroom. ‘By the way I’m very much enjoying the view! Would be better if you lost the pyjama pants though.’ He laughs as Steve gives him the middle finger over his shoulder before closing the bathroom door behind him.
‘Thanks, Nat,’ he grins, and starts to unwrap the box. Loki notices Tony looking nervous and raises a questioning eyebrow at the man, to which his reply is a shake of the head. ‘Um… Tony I’m guessing this is from you, but why do I have a Stark Industries badge? I mean…I don’t get it.’
Peter laughs again, then goes quiet and bites his lip. ‘What if I have a nightmare again and FRIDAY can’t wake me up?’
, he thinks. ‘Positive. Though…I’m not sure how well it all still works. It should still have running water and everything, but…well no one’s been here in decades so…’
‘Yeah…it’s probably a good thing no one knows you’re Spider-Man,’ Wade says as he comes over and sits down with a bag of chips, ‘because I’m pretty sure there’s like a whole cartel somewhere in Europe that wants to kill me.’
‘Hey Spidey! You’re supposed to leave some for me!’ the red blur says as he tackles the armed man and one other. ‘Bear hug!’
‘We’ve taken out criminals together, and I’ve taken out a supervillain wanting to steal the Avengers’ stuff and you’re worrying about my
‘Bucky,’ Tony finally turns to face him, and there are unshed tears in his eyes, but his voice is stronger now. ‘He asked me to take him to see my parents’ graves back when we thought he wasn’t going to be healed in time. He told Dad he was sorry for what he’d done, even though he knew I didn’t blame him for any of it.’
Just as she reaches him he darts back into the room and places a kiss to the man’s lips. ‘Told you she’d like you,’ he grins and races back out to follow the girl back up the stairs, leaving a very shocked merc standing in the room, one hand reaching up to his face.
‘I wouldn’t bother,’ Flash interrupts before Peter can open his mouth. ‘He’s too busy being best buds with Spider-Man, and doing stuff for Iron Man. Next thing you know we’ll be hearing he’s dating the Scarlet Witch or something.’
‘Less chatter people! Rhodey get your suit and get one of the planes ready. Wanda, Vision get what you need meet at the landing pad. Now!’ Tony yells, racing down a corridor to collect his suit.
So Steve explains the invitation to the party, and sneaking over there whilst the rest of the team were inside, and meeting Tony outside. ‘He said he was just Tony from R&D. Why?’
Bruce is right. Clint does a rather spectacular projectile vomit, thankfully over the side of the balcony, so Wade rewards him by helping him back to his room, and even giving Natasha the finger on his behalf as she teases him.
He just points above Bucky’s head then steps closer. Where he’s darted in quickly with the others he instead give Bucky time to realise what is happening. ‘I saved the best until last,’ he says quietly against the soldier’s lips before pressing against them, one hand tangling in Bucky’s dark hair and the other going to his hip to pull him closer.
‘I didn’t notice him come in,’ Tony ignores Steve’s remark. ‘Before I knew it he was behind me using some technology I’d stopped work on previously; it stuns victims and leaves them paralyzed for a short period of time. I just lay there on the sofa as the man who’d been my guardian took the arc reactor out of my chest, saying I’d outlived my usefulness, and walked off to leave me to die from the shrapnel.’
I love you. If I didn’t care as much as I do I’d have said fuck it way back before we even started dating; I want to do right by you, Baby Boy, and that means waiting. Trust me my brain has made all the arguments for saying screw it after five years without you; nearly drove me off the edge having to go through all of those days without you there. One thousand, eight hundred and seventy eight days I had to go through, not knowing if we’d ever get you back.’
She looks back at Vision’s colourless form, then up to Tony, and back to Strange. Wanda closes her eyes and takes a deep breath, and when she opens them again her face is determined, her eyes alight with power. ‘Alright. I’ll do it. Bring me the gauntlet.’
. I just let them kill people and take us hostage. Then they used me against Mr Stark and,’ he trails off and Tony can hear the tears in his eyes when he adds, ‘I just keep disappointing him and I don’t want to do that anymore Aunt May.’
‘Just make sure you do take time to become a team again afterwards,’ Hope warns, ‘or you may end up doing damage that can’t be repaired.’
Then comes Germany and everything that happened around the Accords, and yet still Peter doesn’t shy away from talking about Bucky’s role and manages to not make it sound like he was fully to blame. Steve glances at Natasha and can see the woman is just as impressed as he is in how Peter is handling talking about some very sensitive chapters in the Avengers’ history. As the boy finishes with Bucky’s integration into the Avengers he’s starts on his conclusion.
‘Why does this stuff smell like marzipan?’ Rhodes asks from the other corner of the kitchen where he’s sat at a counter with Sam, both of them stirring contents of large mixing bowls. ‘I’m pretty certain we didn’t put any almonds in.’
‘Five minutes apparently,’ she raises an eyebrow. ‘Either there’s a lot of stuff here or your program is getting slow.’
‘And you’re still a psychopath, good thing neither of us change right? Otherwise, the readers wouldn’t know what was happening!’
Tony laughs. ‘It didn’t really need doing I just like doing it. Kind of been my excuse for getting close to you for years, couldn’t really let today be any different could I?’
‘I know I certainly enjoyed watching you wield that axe, definitely doesn’t beat you working in the workshop though.’
‘Not yet. Was going to call him next. We’ll get everyone organised and wait to hear from you. If we don’t hear anything we’ll head to the Sanctum and come find you. Wouldn’t it be better for Pete to meet you there?’ she asks.
There’s a round of soft laughter at that statement. ‘Idiot,’ Natasha rolls her eyes, her voice is fond though.
Sam notices Peter frowning, his head titled to one side as if he’s listening to something. ‘Hey, kid. What’s up?’
‘Right sorry getting side tracked. I actually called to ask what you and Peter were doing for Christmas?’
Peter and Shuri groan in unison from their place at his bench. The Wakandan princess had been giving him suggestions for his new project based on how she uses some Wakandan technology to help their agricultural industry. Bruce just waves his hand. ‘Yeah, give me twenty minutes to finish this.’
‘Someone will say something and get him going,’ Tony shrugs. ‘And he’s a great kid; he’ll do better than the both of us ever did,’ he can’t help the smile of pride that creeps onto his face.
‘You know I always meant to ask you,’ Natasha says quietly after a couple of moments, ‘but I’ll understand if you don’t want to talk about it.’
‘And it can tell you if your brain can be healed from trauma?’ he asks, looking between the three occupants and actually feeling something like hope in his chest for the first time in years.
‘Yeah like we could explain why we’d been drinking when we make it back to the facility,’ he rolls his eyes. ‘You know when he’s due in?’
‘Aww, don’t be like that Sam, I’ll let you have some of my scotch later that I only save for special occasions.’
Tony knows he shouldn’t, but he can’t stop the roar of rage that erupts from his tattered throat and lungs as he tries, and fails, to launch himself at the smirking man. Hammer’s laugh does nothing to stop the tears of frustration from where he lies on the floor.
‘Not got your buddies Captain America or the Winter Soldier to help you this time?’ one of the boys scoffs.
‘Next time don’t rely on Rhodey to fly you with the webs,’ Wanda suggests as they all gather around the tree they’d set up in the common area. Sam, Steve and Bucky are finishing up the lights, with Sam perching on Steve’s shoulders to get the lights around the very top of the tree. Vision is already starting on putting the tinsel on, and is doing a rather artful job of it.
Steve looks down at the inventor as his friend talks. He notices the dark circles under Tony’s eyes, and the sheer exhaustion beginning to show through. The billionaire is usually so animated when he’s awake that it’s easy to miss. For Steve apparently, but not for other people. And this is the man who apparently saved his best friend’s life a couple of times over in the past few months.
‘Not me,’ Bruce says, hopping up next to them, ‘I do not need Hulk making another reappearance. Good thing Cassie managed to go home to her mom though, right? Can you imagine any of this lot trying to cope with a kid here in the morning?’
She nods. ‘He and T’Challa thought it was better to have one of us here in case everything goes south fast. Bucky told Steve in their last phone call that he was worried he wasn’t going to make the deadline, but he said you weren’t telling him exactly how long you have left.’
‘Home now,’ Tony sighs, weariness evident in every line of his body. ‘Although I can’t imagine they’ve finished repairs yet so it might be a bit drafty for a while.’
It doesn’t take long to get the situation under control. Tony’s especially proud considering it’s the first time they’ve had a situation since Wanda’s been back and for Peter working with them since Germany.
‘From what I’ve seen of your entire team all you tend to do is pick fights with each other,’ the wizard points out.
‘Yeah, that’s the one. Turns out it was experimentation to make latent mutant genes come to the front. They, uh, tried lots of different ways to get my gene to work.’
‘Honey, the fact you brought these is more than enough,’ Steve reassures him, not looking away from the four enemies in front of them.
Tony chuckles and looks up at the soldier. ‘As Wanda pointed out yesterday Steve, we can’t exactly comment on age gaps. You’re a good fifty odd years older than me, not to mention you were friends with my father; I think at this stage you’re the definition of a cradle-snatcher.’ He laughs at Steve’s frown and presses a kiss to his forehead. ‘Don’t worry babe, I’m
‘How’s Peter doing?’ Pepper’s voice is full of concern, she doesn’t know the youngster as well as the team does, but she’s still fond of him. Tony has yet to find someone who
‘I’m sick of the sight of ice cream,’ he grumbles, handing her a card. ‘But get whatever you guys want. Tony’s paying seeing as he’s responsible for this addiction.’
‘Loki?’ the man’s voice is weak, but he manages to open his eyes and look at the trickster. ‘Oh good, I thought it was someone come to finish me off.’
Steve gives him a small smile and pulls him back down onto his chest, laying his head on his shoulder. ‘We do it like this, so you remember I’m not going anywhere and I can make sure you don’t go running scared.’
He pulls away before his thoughts become too dangerous and takes a small step back. Bucky clears his throat, eyes unsure though his face remains fairly blank. Tellingly he’s also keeping their mental link firmly closed, not that Loki can blame him since he’s doing the same.
Everything was going according to plan. Too according to plan if she’s honest, but hey it’s about time they had some good luck. That’s what she’s repeating to herself like a mantra as she slips along the corridors unseen anyway.
‘That’s why he’s collecting them now; and he appears to have a gauntlet that is able to contain their power,’ Loki finishes.
‘What the hell?’ Natasha asks. Steve looks up from where he’s been tending to Ned and spots the burning wreckage.
‘Well lets go outside and find out,’ Natasha suggests, ‘and hope that it’s not a world-ending event that has brought them here because I quite enjoy having Christmas off.’
Just then a great hulking beast that Bucky honestly has no idea how to start describing crashes through the opening in the barrier and barrels through their forces, scattering fighters from both sides in all directions.
‘Yeah but she obviously felt it was worth the risk,’ Steve replies. ‘I hear they continued working closely together, she must have found his multiple languages useful; I hear he learned more after the war.’
Rosie reaches tiredly out towards another picture. ‘Oh yeah you’ve got good taste there, Baby Girl. That’s my boyfriend, Wade,’ he starts to stroke Rosie’s hair as her breathing evens out. ‘He really is the most amazing person in the world, Rosie, and he puts up with so much from me being such a brat. I really don’t deserve him, and I can’t wait to introduce you to him; you’re going to have him wrapped around your little finger,’ he laughs, ‘and he’s going to do absolutely anything you want him to. He’s a big bad mercenary and likes to make out he doesn’t give a damn about anyway, but he’s a big softy really. I do love him, Rosie, I guess I haven’t really been showing it lately,’ he sighs, ‘and I need to change that when I get home.’
Steve grabs hold and chuckles a little. ‘I wouldn’t do that if I were you, Pete,’ he says. ‘Why don’t you go wake up some of the others and we’ll be upstairs within the hour alright?’
‘So,’ Tony draws the word out as lunch comes to an end, ‘anyone got any ideas on how we’re decorating the tree outside?’ As one every head turns to look at the tree in question.
The two of them start sprinting and Sam can feel the air burning in his lungs as he attempts to stay alongside the spy. ‘Hey Cap! On your left!’ he manages to gasp out as they approach the wrestling pair.
‘And here I was told you were polite,’ Tony looks down as Hammer continues, FRIDAY is about sixty percent done. They just need him to continue talking a little longer. ‘I’m guessing the other gentleman is the Winter Soldier? Well now I do know some people who would just
Everyone turns to look at Loki, and Peter sees the dawning horror on his face and tries not to laugh. ‘Oh no,’ he says, ‘no. I’m not doing it, Thor.’
‘Is all of this really necessary?’ Nebula asks, looking confused at the amount of boxes that are being passed down. ‘I thought this celebration only lasted a month?’
‘You were scared of losing Spiderman,’ May says, though he notices her stance is a little less tense, and the statement is bordering on being a question.
‘Didn’t think you’d missed me that much, kiddo,’ Tony laughs, stepping forwards quickly and bringing her into a hug before she can reach her intended target. He feels her stiffen slightly and hurriedly mutters in her ear. ‘Don’t let them know about you and Vision. Play along for now and later you can have all the time you want. I promise.’
. I just…I want to prove that his faith in me is justified, Baby Girl, and I want to show him how much it means but I’m just not sure how to do it.’
the shitty reason you have for not trying for Tony? For not pushing more with Loki?’ Sam demands, tone furious.
Peter pauses, then reaches into his jeans pocket and passes the man a small disk with his Spider-Man emblem on it. ‘I told you. I’ve come here from a mutual friend. I just want to know what’s happened to Deadpool seeing as he hasn’t contacted m- my friend in nearly a week.’
‘You don’t seem as enthusiastic as Thor about the celebrations,’ Wanda says tentatively to the trickster.
‘You sure we’re going to have enough?’ Valkyrie asks him from where she’s peeling some more apples ready for Wanda and Natasha to slice.
‘How the hell did he even get up there?’ he mutters to himself. ‘Hey kid, come on down will ya? I haven’t got my wings with me and I don’t fancy shouting.’
Anyway back to summarising. Before she threatens to have my Baby Boy run off with someone else. ‘But Mr Pool’ I hear you say, ‘you aren’t foreshadowing there are you? Surely not!’ All I can say people: the author can be a bitch. Seriously don’t believe her when she says she’s sorry for the horrible shit she puts us poor defenceless characters through. Sadistic.
‘Thanks,’ he replies, making sure he gets all of the information written down. ‘I’ll let you know if I hear anything else.’ He makes to stand up and leave.
‘Yeah and if my big reveal comes from you getting my phone confiscated during class you are so dead,’ he mutters, but passes his phone to his friend anyway. It’s only small things like this that has Ned feeling really involved with his alter-ego so he can’t really begrudge him reading a text for what must be the fiftieth time.
‘Oh now I want to know what kind of a drunk he is,’ Natasha says as she enters the common area. ‘I imagine he’s a maudlin drunk.’
‘Tony’s been taking the heat for all of our mistakes,’ he replies, hands curling into fists at his side in frustration. ‘He seems to think that everything that happened with the Accords is something he has to fix alone. But like Rhodey said we were all at fault and we all need to start doing something to help. We’ve been sat around too long, we need to speak to Tony and work out how we can manage this so we all play a part.’
‘Oh I don’t know,’ he smiles, ‘he has his moments.’ As the mercenary wipes the blood from his blades to replace them he can’t resist running over to him. ‘What are you doing here?’ he asks as he hits the solid chest and feels Wade’s arm come up around him.
‘I,’ he clears his throat and a faint blush colours his cheeks, ‘I, uh, may have left some, uh, bruises last night.’
‘Because you can wander about in the crowd and be our eyes and ears to how people are really reacting to the team. They’re not going to tell us to our faces if they think we’re being hypocrites are they?’ Tony responds.
‘I will agree there shouldn’t have been so much stuff on the ceiling though,’ Peter pipes up as he and Wanda bring out trays filled with steaming mugs of cocoa, complete with mini marshmallows melting in the top.
‘And what kind of story would that be?’ Fury fixes Tony with his best glare, but the inventor doesn’t flinch, his grin only gets wider.
A/N: I am so sorry I am so late updating, my weekend just decided to pass by without me! As these next few chapters are so short, and I'm so late, I'm going to finish uploading the story today as an apology!
Tony frowns as an idea strikes him. ‘Wait do we have to get everyone joint presents now or are we doing separate ones? I really don’t know how this works.’
Christmas and we don’t need a repeat of that,’ Steve finishes, Peter turning bright red as he does and mumbling something about having learned his lesson.
Loki has to agree; most of its fur is grey and white, but it has a mask of black across its eyes making its blue eyes stand out even more. The pup stands on its back legs, putting its paws up onto his chest and gives his cheek a lick.
‘Come see me anytime kid,’ he replies with a smile, then leaves him to his cleaning as he walks out the door. ‘And thank you,’ he says quietly once he’s left the training room.
‘Hey Steve? Next time you take the hormonal teenager on your team alright?’ Bucky says, but Steve can tell the light-hearted tone is forced.
‘You don’t call me that,’ she growls at him. Before anyone can react, she’s wrapped Peter in her magic and thrown him into the far wall.
‘Always the joker, Anthony,’ Hammer responds, smirk not leaving his face. ‘Ah I see that woman you had working for you before is still around. Though I must say I think you’re wasted as a PA my dear, perhaps I could find a better use for your skills?’
‘I need to sort a few other things out before I go to bed,’ she says, ‘but I will be getting an early night.’
which had severely injured Bucky, and Steve himself had barely survived, they’d been stuck in this house with the rest of Rumlow’s squad. Steve was near crazy dealing with the asshole that was Brock Rumlow. Bucky was in and out of hospital too much to understand just how terrible this squad was. Well apart from Sam, he was actually a decent guy and Steve isn’t sure how such a nice guy ended up in this squad.
‘They want to meet the man who has successfully had one of their new implants, and the whole squad has been invited to discuss a proposition according to this letter. We’re to meet Tony Stark himself tomorrow at two. So make sure you don’t go anywhere tomorrow, we want to be early. Understood?’
Steve blinks and it’s as if the scene changes before his eyes. It’s a young boy of four or five in front of him, Howard on one side and Monty on the other with cards between them on the table. Dum Dum is pouring some more whiskey for the players as Gabe, Morita and Jacques have a quiet discussion at the other end of the table. It almost feels that if he could hold on to the picture a little longer Maria Stark and Peggy Carter would walk in, smiling indulgently at the little boy who would have them wrapped around his little finger as he asked to join his father and uncles in their card game.
‘Aunty Nat!’ she’s cut off by the sound of two excitable voices and two small bodies launch themselves on top of where she’s sitting. Tony sees her blink in complete shock.
‘I’m not happy either,’ Steve says, ‘but since everyone else is willing to give him a chance I will. He makes
‘I’m landing,’ Natasha growls, and the landing is definitely more bumpy than usual. There’s a race to get to the doors, and everyone stumbles out, only Sam staying behind with Peter’s friends.
Bucky just continues to laugh at him, tears streaming down his face. ‘Steve I love you, but you really are an idiot.’
‘Huh. So not only do you withhold information from me about the state of health of the volunteer for my prosthesis project, in fact you out-right lie to my face about it, you also withhold information from them on where they are to be deployed. Frankly, Captain Rumlow, I’m not so sure I trust you to lead my personal security team. Especially considering your involvement with my former partner, Obadiah Stane, a man currently undergoing investigation into attempted murder. Coincidentally,’ Tony points to Bucky, ‘the attempted murder of one Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes.’
decide to do some proper training other than working out in the gym. No matter what Steve might try and insinuate, Tony
‘He’s given so much for us,’ she hears Bruce sigh as they watch the Wakandan ship disappear into the distance. ‘I just hope he feels it is worth it.’
Bucky nods, looks around again, then hurries over to where Steve is pulling an unconscious Wanda out of the car, Thor already out and on his feet next to him.
Silence meets her statement but no one argues, instead turning to look at the original six Avengers.
Peter rubs his forehead where a headache is starting to form and tries to ignore the gnawing in his stomach.
‘Still be nice to pick one or two of them off before we have to face him,’ Tony says. Then he frowns as he notices something odd. ‘Say Doc, you wouldn’t happen to be magically moving your hair would you?’
‘I was not ignoring it,’ Tony counters, eyes closed as he leans his head back on the chair. ‘I was trying to find a substitute element.’
He nods in response and pours himself a mug of tea. ‘You all know the others who are due to arrive, and I should like the chance to visit the Sanctum of my own free will, as opposed to being let out of an alternate pocket of reality.’
‘Wow, Tony you really have adopted that kid haven’t you? What’s with the whole “no dinner before you finish your homework” bit?’ he hears as he walks down the hallway.
‘I thought Pep had banned me from working? Something about me not being trusted when I’ve just come through trauma.’
Natasha lingers a little longer by the sorcerer’s desk and he hears her say one last thing to the man. ‘Thank you. This is the closest we’ve come to having him back since the Symbiote.’
‘Yes ma’am,’ he gives her his trademark grin and bows to her. ‘And I hear there’s a tree that needs to be rescued.’ He helps the family take the tree to their car, entertaining the children all the way, and answering some questions the son has on joining the army. He puts a hand on the boy’s shoulder before they leave. ‘What’s your name?’
There’s quiet for a few moments as they finish getting their stuff together, as they head towards the doors Peter adds a thought. ‘Maybe that’s because, even back then, you still held on to some of you.’
‘That and you just want to see him,’ he rolls his eyes, then takes out his phone when it pings with a new message.
‘Just….buy me….enough time…to stand up,’ he gasps out, trying to block out the pain coursing through his body.
; and this fight is not just physical, he’s also having to focus on pushing past the barrier that has been erected in Bucky’s mind, blocking their link.
‘Necessary? No. Normal? Absolutely,’ he answers. ‘Oh hey this is the stuff for the inside tree! I think the rooms and hallways are basically done. Want to get started? I think we need to set some of it aside for the dining room tree, though we normally have too many decorations for the tree anyway so there should be plenty.’
Before Steve can work out what the hell Bucky is on about the door opens and the very man in question walks in, apparently just finishing a call. ‘Yes Pepper I’m behaving. No why would you think that? Oh Stephen told you that did he? Well you know he’s about as trustworthy as I am. Hey! What do you mean you trust him more than me? You wound me Miss Potts. I need to speak to Bucky. That will be all, Miss Potts.’ He hangs up and rolls his eyes at Bucky. ‘Honestly that woman is
Peter’s running with sweat by the time the familiar voice interrupts his training session. He’s not sure he’s ever worked so hard on his own before but he has to get rid of a
‘Just be glad you aren’t with those two,’ he points at Peter and Wade who are currently bickering over something to do with how races should be conducted on ice rinks.
‘Thanks,’ she takes a grateful mouthful and feels some more tension leave her as the car starts to move, ‘just be glad when this is over. All this arguing is just giving me a headache and making me worry about what is going on that we can’t see just yet.’
Rumlow blinks, obviously caught off guard, but he recovers quickly. ‘Oh of course, I’m sorry I shouldn’t have assumed. Perhaps we could work in shifts so there are always three people around you? Between the seven of us it would be a simple thing to organise.’
‘Not much of a dancer I’m afraid,’ he replies, asking the bar man for a top up on his and Rhodes’ drinks. ‘Besides I doubt there’ll be many more songs left to go.’
‘You want to be able to do a project from start to finish without anyone interfering unless you ask right?’ she grins at him knowingly. ‘No worries, white boy, now aren’t you supposed to be joining the idiots down in the cafeteria?’
‘HYDRA was also able to kidnap me from our base,’ he fires back, ‘and we had our own moles here amongst the staff. We’re never going to be certain we’ll keep them away forever, and there will always be the potential for them to worm their way in; but we’ve all learned from the past and we can put safeguards in to prevent a full take over like before.’
Also: as the Christmas Special was so well received and I actually really enjoyed writing it, do let me know if there are any other specials you'd like to see in the future. I've already got an idea for Peter's school going on a field trip to the facility (but needs to be posted when this story is a bit further on I'm afraid). So if there are any particular situations you'd like to see the characters in do let me know and, if I can't put it in the main story, I might just make a special out of it.
‘There you go then,’ Tony says as if they’ve just found the meaning of life. ‘I mean I wouldn’t have blamed you for shooting my dad, God knows I wanted to a couple of times. But you didn’t
Ebony Maw and Cull Obsidian have arrived in New York. Steve and Tony help Strange and Wong hold off the first of Thanos' lieutenants until more of the team can reach them to help.
Peter forces himself to stay calm and, remembering the man’s comments about hearing if he was lying, chooses his words carefully. ‘They do. They know he’s in New York, and they know I see him.’
Sam huffs a laugh as they see the two soldiers wrestling on the ground. ‘Hey, Nat? You see what I see?’ The two soldiers have stopped before the finish line and they’re fighting as to who will get there first.
Peter turns back around, ripping his mask off and taking in the sight before him. The rest of the team are in the common area, which is decorated with banners and balloons, including one big banner that says ‘Happy Birthday Peter’ along the back. Then he catches sight of the other occupants.
A/N: Hey everyone! Sorry the update is a little late this week but I hope you enjoy it. Thank you to everyone who has left comments (I will reply soon I promise!), kudos and to everyone who is still sticking with this story.
Fury sighs as he ends the call after having spoken to Natasha, Bucky and Wade. The fact Ajax had escaped with the knowledge that Deadpool was working with the Avengers was nothing short of disastrous with regards to their plans.
Bucky is genuinely surprised how easily the Jotuns appear to accept Loki as their king; though he thinks a lot of it has to do with the three who are at the facility so much, and the fact that apparently their last king was a bit of a tyrant. From what he’s gathered the previous king was almost forced into the ceremonial duel by the rest of his people as they were hoping both brothers would kill each other and they could appoint someone else as king.
Wanda’s power, combined with whatever power Carol Danvers appears to have, rush towards the gauntlet. It glows, brighter and brighter, and Tony can’t tear his eyes away from it, even when Thanos’ angry roar gets closer and closer.
‘Stop acting like a dad waiting up for their daughter to get back,’ Bucky laughs as he checks his phone yet again.
There’s a few moments of silence, and Peter doesn’t dare look up. He has a feeling he’s messed things up between them big time and he’s not sure what to do to fix things.
A/N: Hi everyone! Thank you so much for all the lovely comments so far. Next chapter we get to meet the new student, be interesting to see who you think it might be and also who you are hoping it will be!
‘Give me the stones,’ he sneers down at Tony then, ‘you’re not strong enough to wield them.’ As he reaches down to rip them from Tony’s gauntlet Mjolnir comes flying out of nowhere and send Thanos stumbling to the side.
They all spend the rest of the night laughing and talking. Gradually people start to filter out as they become tired, and a couple get caught under the mistletoe on their way out. Tony managing to catch Steve by pulling the super soldier back on their way out and laughing at the blond’s surprised expression. Soon it’s just Peter, Wade and Natasha left.
‘Or just plain annoying,’ Peter grumbles, going back to scrubbing the chocolate mush on the ceiling. ‘I didn’t even realise we
‘Oh shut it, Stark,’ Bucky huffs a laugh, and Steve notices him squeeze back. He sits opposite the two of them as he ties his own skates, trying to block out the cold he can already feel seeping from the rink only a couple of feet away.
‘And boy did you keep that promise,’ Bucky laughs, nudging Steve under the table. ‘I wonder what he would have said to find out you ended up with Steve.’
There is also a small part of his brain that’s been finding it incredibly difficult to get a small smile with a pair of intense dark eyes out of his head the last few weeks.
‘No,’ Wanda narrows her eyes, ‘we’re here to make sure you can’t take power from anyone ever again.’
He cuts him off with a web to the mouth. ‘First of all don’t be so ridiculous,’ he huffs, ‘why the hell would I care what anyone thinks about me dating someone older? I introduced you as my boyfriend to Harry didn’t I? I’m not ashamed to be with you, Wade. What I
Scott runs and jumps, catching the gauntlet as Wade throws it in his direction. As soon as his hands touch it, though, the alien army, that has finally found its way to its leader, swarms towards him. ‘Uh… Hope? You might be better with this than me!’ he yells, throwing it to his apparent girlfriend, who shrinks down and flies up to catch the gauntlet, making it appear as if its floating in mid-air.
‘He took her somewhere she’d be accepted without question,’ Natasha says quietly, ‘which was exactly what she needed, especially after all the news reports that refer to her as a weapon of mass destruction.’
‘No way really?’ Peter looks between the two red suited men. ‘I heard Miss Natasha saying they were trying to get intel on you.’
‘You’re not getting me in the mud, Rogers,’ he crosses his arms over his chest and grins, doing his best Tony impression, ‘
‘No, uh,’ he swallows past the lump in his throat, ‘we’ll explain later alright? Steve can you contact T’Challa and get him to head over here? It might be worth him bringing Shuri as well.’
Tony kisses the soldier to shut him up. ‘Though I will say, Steve,’ he grins as he pulls away, ‘no one is ever allowed to call you innocent again after last night.’
Tony sniggers. ‘He’s got you there, Cap,’ he says as he blasts a couple more enemies with his repulsors. Landing near Steve he powers up the reactor in his chest, sending a blast towards the soldier that the blond reflects with the shield, clearing the enemies around him.
are,’ she sobs. Then comes the rage; the anger that someone has taken her friend from her and she suddenly jumps onto his back, digging her fingers into the soft parts she can reach just like he’d taught her to do.
‘Tony from….oh Stevie you really are an idiot,’ Bucky laughs, then groans and holds his chest as it starts to hurt.
‘Wanda, darling, I’m a little offended,’ Agatha taunts her with a smile. ‘I give you the nudge you need to discover your full potential and this is how you repay me?’
Do let me know what you think about these chapters, I hope you're enjoying the story. Do let me know if there's anything you'd like to see from any of the characters in the future and I shall see what I can come up with.
‘No,’ Loki shakes his head with a sigh. ‘And I also need to consider that someone not of Asgard or of Jotunheim…they may not share my longevity. To allow myself to love someone only to lose them so quickly…’
‘Now remember,’ Rhodes says in his full Colonel voice, ‘no one is buying or winning any trees without permission from me and Sam. Understood?’
what to do after Christmas. He’s not leaving for certain, and you could be giving him another reason to stay.’
‘Yeah but you’ll tell Tony and I can keep a secret,’ she shoots back as the screen finishes closing and she turns back to Peter. ‘It
‘Pete we’re just worried,’ Steve cuts off whatever Bucky was going to say. ‘We had no idea this was going on. Tony never mentioned it, so it’s a bit of a surprise.’
‘Uh, why the fuck does it look like Elsa sneezed everywhere?’ Wade asks as he enters the common area.
‘Yeah but I’d rather take at least one out from a distance rather than just have to stick to up close and personal. We don’t know how their frostbite abilities are going to affect us. If it’s anything like Loki’s we’re in trouble. Tony’s the only one with some proper defence against it.’
‘Nega-you know what? That’s all part of that other story to be explained. Anyway she and her girlfriend fixed it and I started going back and trying to fix stuff in the past-’
‘Alright FRIDAY give us some music,’ Tony says and the AI dutifully begins playing some of the slower Andrews Sisters’ melodies. At Steve’s surprised look he shrugs. ‘I thought it might be easier for you to learn to some songs you’d be used to.’
The rest of the car ride is quiet, not through any lack of effort on the two men. Peter just wasn’t in the mood to talk. The three of them make their way up to the common area, Bucky carrying Peter’s bags and waving the boy’s hands away when he tries to take them from him. He feels his stomach sink when there’s no sign of Tony in the room, and both Natasha and Wanda are sat on the sofa chatting when they walk in.
‘So it’s man we’re looking for,’ Tony muses out loud, ‘obviously a man in a high position, most likely in the government seeing as you are adamant that I won’t be able to do anything about him doing what he likes.’ Hammer starts to look wary. ‘I mean it would also have to be someone who has shown they have some idea of everything you’ve already proven you know,’ he lazily looks over at Natasha, seeing her eyes widen very slightly which tells him she’s just realised what he’s already worked out.
Tony sees Clint struggling to keep a straight face out of the corner of his eye and feels the corners of his mouth twitch.
Tony tries to keep the triumphant smile from his face, merely nodding his head and taking his leave. He only lets it break out when he’s sat in his car and on his way back to the facility.
‘Sam and Bucky are looking at everything we’ve got and seeing if we can pinpoint a place. Considering how many soldiers they had shown up in such a short space of time, they have to be fairly close. Vision’s seeing what he can get from surveillance with FRIDAY. But neither of them is able to track Tony.’
‘Pepper darling, feel free to use any of that anger that is normally directed at me on Ross any time you feel like it,’ he laughs.
The force of his own stupidity hits him so hard that he misses a kick to his stomach that sends him stumbling backwards with a grunt.
He shrugs and doesn’t meet his gaze. ‘Kinda. I mean I did screw up, Mr Wilson. I don’t blame Mr Stark for taking the suit away; I really wish he hadn’t, but I know why he did. I just don’t want him to feel that way again.’
‘We will already have the Mind Stone,’ T’Challa sighs, leaning back in his chair, ‘and we will be open in our opposition of HYDRA. I do not think it a good idea to have it here in Wakanda, nor do I think it wise for Wakanda to be arguing to free the Avengers from government control whilst having two powerful items in our possession, we could be seen as too threatening.’
Tony blasts through the windows of the café just as a second armoured vehicle comes speeding around the corner and heads straight for the entrance to the courtroom, flying through and leaving Clint to catch up.
‘I know, I think if you’d left me to restart a relationship with someone else I could have handled it better, but knowing it wasn’t that just made it harder.’
‘Well, I think I better head off before I get tempted to say something that will make Banner Hulk out in front of the kids,’ Wade says, lifting Peter’s chin up to press a firm kiss to his mouth. When he pulls away Peter has to resist the urge to whine and bring his boyfriend back for another one. ‘See you after dinner, Baby Boy,’ he says quietly.
‘It’s only for now,’ Tony says, grabbing his glass from the table. ‘Until everyone’s attention is grabbed by the latest celebrity couple break up. Now that’s enough serious talk for one night. You two lovebirds go… do whatever it is you do. I don’t want to know. Have fun!’
‘Stop, kid,’ Bucky sighs, and he’s surprised at the man’s tone. It almost sounds like he’s holding back tears. ‘Please don’t start apologising.’
driver, but I have yet to have an accident in a car I modified.’ As he opens his mouth again Tony waves for him to forget it. ‘So come on it can’t just be my driving, otherwise you wouldn’t have said anything about it.’
‘So you arrived early,’ Loki raises an eyebrow at the wizard, having not forgiven him yet for their last meeting.
‘Excuse me, miss?’ Steve asks the nurse at the station. ‘Could you tell me where Sergeant James Barnes is please?’
‘He went off with a blonde woman earlier,’ Wanda says, and Peter winces at her choice of words. ‘She was asking for his help.’
‘Shit, Harry, I’m sorry,’ he goes up and puts a hand on his friend’s shoulder. ‘I’d thought he’d have backed off a bit over the years.’
‘If you know him as well as I think you do, you should know he’s not going to care what you look like. He cares about you. I’m slightly concerned just how
‘-and I owe him my life,’ Tony cuts off the teen’s rambling; at the shocked expression he sighs. ‘Natasha told me what he did when the team came to get me out, and how he helped you out with finding information. I’d say that means I should give him a chance don’t you?’
‘Want to bet?’ comes a furious tone from just in front of him, and Peter has never been so happy to see Bucky Barnes in his life. Though the look on his face is murderous and has him shuffling to the side of the sidewalk next to Ned, who’s knelt down next to his friend.
‘You’re nearly forty years too late for this rant, Cap,’ Tony laughs along with the other dark haired man. ‘And trust me Mom and Peggy already had a word with him.’
‘I’m glad to see you awake, brother,’ Thor smiles at him. ‘Brunnhilde is with them and has promised to ask Stark’s newest system to alert me if they require anything. I wanted to ensure you were well.’
a superhero,’ the man says, tightening his arm around his waist, ‘trust me I’ve seen you in action enough times to know. But you want to know how I realised just how special you really are, Baby Boy? You’re the only person since I got my scars to look at me without some form of shock on your face.’ Peter looks up at the man in surprise, and only sees sincerity in his brown eyes. ‘I took off my mask and you
Steve had asked the most questions about that time, and it had led on to what had happened with the Mandarin, and how it had all ultimately led to Ultron. A whole night taken up on the events that led to one of the biggest mistakes in his life. By the end of it he was drained. But to see the understanding dawning in Steve’s eyes had helped ease some of his tension.
‘You and me both,’ Clint grins as he joins them, ‘if they’d done it a couple of years sooner I would have won my bet with Nat.’
‘Ok Tony, I have to admit you’ve done it again,’ Natasha says, still amazed the genius can still surprise her. ‘These were not what I was expecting.’
‘Right…well I’m just going to…go make an excuse for you or something so you can finish Scott’s. Then come upstairs before someone else comes looking for you alright? Bucky was getting suspicious.’
‘Here,’ Natasha shows him the site location which she’d got Pepper to send through. ‘We’ve contacted the dig, apparently there was a cave in where the four of them were left. They’re trying to dig a way through now, but no one knows why it happened.’
By the time they all settle down for a late lunch the main entrance, most used hallways, common area and dining room are all decorated; Vision had interceded when decorations started making their way to the kitchen and pointed out the fire hazard, and then Steve had put his foot down Captain-style and Wanda has begrudgingly agreed.
‘Do you think Ultron could have come to life without mine and Tony’s intervention?’ he asks, trying to sound like the answer to the question didn’t matter as much as it did.
Steve throws his hands into the air. ‘Do you know what? I give up! This is exactly what you were like before: you’re so focussed on one thing you can’t listen to anyone.’
‘Hey Parker,’ Peter groans as Flash’s voice comes from behind him, ‘you missed seeing the epic Spider-Man training. Or is it too much of a common thing for you now that you’re above it?’
‘There’s something weird about the weapon the alien guy used,’ Peter replies, frowning over the screen in front of him, he’s still in his suit but his mask is on the table, ‘it seems to be actively stopping Vision’s body from healing and completely preventing him from phasing.
the R&D department. Well there’s other people that work for R&D but I do the majority of the work. Oh shit that sounded really arrogant didn’t it? Pepper told me to tone it down.’
‘Calm down,’ he takes hold of the teen’s shoulders. ‘And listen before you panic. I just said I approved. It’s obvious you’ve got stronger feelings than friendship for the guy, Peter. I won’t lie and say I wasn’t terrified when I first realised, but then I talked to him on Christmas Day and I’d decided after that he was good enough for you. Though, Steve was quick to point out that no one will
‘Nat what’s…is this what I think it is?’ Peter looks up from the envelope with his name written on it in Natasha’s elegant writing.
‘You seem to make him happy, Wilson,’ he hears Natasha say. ‘Keep it up and I’ll lay off the threats.’
The beams snap and debris falls down towards them. Something solid catches him in the midriff and sends him flying backwards. Bucky’s head hits concrete and his visions blurs, both from the dust blossoming around him from the falling structure, and from the struggle to remain conscious.
‘Alright everyone,’ Tony says, clapping his hands together and grinning at the gathered group, ‘the mistletoe challenge is about to start! Rules are: you have to catch as many people by surprise under the mistletoe as you can before this time tomorrow. The one who has managed to catch the most people wins.’
‘Mine is what?’ he asks, taking the basket she offers. There’s a small whining sound coming from inside and it is, indeed, moving.
‘Wow really? Hey Doc I think we’re worse than Tony on an inventing stint,’ he laughs as he pulls away from the redhead. ‘Can I come round tomorrow and help again?’ He looks between the two adults.
Rhodes laughs. ‘Come on, Tones, time to break it up. Unless you want me to run off with another suit of course?’
‘Hey, get your own food,’ the other man says, digging in. The look on his face has both Peter and Steve laughing.
‘I think that’s a fantastic idea, Peter,’ Steve smiles at him. ‘I know I wouldn’t have been able to do half the things I did without some of the people around me in the war.’
Dodging past tall, well-built people, Peter makes his way to the bar; behind are two men, both are around the same height as him, one looks to be of Indian heritage, and the other has a mop of light coloured hair and glasses.
‘This is why we’re friends, Stephen,’ and Bucky sees Stark give the doctor a relieved smile, the soldier in him noting the loosening of the tight shoulders. He turns back to Bucky. ‘Sergeant Barnes this is Doctor Stephen Strange, and he is now going to be in charge of your care.’
Thank you to everyone again who has left kudos on this story, a huge thank you to everyone who has left comments, and of course to everyone who is still sticking with it! I really do appreciate any comments that are left as they've generated a couple of small scene ideas and plot points for me, so please do keep leaving them.
aching,’ Quill groans as they make their way through Central Park to where Tony had seen the carollers would be.
A/N: Hi everyone! Hope you enjoyed your first pre-Christmas double update. Thank you to everyone for your continued support by reading, leaving kudos and commenting on this story. I'm hoping to put the first parts of the Christmas Special up tomorrow so keep your eyes peeled if you're interested in reading that.
‘Yes he reminds me of him too, hopefully this one shall have a better chance, though,’ he smiles at his brother.
‘Let’s worry about that later,’ she suggests. ‘Right now we have to get past him before this whole place goes up in,’ she checks her watch, ‘four minutes and thirty three seconds.’
‘Wade,’ her tone is warning. ‘We won’t tell anyone else unless your suspicions are confirmed and we have to as part of the mission debrief, and we won’t mention that you had these suspicions when we debrief either. We just want to know what
‘Take it up with, Nat,’ he waves in the red-head’s direction, ‘and let me get back to my fixing. Is Scott here yet? Scott’s actually helpful in these situations.’
‘I wish they’d recorded it, but yes apparently she was a proper firework over it whenever people tried to tell her she shouldn’t be with him.’
Hope you all have a wonderful week. Thank you as always for your continued support. I love hearing from you all so please review.
‘Don’t play dumb,’ he fixes the scarred man with his best don’t-give-me-that-bullshit expression, the one usually reserved for Peter these days. ‘I’ve noticed the way you look at Peter. You care about him as more than a friend.’
‘Look,’ Steve sighs, rubbing his temples, ‘why don’t you agree to let us watch over Loki for tonight? He nearly died from wounds Thanos inflicted on him earlier today, he isn’t exactly in much shape to be trying to bust out of a bouncy castle, let alone a hospital room; the guy can barely stand by himself. Come back tomorrow around lunch time when the rest of our team should be here and we can all sit down like grown-ups and discuss the best course of action. Agreed?’
‘Bruce said he doesn’t like playing,’ he continues, ticking everyone off on his fingers, ‘you two were out, Wade isn’t here, and apparently Peter doesn’t know how to play and wasn’t interested in learning-’
And now, kiddies, we make lots of noise. The guns all start firing at once, almost like they were on a timer or some shit. Almost like this is a story and it was done for dramatic effect.
Thor talks about some of the different worlds that he has encountered, and Peter can see everyone hanging on his every word; the Asgardian has a way of describing things that can make even the most mundane things sound incredible. His booming voice, however, is starting to affect Peter’s headache.
Just when Peter is certain his luck couldn’t get any worse he steps out of the main school doors and sees who is picking him up.
I did a double update this week as I won't be able to post next week and thought it would be mean to make you potentially wait for this last chapter. Please do let me know what you think of these last two chapters.
‘Algebra the only thing you’ve got left to do?’ Steve asks, poking his head back out of the kitchen door.
‘And break with all world governments,’ Natasha looks warily between them all. ‘It could undo everything we’ve worked for the past year and a half. Everything
Strange is quiet again as he assess the fellow magic user. ‘Both,’ he answers eventually. When Loki doesn’t respond straight away he then adds. ‘You do realise that by choosing to stay it doesn’t mean you can never travel and then come back?’
Peter and Ned get saved from bullies by Bucky and Sam, and the two are not happy that their youngest team member has been trying to cope alone. They make Peter tell Tony, which the young Spider is not too happy about.
‘Is that a puppy?’ Pepper asks, moving closer to scratch the soft fur on the small thing’s head. ‘It’s so cute!’
‘Stop sniggering, Natasha,’ Steve tells her, reaching for the books and slipping them into the pouch on his suit. ‘How we doing?’
‘And I promise not to freak out,’ she says, voice and expression calm and encouraging. ‘I’m excited if nothing else. My little brother’s got himself a date.’
‘Oh now this sounds interesting,’ the man leans against the stone railing in front of him. ‘Care to enlighten me?’
‘You know I wasn’t going to say anything about it,’ comes the response. ‘Hell, I’m just impressed he kept all his friends safe.’
‘I don’t know what to say,’ he says quietly, ‘thank you so much.’ He turns to hug her properly, and her arms fall around him to return it.
Wanda shrugs. ‘You could look at it that way I suppose,’ she muses, ‘but they don’t treat me that way and, except for the first time when I didn’t know what to expect, I’ve never felt like it either. I just look at it as another part to my training. It’s easy to stretch the limits of your control when it’s just you and someone you trust in the room, but add the pressure of showing people who are reporting on it, and suddenly you see just what you are actually capable of doing.’
‘You will not stop me from completing my plan,’ Thanos tells him, punching Tony, which the man dodges, but is then unable to dodge the next one.
‘Vision and Wanda have gone out for a coffee and some peace and quiet. Rhodey and Sam said something about trying out some air manoeuvres.’
‘If you’re ready, we’ll go,’ Matt gestures to the stairs behind them and they follow the vigilante up and out of his apartment, letting him fill them in on the site as they travel across the rooftops.
As everyone heads to get plates of food Ned runs up to Peter, his eyes wide. ‘Dude you just totally took out the Winter Soldier!’
. So I asked Aunt May if I could have a drink with them and she said yes ‘cause we figured Spidey stamina and all that a few drinks probably wouldn’t touch me.’
‘You know,’ he says as they take the box over to where the tree has been set up, ‘I don’t really know where that tradition came from. We can look it up later though if you like? For now why don’t you help me put these lights around the tree? We need to start at the bottom, where we’ll plug them into the socket, and then make our way up the tree, going round,’ he explains as he plugs them in. ‘Then we put all the other decorations on and then one person gets nominated to put the topper on, then we sit down with hot cocoa and have dinner and start on the Christmas movies.’
‘Never said you were staring,’ he says quieter, reaching down to press a soft kiss to Tony’s mouth, ‘just said you were enjoying us chopping wood.’
‘Yes, Mom. You and Tony are as bad as each other you know that? I’m not going to be surprised when you two get married.’ He closes the connection before Steve can form a response.
‘Thanks,’ he says, turning back to his list of homework. He’s done most of it during a free period, just like he always does before coming to the facility, but he’d been avoiding his algebra homework.
‘You’ll become the most powerful Sorcerer Supreme,’ Agatha continues regardless. ‘If you live long enough of course. And considering I’m not letting you leave here with your power, that might not be as long as you intended.’
‘Nah, just couldn’t settle,’ Peter shakes his head and comes over. ‘You still playing poker? It’s like one in the morning!’
‘We’re leaving. We’ve got to meet the rest of the school. Come on Harry we need to get Betty, MJ and Ned.’
‘Rhodey’s on the phone to Pepper now,’ he nods. ‘I just got off the phone to T’Challa. He’s told us to let him know if we need help; he’s got Shuri heading over on standby to stay at the local outreach centre. He was going to come over with her to the facility, but I told him to hold fire for now. We don’t need Ross trying to get hold of him when we’re not sure where Tony is yet.’
‘He didn’t,’ the mercenary replies, ‘but I promised to check out the addresses you gave, this was the last one and then he said the team were moving in so I headed over to lend a hand.’
‘Same time he did everyone else. I hoped whining enough would get him to leave me alone, unfortunately it didn’t work.’
‘I told you,’ Loki responds, placing a hand on the taller man’s shoulder, ‘that the sun will shine on us again, Thor.’
‘Still don’t get why you let me go. It’s not like we’ve never worked together on stuff before,’ Peter’s frowning at Wade, arms crossed.
‘That’s all for now,’ he nods, dismissing the man. He’s learnt from Zemo that the best way to destroy the Avengers is from the inside, but the man made the mistake of allowing them the opportunity to rebuild afterwards. He will not make that same mistake.
Steve blushes and he can’t help but feel intrigued. ‘Could I- I mean, would you mind if I stayed here?’
He stands up, cutting off Hammer’s response and leaves the man spluttering behind him, Natasha hot on his heels as they close the door behind them. ‘Did you hear all that?’ he asks Steve as the soldier stands, wide eyed, when they close the door.
’ Natasha demands and Bucky turns to see the webslinger webbing the monster’s face and then swinging up onto its back.
The human sighs and throws his hands up in the air. ‘Fine. Let’s get to the ship and you can fill us in on the way.’
‘Yeah well like I said I’d have to be blind or an idiot to not want to take you on a date. Especially since I’ve seen that ass in spandex.’
‘Please,’ he cuts Steve off. ‘Please don’t tell Mr Stark. It’s fine, honestly. I have May, I have Ned and MJ, and I have you guys. I don’t need anything else. I’m happy, and I’m happy at school despite a little bit of teasing from some of my classmates. Please promise me you won’t tell him. He’ll make a big thing of it and then it’ll just get worse.’
to be created, to break out from the sceptre, and he was influencing the people around him, kind of like what the sceptre did to all of you on the Helicarrier with Loki.’
‘Alright let’s get moving,’ Bucky suggests, ‘the sooner we get to Wade’s flat the sooner we can get home and rest.’
Bucky comes over from where he’s been sitting in the corner, it seems some of the habits he’d developed under HYDRA’s training, like managing to sit in the corner and stay unnoticed, hadn’t left him. ‘You’re plotting, Stevie. You’ve got that determined look in your eye that usually meant I had to get you out of trouble.’
She looks torn, then sighs and puts the gun away, taking a pair of cuffs from god only knows where, and binding the man underneath her. When she gets to her feet she drags him up with her and shoves him towards Bucky. ‘Take this piece of shit to the Quinjet. Vis has gone to help the others, we’ll get them all out and back up to you soon.’
Pepper laughs. ‘I put up with Mr Stark enough as it is, thank you,’ she replies, ‘if you don’t mind I’d rather dance with Captain Rogers.’
‘I-uh,’ Bruce looks uncomfortable, fidgeting and not looking straight at her, ‘I just wanted to talk to you. We haven’t really had chance since I got back.’
A whisper of material against something solid. Reacting on pure instinct, Peter sends a web towards whatever the solid thing is and pulls. Vision lets out a sound of surprise and Peter’s only just able to dodge out of the way as the humanoid crashes into the place he was just standing.
‘What? Peter you were at Decathlon practise, the mugging victim said Ben came and helped after someone had tried to…’
‘Don’t you worry we’re putting the super soldiers on him,’ Sam laughs, ‘they’re the only ones who’ll be able to help if he falls over anyway. You’ve got me, and Tony’s got Bruce. Mainly because Hulk likes Tony so if Bruce Hulk’s out Tony’s safest.’
‘Right, and there were clauses put in for those who wanted to keep their identity hidden,’ she continues, ‘but I don’t think you guys have really thought much about
Ok forget being nervous, now Peter’s terrified. ‘What? But when is it being sent? I mean what will it say?’
Nebula nods, looking down at the ground. ‘We were both adopted by Thanos, raised together to be his warriors. We…did not have an…easy relationship, but by the end we were sisters.’
‘That is my plan, Spidey. Me, a couple of bottles of whiskey, and as many crappy movies as I can fit into the time I’m awake. Weasel may turn up at some point if he gets bored, or if I get bored I may head to Al’s. But other than that, it’s just some quality me time.’
‘This is getting ridiculous,’ Rhodes fumes, ‘he’s wanting people to register? It’s only so he knows who he can target to add to the Avengers roster, or who he can make his own team out of for when we do something he doesn’t like.’
‘Whilst the chefs appreciate the sentiment,’ Loki interrupts, ‘they would like some of their labours to be left for them to sample as well.’
‘Yeah I know,’ he huffs, responding to Wade’s message. ‘You want me to see if we can give you a lift home?’
‘Maybe I’m just hoping I can bury you under enough stuff that you can’t come back and haunt me again, Wade,’ Francis taunts him, spinning two axes in his hands.
‘Then there was the time Falcon and the Winter Soldier caught him bullying Pete,’ Ned laughs, ‘I genuinely think he crapped himself.’
‘I really wouldn’t do that if I were you,’ Deadpool’s voice is threatening, and Peter is sharply reminded that the man he’s brought into this with him is a killer.
Hammer’s trial is starting tomorrow, it shouldn’t take too long and Tony desperately wants Peter to go on this school trip to try and distract him from everything superhero related.
‘As I have already explained,’ Bucky rolls his eyes, ‘the point of a food fight is not to hurt people it’s just to get messy. The messiest person loses and the cleanest person wins.’
He opens his mouth to shout, and inhales warm water. Closing his eyes, he thrashes around, trying to throw off the ghostly hands that are pushing him down. Phantom sparks of electricity dart across his chest, reminding him to protect the battery. If the battery stops he’s dead from shrapnel. His hands reaches to his chest, but the reactor’s gone.
‘None taken,’ Vision says with a shake of his head. ‘Though I do wonder if we could invent the technology that would enable me to taste.’
‘If there’s trouble let us know and we’ll come help. I’m hoping it’s just he’s been held up with unimportant stuff, but if they’ve been attacked again then call it in,’ Natasha calls as he walks towards the portal.
Hammer begins to read a series of Russian words that Steve knows only too well. His best friend is frozen in place, the only movement is him shaking.
Bucky laughs, supporting Wade so he doesn’t have to put much weight on his rapidly healing broken leg. ‘Not a word. Nat’s here with the jet. You’ve been under there all night.’
‘No my king,’ Lorena responds. ‘All kings have ruled as sole rulers before, none have ever taken a council before.’
‘Do we want to know?’ Wanda asks with a grin, bursting out laughing as Peter blushes bright red and ducks back into the attic.
‘Not as such,’ Nick explains, ‘the majority of the Accords will apply solely to official team members; others, such as yourselves and Scott, who only help during certain scenarios would only have certain sections apply. There would also be safeguards in place for your identities should you want them to be applied.’
Peter quickly puts his hand over Harry’s mouth. ‘And you can stop right there, thank you very much.’
‘If they did it could give us an idea of how they’re powered,’ he replies, dragging over the piece of furniture. ‘We may be able to find a way to neutralise it and possibly destroy one of the stones; then Thanos wouldn’t be able to collect them all and complete his plan.’
Honestly? Yeah I want to get those poor bastards out of Francis’ hands. No one should go through what I did. And on the plus side it fucks up his plans.
Without thinking Tony rushes over to the boy and drags him out of Bucky’s grip, holding him in his own punishing hold and desperately trying to keep himself under control. ‘You’ll be fine, Pete,’ he says into the teen’s hair. ‘I swear to you he’s not going to touch so much as a hair on your head.’
your number one priority. Nat, Vis? I want you two downloading all the information you can from their computers. I’m expecting to have a lot of reading to do. Everyone else? Give them hell. Take out as many as you need to.’
‘I should be happy that the team work better together to take out me and Buck than they do in the training room?’ Steve deadpans.
Wanda smiles, turning her face up to the sunshine as she and Vision walk along the street; they’d been to watch a movie and were now heading to have lunch; it wasn’t a warm day as such, but the sun was just warm enough to be soothing on her face and it made her smile much easier than it had been in the past few days.
Thor looks the female up and down. She looks almost human, were it not for the antennae that are growing from her head, and the too large eyes; her voice sounds very innocent, as though she were actually a child rather than the grown adult she appears.
‘You want me to tell you about the Avengers, Rosie? This is my team and they’re the greatest superheroes to have ever lived. One day you’ll get to meet them because they’re basically my family by now, which means they’re yours as well. We also have some people help us that aren’t officially on the team as well, like this guy, this is Scott,’ he points to a picture of Scott, Hope and Cassie from Yule, ‘and that’s his girlfriend Hope. She’s pretty badass, but they both have these suits that mean they can get really,
‘Yeah,’ he sighs, rubbing his temples as Fury ends their call, his face disappearing from the screen, ‘yeah I do.’
‘None of your business,’ Bucky snaps at him, glaring to drive his point home. Loki simply sighs and takes out the carton of orange juice, raising an eyebrow in challenge.
‘Oh come off it, Stevie. Why are you overthinking this?  You are absolutely crazy about him. I knew you were crazy about him before everything with Thanos happened. You weren’t the same after we left Siberia, it was like you left a part of you behind somewhere. And anyone who has seen you together in the past year knows how crazy he is over you.
Now where the fuck am I going to start with summarising all the shit that happened in – what did she call the damn thing? Oh yeah! ‘Another Chance’. What a shit name. Mind you not like ‘HYDRA Rising’ is any better. Spoiler much?
There’s silence for what feels like several minutes. Then Tony speaks, and his voice sounds like he’s holding back tears. ‘Did he tell you he asked me to see them?’
Bucky’s response is instantaneous, and his hands tighten on Loki’s waist, the metal ones digging in and he’s sure he’s going to have bruises there tomorrow. Loki surprises even himself by keeping the kiss gentle; where he’d left Peter and even Tony bright red with the passion he’d poured in, Bucky’s was different.
Do let me know what you think: what worked well and what didn't. It'll definitely affect how I do things in the future so don't be afraid to let me know what you think. I can take criticism I promise. And I really hope you liked the Spideypool! I had to make a point that everyone was concerned about the age gap seeing as Peter was so young, and I'd be interested to know what you think about how they handled it.
That makes him pause. But it does nothing to stop the pain in his chest. ‘There’s a reason I don’t let people get killed Deadpool,’ he says, tone still cold. ‘Because before Mr Stark found me I was by myself as well. I got someone close to me killed because of these abilities.’
‘You’re one to talk,’ Deadpool sighs, then puts his hands on Peter’s shoulders. ‘I’m trying to keep you safe, Spidey,’ he says quietly.
‘Oh I’m meeting someone for dinner in a bit,’ Peter replies, looking at his watch and seeing it’s six thirty. ‘I should probably make a move soon.’
‘Yeah,’ the archer replies. ‘As much as I love being here with you guys, if the world’s going to end I’d rather spend as much time with my family as possible before it does.’
‘And I’ve been getting your punk ass out of trouble just as long,’ Steve rolls his eyes, trying not to grin at the laughter he can see in Tony’s eyes.
‘My, my, miracles do happen,’ Tony smirks. ‘Come on kids, let’s get moving.’ He moves towards the wooden hut where someone is already coming out and walking towards them.
‘I think it’s several people at this stage,’ Tony huffs a laugh; then he comes over to stand in front of Peter, taking in a deep breath and placing his hands on Peter’s upper arms, looking him straight in the eye. ‘I’m not going to lie and say I’m happy about this, or that I’m going to accept it overnight. But we owe him for all our lives, and for yours a couple of times over, and we’re giving Loki a chance: so we’ll give him the same. I guess it’s the least we can do.’
Wanda helps him and Peter to their feet as Steve jogs over, he’s obviously in pain, but not to the point where Tony is going to tell him to get out of here.
‘Exactly what it sounds like, Widow,’ Wade says, ‘the fuckers have got people down here they’ve been experimenting on. Some of them aren’t in great shape either. If we don’t get them out they’re staying on this one way train to the pearly gates.’
There’s quite a few raised eyebrows in the morning when they explain to the team they’re keeping the link. But since they provide some logical reasoning no one really questions it. And if Bucky ignores Steve’s overly questioning glance, well no one other than Loki need really know, and luckily the trickster is kind enough not to question him.
‘Not about me,’ he shrugs. ‘They’ve been making opinions about me as long as I’ve been alive, and given me more nicknames than I can keep up with. But the rest of you? Yes I do care what they think of you. You heard what happened with Wanda and Vision when they first went out?’ Natasha nods, face serious. ‘I don’t want that to happen to anyone else, and I don’t want it to happen to her again. It’s not fair for her to have to stay here all the time when she’s such a great kid.’
He reaches an arm back and pulls her into a one-armed hug, pressing a quick kiss to the top of her head. ‘You are more than welcome.’
Deadpool does turn to look at him now, and Peter has to look away at the intensity in that gaze, even through two masks. ‘You better take your own advice sometime, Spidey.’ He gets up and starts walking away. ‘I should be back by next week. Try to stay out of trouble until then, Baby Boy.’
‘Didn’t want him to be the one to make me wrong about giving you that gun,’ he croaks, before his eyes slip closed again.
‘He tried to take over the world, most of the world’s population is still on the fence or hating him. And you like him? Just like that?’
doesn’t know it was your house I used to run off to when we were kids do you really think I’m going to spill something like this?’
‘I’m still processing the fact I was complaining to the head of Stark Industries about his products,’ Steve groans, putting his head in his hands. ‘I’m
Thor, Loki and Valkyrie arrive to begin the Yule celebrations; Peter finds out how Wade's been getting the Christmas sweaters sorted; and Bucky and Loki have a revealing conversation.
Peter tries to unfreeze his muscles. He knows that voice, but he can’t quite place it. ‘Uh sure thing. Do you want to take my arm?’
what he was expecting. Whatever it was, it certainly wasn’t the pure happiness that is currently taking residence there. Before he can open his mouth and ruin the moment, Steve darts forwards and kisses him hard; when the soldier pulls away they’re both breathing heavily.
Wilson?’ Clint growls, picking another knife from the block on the side. Before he can even lift his arm to throw it, the archer’s flying side-ways to land in a heap by the windows. ‘What the hell just happened?’ he groans, then his eyes go wide as he sees his attacker.
‘We’d have to take all three of them out at once, and then go after the main guy,’ Tony replies. ‘You better come up with a plan quick, Cap, because the only solution I currently have is probably going to bring this roof down as well.’
Peter had barely registered what was happening around him as he’d stayed next to Wade when he was taken to Wakanda’s infirmary, there to be watched over by the best medics T’Challa had to offer. He’d been aware enough to go to Wanda a few times though, asking if anything could be done for Vision, but in the post-battle chaos they weren’t sure. She’d told Shuri to wait until everyone else was sorted before they turned their attention to her partner and if he could be saved; Peter isn’t sure he would have had the same kind of strength as Wanda, and he’d tried to spend as much time as he could with her. Only for her to tell him to go back to the infirmary and be with Wade.
‘Not if you were listening to Wanda’s plans for decorations for the front door,’ Sam laughs as he supervises the two soldiers moving the huge tree between them.
‘Stalling?’ Tony knows that Vision doesn’t mean it to be accusatory, but he hears it anyway. Feels as though that’s all he’s been hearing recently. ‘What is it that’s making you not want to call?’
‘And he’d know seeing as he’s been around for that whole century,’ Sam adds, earning a round of laughter from everyone else.
‘Very well I shall help however I can,’ Vision responds. ‘I must also admit to some curiosity as to these new found abilities of yours.’
He can’t help giving the humanoid a hug as he passes by on his way out. ‘I’m glad you’re alright, Vis.’ He knows the humanoid is surprised and lets go, running out the door to meet Loki before he can return the hug.
Tony snaps his mouth shut and nods, and the nanites that make up his suit surge over my hand, encasing it in the gauntlet holding the stones. Raw power like you wouldn’t fucking believe fills my whole body. I thought I’d known pain before, that’s all a walk in the frickin’ park compared to this shit show.
‘Peter,’ Wanda’s voice is filled with tears and Bucky squeezes her hand again, ‘I saw the nightmares they gave you.
‘What are you talking about?’ Loki demands, voice a little strained. ‘My brother is not on this world, as you can see, so I’m not sure-’
‘No, no friends you need to turn in the other direction. Otherwise we’ll be colliding during the next stage!’ Thor’s voice booms across Loki’s concentration and the trickster grimaces, looking up from his book.
He turns and reaches up to cup Steve’s face with one hand, pressing a kiss to the soft lips. ‘One more call and I promise you I’ll make it quick. No more than ten minutes tops.’
‘That would be so cool if we could have a huge Christmas with everyone,’ he grins. ‘Do you think we’ll do Yule again? I imagine Thor and Valkyrie will want to celebrate it at New Asgard. I wonder if Loki will join them?’
‘I’m the one with the Spidey senses, I’ll be able to dodge them. Regeneration doesn’t count in this game,’ Peter points out and they head around to where they head round to where they last saw the couple.
‘None of your damn business. Now if you don’t mind I have a game to win,’ he growls, spinning around and pots his last three balls one after the other. ‘Anyone else want a game?’
‘I really don’t think he’s going to be considered cool,’ MJ scoffs, ‘this is Peter we’re talking about.’
‘I swear I tried to talk him out of it,’ Sam starts, ‘but you know what he’s like when he gets an idea in his head.’
lifetime with him. You will never be able to join him here in the land of the dead Wade Wilson. You will have one lifetime with him and then you will be cursed to forever walk the world above, never able to see him again or join him in eternal rest. You are cursed to live forever. I hope he’s worth it.’
‘Oh wow he got the full name treatment,’ Clint pipes up. ‘Now you know he’s in trouble.’ He hands Peter a beer. ‘Bottoms up kid!’
‘And you think this could be done within the time frame specified?’ one of the councilwomen asks. Tony thinks he really should learn all their names.
that his opponent was where he’d lashed out with his leg so how had his attack passed straight through them? There’s another warning and he jumps up, finding a grip on the wall as the smell of burning reaches him.
‘This sounds like an excellent alternative to combine both the hunt and the tournaments,’ Loki smiles. ‘I say we do it.’
‘I was wondering if you’d be willing to help me find something I’ve lost,’ he answers amiably, hands waving around as his nerves increase.
‘Neither did I,’ he admits. ‘But Peter looked so down when he was talking about him spending it alone, I couldn’t
I hope you enjoyed this chapter. I thought it was only a matter of time until Tony and Peter had a bit of a rocky moment in their father/son relationship. Poor Tony probably won't have any hair left soon!
Laying the groundwork for his distraction to get Bucky out should the need arise. Which was looking more likely.
up Steve!’ Tony screams, flinging the message onto a screen as his suit forms around him. ‘Hammer’s going for Peter. Get the team, get to Peter’s school. I’ll meet you there.’
‘Sure,’ Steve still looks worried, but seeing he’s a little steadier on his feet again heads to do as he asks, pressing a kiss to his forehead. ‘Just behave yourself alright?’
Not helpful with trying to work out where they are. Unless the team can find an Eva who makes excellent stew and dumplings.
‘Fuck you, lady,’ I say as I feel exhaustion take over my body, just my fucking luck. Then the world goes black again.
When it’s over and people are beginning to stand up to leave Peter all but leaps out of his chair and goes to give both May and Tony a hug; Bucky stands up as soon as he’s reached the two adults and makes his way down the stairs.
‘Well,’ Sam says, reaching for the bottle to pour them both another drink, ‘I’m glad we’re not in that situation, because I’m not sure we could have
‘The ones the people had who held me hostage, they sounded kind of like normal weapons but with a bit more power behind them. These though. They don’t sound like normal weapons, they sound more like what the Vulture had,’ his voice gets quieter towards the end, and Sam sees him hunch in on himself.
and you know last time I’d met most of them I was helping fight them. Yeah I did tell you about that it was when I went to Germany. Anyway it was all like super awkward at first, then Wanda came up and gave me this huge hug to thank me for saving her life. Which totally overplaying what I did by the way.
‘It’s alright Steve, Tony didn’t say anything about me not being able to share stories,’ Rhodes adds. ‘I’m sure we’ll find a way to balance it out.’
‘Alright I’m going to go scan the building first, then Pete I’m going to give you a spot to enter in and I need you to check the coast is clear ready for Nat to follow you. Sam and I will keep checking the outside and I’ll follow you in after.’
‘I promise I’ll work super hard to be the best superhero ever!’ she says, then runs off when her mother calls for her.
Peter chuckles. ‘I imagine it won’t be as bad as the one Nat would give me when I got back.’ He shifts nervously on his chair. ‘It’s not going to hurt is it?’
‘Let Nebula and Gamora,’ Thor groans from his place next to Natasha. ‘They should be the ones to end it.’
‘Let Loki and I focus on Wanda,’ Strange tells the team. ‘We should be able to neutralise her powers enough to be able to capture her.’
‘Nuh uh,’ Wade shakes his head. ‘Fury wanted me to take this so that it wouldn’t immediately be traced back to the Avengers and alert HYDRA that we’re onto them. We get out before all the mayhem kicks off they are
Peter sees Clint look over at Natasha and the two of them have one of their silent conversations. He’s never asked Natasha about her and Clint’s history, but he knows they’re close in a way that’s different to how they are with the rest of the team. Clint breaks their eye contact and looks down at his hands with a sigh. ‘If I’d lost Nat for the sake of a piece of rock I’m not sure what I’d have done,’ he says eventually. ‘Nebula takes the Soul stone.’ Natasha reaches over and squeezes the archer’s hand.
‘Sounds good,’ Peter smiles up at her and then hops off the desk. ‘You got anything to finish up here?’
‘It wasn’t anything too bad, Mr Stark. I just had a difficult patrol and it took a few days to get my head around it.’
He sees the hope starting to shine in the soldier’s eyes and sighs. ‘Alright,’ he nods. ‘But I warn you I’m going to be crap at this.’ The smile that lights up the blond’s face makes Tony feel that maybe sucking in his pride might be worth it. ‘First, though, I’ve got a date with the Council, and if I don’t leave soon then I’m not going to around long enough for this wonderful intervention to start.’ He manages to dart around Steve, screwing the lid of his thermos shut and heading for the door. ‘I’ll see you guys later. This time I should be more prepared for my team ambushing me.’
‘December hits and the packages start flying in,’ Sam groans as he empties his armful of packages onto the sofa next to her.
Peter wishes Strange would open a portal beneath his feet. ‘Uh…yeah, ok, Cap. Just remember I’m not particularly good at it though.’
‘Winter,’ comes the reply, the blue eyes twinkling in amusement. ‘I thought it appropriate considering the two of us.’
‘We don’t have time to be subtle,’ Steve replies, tightening the straps on his shield. ‘We go in and we get Wanda and Peter out. If we have to knock her out, we knock her out.’
Natasha raises an eyebrow at him. ‘We’ll get more information out of him on the way there,’ she says as if it’s the most obvious thing in the world. Which really, Steve realises, it should have been. ‘And anyway Fury’s given me the power to call it off at any time, and I’m happy enough with that.’
‘Please send her in,’ T’Challa says, waving away the screen that he had just been using to speak to Fury. The attendant salutes and opens the door to admit the princess, wearing a long black cape that fans out behind her, and a set of matching black trousers and shirt; her clothes are simple and yet she manages to look regal in a way that T’Challa cannot help but envy.
,’ Wade says, turning pleading eyes on him. Peter sighs but nods, gesturing for the man to continue. ‘Look I know I’ve been making comments about your arse in spandex and all that, but I’m not about to start something like this with someone who is underage alright? I just… I do have
‘Oh sod off,’ he grumbles as the other two laugh at him. ‘I’m just trying to be sensible looking out for our two youngest team members.’
‘Wong is at Kamar-Taj doing some more research and I am unsure how long he will be, I’ve put some spells up around the Sanctum that will alert me if anything enters and decided it would be better for me to be here so at least one of us will be on time.’
‘Not enough, honey bun,’ Tony laughs, ‘now I’m pretty sure we need to stop fraternising and focus on the game.’ Sam laughs and runs off and he realises this is the first time Sam’s had his wings back since coming home. And really, Tony muses, there probably wasn’t a better way for him to have returned them to him.
‘You have been spending way too much time with Tony,’ Bucky rolls his eyes. ‘Natasha’s done a brilliant job of teaching you how to use your speed and slighter build to your advantage because that’s how she fights; she’s taught you how to use your head to win a fight rather than your strength. The thing is Pete you
‘Shit, no way,’ the man pushes him back and looks at him and Peter remembers he doesn’t have his mask. Deadpool is seeing him for the first time. ‘You- you’re-’ he’s cut off by the sound of more men coming closer on the floor below them. ‘Shit. Get out of here and get your fucking mask on, Spidey. I’ll hold them up as long as I can. Old Tin Can’s holding his own for now.’
A/N: Hi everyone. I hope you're still enjoying this instalment, now the team is back together they may be able to make more progress on finding their missing members!
‘Hey!’ he hears Bucky stumble in surprise, obviously being part way through an attack when he disappeared. Hoping his senses aren’t lying to him he lets go and falls squarely onto the man’s shoulders, sending them both falling to the floor and webs the man’s arm down.
‘Oh you want me to talk about how the man who has basically been like a second father to me stabbed me in the back and tried to get me thrown out of the company, and quite possibly also ordered a hit on me? Or how about the fact that we’ve had to get rid of half the board because they were supporting him? Or the fact that they nearly killed a man trying to get what they wanted? Or how about the fact the company is about to bomb on the market because I’m about to announce we’re severely cutting our weapons production and I might cost potentially hundreds of my workers their jobs?’
Tony manages two calls before his lungs protest and he starts to cough after he hangs up on his conversation with Stark Industries’ top legal team. He gasps, reaching for the glass of water on his table, but sends it flying, the water spilling out over the table top; tears start to cloud his vision as he struggles to catch his breath.
‘The vest has enough explosives to bring the lobby down,’ the mechanical voice replies, ‘the man standing behind Peter has a similar vest.’
‘Yes sir,’ he nods as he climbs down, Bucky supports him as he finds his footing on the ground and then he helps to close the doors again.
‘Ok children, any more of that and I’ll send you to the Headmaster’s office,’ Rhodes says. ‘Powers and abilities can only be used when you are against someone who is on a similar level to you. Otherwise none can be used. All agreed?’
‘Wait!’ Strange shouts after him. Bucky feels white blinding pain shoot through his head and he stumbles, falling to his knees and, dimly, he can hear an answering shout of pain from behind him.
‘Aw man you need to go to Budapest, all the fun stuff happens there,’ the archer leans back in the chair and grins at Natasha.
Wade catches Weasel’s eye and gestures with his head to the back room and, when Peter goes up to the bar to return his glass, Weasel says something to him and takes him out the back. Giving it about half a minute, Wade hurries after them.
‘For the Accords,’ he says softly, not quite brave enough to look up at those blue eyes even in the half light that FRIDAY’s provided them with.
work through it and you will succeed. You are one of the most determined people I know, and one of the smartest. And where you struggle the rest of us will be there to help you.
Before Tony can reply there’s a knock on the door and the man in question pushes it open, a scowl on his face. ‘Tony, learn to control your damn kid and stop him from waking me up at obscene hours!’
‘Don’t make me break my promise, Tony,’ Steve pleads, ‘I told you we’d get everyone back. That includes
Steve and Bucky go to collect Peter from school and find out he's being bullied. Tony Stark does parenting, and the team settle down to a film night.
‘I’m sorry,’ Peter sobs, burying his face back into Tony’s stomach and hugging him again. ‘I’m so sorry. You’ve been like a dad to me for
think I’m not proud of you,’ then Tony does something he’ll deny to anyone who asks. He pulls Peter into a hug, only relaxing when he feels the kid’s arms wrap around his back.
‘We’re still trying to work out the full extent of the cave system,’ August replies as they approach the opening in the cliff, ‘but so far we have only found markings in the outer chambers.’
He looks back down at the man lying across several seats, blankets already wrapped around him in an effort to keep him warm.
He decides to just roll with it. ‘Why don’t I teach you? We can do it down here where no one will see and no one ever needs to know that Captain America didn’t know how to dance before this gala.’
‘We shouldn’t just have them flying around the galaxy, they need to be kept somewhere secure,’ Rhodes argues.
When he turns around he can’t resist laughing at the wide-eyed expression on Peter’s face. ‘Um… that’s a really good point. Wow I really should come and ask you about my shooters as well as Tony!’
Peter laughs, and pulls the merc into a tight hug. ‘Thanks, Pool.’ They’ve hugged before, many times when they’ve been fooling about after patrol, but this one feels different. It feels like, in the course of this conversation, they’ve crossed a bridge, and Peter’s not entirely sure which one it was.
‘The celebrations are about seeing out the old year and welcoming in the new one, we start by remembering what is gone so then we can focus on what is to come,’ Loki responds.
‘Yeah well if you need anything else checking out then give me a call, now you’ve got my number. I’ll let you know if I pick anything else up; if HYDRA start taking up residence in New York it’s only a matter of time before they try taking over the city and that means Hell’s Kitchen is on that list too. Let me know if you need help.’
Hammer’s laugh startles most of them. ‘Oh ho! I must admit, Anthony, if I knew it was going to be this entertaining I would have done this call so much earlier. Tell me: just how long have those two been fighting over you?’
‘Well we were going to be here for the next year if we waited for someone to talk sense into those two morons,’ she says with a small smile, winking at him.
‘Nice try, Wanda,’ Agatha cackles, ‘but unfortunately you seem to have forgotten one very important thing.’ Her smile turns dark. ‘I take power from the undeserving remember? Kind of my thing.’
‘Ross is calling for enhanced individuals to be registered,’ Tony picks up again, ‘it’s only a matter of time before we get restricted on our movements as well. With his links to HYDRA, I wouldn’t be surprised if it doesn’t take long for enhanced individuals to be sent to special camps for containment. All of this, because of the Accords.’
‘Tony take it off!’ Rhodes shouts. ‘Don’t you dare, you hear me? FRIDAY, ignore everything he just said!’
‘Why him, Tony?’ Steve asks as the microwave pings and he passes him the steaming bag. ‘I mean what made you want to keep him around at the beginning?’
Strange laughs. ‘If it is any consolation I have used the Time Stone to ensure all would be well today and there would be no disruptions.’
Steve reaches over and takes his hand, rubbing circles on the back with his thumb. ‘If there isn’t I’ll get you some. And when this is done, we’ll spend a whole day in bed.’
