The site of extraction was off the coast of Iceland, close enough that Tony could don the suit to get there. When he landed, however, it was clear that he wasn’t first on the scene.
He just wished he’d stop losing people. He’d done a lot of reading on survivor’s guilt over the past few years, but it didn’t really negate the feelings, just explained them.
“It will, Ms. Potts.”
“Gotta go, see you in a few,” Tony said, and winked as he turned to go.
Steve sighed, and scrubbed a hand over his face.
anyway.
“But a white background is a lot easier to see than–”
“What’s that?” Tony asked, cutting them both off. He stepped back from Pepper, still holding one of her hands, and pointed to the folder in Steve’s hands.
As per usual.
He goes down to the lab and punches in his personal code first–best that he progress through the various levels of security to assess precisely where Tony’s at on the pain and suffering scale.
“Steady,” Pepper murmured, a comfort and an order. She rubbed her thumb once, up and down, over the side of his.
...Whatever that was.
Subject: (draft)
judgmental.
Pepper made a pained noise. “Don’t be an idiot, Tony.”
Steve blinked. “That...almost made sense.”
“Is one soul, split into two. Instead, you and Stark would be like twins in the womb, one devouring the other. It may be a slow process, particularly if you only take one piece of him into you at a time, but it is not sustainable, in the end. I can begin this process, but as he gains full mastery over himself within each stone, each piece of him shall transfer straight to you—there will be no going back after this first transfer. From then on, it shall be a struggle that can only end with one of you alive, and another consumed.”
And for only the second time since he’d woken up, Bucky
“Use my override if you need to,” Steve says, but they both know that Bucky doesn’t need to; Tony built an override into his bionic arm months ago, and fuck everyone else, Bucky’s pretty sure that’s the most romantic thing he’s ever had happen to him.
On his left, Natasha straightens very slightly. “Oh,” she says quietly.
She touched his cheek, his jawline. Her fingers were callused, the nails blunt. She smelled like the same perfume she’d worn during the war, something warm and floral.
It was…unsettling.
“Gotta? Or want to?” Bucky said, side-eyeing him.
“We try. We do our best. But what about when our best isn’t enough? What if our best is a massive fuckup, that ruins a whole country, what then?”
“They appear to be trying the divide and conquer approach, sir,” JARVIS replies, “But their approach is unorthodox at best.”
"She's smart, Tony," Steve said, leaning forward towards the edge of the couch. "She's so smart, just like you. I think she'll come around faster than you think. I would, if I were her." He swallowed. “I’d just be glad to hear your voice.” He stared down at his feet. It was easier to say this now, having gotten glimpses of the warmth Tony had betrayed of himself while living in Steve's skin, but it still wasn't
Pepper opened her eyes over Tony’s shoulder and twitched. Tony immediately came to a halt, twisting back to follow her focus. “Cap,” he said, the electronic voice blank with surprise. “Were you looking for one of us?”
Steve looked up slowly, and exhaled. “Oh, wow. Good timing.”
” Helen said with disapproval. “This’ll take a couple minutes.”
Clint lights up. “Dude.”
Numb and trying desperately to organize her thoughts, Pepper stepped up to stand in front of him. “Steve. Tony. Whichever you are right now. What exactly is your plan here?”
Steve quickly learned to be thankful for Natasha Romanov.
She squeezes her eyes shut, and when she opens them again, it’s just numbers in front of her, no red in sight.
“Thor, you see him?”
Impact; Steve reeled. Raised a shield he didn’t have. Tumbled head over feet.
“I don’t trust you,” he repeats, and as Tony’s face falls infinitesimally, adds, “But I could, if you let me work with you on this.”
Natasha wiped a towel across her face, then perched herself on the edge of the boxing ring. “Oh? What do I get in return?”
“But if we don’t,” Tony said, grateful that his voice lacked critical nuance at the moment, “Will you. Will I still be your husband?”
“What about Pepper?” Steve countered. “And Morgan?” The thought of being able to bring Tony back, to bring him
“Sounds...difficult.”
Tony was probably too warm. There was very little Bucky could do about it at the moment.
. What will happen if it can’t hold you?”
And then he stopped.
Steve supposed he was right about that, at least.
Tony nodded. “I usually just go down to the workshop after. Design some new things. Break some shit.”
“Then let him go. We’ve got stuff to talk about.”
“It’s fine,” Steve said automatically.
Jane keeps seeing red, after the Dark World.
“Sounds like someone should keep that from happening. Long-range support, maybe.”
They all mull it over, standing in a weird huddle outside the shop, looking at rubble and collapsed shells of Chitauri and the first few paramedics and firemen beginning to make their way in towards the epicentre of the battle.
“Maybe both,” she suggests, and then the sparkle spreads to the most minute of Mona Lisa smiles. It makes her whole demeanour light up. Jim finds himself, despite the panic that landed him here, snorting and letting his shoulders drop. He’s always been a sucker for competence, and she is so clearly that and more.
Tony made a questioning noise, from deep in the guts of a prototype. Just because he wasn’t allowed to leave his robo-body yet didn’t mean he couldn’t work on the means of escape in the meantime. And he needed a distraction from the whole
Steve shakes his hand warily. “That’s me. Wait, did you say…?”
He huffed out a breath, and looked back. “Natasha, it was lovely to see you again, your level of terrifying is only increasing, and I respect that.”
“Super soldier metabolism,” Steve said, taking another bite of curry. Thai food was
“Connection complete,” Helen said, eyes darting over several screens-worth of readings. “Beginning the data-read.”
STABBY RUSSIAN SPY IS TEACHING YOU CULTURE WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU LOG ON TO
“Eventually,” she replied. “Rocky start—do you know that story?—but eventually, yes. I liked her a lot.”
“Of the tower? Temporary residences for visiting R&D officials and other imported lab technicians. Why?”
“Steve’s gonna hate this. Politics.”
I’m glad you were the first person I saw. It could have been so much worse, my imagination runs away from me at times, and I’ve thought of so many ways it could have been awful, so much more awful than it was, is…
“How long, exactly, are you planning on keeping me here?” he asked Fury, at one point.
They’re devouring shawarma, sitting round a dingy table in a nondescript hole-in-the-wall restaurant and doing their level best to ignore the din of the national guard and civilians crashing around them in the aftermath.
“Like Fury? No, and thank god for that,” he shuddered. “Christ, if there were more than one Fury
“Of course,” she said automatically. “We always do.”
“Yeah,” he says, because apparently Halloween is a magnanimous time for him, “Yeah, fine.”
“No, that’s...I’d rather stay here. It’s nice here. Peaceful.”
Subject: Re: hi
“I can hear you!” Tony called from the other side of the garage.
“Yes, sir.”
Steve exhaled.
“Sir, I’ve locked onto Captain Rogers.”
A hundred yards or so from the driveway, he stopped abruptly.
, and it’s...well. I get it, your thing with him.”
“I’m making sandwiches,” Sam announced. “Steve, you want one? Or maybe twelve?”
He closed his eyes. “2012.”
Basically I read
Fury made a rumbling sound deep in his throat. “Fine,” he said tersely. “You have ten minutes.”
“His workspace might be an organizational tragedy, but Tony was a great notetaker,” he commented. “Top-notch documentation, all backed up from the servers at the compound. Just don’t ask me where he keeps his spare ratchets.” He prodded his glasses back up the bridge of his nose and looked at Steve. “Do you want to let the others know that you’re going?”
“Ready,” Bruce confirmed. “You?”
“By military regulations, I shouldn’t even be making this call, Mr. Stark. Next one’s the official one.”
So obviously, working on transparent screens, with Steve right there, napping with a tablet on his chest and a notebook tucked under his thigh, in plain sight, was out of the question for Tony. Time to get his hands dirty.
Steve thought for a long moment about all the things he wanted to say, and felt overfull with them, unable to choose one. Because when Tony had shown him his room, he’d looked at the massive expanse of empty space, devoid of character, clean and sterile, and it was like looking at a blank canvas, full of nothing but what Steve could want, free of expectations, and open to whatever things, old and new, he chose to place there.
Steve picked up after the fourth ring. “You need something, Stark?” His voice sounded thick, like he had a cold.
Well, great.
This was all laid out for him while Ethan tore through Brooklyn because apparently the window in which this all could happen was closing fast. Something about timed internal security. Clint was having enough trouble trying to reacquaint himself with the headspace of William Brandt without worrying about much beyond his own set of tasks.
“Okay. Second theory?”
“How are you feeling?” Steve asked, as he took the bottle away.
“We’re spread too thin this way,” Steve says, “Iron Man, what’s the ETA on SHIELD support?”
“Tony?”
“I need to see this,” Clint says gleefully.
“Pretty sure that’s not the type of data I’m looking for. I’m just thinking about the Aether.”
Steve snorted.
“I’m fine, sir,” Steve said. He’d fallen into parade rest in front of Fury’s desk, and he decided to stay that way.
Steve didn’t wake at all; he just pushed his cheek a little deeper into the pillow, and exhaled in a gust. He looked not unlike how he had directly after the final battle with Thanos—hollowed out, relieved.
Steve just blinked at him. “And what’s that?”
Steve gave him a sharp look, but didn’t speak further. The doors slid open to reveal a broad, empty apartment with basic furnishings, and very little else.
“Holy shit, it’s the ghost of debriefings past,” Clint says.
Coulson gave him a long look. “There’s a car out front. Please come with me.”
“Pepper! The man hasn’t had swordfish!”
to things was always Natasha’s undoing, Steve knew well. Tony of course had no idea, and he again missed how she rolled her eyes before hiding a fond smile and then taking Clint by the ear to steer him out of the conference room. Bruce and Thor followed in varying shades of bemusement.
Steve looked at his hands. “Huh,” he said.
His phone beeped.
Steve looked up at her. “When’d that happen?”
The physician shrugged. She was clearly one of Bowers’s staff. “Call me if anything happens.”
“He deserved more time,” Steve murmured.
“Can I...can I help?”
“You were drilling yesterday too?” Steve feels like he should have noticed that, though in fairness he’d been at the studio most of the time that day and then worked at the bar until 1am before returned exhausted to his place.
“You don’t have to do anything,” she shrugged. “Seems like you’re even.”
“I should probably just get Strange to push me out and leave it at that.”
“I should never have let you have access! Traitor!” Tony turns to Steve. “I was five. This is totally excusable.”
That was enough to wake him fully. He clung to the afterimage of the words, tried to hold them in the foreground of the telescoping, yawning abyss of his own consciousness, but he was stretching wide, too wide in the endless depths, he’d fall apart if he wasn’t careful.
“JARVIS?”
Steve knew the instant Tony disengaged. “No. Come on,” he said, plaintive, knee falling and hitting the stone dais, staining the uniform scarlet.
“No, he didn’t.”
“Please,” he repeated, and then Tony’s hand was in his, Pepper leading the way, and his feet knew the way even if he couldn’t quite keep up, and then, then, he was home.
“You were there when I…?” he gestured again, shaken.
“I can’t tell whether that’s a symptom of ego or just an appreciation of good work, then,” Tony says. He studies the figure on the table. “Thoughts, JARVIS?”
“I haven’t heard you lecture anyone like that, ‘sides me,” Steve comments. “You got a soft spot for Tony, or something?”
Natasha’s gaze sharpened on him. “Oh,
“I’m impatient!”
Tony went back to work.
He tried to return the smile; he suspected it only came out half right. “Thanks for putting me up all this time. I’ll get out of your hair when this is done.”
Steve punched in the coordinates, and lurched into the quantum realm.
They shook hands, and Tony stepped in close. He slipped the new Starkphone into his hand, and the tablet into the inside pocket of Steve’s jacket. Steve’s breath hitched when Tony’s knuckles brushed his chest.
“Neither time nor death itself can change it,” Tony agreed. “Hug?”
“Can I help you?”
The Mind Stone wasn’t hard to pass off. In the chaos of Loki taking off with the Tesseract, Steve rolled it into the crowd surrounding 2012 Tony Stark, who rolled over onto his stomach and onto it after Thor restarted the arc reactor, frowned, and then pocketed the thing like it was a spare money clip.
He sat, and let himself watch her sort through the piles. She really was extraordinarily beautiful, particularly with her hair down, in a sloppy collared shirt and gray trousers. He’d always been struck by her assurance, the solidity of her bearing even when striding around in stilettos. No wonder Tony had trusted her with everything.
his time as a HYDRA asset.
He could have asked for more time, he supposed. It had already been nearly a month of staying at the lake house (getting used to making breakfast for Morgan, helping Bruce with construction, swapping stories with Rhodes, talking and planning with Pepper—Pepper, Tony’s
The child lets go of his wrist to flatten a scale-and-metal palm on the arc reactor.
“Because you’re an idiot,” Bucky said, adjusting his grip around his waist.
Steve snorted. “I’m thinking,” he started, then shook his head. “I think I’m just enjoying the moment.” He finally turned, and drank in the sight of Tony, whole and human, reactor in his chest aglow, all of him
Steve exhales. He supposes that he isn’t so nervous about class anymore.
“Seriously?” Tony says.
“Galactus. Worse beyond measure.”
Steve figures he’d best go along with that.
“Your grip, of course,” Tony grinned into the dark.
“That you actually liked him. The whole ‘helpful’ thing was a clue, but you never know. Anyway, I’m glad you went out, because I try to generally stay clear of him—I stabbed him with a syringe last time we worked together and he’s still bitter, even though it kept him alive for long enough to save himself,” she said, unwrapping athletic tape from her knuckles. “I try to be accommodating when I’m without outside instructions. Besides, I like him best in small doses.”
? Totally different ball game.”
Bucky pushed him. Steve let himself stumble over a couple of paces, chuckling.
Steve and Tony, of course, continued to snipe back and forth, oblivious.
To: tstark@starkindustries.com
Steve, as it turned out, liked spicy food a great deal.
“That’s...not exactly the kind of residual energy you’re drawing on,” Natasha said slowly. "You didn't know?"
Unable to sleep, he headed out to the porch. Stood out there and breathed, and breathed, and felt for a long moment like he was falling apart.
“Look at this.”
“Pepper…” He couldn’t find the words.
“SHIELD. They’re being processed and all the xenolinguists are scrambling to figure out how to communicate.”
“You sure about going with Fury?”
“I think we can manage the toaster,” Pepper said. “But let me get you a coffee. Sit.”
“Natasha?
Steve looked up from his tablet. “About...you?”
“Hah!”
“You were important to him.”
The three agents shook their heads.
“Before you—that is, before, we...do you mind if I—?”
you’d
“I’m fine,” Tony yells from somewhere beyond the usual worktables. “Leave me alone.”
“I can’t say that he did.”
“I cook!”
“I’m not qualified,” Steve murmured.
and then Tony said, “Ow! Fuck! Uh, I mean, yeah, I guess. You didn’t hear us?”
He didn’t like not being able to see Tony’s face, either. Tony masked his expression with the best of them, but what he felt still leaked out the sides sometimes, and that was a rarity in the company Steve had been in the past couple of weeks. Tony, it was clear, cared about what happened to Steve—though precisely why, Steve didn’t know.
Tony ignored him.
The stones felt heavy in their case. Steve gripped the handle of it tightly, and stepped onto the platform.
“Hm. What’d you do in a past life to deserve him?” she asks, and there’s the smallest sparkle in her expression, like she knows how he’ll respond.
Natasha raises an eyebrow. “Are you meant to be?”
Death was...not how Tony expected it to be. For one thing, he expected a lot more...nothing?
“I choose,” she said carefully, “To keep Tony’s people close. All of them, even the ones he wasn’t sure were his people. Because I think if I give it long enough, they’ll become my people, too. Mine, and Morgan’s. And that won’t make what he gave up worth it, but it will make it better.”
Steve’s face goes soft. Tony hates it when that happens; it means that he is no longer in control of what happens next.
How do you even? Ugh.”)
“‘Us’…?”
“No, it won’t be me for the test. We’re just gonna practice with some lasers first. Should be a fun light show.”
Pepper stopped abruptly in the middle of the hall, and raised an eyebrow, “Tony?”
The whole suit of Tony ignited. Electrical arcs in all colors, like the Stones were all still there. But, Steve thought wildly, all that power was
again, and in our general direction, of all things. God, you should have felt what it was like, being in his skin. It was...”
“If you can call it from the immortal realm, Man of Iron, you are welcome to it,” Thor says, grinning.
Bucky nodded. He’d read the file. “Two more hours,” he said, “And it’ll be safe to break cover.”
“What was the intel?” Tony asked.
whole
She thought a moment. “We were at your lake house, after?”
“You’ve had access to his mind,” Natasha pointed out. “What does he actually want?”
He slipped into Peggy’s office. Sat down gingerly in the guest chair. Waited.
She nodded. “Yes, I put him at the end of the hall. I can...let me make sure everything’s…” She drifted off. Of course everything was still there. But.
“I second that,” Bruce says.
Bucky nodded. “Maybe. Was still a boneheaded move.”
“Nothing,” Tony answered. He came up to stand at the railing, his shoulder just brushing Steve’s. “It’s more what you can do for yourself.”
” Sam complained. “I spend an arm and a leg getting my house back after five years of being dusted, and you just
feelings about asbestos.
“Okay,” Bucky mutters finally, when they’re back in the tower, “This has got to stop.”
“After that,” Tony replies, “Well, I guess I have three years to make up for, huh?”
He winced. “Right. Of course.”
“Hasn’t that been what we’ve been doing? Or are you holding back on me, Stark?”
“Thank you? Sorry?”
“All the other refugees were ignoring her!” Steve bursts out. “Him. It. I’m…not actually sure. But they kept shoving it to one side, and then grabbing at the mechanical parts of it, like they were trying to take them off, and I’m pretty sure they’re not supposed to come off, they’re fused to the skin, and it kept wandering off to look at the interfaces on the helicarrier and flinching when the others came near, and I just–”
Clint shrugs. “Why not?”
“Your timing is impeccable, as always,” Tony said. He looked over at her. “I asked him.”
Tony nodded, barely noticing as the room was once again emptied. The silence was heavy when it came down, though, enough that he noticed that he was cold out of the armour, and that Cap’s hand was actually
He jerked his head in farewell and sauntered out.
One more low blow received in NYC hardly registered at this point.
“I’m not,” Steve wheezed. “I’m not sorry at all.”
“I like this guy,” Dean declares.
“Both?” Steve suggested, as he settled. The shadows under his eyes had eased slightly, but he still looked a little consumptive, like he’d been through some sort of terrible fever that had only just broken. “Had a weird start, and then between Buck going to Wakanda and then both of them losing five years in the Snap, they kinda missed each other for a while, and then came back together with a lot more in common than before. Seems like they’re playing catch-up now.”
“Try me,” Natasha said, raising an eyebrow invitingly.
But then they come back from taking out Doombots, and Tony’s gauntlet won’t come off.
“God, I hope not,” Steve blurted.
“Shame. I hear he’s pretty excellent in bed, which is surprising, considering all the money. But Pepper’s only given glowing reviews, and that was
“I mean,” Steve said, thrown off, “I’ve always thought so?”
“He got under your skin, huh?” Bucky says, with a crooked smile.
Tony smiled. “Hiya, Cap,” he said, jovial and joking. “Ready to blow that popsicle stand?”
and then a warm hand closes around the back of his neck.
Before he can, though, they’re interrupted.
Holy shit.
“It’s really easy to lose track of what you’re concentrating on,” Steve says gently. “Particularly when you’re doing all your work on a clear window?”
“Sir, Agent Coulson to see you.”
He pulled back and punched the herald in the temple. With the gauntlet.
“Don’t be sorry. We’ve got no damn clue what to do with you, Rogers, and it’s pretty clear that you have no idea what to do with yourself. Why don’t you talk to someone to try and work out a game plan?”
which meant that he was there in the living room, quietly working on his tablet, making it exceedingly difficult for Tony to concentrate on anything but the possibilities of him.
“I don’t think that can be taken a complimentary way, Buck.”
“I thought so. Sam’s good people.”
He let it be, and tried to get on with things.
Tony finally looked back at Fury, who was glaring daggers at him. Tony found he didn’t care.
Oh no. “Stark, I am warning you—”
Fury had narrowed his eye. “You don’t seem surprised.”
“I don’t think Kubler-Ross prepared me for this eventuality,” she said, and oh god, she hated when her voice trembled like that, it was the worst—
“Well,” Peggy said slowly, “It’s years yet, isn’t it? You’ve got time.”
Barely ten minutes later, there was a reply.
he omits.
disaster!”
She went upstairs on auto-pilot, and he clanked behind. Steve’s room was very tidy, and he apparently had never transferred his clothes from his suitcase into any of the closets or drawers, which Pepper found herself disproportionately upset about. She busied herself turning back the covers on his bed, smoothing down the quilt. When she stepped back, Tony set him down in the center of the mattress with an ease and familiarity that Pepper associated with Morgan’s bedtime, and the connection was both so jarring and so correct that she was stunned for a moment.
“Earn my five bucks, Steve,” Tony said, gently. “Where do you see yourself, a year from now?”
I’ve missed so goddamn much, Tony
A gruff voice he hadn’t heard in nearly twenty years resonated through the speakers. “Mr. Stark, this is Captain Bowers. Do you remember me?”
Bruce did a spit-take into his orange juice. Pepper made a very unladylike snorting noise and slapped Rhodes’s bicep. “Jim!”
he asked eventually.
“Define ‘look’.”
“No,” Pepper argued, “You don’t have to, we were just—”
“I put my name out because I was willing to be accountable,” she had said, eyes still damnably warm, but also sad. “I stand by that. I stand by the reasons behind it. I joined SHIELD before, remember? I stand by that, too.”
“Okay. Back in a bit. Ready, Bruce?”
The War Machine clanks heavily on the approach, and she turns and raises an eyebrow at him.
She let out a slow breath, and nodded. “Back in the black.”
“Definitely something,” she agreed. She felt a little like she was going to come out of her skin. She hadn’t had that sort of charged human contact since Tony had died, and she hadn’t really appreciated how much she’d missed it. She’d gone without for long periods often enough in the past; but then Tony had happened, and he was a naturally intimate person when he chose to be. He’d chosen her wholeheartedly, in the end, and she’d gotten so used to it, used to him and his habits of closeness.
“What clearance level is he at then, sir?” Coulson asked. “Four?”
Morgan nodded, blithe and so goddamn resilient. Pepper collected her plate and utensils and took them to the sink for her own sake more than the sake of cleanliness, where over the water running she could hear Jim say, “It’s okay to miss him, Cap.”
He tried to obey, finding the rhythm of the song, the walking bass and the syncopated, delicate treble.
“It’s getting dangerous,” Natasha says. “Also, there are important people involved.”
“What, no dinner first?” Tony says, but his voice is a little wavery. He’s looking at the both of them with wide eyes.
“And believe it or not, SHIELD wants you happy and functional,” Natasha replied. “We just have differing opinions of how we might achieve that."
“Dunno,” Bucky said after a pause, “I’m kinda wishing I hadn’t missed the whole ‘Merchant of Death’ stage of your life, it sounded like a hell of a ride.”
Steve stretched his neck and felt out where a bruise was fading on his jaw—Natasha had gotten him with a solid right hook. “Was that the expo incident?”
“But I’d already forgiven him,” he exclaimed. “It’s all out of order!”
“Good.” Her smile was crooked but warm. “I’ve put you upstairs at the end of the hall. Let me know if you need anything. It’s early, but I think I’m going to put Morgan to bed and call it a day.” She kissed Rhodes on the cheek. “Thanks.”
It’s when Natasha says shit like that that Clint wonders what the hell she did before she became a cop.
“Does he seriously talk like this all the time?” Green Eyes asks.
Outside, he hummed along to the tune on Peter Quill’s headphones with easy familiarity.
You didn’t tell me Wanda did that to you, Steve thought hard. You didn’t—
“Good. Dismissed.” Fury handed off one of those glass boards to Hill. “Show him to his quarters please, Agent Hill.”
Because of course he did.
Steve attempts not to flush. It’s a losing battle. He had really not counted on the Faculty of English Studies to contain people like
“Hey, Tash.”
“And what’re
“Mrs. Potts,” Stephen said, with just as much deliberation, “You stood with all of us on the day the universe nearly died. We’re already all your people.”
“So show us his hand.”
She looked at him, her eyes like a sunset, fathomless. “I’m dead in your universe, Steve.”
“Bucky!” Steve squawks, “You can’t just–”
taste?”
Even when I didn’t want to go, I was relieved to, because it meant I knew what to do. How did Tony—I want to take his advice, I want to know what that’s like, to be able to build something, something
“It’s always worse when there’s nothing to come down from,” Tony mutters.
“Director Carter.”
“Thanks.” He took a sip. He didn’t love beer, but he appreciated the gesture. “What’re your plans, now?”
“I’ve noticed,” Bucky said dryly. “You do realize that in doing that, you also let me look you up?”
“She said she was working on it, we might not have to do anything. But I think—that is, if you don’t mind, I’d like to stick around. Just in case.”
“Well,” Pepper said, picking up her glass again and taking a long sip, “That’s a good place to start, then. Tony had help; so will you.”
Tony sighs, and tips his head forward. “Nothing. Nothing fixable, anyway.”
From: sgrogers@gmail.com
“Yeah,” Steve said, with a sense of weary inevitability. “Yeah, I should call the team.”
right now!” Helen protested. “Until five minutes ago, I didn’t believe in the human soul!”
A couple of weeks passed before the inevitable happened—an emergency situation in the city, followed by the intervention of Iron Man.
“Yes,” Tony says. “And what precisely…?”
“Tell me about it. I’m a ball of energy living inside a nanoparticle suit. Life’s fucking weird, nowadays.”
Tony had raised an eyebrow. “Dad never did anything with the company that wasn’t at least somewhat profitable.”
“What?”
“You haven’t. Tony’ll figure it out.” He closed the case with the five Stones left inside, and looked at his watch. “I’ve gotta get to Stark Tower to hand off the Mind Stone. Tony, I hope you can figure out how to finish getting out of there by the time I hand it off.”
“Can’t say I envy him,” Bowers nodded. “Tough bind.”
Yeah, he was ‘fine’ all right.
Tony made a garbled sound.
He did, without ceremony.
“You usually don’t sleep this much. We’ll buy you a desk for when you’re back in fighting shape.”
They were going to drive each other nuts. It was going to be great.
She smiled, a little smug. “I’ll admit that I have a lot of transferable skills applicable to my current position.” She leaned over and kissed him on the forehead. “Take care of yourself. It’s good to see you, and I wish I could do so more often.”
“I wasn’t—”
Pepper was well-versed in sharing significant looks with Rhodey. They practically had their own language now, a choice range of eyebrow raises, eye flicks, and mouth twists that had in the past been almost exclusively used to talk about Tony when he was being especially himself.
Natasha huffed. “Not really, is the thing. We had luck. The right combination of small decisions, and big ones. But that’s not what people will assume.”
“That’s what I said, didn’t I? Ask me some better questions.”
not emotionally compromised), Helen and Tony explained what had happened.
Tony banked to cut along 34
She smiled. Then she cocked her head. “You’re still in contact with Stark?”
Steve slept like he was drowning, heavy and always sinking down further into the dark. He thought at varying points that he was maybe coming close to waking—he was aware of a sunrise at one point, and almost opened eyes to see it—but then something in his bones would pull him back down into black.
he typed.
“What do you mean?”
, but: I want to kiss you extremely, desperately badly right now,” Tony said, breaking through the sudden haze in Steve’s awareness. “However, I promised Pep I wouldn’t until she was around.”
“Oh good.”
“Amazing. Love you. Go back to sleep.”
She looked around at the foreign emptiness, the nothing that Tony had grown accustomed to over the past few weeks. "I hope you're right," she said. Her eyes seemed to track and catch on things Tony couldn’t see.
Steve showered and changed and considered going straight to bed, but his stomach would be eating itself by midnight if he did that, so he grabbed sweatpants and a shirt and came back down to the smell of spice and milk.
“Or,” the Ancient One replied, “He transfers into a willing host. One with whom a channel can be, or already has been forged.”
Steve drifted off almost instantly. When he started to list to one side, Tony caught his head and shoulders and eased him down onto a pillow, and after that Steve did the rest of the work of tucking his legs up onto the couch. He looked not quite peaceful, but younger than he had in awhile. Tony sighed.
“Maybe a little,” she admitted. “Do you mind?”
“I see that.” Steve smiles a bit.
Steve has been working himself up to making some sort of announcement for about a week and a half when suddenly Tony and Bucky are outed on national television, at which point all of his planning goes out the window in favour of an overabundance of righteous indignation.
“So you should probably examine why you can’t do that in this case. I suspect it has something to do with the fact that you care about Steve Rogers as a person.”
Asgard was easy enough. Frigga guided them through the palace with kindness and a soft smile, and even accepted Mjolnir back with good grace.
“Please,” Steve said, without meaning to.
Steve flinched, caught suddenly in a sense-memory that wasn’t his own, one that smelt and was steeped in the hue of cinnabar and death. “Not willingly,” he managed.
Tony put down his glass.
“Legally dead, and also...” Steve winced, and gestured at Tony.
“Ugh. Point.” Tony subsided, muttering to himself. He moved to stand and walk away, and Steve felt himself curl his hand more firmly around the back of Tony’s knee, urging him to stop.
“It’s not acceptable to me.”
“What else, what else...I can speak, I can move, depending on how you define movement. So, motor functions, for a certain value of them, are in check.” He snapped his fingers, then pointed at Steve. “Can’t time jump, can’t change reality, can’t read your mind.”
The morning the femto-particle test was meant to take place, something finally got through.
“Take up the shield again, you mean,” Steve said. “I don’t know if this is the time or place for that.”
The Stones seemed dull within the broken glove, like they were tired. Or maybe Steve was projecting.
“Or not, as the case may be,” Tony snickers.
“I do,” Steve admitted. Pepper had very thorough in her environmental reading assignments. He had
movie, the even scarier one. Tony’s going to be the Terminator.
Steve nodded. He’d seen the notes on Tony’s drinking history. Still, Tony was here, and he had been willing to talk, had probably sought Steve out to share this with him. He was farther along than Steve was, and that was encouraging. Even now, Steve felt better for having said something, even if the saying had been painful.
“Thought I was over it,” he murmured. “What with everything he’s put us through. Guess not.”
“…Yeah,” Clint says, and has the fleeting but desperate thought that he really should have gotten Steve to do this. “I’m thinking JARVIS was right on the money here.”
“What is this place?” Steve asked. “It’s not—”
“Yup. Hold tight. This might suck.”
“Nothing on my plate, except an appointment at one,” Steve said. “I can meet you in the cafeteria afterwards?”
nothing I don’t expect from shield
“You’re here…early.”
“Are you supposed to be telling me this? You work for SHIELD.”
He didn’t know how to expend everything whirling inside him. He flicked through the drafts of interfaces, and picked one at random. “Dr. Cho, when you’re done taking readings from Captain America, can I get your take on a couple of designs?”
“He won’t let you go, anyway,” Natasha observed, “if the fact that he can reach all the way in here is any indicator.”
“If it’s so shoddy, then we’ll be out in a flash,” Bucky reasoned. He looked again at Tony’s profile, just barely visible in the darkness. “You shouldn’t have come out,” he observed. “You shoulda said something if you weren’t feeling fit.”
Natasha snorted. “So he was there?”
Steve just looks at him steadily. “And what’s that?"
Pepper paused. “What definition of ‘fine’ are you using right now?” she said, sounding a little more concerned.
“Pep’s trying to have a normal dance with a bucket of bolts—”
“Yes,” JARVIS agrees.
“Set the table with me?” she suggested. “Helen, want to grab the salad?”
“How did he?”
“Is a magician!” Tony protested. “And also told me to die for the good of the universe, so fuck him!”
Steve grinned into his pillow, which smelled of Pepper’s shampoo and Tony’s aftershave. “Don’t mind if I do.”
Bruce breaks the silence. “We might,” he concedes. “But I wouldn’t mind waiting a while before confirming that.”
Steve wondered what Tony’s angle was, because he knew that there had to be one—Fury was somewhat easier to read, not because he was in any way transparent, but because Steve knew a military chess master when he saw one, and Fury fit the bill.
“It’ll work. I already promised the Ancient One you’d fix it.”
They very well might be poisonous. They’re the colour of chestnuts, mottled fine, like feathers. The tendons in his fingers are near black beneath his hand guards.
She swept out, leaving him there with the half-full pot of tea still steaming.
She huffed, rolling her eyes. Steve raised his hands. “I don’t really…”
“What the hell just happened?” Rhodes demanded. “You were just—”
For levynite's prompt: "Marvel, neighbour why are you doing some kinda renovation at 6am while singing la cucaracha, oh hello you're hot"
He got his hands under him, and pushed himself slowly, painfully upright. A glass was pressed into his hands. He put it to his lips.
Tony worried.
Rhodes stared down at them, flipping up his faceplate. “That’s it?”
He saluted over his shoulder. “Trying something new, Director,” he called back. “I’ll be in touch!”
“You’re seriously leaving me here with this guy?” Sam said, jerking his head in Bucky’s direction.
“How?” Steve asked, a little hoarsely.
“Interesting,” Bruce says.
, Steve thought, in blank horror. It’s like that
strong, which he appreciated at the moment.
“I’ll do my best.” Jane smiles at her.
“Yes,” Steve agreed. It had been an education, comparing those dossiers to the textbooks and scholarly volumes Ms. Potts had been shunting his way.
“You left Steve out,” Natasha says. “He’s very hurt.”
Tony hung up the phone, and stuffed it in his pocket. “Pepper, I’m gonna have to cancel on the next meeting.”
“It’s not user-friendly.”
“Possibly. But you must think on something too, Captain Rogers, while I deal with your colleague: what are you willing to lose, in exchange for Tony Stark’s soul?”
Steve froze. “Um.”
“It doesn’t make any sense.” He shook his head. “And when I tried to dig deeper, I felt bad about it and stopped.”
Startled, Steve nodded. “That would be great.”
He didn’t try to fight it. Less than a day’s worth of carrying Tony in his head and his chest, and he felt like someone had pulled out all of his internal organs, drained and cleaned them, and then set them back inside him in slightly new positions. Early childhood memories of priests proclaiming the benefits of cleansing with holy fire came to mind.
They all look over at him. He looks faintly surprised, and then shrugs. “It’s just…your first thoughts–both of you–was marriage. That doesn’t even technically work–official name changes take a while to file, and even longer for those things to work their way into passport information. You claimed to be on your honeymoon–that doesn’t make any chronological sense. Marriage should have been the last thing to think of, given the circumstances.”
“What can I say, I’m the type of guy who throws pennies out my car window,” Tony said, sidling up. “Nasty things. Cost more to make than to use, that’s just inefficient.”
“I concur,” Natasha says.
“Hey!” Steve protested. Tony ignored him.
Tony was at his desk, for once, when Fury called.
Tony adjusted his grip, all too aware that their current position was faintly…compromising.
“Wow, Barnes,” he says. “Hidden depths, there.”
“This doesn’t explain how–”
Hill had given them curt nods, before climbing into a van that would presumably go to some kind of backup helicarrier or something. Tony wouldn’t put it past Fury and his creepy long cons.
He was close enough to touch, but he wasn’t—didn’t—breathe. The arc reactor in his chest glowed the same as always. But the suit was
Thor brightens. “There are
They all turn.
“‘Always’...? Steve.” She closed the door of her office firmly enough that the handle rattled; he sat heavily and she stood looking at him for a long moment before stepping forward and slowly lowering herself down to study him. “Should you be telling me this?”
“Obviously. But is it to
“Should be routine,” she dismissed. “Very familiar territory.”
“‘Or something’,” Tony said, bumping his shoulder against Steve’s as he passed him and stepped onto the disengage unit. The armor came off in pieces as he walked. He wrinkled his nose at the Ferragamo suit, now thoroughly crumpled, that he was left in. “Ugh, my dry cleaners are gonna hate this. You couldn’t have called when I was out of the office?” He went over to the elevator and stepped inside. Then he looked over at Steve, who had a slightly shellshocked look about him. “Chop chop, Rogers, get your head in the game.”
“You brought this upon yourself,” Natasha says, clapping him hard on the shoulder while Tony disappears downstairs without saying a word. They’ve only just come back from a massive tiff with HYDRA, in which Tony managed to get both a subway platform and half the Hudson dumped on him, and that can mean nothing good, in Bucky’s book. He sighs.
“The Stones,” Natasha replied. “Where else? Their power pervades the universe. They
Tony froze. Looked wide-eyed at Pepper, and then shook himself. “Seriously? Fury’s gonna be
“You’re a real piece of work, aren’t you?” Steve breathes, and Tony hadn’t realized that he’d tipped his head further forward to rest on the mail of Steve’s shirt. He moves to pull back, but Steve’s hand keeps him in place.
“And what’s that, precisely?” Steve muttered, watching him go.
“I think I could have,” he said. “But I wasn’t—I don’t think I was paying enough attention.” Something complicated pressed itself against the inside of his ribs. He shushed it.
“Pie is the best,” Dean says, making a face like,
“You know what they want us to do, right?” Tony says. His eyes are smudged black with exhaustion, his temples are sticky with stale sweat. His hands are trembling around the crystal in his hand, the scotch inside rippling like a slow, unending earthquake.
she fired back with a raised brow.
There weren't any more holes in the world.
The Ancient One seemed to be staring both into and past him, as if perceiving mechanisms beyond his ken. “That changes things considerably.” Her eyes narrowed, and then she stood. “But we’re growing short on time. Stark, you have approximately half an hour to form yourself into something movable within the Time Stone before I must take it back, with or without you still inside it.”
Steve suppressed a flinch. “Call me Steve, please. I’m not exactly Captain America at the moment.”
“Does it look like I give a shit?” Tony snaps, landing hard on the cobblestones and pushing an extended repulsor blast in a long, burning arc across the chest of one of the bots.
“Enough, Stark. This situation is delicate, and you have all the subtlety of a dump truck. Take it easy, or we’re cutting you off.”
A cold, clammy hand clamped down on his arm. Tony froze.
“This could have made it a lot shorter. We might have understood you, a little more. Tony, especially. He knows—knew—what it was like. The struggle of looking forward.”
For shinkonokokoro's prompt: "Can we pretend I didn't just say that?"
By contrast...
Less nice maybe that it was caused by Sam’s pointed, low-key razzing of everything from Bucky’s hair to his suit to his general everything, and Bucky’s narrow-eyed retorts that might at some point escalate into an attempt at putting Sam into a headlock, but. Steve would take his amusement where he could get it.
“That,” Clint interrupts, “That right there. You can stop.”
Tony wanted to ask, and didn’t. “How’s SI?” he asked Pepper instead.
“You are completely bonkers, are you sure the ice didn’t—“
The whole suit seemed to lighten a little around him. “Oh. I mean, yes. That sounds good. Yeah.”
“Creative, though,” Steve pointed out. “And maybe more believable. Marginally.”
Helen Cho had many ideas. And also many complaints.
“Oooh, middle America gon’ be
Natasha threw punches, gave solid (if noncommittal) advice, and answered questions about memes and k-pop.
“1949.” The kid backed away. “September 1949. You should get your head looked at, mister.”
“Except, see, they aren’t supersoldiers. They haven’t got special powers, they’re not gods or heroes, they’re just
“Exactly my feeling,” Steve said, relieved to have it spoken aloud.
“A thing.” It was amazing how Pepper could transmit a raised eyebrow across a voice-only call.
“Yeah, well. I just hope the suit can hold me for long enough to see this all blow over.”
“Unfortunately.”
Steve nodded, and made his retreat.
The back of his hand itched where he’d tucked it into the warmth of Steve’s jacket.
“What is?”
Tony waves a hand to indicate the irrelevance of that.
Tony knows better than to ask. “Fair enough.” He claps Thor on the shoulder. “Right, have you only had one kind of pie so far?”
Her face twists suddenly.
“I miss you, too.” Her hand found the back of his neck and scratched at the small hairs there. It was the best thing he’d felt in months, years. “But I have work to do here. Good work, challenging work. Most men are idiots, but some of them have wised up enough to know that they ought to listen to me.”
“Tony–”
“Undermining it doesn’t count as working on it,” Tony says finally, the edge in his voice only somewhat softened.
“You’ve got no damn idea. Captain Rogers, I’m willing to give you more slack if you need it—hell, you want an allowance, we can talk about that—but I think you need to appreciate the position both you and I are in. You know people’ve kept looking for the serum, right?”
She mulled that over. “You should stay,” she concluded. “Uncle Happy and Uncle Rhodey are staying, too. So you should stay.”
“Oh yeah? Good for him. Thanks, honey.” Pepper picked her up and swung her onto her hip with the ease of long practice.
“He’s...I mean the readings are all fine,” Bruce said, darting around the control panel. “He returned the Stones, but—”
“Not yet.”
“They can wait another day, if you need it. Time travel’s convenient that way.”
“Jesus Christ, Cap, can’t you give a guy some privacy?”
He startled when Tony's hand came down on his shoulder, a heavy, cool weight.
“Yeah. And lots of ‘guys’ have tried to make themselves into Captain America.” She punched him in the shoulder. “Since Brooklyn didn’t work out, maybe you should consider another option, huh?”
“What do you need us to do?”
“What if he’s not?” Steve says, very quietly.
The suit turned. “Yeah, it’s me. Or, you know, as much of me as there can be, given the whole disembodiment thing.”
Steve swallows. “He is.”
“That’s all on you,” Natasha said. “I doubt it was on purpose, but I appreciate the assist, all the same.”
“I told you I gave him a project, and yes, you may,” Pepper murmured. She cocked an eyebrow at Steve. “You finished with your research?”
He tossed a picture into Clint’s lap.
“Steve and I were discussing whether you’d be amenable to us taking you to bed. Possibly more than once. Possibly regularly.”
She didn’t let go of his hands, for which he was pathetically grateful.
Steve just shrugged. “Will that be all, Director?”
“Nowadays, it’s an excuse for adults to dress up and act like children,” Natasha says.
“They’ll come looking for
“Right. Um. Okay. Leave it open, will you? Just until the power goes on? I might have a thing.”
extract him?”
“That’s the gauntlet,” Clint says.
“He’s right, you know,” Pepper says, striding through the room. “You only like the interactive glass because you used to work on it in Malibu, where the only thing you could see through the glass was clear ocean and a bright sky. It doesn’t work in New York, Tony, get over it.”
After dinner, it was too late to excuse himself, or even figure out where he was going next. Sam and Bucky had headed to DC after the funeral, and he could join them, but.
“What sort of offer?”
“It’s just me,” Steve said, a little helplessly. “Telling you that I miss the friend I had. Who I should have kept closer.”
Saw Peggy today. She’s just the same. Sometimes, at least. I hadn’t wanted to look for her, knowing how much time’s passed, and I’d looked up Dum Dum and Morita already and couldn’t
“Tony, I’m sorry, this doesn’t have to become an issue–”
“Photo, bottom drawer of the second tool drawer in the workshop,” Bruce says, backing away towards the hall.
The briefing was incredibly rushed–Hunt had tried his best not to call Brandt unless it was absolutely necessary because it meant revealing the fact that he
“Above and beyond is what I do,” Tony said, clapping him on the shoulder. He paused. “You know, I was prepared to hate you, after I got over the shock of seeing you alive and kicking. I told you that me and the old man had a complicated relationship, and you were part of that. But uh…you’re all right, Steve. I’ve been glad to help you, this whole time.”
He whirled around. The streets were emptied, everyone taking shelter. No one saw him. For the first time since before Rebirth, he felt the unmistakable symptoms of a migraine coming on.
“Fair enough.” Bruce smiled slightly. “Know what that’s like.”
Maria Hill stressed the importance of said text books.
Captain Bowers invited him into his quarters for a drink the second night they were out.
“It’s all good, big guy,” Tony says, straightening his tie and flashing the peace sign at the three apparent hicks who were taking photos with their terribly cheap and out of date cell phones. “We were just wondering what the hold up was.”
“Risk I’m willing to take,” he answered, shifting a little.
“If I can make it work, I can…?” Tony drifted off, hopeful.
He nodded again, dumbly. His hands were shaking a little. He pulled away, and they both let him. “I’m gonna,” he started. Made an abortive gesture at the doorway.
“It’s…impressive?”
“And are you sticking around, Captain?” the man named Coulson asked. His eyes were a little wide, and he was leaning forward in his chair; next to him, Natasha had a hand delicately over her mouth, her eyes glinting with amusement.
“You’re right. That’s how terrible this all is, really,” Tony replies. “Are you aware that I just kissed you?”
“Huh. Okay, I can fix that. Anything else?”
Suddenly, the dam just seemed to give way. “I don’t...where do you even
Tony went back to work. He and Helen had a working theory that if he stuck himself in the Cradle, he could build himself from the inside out from within the Bleeding Edge suit, but the chances of becoming some sort of horrifying hybrid were extremely high, so they were trying to work out an alternative. And also just generally understand what separated him from the suit at this point, because as far as Strange could tell, he was
living in New York, and couldn’t quite manage it. “Fair point.”
Clint whistles.
“You’re you,” Steve said, with a shrug. “That’s all I really care about.”
“I suppose so.” When lunch was over, she kissed him on the cheek before he went out to where the platform was set up on the lawn. “See you in a few. Remember, I want your full proposal on my desk on Friday.”
“We save people, we keep them safe,” Steve says. “That’s what we do.”
“Oh,” Tony says, uninflected. “We’re talking now? That’s new and different.”
Steve slid down the wall of the building. “Heartbeat,” he suggested, his voice thick. “Working head, working heart.”
“She’s not coming,” Tony called back, unsure of whether Steve would hear him or not. He met Natasha’s steady, burning gaze. “What do I do, Nat? I’m killing him.”
“Dad used to call you Captain Pain-in-the-Ass.”
Steve, as it turned out, was a pretty good co-pilot.
“Yeah, Steve,” Tony says, and automatically he’s flipping up the face plate, because he knows how much it means to Steve that Tony is willing to show his face to him when they talk to each other.
But hey, there’s totally room for it in the diner’s parking lot.
Tony Stark lived in a
“Technically they’re the same. Except one was weaponised, and the other just…is,” Jane replies absently. She pushes her hair back, and can feel it leave greasy residue on her fingers. It’s been two, three days since she last showered? She’s lost track. “We don’t know enough about it.”
“Pretty sure you’re not military, least not technically. What is SHIELD supposed to be, anyway, other than a shady intergovernmental hive? You guys have badges, and yet—”
“Romanoff, you know me,” Tony scoffs. “Only the best.”
It hissed, and didn’t answer.
And then slowly, the suit parted, peeling away from Steve’s lax face and reforming behind him, into a shape slightly different than before, slimmer and a little more like the Iron Man suit. The neck and shoulders followed, peeling out and down, until the wire frame was stepping forward and around to steady Steve when his knees buckled.
He tried to draw the action away from the porch, but the shimmer wouldn’t let him—every time he pulled away, tried to steer their angle, it made a break for the door.
“Only you would be able to comfort a member of an entirely different species,” Tony mutters. “Where are the other refugees?”
” Clint says, leering.
Pepper had her eyes closed, swaying along in his arms. He was humming along to the recording, low and half tuneless, nothing but a faint rhythm and a meandering line that slid in and out of recognizability.
Steve almost flinched; he could feel his face twist into something painful. “How do you know?”
Steve would protest that, but the way Tony had spoken about the contemporary world had made him...doubtful. It was very clear to him, even from stilted conversations on board the submarine, just how different the world he’d woken up to was, even if the people looked just about the same.
He found her upstairs in her study after following the sound of what he thought was maybe a radio, playing something vaguely pianistic, more of Steve’s era than Pepper’s. When he got to the source, he found that Tony was with her.
“That’s not been assigned yet. Tony, why are are you asking?”
They sat in silence for a while. A few car engines started up down the driveway: mourners headed home.
He might as well have asked about an embarrassing disease; Steve froze in place and seemed to have to work hard to compose himself into something resembling normal. He took what felt like several hours to finish chewing his bite of toast, appeared to lose his nerve and then regain it, until finally he said, “It was about Tony.”
“Especially then.”
“I like it. Solid choice of locale.” He couldn’t imagine Stark living here, or even Pepper, but it was nice, all the same. He suspected there was a sub-basement full of robots stashed somewhere.
But. Well. He couldn’t quite shake how lost Steve had looked, when he’d last seen him. Burgeoning computer skills aside, Tony knew better than most that learning new things and staying busy could cover up a lot.
They stopped. The world stopped. Everything stopped.
Subject: Re: sorry
Then it wasn’t really a fair fight at all.
They had to. She didn’t think she could start back at the beginning of grief for a second time. She turned her head against his chest and looked at Steve, still fast asleep. “He really just...carried you with him?” she asked.
“Who else?” A flash of red and gold. Steve whipped around, trying to catch a glimpse.
“I’m not–” Steve starts.
“Well, then have a safe journey,” Steve said.
—to pie.”
He really had to learn to stop thinking stupid shit like that.
Tony nodded. His face smoothed out into near featurelessness—a newly developed defense mechanism, Steve surmised, and much more effective than any Tony had at his disposal when in his normal body.
Subject: personal question
He mostly just didn’t want to be alone in a room again. It was nice down here, with Tony working, and Pepper and the rest circulating around. “Yeah, no problem.”
“You’re both adorable,” Tony says, “It’s ridiculous. Also, I require fried things. Where can we get them?”
“You’re right, it is, it’s ridiculously difficult, Steven, it requires constant monitoring of ambient conditions and instant responses. Thankfully, I am a genius, and therefore my intellect is more than a match for this conundrum. So, what I’ve done is…”
“Colonel!” Captain America shouts from the other side of the crater. “We could use your help over here!”
“I might as well just show you,” Clint said, shoving the photo into his pocket. “Come on. No need to break in anywhere if we play our cards right. Benji, you can come to. I have a feeling he’ll like you.”
Steve hummed, and let Bucky take his weight a bit more as he reached over to one side of the worktop, aglow with holograms. The strangest things kept capturing his attention—the stack of books on the coffee table, the dishes in the sink, and the way Pepper wrung her hands. He kept trying to track Tony’s multiple trains of thought, pull apart their reasons and histories, but they were moving too fast and in too many different directions.
Tony presses Steve’s proffered glove down on the gash, knowing full well his face beneath the helmet was a mask of worry and really not caring. That is, until Steve opens his eyes just enough to look at him, and says, “Tony…”
. But honestly, JARVIS is probably the most impressive thing you’ll come across in these digs. Ooh, that reminds me, JARVIS, after this we’re going down to the workshop, I need to get Steve his tablet and phone.”
“And so does she.”
“Laws of the universe can be bent and sometimes broken,” he said, after thinking for a moment. “But I’ve never known the law of conservation not to hold. Even when they’re dust, people don’t go. They just transform.”
Still, he’d taken to listening to the IT staff when they chatted in the cafeteria, and he was learning the merits of Google. And of discreet, yet useful search terms.
“Now that the compound’s a mess, I think I’ll probably have a better source of equipment here,” he commented. “Would you mind, Mrs. Potts?”
“Fuck,” he said to the ceiling fan. “Fuck.”
Bucky was trying not to betray a genuine smile. Steve could see it. He had…not expected this.
“Existent,” he amended.
“Just one more, and you’re done for the day, Captain Rogers,” the lead technician said.
The workshop felt particularly silent.
“Except that I
“I’ll explain later. Remember when you said you wanted to seduce the rich guy next time?”
Bruce’s work continued in the morning, but all of the heavy lifting was finished, so Steve was left at loose ends.
“Sir, my metaphorical stiff upper lip is, if anything, more strongly in place than normal.”
"Where’s Tony?” he asks, flipping his faceplate up and sketching a salute.
“Someone will have to do that, I guess,” Steve says uneasily, “But maybe not until they’ve started getting cleanup underway.”
Her smile broadened, some of the lopsidedness easing away. “Good choice.”
“Any time, Pepper, you know that,” Rhodes said, and pulled her into a hug that she returned easily and hard, tucking her face in his shoulder. Steve averted his eyes, and was startled when, after a minute, he felt a kiss land on his cheek as well.
Tony made an interested noise from the chair. Steve started to turn in his direction, only to stop when Pepper laid fingertips on his jaw. “What did I say?” she chided, with a small smile.
“So’s Bruce, Bruce is in need of tea and possibly some space where yelling isn’t happening,” Bruce says. “Thor?”
He was too tired to sit up. But he reached forward and just barely brushed her calf with his fingertips. She caught his intent and scooched a little closer, enough that she could get his hand clasped between her own. She was warm, vital.
There’s a pause, and then Tony cocks his head.
The call disconnected, Tony already dialling another on his cell. “Pepper? I’m gonna need you to cancel all my appointments for the next 48 hours. No, it’s actually important. Really, really. Like, not even supermodels are involved. Pretty please? Okay. I’m leaving now, bye!”
Natasha hits him.
“We just had to go for the most complicated option, huh?” she said finally. “When it was both of us.”
It had been the right decision to go with SHIELD, getting off the rescue ship. Steve had been sure of it then, and he continued to be sure now. He knew also, from what he had gathered about SHIELD’s activities, covert and in cooperation with other governments, that Fury and his organization were generally as morally well-aligned as any large group with this many ties to less-scrupulous powers could be. He wanted to do his duty, wanted to be okay enough to continue to do his job if he was going to be alive and awake in this new time, and being at SHIELD was the best way he could see of achieving that.
the Mind Stone. What the hell?”
“Well. That was…” Jim drifted off.
“I don’t think it’s an unfair question,” he said, as gently as he could. He wasn’t sure how well he succeeded.
“Not littering if it’s in my own home. Dummy will pick it up, just leave it. I’ll be in my lab.”
From: sgrogers@gmail.com
“I’m so proud,” Tony says, emerging, a soft grin on his face. “He hates Jar-Jar Binks as much as I do. I didn’t even need to prompt him.”
“These are the estimates we’ve worked out for the quarter, and if you’ll sign this we can have—“
Steve didn’t answer, just turned away from all of them, unable to speak.
“Didn’t even burn you,” Steve murmured.
He flinched. “Sorry.”
“Yeah, fuck this,” Tony said, and grabbed Steve’s wrist. It burned like a brand.
He raised one hand and snapped his fingers. “All fixed.”
“Not sure.  I’ll probably get called back for the Hulk to deal with something at some point, but it’s still chaos out there, even with everyone back.
“Except how it is,” she agreed.
“Excellent, great,” Bucky says, pinching his nose. “Get out of here, all of you.”
“That’s harsh.” She pushed off the door jamb and came out in bare feet to settle next to him against the railing. “Are you sure about that?”
For the anon prompt: "Steve comes to the realization that Tony is actually a self-sacrificial/self-endangering maniac."
“Give me a second,” Tony said, and reached out a hand. The iridescent edges rippled, then
“Yes, sir, I will—“
Simple test commands. Do a calculation. Say hello.
Bucky peered at him sidelong. “Maybe you’d best not talk, Stark,” he suggested.
the shimmer pronounced, like a curse, and wheeled to face him, but it was two against one, now.
“It is,” Pepper said, wiping her eyes discreetly. “So get over here and make it better.”
“I told him not to, and still went right over me. Never fucking listens.” Steve frowned. “That’s not fair.”
Steve wandered around where he was allowed, and didn’t do much. They let him run in Central Park, which helped, though eventually his guards couldn’t keep up, so they fitted him with a tracker. That helped less.
They hit him like rail gun fire, tearing through and in.
Tony made a noise in his throat. “Worst comes to worst,” he said, and from somewhere in the suit produced a card, “You call me. I’m not doubting your abilities, Captain, but you know as well as I do that you’re a stranger in a strange land here, and frankly, I’ve got enough on my conscience without losing a national treasure to The Man, too.”
“Uh huh.”
“I’m not copying Google’s user interface look,” Tony snaps. “It’s an affront to my inventor-warrior spirit.”
The Red Skull didn’t respond. Just started to ascend the crag.
It’s not until later that he realises he didn’t learn her name. Later still, that he realises that he really,
“Well,” Tony said, after a pause, “Was nice to see you, Cap. Glad you’re getting on so well.”
” he cackled.
She took a deep breath in. Stroked his knuckles with her thumbs. Her hands were slightly cold from her glass. “I wish,” she said slowly, “That you’d shared this with us sooner. This, or something similar.”
…That thought sobered him right up.
“I’ve heard it’s changed.”
For shinkonokokoro's prompt: "Steve + Tony and suddenly a child."
“You were in the Stones,” Steve argued, vaulting the jutting spears of stone and running full tilt to the stone dais, whose grooves were just beginning to run red. “Just see, please Tony, just—”
see him.
“Shh,” she said, deliberate. “I want to talk to my husband.” She stood in front of him, studying the strange, flat-planed impression of Steve Rogers’ face. “Tony. You getting out of there?”
“You say that now,” he muttered, cupping her waist and trying to follow the direction she’d begun to sway. It wasn’t too bad, once he started listening more closely to the music.
“So he’s doing all right, then?” Pepper asked, later that week.
“Oh. Well shit, I missed lunch with Pepper yesterday.”
“Consider it cut by the fact that I’m not throwing you bodily out of the room right now. I am, however,
“You remind me of her, a little,” Steve said faintly. He only knew the barest outlines of the story. He wanted to hear Pepper tell it. “In all the good ways.”
He stepped back and regarded her. Even with a mask more specific than the standard faceplate, she couldn’t get a read on him, which she hated. “No,” he said at last. “No, I don’t mind. I’m glad you did.”
“Who wouldn’t?”
“Do not encourage her, Rogers,” Fury said with a glower. “Are there any further questions?”
Physically, he knew he wasn’t—digging his fingertips beneath the layers of cotton and wool he’d borrowed from the crew revealed radiant warmth, his metabolism working overtime as always, but that didn’t stop him from shivering. It probably wasn’t helping that he stayed out on deck, but going down below…it was a little too closed, a little too small. And the sea looked the same as it always did.
“We barely know each other,” Steve says, but it sounds insincere even to his own ears.
Coney Island.
A long, awful silence, and then the shrouded figure nodded. She reached out a hand, and interlaced their fingers. The armor felt cool and silky to the touch, like fine chainmail lying flat against her skin. It rippled slightly at her touch. She tried not to find it too uncanny, and didn’t fully succeed. She’d lived through a lot of transformations over the course of her partnership with Tony, but
It’s not until Tony that they notice.
He nodded.
For my-neighbour-del-totoro's prompt: "Tony and Bucky, dirty jokes. Disapproving (or maybe not so much) Steve optional xD"
As she steps out the door to the lab, slamming it behind her, a section of her desk, black-stained in the shape of fingers, crumbles, and quietly implodes with a puff of red.
Steve folded his hands in his lap. “I can’t wake up from that either. It’s just dark and cold and I’m alone, more alone than ever was, even after Bucky.”
Pepper blew out a breath, and managed a smile. “In that case, can’t wait to see you after, Mr. Stark.”
Tony took a small step forward, just enough for him to be close. “Steve,” Tony said, almost too quietly to be heard.
“Not my secrets,” Tony said, raising his hands. “Pinky swear.”
“Don’t thank me,” she said. “I fear that I’ve damned you.”
“I vote we just switch costumes. Can we do that? Are we allowed?”
“I...guess not?”
Steve quirked an eyebrow at him. “Were you expecting me or something?” he said.
“Damn,” Steve said faintly, and then more clearly, “See? Not coddling me, Tony.”
“Few minutes, huh?”
“That’s definitely what your face is saying,” Steve said dryly, relaxing a bit. “Hurt and offense, not excitement at getting to show off all your cool stuff.”
Bucky barks out a laugh. “Yeah,
“No no no, I was researching the water mains, it was a whole thing.”
The base code of JARVIS was stupidly easy to remember, he could almost feel the awful plastic keyboard back at MIT clacking beneath his fingers, setting the foundations. Concentrating on the build helped. Instead of refracting across endless mirrors, opacity and solidity started slowly to return.
“Oh,” Pepper said, involuntarily.
Tony wasn’t sure how to describe it. “It requires a lot of focus,” he said eventually. Not much more than it had taken for him to function normally on a daily basis, but enough that it was noticeable. “And yes, there are limitations.”
“I am, Agent Barton.”
“Don’t sass me,” Tony scolded. “You’re a figment, you’re not allowed to sass.”
Not with mirth, or joy, or even anger. They were hot coals burning out of his face, and Steve couldn’t stop staring, even as sunspots burst in front of his eyes.
“Tony?” Jim asked.
“‘National treasure’?” Steve echoed.
“Not much. I think her world’s a lot bigger than ours, nowadays.”
Tony waved him away. “Don’t worry about it. Appreciate your help.”
Another pop of air pressure, and then abruptly, all the lights went out.
“That could be arranged.”
Tony pursed his lips, and threw a glance in Steve’s direction. “Fury’s gonna want to bring you in to SHIELD,” he said. “He’ll probably say it’s for security purposes. And maybe he’ll want you in medical, see if you’re really all right.”
His joints feel achey, like he’s been out in the cold.
“Hm.” Bucky exhaled. “I really thought you were gonna stay in the past.”
Steve scrunched his face up. “You make it sound so tawdry.”
“Just telling it like it is, Captain,” Tony said, stepping out of the elevator. “Telling you that JARVIS is a secret butler that lives in the ceiling would just be mean.”
“But your bosses are.”
Steve snorted, a terrible, watery cough of laughter. “That’s a lie, and you know it,” he said aloud.
She studied him, her head cocked as she twisted back and forth on her feet. She had a stuffed blob of something wrapped in her arms; Steve was pretty sure it was one of those plush microbes or diseases or something equally science-y.
Steve frowned. “Mr. Stark was very helpful.”
Tony, for his part, was very quiet in the first few days after Natasha’s visit. He worked on the Cradle interface and made himself scarce during meals, probably to avoid the awkwardness of his inability to partake. The awkwardness of his absence, however, was just as bad, in Steve’s opinion.  He tried to spend more time in the living room, sharing space with him and Helen while they worked, just to get a feel for having him around again in whatever form.
The bifrost malfunctions. That’s the only explanation.
don’t believe in the human soul. Personal hypothesis is that I’m a collection of previously unidentified femto-particles held together by string theory-adjacent tertiary forces. Whatever it is, it gives me the ability to think, it can travel from one thing to another, and having too much of it inside Steve nearly killed him, so please, help me figure this out.”
“Kinda feels like I do, though.”
Subject: Re: care package
Steve tilted his head back and forth. “Got the coordinates. Better than a map.”
“You gonna take me back to your place or not, mister?”
“He’s fine, he’s just unconscious,” Strange diagnosed. “Probably will need a great deal of sleep to recover. We should move him to a bed and leave him be—I can monitor him remotely.”
There was an arc reactor in his chest.
From behind his desk, Tony tilts his head up to regard him. “Long time no see, Cap. What can I do for you?”
Steve turned, taken aback. “I couldn’t,” he said blankly. “Time travel doesn’t work like that, I’d create a different timeline.”
being a dancing monkey; he didn’t know what had possessed him.
Steve gave him an odd look, but didn’t say anything further.
Steve looked back up at the Ancient One, who was watching him with interest. “He’s ready.”
“Break it up, you two,” he said, and was relieved when his voice came out steady. “I’ll only be gone a minute. Try not to kill each other before I get back.”
“It’s nanomachinery, it’s not
Tony’s hand warmed with Steve’s body heat, slowly until Steve couldn't tell where he ended and Tony began. He didn’t move a way for a long while.
He nearly jumped when he felt Tony cover the clasp. The metal almost gave, was sun-warm and so fine in texture it could almost be mistaken for skin. “Tony?” he whispered. “What…?”
“I feel like I shouldn’t have been here for any of that,” Bruce said faintly.
He braced.
“Dr. Cho?” Steve said.
It was the challenge in her voice that struck him. It wasn’t a child’s question.
“3:47 AM, sir.”
“He’s got a look,” he agreed.
“Have a think, let me know if you have questions,” she said, patting his shoulder and sliding off the chair. “You have an idea about what you might want to focus on?”
“He was fearless, even then,” Bucky says, smiling, “I barely even had to suggest it, and he was right there with me.”
you?”
Steve had made a noncommittal noise. “I have no ties to anyone beyond the people on board this ship,” he said. “I’m not too thrilled with the possibility of refusing what limited resources are at my disposal. I’ll stay at SHIELD for as long as you’ll have me, and as long as it takes for me to get my bearings. But,” he added, “I’m not going to sign any contracts until that time either.”
For feelwhaaale's prompt: "Avengers as Pokemon trainers/gym leaders/professors/trainers/breeders/whatever!"
“Even when I was the one who–”
Steve shook his head, and—
“Well, he’d be right here with me if he’d listened to me ten seconds sooner,” she replies, but then she touches her earpiece, and nods. “But as it is, his team’s got him. A bit scraped up, but he’ll live.”
He wasn’t complete. Steve wanted to touch him the same way he had in that dream in the Berlin conference room, the skin of the tender inside of his knee so warm beneath the twill of his trousers. And of course he knew that Pepper did too, which was far worse, because she had a right to it, and he didn’t.
For the anon prompt: "Bucky/Tony; when Tony gets scraped up a little, he whines about it endlessly. When he's seriously injured, he retreats to his lab and locks everyone out until. Bucky's caught on."
“You are now,” Bucky agrees. “But I’m here now too, aren’t I?”
Tony smirked. “Ah. You want me to take you back to my place?”
Steve knew enough about Tony at this point that he was fully prepared to step in and prevent Tony slugging Bucky in the face at this point. Instead, however, Tony narrowed his eyes slightly before baring his teeth in something resembling a grin. He pointed at the empty space where Bucky’s arm should have been.
“Hey!” Sam called from the car. “Move it or milk it!”
For caedesdeo's prompt: "1: Steve doesn’t follow rules, he knows how easily they twist so he can’t believe in them, and he’ll never follow something if he doesn’t believe in. 2: (probably Tony?) I am king in a kingdom of ashes, I burnt it down to prevent its ruin."
The Stones were still set in the shards of Tony’s glove. It was awful to look at.
Tony wore it like he wore his armor--like he’d stolen lightning from the gods and had it cupped, a thrashing, violent creature, in the cradle of his palms.
Subject: hi
“But Natasha—”
“Sir.”
All that was left was the Cradle, glowing and crackling at the seams, the whir of it now a persistent, deep chug, like the sound of snow being compacted beneath tractor treads.
fuckers probably kept it for themselves. lemme see if I can hack your PC a bit more to give you some cloud storage and reading materials
“I cannot believe either of you,” Bucky states, because it bears saying.
“Something more powerful than the gauntlet,” Natasha agreed.
Steve raised an eyebrow. “Jealous, Buck?”
“Well,” Tony said, after a long pause—aeons, maybe, or maybe seconds, “That seems suboptimal.”
“Running the femto-particular analysis now...fuck, I’m going to get so many papers out of this. Sorry. Looks good so far. Just going to slow the...Tony? Are you…?”
“No flying cars?” Steve said, eyeing the sky.
“About what?” Steve asked, still looking away. “What have you got to be sorry for?”
“I would really appreciate having some time to do some trials first,” Helen said. “You know, so I don’t accidentally kill you.”
When they touched ground in New York, Steve was almost afraid to disembark—he’d been watching their approach from the outside for hours, taking in a skyline that was both the same and so, so different from when he’d left it. He had memories from that last plane ride, of being shipped out to entertain the troops, his flimsy theatrical Captain America costume stowed away in a bag, and of looking out one of the small windows one last time and seeing New York like an inky blot upon the sea, iridescent with the beginning of the city’s nightlife. He’d been so certain of returning at that point, safe in his job of dancing monkey, that he’d barely given the sight a second thought.
“I think faster than I speak, okay, it’s a common problem, though generally not as severe as mine given just how fast I’m capable of thinking—”
“Apparently he was, judging by the look on his face,” Clint says.
Bruce went home when they shared the news with the household. “This isn’t my area of expertise, and the more of us that are here, the more it draws attention,” he said. “Call me if you need me, but.”
He couldn’t hold Pepper properly. He couldn’t hug his kid. Couldn’t even explain to his kid what was going on, because he couldn’t think of anything worse than telling a child that their father was just an empty suit, waiting for a body.
“Yep,” Tony said. “That was...something. It was something, right?”
He tried to draw back; she wouldn’t let him.
From: sgrogers@gmail.com
“I’ve…never really had the opportunity.”
“You know what? Me too.” She patted his shoulder. Her eyes glinted gold. “I thought I was ready to go, before. Now, I think I just needed a chance to be something else.”
“Huh. That’s…huh.” He opened his mouth to say more, and then spun away, moving back into his usual chatter.
“You’re oppressing my creativity. I am oppressed.”
Fury’s gaze flickered between Tony and the Captain, and said, “You break it, you bought it, Stark.”
Tony blinked. “I’m sorry, what?”
He sighed. “Yeah. I have a feeling we’re just going to have to try it and see what happens.”
The kid looked at him warily.
“Sure, you’re fine, but you could be even better, you could be safer–”
2012.
Steve shrugged. “Don’t think I’ve ever had any. Spices were expensive, and then there was the war.”
“Well come on in, then,” Tony said.
“We’ll keep it quiet,” Tony said. “I’ll keep working on the port system, Helen will keep working on the Cradle adjustments. But we’ll...I’ll try not to rush it.”
“HULK SMASH PUNY ROBOTS.”
He stared for a second, blinking. “I must’ve slept hard,” he observed, croaky with sleep.
So Steve tried, but he didn’t always succeed.
Universes bled together. Time stretched and warped. Electricity crackled through his veins instead of blood.
“As ever.” He put himself next to the Cradle and set a silver hand down on the open tines of the port. “See you all on the flip side.”
Then: the herald at a throne made of gold, kneeling. The king, robed and crowned, imperious, with instructions.
“Any thoughts?”
“It really is beautiful here,” she murmured. “I didn’t expect that. But it’s really...it’s not bad. It's so much.”
“Alive,” Tony rasped. “Let’s start with ‘alive’. Pepper?”
Jim exhales. “Better than usual, then.”
“Take care of yourself, Steve,” she said. “Life’s too short.”
Clint and Natasha clock in as usual, but they just end up helping out with salvaging like all of the other agents.
“It’s a long, long story. I’m not really sure I have time to tell it.”
Pepper’s hand became a vice.
To: sgrogers@gmail.com
“I was held up,” Thor interjects, “By my introduction to a most extraordinary foodstuff by these two warriors. Come, Man of Iron, you must try some!”
Jane snorts, sitting back and letting her hands fall into her lap. Her fingers, in addition to being greasy, are also seriously ink-stained. She probably has smudges on her face, too. “I should probably take a break,” she mutters.
An alarm started up in the lower levels, a dull pulsing roar. SHIELD agents paused, hands flying to earpieces. Steve stifled a slightly hysterical laugh. This was all far too familiar. He could almost hear Bucky yelling at him in the back of his mind.
“Of course not. You have nothing to compare it to.”
She hummed. “You’d have done the same for me. Or him.”
Bucky sank a little further into his seat. “No.”
“Only ten. Howard didn’t find you. I’d know, if he did.”
The bundle in his arms makes a series of clicking sounds, and then flails out a limb that appears to be half snake scale, half metal. Steve hushes it, and it quiets rather obediently, all considered.
Steve opened the file and scanned through. “An education initiative?” he said doubtfully. “I feel like maybe the government has already ruined me on that front.”
“That I’m your heavenly greeter? I’m flattered.”
She doesn’t dismiss it; denial could have been a comfort in other circumstances, but she’s pretty sure she’s past the point of incredulity now.
“Where
“Oh, that’s lovely,” Pepper breathed, so close he nearly startled. “Steve, would you—do you want to come upstairs with us? It’ll be a tight fit, but I think we can manage it.”
They went to a Thai restaurant. Steve recognised nothing on the menu, asked Tony to order for him, and got an evil smirk in response.
“We gonna have Coulson chasing you down again?”
“You gave him the Outside Initiative?” Tony asked, flipping the folder open. “Ooh, can I...?”
“I don’t trust him,” Steve says, not for the first time, as he paces the safe house. “He means well, but he’s–”
“A good man,” Stephen observed, “But a tired one.”
For anonymous's prompt: "I think you missed your calling."
“He’s not coming back,” Bucky grunted.
“Butt-dial?” Tony asked, semi-rhetorically, and then immediately shook his head. “Nah. What’d’you think, J?”
“I guess,” he said cautiously. “I wasn’t really conscious for the first long while. It’s confusing. I don’t really understand it, but it was all—I was in a lot of different pieces, and it took me a long time to...make thoughts again?”
Tony shrugged. “I suppose. Comes with doing business.”
telling you that you can stop.”
“Can we keep it unassigned for a bit longer?”
“Yep, gotta see a man about a dog. Or something. Whatever, I’ve got a different meeting. Also, if SHIELD calls, tell them you know nothing, no idea where I am, blah blah.”
“Pepper, what are we using the 51
Bucky snorted. “Terrible.”
“Anyone we know?”
“Mm. Guess we’ll see how he keeps his word.”
“Yeah, fine,” Steve said. “One thing though.”
“Have you seen Brooklyn lately?” Fury asked, an eyebrow raised.
“Well done,” says a voice from the doorway.
“The power’s going online in less than a week. I’d like to have a complete plan by then to start scheduling move-ins.”
“Yes,” she agreed, “A Stone that helps hold the universe together.”
Steve lifted one shoulder. “She already knew her dad was Iron Man.”
Pepper rubbed a hand over her face. Steve just nodded.
Dr. Feranza narrowed his eyes. “But what you do need to start doing is to be mindful of yourself. Are there things that exacerbate these dreams? Allay them? Are there places you can go that feel safe when you’re having a bad day? It’s time to not only think about the reasons behind your anxieties and troubles, but also the reasons for changes in those things. Healthy coping mechanisms are an important part of recovery, because they serve as a stopgap even when your brain isn’t quite ready to heal itself yet.”
“Captain?” Hawkeye shouts.
“You’re working under the assumption that I’m not going to take your advice,” Steve observed. “That I’m not gonna run.”
“Get out of my head,” Steve whispered. “I’m not staying, I just—”
Steve looked like he was thinking the same thing. “Thanks,” he said.
“He goes by Red Shift. Been around for a very long time, and has been the cause of a lot of grief ever since he got a hold of these,” she patted the pommel of one of the swords. “Not sure how he found them in the first place, but their ability to cut portals between worlds and universes is...inconvenient to our agenda. Hopefully he won’t be bothering anyone else anymore.”
She frowned, but nodded all the same. When she was gone, Steve let out a breath. “I nearly called her Aunt Peggy,” he said. “That would have been
He peered at her. “Tasha?”
Tony sighed. “Yeah, that’s how she seemed to me, too. All right, so you saw her.”
“Are you okay?”
“You’re really intent on helping out with that, aren’t you,” Tony says. “Tell you what–all of you come back to the tower. There’s at least twenty floors that haven’t gotten smashed up, which means that it’s the closest available place with beds and showers that aren’t covered in concrete dust. After that, if Fury wants us debriefed, he’ll know where to find us.”
“No, she isn’t,” Steve said automatically.
He snorted. “I’m not surprised.”
“I will admit that a certain part of me is waiting for the other shoe to drop, yes,” Stephen agreed.
Pepper sighed. “That makes two of us, then.”
“…Yes?”
She must have made some sort of sound, because Tony turned back to her, and shifted from foot to foot. “So,” he started, and then clearly didn’t know where to go from there.
Jane sighs. “Dark matter.”
Steve arched off the couch and then collapsed back down. His eyes flew open. “Holy god, what was that?”
Finally, finally, Tony looked at him. “Even like this?” He opened his hands.
He found Bruce in the kitchen, wiping down the counters while a kettle heated on the stove. “Steve,” he said, looking over his shoulder at him. “You, uh. Took off.”
“You look like you haven’t found that balance, yet.”
She tilted her head back and forth. “A Peter Parker here, a Tony Stark there.”
Tony scoffed at the room at large. The thing was, he had been ready to move on. Steve seemed to be, well,
gonna do, then?” Bucky asked. “Now that you’ve shanghai’d my future all nice and proper.”
“Too late for that, Stark,” Natasha says, and the crackle of the widow’s bite comes over sharp on the comm. “I think I might have found one with a brain though, I’ll try and get a black box if I can.”
“You just want to wear the suit,” Tony accuses, because yeah, he knows Clint’s ways now.
“How’s his bill of health otherwise?” Tony asked.
“I see how it is, you’re only in this for my tech,” Tony scoffed, a hand dramatically thrown over his heart. “I am hurt, Rogers, hurt and offended.”
Steve winced. Didn’t entirely agree, but appreciated the concern nonetheless.
“Debts paid?” he asked, watching her.
“Tell me, then,” Steve said, “What is it that I can do for myself?”
“I didn’t plan anything for dinner, I figured everyone would be nibbling all day, is that all right?” Pepper asked, sidling up. She’d ditched her black high heels and remained in stocking feet, but her shoulders were straight and her eyes were clear.
“Couple of days,” Bucky answered. “You’re lucky you woke up when you did; Banner was ready to start you on an IV.”
All of them except Steve immediately jerk and say, “
“I don’t like where this conversation is going!” Clint suddenly shouts from the kitchen, startling all three of them. Tony steadies himself with a hand on Bucky’s hip, which is sort of distracting. “For the sake of my virgin ears, please take it elsewhere!”
“My own...huh.”
To: tstark@starkindustries.com
He thought about Pepper’s reddened eyes in the dead of night, of Morgan’s quiet, simple grief. Thought of his own failures, and the muddled, stumbling path he saw for himself going forward.
He’d stay just for the night. And then he’d be gone.
“Sure.”
“I guess.”
“Language, Tony,” Steve wheezes, his right arm apparently functional enough to grasp the shoulder of the armour and hold on.
From: sgrogers@gmail.com
“Worse than Thanos?” Steve said, standing in alarm.
Steve nodded. Waited.
“I was never a very good student,” Steve admitted. The words barely got out; his throat still felt on the verge of closing up. “Though I do like to learn.”
“Course. We’ll raid the pantry if we get peckish, right Cap?”
Clint took one glance at it and choked. “Um.”
If she were here, Nat would tell him to get a grip.
“Sorry?” he tried.
Steve pushed a sliver of his thoughts back towards him in answer, and smirked when the flush extended to Tony's ears.
“Seven minutes,” Tony replies, because he’s been watching that damn status on his HUD every second he hasn’t been blasting robots into oblivion or dodging searing blasts of plasma. “Fury says there’s an attack in DC, so they’re spread thin, too.”
“Well, enjoy, I guess,” Steve murmured. “Can’t get drunk, so. Best of both worlds.”
The kid raised his eyebrows. “You hit your head or something?”
“Well. Forget about me; we’ll need to get Morgan somewhere safe,” Tony said, ignoring everything else. Everything else was awful and he didn’t want to think about it. “Hell, if we want to keep this house, we should probably move out of it for a while, or with our record it’ll get destroyed in the crossfire.”
Bruce nodded. “Tea? I’m making some chai, you’re welcome to a cup.”
“Steve, how…?”
that we’re not going to just let you out the front door. Especially if they know where you’re headed. Stark’s an ally, but he’s outside the system in a way that an apartment in Brooklyn wouldn’t have been.” She smiled a little thinly. “Food for thought.”
“Ice. And the super soldier serum,” Fury answered. “Howard Stark had a search party sent out annually. This year, we got lucky.”
Natasha smiles as the elevator doors close.
“Oh god,” he whispered, everything crashing in all at once, reality reasserting itself in the worst way possible.
“Ah,” Tony says, looking at the television, which is still looping slow motion footage of Bucky wrapping his cybernetic arm around the shoulders of Iron Man and pulling him in for an extended kiss. “Uh. Oops?”
Christ, what was he thinking? He was already barely clinging to fine with Natasha gone, and Tony—
From: tstark@starkindustries.com
Tony preens.
Iron Man powered up the repulsors with a humming whine.
“How did it go?” Steve asked cautiously.
“He asked!” Tony said, waving at Steve. “Who am I to deny Captain America? What do you even need him back for?”
“Don’t,” Steve says lowly. “We draw the line together now. Don’t thank me for this.”
Steve raises an eyebrow. “I’d argue, but I think Buck might strangle us if I do, and ‘sides, I’m finding that we’re in agreement on this one.”
“It’s okay. It’s fine. I’m fine. Help me out of this thing?” Tony looked down at himself, and frowned. “Actually, before you do. Could I maybe get some pants?”
“—heels?” Steve finished on a gasp. He stumbled, and Tony caught him. “Guess not.”
It has been sunny and temperate all day.
Helen was quiet for a second. And then she said, very carefully, “I imagine there are any number of people out there who have done you one good turn and one bad, and you’ve probably chalked it up as a wash.”
Hi, Tony,” Steve said.
“According to Strange.”
“I repeat my previous assessment,” Tony interrupts, but his cheeks have gone slightly pink. “You’re both adorable. Stop it before I catch something.”
holy shit steve, is this encrypted? i’m so proud of you buddy it’s like watching a baby bird take flight
“I know.”
“Transhumanist lit., please, I am
He wanted to say a great deal, and all of it felt like too much, too soon. He wanted to say it anyway, but he knew he probably shouldn't.
There is nothing Tony hates more, in this moment, than Doombots. Give him death rays, give him alien invasions, give him anything other than these souped up terminators on steroids with their inane shouting and their frustratingly unpredictable patterns of attack.
“Did you ask her to? Or did Stark?” Clint asked. He raised his hands when Rhodes and Pepper both glared at him. “I’m just wondering.”
“Not all of it,” Tony said, stepping back. He grimaced. It did look fairly H. R. Giger-esque. “I just need to be able to interface with the Cradle, if I’m going to be able to guide the building process. Which we suspect I have to, if I’m going to establish adequate connection to the thing so that I can actually transfer myself into it.”
Steve shrugged. “Right now, I’m too tired to even get a proper spin on it. Could be another week before I’m back to something approaching capable. And anyway, I think I’ve done my last work with it. Time for someone else to give it a try.” He raised his chin and looked back at Sam straight on. “You up for it?”
Tony was at his ex-CEO best, in a sharkskin suit that probably cost more than Steve’s entire wardrobe, and he was standing like a challenge, hands in his pockets and shoulders square with his head cocked to one side. Bucky, in contrast, was pale, bruised, underfed and unshaven, and still in scrubs (much to his disgust). He was holding himself with as much military discipline as he could from the hospital bed, but it didn’t do much for his shrunken appearance.
“Mm,” Steve said.
“Scheming? Balancing the universe?” Tony suggested. “She seemed...not happy, but...not sad, either? I think she was glad to be doing work.”
“That’s a given. Fury wants you contained, and he’ll keep you that way as long as you don’t do anything drastic.”
“Shopping district, I think,” Steve says, sounding out of breath. “Cobblestones are slowing them a bit, but I think there are more coming my way, I’m going to have to–”
“You have had swordfish, haven’t you?”
It took a while, though. He’d been tired. He
“Monitor the interface for femto-particle transfer, make sure it actually comes out one end the same form as it came in,” Tony nodded. “Brilliant. I’ll show you mine if you show me yours?”
Steve smiled his USO smile, and let himself be dragged back into the magnetic tube.
“They’re my friends. I’m glad they’re getting along. After a fashion,” he added, with a shrug.
“Fine is not the same as good.” Steve squared himself and looked the Ancient One in the eye. “Do it. Maybe we’ll find another way later on, but you need the Time Stone back now, and I can’t leave any part of Tony behind. So do it.”
He tried not to think about it.
Bucky knows the score now, and he’s the first to admit that he hates it, enough that when Tony starts pressing on his bruises and announcing it to all and sundry, Bucky actually appreciates it.
As Steve watched him load up the car from the porch, Bucky came up to stand beside him. “You sure about this?”
Tony gunned it. “Motherfucking crazy person, who does he think he is, we just pulled him from the ice and now he’s going to flatten himself,
“Come here,” Tony said, tugging on his wrist and then his neck, and then they were kissing, Tony with urgent, hungry finesse, Steve just trying to keep up, drowning in it until he could find his footing, and even then, it was like riding an ocean tide, following its ebbs but still buffeted inexorably by its waves. He made a noise, something undignified he was sure, and then a smaller, more feminine hand slid up his shoulder and cupped the back of his neck, and he shuddered, his knees buckling.
Steve shrugged. “Working on it.”
And he’d try to move on.
about Tony from passing SHIELD agents.
“You caught me on a busy day, it’s a good thing I like you.”
Steve mouthed to himself, dodging a security camera and hitching his bag up over his shoulder.
“I’m not doing some sort of reverse Pygmalion thing, am I?” he mutters, smoothing the chassis into place. “Or if I am, it’s not morally abhorrent, right?”
and...well.”
“Stay at SHIELD, is what you’re suggesting,” Steve had said readily.
“He did.”
Tony didn’t have normal expressions any more, but that was enough to prompt a reaction; he felt his faceplate rippled in surprise. “Oh? I didn’t think she could.”
“Yeah, what?”
Natasha visited once more, but it was brief.
“I should get you back to your nannies,” Tony said, handing over a black AmEx to the waiter.
“That’s not weird,” Jim said roughly. “Sounds pretty normal to me, actually.”
“What the hell?” he demanded, through gritted teeth. “This is
He needed to leave them be.
Tony tilts his head to see the source, and identifies a tall guy in a tragic amount of flannel beneath a dusty leather jacket with hard green eyes. Behind him is a second guy even taller than the first, on par with Thor, which is just damned unfair, if you ask Tony. He’s got his hands shoved in his pockets, and unlike the first guy, seems appropriately starstruck at seeing Tony Stark land a plane in the middle of nowhere.
Tony almost didn’t recognise the phone number when he first saw it on screen; his hand was hovering over the ‘Ignore’ option when he placed it, and then he had to clear his throat several times before saying to JARVIS, “Put it through.”
They both turned to look at Jim, who was hovering in the doorway. “Hey, honeybear. Good to see you.”
Tony threw up his hands in surrender. “He’s gone, hold your fire, oh my god.”
“Rogers! Long time no see!”
“Look,” he says, “You’ve got a couple of options here. One, go after the establishment, which I’m not saying is the wrong thing to do—establishment’s got a lot wrong with it—but it will cause a lot of collateral damage, not the least of which being the team you’ve just formed, the allies you’ve just found these past few years.”
“What could they possibly need?” Clint demands. “All you need to debrief us is a stack of forms, a legal pad, and–”
Over dinner (after a tearful reunion with Morgan by which Steve was
“Can I walk you to your car?” Steve asks.
He could see a year ahead, and maybe soon, he'd be able to see five.
She gave him an unimpressed look. “Did they not tell you? He’s alive.”
“I’m fit,” Tony muttered petulantly. “The fittest.”
“Perhaps it is best if I show you, sir.”
“Lots of things here are unsettling,” Natasha agreed. “Time-is-a-flat-circle kind of shit. I don’t recommend sticking around unless you want to stay permanently.”
Subject: (draft)
“Do you—do you have to, immediately?” Steve asked. He felt heat rising in his face.
“Does that reasonable explanation end with ‘and then I panicked’?” Tony says, “Because I can think of no other reason why you would come to me, of all people, with a
“Nothing,” he said eventually. “Just…thanks. Again.”
Steve came down to breakfast late, which was already unusual; Pepper was on her second cup of coffee, and Jim was finishing off a round of eggs for Morgan, who was talking a mile a minute about the shortwave radio kit Tony had built her several months ago. She seemed to be doing okay without her dad so far, but worrying about her was an inevitability Pepper had long ago made peace with. Anyway, it helped distract her from her own grief, at least off and on.
He was, Steve couldn’t help but think, still beautiful in this strange form. He reminded Steve of the Stones, of his expression in the last moments before he’d snapped his fingers—the single focus of his unmoving face, the pure silver of the metal framing him, all color burned away except for the faint luminescence of purple, green, and blue at the edges of every plane and angle of his hands. Steve half expected him to spark with lightning at every turn.
And then, very quietly from the far side of the room, Coulson says, “Called it,” and holds out a hand.
“Drink this. It might help.”
“I could try for a matte coating, if you’d prefer?” Tony offered. He didn’t have complete control over the look of the thing, it was all a matter of intent, but he could try.
“What about after that?” Steve asks, after a long moment in which he has to digest that particular soup of revelations. Because he hadn’t known that, not at all.
Hi Tony. Thanks for the ebooks, they’re very interesting. Also, I wanted to tell you—I read your file. I’m sorry.
Tony tipped his smooth, metallic head down, far enough that his chin nearly touched his chest. “Yep.”
“Gotta keep an eye on Tony.”
“Cold feet, Captain?” the Red Skull drawled.
Dr. Feranza sighed. “Do.”
“Can you cobble together a translation of 'we’ll make sure of it’?” Tony says.
The quinjet is stealthy, but when you land it in the middle of Bumfuck Nowhere, Kansas, Tony supposes it’s kind of a big deal.
He dreamed of Tony again that night. They weren’t running this time, at least.
“You don’t have to apologize for this,” Tony said. “You saved my life. It’s on me if I don’t know what to do with it.”
the radar, Cap. You did not help things by going off-course and showing up at Stark Tower. People notice that shit, and we’ve since spent a significant amount of man power getting that erased from public record. I'm not trying to be difficult, Captain, I'm just telling you how it is.”
“Not alive, but able to respond to thought, and able to house the Stones, if only temporarily. And it’s mine—the Ancient One said there needed to be a connection already forged. I’d say it’s as close to a willing host as I’m going to get at short notice. A risk I’m willing to take.” He slapped it onto the center of his chest, and winced as it anchored. “It’s Steve, Pep.”
With some force, and not without a touch of lonely frustration, she pushes back from her desk and goes to grab her coat and hat. It had been raining when she came in (whenever that was), but she’s been pretty good at lucking out and avoiding it lately. She takes her umbrella just in case, though, tucking it in her purse.
the hell do you have to be sorry for, rogers
“Uhuh.” Tony scooped more shrimp onto his rice and poked it around. “So this is awkward, but I think you sent me an email you weren’t meaning to send.”
Tony exhales, and covers the child’s hand with his own. “Oh.”
Invasion of privacy?
“It’s as much as I can manage,” Natasha said with apology. “I’m not all-powerful.”
“I think you’ll survive,” Steve says dryly.
He wanted to and he didn’t. He shook his head.
was a kid,” Steve said, a bit incredulous.
” Pepper hissed at him.
“You okay?” Helen asked.
“But?” she prompted, with a measure of resignation. Tony tended to elicit that tone from friends and colleagues he pressed into psychiatric service. He tried not to take it personally.
He needed more math.
Tony stills. “JARVIS?”
They swung back around to the platform.
Tony’s hand transformed into something conical and bristling, like a drill head, connecting to all of the crenelations and contact points in the port. The Cradle’s hum tightened to a whine and then abruptly dropped down to a deep, pulsing whir.
“I missed you,” he confessed. “I miss you all the time.”
Subject: Re: care package
“And he was. Always eight steps ahead, because he was always trying to outrun himself. It took him a long time to slow down, too.”
Green Eyes narrows his gaze, and then pokes a finger towards the tall one. “Stark, as in that phone that you’re jizzing yourself over, Sammy?”
Tony was silent for a long moment. Then finally, he said,
“Stark!” Coulson barked.
Tony sighed, his shoulders dropping. Pepper had become accustomed to how he emoted in the suit, but it remained disconcerting to see this half-suit, half-body construction act like him when she knew there was nothing inside. He came back and levered Steve’s body back up into his arms, and then turned to her.
On the other hand, he now has a great many new things to be worried about instead.
The train, because he’d thought, late one night, that maybe putting it on paper would take it out of his mind. (It hadn't.)
Steve shook his head. “This isn’t where we need to be.”
“Still haven’t forgiven myself quite yet,” he murmured. He followed the feeling down. What
She exhaled. “God, Steve. I’m sorry.”
“Do you, um. After this is done, what are you going to do?”
“Sam,” Bucky cuts in, “Can we have a minute?”
,” the suit spat, and lurched away, hand reforming. “Don’t you ever pull that shit again, Rogers!”
“Seemed like it could still be useful,” Steve shrugged. “I thought maybe the repulsor might still have a bit of a charge.”
“No,” Steve argued. “I want to know what you’re doing.” He stopped, and stared at Tony, who immediately froze under his gaze and tried to think about anything other than his current form. “Wow,” Steve said after a moment. “You’re very shiny right now.”
“Told you I’d been thinking about it. Wasn’t hard, in the end,” Steve said. He felt lighter, with the shield in someone else’s hands for a change. There’d been a lot of baggage hanging on it, he was realizing. He’d stowed it in the closet for a reason, while a guest in Tony’s house.
“I suppose that was the main advantage of swinging both ways, back in the day,” Tony muses.
“He’ll be friendly towards me, I guarantee it,” Bucky growls, and unfurls the tiny card from his ring finger that slips into the nearly invisible slot just beneath the keypad.
“You really don’t have to do that.”
Bruce’s footfalls were quiet in the grass, just barely audible above the murmured conversations back at the house. Clint listened to the approach and didn’t move. He had found just the right spot for his ass against this tree where the roots didn’t come up too far, and his head was tipped back against a particularly soft patch of bark.
Pepper looked up from where she was curled on the edge of the couch not occupied by Steve’s sleeping form. “No progress?” she inquired.
“Sorry, sir.”
Steve felt his whole face go pink.“What? Bucky, no–”
"Can never leave well enough alone, huh?" Tony said. He sounded odd, beyond the usual synthesized timbre.
“Like you said, hidden depths,” Steve replies over Bucky’s head, which, goddamnit, Bucky’s beginning to really miss being taller than this asshole. “I think you missed your calling, Buck. Conflict resolution, it’s the new thing.”
Still, he'd risen before anyone else, and the weather was fine, so he ran.
“That could have gone far worse,” Pepper croaked. “Now go back to sleep. In 45 minutes, Steve has to make bacon, or his life and honor are forfeit.”
“What’s your feeling about spicy food?” he asked.
For yerawizardnumber9's prompt: "avengers (or really any fandom), HALLOWEEN"
“It is better than it was before,” Tony concedes. “Before it was…bad.”
, what the hell—”
huh?” She crossed her arms and looked out at the lake. “I guess I should keep an eye out for a supernova.”
“Is there a chance that it won’t?”
“You do realise that as soon as you start asking them about Jameson’s analysis of free-floating signifiers and how that compares to Stein’s portraits of artists they’re going to be very assured of who’s in charge, right?”
What’s he hoping for? One last chance for me, again?”
“Hear, hear,” Steve said, meeting her gaze and keeping it, and drank deeply.
He curled in, struggled hard just to
Steve notices stiffness in his joints, and chalks it up to too many missions, not enough time to heal in between.
On the couch, Steve suddenly sucked in a huge draft of air, and his eyes opened. Within half a second, Tony had dismissed all of the screens in front of him, and Pepper’s tablet was on the floor.
He was surprised, then, when on Wednesday, Tony sat back from his work and said abruptly, “We told Morgan.”
Steve had folded his hands in his lap, and regarded him. “Okay,” he’d said after a second. “I agree.”
So upon coming home he shed them like a second skin, leaving shards in a trail on the floor until he was at his desk. And then he sat, and maybe emptied a scotch down his gullet before the soreness kicked in, because the triumph only lasted so long and the comedown was worse than any hangover he’d ever had. He wondered if he could get addicted to hero-ing like he did everything else, and figured yes, yes he could.
“This is blatant exploitation of my powers,” Strange said dryly, “but yes. I’m looking forward to working with you, Dr. Cho.”
“Don’t you know? How did you get here?”
“Iron Man’s allowed to be tired, you know,” Steve says carefully, “Just like you’re allowed to be brave.”
To: sgrogers@gmail.com
From: tstark@starkindustries.com
“The Mind Stone, I expect,” the Ancient One replied. “His active energy does appear to be concentrated there. If I were to take a guess, I would say he awoke there first.”
“He’s Iron Man,” Pepper murmured. “Always will be.”
“See you,” Steve murmured.
Tony looked at him squarely. “Don’t be,” he said. He paused, tilted his head back and forth, and then put his chopsticks down.
“Doubt you could surprise me,” Steve volunteered. He got three blank stares, and one glittering smirk in response.
“I know that tone,” Tony said, with growing curiosity. “Mrs. Potts, did you make him into a project?”
And then Pepper came down the stairs. And Rhodey.
“Afraid he might like me better?” Tony said breezily. “You should. Eyepatch or not, I am
“Tony?”
“You are such a drama queen,” Tony said, indulgent. “I already told you I forgave you.”
“Oh.” The guy puts a hand through his hair and sends it into even more appealing spikes. Steve is developing a problem really fast. “Well, look, here’s the thing, it’s going to be worth it, once I get to the piping. Because you’ve noticed the water pressure’s not the best, right? I just need to tweak some things, because the city’s got their priorities all fucked up, so we’re at the bottom of the list, and I figure I can do it faster and cheaper than them anyway, so. Uh. Wait.” He drifts off. “What time is it?”
“Huh? I don’t—”
“Don’t hate me ‘cause I’m beautiful,” Tony retorts, but then Bucky’s extricating him from the rest of the suit, and he crumples, letting Bucky take a portion of his weight.
Steve rolls his eyes. “The late Romantics.”
“As well as anyone would, I suppose,” Tony answered, and accepted his drink with a nod. He took a sip and appreciated the warm burn. “Been keeping himself to himself. How does a guy deal with going to his death and then just, waking up in the future?”
“Pe—Margaret Carter.”
So Tony is pretty sure that JARVIS is ready. He’s pretty sure
“Where, uh,” he started, sounding suddenly very awkward. “Does he have a room?”
Steve shifted on his feet. “Both?” he tried, after a pause.
Tony stared at him. It made his neck heat, but he couldn’t quite make himself look away.
Steve flushed. “I don’t suppose it’s without the tracker?” He really hated the damn wristband.
“Some
“You remembered to bring a paper bag, though,” Steve says, his own smile crooked and warm, even while the rest of him was still red with embarrassment.
He meets her the first time because she made the call that saved Tony’s life.
“And I’m extremely qualified, so between the two of us, I think we’ll do okay.” She sat on the arm of the chair. “Tony wasn’t an expert in this, either; he had his memories of MIT and of growing up with robotics all around him, but he grew up too fast. He didn’t really get a chance to be around a normal educational system until much later in life, when he started taking an interest in SI’s outreach programs. And then he was so…” Her gaze went distant and fond. Steve swallowed, and couldn’t look away. She seemed to gather herself after a moment, but couldn’t fully shake the sad tilt to her mouth. “Anyway. You’re not starting out with much more of a handicap than he was.”
“It says it is glad,” JARVIS says. “And also–though I am not entirely sure I am understanding this correctly–that it is honoured to be in the care of one whose heart was chosen for armouring.”
To: tstark@starkindustries.com
They did let him go out to Brooklyn, eventually.
“Uh, I’mma go with no,” Clint says, “Considering you just admitted to harboring a crush on our resident asshole–”
“I think you already know this, considering...
“No,” Jim assured, through visible panic at having potentially alarmed her. “He had a sad dream about him.”
“Here? You’re in a
Tony has already heard about Steve hurling on the top of the ferris wheel, but he laughs anyway when Bucky retells it as they’re weaving through the crowds, Steve slowly turning the colour of ripe tomatoes, because Bucky’s a fantastic storyteller, okay, it’s just not the same when Steve summarises, even when he does his bashful aw-shucks act.
Tony tapped the ratchet in his hand against his thigh. “Call him back,” he said eventually.
Well. It’d been quiet around the Avengers mansion lately. What could go wrong?
“We could do that,” Tony says lowly, his thumb going back and forth on the skin beneath Bucky’s t-shirt. “Get a room, that is. If you’re interested.”
Steve was about to slap a sandwich into Tony’s open hand when Tony said, “Uh, guys? No mouth.”
listen, but that’s just one factor in—”
“What’s the deal?”
“You’re outvoted, Tony,” Steve says, sounding strangled. He has a strange, small smile on his face when he looks at Tony, though. And it apparently functions like kryptonite on Tony.
“Hulk?”
The murmur of conversation starts up again, but Steve makes a point of keeping eye-contact with Tony, until Tony looks away.
He stilled for a moment, and then very carefully put his fingers through her hair the way she liked. His hand was smooth enough not to tug or tangle. It felt...odd, but not bad. She sighed, and let him take a little more of her weight. The arm around the small of her waist tightened.
me to kill him and take over his body.”
“Well then,” Bruce repeats.
“Threw Fury’s words back in his face,” Tony grinned. “I broke you, I bought you. And now I’m buying you lunch.”
Natasha nodded, and then picked up her jacket and headed for the door. “I’m free to give you my opinion, that’s all. Now you have it. And one other thing: it’s my
But then she’s turning away from him, barking orders again as she strides unhurriedly over a swell of broken pavement, and Jim has to shake himself slightly before taking off to go scold Tony and help the others.
Steve quirked a smile. “Always.”
“Excuses, excuses.”
“Tony,” Pepper starts, “Can I talk to you about–oh. Hey, Steve. How’s it going?”
“Just so.” She settled back on her heels. “You asked if I was happy. Sometimes I am. Sometimes I’m not. Such is the human condition.”
“You think so?”
“Friend Tony!” Thor booms, stepping out of the diner. “I bid you forgive me my tardiness, it seems that I have been deposited not precisely where intended.”
“You’re trapped?” He supposed it was a plausible dream setting. Steve had felt trapped, back there in Germany. All glass and nowhere safe to turn.
Tony swiveled his head to follow where Helen was pointing to her set of screens. “What am I looking at?”
” Tony says, and guns it, streaking low through the streets, tearing a path through the bots, not caring if he takes them down or not so long as they
Steve finally turned to give him an odd look. Tony mulled over what he just said, and clarified, “It’s how I am. You’ve got a lot of catching up to do, Cap.”
“So the essential properties of the ventilation system are always to let in air only—I need circulation, however I also do not need to be poisoned in a germ warfare situation, or drowned. Sound difficult?”
“Odd,” Steve decided, after a second. He didn’t exactly have other words for it. What had been a tickle in his brain was now a dull, not entirely comfortable pressure, warm and pulsing in time with his heartbeat. His lungs felt strange too, like they were just slightly misshapen, not taking in nearly enough air. He took a deep breath. No change in lung capacity then, just...the illusion of it.
“Moooom! Steve says he’s gonna stay!” Pepper’s daughter announced, running up from inside the house. Morgan, that was her name. She trailed futures behind her like gold dust. Children were often like that, to Stephen’s eyes, but Morgan seemed particularly laden with potential. He supposed that was only to be expected, with parents like hers.
“I never thought I’d say this, but I’m actually disturbed by the lack of paperwork,” Clint says.
“Do you want to go?”
“We’ll figure it out, right?” he asked. Even through the voicebox, he sounded very small.
“Not to me.”
“Spoken like a true billionaire,” Steve said, smiling but not turning around.
“I just wanted to tell you,” he said, halting, his hands clenching on nothing, “That I’m not in the ice forever. And I wanted to ask if you were happy. Because I’ve always hoped that you were.”
“Are you going to let me get to class or what?” Steve says finally, gesturing at Tony’s general slump across the width of Steve’s office door.
“What are they gonna do, sue me?” Tony said, opening his hands.
A pause. And then JARVIS’s tone takes on an unmistakeable–and increasingly frequent–timbre of warmth. “If it had not been, sir, I certainly would have informed you far earlier.”
“Fifty-third floor, sirs,” JARVIS announced. Steve twitched.
She shrugged.
I think I’d be running for the hills.” His lips twitched. “But things have changed since you’ve been asleep. That includes the military. We’ve, uh, lost a lot of idealism along the way, I’d say. Shit happened.”
Beginning of a time-travel epistolary thing I never managed to work out the actual time-travel mechanics for.
“Shut up. My point stands! I cannot believe–”
The shock of transfer wasn’t quite so bad this time, but it left him gasping for air, hiding behind a concierge desk in the lobby. Memories
If he had lungs, he’d sigh. “Hi, Vision. Good to...hear you?”
“I can’t say that I have–”
He didn’t really want to stick his nose in Rogers’s business. He shouldn’t, Fury was right, he wasn’t a people person, and if Steve was doing better, then he could be free of the whole thing.
“This isn’t–” Steve tries again, a bit helplessly.
To: tstark@starkindustries.com
And god knows Tony didn’t need more reminders of Howard right now, not after the Expo debacle.
“Rotterdam was a shitshow of the first order,” Tony says faintly.
“Because.” Tony stopped. Shrugged. “I was the first one to talk to you here, in this time. Maybe I’ve got a guilt complex.”
And he didn’t know about any of it. He might as well be on an alien planet.
Bucky tips his head in acknowledgement. “So it is. So it was. What’s eating you this time?”
“I think growing it will be fine,” Helen said. “Making it be
He hugged her back. “I used the Stones. Got stuck. Working on getting—wait, did you think I wasn’t—?”
It’s never distinct, and nine times out of ten it’s a woman’s scarf as she walks past, or a double-decker bus just disappearing around a bend. (They’re staying in London for now–there’s cleanup to get through, and readings to take in the aftermath of Malekith. Ian is desperately happy to have them all around (especially Darcy, obviously, they’re kind of gross at this point), but more importantly, SHIELD is pleased to make Jane’s lab their port of call while they coordinate with local authorities. Jane still doesn’t like them, but she’s getting used to Sitwell, who brings her sandwiches sometimes.) But in between debriefs with suits and burying herself in work, there are those slivers of red, fading quickly, but incontrovertible, and certainly not always explainable.
He hadn’t moved away, which just barely gave Steve the courage to reach out and touch his knee. “Why solidification?” he asked. “You seem pretty solid to me.”
“I never had a uniform fit half as well as when he made it,” Steve blurted out, and then immediately looked down at his plate. “The SHIELD versions were awful, they fit strangely in random places. But the ones from him were always just right.”
Steve pushed him away. “I don’t think just that will hurt,” he said, attempting to push a smile into the corners of his mouth. It only half worked, but he got an answering smile in return anyway.
“I’ll, uh. I’ll be up in a minute,” Tony says.
“That’s a first.”
And Tony just looked at him while his whole chest felt like it was caving in and said, “No. Sorry to disappoint, Cap.”
, which, yeah, Clint was going to have to have a serious talk with Fury about SHEILD’s fake-your-death department, because this was actually one of the better scenarios Clint could think of wherein it was found out that one of his old aliases wasn’t as defunct as generally believed.
“It was a high-stress situation,” Tony says weakly.
To: tstark@starkindustries.com
), Steve went weekly to therapist appointments at SHIELD that he always came back from with an undercurrent of irritation that only dissipated after watching a movie, or sketching for hours. He also went regularly to an elderly care facility which…well, Tony wasn’t about to ask, but there were a limited number of logical reasons for why Steve, a man out of time, might go there. Those days were usually the worst of all, and Tony made a point of replying promptly to any messages sent on those days, or at least sending stupid cat videos over to keep Steve occupied.
“Come on,” Steve whispered.
“I can totally afford you, though,” Tony mutters, and then winces.
He didn’t really know how to respond to that, so he just stumbled back a few paces and gave a small wave. “Thank you. I...I appreciate it.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “You’ll at least like the inside, I guess. Though to be clear, it’s not finished yet—scheduled to start running on arc reactor power in a few weeks. Totally green, sustainable, efficient. You should like that, you’re a child of the Depression, after all.”
“Shit,” Clint says. “He say anything new about it?”
The shimmer started towards him, drawing the outline of its sword.
For deformed-globule's prompt: "Mycroft, Lestrade, NYPD, Avengers!"
“To you, maybe. But I need some time.”
“Me too,” Steve said, surprising himself. “That would’ve been nice, I think. But they’re okay without me. Bucky’s doing...I don’t know, he’s been so different since Wakanda, he’s so...”
“New title?” Tony inquired, sitting back.
“Solidification…?”
“What are you doing here, Romanov? Out, this is above your pay grade.” Fury said sharply, though something about his manner suggested to Steve that he wasn’t actually surprised.
“I haven’t gone into prosthetics yet, but it could be an interesting diversion.” Tony’s eyebrow twitched up; yet another challenge. “Who knows? Maybe, just for you, I’ll make something more than just an arm. Something with…
SHIELD had swooped in before they’d even gotten food in their mouths and taken Loki to a secure location.
“Did Peter use to send you memes?” Steve asked. “He’s started doing it to me. It’s baffling, but weirdly relatable.”
The setup, all told, was relatively simple. The port system, (still grotesquely shaped), connected at the top of the cradle where the power source also plugged in. Tony just needed to connect himself to the port, the Cradle would power on, and then presumably the transfer would happen. Steve was a little unclear about the science of that, but that wasn’t exactly a surprise to him.
She held up a hand. “Right now? Nothing. But I’d recommend stabilizing him in his current form for a while—he’s less vulnerable, the way he is now. And maybe stick close?” She cocked an eyebrow. “I imagine that bit won’t be a problem.”
Clint shook his head. “Stubborn.” He huffed out a breath that could have maybe passed for laughter, under different circumstances. “Always so goddamn stubborn.” He looked Tony up and down. “I guess even if she’d wanted to come back, she wouldn’t have been able to, huh? No suit to put her in.”
Tony starts up some new blueprints.
“You know,” he said, after a second in which they both slurped chai without any grace, because it was still too hot to drink, “I really expected you to go off with Sam and Barnes.”
“Okay, analysis complete. Feeding it into the distro center of the Cradle. Tony, you ready?”
. He sighed. “He’s trying to bring me back. I think he was hoping he could do the same with you.”
Obligatory Mission Impossible/Avengers crossover
“What…?”
She misses Thor.
“You’re in luck—I am my own walking tracker,” Tony replied. “I’m Tony Stark. If you stick with me, SHIELD will have a pretty good sense of where you are, too.”
“Natasha...have you joined the universe's equivalent of SHIELD?”
“He is falling, sir, ten degrees east.”
“Nngh.”
Despite Natasha’s opinions, Steve tried to make SHIELD work for him. It wasn’t that the idea of seeing Tony more wasn’t appealing—it was, perhaps,
“No, no,” Pepper said, “Come here. I’m losing him already, see?”
He did, and it was a little better. Pepper breathed a little easier between them, and knew she was going to be okay when she automatically began compiling a mental list of all of the agencies and lawyers she was going to have to call.
“Aw, baby, don’t be like that,” Tony says immediately, sidling up to him. “We’ll make it up to you. Would a scandalous press conference suit?”
“I don’t know what that means,” Steve said.
And then the air in front of Steve’s face solidified and
Tony sobers, and even lets Bucky start in on him with antiseptic. “I’m fine,” he says eventually. “Really.”
“Apparently she can, though not often, and not for long,” Steve said. “She wanted to share some intel.”
Pepper nodded, and went for her phone.
Steve parried with the tire iron. And then just kept going. God, it was so easy to fall back into it.
Natasha stilled. “Was that…?” Her eyes narrowed. “Tony. How exactly is he planning on getting you back? I get that he thinks I can maybe just get back into my body or something, but you...” She put her hands on his shoulders and stared, eyes flashing like a cat’s in the dark. “...No.”
Tony’s eyes flash, but then the spark is gone again. “The day I have a leg to stand on in a holier-than-thou competition with you, Cap, is the day I should probably retire.”
,” Natasha says.
appealing—it was more that Steve
“I’m thinking,” Steve started, and then swallowed. Tried to pick up one semi-normal thing amidst the storm.  “I’m thinking about giving the shield to Sam.”
“Doesn’t feel like it.”
“Oh. Those are the worst.”
“Yeah, so this is the first finished floor. I’ve got a landing pad all set up, takes care of the Iron Man gear. Also: wet bar.
He thought he screamed. He couldn’t really tell.
“No,” Natasha replied.
From: sgrogers@gmail.com
“What?”
“I am so not qualified for this conversation,” Clint murmurs. And then, more audibly, “We appreciate what you’re doing here, Tony. Really, we do. But we also know you’ve got stuff to do for SI, and for SHIELD, and so you really don’t have to put us at the top of the list. We’re fine with what we have.”
Fury raised an eyebrow. “I’ll tell you,” he said, “But I’m not gonna repeat myself, so get Coulson in the central conference room in ten, and we’ll go from there.”
He’d just stay until they could go back to their rightful places in the timeline. And then…
She shrugged one shoulder, her mouth twisting. “Did Tony ever tell you about his plans for Stark Tower? How he gave everyone a floor?”
“He always said he was a futurist,” Steve protested.
Steve stolidly ignored Helen’s eyebrows, which were climbing up her forehead. “No rush,” he said, a little unsteadily. He took a sip of the wine and tried to concentrate on the complexity, letting it sit on his tongue.
Bucky looked at Tony with a combination of suspicion and concealed interest. “You’re the new Stark?” he said eventually.
Every impact was a jar, and shook him to his bones. This person was either superhuman, or not human at all. Steve thought chances were very much in favor of the latter.
“You can say hi after the debrief.”
She set her laptop down on the coffee table, and carefully kissed his cheek. He felt it like it was through several layers of plastic wrap. “Of course,” she said. “I’ll be upstairs.” She snagged a sandwich, and thanked Sam as she headed up the stairs.
“Tony makes the phones?” His enthusiasm for showing Steve his own started to make more sense.
Tony nods. “Okay.
Tony cocked his head. “What?”
For the anon prompt: "Coney Island!"
“But clearly,
The books were all SHIELD-approved, the radio vintage. It was all very fake.
He curled back, the images of themselves unraveling as they separated. “I will. And is that a promise?”
Tony read that as,
as he was before. Not mass-wise, precisely, given how tiny femto-particles are, but what’s held there is just...it’s a lot more. We’re not going to know what it means until, I don’t know, something happens.”
“I would posit that I do. Come on, this’ll be way easier and better than Ultron.”
“Excuse me if I’m a bit skeptical about that.”
And that’s the thing—Steve still hadn’t let go of his hand. Tony looked back down at him. “So,” he said, after a long second. “I’m sorry about that.”
Clint narrows his eyes.
” she exhaled. “I don’t like how you seem to have such solid proof of fate.”
“You’re such a little shit,” Bucky says—croaks, more like.
immediately followed by, “…oh.”
“You went off-grid into the north Atlantic without telling Maria or I,” Romanov said, apparently unperturbed and showing no sign of moving from her seat. “And Coulson wasn’t even lying when he said he didn’t know anything either. Now you’re back, and you have someone who looks a hell of a lot like Captain America in tow. Colour me curious.”
“Tony?” Pepper whispered.
“Did it ever occur to you,” he says, scrubbing a hand across his face, “That I might have people to protect? Just like you?”
Someone else knew about Bucky now. He wasn’t totally forgotten.
It starts with heating. For a day it goes on and off for no reason, and then it suddenly evens out into a perfectly consistent 71 degrees. Steve runs hot–it’s a little uncomfortable, but whatever, heat is included in the rent, so he can’t complain.
“I’m me,” Steve said with a frown.
“Anyone else notice that they seem particularly frisky this morning?” Clint asks.
“We had a movie marathon,” Tony says from somewhere under his fifth custom Ferrari. According to Pepper’s immaculate Excel chart, he’s been collecting them almost solely for the purpose of redesigning all of their engines in the German style just to make the Italians cry.
“And I suspect he had some strong opinions about it.”
“Something he said to you?” Steve asked her.
Tony got into a routine before he joined/was shanghaied into the Avengers: After a mission, he got back to the house, and the armor came off of him in pieces.
Tony looks at where he’s standing with an air of surprise. “You have fifteen minutes before it starts,” he says, “And the seminar room is down the hall.”
“Or something. Just tell me.”
They were back on the lawn.
They were all doing that. Anything else always came out sounding either too intimate or too sexual. Tony tried not to think about it.
He was also holding a tablet PC, which he now waved at Tony. “So you sent this? That redheaded dame said it was a gesture of goodwill from Stark Industries.”
“As far as I can tell,” Tony replied. “Sure. He’s fine.”
Steve ate his toast mechanically, until Jim said over his coffee, “So what was this dream?”
“I’d consider it,” Steve said, feeling a smile beginning to work its way into the corners of his mouth. “Add a splash of blue, maybe. Just so you match it.”
