“And you don’t find it exceedingly painful?” he asks Celia after they’ve been chatting for a while.
Dean slogged through his morning routine. Staying up well past two in the morning to write the end of the fic he’d been working on for months now had probably not been the greatest choice, in retrospect. He’d set his personal draft deadline months ago, though, when he’d landed this new job. It might not have been due for claims in the NealEm Pinefest until the end of September, but he didn’t want to have to deal with the pressure of feeling his way around a new workplace while rushing to finish his fic.
“Don’t you
“Don’t I know it,” Dean mutters as he disconnects the call.
“What, it usually takes at least two dinners to adopt new family members?” Cas waved a hand over their containers of leftovers and stood up to clear the table.
“It seems more like people are being compelled to tell the truth,” Cas replied. “The local librarian admitted publicly that she loves romance novels, and wished more people would join her book club. Several people have sold their businesses after running them successfully for decades, declaring that they hated their lives and wanted to do something more fulfilling. There’ve also been twenty petitions for divorces in the last three weeks, in a town that’s barely seen that many over the last decade. There’ve been nearly that many applications for marriage licenses, as well.”
Cas turns around and smiles at Dean. “Then I can’t wait to get started.”
: He doesn’t even know my real name, let alone where I work. I won’t be telling him squat. It’s all yours.
Cas tilted his head while Dean said, “You mean like you used to get visions years ago? Are you having some sort of premonition again?”
They just stare at each other for a minute, until the back door to the shop opens, and Sam calls out looking for them.
“We mean you no harm,” Wulf said to the empty space. “We want to know your story. What tragedy befell this place? What has trapped you here?”
Dean shrugged. “About a month ago, now. I’ve lived in Kansas most of my life, so it’s been an adjustment. But Sam and his wife settled here after college, and they’re my only family, so it seemed like a good time to pick up stakes.” He raised the mug again. “And Kansas doesn’t have a hockey team, so Sam figured that would be the easiest local team for me to root for. No conflicting loyalties.”
“Why does it sound like I’m in trouble for something?” Dean asked, knowing how Crowley appreciated people getting directly to the point.
“Dress code would be anything but scrubs,” Dean added, tugging at the collar of his scrub shirt as he held the door for everyone else.
Meanwhile Ed sat impatiently waiting for someone to explain what they were talking about. “First off, who the hell is Billie?” Ed asked when he couldn’t take it any longer. “And why are we just packing this all in? So what if the guy isn’t a demon. He’s still fucking with ghosts, right? So now we’re, what, helping
“Depends on who you’re getting your stories from, but yeah, probably,” Dean said solemnly.
Hey, yeah, sorry I’m late. It’s been a long week. I’m gonna go check out that paragraph now.
Dean parks in the lot Cas directs him to, and he waits in the car with Cas, just holding his hand, until Cas is ready to go inside. They enter the hospital through an administrative building and find Benny stationed just inside the door, already waiting for them.
“No,” Cas replied, setting down the thermos bottle full of potion beside the bowl and giving Lorna his full attention. “I was an angel. I watched the universe coalesce from atoms. I saw the first reapers emerge, because where there is life there must be death. I believed I was created to bear witness to the eternal cycles of the universe, to stand guard over creation from above and observe my Father’s work. And then, after billions of years, I was ordered to save a singular soul from Perdition.”
Dean shifted in his seat and glanced at Cas. It was Cas who answered, though, which was reassuring that he noticed something hinky too, and Dean wasn’t just seeing things.
He carefully lifted the elastic over Cas’s cock, feeling Cas shudder again as he slid his jeans all the way down to the floor. Cas put his hands on Dean’s shoulders to balance himself, and Dean grabbed him by the hips to stop Cas from trying to step out of his jeans. He wanted Cas right where he was. He tore his gaze from admiring Cas’s rapidly hardening cock to glance up at him and lick his lips. Ever so slowly, Dean leaned forward and took a taste of Cas.
Dean’s first impulse was to make a joke, but he just couldn’t do it. They’d finally come out and said the words, and Dean just couldn’t hold them back any longer. He stepped right up into Cas’s personal space. “Yeah, same. All of it. Love you too, Cas. Sorry I never had the guts to tell you before.”
Cas shook himself off and finally came back around from his happy afterglow. “Not an angel. And no, you hadn’t mentioned it yet this morning. You were referring to Wulf, I take it?”
A surprised little laugh burst out of Cas as he gave Dean a glance out the corner of his eye. “Yes, I suppose I was.”
“Extra bullets are never a bad idea, though,” Ed replied.
“But now I know there’s nothing for me to fix. The world is right now, because of you, Jack.”
Mildred smiled at him. “None of the parents are giving you any trouble yet, I hope.”
Donna frowned, shaking her head. “Yeah, that’s where we start drawing blanks. Daphne has been at Grace Memorial for nearly a decade. Sort of the quiet type who keeps her head down and does her job. Nothing exemplary, but nothing glaring, either.”
“What about Kevin and Hannah? Are they both still under Nick’s roof?”
“More than that, brother. He enjoyed
“Hmm, we did spend an exorbitant amount of time in the bath. Nearly an hour, I’d guess. And Jack probably found it easier to push against the spell just because he doesn’t have as much emotional baggage to keep buried.”
“That’s where my family is, yes, but I went to Hopkins,” Cas replied, making a show of reading the signs at a hallway intersection as if he’d suddenly found himself in a place he didn’t recognize after confidently guiding Dean to that point like someone who’d been walking those halls for years.
Cas grinds his hips against Dean’s to demonstrate exactly how sure he is, and Dean bites his lip and drops his head back to rest against the door with a thud at the feeling of Cas’s hard cock rubbing against his through their pants. He holds Cas tight, hands sliding from his hips and down his ass, urging him to do it again. Cas obliges, and then hisses in pain as his new tattoo bumps against Dean’s shoulder. Dean lets him go instantly, holding him by the shoulders now to force a few inches of distance between them so he can look Cas in the eyes.
: Thanks, Charlie.
“We should probably get that x-rayed, then,” Dean finally decides. “I’d tell you to just walk it off, but you haven’t un-hunched since I got here. I don’t think walking’s gonna fix it.”
“I’m allergic to cats,” Dean replied, looking slightly confused. “And I’m thirty-two. Hardly grandfatherly.”
“Just out of curiosity,” Dean said as Cas sat down behind the circulation desk and woke up the computer. “What’s the school policy on logging into personal accounts on the school computers?”
There was no denying the fact that they would’ve been introduced regardless, but the way they found each other and then just sort of decided to stick together without having any clue they were destined to be roommates, or that they were both assigned to the same department, made it all the more intriguing to Dean. Now he only hoped whatever weird electricity had drawn them together wouldn’t fizzle out once they began to uncover the less attractive parts of each other. In Dean’s experience, that was always the natural side effect of both living and working with someone, day in and day out.
will it to be a place of infinite freedom and possibility, only limited by your own wants and needs.” He hesitated for a moment more, glancing between Mary and Kelly’s stunned faces before reassuring them as best he could. “Trust me, it’ll work.”
When Dean emerged wearing sweats and a comfy t-shirt, they exchanged a tense nod in the living room. Dean lingered for a moment as if he were on the verge of saying something, but Cas didn’t give him a chance. He held up his toothbrush and toothpaste with an apologetic little smile and Dean sighed and nodded at the excuse to not have to have that awkward conversation. Cas shut himself into the bathroom and left Dean to get settled in bed.
“Or a busted shoulder,” Dean adds, clearing his throat. “So, where’s Sam? Is he gonna live? Will you need to amputate? Or at least convince him he’s overdue for a haircut?”
Yes, he knew there was nothing inherently wrong with writing slash fanfiction for his favorite show, nor with his particular television genre preferences, but he also knew he’d have a difficult enough time being accepted as a male guidance counselor at an elementary school as it was. There’d apparently already been a few objections to his hiring, but Principal Baker had tried to tell him that it had more to do with parents missing the retiring Missouri Moseley than a specific objection to Dean himself taking over her old position.
Cas blinked at him, stunned and perhaps even a little appalled. “You didn’t drive all night, did you?” Cas frowned as Dean nodded slowly, realization dawning. “We didn’t actually get to the portion of exchanging pleasantries where you told me where you were from.”
“Good,” Cas replies, wrapping his arms around Dean’s neck. “I appreciate your hands-on teaching method.”
Cas shook his head and laughed. “Who did you imagine I was in real life, then?”
He thought about how he could get in touch with Feathers. If something was truly wrong, and Feathers couldn’t use Discord or tumblr for whatever reason, Dean had no idea how to call or text him, or even where to go about searching for him. For all he knew, Feathers lived in Siberia and their schedules only meshed up because he worked the night shift. He dismissed that idea quickly as undeniably ridiculous. They at least knew each other better than that.
They packed up a couple of bags with all the usual gear that wasn’t already in the Impala’s trunk. Extra bullets Cas had been carving devil’s traps into, a few shotgun shells filled with a variety of substances from goofer dust to holy water, and extra weapons in case Ed wasn’t fully stocked for himself. Dean hadn’t had a chance to examine his gear, and it was easier to assume he’d need one of everything, too. Though if he’d been hunting on his own for even a few years, he should at least have the basics by now. He had called them in for backup, and his usual gig seemed more salt and burn than exorcisms and general melee, so Dean erred on the side of caution and prepared for the worst.
Cas hums but follows. “I beg to differ, but I agree these stairs would’ve been treacherous to navigate with your arms full. Steep and narrow, a veritable Cliff of Insanity.”
“And the hand?” Cas asks, pointing up at Dean’s shoulder where the flames bled out into the distinct imprint of a large hand, like someone had dipped their hand in red paint and then grabbed him by the shoulder.
“Sam, did you butt dial me again?” he asks. “Am I talking to your ass cheek? Sam!”
“Far too few, I’m afraid,” the doctor says in all seriousness, reminding Dean yet again that he is still there.
She reached over and patted his shoulder, smiling fondly, and then changed the subject by presenting Dean with a banana cream pie she brought from their favorite bakery. They recounted the thrilling adventures of their relaxing weekend off. Cas regaled them with a colorful account of their trip to the Everglades, sharing his favorite photos which Dean countered with a few shots of Cas looking windblown but delighted at the top of the observation tower. Donna had dragged Jody to South Beach to explore the local wildlife in a very different way.
“We do what we always do,” Dean replied vaguely, and then went back to finishing his breakfast in earnest.
Cas looks at him like he’s lost his mind, then drags Dean to his bedroom by the hand he’s still holding and shuts the door behind them.
Dean snorted. “Yeah, only lasted until Thanksgiving break. He never came back after that. I ended up having to pack up all his shit and send it back to his family. Never did find out what happened to the guy. Up side was I had the room to myself for the rest of the year.”
It was inevitable that Impala would reach the point beyond which he hadn’t edited yet first, and Cas was dreading it when he realized Impala was getting close. He shouldn’t have worried.
The apartment was technically furnished, but in the same style of hospital waiting room chic that the downstairs lobby had sported. The small kitchen would be serviceable enough when they’d likely be eating most of their meals in the hospital cafeteria anyway. A resident’s schedule didn’t really leave a lot of time for gourmet cooking. Dean still intended to try, at least. Even a rushed homemade meal was better than yet another prepackaged sandwich, if he could swing it.
“If you think this is bad, wait until Monday when the halls are teeming with kids,” she said with a grin as another teacher sat down beside her. “Most of us make them wear some sort of name tags for at least the first week of school, but even that only helps so much.”
tried to get those two idiots to just talk to each other, but if he was picking up that much frustration and agony, there was no way things had gone well.
“I don’t think so,” Jack replied with a grin. “But again, that will be Cas’s choice.”
Dean couldn’t stay mad at him long, if he was ever mad at all. He’d just been worried, and now he knew he had nothing to worry about. Not even the garbage he’d been worried about for the entire last month. He didn’t have to make the impossible choice between Cas and Feathers. Somehow a month of suffering seemed like a very small price to pay for that revelation. He uncrossed his arms and let all that anger drain away. He’d wasted enough time already.
“Most things are,” Cas said, fighting a grin.
As far as Dean and Cas could tell, the djinn had only been in the area for a few weeks. Or at least it had only been pulling victims from the nearby town for the last few weeks. Nothing in their research had mentioned that a mass disappearance had ever occurred within a hundred miles of the warehouse. Only three people had been reported missing over the last month or so, and only one of them had been found drained of blood a few miles outside of town. Cas let that thought steady him as he followed Dean deeper through the maze of empty shelves and abandoned equipment turning the cavernous warehouse into a treacherous maze.
Jack took that as his invitation to finally give Dean a hug, like he’d been as anxious about his own welcome as Dean had been about pretty much everything else. The hug took Dean by surprise and didn’t last long. As Jack pulled away, Dean avoided looking right at him, and instead turned to Amara.
“My two favorite residents, live and in the flesh,” Crowley said as they entered from where he was sitting at the farthest end of the table nursing a paper cup of coffee. “Glad to see you didn’t spend the entire weekend plowing through my gift like a couple of uncultured drunkards.”
“Glad to know that’s a selling point, I guess?” Dean replied. “You kinda knocked the breath outta me. So thanks for giving me a chance to prove I’m not a total dumbass.”
Rather than make a joke about his previous commitment issues or saying something self-deprecating about being burned out after a sluttily misspent youth, Dean noticed just how seriously Cas was taking this conversation now. Like he was looking for someone to truly understand how he felt, for someone to actually make that connection with him. Dean gave his bottle a little shake, and then gulped down the last little bit of beer in it before setting it carefully back on the table. He turned and looked right at Cas, hopefully looking as honest and earnest as he felt about what he was about to say.
“I think so,” Sam said, standing up and pulling a few paper towels out of the dispenser on the wall to dry his face. “I’m gonna go outside and give Rowena a call. See if she has a counterspell, or barring that, any idea how we can track down this witch.”
“I’ve been writing since I was a kid, too,” Dean said, glancing around to make sure they were truly alone before going on. “Used to make up stories to tell Sammy when he couldn’t sleep, and after a while he’d start asking for specific ones. I’d maybe change a few details, or rework the plot, and Sam started commenting on which versions he liked best. I guess he was my first editor. Or maybe my first critic.”
“Yeah, I know,” Dean replied quietly, standing shoulder to shoulder with Cas as they stared down at the swirling chocolate. “So you really wanna go fishing tomorrow?”
“Also existential dread and the paranoia that maybe the corn never ends and you’ll never find your way out again,” Cas muttered as the tram pulled up in front of them and the tour guide thanked the disembarking visitors for coming.
Sam shook his head. “If you spill something like salt or sand or rice in front of them, they have to stop and count every grain. It slows them down long enough to send them back where they came from.”
“You mean the ghosts?” She snorted derisively. “If you even believe ghosts are real, you can’t possibly believe they’re actually
“Well, I hope not.”
“Fine, then bake him cupcakes or something. I’m sure you have a suitably endearing recipe for the occasion.” She paused for a moment before adding quietly, “I think you’ve already impressed him, Dean. You just need to close the deal. I believe in you.”
The door to the apartment opens and Sam heaves a sigh of relief as he wanders into the kitchen. He sees Dean and Cas, dressed in nothing but pajama pants and looking entirely at ease with that fact, and makes a noise of disgust, rolling his eyes and giving Dean a disgruntled frown. He does notice Cas’s new tattoo, and tacks on a curiously raised eyebrow to the fading disgruntlement.
In all his years in fandom, Cas had kept a careful distance. His fandom life and his real life were two entirely separate entities. That divide had served him well, allowing him to have both the career he loved and the hobby he lived for. When he’d graduated and moved to Maryland, he’d fully intended to write children’s books, and was certain that a large catalogue of erotic fanfic posted under his real identity wouldn’t help that career along. It had been a long time since he’d let that particular aspiration fall by the wayside and accepted that he far preferred keeping his writing strictly in the arena of adult fanfiction for his own personal enjoyment over the constant self-promotion and endless drama of commercial publishing. By the time he’d made that choice for himself, the habit of meticulously concealing his identity had become a part of his online persona. Even years later, he still remained firm about that rule, for no reason other than that’s how he’d always engaged in fandom.
Good to know. So this is weird, right? I mean I’ve spent more time talking with you over the last few days than pretty much anyone else. I guess I got used to the company.
He hung up before Dean could do more than sputter at him, and held out an elbow for Rowena. She smiled at him and slid her hand around his arm.
Sure, he’s up an hour earlier than he intended to be, and he doesn’t even need to open his shop for another hour after that, but he’s always got work he can do, so it’s not like the morning’s a total bust. He pours himself a mug of coffee and heads back to his room. His sketchbook is still open on his desk, the drawing he’d been trying to finish last night looking a hell of a lot better by the light of day. That’s what he gets for losing all track of time and nearly falling asleep at his desk yet again.
Dean rubbed his wrists and leaned in for another kiss, giving him a little smirk as he pulled away. “I’m gonna hold you to that, Cas.”
“Humans glow with happiness, or so I’ve heard.”
“Claire’s gonna be there, too. She met someone in the psychology class she took last semester, and she’s coming in to get a sigil tattoo Claire designed for her. Supposed to give you pleasant dreams.”
“Good for them,” Benny says. “I take it they’re done in there?”
“Not just unpleasant,” Dean argued. “That shit’s not healthy.”
Ed raised an eyebrow at that, but Cas continued explaining.
That was all the evidence Dean needed. He flung his arms around Cas, hauling him in for an enthusiastic reply, letting his kisses speak the truth for him. It didn’t take long for Cas to reciprocate, holding Dean tight and pouring out every last drop of his own truth out in return.
“Vince,” is all he says to Gabriel.
Cas nodded. “Eleven years since I gripped you tight and raised you from perdition, yes.”
“Took us four months to find the garage,” Dean added.
“How can I help you?” The kindly woman running the desk asks.
“You can shower out there. I’m gonna hope whatever this thing we’re hunting isn’t fucking slimy, and doesn’t get any of it’s goo on me,” Dean replied. “I don’t need to join the polar bear club this week.”
. I don’t think I’ll have a problem finding it.”
He looked up from the water to Cas’s face, open and honest and waiting for him to get over himself. “Yeah. I just want you, Cas.”
Cas shakes himself off and follows. “I was expecting something more ostentatious, I guess.”
“Cas, are you okay?” she asks immediately.
“If you two don’t mind, it’s been a kind of long and shitty day, and I need to crash now.”
“Well, then I hope it wasn’t too long of a drive for you,” Cas replied, and Dean mentally smacked himself for already having given the guy a nickname in his own head. “I couldn’t imagine driving all the way here from Chicago.”
“Maybe we should take this somewhere more comfortable, too,” Dean replied.
Sam bolted upright in his seat, almost whacking his head on the ceiling as two nearly identical waves of angst hit him like a punch to the gut. He groaned in agony and rested his forehead on the steering wheel. He’d tried. He’d really,
Dean made a sour face at that. “Dude, even residents deserve a home cooked meal once in a while. You’re gonna have to point me to the nearest grocery store on our first day off.”
Even after letting all his feelings out in the shower, the quiet emptiness of the apartment felt oppressive. A well timed clap of thunder had him nearly jumping out of his socks as he ventured out into the living room alone. He stood where he’d frozen, staring around like Cas would materialize there if he just concentrated hard enough. It was already later than he’d told Donna he’d be ready by, but Dean needed to give himself a few more minutes to get used to the feel of the place without Cas there. On any other night, even the silence would feel comfortable between them, but knowing he wasn’t there at all left the whole apartment feeling unfamiliar and slightly unsettling.
Mildred hands over the visitor badge and Dean’s ID, and Dean slaps the sticker to his chest and shoves the card in his pocket as he looks up at Cas.
Cas shook his head.”The ER nurses have been, but apparently that was a relatively new development in the last few months. Now that they’re making the change permanent, they’re reorganizing the shifts based on seniority. Since she’s relatively new, Patience now has some convoluted, inconsistent schedule. She’s not particularly happy about it.”
Dean frowned at that. “I think we’re already well past that, Cas. I wouldn’t have even brought you in here if I didn’t want you here. Plus we already agreed, if this all goes to hell, I’m the one stuck couch surfing.”
Wait, he hasn’t replied to you yet? He told me he was gonna spend the day hitting refresh on his inbox. You haven’t heard from him at all?
Dean went willingly into Cas’s embrace, letting Cas take his weight as he melted into a kiss. Cas tried to pull him closer still, digging fingertips into the skin of his back as their kiss grew more heated. Cas instinctively rocked his hips, seeking out the perfect friction they’d had before, and Dean adjusted them so their cocks were aligned before driving his hips against Cas’s.
Cas laughed out loud at that as Dean stood up, kicking his own boots against the wall and tossing his socks after them. “No, Dean. We had our reasons, and now we’re here. It worked itself out.”
Dean gave her a polite smile. “Most likely nothing, ma’am, but in cases like this, we’ve learned it’s better to be safe than sorry. With so much… unusual activity in town over the last few weeks, if there is an environmental factor at the root of it, we’d like to understand how it’s potentially affecting people.”
“Would you like to talk about it, or would you prefer I tried to help take your mind off it for a while?”
), and psyched himself up to check the message.
And this was another moment Cas had been dreading. How to confess how he came by his knowledge of fandom if he kept his identity so secret within the fandom.
“We probably should’ve made two trips,” Cas said as they stood waiting for the elevator, gritting their teeth under the weight of so many unbalanced bags.
Sunday morning dawned a lot brighter. The comfort of familiarity had lulled him to sleep. He’d briefly woken up at two in the morning long enough to shut off the television, but otherwise had slept like a log. After breakfast, he’d tidied the house, mowed the lawn, and then ran a few errands that had piled up over the last week.
She smiled approvingly and left him to his work. There wasn’t really enough work for him to do if he intended to stretch this out for the rest of the day, and he almost regretted not bringing his laptop with him. He might not want to read Feathers’ fic at school where he could be interrupted at any time, but he certainly wouldn’t have minded a few more hours to edit his own story before Feathers would inevitably begin reading it. Not that his fic was particularly safe for work, but at least he already knew it backward and forward. Reading and editing it was a mechanical act at that point, entirely unlike the experience of reading a Feathers fic for the first time. He wanted to be able to fully enjoy that without having to control his reactions and maintain a professional demeanor.
“Not exactly,” Ed replied. “They always had a taste for the bizarre. They did a lot of shoots from graveyards, with Lorna holding seances trying to raise the dead. Or from abandoned places where they all just went exploring looking for anything spooky. They went down to New Orleans last October for Halloween and dedicated an entire hour to looking for vampires in voodoo shops and the back alleys of the French Quarter.”
“You had your hands on me for an hour, Dean,” Cas replies, voice gone breathy with pleasure.
“Unless they’re also staking the place out, even after they bothered to file for a filming permit, then probably not,” Sam assured him. “Are most of their videos similar to the one you sent us?”
“I, uh, may have run into Gabriel shopping for cars last night, and you already know Cas is the doctor who treated me for this,” he adds, pointing at his injured shoulder.
“So are we gonna show up like some sort of film crew looking to poach their story out from under them, or just playing tourist?” Dean paused for a second, glancing over at Cas before fixing a stare on Ed. “You heard it through the hunter network that we lived in this area, and the hunter network ain’t got nothin on demon bathroom walls, apparently.”
“No, you’re very good at caring for people. I saw it in the hospital with your brother, and thought it was just because he’s your brother. But you were the same way with Celia earlier, if a more professional version of it. You genuinely
“Because there’s no way in hell you’d ever consider going on a real date with a pathetic loser like me?” he asked, even though he hadn’t intended it to come out like a question.
That’s as far as Cas got in his attempted apology before Dean dragged him in for another kiss. He’d shuffled them several feet across the room toward the bathroom before he stumbled to a stop, breaking their kiss and drawing out a dissatisfied groan from Cas.
to him. Cas shook his head and sighed at himself for even letting himself consider such a wildly unfounded notion, and did his best to file his budding interest in Dean away for further consideration over lunch the next day. Right then, all his focus was for Impala and the story he’d been eagerly anticipating all day.
Dean sputtered out a laugh. “Yeah, if I start telling anyone how I Dr. Phil’ed God and his sister, just punch me in the face or something.”
Cas slowly looked up at him when he didn’t say anything else right away, looking hopeful but wary. Dean just couldn’t brush this opportunity off the way he’d been doing for years now. He couldn’t crush that hope now that he’d let himself feel the truth. For some reason, the universe that had filled the vast majority of his life with unbearable misery had been throwing him this one bit of happiness over and over again. For once, Dean chose to catch it instead of letting it zoom by him yet again. He closed his eyes for a moment and willed himself to speak the words that would’ve rolled off his tongue without a thought if only the spell was still pushing him along. Somehow, it felt better, more real, to be saying them now, of his own free will, and without beating around the bush.
Cas worked his way through everything Dean wasn’t saying. They hadn’t just wished the same wish, but the resulting dream had manifested for them both as a unit. Like a shared heaven. He had more pressing things to worry about before wondering what that could possibly mean for them. “You think the djinn is unaware of the fact that we’re both trapped in the same dream together?”
Finding a parking spot isn’t quite as easy, but at least the rain’s almost completely stopped. And the walk gives him time to explore some less than professional thoughts about the doctor. He noticed the scrubs and rumpled lab coat, which is more than enough to generate a generic Dr. Sexy fantasy or two, but he’d been completely bowled over by the guy’s eyes. The bedhead that’s more likely the result of a long and exhausting day at work than anything pleasurable doesn’t hurt, either. In Dean’s rain-addled fantasy, it isn’t the doctor’s hands that had caused the damage. He shoves those thoughts away as best he can as he nears the building. He isn’t there for a date, and he won’t even be able to think about that sort of thing until he knows Sam is gonna be okay. Dean makes one last mental note to remind himself to look down and see what kind of shoes the guy’s wearing anyway. He’s probably wearing tennis shoes and not cowboy boots. Dean’s pretty sure he doesn’t care. Unlike Dr. Sexy, this guy doesn’t need the cowboy boots to boost his sex appeal. They wouldn’t hurt any, either, Dean concedes.
“Yeah, that’s not much of an option. That’s why I asked you for advice.”
: Or lucky YOU. Since you won’t have to read the mess that had been chapter one until about an hour ago.
“Because nobody is perfect. I’m trying to figure out what annoying habit you’re holding back on until it’s too late and I already like you enough to tolerate it.”
Cas didn’t care why he could hear the litany of Dean’s prayers so clearly amid the chaos. He latched on to Dean’s thoughts and feelings like a lifeline, whether it was live or just the eternal playback of his memory. It was real, either way, and something the Empty couldn’t take from him or twist to its own purpose.
“Didn’t you talk to Donna all week, too?” Cas asked, evading the question but also making a valid point.
The joy and wonder grew into desperate need, Cas holding on just as tight as a moan escaped Dean’s lips. He couldn’t hide just how much he needed Dean, too, with only a towel barely concealing his growing interest in the proceedings as Dean pressed him back into the counter. When Dean rolled his hips and made it evident that he was feeling the same, Cas stopped worrying that his towel was in danger of slipping off.
“That’s longer than my parents had,” Dean said quietly, rethinking what he actually had with Cas in an entirely new light as he came to terms with what had really been upsetting him all day. “Guess we met because of angels, too. Only we both had a choice in the rest of it.”
“Dr. Novak?” the woman asked, nodding in Cas’s direction. “He’ll be fine.”
“I take it you’re
Sam, Dean and Cas sat there blinking at the screen as Lorna and her cameraman ran up to the scene of destruction and the closing credits rolled.
“Hello, Samuel,” Rowena said through the glass, bending down to look him right in the face. “Close your mouth before you start catching flies, and at least roll down the window,” she added, hanging up her phone and pulling a small vial out of her pocket. “Drink this and you’ll be right as rain.”
“Don’t lie to yourself, Dean. It’s no different than you apprenticing with Mick was. You’re just a different kind of nerd. And at least Pamela pays me for it.”
“I think my only regret is that I can no longer take away your pain.”
: I admire your tenacity, but I hope doing that much editing at work didn’t negatively impact your job performance.
Cas steps into the bathroom and turns on the light. It feels like the entire room has been carved out of a mountainside, decorated with deep slate tile inset with bright blue and green glass in a random pattern that, if he squints, almost looks like a trickling stream meandering across the floor. It’s not quite as large as his bathroom at Nick’s, but it’s lovely and serene, and he doesn’t have to share it with anyone else. Gabriel pushes past him and opens up the cupboard in the corner of the room.
“How sad is it that all my friends are in my pocket?” he muttered under his breath, but then smiled as their words filled the screen.
“You didn’t drag me, Dean. I fell willingly, because I love you, too. I want to do everything I can to make you as happy as you’ve made me.”
“He just started in on the entrees for the fourth time,” Sam replied.
choose to get all snuggly with him.
It settled in on him as he dropped his stack of clean clothes on the counter in the bathroom that the blur of the last day only began to come into focus when he’d met Cas. He could barely remember the face of any of the hundred other people he’d met, but Cas had stuck instantly. Sure they would’ve gotten to know each other regardless since they’d be sharing this apartment and their shifts in the emergency room for the next few years, but the serendipity of having met the way they did hadn’t escaped him.
Dean’s eyes widened as he crossed the room to stand beside Cas, marveling at the rather spacious ensuite with a large shower tiled in pinkish grey marble. “Whoa, fancy. I think this is probably the first time in my life I’ve ever had my own bathroom, let alone one this nice.”
Dean just shook his head and set his phone down. “It was either an elaborate hoax, or Wulf there’s got a lot more going on than he’s telling the audience.”
Cas shrugged, smiling ever so slightly and shoving his hands in the pockets of the lab coat he was still wearing. “I suppose it does, in so many words. I mean, my father knew I wasn’t really interested in dating when I was a teenager. He outright forbade it the one time he thought I was growing too close to another boy in my class, though. When I got to college, I dated a handful of people of various genders, but I was too overwhelmed by my course load to invest any real effort in a relationship. I always figured I’d have time to meet someone I really connected with eventually.”
Dean choked at her use of the word
“Apologies, then, for interfering with that exciting plan, but as I currently don’t have my phone, I think texting is out of the question,” Cas replies, sliding his arm around Dean’s waist and turning his body into Dean’s. He looks up to see the hopeful arousal in Dean’s eyes.
“Major fuckup,” he mutters to himself, shaking his head as he ignores one of the nurses he blows past in the hallway when she asks if he’s okay. He squeezes his eyes shut for a moment and can’t suppress the sarcastic laugh that bubbles out of his throat as he pushes through the break room door. “Someone
His thoughts immediately went to Feathers’ fic. There was no way in hell he could continue reading that at school. The part of the story he’d left off on wasn’t exactly family friendly, but it wasn’t smut. Maybe being up on stage during a question and answer session had just reminded him of the Unnatural convention panel he’d been reading about in the story. Dean spared a thought for Feathers, and wondered if he was experiencing a similar frustration over not being able to keep reading his fic, too.
Dean snorted and opened the tube of antibiotic cream. Even the worst of the scrapes wasn’t too bad, but even surface abrasions could be a bitch. Cas had been wearing a heavy canvas jacket, but he’d taken a few tumbles and landed on his back at least twice that Dean had seen. Who knew that wrestling a duck in a graveyard could be so traumatic? He gently applied a thin layer of the soothing ointment and Cas slowly relaxed his muscles by degrees beneath Dean’s fingertips, and the relief was evident to Dean in Cas’s reflection in the mirror.
Dean laid Cas out on his bed and crawled up after him, straddling his thighs while Cas reached up to pull him down for another searing kiss.
“I, um… no. No, what I write now is definitely not for children.” Cas took a deep breath and then turned back to him with a smile pasted on. “When I came to the realization that I’d likely never be able to make writing a full-time career and accepted this job, I established a firm boundary. I needed something in my life that didn’t revolve around children.”
Dean nodded along, already eager to read it, even though Feathers had barely begun to write it. He wasn’t feeling pushy enough to ask to read over Feathers’ shoulder while he wrote, but the second he was done...
“Eventually we would’ve learned more about one another,” Cas insisted. “Become more comfortable with one another. You could’ve told me about your life, about your family and who you are. I certainly would’ve told you the same about me, given time to get to know you in person.”
Okay, not that I’m not grateful you asked me, but you did not buy those tickets for me, Dean. Who do I need to give a stern talking to for standing you up? Wait, it’s not your sexy librarian, is it? DID HE ACTUALLY TURN YOU DOWN? Or did you just chicken out of asking him? ARE YOU THE ONE I NEED TO GIVE THE STERN TALKING TO?
“Ew, gross, Sam,” Dean said, stopping just outside the shelter and setting his nice, clean grill down on a clear patch of ground. “There’s probably mice nesting in it or some shit. And when do you think the last time it was cleaned was? Because I’m betting it was never.”
Dean slurped his coffee and nodded. “Could be. Or could just be one of the fakes found a spellbook or some trinket that gives them real psychic powers.”
And with that, Cas logged off, shut his laptop, and laid his head back against the cushions. He’d only known Dean three days, and he’d only begun pushing his boundaries with Impala for the same amount of time. How the hell had his life become so complicated in less than a week?
“Yeah, we heard about that one,” Dean replied. “Guess that kept you busy for a while.”
All day as he drove, Dean had been plagued by a hundred different imaginary scenarios in which he professed his love for Cas, only for Cas to reply in increasingly painful ways. At first, Imaginary Cas would simply be confused, or dismissive, or even intrigued but politely distant with him. As the day wore on, Imaginary Cas’s reactions progressed from regret to concern to distress, and finally outright disgust. Dean had reached the point where he felt he’d effectively buried any impulse he might ever have to say those damning words aloud somewhere on the Massachusetts Turnpike, honesty curse or no. His frequent glances into the back seat, only to see Cas also growing increasingly distracted and tense the closer they got to their destination, worked as both an affirmation that he could keep his mouth shut through anything, and weirdly a comfort that he wasn’t alone with his troubling thoughts.
“That’s where you’re wrong, Cassie,” Gabriel replies, pulling a red and white after dinner mint from his pocket and unwrapping it with a flourish before tossing it in his mouth. “I just came from a very interesting meeting with the chief of medicine and our illustrious Ms. Barnes. Billie’s suspected what Nick’s been doing for years, but without anyone sticking around long enough to file a formal complaint, her hands have been tied. She was mighty interested in hearing the details of what happened yesterday.”
For a strange moment while Cas’s back was turned, Dean had the sudden realization that by most metrics, they sort of were dating. Just without the official dates part. Or the whole talking about it part. Or a handful of other parts Dean had always considered integral to his romantic relationships, but was beginning to wonder if they even applied at all to Cas, bringing him back around to their whole earlier conversation.
Rowena hands Dean Sam’s phone, giving Sam a concerned glance. “I put my number in there. Will you have him call me to let me know that he’s okay?”
“Hey Cas, hope you got some decent sleep. I apparently missed you by minutes last night. This whole deal sucks.”
. It kinda makes him wonder.
Dean clears his throat. “Yeah, in case you just wanted to talk about tattoos after hours sometime, too. You know, or maybe get coffee or something.”
“Yeah, and I don’t have to keep my distance now,” Dean replied.
“No,” Cas replied, now staring openly at Dean as if he’d grown another head. “I don’t want any of that. Well, maybe I’d like to buy the good coffee, but you already apologized for that and agreed with me. Problem solved. But I
“I want you inside me,” Cas said quietly, and Dean tried to stop, but Cas had him locked in place and kept their pace. Cas wasn’t finished talking, and he wanted Dean to listen. “I want to be inside you. I want to taste you and suck every last drop out of you until we’re one. I don’t want this to stop. I want you here, just like this, forever. I want you in every way you’ll have me, Dean.”
: It’s unfortunately about time for me to hit the hay. I gotta work tomorrow. I’m gonna open it up the second I walk back through my door tomorrow night, though.
“Hi, mom,” Jack said, and Kelly turned to him, the illusion of Heaven shattering even before she fully faced him.
Naked.
“I assume she knows that I’m involved in this, too?” Cas asks, wondering if his career is already on the line. Billie has the power to make or break him, and he’s never sure exactly where he stands in her books. She can be more than a little intimidating.
Sam nods approvingly, while Cas looks confused. “You don’t need to do that, Dean. I’m sure Pamela will bring me back after the meeting. I know you have your shop to run.”
It had freaked Dean out, running into him the way he had. When he’d first noticed Cas at the lot, it had knocked the breath out of his chest. When he’d noticed Gabriel standing beside him, Dean had gone through a roller coaster of self-doubt and embarrassment, wondering if he’d seriously misinterpreted their flirting from the previous day, before being swooped up by the next hill when it became clear that Gabriel was just a good friend. A good friend who’d clearly picked up on the intense connection between them that Dean was still attempting to puzzle out, and had been astute enough to swap car shopping buddies with him to give them some space to figure themselves out. Dean’s pretty sure he’s eventually gonna owe Gabriel a fruit basket or something.
Ed stared at him like he’d grown a second head. “That’s it? You’ll help?”
Sam blinked at her, torn between really seeing her and being carried away on the new rush of thoughts coming from inside the diner. And holy hell, the two of them weren’t wasting any time. He grimaced at the bottle, not because he was afraid of drinking Rowena’s potion, but because it was his last hope of severing that mental connection before he’d be subjected to any more of Dean and Cas’s emotional outpouring. Whatever the side effects might be, it couldn’t be as bad as the combination of acute diabetes and the oncoming aneurism listening to any more of their thoughts would surely give him.
A thumping noise and a few muffled curses emanated from the camper, and Wulf cast a concerned glance back at it before speaking louder again. “Why don’t you let me help you collect your belongings. We’re going to need to begin filming shortly.”
“Jeans off if you’re going to do that,” Cas grumbled, pointing down at Dean’s pants as he finally stepped out of the puddle of his own clothes at his feet. “There is such a thing as too much friction, and I believe denim is on the other side of that line right now.”
of all things. Any respect Dean may have had for him as a writer, and possibly as a person, would go flying out the window.
“Nick is displeased with the panel’s assessment,” Cas says. “He thinks Gabriel and I conspired to frame him for his mistake. The panel refuses to consider it a valid conclusion based on the facts presented. I believe he’s now actively threatening to destroy all of their careers unless they amend their ruling to exclude any culpability for Mr. Adler’s death from his record.”
Dean finally shook himself free of the hallway and carefully stepped out into the living room, looking around with slightly fresher eyes than he’d taken it in with when his arms had been full and his only thought had been putting it all down. Now he could see a few of Cas’s personal items on the shelves flanking the television, where he’d clearly made an effort to make the place feel a little less sterile and devoid of personality. When he stopped to study a framed photo, Cas took the liberty of walking over and peering over his shoulder.
Cas laughs now, but it’s not a happy sound. “Then he’s in for an unpleasant awakening tomorrow.”
“They were probably just looking for an excuse,” Dean replied.
Ed, the only one of them who’d never gotten a real look at a reaper, made a choking sound, but to his credit he swallowed his fear and held firm. Meanwhile Wulf gave Lorna a good long look at the horror of his true form before resuming the mask she’d come to know.
“When the Men of Letters locked half that stuff up, they had no idea how to break the curses, but the three of us could probably take care of all of them in a couple of days, easy.”
To Dean’s surprise, Sam didn’t poke fun at him. He even seemed to consider it a potential asset. “Good. So be sure to point out anyone or anything suspicious to one of us, and if we can’t see ‘em, we’ll know they’re probably involved in this.”
Cas had been reaching for another book, just to his right in the 900’s, but froze for a moment before picking up the heavy tome on ancient architecture and cities and turning toward the shelves. Dean frowned as Cas avoided looking directly at him, and had to clear his throat before replying.
“It’ll save us a trip back down later,” Cas said as he got out his key and checked the box.
Jody snorted. “I take it Meg relieved you, then?”
Charlie eventually finished her coffee and got up to toss the cup in the trash. She sat back down beside Dean and gave him a stern look.
Cas shrugged. “I was hoping it would be a nice surprise. And I didn’t expect it to take this long. Although I admittedly did become distracted from researching potential cases by the search for local tourist attractions. Did you know there’s very little to do in this part of the country?”
“Too bad Nick didn’t screw you over two weeks ago. Coulda saved you a month’s rent,” Gabriel grumbles.
Rather than risk insulting or disgusting Cas, Dean had stammered out a quick explanation that food could definitely be sensual, and some people enjoyed making it a part of sex, but foods weren’t necessarily sexual themselves. Cas had stared at him, and then nodded slowly.
of the books,” Lindsey had tentatively said the first time they’d chatted. “More like I
Dean got the batter mixed and poured, and set the oven timer for twenty minutes. He gave Cas a nudge, initiating their evening ritual sequence as they both headed toward their rooms, lingering in the hallway when Dean stopped just outside his door.
Cas considered him for a moment while he caught his breath. “Okay, then.”
“This won’t be considered a conflict of interest, that Sam’s assisting you with my case?” Cas asks.
Dean gave a little laugh at that, rubbing a hand over his face. He was already beginning to wonder if that time might be right now. Or beginning to hope that Cas might be that person. And therein lay the danger.
Dean groaned when he saw it, and dove back in for another hungry kiss. It was too much, more than he ever could’ve hoped for. Feathers was simply too much for him, and he’d never wanted anyone or anything as badly as he wanted Cas in that moment. This was better than any fanfic either of them had ever contrived, and if he wasn’t careful it was gonna be over before it even started.
“That’s actually admirable, Gabriel.”
Cas cut him off with a kiss before Dean could suggest any additional disturbing pet names, and Dean wasn’t about to object. It was the reaction he was hoping for, actually.
He gets up from his desk and stuffs his phone in his pocket, not expecting to hear back from Cas any time soon. His first appointment is due in the shop in half an hour, though, so he heads to the kitchen for the rest of his coffee and then goes downstairs to get his day started.
“So, what are the two of you going to do now?” Cas asked.
The opposite, actually. I’m really digging the super secret access to your fic, in case that wasn’t obvious.
“There was that time at that nursing home,” Cas replied. “There was cake.”
Gabriel nods, shutting the cupboard. “At least you know where it is now. Mi casa es tu casa, for the foreseeable future anyway.” He walks around the kitchen, opening cabinets and drawers, showing Cas where everything he might need can be found. “I just ask that if you use something up, you replace it. We passed the grocery store on the way here, in case you missed it. If you ever need to buy more than you can carry, since I know you walk everywhere, I keep a running list and usually hit the store Friday afternoon on my way home,” he adds, tapping his finger on the notepad stuck to the side of the fridge.
If he was lucky, he could sneak in a few hours editing the rest of his own fic before Feathers even got home from work, and then spend the rest of the night reading and trading comments with Feathers.
“I thought since we were so early we could take the long way to the hospital.”
“Good,” Dean said on a sigh, finally opening his eyes and raising his gaze back to Cas. “That’s good.”
After the flash of heart-stopping panic at the thought of sending Cas a link to his AO3 account subsided, Dean had done his best to brush off the offer with a joke. Someone like Cas, who’d given up on writing professionally to escape the grind of the publishing industry, wouldn’t be interested in reading his amateur fanfic. Especially not a guy who wanted to write fantasy novels for
“Still, I don’t need you to go all obsessive on this. I know you still gotta work, too. Live a life that I’m missing out on right now.”
“Shit, what time is it?” Dean asks, having been so absorbed in his work he’d ceased to notice time passing at all.
“Pick one of them, and let the other go.”
“Damn, no wonder falling down wrecked Sam’s shoulder,” Dean says, twisting and stretching his back, rolling the shoulder now free of its burden. “If he carries that damn thing around all day I got a new appreciation for how often he calls me for a ride. Damn.”
Dean stopped what he was doing, considering that, and then shrugged. “She’s good people, though. Knows what she’s doing, and is great with patients. I have yet to see her need to stick someone twice to get a blood draw, so maybe you’re right about that.”
“Well, go on,” he says, no idea where this courage is coming from. “See if you’re my angel.”
“I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you through all that. But I take it you’re trying to fix what Chuck broke now.”
Dean gives him a look like Cas is being incredibly thick. “Like I’m gonna make you go in there alone. Fuck that. I can take some time off. It’s one of the perks of running my own shop. The boss is really generous with leave.”
Cas stood quietly by the stove, waiting for the kettle to heat up so he could make himself a cup of that awful hot chocolate. Dean slipped off his coat and tossed it over the nearest chair, watching Cas dump packets of chocolate-flavored powder into mugs, wondering if he was really allowed to be this happy about tiny dehydrated marshmallows, and if he was really allowed to keep this absolute disaster of a fallen angel for himself.
Unless Jack had suddenly taken up morning coffee duty, it was evident that Sam was awake, too, since a nearly-full pot of coffee sat waiting for them on the counter of the little kitchen nook. Dean headed over and poured a mug, then turned and wordlessly offered it to Cas. Cas sighed contentedly and took a sip while Dean poured himself a mug. From the deserted living room, Dean assumed that Sam and Jack must be out on the cabin’s porch, and with a glance at Cas the two of them quietly made their way to the front door.
“God, all I wanted to do downstairs was get my hands on you,” Dean says, carefully avoiding the bandage as he kisses across Cas’s collarbone.
Dean groaned. “Not those fuckers again. One leprechaun is enough for a lifetime.”
Dean nodded. “Yeah, this is real. You were drugged, but we took care of it.”
“You know, I think I’ve grown to like it here on earth with you.”
“Well, today has officially taken a turn for the surreal. Okay, Ed. You got our attention. Now what do you want us to do about it?”
His crisis of potential rejection mercifully didn’t hit him until he was loading Cas’s novelty grocery bags into the trunk. He was gonna have to lug everything upstairs by himself. That hadn’t been an issue when he’d plotted out his shopping trip. So he’d have to make two trips instead of one. It wasn’t that big a deal. But what if Cas would prefer it? What if, after all of this plotting to get to the bottom of their scheduling woes, Cas decided he preferred the solitude of their staggered shifts?
It hit him like an earthquake, the two boxes he’d kept the separate halves of his life locked away in for years suddenly slamming together with enough force that they disintegrated entirely, leaving him completely free, grasping Cas’s hand like a lifeline.
“You’re thanking us and you’re still calling me dumbass?”
“I think what this morning calls for is a brisk constitutional,” Cas declared, crossing the kitchen and startling Dean when he ended up hovering in his personal space. Cas gave him a fond look, and then cleared away the two mugs Dean had set on the counter, opening a different cupboard and pulling down two large travel mugs instead. He held them up for Dean’s approval. “If we’re lucky, Maricella will have a fresh batch of guava pastries for us by the time we get to the hospital.”
“Welcome to sunny Miami, right?” Dean replied. “I knew people in LA who’d call out of work rather than drive through shit like this.”
Cas laughed and shook his head. “I keep forgetting you must be exhausted. While I’d like to continue our conversation and sort out our living arrangements, I feel like we should leave that for later. You should take care of your needs, and maybe we can talk it all out over dinner, whenever you’re feeling human again.”
“That did sound pleasant,” Cas replied, letting go of the menu and dropping his hand to his lap as the waitress came over and filled their water glasses.
Dean sat there, dumbstruck, holding Cas’s hand across the table. No,
Dean rolled his eyes and shifted in his chair. “Meg called me a dumbass twice in the span of two minutes just now, but I’m the unprofessional one for working well with my colleague? Please.”
Cas studied him for a minute and then grinned. “If you’re up for it, I’ve been meaning to watch the baking programs Sam added to the Netflix queue for me.”
“God, Cas, this is crazy, right?” He looks down into Cas’s eyes, and Cas reaches up, running his hands down Dean’s sides to the back of his thighs. Dean groans, driving his hips forward and diving into another kiss that quickly turns frantic and breathless as they writhe together. Dean reaches down between them, lifting enough to get a hand around both of them. Cas whines at the momentary loss of friction but then practically growls at the aching drag as they move together in Dean’s fist. Cas’s hands find their way up Dean’s body, holding on for dear life as Dean takes him apart one kiss at a time with a steady roll of their bodies..
The chief nodded. “Yeah, but it had its down side, too. We had one guy come in to confess to public indecency. He and his buddies streaked around town the night they graduated high school. He insisted on accepting his punishment, but the statute of limitations ran out more than fifty years ago. He’s in his eighties now, and practically begged us to throw him in jail for his crime.” She shook her head. “We let him stay the night in the holding cell, and that seemed to satisfy him.”
Dean stared at him for a good long minute before sighing and turning around. “It’s pretty much our normal life, right? I mean, this is just one more stop on the road. I’m betting we could get in the Impala and drive back to the bunker and look for another hunt. This fucking djinn didn’t even try to take that from me this time. Hell, for all I know Sam’s back there waiting for one of us to call. But...”
As just one of a dozen or so staff members sharing podium space at the orientation assembly, he was counting on everyone else covering most of the basics. He wouldn’t need to discuss school policies, or remind parents of his contact information. This was just supposed to be about putting a face to his name in the school directory, and reassuring everyone of his qualifications to be there in the first place. All he had to do was not shove his own foot in his mouth. At the rate he was going, that was beginning to sound like a better option than trying to come up with a clever speech.
“Why would I do either of those things?” Cas replied.
“I think you’ll find that our permit guarantees us full, uninterrupted access to the entire park. We’re setting up sensitive scientific equipment,” she said, narrowing her eyes at Dean and then glaring down at the football he was still tossing back and forth between his hands. “Equipment that is incompatible with amateur sports hour.”
“It’s brutal out there. Even the ducks seemed to think it’s too wet outside,” she said as she wedged her huge golf umbrella in her locker. At least it had kept her dry, Dean thought.  “They were all huddled together under the big live oak.”
“That would definitely save the trouble of having to actually go out,” Cas agreed.
For some reason, it
be at least tangentially involved in the fandom.
Cas made a surreptitious inventory of the items in Dean’s cart as he carefully set the pie back down. A small variety of fruit, a loaf of bread and some cold cuts, a case of soda, a box of cereal and a bag of potato chips. It didn’t seem like much for a week’s worth of meals, but he wasn’t one to judge based on the contents of his own cart. Dean must’ve noticed him frowning between their rather sad selections.
“Yeah, well, they both deserved it,” Dean grumbled.
Sam nodded his approval, and Dean and Cas finished whatever weird flirting-not-flirting thing they were doing. Cas picked up the letter and read the rest of it.
Cas stood and stared at Jack, overwhelmed with emotion. Pride and happiness and relief gave way to shock in the moment he realized he could truly choose his own path forward in Jack’s liberated world. There was no burden of duty to consider, only choice.
They spend the next hour or so working out every detail from the most mundane day to day living arrangements to the intricacies of Gabriel’s plan to discredit Nick. Cas insists on signing a formal lease with Gabriel, and Gabriel decides to charge him half what Nick did as long as Cas agrees to spend the rest on a decent car for himself. Cas tries to object, saying he doesn’t need a car, but Gabriel glares at him until he relents and agrees to become a motorist by the end of the weekend.
It was Dean’s turn to break out laughing. “Dude, I probably have a million annoying habits. If you want a list, you should probably just call my brother and ask him. He’d be glad to tell you how annoying I can be.”
“You know if it was my choice, I don’t ever want you to leave, right?”
“Whatever,” Dean said with a weak attempt at gruffness that came out more fond than anything. He really missed Charlie, and wished she was there to give him a hug. She gave great hugs. “Thanks again, for everything.”
“Soup’s on.”
Dean’s laughing so hard now he’s trying to keep from falling out of bed. He can’t believe how easy it is to talk to Cas, and wishes again that he were there in person.
“So suddenly you’re the most honest town in America, and it’s looking like you’re gonna be out of a job?” Dean asked, giving her a conspiratorial little smile.
“So you told her yes, right?” Dean asked, and Cas nodded. “And she put the rest of it together from that.”
With a wry smile, Cas replied, “Lucky for us, I don’t believe we need economics degrees to determine who stands to gain the most from this. It might just take an inconveniently long time to work it all out.”
Dean made a face at that and shook his head. “More like I don’t wanna have to scrub your guts outta the woodwork. Just be careful, okay?”
“Donna makes a mean pecan pie,” Jody added. “You’re gonna love it.”
So here we are, at the end of the beginning. Everything above could've been the finale we got, and this final chapter works as coda fic to that episode. There will be more, because this was just the beginning, and the universe is filled with endless possibility. But for now, let's let Dean and Cas make a few choices of their own...
Dean chuckled at Cas’s confidential tone. “Less traumatic to volunteer in the library, or to write the speech?”
: Yeah, well, he must be pretty fucking hard up for reading material. Either that or he needs a good laugh.
It was Cas’s turn to lay a reassuring hand on Dean’s shoulder. They exchanged a long look before Ed picked up his story yet again.
“Don’t drink so much that you pass out before we get this resolved,” Cas warned him as he squeezed the open bottle between the sofa cushions for safekeeping.
Cas gave him an approving nod and led the way back to his office, pulling out the cart of books and passing it to Dean. “Then who am I to stand in the way of a generous offer like that?”
“That sounds reasonable,” Cas replied, and then his shower door clattered open and their conversation was effectively on hold while they retreated to their respective rooms to change.
without, you know…”
“Witch lady?” Sam asked. “Who, specifically?”
. It clearly had to be a mistake. Dean slowly reached up and laid his hand on Cas’s cheek, partly to assure himself that this was real and partly to make everything else stop spinning. Cas’s gasp let him know it was real, and if he focused on Cas’s eyes everything else ceased to matter anyway.
“We’re just us now. As far as we can tell, Amara is human, and I might be about as powerful as Rowena, but we’re both permanently cut off from cosmic power now. And so is the rest of creation. It’s a self-sustaining habitat now, but…” he looked to Amara again for encouragement, and she gave it with a little nod. “But we’re hoping that now that we’re both effectively human, that we might impose on your hospitality, at least until we figure out what to do with our lives.”
He spends the next few hours completely obsessed with the angel in a lab coat, wondering if he’s making progress or just wandering farther and farther into the weeds.
“You guys think you could drop me off by my van?” Ed asked. “I think I’m gonna get back on the road tonight. I can probably make it to Wisconsin by dawn if I start driving now.”
“I was just about to text you,” Cas says as he shrugs out of his lab coat and pulls on his trench. “I’m sorry I’m late,” Cas starts, but Gabriel cuts him off with a laugh.
“And no hunters in the area whose lockup made it to Storage Wars?” Dean asked while Cas poured them each a glass of milk and grabbed a package of cookies from the cupboard. It was only a little disappointing after watching people bake elaborate desserts for the last four hours, but they were both craving sugar so desperately the store-bought cookies would have to do for now. “You got any leads?”
“Well, I don’t think I can offer you any help with that, then,” Cas said, nodding in sympathy. “Would it help you to think of it as something you’re writing to be printed in a newsletter, or sent as an email? Sometimes approaching a conundrum from a different angle changes everything.”
He read the whole thing again to make sure he didn’t sound too eager or clingy. He’d just met the guy, after all, and told him he basically doesn’t have any other friends here yet. It’s not like Dean’s desperate for human company or anything, but Cas had really done a number on him in the few minutes they’d talked. He was definitely someone Dean wanted to get to know better, but he could be patient. Dean plugged in Cas’s email address and hit send.
“Well, first we’re going to free these trapped souls,” Cas began, holding up the bowl and then walking toward the picnic shelter.
Kelly looked confused by this, but Mary frowned.
Dean shrugged one shoulder. “Never really thought I could, you know? Spent most of the last decade playing cosmic catch up. It didn’t really leave a lot of time for a social life.” Dean snorted at the recollection and then grinned at Cas. “Even you judged me once for never going to parties.”
When they left the hospital on Friday evening, with their first actual weekend off ahead of them, they hardly knew what to do with themselves. On Tuesday, Cas had convinced Dean to let him help bring Dean’s remaining possessions in from his car. Every night that week, they’d stopped by the Impala on their way home from the hospital and each of them had carried a bag or box up to the apartment. By Friday, only Dean’s carefully packed collection of posters remained. For the last twenty four hours, Dean had been debating what exactly to do with them. When Cas detoured toward the Impala on their way home, Dean stopped in the parking lot knowing he needed to make a decision and still having no idea what to choose.
“Yeah, you’re
“Dean’s right,” Castiel said. “Most supernatural beings are well aware that the bunker is in this part of Kansas. They tend to stay the hell away from the whole area. Yet Wulf and his people even filed for permits and announced their plans publicly. Either he’s not a demon, or he’s specifically trying to draw us out for some reason.”
Dean had turned beet red right there in the coffee shop where they’d met. “Yeah, well it worked as a joke back then. Now I’m just feeling kinda awkward about it.”
Dean fluffs up his pillows, turns out the light, and psychs himself up to read Cas’s reaction to the detailed sketches he’d sent that morning.
“That’s great and all, but is there actually a plan for any of it?” Ed asked hesitantly. “Or are we just gonna march up to these guys in broad daylight basically covered in weapons? Because that doesn’t seem like much of a plan.”
And yet, for whatever strange reason he couldn’t explain, he’d thought that Impala might understand. Not only that, for the first time in his adult life, he actually
“First report I could find for sure was about three weeks ago. A man dinged a car door with a shopping cart at the grocery store, then stood there for forty five minutes waiting for the owner of the car to finish shopping so he could pay for the damage.”
Gabriel laughs and braces himself with a hand on Cas’s shoulder. “Once in a very long while, the planets align and you stumble over a unicorn, and you just need to let loose and throw a party.”
Jody gave her an approving nod. “Petty, but definitely possible. I think the four of us are just gonna have to start playing detective and get to the root of this, because this whole deal feels rotten to the core. The way Crowley laid it all out for us, it feels like we’re just the unfortunate pawns in a big, petty game.”
at the time, but my sister went to visit a friend down in Delaware last weekend. I know she was lying through her teeth while she was down there. She ran into her ex and called me up to complain about having to act polite toward him for a couple hours at a party. No way in hell she felt compelled to be honest if she managed to be polite to that dick.”
“You shouldn’t let anyone pull you down, man. I know how hard you worked to get where you are, basically giving up anything like a social life for years to succeed at what you wanted to do. And now here I am telling you my sob story about my hellish childhood, and now you’re content to settle for some slob who barely leaves this building and spends all his time drawing pictures on people.”
Cas shrugged and took another sip. “I don’t know that there will be any sort of formal quiz on this experience, but it does make me curious to try some of the others. If they’re all as good as this one, it seems a shame not to.”
Dean shrugged, and then nodded. “You want me to try again? Take a do over?”
The Lincoln absolutely did need an oil change and the tire pressure was a little low from being in storage so long, but it was nothing he couldn’t take care of. He took the liberty of driving the Lincoln to the closest auto parts shop to pick up everything he’d need and filled her tires and her gas tank while he was out. He also picked up an order of ropa vieja and a side of plantains from their favorite Cuban restaurant so he could work on the car instead of cooking dinner. By the time he finished the work and made it back inside, exhausted but thoroughly proud of himself, his stomach was growling and he barely had enough energy to eat, let alone do anything else.
“Yeah, I know the douchebag in question. Please tell me he’s going down too.”
“You didn’t strike me as the suit wearing type,” Cas says, hanging it back up at the end of the rack beside the shirt and tie Dean picked for him.
Cas walks over and sits down a respectable distance away. He fills Dean in on everything that had happened. Dean politely restrains himself from laughing when Cas gets to the part about what he did to his phone, but he nearly busts a blood vessel trying to hold it in. Cas has pity on him.
“Good thing I talked you into getting the Mustang, then,” Dean replies softly, finally smiling again, but Cas keeps right on talking.
In a few short weeks, though, his entire life had been upended. He hadn’t once come home from work and holed up in his room alone. He hadn’t once gone out just to get out of the apartment for a few hours to have time to himself. Dean and Cas had effectively spent all their free time together, sharing the same activities, having all their meals together, and even showering at the same time so they could sing together through the thin wall between their respective bathrooms. What if Cas had had enough of all that togetherness?
Cas looked at Dean, who shrugged and answered, “We got a huge pot of leftover chili from last night. I can throw together another batch of cornbread, and you’re welcome to help us demolish it.”
Dean was at a loss for a reply to that, but luckily he was spared from having to come up with something by Mildred getting everyone’s attention and bringing the meeting to order. Dean sat there only half listening to her welcoming everyone back and going over the day’s schedule. He’d already memorized it, and most of it didn’t even apply to him anyway. He’d be spending most of the day in the library, trying not to let his thoughts keep drifting back to Cas.
Sam nodded. “I’ve got the same one. Well, except mine’s bigger.”
Cas nods. “Wings. Across my back and arms. It seems like a complicated endeavor, and I’ve been putting it off almost as long as I’ve been considering having it done.”
“Should I ask how you know that, or is it part of the long story?” Ed said, looking at each of them uncertainly. When no one seemed eager to answer, he sat back in his chair. “Okay then. Later. Those books were apparently not as detailed as they’d lead you to believe.”
“See, this is exactly what I told Balthazar. Normal people just buy a new car rather than ship an ancient beast of a vehicle halfway across the country.”
The man on his table had been one of several people brought in after a local office building had caught fire. He’d been trapped on the second floor, and had decided to take his chances jumping out the window when the flames closed in on him. One shattered femur and crushed ankle later, with a side order of smoke inhalation, he’d been delivered into the competent hands of Dr. Gabriel Milton, assisted by chief resident Castiel Novak. The man had been on the way to recovery until Lucifer himself swept into the room and decided to take over the case.
: I’m actually really touched my writing helped you when you needed it. I hope you’re feeling better now.
Dean never lets go of his hand as he leads him around the shop pointing out all the hidden sigils among the other artwork, explaining the meaning and purpose of each of them. He immediately rejects the angel banishing sigil despite Dean suggesting with a smirk that it might be useful for keeping Lucifer at bay. There’s symbols designed to reveal the truth, to manifest thoughts into reality, and ward off evils of every variety. In the end, Cas decides it’s easiest and most efficient to get the star symbol Dean showed him first. If his choice feels even more right because it was also Dean’s first tattoo, he admits that’s probably not a bad thing, considering. The look Dean gives him when Cas tells him this is worth it in and of itself.
was inside the bunker, and gripped his gun a little tighter, wondering if he should risk running around to the trunk for more weapons. The phone was still ringing in his hand, though, and answering it would at least give him some sort of idea about what was waiting for him inside. At least he hoped it would. With a resigned sigh, putting aside thoughts of some unknown monster wreaking havoc in his tidy kitchen, he answered.
“There’s still a chance it’s just a bunch of humans who are really, really good at VFX,” Ed said with a frown. “I mean, it’s statistically improbable for a youtube show with a shoestring budget, but not impossible. For all we know, Wulf could be a trust fund brat with a degree in digital editing who bought himself an impenetrable fake ID just to run some long con of a prank on the world for laughs.”
There was another long pause, and Dean began to wonder if Feathers had gone back to writing, if their conversation was over for now. Feathers surprised him again.
Cas gave a little wave when he was out in the hall, and Dean turned on his heel and headed toward his office. Even burdened by the heavy box, Dean’s steps were lighter than they’d been all day. He’d already been made to feel welcome by Mildred and the other staff, but for the first time since he’d been hired, he felt his anxiety over his entire move beginning to slip away. Cas had done more than make him feel welcome, he’d made him feel at ease.
“You wouldn’t happen to be able to tune into the witch’s thoughts and know where he’s going now?” Cas asked, putting aside the freakiness of this situation to think about how they might turn this little hiccup to their advantage.
), and a DVD labeled Casa Erotica 13 (
“Wow, that really sucks, Cas,” Dean says, his frown growing into a hint of a smile. “But if you got Pamela on your side, you’re gonna be fine. She’s fucking terrifying.”
Dean once again had that adorable deer in the headlights look, like he hadn’t even been aware that he’d ventured out of his own writing niche. “Uh, yeah, I guess it is. Might make a fun story to write, though.”
“You look like shit,” Dean said. “You shoulda stopped to sleep.”
Dean glanced at Cas, and then at the camper, and tucked the folded pages into his pocket.
“So, have you noticed whether it’s the entire town that seems to be on the truth train?”
“That’s why I’m here, dumbass,” Meg replied, holding up her gloved hands before slipping them beneath Dean’s and applying pressure on the wound. “Don’t keep Crowley waiting. You know how he gets. And he doesn’t seem particularly happy just as a baseline. Consider that your friendly tip of the day.”
He made it exactly four steps before a second wave of feelings pounded into him. Sam immediately regretted that metaphor as he processed exactly what he was sensing. His duffel bag slid from his shoulder and hit the floor while he stood there, both mortified and stunned by the intensity of the emotions. He caught fleeting images of hands and mouths and eyes, but he’d been rendered immobile by the profound and overwhelming wonder and awe and… and
“Maybe not, but it might help
Cas tilted his head ever so slightly to the side as if this was fascinating new information to him. “You moved to the area recently, then?”
Cas left him to pull himself together and pointed at the door, wiping away a tear and trying desperately to stop laughing. He managed to gasp out something Dean thought was, “I’ll get it, I suppose.”
“Like I said, I got a lot of friends who’ve worked or still work in publishing. I write stories I wanna tell, not necessarily stories anyone else wants to read, and I’m good with that.”
“So he danced,” Dean replied. “And what, he talked Naomi into voting with him on this whole idiotic plan with the lure that it would only take a few weeks before they could set everything right again? So she wasn’t in on the dating game scheme?”
Unlike when he entered Mary’s heaven, Jack didn’t worry about formality when he moved himself and Mary into his mother’s heaven. She’d be glad to see him, and he couldn’t wait to tell her that he’d finally won. He found Kelly in an unexpected corner of her memories this time, cooking lunch for herself as she sang to him and rubbed her swollen belly the day before he’d been born.
“Well that was certainly something,” Sam said.
The horrified look that flashed across Wulf’s face at the suggestion confirmed that he was not there of his own free will. At least, not entirely.
Cas raises an eyebrow at him, glances down at Dean’s shoulder now covered by his sleeve again, and shrugs. “I think after this afternoon’s revelations, I’d be a fool to turn down the offer.”
“Take another step and I’ll shoot you in the foot,” Dean said, and Lorna froze in her tracks.
“Even Sunday?” Dean asked. “You bailing on brunchery shopping, too?”
“I won’t say I’m impressed, but that’s because I am very difficult to impress. But I’m not underwhelmed, either,” Crowley started, just as he was paged for a new incoming trauma case. He checked his phone, rolled his eyes, and shoved the phone back in his pocket. “Three minutes to an alcohol poisoning, so I’ll keep this brief. You’re all perfectly competent doctors, and I have full confidence you won’t be responsible for killing anyone accidentally. Go home and sleep, because we’re doing it all again tomorrow.”
: A ringing endorsement. So what do you say? Ready to go?
Dean laughs, digging his fingertips in and drawing more pleased noises out of Cas. “So, you think you’re gonna spend any more nights over there?”
Cas scoffs. “I didn’t make
“I’m almost scared to ask what kinda cars you shortlisted,” Dean replies, picking up his keys and heading toward the door. “But yeah, I’ll make sure I got a clear hour or two tonight.”
“Yeah, and what was that?” Ed asked. “Making a half-assed show about supposedly haunted places? Because let me tell you from personal experience, eventually you’re gonna stumble across something else that’s all too fucking real. If you’re gonna keep it up, at least educate yourself on it, and know what’s cool to broadcast and what you need to keep the fuck quiet about.”
Cas blinks at him in shock, and Dean finally looks back at him again. “Are you really reducing yourself to that? Dean, you worked just as hard as I did, developed a skill that you excel at to a startling degree, as well as running your own successful business that keeps three other people gainfully employed. You’ve helped put your brother through college and law school. You’ve made a large group of friends that you consider family, and you care deeply for all of them. And you’re an artist who not only makes people happy every single day by sharing your talent with them, you create something that adds beauty and joy to the world.”
Hell, for all he knew, Cas’s
“Sure is. She was my dad’s, but he ditched her with me when I was in high school. She needed a lot of work, and my uncle helped me get her back in order.”
again, since Dean’s first casual use of the term when they’d first met. Cas wasn’t ready to pin that label to anything they’d done together yet, at least not until Dean showed any sign that he also thought of them as dates. Their relationship became comfortable, routine. And Cas was fully appreciative of that fact. The novelty of having a close friend he could call when he needed a break from the drudgery of life had definitely not worn off.
Sam hesitated for a moment, but then went for the duffel bag with all their gear and pulled out a box of salt and held it up for Dean to see. Dean shrugged.
“I feel the same way, Dean. I truly enjoy your company in ways I’ve never experienced before. It’s been a genuine pleasure getting to know you, and I don’t like the idea of losing this any more than you do. But no matter what, it’s not like either of us is going to be fired, or sent away. Worst case scenario, we’ll likely have to deal with numerous disruptions to our personal lives over the next four years. It’s probably best we’re having to confront that reality right from the start.”
