“Second of all, there is absolutely no reason to conclude that homoeroticism enters into it in the slightest. They could just be friends larking about.”
John allows his fingers to curl around the bulge in Sherlock’s trousers, and he glories in the sharp intake of breath it elicits when he does. “I’m offering.” A thought strikes him, though, and his hand stills. “But, um, not just…not just playing, Sherlock. If I’m offering, if you take it…it’s not pretend. It’s not just…” Oh, god, to have come this far and now…
Interesting. Refreshing. Pleasant. There were plenty of positive adjectives he could truthfully apply to each subsequent activity she chose, and by the fourth day he’d exhausted them all.
He kissed him. With a gentle press of lips and a delicate slide of tongue, barely there. Compared to what they had been doing a moment before, it was tame, almost chaste, but something in the steady pressure of fingertips and the ferocity of the focus behind every discrete point of contact made it deeply erotic.
It started well. He was safe, comfortable, at ease on the sofa, John engrossed in his book, physically present but occupied. It was time.
It takes John by surprise, this abandon. This whole aspect of their relationship - touching - is still somewhat new, but this…he hasn't seen this before at all. Sherlock so easily admitting to pleasure. It’s new.
John’s grin turned warm and crinkled. “Fine, all right. It did mean care. Of course it did. It will always mean that, Sherlock, no matter what we do. I always want to take care of you.”
Dimly Sherlock became aware of John’s worry and searched for his voice. “John,” he croaked. He cleared his throat. “John.”
“But?” With a visible effort, Sherlock’s hips—though they trembled with the effort—stilled. “But? You don’t...do you want this?”
Sherlock made an effort to draw himself up. It was hindered by John’s implacable grip on his neck. He swallowed, with difficulty. “What are you going to do?”
He sneers. “Then why are you still here?” He doesn’t think his voice trembles. (John never notices anything anyway. Even less than he thought.)
Sherlock blinked twice, three times, but then found John’s comment did not require much processing. It was just true.
What follows is graceless and uncoordinated: Sherlock rears backwards to avoid a knee to the face, but overbalances, rolling off the back of his own foot to land with a thump on his bottom. His feet fly out from under him and he is saved from toppling only by the presence of his chair, which scrapes back an inch or two at the impact.
Here is Sherlock, with his left hand gripping John’s shoulder, head pressed into John’s skin beside it, with his eyes squeezed closed, breathing in deep draughts of the warm-smelling skin of his back. Here is his other hand, upturned and reaching between John’s buttocks, circling, pressing ever so gently, then relenting. Circle, press, relent, as the whorled flesh smooths out under his touch. He puts his earlier rough treatment from his mind. This,
“Shh, lie still, sweetheart. It’s ok.” She rested a soothing hand high on Sherlock’s chest until the detective subsided.
It was only much, much later that they could simply lie together, and smile, and finally talk. The urgency was gone, and so was the halting speech and the shyness. The important questions were already answered.
It is necessary to think about John in this way. Every interaction must now be coupled with deductions, or he’d never know anything. As it is, he is never
John stared at him for another long moment, and then took his hand away. (Sherlock barely avoided sagging, but whether with disappointment or relief he did not know.)
“Hey. Hey, Sherlock.” John is looking more worried now. He has risen from his chair, and come to kneel beside Sherlock where he lies on the sofa. John’s hand is warm on his shoulder, but Sherlock only looks at him with wild, darting eyes. “Sherlock. What is it?”
sufficiently for Sherlock to find himself completely naked on his bed, head propped up on pillows, his own semen drying on his belly, with John—also gloriously bare—on his knees and straddling his chest, his hard cock bobbing inches away from Sherlock’s gaping mouth, close enough to smell but not to touch.
” John lets out a long breath and squeezes his eyes shut. “God, I—” He swallows. “Please, I—” His voice catches. Then John draws back and opens his eyes, and Sherlock has never seen them look so
and Sherlock doesn’t even bother to wonder how he knows that. And when Sherlock’s tongue slips into John’s mouth, the noise that John makes is a joyful noise.
“You need to check if my real naked body matches the picture you have of it, in your mind. The very detailed picture you have, in your mind, of my naked body.” John has no problem with repetition.
I want you, John. You seem, you seem to want me too. You have  licked up the length of my entire body and wrapped yourself around me from every angle. You’ve buried your face—” and her lips twisted but she didn’t stop. “—your whole face in me, and sucked and lapped...John, your fingers, and your tongue...and I let you, I let you, I always let you, because I trust you—”
Then Sherlock shifted her hand so that her thumb pressed directly on John’s plump clitoris, and at the same time curled her fingers just
“Obviously you don’t, you don’t know anything more about this than I do, or you wouldn’t have started spouting bullshit to cover it up.
At length, John spoke again. “So...does this mean we'll do it?” The thought didn't please him as much as he expected it would.
It was one sex act. Very specific. No more absurd than anything else humans did in pursuit of sexual pleasure. It was preposterous that it should be imbued with this much power.
At the pain of the sudden change in sensation, Sherlock’s knees buckled and he sagged against John’s body, all the breath leaving him in a ragged half-moan: “
Accept it, with legs and arms spread wide, with head thrown back, with hips thrust high, from this one impossible woman, in a broad, slack, slick, wet,
“Well, to them, they are.” John can remember - just barely - feeling that way. It seems a long time ago.
Unexpected. There are deductions to be made here, but they are coming slowly, like a developing photograph. They are not quite ready yet for him to look at.
the right place, curled, pressed, and at the same time closed her lips around the small, slick swollen mound of nerve-endings and
No, Sherlock could not be doing this on purpose. He was thoughtless, yes, but never knowingly cruel.
But Sherlock was there, to help her down, with gentle hands stroking up over her hips from behind, supporting her back at the waist as she rolled them both over and eased John down to the pillow beside her.
When he looks at John’s face, though, he sees that he is getting ready to speak. He has seen Sherlock, has seen Sherlock seeing his bare feet, and has become, if anything, more defiant.
Perhaps this could work. If Sherlock was so openly placing her body under John’s touch, perhaps she wouldn’t notice...and John could
so many times that he’d stopped caring that his voice was getting increasingly breathless and desperate or that each new touch, once it had been withheld and then asked for (begged for) and finally bestowed, brought out of him an arching need and a keening whine he could not have disguised even if he had wished to.
With Mary, all touch was a power play. He realises now that she laid hands on him as a way of claiming, of controlling. Even the most casual of contact was fraught with underlying meaning that he mainly didn’t grasp in its entirety but which he was still uneasily aware of. Sex was a complex series of negotiations that he would have been happy to avoid, would almost have not noticed how long they went without, but Mary took pains to ensure it happened regularly and apparently spontaneously.
“How do you know all this, anyway?” John felt the need to redirect this conversation, and quickly. “How do you remember?”
“Yes, that too, if I have to. I don’t—it's not that I like all the anger, I don’t. I don't like the violence, I don’t like how I can’t say what I fucking mean most of the time—”
It was the lightest touches that affected Sherlock the most when she was in this state, and John kept herself firmly under control. It was difficult not to dive right in as Sherlock’s thighs quivered and spread, but John knew if she let Sherlock’s pleasure build on its own, the result would be…spectacular.
“Oh.” Her breath came out in a small gasp. If Sherlock liked the delicate, barely-there touches of tongue, John liked the firm strokes, wide and messy. Noisy. She liked the sloppy slurps and the open-mouthed kisses, and long, broad licks that pressed and dragged.
me. For a start. Just in case.” He tilts his head, shrugs. “But you didn’t. Perhaps it wasn't that important after all.”
It was wonderful, really. Wonderful and heartfelt and warm, and the last thing of all the things that Sherlock had ever really wanted, the last thing he needed to be completely, blissfully happy for his whole life but John was still stood there with his own cock in his hand and this interlude had gone on
“Not really. No parents, no siblings. Big old house in the country being maintained by a manager. No family.”
“It’s not, it’s not all right. Why should we—the fucking nerve. Of course I’ll give it to you. I’ll give you anything you want.”
onto the carpet by the hearth in Baker Street, where it now lies, inert and immovable, filling the space with its gravity, ugly and - he thinks - unwanted.
Now Sherlock does look at him. It is impossible that anything John might say next will improve things, but he’s in it now, and in spite of himself he wants to know. John here is better than John gone, even if John is only here to break his heart.
“Because I suddenly had the feeling you’ve been holding back, too. For a long time I thought it was just me. But I thought…maybe you wanted what I want.”
They’ve been out tonight, not even on a case, with a mate of John’s from the army and some other men he doesn’t know. One of them turned out to be an ugly drunk, and there has been ugly talk, about poofters and nancies and taking it up the arse, and how it was one thing to bugger some fairy who was gagging for it, but quite another for a real man to offer to take another man’s cock.
It was the slow slip of fingers, starting back at one, stroking, stretching, circling, while a gentle fist (and that was John, all the time, a gentle fist) sliding and squeezing. It was the soft press of lips—John had to lean way over to reach, balanced on one elbow, because his hands were full, but he did, he did, he pressed his open mouth on Sherlock’s skin and exhaled hot breath and tender words, words like
“Stop being a tit. I’m just saying, roughhousing between friends can be good, plain fun, and you’ve never done it, so you don’t know.”
John was precise in his onslaught. There were no teasing touches with lip or tongue to start with, no feather-light pecks or sips; no, rather, he pressed right in, tilted Sherlock’s mouth open—Sherlock’s
Perhaps John knows what it is. His voice is carefully casual as he twitches a smile and says, “Budge up.”
“Sherlock,” John managed on a groan, letting his head fall back and raising his mouth again, all but demanding to be kissed.
He’d had to say it again before John would close his mouth over a pebbled nipple. Sherlock tried, sometimes, to bypass this gatekeeper, would arch and press into John’s hands or mouth without having to utter the words, but John—although usually a step behind on cases—was always faster.
Sherlock, having walked through the (locked) front door bold as brass, now hovered by the door, drawn up tall in the entranceway. He looked at John a long moment, then said, “You needed me.”
“Oh, there’s one more tab here. ‘Five Tips to Losing Your Anal Virginity’? Would have thought one ‘tip’ would do…”
Soft and pliable, elbows out to allow Sherlock to unbutton his shirt, back arched to allow his fingers to play across John’s chest, whatever Sherlock wanted, and when Sherlock’s fingers roamed down over the soft skin of John’s belly, and lower, and traced the outline of his hard prick inside his trousers, he shivered and trembled under the touch, but spread his thighs wide.
Something shifts between them. The talking...has reached a stopping point. They’ve said a great deal of what needed to be said.
Sherlock’s cock - still untouched - lies red and shiny on his belly, leaving slippery smears through the short hairs that lead down from his navel.
John is still tense under him, still trembling slightly with the strain of submitting himself to Sherlock, with the anger that drove him to demand this intimacy. Sherlock opens his mouth against the skin of John’s back, against the taut muscles, kisses. Kisses.
Once inside, he licked along Sherlock’s tongue, over and around, in firm, sure strokes. He delved into the deepest reaches of Sherlock’s mouth, running his tongue along teeth and lips and the insides of cheeks.
Her wide-open eyes were trained on Sherlock’s face, what she could see of it, what wasn’t buried and obscured in the folds of John’s labia.
, liquid, while John’s pincer grip on her nipple tugged and pinched, and now Sherlock needed her hands just to brace herself, one on the wall and one on the headboard, until she quivered and arched, and John bit the ridge of her shoulder blade, and she came with a gush and a shout, and didn’t notice anything amiss.
The force of the joy expanding in John’s chest lifted his head before he could think to stop it. He—finally—without even having to force it, met Sherlock’s eye.
They’d progressed in this way from squirming and giggling, to panting and moaning, to trembling and gasping, to sweating and
It was early morning when John was finally deposited back at his flat. The nondescript black car was silent as it pulled up, just as the nondescript driver was silent for the whole ride. He did not respond to any of John’s questioning, and no variation on the theme of “Where the hell did they take him?” elicited any reaction. Mycroft, the arsehole, did not respond to any texts, and did not pick up his phone.
First with one hand, then the other, John teased lightly at the dark nubs of Sherlock’s small breasts. There was a particular movement that Sherlock adored, John spreading her fingertips like the points of a star, all around Sherlock’s nipple, then drawing upwards with a twist, light, so light, brushing past the nipple on the way up, but not lingering, then down again for another pass.
She stirred faintly, and tried to speak, but John said, “Shhh, darling,” and smoothed her hair, and tucked the duvet up around her shoulders, and when she slid into bed behind her some minutes later, Sherlock barely moved.
, John could come back, back into herself, and not be left to fly away. Because Sherlock was there, who would always bring her back again.
“A one-shot.” This time with sparkling diction, though John thought the original mutter had been slightly longer.
John’s life is in ruins and it is partly Sherlock’s ruin. They ought to clear the mess away before they try to be together; they cannot clear the mess away unless they are together.
What Sherlock needed was data. Needed it badly enough that he submitted himself to a very questionable set of Internet searches in order to decide just where he stood on this, so that the next time he would not be found wanting.
John looked into his face and his expression stilled. They stared at each other for a long moment before he cleared his throat and said, “Go on, ask.”
Sherlock wasn’t asking, but John was going to do it anyway. Sherlock steeled himself for the breach, for the pressure, for the pain. For the exposure. He had wanted this, had wanted John to
Brown brogues, tightly laced? Or perhaps suede ankle boots...different of course if the laces are slack - Sherlock ticks through the different scenarios, each one matched with a pair of John’s shoes, laced according to how badly John wants to hide.
Presently he gets up again, and steps carefully, deliberately back to his armchair. He flexes his hand once, then sits down and presses the soles of his feet together, as before. His expression now is at once sardonic and wary.
Sod that. Instinct kicks in and he bends his body and hooks his foot, breaking the hold, and taking his assailant down in the same motion. He is not entirely surprised to see that his “assailant” is, in fact, his flatmate, looking only slightly nonplussed.
So that two long, warm fingers could lie on either side of her swollen clitoris, and press in, and she could thrust and rut and wriggle, and a warm full mouth could press against hers and she could slather slick and sloppy kisses without a care. So that she could lift a breast into the flick and pinch of teasing fingers, and gasp and gasp, and bear down on the two fingers that curled inside her, and with her whole body seek the pleasure being offered—seek it, and then
They made it only as far as the bedroom, where they shucked their hastily rearranged clothing and rolled onto the bed. They lay together, trading soft kisses and sweet caresses until the softness and the sweetness became something rather more heated, rather faster than John would have expected (of himself at least), but then his age on the one hand was balanced by just how desperately he
John pauses and it must be because there is no more oxygen in the room. Sherlock’s own lungs are empty and he has forgotten to refill them and can’t anyway because the air is gone.
“It took me long enough.” John wove his hand into Sherlock’s hair, stroking the silky ends of his curls between his fingertips.
Silence, after. Breath. Her own, and Sherlock’s, slowing, steadying. There is a small voice nagging her to stir, to speak, to reassure, not to stay silent too long, but she resists. She lets the quiet settle through her body. Her eyes can stay closed for now.
how Sherlock wants this to go. Not that he has ever thought this possible, but surely if the man you have loved more than your own life for years – and proven it time and time again – if he suddenly tells you that he loves you as well, surely blind rage is not the appropriate response? Part of him is wailing, is howling,  is screaming at him to cross the divide, wrap his arms around John’s waist and bury his face in his jumper, and weep and weep, and pour out all the answering words that have been suppressed so well for so long.
If he let out the breath he was holding, John would know he’d been holding it. But he had to breathe. He released the air as silently as possible. It took too long.
When he discovered everything he hadn’t known about Mary, he felt all at once like her handprints were on his body, from every time she’d ever touched him, marking him. It was a long time before he allowed that someone – Sherlock – might be able to rub them away, those marks, or overwrite them.
The fight had gone right out of John, but he protested faintly where he lay. “It was you, it was you. You did that. You kept—everything you did was for me. You kept saving me, and I kept hurting you. It’s all I’ve ever done.” He glanced up into Sherlock’s face, wondering how the genius could have got it so wrong.
They did, eventually, manage to extricate themselves from the chair, with the attendant challenges of catching loose trousers before they pooled around anyone’s ankles, and stumbling on limbs held too long in unaccustomed positions, and finding where all the semen had gone so as not to discover any of the wrong kind of souvenirs when they tried to have a meal there again.
(As much as John will allow right now, who is holding his shoulders tensely and supporting his own weight, bent forward, with the taut strength of his back.)
. She liked the sloppy slurps and the open-mouthed kisses, and long, broad licks the pressed and dragged.
she lay there, still, but with the blood singing in her veins and her skin almost aglow with tactility.
Of course, that meant that there were two more attempts later in the trip until she mercifully stopped trying.
, Sherlock. On its own, it doesn’t.” John raised his head, took his hand. Looked at him. “It’s not the sex, Sherlock. It’s
Sherlock has already conceded too much. He presses his lips together and raises his chin and does not respond.
Sherlock does glance at him now—he can’t help it. John, naked and enraged, hard, thwarted, lost, but doggedly refusing to be vulnerable.
Apparently it was. Everything followed easily after that. If anything was missing from that first conversation, well, there would be plenty of time to figure it out.
, and his knees went lax, so that he was held up by little more than Sherlock’s grip on his shoulders and the thigh against his cock.
“Yes,” John tells her, willing it to be true. She closes her eyes and waits for the first touch, wondering where it will land.
Feet tripping, stumbling, legs bumping, tangling. Shoulders careening off walls, murmured curses, rough commands. Harsh breaths barely pausing as the bedroom door slammed shut—
“Before that.” John coughed. “And after. And, to be honest, now.” A mug of tea clunked down on the table in front of him
Simple? There was nothing simple about the feeling that shuddered through him as he pressed their mouths together. It tingled through his lips and rushed through his body and spiralled brightly in his chest. Something went soft down the middle of his belly, and a long stream of air drifted out of his nose, breath he hadn’t realised he’d been holding.
John is not looking at Sherlock’s face, but at the bookshelf behind his right shoulder. He is stiff and tense. Sherlock has seen him like this a hundred times, just before he closes off completely and stomps down the stairs to go and get some air. He can’t today, though. His feet are bare. So he stays, and sits, and quivers with - the only word that comes -
“No, they could. They probably are. Didn’t you do that sort of thing when you were at uni, with your mates…?”
If he knew John, if John was anything other than the deepest mystery to him, he would be sure, but as it is…A hand in his hair does not mean John will want, will want.
But now, like this? That John should open himself to Sherlock as a salvo, as attack and defense all at once
. The real Sherlock would never permit this. Even if the Sherlock in the fic were a different Sherlock, one who somehow wanted it...
The skin he is working is warm and slippery now. Sherlock rolls his wrist and slides the back of his hand back and forth along the slicked flesh, feeling how smooth and open John’s anus has become, how lushly the bud of flesh has blossomed. He has not even breached him yet.
with a lover was, for her, unimaginable—and indeed, she could not conceive of ever offering this to anyone else. Had never come close, with anyone else.
), and every time the pressure on his erection was removed, he got soft. She was in her bra and knickers when she went to take his trousers off, and of course pants don’t actually hide anything...also, she was a doctor.
“John.” Sherlock’s voice was hushed and awed, and little wonder. John’s hips were rocking in small, unbidden thrusts. Her spine was arched, her head thrown back, and there were little, wanton sounds emerging from her mouth with every breath, and she with neither strength nor will to silence them. She knew, dimly, that this was not how Sherlock knew her, that this kind of, of
“You can,” Sherlock murmured around her small mouthful. “I know you can. Let me - let it happen, love.”
Sherlock could almost see it, the way John grew bigger. His shoulders squared, straightened. His chest rose, his body…
There was nothing to be mistaken in the look John was giving him. There was no ambiguity now, no flickering expressions that needed to be parsed and analysed. The only look there now was steady, unwavering. It had a name, and what is more, Sherlock knew what it was.
John files this away but holds stubbornly to his point. “I’m just saying that friendly wrestling can be, and in most cases is, exactly that. Innocent.
claim it. The heat of John’s skin, the smell of John’s mouth under his own, the heft of John’s body under his hands—it is already so familiar. His hands and his mouth and his senses already seem to know this, this country.
“Mmm.” John made a noise that he hoped struck a balance between highly affirmative and not at all needy.
would.” Sherlock sat up and twisted around to squint up at Greg. He managed to squint and scowl at the same time. “You’re a police inspector. You’re divorced. You’re not dating anyone, not for six, no, eight months. You only maintain friendships with people who are as manacled to their jobs as you are, and as a result you go weeks and weeks without a social engagement. You’re well into your fifties, and not nearly as fit as you were. What on earth would someone have to write in a porny one-shot about
you, who sees your, your oddness and your genius, and thinks it’s all extraordinary. It’s selfish, but I want to be the
(It didn’t turn out to be very long, before James came home, but John’s emails went unanswered. James valued neatness, after all. Or perhaps he meant it as gentleness. His silence.)
. He kept his eyes on Sherlock, much longer than usual social norms allowed, apparently waiting for a penny to drop, but John knew better. For all that the idea of having sex—not sex, but sex-in-fic, which was different—with a stranger was distasteful to him, Sherlock could at least conceive of it. But he couldn’t with John. No, John couldn’t even have that much.
“Honestly? No. I’m not really sure of much. Just, like I said, that I love you, and you make me. I mean, you make me want to be that person, you know? That real person. You make me want to be who I want to be.”
it was exquisite, this finely-drawn tension, this trembling on the threshold, and John succumbed to it completely. He could not properly open his eyes, they were heavy and slack, but it didn’t matter; Sherlock was kissing him. All John had to do was let him.
like this, don’t you? No need for anything too fancy with John Watson, is there? That’s—oh, yes, that’s right. Good. There, see? Yes, good. Oh, lovely, John. I’ll just keep…”
John oscillates between reading distractedly and blogging badly, and finally goes to bed early. He does not announce his departure. He lies in bed with his aching skin, and his fingernails hurt where they brush against the sheet.
“Right.” He cleared his throat. “Well, you’ll be busy. I had something to add to the Matthews file I left you, but what with...look, let’s just...just talk it over tomorrow instead. Good? Good. Good. Okay. Have a good...uh, have—talk to you later.” All the while he was moving towards the door, which he hastily pulled shut behind him as he (finally) stopped talking and just fled.
“Up you come,” she whispered, and John swung her leg up and over until she was straddling Sherlock’s shoulders.
and let his vision clear. When he blinked and focused back on Sherlock’s face, he could see the same wonder reflected there. Sherlock’s lips were parted and his eyes, usually so sharp and inquisitive, were stunned and—he saw with some shock—a little wet. There was a moment where they stared at each other before John became aware that the flush on Sherlock’s face was one of arousal.
Sherlock stepped away from the wall, his face clear, his eyes darting, his body thrumming with discovery.
There are still so many things he doesn’t know. John has unburdened himself, has uncovered himself, sufficient to tell Sherlock how he feels, to offer Sherlock his heart. But it is impossible to ignore the reality, that there around John’s bare feet his life lies in ruins.
“Fit what bill?” Greg Lestrade was just mounting the last step, and it was testament to how unsettled Sherlock was that he’d apparently not noticed the approaching footsteps. “What’s going on?”
But no, John withdrew, gave him a few more gentle kisses, then pulled back completely, holding his head still for a moment longer, then releasing him.
along her synapses and crackled out to her extremities so that her back arched and her head fell backwards, and she flung her arms wide -
Sherlock draws back and glares at her. “John, I am a genius. I am never wrong. I know what beauty is, and you, my dear, are beautiful. Strong and round and golden and
A trail of kisses brought John from the warm skin of Sherlock’s inner thigh, over the pale silk of her belly, along the too-prominent ribs. She dragged her tongue along where the texture of the skin changed, between where it stretched over bones and where it swelled around a soft breast, and nuzzled into the warmth there, sliding her hand up to the other breast and cradling the very base of its curve.
A sultry version of her usual look of disdain settled over her features. “Obviously,”she said, and with two tugs and a slide down the pillow, she had John’s knees on either side of her head.
Instead, she rolled onto her back and stretched her neck, her mouth open, inviting. She looked...lovely.
John obeys, stepping across the room and drawing himself up in front of Sherlock. He seems to stack his spine one vertebra at a time, and only when the last bone is placed does he raise his eyes to Sherlock’s. Sherlock, for his part, does not break eye contact the whole time it takes him to squeeze slick onto the fingers of his right hand and toss the bottle onto the bed. John watches.
“No? You reckon not? I guess I wasn’t clear enough. Let me write you another one.” Jesus, this was so much more painful in person. Why couldn’t he have just stayed away?
“Jesus,” the murderer sneered from behind them. He’d picked up his partner’s gun and had it levelled at John, less than a meter behind him. “You don’t like it when people touch your toys, do you?”
difference you think it would have made. To me. Or to you. Or whatever you like. Since you seem to think it's important.”
Because now Sherlock was pushing her own legs apart, with no encouragement from John, and the movement allowed the lips of her vulva to just part. Sherlock was not wide open, not yet, but she was starting to emerge, to get slick and full. John knew what awaited her, though it was still hidden. There was a crisp of hair, and through it, a glimpse of pink.
Once up the stairs, John strips off Sherlock’s coat and his own jacket and wrenches his shoes off his feet. He steps close to Sherlock, glaring, piercing. He grasps both of Sherlock’s hands and places them firmly, roughly, on his arse. There is a fierce kiss. John is
, the best goddamn man I know. You are, all the time, no matter what you’re doing. When you take my cock you are a
“Fine.” Sherlock smiled again, and settled John’s hips more comfortably across his own. “But I want…”
at the base of his spine, the pressure deep within him, the occasional bright flash of pure pleasure when the angle shifted, briefly, then away again; and the smell, the
The outrage is simmering coldly under his sternum. Nothing shows on his face, but each step down the hall towards his own bedroom sends a jolt through his whole body, pounding in the rhythm of his outrage,
As John lingered by Sherlock’s collarbone, she brought her left hand up her long flank, feeling dip of waist and lift of ribs. Sherlock shivered under her caress, and when John’s palm rose higher to cup the swell of her right breast, Sherlock sucked in a long breath and let it out her open mouth.
that chorused through his mind during every moment he spent with Sherlock, surely he couldn’t possibly guess that? That it should be there, under and behind every word he spoke to Sherlock, hammering against his skull, lurking alongside his vocal chords, ready to ambush every breath and make his mouth proclaim what was chanting through his mind, constantly, ceaselessly—it was
It felt so good. John closed his eyes. “No, I—no, stop. I’m not. I’m not that guy. I don’t, I don’t know how to be.”
But Greg said, “No, it isn’t bloody obvious. I don’t know what you get up to on your own time, but I don’t see the trouble with enjoying something like this if it happens to come your way, even if you think it’s Oh Oh Cee.” He emphasized the abbreviation just enough so that Sherlock would know that yes, he was doing it just to annoy him. Despite his discomfort, John spared him a small quirk of a smile.
Knows nothing and notices nothing. Has never noticed anything. But surely if you love someone, you look at them occasionally?
, Sherlock.” A breath. “I’m going to take care of you.” John gazed down at him for three heartbeats, four. “And you can laugh at that if you want.”
When they felt the pull, a few minutes later, that strange, half-imagined tug of the fic being written, it was the easiest thing in the world, to just...not. They let the feeling wash over them, past them, and John felt the precise moment when the choice passed away from him to...some other version of him. Some other John who wanted this, and some other Sherlock.
Sherlock's only had one orgasm so far, but in fairness, most of her body hasn't been touched yet. But John is on the job, and she's nothing if not thorough.
It was just after the first shots rang out, after John had barrelled into Sherlock from behind and threw him behind some bins.
He takes the time to remove all of his clothing, though. He doesn't want to be stood there with his trousers around his ankles, nor stuck having to hold the tails of his shirt aside to be able to see the place where his cock disappears into Sherlock’s plush, upside-down mouth, and into his long white throat.
It began unexpectedly, coming back into the flat after a case. John had been oddly silent in the cab, and Sherlock could tell there was…
“Oh, no, no, sweetheart, I didn’t mean—I’ll still do it, I still want it. God. More than ever.” His voice was like gravel and his eyes were soft. “But. The reason you were scared before—you were, you said no because you were scared to let me—because you didn’t know how I felt. You wouldn’t have been scared if you’d known.” John searched his face. “I’m not wrong.”
Sherlock didn’t manage to hide his jolt of reaction this time. “I assumed it would be what you wanted.”
John laughs softly, there, his forehead leaning on the headboard. “You probably do, mad genius that you are. But Sherlock, I couldn’t let that prick, that—”
Sherlock rolled to his side and smiled at him, and the compassion in his face made John’s heart ache. He said, “I know what
Then Sherlock claimed him, and it was glorious: face in hands and tongue in mouth and body crushing his onto the unmoving door behind him, Sherlock’s erection prominent against John’s body. His mouth, his mouth was everywhere, on John’s face and along his jaw and buried in his neck, licking and biting, with only John’s skin to muffle his groans.
Sherlock’s hand curled and rocked against John’s own warm, slippery clit. Her strokes were long and firm, feeling along the whole the length of John’s folds. She pressed and cupped with the heel of her hand so that John could feel the pressure at her tip, and also all along her wings, providing both direct and diffuse sensation and causing her to throw back her head with a breathy gasp.
(John has always done that well.) Another blink. “I can’t…I can’t seem to say the right thing to you. Ever. It should be so simple. With anyone else, I’d just… ”
His cock swelled at the sight and he came, hard, his heart full of a mingling of pleasure, awe and relief.
“You shouldn’t...you shouldn’t have had to do that. I know it’s not...not exactly normal, all right? For me to...need that. I’m very, I’m very…”
It is impossible to mistake John’s meaning. Sherlock deliberately (and with titanic self control) does not allow his gaze to stray lower than John’s belly. He allows himself this moment, whatever else he will find. This moment where John’s body is exactly as he imagined it, and where John – the real John – is allowing his desire to surface.
Sherlock is getting desperate, and John still hasn’t answered.  Embarrassment and exasperation both give way to
“Roughhousing, John.” Sherlock is standing normally, apparently at ease, but in the next moment he’s grasped John’s arm and twisted him so that his back is pressed against Sherlock’s front - this time with a long leg between his knees preventing him from escaping. “You said I should try it.”
A twist to John’s smile. “Still being here.” He meets Sherlock’s eyes, straight on. “Yeah. Um. Thank you for still being here.”
“You didn’t know.” John blinked once, frowning. His hands moved again, but still so slowly. He was working it out. “You didn’t know?”
John kept up the same steady, repetitive strokes, but this time along the inner labia, flowing lightly up to the tip of her clit. Sherlock made a small sound when John got to the tip, a brief sound, but a
, this is so, so neat. That it should be the very thing that stands opposed to the pure, cold reason I hold—”
He has not been fondled or petted since he was very small, and even then, his family was never particularly demonstrative, even during the good times.
Sherlock’s hand lay open on the edge of the bed. By lining herself up and planting one foot on the floor, John could settle her vulva right into Sherlock’s open palm. When she did, the response was instantaneous and explosive.
In his mind’s eye, John was going to show himself to Sherlock. John’s fingers rose to the buttons of his shirt, and he began to slip them open one by one. This, too, Sherlock has seen, surreptitiously or directly, many, many times. Once the shirt was off, though, in a heap on the floor, he was in new territory. There was flesh here that he has never even glimpsed, and where he has, those glimpses have been fleeting, sidelong, furtive. Now, though, that flesh was being laid bare beneath his eyes,
(Tenderness. It was one of the words Sherlock was wary of, in his own thoughts. Too close to the things he wasn’t sure they had and didn’t dare to ask for—much too risky.)
, John, come on, one deep breath. That’s it. Now another one. Good, that’s good.” All the while the hands stroking, and the mouth—as John’s breathing calmed—pressing little kisses against his temple, his hair, his shoulder.
It was safe to bare her throat and let her whimpers come unabated; it was safe to open her mouth and meet Sherlock’s tongue with wet, untidy swipes; it was safe to let her own arms lie, palms up, slack and passive at her sides, and spread her thighs wide; and when Sherlock trailed her fingers down to her slick and blossoming vulva, it was safe to rut and thrust against her hand.
Soft, too, was Sherlock’s mouth as it brushed against John’s in wet, gentle passes. No tongue, no pressure, just
, and is now glaring at Sherlock as though daring him to say anything – or forbidding him. One or the other.
Something deadly settled over John’s shoulders like a mantle. “You are one sick motherfucker.” His voice was more dangerous than Sherlock had ever heard it, but his words were exquisitely enunciated. Sherlock saw a flicker of fear in the suspect’s eyes as he stared down the barrel of John’s cold fury.
It was the biggest lie of all, but she only smiled as she drifted off. “I do, yes,” she murmured, chilling him to his very bones, as in her belly his daughter turned over against his side.
Always she managed to avoid Sherlock’s, to sidle away, to shift a little further, and then busy herself with Sherlock’s pleasure so it wasn’t obvious that she was avoiding her touch. Once, when she was sleepy afterwards, Sherlock reached for her and she noticed too late and it was obvious when she
This look—had he ever seen this look on Sherlock’s face? This was the smile for a brilliant case, or a dangerous plan, or, or, John didn’t know what else it was for, this elated, delighted,
John, finding his volition at the last, grasped Sherlock’s face in both his hands, and they pressed their mouths together and breathed each other’s gasps and moans as they came.
and she had said yes, so she held on - and suddenly everything that had been building and coiling and threatening erupted,
Demolition indeed. But is it the annihilation of the fragile, precarious foundations they have just barely managed to lay, or the leveling of their last defensive walls?
Sherlock doesn’t know where all these words are coming from. He does not normally talk or heap praise on John during sex (or ever), but John does—perhaps to drown out the ugly words in his head—John heaps sweetness upon Sherlock as he fucks him, and John is a man, that’s what a man does, so it is right that John should kneel there and take Sherlock’s rushing stream of loving words.
Another twist and squeeze and she tensed right up, her sounds going high pitched and sustained. With one hand, John continued the steady scrape and twist that had brought Sherlock this far, and at the same time leaned down and took Sherlock’s other nipple in her mouth, circling her tongue, grasping the peaked nipple between tongue and teeth. One more flick, one more nip, and –
One hand on the back of his chair, one on the table, lean in, kiss. How had it ever not been this simple?
“Not a trick,” he says.  Another deep breath of damp neck, in case he’s about to be thrown off. “Tell me to let go and I will.”
Sherlock’s whole palm was pressed against John’s whole length, the base of his thumb massaging the head of John’s cock, the tips of his fingers caressing John’s balls. The large hand slid up and down, the palm on John’s prick, the knuckles brushing Sherlock’s.
, for Sherlock to lean over and gather John’s lips in under her own, and for John to let her mouth go soft, to allow Sherlock to lick and taste. It is right for Sherlock to draw her hand up and down John’s body, tracing little circles on neutral skin, belly and sides, and around the outsides of her breasts, brushing the sides where they swell softly, but nothing more, and it is right for John to twist a little into the touch, encouraging more frequent brushes, getting used to the feel of being touched, and then liking it, and then
So there she was on the bed, eyes closed, and any touch from John would make her vibrate like one of her violin’s strings.
She’d known as soon as she’d kissed her that this was going to be long, long and intense. At the very first hint of escalation, Sherlock’s mouth had gone soft under John’s, opening slightly to allow whatever John might choose, but then waiting, pliant and hollow, to follow where John might lead.
That redirection hadn’t helped at all. John pinched the bridge of his nose. He knew better than to wonder if this could get any more uncomfortable; he was sure that it could. And probably would. Anything to do with Sherlock and sex was guaranteed to be awkward. Sherlock never missed a chance to heap scorn on the whole operation and everyone who might want to engage in it, while John stood by, red-faced, sullen, and yearning. (Always yearning.)
Despite the rising tide in Sherlock’s body as he grips and thrusts, John comes first, with a wracking growl on the crest of his climax. He collapses the next moment, releasing his grip on the headboard, and the arm across his chest takes his full weight. Sherlock releases John’s spent cock and wraps his right arm, too, around John’s slumped body, splaying his come-spattered fingers across John’s belly and hip.
...and that was all they needed, those other words, to come spilling out of his mouth, “I want you, Sherlock, I love you, I love you,
“Making sure I have it all." Sherlock ticks off the items on an invisible list. "You're in love with me. You thought I knew. I didn't, and you’re sorry. That’s fine. You’ve delivered your message, and your apology – which must have been difficult, seeing as you didn’t have time to
Or later, his palm hovering so close over the bulge in Sherlock’s trousers that Sherlock could feel the heat of it, but
and is still baring his feet and speaking his heart and meeting Sherlock’s eyes and taking what may come, and he is
The sheer desire, always there. It had always been there, of course, but he had always been able to suppress it. To push it into the background, sort of, and have it stay there. That was all over, now. Now he could barely prevent himself from shouting it aloud into every silence. He could hardly hear his own thoughts above it.
—on its own, and in where it could go, and in what, if anything, it might mean—and Sherlock never wanted it to stop.
His mouth, too, was soft. Soft and unrelenting, planting full, deliberate kisses along John’s shoulders, up his throat, under his ear, down his chest. John tilted and stretched, arched and pressed, presenting his skin to Sherlock’s mouth wherever that mouth might wander.
It was Sherlock, of course it bloody was. What were an angry letter and a locked door to Sherlock Holmes? John needed him
“No.” Swiftly. “No, it’s not…that’s not…” A cough, and a frustrated sigh. He gazes at Sherlock helplessly—then he appears to have an idea.
And then to have Sherlock use that very word to summon him, to speak the desperately-desired words in a way that reminded John (as if he was ever able to forget) of everything he hungered for and couldn’t have...he couldn’t have guessed, could he? He couldn’t have.
. You’re—you’re…” John fought back a yawn. He should be feeling more upset, he thought, but he was so comfortable.
John’s own rhythm sped up, her hips rocking, shamelessly smearing her wide-open labia and her throbbing clit over Sherlock’s mouth and chin, her breath rasping in little sounds with each exhale –
James joined him in the darkness “What are you doing out here? Big day tomorrow, I thought everyone was turning in early.”
The silence had a different feel to it now, the silence of an orchestra, poised and ready, waiting for the signal to fill the hall with music. They looked at each other and could feel the shape of the symphony that awaited them.
There was a pause. Sherlock still didn’t answer. John said, “Why is all of this about being penetrated? Is that what you want?”
“No,” Sherlock agrees. “Nor did I.” The look they share is wry and affectionate. Warm. And something else, something Sherlock can’t quite name, but wants to.
, this new thing, together, for weeks, and Sherlock was almost used to the variety of touches that John would make him ask for. Hands and mouth, cock and bollocks and nipples, and a thousand other places on each of their scarred bodies, places where somehow the skin could still take pleasure from a tender touch despite years of rough use and neglect.
Things were going well, very well. Sarah was kissing him eagerly, and responding to him. She took his shirt in her two hands and rolled him on top of her, and in another moment she spread her legs a little, allowing him to feel the heat of her sex through two layers of clothes.
“You were quite extraordinary yourself.” John smiled. Sherlock smiled back. It was all a little foolish, but it made John drop the subject.
thick with disdain. (He used the word as it was the correct term for the context and he liked to be precise, but he objected to neologisms on principle. John wasn’t a huge fan of them either, but he used them considerably more often than he otherwise would have, once he realized how they annoyed his friend.)
"I am sorry, Sherlock. For everything. We don't...we don't have to talk about this again. I probably shouldn't have..." A final sigh. "Goodbye."
Immediately, Sherlock goes still in his arms. There is nothing to dislodge him from where his face lies buried in unruly curls, so he stays there. Arms tight around Sherlock’s body, breathing deep into his neck.
When he looks down and sees that Sherlock has shining rivulets of saliva running unchecked down both sides of his face, to go with the tears streaming from his eyes, filthy beautiful, suddenly he is
But some nights it is difficult, even though he can see that John is sagging, is drained, does not have any extra energy to deal with Sherlock’s pawings. He still feels it under his whole skin, the urge to fondle and pat and stroke. The sheer affection that threatens to crackle out of his pores.
Joy was there, and desire, and a deep, blooming arousal that burned in his face and in the grip of his fingers on John’s shoulders. Seeing it, John’s doubts evaporated. He gave a faint smile.
The bare feet, vulnerable. The cupped hands, cherishing. The precious words, given up now with no expectations. Poured out into the ground. A gift.
They lay together afterwards, of course they did. John eased Sherlock’s leg off his shoulder and brought him fully onto the bed before fetching a flannel to clean them both off. He settled himself alongside Sherlock with a deep sigh.
Sherlock struggled to keep his eyes on John’s, but they drifted downward of their own accord and fixed themselves on that growing little drop of fluid. He restrained himself from actually licking his lips, but it was a near thing.
. John counts them, as each one tickles her neck. Then her lips barely move but she whispers, “Thank you, John. However this turns out, thank you. This kind of trust is...difficult for you. You could have just asked me to leave it, and instead you’re offering...this.”
A kiss, then, to start, Sherlock’s mouth soft and plump, accepting, acquiescing, her breath light and damp. Then down to her impossible throat, leaving delicate kisses that nevertheless left a rosy path on Sherlock’s sensitive skin.
It did not mean getting dominated or controlled or being less of, of an agent. Needing coddling. Needing
. Fucking yes. I wasn’t, I’m not trying to take advantage, Sherlock. I'm not...what did you say? Looking for any possible pretense. I wasn’t looking, but when I…I’m not pretending, okay? And I won’t deny it, not ever. Not ever again. To anyone.”
There was John’s body, flushed and glowing and larger-than-life; there was the squeeze of his hands grasping Sherlock’s hips, the fingertips almost clenched, almost bruising; there were John’s deep rumblings, and Sherlock’s own gasped breaths, and the wet squelch of lubricated flesh; the intense stretch and burn and
“Well, the sensations are more…immediate. You know right away what feels good. Less guesswork. In some positions you can completely control the movement—”
and a hundred other cosy adjectives that Sherlock would have vehemently denied ever thinking of at all.
Sherlock’s voice was quiet. “You’ve already saved me. You saved me...a long time ago. And then...you just kept saving me.”
“John.” His words come on panting breaths. “John. This is—This—Thank you, oh god, thank you, thank—John.
She brought her hand down again to cup Sherlock’s vulva, dipping a finger to press her swollen clitoris, delighting in the slick juiciness and in the little twitches of Sherlock’s hips as she sought a flicker more of pressure.
this was it, she was flying apart, flying away in all directions, and who could, who would, who would bring her back again?
The man—coldly efficient, even under attack—fought back, which gave John all the excuse he needed to slam his head against the brick wall. This time, the accomplice dropped like a stone.
He’s sitting in his chair. He’s been sitting there for somewhere between one (the cover askew) and three (when Sherlock was last there) hours.
of them, straight off a case; the smell of John’s sweat and John’s groin and of Sherlock’s own arse.
But in fairy tales, the incantation must be spoken three times for the magic to work. Sherlock has no idea why he has retained this, and what circuitous route it must have taken to come into his conscious mind just now, but he knows it now without a doubt. Three times, and the true name of the beloved.
speak, and won’t ask for more. Won’t tell Sherlock what he wants. When John tops Sherlock, he talks. Questions, teases, cajoles. Gentles and praises. But John now, for all his brash words, is not quite ready to admit this is happening, and doesn’t speak. Perhaps he can’t.
, so that he did not quite see how Sherlock turned his body or managed to slither his arms around his waist, nor register Sherlock’s hands on his hips, pulling, tugging him off-balance, not until the last possible moment when his only choices were to topple over completely or throw one leg over Sherlock’s lap.
They’re still on the floor. John crosses the space and settles beside Sherlock. Sherlock stretches his legs out in front of him to make room.
But John said, “I—I can’t.” He let go of Sherlock’s cock and instead smoothed his hand over the taut white belly. He withdrew his fingers. They hurt much more coming out than they had going in. “I can’t.”
On her back, then? Fully exposed, which she supposes is the point of this. Unable to cover herself, unable to hide. At least her breasts will escape the worst effects of gravity that way, and she’ll be able to cross her legs…
He shook his head. Blinked, blinked again, to see if the horror before him had perhaps morphed into something conceivable…but no.
He learned, early, to tuck his affection away, neatly. To keep it to himself. Not to trouble anyone with it. (That became his approach with his whole self.)
Sherlock forces himself to breathe, manages two quick gasps before, by sheer will, releasing all his air in a long, slow exhale. His whole body sinks a little into the floor, just as the warmth of John’s palm makes its way through the fabric of his trousers to his skin.
did not mean what it meant when men said it out of context. Or even in context. Being the bottom did not mean inferior in anyway. Those notions were based in misogyny and homophobia and were limiting and insulting all around.
John thought for a moment. “I don't want to just...do it, and then forget it. I only ever want this to be real.”
His eyes drift up to John’s face, while his lungs catch on and fill themselves. He has breath now to speak, but no wits, and no clear thoughts. Just noise. He wonders what he will say.
John brushed the curls back from Sherlock’s face, matching his smile. “And it also meant that I love you, body and mind, which is what it means every time, for me, since the start. Otherwise I wouldn’t have started it. I’m sorry that wasn’t clear.”
John got as far as lowering his zipper before Sherlock lost patience completely. He batted John’s hands out of the way, parting the fabric of his jeans and reaching into the soft cotton of his pants, and John had only a split second to realise what Sherlock had in mind before he felt the touch of Sherlock’s fingers.
John’s gaze turns inward. “I was so sure it wouldn’t matter.” A pause. “Would it? Would it have made a difference to you?”
Sherlock looks at the floor, where John’s feet are back in his shoes and his laces are snug and tidy. They tell him all he needs to know about confessions and missed opportunities.
(If Sherlock said no, he could stop, he could do anything for Sherlock, not to save himself, but to save Sherlock, but Sherlock’s hands were pulling him closer and his hips were seeking, thrusting, pushing, and his voice was raw like silk and he was looking at John as if his only salvation lay in John’s mouth, in John’s body.)
John looked straight into his panicked eyes and let one finger come to rest precisely in the centre of the opening.
And as soon as he says it, he can laugh. It was a ridiculous notion, after all. He dismisses it completely as he wraps his arms around the man he has studied for so long, and whose love and desire will never again be only a vision.
so that Sherlock is never hurt, is never afraid. John, who strokes and pets and soothes his lover. Like a man, always. Like an infinitely loving man. Who yet does not understand why Sherlock is not rough with his exposed body, is not using his power to hurt. What does John think a man is?
It wasn’t difficult. Sherlock abandoned her reserve almost the moment their lips touched, or so it seemed to John, who had never successfully abandoned her reserve at all. Sherlock was open, and gloried in it. Accepted John’s kiss and her touch and her gaze as if she couldn’t get enough, with a courage and, and
And now Sherlock was stretched out on the bed, head thrown back, fingers working restlessly in the bedsheets,
Growing wilder now, Sherlock throws his head even further back, the better to swallow down John’s cock, so that the unbroken line of his spare body seems to go on forever. His hands grasp and pull erratically at John’s hips, begging him to thrust deeper, faster, harder.
There he sits, his feet bare and his heart plain, and Sherlock is still sitting before him, clinging to silence.
“Sherlock, I want—” John brought his hands up to the top button of Sherlock’s grey shirt, kissing him hard as he undid button after button until the shirt hung open under the dressing gown, framing the beautiful smooth skin of his torso. John pushed at Sherlock, only a little, so he could see him properly, and took a moment to look his fill.
; John knew well that when she was in this state, Sherlock could have orgasm after orgasm, each one more powerful than the one before.) John wanted to draw out
This was how John always proceeded. Pushing and commanding, requesting permission for every escalation, as if Sherlock was the one in control. While at the same time making it clear that he was not.
He was just conscious enough that something was amiss to be put off by this, but not enough to actually refuse. That would have seemed…uncivil, somehow. And he would not have been able to justify it, in any case.
A soothing tongue ran over his lip, caressing where the bite had been, easing the pain. John’s fingers threaded into his hair and tilted his head for another deep plunge of his tongue. Sherlock brought his body in close, seeking contact, more than the palms of John’s hands and the thrust of his mouth.
With a long, shuddering breath, John surrendered herself to the alternating quick sharp shocks and deep rolls of pleasure rising in her body under Sherlock’s tongue. Her forehead rested on her arms, braced against the wall, and her mouth hung open to allow for her rapid, panting breaths.
It has not escaped him that John welcomes his touch. He has worn out welcomes before, though. He never wants to find out how far his welcome runs with John.
” It surged through his whole body, more powerful than ever. “Sherlock, you have no—yes.” He began to thrust his hips in earnest now, back and forth, arching his back to press the muscles of his arse into Sherlock’s hands, then rocking forward for the drag of cock against cock, gritting out his words amidst gasps and moans. “Yes—
rolled, and tugged, and rolled, every touch just barely there. She did not think that Sherlock even realised how her body was responding  until John finally reached down with her left hand and ran a finger along the seam of Sherlock’s vulva…
and into the space between their bodies which has shown Sherlock that the sacred may exist after all. How
He succumbed, of course he did. No one could push John around, not even Sherlock, unless John wanted them to—and apparently he wanted it from Sherlock, because without having asked his brain for its advice, his cock was now fully hard in his trousers.
“There could be someone waiting for you now.” He had faced down armed insurgents and left his blood in the sand. He met his commander’s eyes directly.
It wasn’t. John wasn’t saying that what they were doing was meaningless. He only meant the relative positions. Not the whole endeavour.
“A little.” Sherlock was thrumming now, getting closer to her climax, humming like – John could not shake the image of Sherlock’s violin, and its taut, vibrating strings.
” John groans under the rough treatment but meets the thrusts. “You’re a goddamn miracle. You know. You
Maintaining the delicate movement of tongue and lips, John brought her hand up and curled two fingers into Sherlock’s opening, flicking and scissoring as they entered. The squelch and flow of Sherlock’s wetness in her hand and the smell and feel of it in her mouth were almost too much for John.
“Oh, I want it, all right.” John’s low voice ground on as his fingers worked. “I want it, if you’re going to ask for it like that. You want it hard?
John went on. “The physical side of you. Touching and kissing and whatever else you want. We’ve already—” And here John did hesitate a little. “That is, I think we’ve already got everything else. Haven’t we?”
...and she lets out a moan that is matched by Sherlock’s own, Sherlock’s voice, roughened and wrecked, “
Sherlock went to such lengths preparing him, working him open with his fingers for ages, alternating gentle stretching with slow, deep thrusts, using only one finger for the longest time, only adding the next when John was squirming around him, groaning for
the deep groan that wrung out of Sherlock’s mouth sent such a spike of response through John’s whole body that he thought he might just come right there, fully dressed and thrusting on the muscle of his thigh.
. His socks—no, they have to come off as well. He pulls them off in two quick movements and tosses them off to the side. He kicks his shoes out of the way and settles his feet flat on the floor.
“Surprised? That’s...one way to put it. But I don’t understand. What about—Why are you rolling your eyes?”
What can he possibly say? He can feel the uncertainty written across his face, in the slackening of his jaw and the stinging tightness around his eyes. There is nothing he can think of to say, now that his anger has fled. Silence is his last defense, and he is painfully aware of how flimsy it is.
and an overwhelming flood of feelings that would take over his voice in another moment, despite his long-standing restraint.
“No one.” John grinned at Sherlock’s expression. “But I kept thinking you were going to. Were you—what? Testing the waters or something?”
’s waist from behind. Completely innocent, especially the three fingers slotted in between the buttons of his shirt at nipple height.”
And John was tired, tired of arguing, tired of fighting for the opposite of what he wanted. He looked at Sherlock’s twist of a smile and just...let go. When Sherlock brought their mouths together, their kiss was warm and peaceful.
The muscles stood out on John’s shoulders through his shirt as he reached around Sherlock’s body and kneaded Sherlock’s arse. John looked
, what Sherlock has felt so strongly for so long that he has been sure it must shine out of his head like a beacon whenever he hears John’s name, and John
Sherlock didn’t. So he’d be using that Sherlock as a stand-in, as a sort of, what, rubber doll, to do what the real person would never agree to, and moreover the person he’d be with was not the Sherlock he wanted anyway.
More silence. After a long while, John responded with his own question. “Do you not have anyone at home?”
When Sherlock releases one nipple and runs her hand down John’s belly, John’s hips are already thrusting into the air in anticipation of the next touch.
For the best, because John is looking at him with something like shock on his face. There are flickerings behind his eyes but nothing Sherlock can see the shape of. His mouth works for several seconds and then resolves into a smile. Not the good kind.
“I need –” and such is his agitation that he barely hesitates to say it out loud. “I need to see your body. I need to see you naked.”
John’s feet stay planted as he falls, as there is no room to extend them, and his knees end up practically up around his own ears, squished as he is between his chair and his own ungainly angles.
Sherlock would reach for John if he wanted to. Sherlock is not reaching for John. Therefore he doesn’t want to. Logic.
Sherlock had come twice already, two rolling, tidal orgasms that had risen slowly and crested with a surge of power. She lay there now, letting the last waves wash over her as the intensity of her climax ebbed.
It was definitely broken. There was a crunch, and a spurt of blood. Sherlock saw it all as if from a great distance.
“Not sure I want you back in the bed, to be honest.” Mary came out of the bathroom and pulled back the covers—on the right side, which was her side now, apparently. “Got kind of used to it just being me, my pillows, and my gigantic belly.”
No sooner had the last shudder of John’s orgasm subsided than Sherlock’s lips closed again around her oversensitive clitoris, and her tongue pressed, and she sucked again, hard. John’s hips bucked and jerked, and she slammed her hands against the wall for balance. It was, it was -
John looks on in awe. John, who has grown used to making love to a Sherlock who still distrusts his transport and still resents being dependent on it, would stay all day like this, carrying out a ceaseless rhythm of lean, drag and circle, if Sherlock is going to thrum under his hands and groan out his ragged pleasure.
It mattered to John too. John met the press of his lips with his own purposeful kisses, firm and full and
Sherlock sighs his defeat. He speaks softly. “Is it so terrible a thing, then, that you can only say it when you’re angry?” He doesn’t raise his eyes to ask.
“But come on,” the man—whose survival instinct was clearly underdeveloped—almost whined. “You’re a fucking
“Good.” Sherlock removes his hands abruptly, steps back. Ignoring John’s startled intake of breath, he turns and walks to the door.
breath after breath of the treacherous little word, always only a moment’s inattention away from being voiced, always, that is, except during those terrifying moments when it was supplanted by an even more treacherous four-letter word whose utterance would be even more disastrous, and which was mercilessly suppressed even in the wild and lawless country of his own mutinous mind.
The silence stretched then, and after several seconds John forced herself to look up at Sherlock, who was frozen where she stood, there in front of the sofa, her eyes wide, her mouth agape, clearly in the grip of some strong...idea.
No, but he hadn’t been expecting Sherlock to raise the stakes yet again, and then be whisked away. Not that Sherlock could help him here, of course. There was a plan, and John knew what it was. His part, anyway. There was nothing left for them to say to each other, but it would help to know where he was. To think of him.
Without breaking his gaze, he pulled off Sherlock’s prick in one long slide. “Tell me you want it,” he said.
Sherlock wrenched his mouth free. “John,” he gasped, and stared at him, eyes wide and darting, searching John’s face. His breath came quick and erratic.
Sherlock thinks distantly that on the next breath he will speak, he will be ready, but the next breath comes and goes and he doesn’t, he isn’t. The warmth of John’s leg presses against his temple and the weight of John’s hand rests in his hair.
His own anger is still simmering beneath the surface. This is how Sherlock has always argued, picking at John, taking shots from behind his fortress of disdain, raising the stakes until John walks out. So that he can say to himself,
until John had stoppered up his plosive with his fat cock, and he felt no shame or embarrassment at all when his words shifted to needy little sounds at the first touch of John’s erection on his tongue, and then to a high-pitched rhythmic whimpering that went on and on.
“Sorry, sorry. I don’t—it’s been a really long time. Since—” Since James, which he almost said, which was unforgivable, “Since I was deployed. I—”
The words tumbled out of his mouth. “It wasn’t that. Not—the violence. Though that was—no, it was…the words. What you said.”
How long has John been in love with him? How many things would be different if Sherlock had known? And John didn’t tell him, and John thinks it wouldn’t have made a difference at all, and John – who knows him best of anyone and best of all – knows
Once in a while, though, after a case, perhaps, or after she’d been composing for a long stretch, Sherlock would go yielding, almost docile. John had learned that if she handled these times properly, the result could be more explosive than even their most exuberant clashes.
. On the fourth pass, he lingers over the nipples with the pads of his middle fingers, tracing a small serpentine over the pale ovals and pressing down on their tight centres. He relishes the ragged groan that emerges from Sherlock’s throat, out his still-open mouth.
, his feet hooked around the chair and his arms wrapped around flexed shoulders and his whole being strained into the embrace, and he dropped his head into Sherlock’s neck, and buried his face,
John is angry too, his reasons unclear but his fury unmistakable. Whatever forced him to come in the first place, he has had enough, and he is leaving. Now.
Sherlock met the arch of her body with a firmer touch and a deeper kiss. Lying on her side, she slid an arm behind John’s neck and drew her close, so that Sherlock could curl her other hand over John’s shoulder and pluck at her flushed breasts, both at once.
John sighs. “It’s all right, Sherlock. You don’t have to, to, to…spare my feelings. If that’s what this is. It’s fine, and I can’t blame that for my bad choices. I know, all right? It wouldn’t have made a difference to you at all. I know. I’ve always known.”
He is naked now, John is, naked and hard and defiant. Chest high, chin out, cock curving up against his belly. He doesn’t stop, but scrambles across the bed to pull a half-empty bottle of lube from the drawer of the bedside table, which he
scratching the raspy fabric of his trousers into John’s bare skin. “You want me to give it to you. There was an arsehole in the pub and you’re going to show him, show me, show everyone that John Watson knows what it means to be a man. You’re going to
“Shh. Quiet now.” He traces the smallest circle with his fingertip, smearing, slipping. “Let me show you.”
Sherlock watched him come, and when John was right next to him, standing by his chair and getting into his space, he leaned away a little, but only so that he could look up at John’s face. The tide of
He doesn’t speak yet, doesn’t dare disturb the tentative ceasefire that John has granted, won’t comment on the infinitesimal lowering of his defenses. John is well guarded; it will not do to be unwary.
Sherlock doesn’t back down. “Angry, I see. Was that when you chinned me, or when you got married?” A narrow glare. “I can’t deduce from no evidence, John. I could see you were angry. You got angrier and angrier. John Watson, Angry Army Doctor. There wasn’t anything I could do without making you angry – getting high, getting a girlfriend, getting shot, getting deported – didn’t seem to matter. You seem pretty angry right now, in fact. I know I’m not the expert in human behaviour that you are, but is that kind of anger a sign of someone who’s
It never did to get complacent, though, when dealing with John Watson. He was always a little unpredictable. Unexpected. A little...risky.
Exodus 3:5 "And he said, Draw not nigh hither: put off thy shoes from off thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground."
Sherlock feels a stab of pity, for John and his hiding. Unexpected and inconvenient. Reluctantly, he says, “You always hide.” (And saying it, realises it is true.)
Sherlock runs a cool palm down John’s raised arm and down her side to her hip (avoiding a ticklish armpit). She trails her fingers over the soft mound of John’s belly, circling her navel lightly, and then passing the flat of her hand over the same skin, a delicate touch followed by a firm one. The same palm runs up between John’s breasts, staying well clear, then down again before wrapping around her ribcage.
- trusted completely, enough to come in her hand, enough to have Sherlock’s hands on her breasts from below, which she used to
So Sherlock shrugs to himself, and paces across the room. He takes a breath and sits down. Only then does he allow himself a glance at John’s shoes.
sinks in, somehow, and Sherlock surfaces, to see John looking small and resigned in the doorway. It becomes imperative that he say something right now, anything at all, to stop John from leaving. Why, when a few minutes ago all he wanted was to be alone with his anger and his silence? There is no answer, but the necessity of speech is undeniable.
Her rhythm was turning erratic now. She needed more and she wasn’t getting it. John brought a thumb up to Sherlock’s seeping opening and circled the entrance, round and round, barely dipping her thumb inside.
there, pressed deep inside, as all the petulance and humour drained out of them both to be replaced with wide eyes and gasps and trembling legs and
And there he sits with everything closed. Speaking his words, but closing his eyes to avoid being seen, like a child afraid of monsters in the dark. This was John’s idea of
John shook his head and rolled away. He lay on his back and stared at the ceiling. “Even if that’s...even if that’s true. Sherlock, everything I’ve done, everything I’ve done to you...Sherlock, you shouldn’t, I can’t...How do you know I won’t do it again?” He raised himself on one elbow, and looked at Sherlock’s face. He had never been more honest or sincere than when he said, “You’re a good man, Sherlock, you always have been. And that’s why I didn’t, I couldn’t—because, really,
So it was only a matter of time, and sure enough, one evening after Mrs. Hudson had been up to drop off some biscuits and say good night, Sherlock confronted John in the sitting room.
Sherlock is hard and straining in his trousers. He hasn’t seen this incandescent John in quite some time. Not since they’ve been together. There has always been a hard edge to John, since the beginning, but it has blurred, has softened since the first night they kissed. He is glad of that, of course he is. Nevertheless, this blistering, searing John is
” He spread his long legs wide, and grasped John’s arse in his two hands, dragging him forward, so that his hard cock lay right inside the crease of Sherlock’s groin. His balls rested against Sherlock’s perineum, tickling. “I want it. I’m sure. I want it. ”
“I—oh, god, that’s—okay.” And here John quiets under his hands, despite this frenzy. His voice, for the first time since they left the pub, is calm. “All right,” he says. “Yes. I was, I was afraid. Not of you...but.” A deep breath, and a pause.
The next moment, though, John’s brain dredged past his complete mortification and offered him a thought. “Wait a minute,” he said. “What do
So few words. But they have always inhabited the unspoken. Sherlock hears what John is offering. Is asking for.
“I knew it,” Sherlock breathes, still stroking, still worshipping. The anomaly – the fly in the ointment, the virus in the data – it was only in his mind. It was the last vestige of fear, fear that he couldn’t possibly know John as well as he imagined, fear that he got this, this last, intimate detail, wrong – and would never know the truth. “I knew it, but I was afraid.”
Sherlock does not trust this openness. John, though his bare feet are delicate and quiet under Sherlock’s hands, remains a mystery. He has laid bare his feelings and Sherlock still does not know—does not know
She has never been this wanton with any lover, would always have turned the tables long since, but her hands are immobilized, she can’t, she
Sherlock has eaten today, and has done so willingly, with every sign of enjoyment. He actually sighed contentedly over his second cup of tea. He has also showered and shaved, which he doesn't always do when he’s in a funk, and the flat is pleasanter now that he has.
“Don’t tell me it was an accident.” John traced a pointed shoulder blade as Sherlock sprawled across his chest.
He couldn’t do that when it might not mean anything, no matter how desperately he wanted the, the…the
is the way he wants to touch John. As if he could be anything but reverent the first time John allows this.
Again. Lick, press, lick, press. Her tongue just barely out of her softly open mouth, so that her moistened lips brushed hair and labia as they passed. The taste would drive her mad soon, but she kept herself rigidly to the steady pace she set, knowing that when Sherlock was ready –
Sherlock–who had actually been somewhat affected by the particular brand of poison the man had been spewing–had taken several seconds to compose himself. John, when he was righteous and incensed, was
Sherlock huffs and scoffs in the general direction of the scampering youths. “That sort of nonsense. The noise and the rough play and their absolute conviction that they’re the only people in the park - in the world - of any consequence right now.”
and I’d be halfway out of my chair and then you’d finish the sentence and it would be something stupid.”
John loved this. There was the physical pleasure of the touches, and then there was the vision of Sherlock, nose deep in John’s pubic hair, with her eyes dark with lust. Her hair was disheveled, and John pictured her mouth swollen and red, her face shiny with wet and saliva.
“John.” Sherlock gazes at John for a long moment. “That was...that was a gift, John. You gave me a gift, letting me see you like that, taking that, that risk. For me. Only for me.” She startles then, stammers out, “At least, I think only for...I didn’t mean, you can, I have no claim on—” But John stops her with a kiss.
There was nothing for it but to use that word. It was logical, if pitiful. If John took care with him, took care
how I know I’m real, all right? That’s it. There it is, right there. There’s no way I could love you this much and not be real. No way. Not just improbable, all right? Fucking impossible. That’s it.”
The backs of his knuckles brush John’s bollocks and rake lightly over his perineum as Sherlock drags his hand and wrist deeply through John’s cleft. He puts in some upward pressure on the next thrust and grins in secret triumph when John lowers his body ever so slightly to meet the push and to grind against his wrist. Without warning, he turns his hand over again and unerringly sinks his middle finger into John’s body to the first knuckle.
And then Sherlock tightened the fingers on John’s neck, gave a clever twist on the upstroke, and whispered, “It’s always you, John,” and John gave a soft cry, and came into his hand.
“It doesn’t mean anything. I remember.” John could not have been more wrong, though. He was sure of that, now that he’d topped. John had offered him up the most sensitive, intimate, vulnerable part of himself, and it had been his job to
Watson, I love you.” And then, because he can’t see how a fourth time could do any harm, once the spell is uttered, he says it again. “I love you too.”
Sherlock only stirs again after John has stopped counting his breaths, and even then it is only to move a hand, very slowly, until it is hovering just over where John’s fingers are spread against his chest.
Sherlock’s fingers around his bare cock brought on a renewed wave of feeling, and John only dimly noticed that Sherlock’s trousers were open as well. In another moment, though, Sherlock brought his own cock alongside John’s and brought them together with a gentle squeeze and the air rushed out of John’s lungs.
Neither of them knew exactly how they crossed the space between them, with the coffee table and the desk to be got around, John trailing junk mail and stray envelopes and slipping on them in his haste, Sherlock toppling his laptop onto the floor and getting tangled in the cord, but whatever mad scramble was needed to get them into each other's arms in the shortest time possible, they got there, and then stood together, breathing hard and each clutching the other's face, eyes searching desperately for some sign that this was real.
Sherlock would later swear that he heard the sound of the accomplice’s finger shifting on the trigger before the gun went flying out of his hands and they fell together, with Sherlock underneath getting the wind knocked out of him.
, I didn’t mean to say that, but I do, god, I do.” The last words came out as sobs and there was nothing he could do to call them back.
“Everything.” Sherlock drew away enough to gasp a hurried breath and speak. “Everything, John, I want—” He cut himself off and looked at John’s face, really
Even after his breathing steadied, it took John a long while to come back to himself. It was lovely, there on Sherlock’s shoulder, and if he stayed very, very still, perhaps the moment would never end, and he would not have to look Sherlock in the eye and face the aftermath of everything he’d said and everything they’d done. Now that the glow of his orgasm was fading, he felt a trickle of humiliation and no small amount of dread.
John couldn't say what clue he saw that made him sure, but he had lost too much in his life not to take what gifts he was offered. There was Sherlock's open face looking down at him, there were his wide, imploring eyes, and there,
John hisses and throws his head back at the first touch, thrusting his hips forward to press his cock into Sherlock’s hand, and lets him touch his fill.
Now they were back at Baker Street, and something in the encounter had caused John to completely alter his usual demeanour, in a way that Sherlock found…well, frankly, alarming. But also intriguing. (And not a little arousing, but that was nothing new. Sherlock had given up denying the nature of his attraction to John some time ago.)
“But when we talked about...this kind of sex, you said—about controlling, being responsible, taking care. You said it didn’t mean that. To you.”
, when John removed his sodden fingers from Sherlock’s mouth, brought them down behind his balls, and began to circle the furl of his anus.
She did protest once, when he squeezed a breast too hard, tearing her face away from his to gasp at the rough treatment. “Christ, John! I’m thirty-eight weeks pregnant!”
He is inside John’s body. John has let him in, has let him open him with gentleness, has let him see the fear and vulnerability he has been carrying so close for so long. Has exorcised his voices, perhaps, and given himself up into Sherlock’s hands and Sherlock’s care in the sure knowledge that he is safe there.
John risked a glance at the older man and immediately wished he hadn’t. If anyone were ever to include the term
“It’s a one-off, Johnny. She doesn’t have to know. You’re leaving anyway.” She did something complicated with her tongue in his mouth and her hand on his prick - fingernails through denim.
“Any time I get to touch you. I want to remember, every time. I only want it to be real, Sherlock. It's really fucking real, okay? I want to keep it that way.”
.” The words were rough and hard, the way he’d asked John to take him. Perhaps that would get him what he wanted. “Fuck me, John. As hard as you like.”
Within seconds of his arrival at the flat tonight, Sherlock formed several theories as to why John might be waiting in his chair at Baker Street, and narrowed it down to three before he finished taking off his coat. The final conclusion depended on what shoes John was wearing, and how they were tied.
At least John’s pleasure seemed to be…well in hand. John was showing every sign of prodigious well-being. Head thrown back, voice deep and ragged, John pressed his body back at an incredible angle—admirable for a man of his age—and rocked his hips enthusiastically in time with Sherlock’s thrusts.
That John was attracted to him, all right. That there was...desire, perhaps. They’d been skirting that particular issue for so long and over so many iterations of their friendship. And now that they were living together again, it was bordering on inconceivable that the most observant man in London should not have even an inkling.
And here is John, and John is suddenly out of all control, wailing and moaning under Sherlock’s hands, shifting her shoulders left and right, unashamedly seeking the touches she wants, and letting the sheer pleasure of it all wash over her and all through her, deep into her belly and out through her fingertips.
Sherlock takes his time unbuttoning his coat and letting it slide down his shoulders, hanging it up by the collar. He does not look away from John while he does this.
“What the fuck, Sherlock?” John relaxes his hold - only to have Sherlock twist beneath him and spring free, leaping to his feet in one movement and knocking John off-balance in  the next.
have any meaning at all, was an outlier, to be discounted, though herculean effort, even for his well-fortified mind. This is…worse. Quite a lot worse.)
“Sherlock—” John’s hand clenches in his lap, once. Then he flexes his fingers, takes a breath—and lets his hand come to rest on Sherlock’s leg.
Is that what this is? He can’t ask. Or rather, he could, but he has already used up his store of indifference and coldness, and if he asks, it will be obvious—everything will be obvious.
Both smiling now, they turned to look at each other, and a soft, fond look passed between them. The depth of joy John could read in Sherlock's face made him feel warm deep in his chest. To think, they had both been wanting this, they had both been wishing... and they would never have known, but for…
He is inhabiting his own skin now, completely, and thrilling to the slow drag of John’s fingers up his body. Still saying nothing.
As a child, he flung himself at the people he cared about with the same unflinching abandon with which he flung himself at anything that captured his attention, with his whole self and his whole heart.
. As if there was anything Sherlock could ask for that John would refuse her. As if there were anything she would not risk, if Sherlock asked.
There were no words. Sherlock held their hard pricks together, wrapped round with one long-fingered hand, and John merely held on, overwhelmed with the firm tenderness of Sherlock’s every touch.
He thrusts again. Again. He can feel his release building in his balls and belly and in the increasing tightness of the muscles inside John’s body.
of a cap, an absurd, viscous noise—then the glide of slick fingers, from the top of his cleft to the tip of his cock, passing over his tight opening without pausing. Warm wetness encircled his prick at the squeeze of John’s fingers, and his head fell back on the bed at the slow rise and fall of John’s fist.
and what else could he do? He pressed his mouth to Sherlock’s breastbone, lay three kisses there, one below the other. Moving to the side he discovered the way hard bone became lean muscle, giving way a little to the press of his lips. Down around the curve of his pectoral the texture of his skin changed again, satiny smooth turning abruptly ridged and pebbled under his mouth as he lipped and nibbled and sucked. Remembering his hands, John raised them to Sherlock’s waist, fascinated by the way his firm, spare frame—all planes and angles—should still feel soft and yielding to his touch.
This, where he was hovering over John on the bed, having worked him open with fingers and tongue—carefully, so carefully, so anxious to do this
and had taken what he wanted, and since it was what Sherlock wanted too, it was easy. What John wanted was the physical side of Sherlock, on top of whatever they already had. On top of being flatmates? Colleagues? Best friends? That bit had remained unarticulated.
A questing mouth, a desperate moan—Sherlock knew they wouldn’t be enough but he tried anyway, letting his lower lip gape prettily, soft and wet. John saw, and his eyes darkened, but he was not taken in. “Where, Sherlock?”
The authority settled over John’s shoulders. Like a mantle—had he thought that before? John, taking command. Rising to it.
Sherlock knows he is admitting to everything here, but the anomaly, the glitch, is too jarring. There is nothing for it. “Exactly.”
, despite his own stern blandishments to himself in the dark), and they are both still and satisfied and
It degenerates quickly after this, the crisp discipline of Sherlock’s martial arts training and the blunt efficiency of John’s military hand-to-hand fighting swiftly turning sloppy, hands grasping wildly, bodies rolling, legs taking out unwary bits of furniture and an arm or two that is actually flailing in there somewhere. Neither man wants to cede to the other, and although neither is willing to do any actual damage, it seems unlikely to end well.
” The touch is soothing, it is, but the vision is still so clear behind his eyes. He sits up on the sofa and begins to speak, desperately. “You were – I was in my, you know, I was – and you were there, and – oh, god. John. John, I need you. I need your help. It’s a virus, it must be. It’s – John. I need your help.”
“What, made a huge mess?” She tried to laugh, but couldn’t lift her head or eyes to tell if she’d succeeded.
Sherlock never quite relaxed when he was topping John, so determined was he to make it the best possible experience for him. And bottoming never quite lost its edge, either. John was always a little unpredictable, and looked for ways to challenge Sherlock’s expectations, so that Sherlock could never entirely relax, for all that he knew he was safe under John’s hands.
He took a deep breath, closed his eyes, and looked at John. The John he has built in his mind, over a long, long time.
Sherlock’s eyes squeeze shut, and then relax so that they are only closed,and the breath flows out of him. There is a gentle, gentle pressure on his head, drawing him towards John’s knee. He is sure it is not imagined.
It is ridiculous. John has already said what he came here to say, he’s only been asked to say it again so that Sherlock has a hope of responding the way he wants to. It’s out already, there, between them, on the carpet.
The next moment, Sherlock raised one reassuring hand and let it rest on the side of John’s neck, curling his fingers around his nape and letting them stroke over the fine hairs that grew there. John’s panic subsided under his touch, but
His mouth opened and his eyes filled and he was powerless to suppress what was shining out of his face.
He looks at his own bare feet and they give him no clues whatsoever. “I find it difficult, this sort, this sort of…”
Sherlock felt it too. They let it pass, and then John rose, creakily, to his feet and offered Sherlock a hand as well. Once on their feet, they kissed once, and made their way down the hall to the bedroom.
No sooner have they stepped into the sitting room, though, than long arms wrap around him from behind, at waist and throat, with a complicated weaving through the elbows that leaves him more or less immobilised.
, and in the moment, and perfectly attuned to one another’s bodies. Sherlock’s body was alive with arousal, riding high on the series of orgasms John had delivered her (hands, mouth, fingers, tongue) and her senses were keen now, keyed up and ready to touch and taste and pleasure John.
He crawls back to where Sherlock is standing fully dressed by the door, grabs his hand and slaps the bottle firmly into his palm, closing Sherlock's fingers around it.
Now John teased her fingers along both sides of Sherlock’s ribcage, running up to the soft undersides of her breasts. She stroked there, a sweep of fingertips, until she could see Sherlock’s tension mounting, and then brought the fingers of her right hand up to circle her lover’s dark nipple.
Another reach, back down Sherlock’s body, and a slow draw of fingers, up again. Same reaction, without restraint.
“I—I can’t explain it. But what you’re suggesting, it’s...it’s impossible. And you know I don’t say that lightly.”
“Thanks, Sherlock.” She lifts her hand—tingling a little, as the blood flows in—and strokes Sherlock’s face. “Really. That was—I didn’t even know that was what I needed. Thank you.”
who draws the sighs and writhing from her partner, from Sherlock, John who holds and cradles and presses and cages, John who murmurs endearments and encouragement, John who challenges, and who rewards. Who gazes, who admires.
Then the timbre of his cries changed, deepened, roughened. Sherlock wrapped a hand around John’s erection and stroked, firmly, savouring the heft and slide of it in his hand, watching John’s body carefully for any sign of
John’s eyes drilled into his. His face was unyielding, and his voice was harsh. “You want it hard, yes? You saw something you liked in that alleyway and now you want it fast and rough and hard. That’s right, isn’t it? Tell me.”
There is a low chuckle. “Yes, you are.” She clambers ungracefully onto her knees to reach the knots.
John blinks at him, his mouth opening slightly, his eyes going peculiarly expressive, as they do in those rare moments when the entire contents of his fiercely guarded heart become visible on his face. He draws a breath to speak, stops. Wets his lips and draws another breath. Blinks twice more. Another breath, but still no words.
One look at Sherlock’s swollen lips and flushed cheeks told her that Sherlock was ready for anything.
He is too bewildered to notice when John finally heaves a long, drawn out sigh, and reaches for his shoes. Too perplexed by his own shifting thoughts to observe the precise tension of the laces, the neat bows, left, right. Too adrift to catch the last, wistful look that John levels at him before his shoulders slump in defeat and he rises, nods once, and heads towards the door.
you’re the best man. Ever. Every...everything a good person should be. And if you give me your arse, and your—your trust...
“Untuck my shirt.” He wanted that touch, suddenly and maddeningly. John was withholding it, and Sherlock wanted it. “
Sherlock feels rather than sees the flick of a glance that John casts, sideways, up at his face. John’s hand slides, once, down towards his knee, and then back. He squeezes a little, hesitates, then says, “Is this—?”
“I, ah, don’t think you enjoyed that very much.” He said it as he plugged the kettle in. His back was turned to Sherlock.
“You lot are fucking soldiers,” the man said. “You know what I mean. It’s just not something you do if you’re a man.”
This time the case—wasn’t there always a case?—was unusually disturbing, even for Sherlock. Even at the crime scene after the fact, there was so much evidence of the killer’s chilling
He has to touch John. John, trembling before him. He has to touch John, and make this real, but John is pressed back in his chair, as far from Sherlock as he can get without actually moving. He is shuddering ever more violently.
John murmured into Sherlock’s skin.,“You’re absolutely gorgeous right now. So hot. Feeling all right?”
a doctor, and also an extraordinarily kind person. “Don’t worry. John, really. Don’t. What do you want to do, do you want to stop, or…?”
The heady combination of comfort and desperation, the way John gave him exactly what he desired, the way he made him ask for it, beg for it. The way John made him say exactly what he wanted, and made it safe. (For a given value of
, little maddening pulls as the pads of her fingers shifted and slithered over the slick, sensitive skin.
and was grinding Sherlock’s crotch against his hip and rumbling out his approval while Sherlock almost
It took a few false starts—he’d never had to accommodate a pregnant belly before—but in the end they found a way that worked, with her astride him. She took her pleasure from his body, and he only needed to hold her up, and push back against her, and it was fine that his eyes were mostly closed. And if, when he approached his climax, his short thrusts were harder than he meant, and if the sound he made as he came was more a howl and a sob than a moan, well, it had been a long time for them.
His relationships, when he had them, were lukewarm for the most part. Sometimes his girlfriends would touch him spontaneously, not for sex, and he liked that. It was lovely, actually. That someone regarded him kindly enough to make that contact, a squeeze or a caress for no purpose other than to communicate affection. It was…
I did say I'd continue this story, didn't I? Didn't I? Okay, I also said "soon", but "soon" is such a relative, subjective kind of term.
A porny one-shot. John picked up the first envelope on the pile beside him and began to take a very keen interest in it, without actually noticing anything about it at all. The revelation was profoundly shocking and yet—on a completely different level—utterly unsurprising. John wondered vaguely if this had perhaps happened once or twice before...but again, they rarely remembered the stories for long, even the finished ones, so he had no way of knowing. Surprising or not, John had no idea what to say now, so he busied himself with the…uh, credit card offer...he held in his hands, and said nothing at all.
John smiled at her. “Doing all right?” she asked, trailing a finger lightly through the wetness that slicked her vulva, making a wide circle around the tip of her clitoris, avoiding direct contact.
Now John’s head was hanging heavy, her hands braced on the wall, knees on either side of Sherlock’s head, her body quaking in rhythm with her panting breaths, her arms and thighs beginning to quiver. She would have to move soon. She never wanted to move again.
If John knew how much Sherlock meant by that, the game would be up. But how could he be here, with his arm around John’s waist and his prick inside him, how could he plant little kisses down John’s back, and love him and love him and
But no. John yanked himself out of Sherlock’s mouth mid-thrust, and his weight on Sherlock’s chest prevented the gasping detective from chasing him and hungrily recapturing his prize.
Sherlock has John’s mouth open under his, is breathing in John’s voice. He sets his hand down deliberately on John’s shoulder, then John’s hip, pressing his hand, step by step, down John’s body, until he wraps it carefully around John’s bare foot, John’s first offering.
“Tell me you want this.” There was no doubt in John’s voice, there was hardly even a question. He spoke the words as if they were a command, and was waiting for it to be obeyed.
John didn't know what Sherlock could see in his face, but what he saw in Sherlock's made him catch his breath, and set his heart to pounding in his chest. They stared at each other, and Sherlock's breathing was as unsteady as John's. Distantly it occurred to John that one of them would have to speak, but his voice was stuck in his throat and words were lost to him.
which would have been much, much worse, so Sherlock says, instead, “Of course.” And now, because he can never be sure when John has seen the obvious, he asks, “Do you see, though?”
They will not. Of course they won’t. They will need more talking, it is inevitable. Parsing their meanings, defining their terms. When Sherlock says
“Well. If you choose to see it that way. And yeah, I guess so. I’m not going to argue that point. I did think that. And as long as I, it was all...not good, but okay. I could live with it. With what I—what I did to you.”
Meanwhile his fingers (his hand having lifted of its own accord from the back of Sherlock’s chair) wound into the curls at Sherlock’s neck and yes, they were as warm as he had hoped, and growing damp. If he gripped, if he pulled, that throat would stretch out and the velvet-and-silk mouth would open wider.
The suddenness of Sherlock’s words, when he was stuttering and halting only a moment before, the speed with which they have burst from his mouth, stops them both in their tracks, startles them both into raising their eyes at the same time.
John has stepped directly from the wreckage of his life into the sitting room at 221B and if Sherlock looks closely (and Sherlock always looks closely) he will see the cinders and debris settling all around John, on his jumper, on his trousers, on the carpet at his feet and on his discarded shoes.
John is beside herself now, no longer able to identify the individual sensations as Sherlock doles them out. The light, stroking touches give way to firmer ones, and John has long since uncrossed her legs, but at a hard press of hand or wrist—which?—she mindlessly closes them again, crossing her ankles and squeezing her thighs, and rutting hard, exerting herself, sweating and shouting, chasing her pleasure, while Sherlock sucks on her ear and utters words which go almost unheard,
, but only rarely) was a favourite, and they tried it in an imaginative range of positions. Nothing was entirely off the table, for all that they each had their preferences.
She pulled her head away, and Sherlock made a little noise, and jerked her chin, as if trying to follow.
And since there was no stopping, he bowed his shoulders to drop his pelvis ever more deeply into Sherlock’s lap, and hooked his feet around the chair, using the purchase to thrust and thrust and
“Oh, look at you, my lovely, lovely girl. So ready for me, aren’t you?” John hovered her fingers just off the skin of Sherlock’s labia, brushing the hair, but not touching the skin. Sherlock whined. “Oh, do you like that, love? Shall I touch you? Would you like my fingers on you? Would you like me to touch you in there, closer?”
When he looks up the frustration and uncertainty are gone from his face. “No,” he says again. And suddenly, the words come freely. “Not so terrible. Or rather, at times, yes, terrible. When I would think that maybe we’d had a chance, but that it was too late now, that I’d missed it, yeah, that was, that’s pretty terrible.” He meets Sherlock’s eyes in little glances, in between looking at the carpet and the ceiling. He stutters, but keeps going. “In another way, though, this is…I don’t know how this is going to sound, but…towards the end, when I realised how much of my, of what I thought was real was, was, um, wasn’t at all. Then at least then I could take, it’s like I had it to take out and look at.” He holds his hands in front of him as he talks, cups them side by side, holds them aloft, almost, as a priest might hold a chalice during a consecration, as though he’s holding something precious. “I could look at it, and almost, almost hold it in my hands, what I felt for you, and look at it and say, yeah, that’s real. It, um. It hurt. It hurts. But it’s, it’s real, and it’s
“Good then.” She nestled back, smugly, into the pillows. “Now. Your wife has needs. Get in here and see to them.”
John shifts, his gaze and his weight. “Sherlock, we’ve been over this. It’s behind us. You don’t have to—”
“Agency. I know. But it was like everything else, every other terrible thing they made us do to each other. I couldn’t control it. I had no choice.”
“Because I asked you what was on your mind, and I don’t for a moment believe that you’re out here staring at the stars wondering about my romantic affiliations.”
Besides, there was the baby. John reined in his hatred until it felt a little like the kind of fierce tenderness he might feel for someone he loved, and had been betrayed by, and had forgiven. (Whoever that might be.) He let his thoughts go blurry and looked at her body as if at a photograph, and finally felt his own body stir.
“I’m not done. I want you to talk to me. Even if I’m not there. And when I am there, too, of course. I want you to tell me when you’ve thought of something new, or when you’ve solved something. I want that feeling when I’ve said something and it’s made you go,
He stood by Sherlock’s chair at the table, looked at him for a moment to confirm that this was permitted, was, indeed,
John began his thrust with a chuckle but ended it with a growl, sliding sure and strong and all the way in, and
“I did. God, I did.” John pulled out his chair and sat down opposite Sherlock. “But I was always going to.”
John’s foot on the floor gave her leverage and control, allowing her to thrust and press at will, and to chase down the contact she needed. Her orgasm built quickly. Not surprising, given how long she’d held herself back. She could feel it beginning to expand in her belly.
“Oh, god, me too, I love this, this is, this is,” but somehow Sherlock has managed to slide her other arm under John’s shoulders, to shift their bodies so that now she can get one hand on each of John’s flushed breasts, and closes her fingers, around both of John’s nipples, which she then slides between thumb and forefinger, back and forth, and John’s words are cut off in an incoherent cry.
yourself, what is it you think I should say? Hm?” He looks inquiring, nothing more. Politely curious. His voice is brusque, businesslike. Cold. These are his weapons, and from John’s twitchy smile he can see he’s hit his mark. “Well? Assuming I already knew, assuming you’ve not told me anything at all surprising, at all remarkable. As you believe. So? Now what? What, exactly, are you expecting from me?”
Once again, Sherlock’s hips began to move, but whereas before she’d been thrusting against the tip of John’s finger, now she was thrusting into her
, Sherlock’s mind offers, and he wonders again what else may be hidden in his own mind that he thought was deleted long since.
But the soft touches were the reeds through which the little silver fish darted and flashed, and John, spent though she was, felt a tightening in her pelvis, and her sleepy torpor was broken by a breath and a gasp, and her body rose a little, seeking.
and there is a tussle, as John grips and pulls at Sherlock’s shoulders and Sherlock muffles his face in John’s trouser leg and
John doesn’t know how to ask, though. Sometimes he doesn’t even quite know he wants it. But tonight he knows. His skin feels stretched, a little, tighter than it should be, in his chest and, oddly, around his fingernails.
tried to pretend there was nothing, or that it was no big deal, or that she was satisfied, really, with the way things are, and Sherlock—so pliant and accommodating in bed—was relentless and laser-focused and would not allow John to steer the conversation by even one degree. Getting progressively more distraught as the talk went on.
In response, Sherlock’s hips began to rock the barest bit faster, and she tilted and arched, seeking the best contact. Her pelvis tilted right back so that her clit stayed tip-to-tip with John’s tongue,
as the flush rose into his neck. The hair was crisp, the nipples brown and oblong, like twin thumbprints.
“No, this is really good. What else have you got here? John leaned in and tapped the mouse pad. ‘How to be a Better Bottom.’ I don’t know, Sherlock. Your bottom is already pretty terrific, if you ask me.”
Sherlock took a breath, expecting to engage the murderer—whose flair for the dramatic could only be an advantage to Sherlock—verbally. Instead he found himself immobilized from behind with an arm around his neck and a press of cold metal at his temple.
After several long, shuddering moments, Sherlock’s thighs eased away from the sides of John’s head, and her breathing steadied. She had come, for the third time that night, in small precise thrusts against John’s mouth, with John’s lips closed gently around her slick, swollen citoris, and two of John’s fingers curled inside her.
And if he didn’t ask, John wouldn’t do it. Or so Sherlock assumed. When John commanded him in that way, when John
But he is good at silencing that voice, having always known with utter certainty that his attentions would be unwelcome. Looking at John’s face – closed and forbidding despite the words he has said – Sherlock is no more certain of a welcome than he has ever been. In some ways, less than ever.
Suddenly just so... possible. Because Sherlock was allowing it, was accepting it, was revelling in it.
There’s something different about it. Certainly Sherlock has splayed himself there before, as he often splays himself on any available surface. But there’s something different that has been building all day, building to this.
He almost didn’t come. He felt his erection begin to flag more than once, but somehow the idea that he might not be able to perform filled him with horror.
Suddenly, he found himself thrown off-balance, as Sherlock wrapped him in a strong embrace, fastened his mouth on John’s shoulder, and propelled them both across the room, to thump John’s back against the door. When John's brain caught up, Sherlock had him flat against the worn wooden surface, his elbows on either side of John’s head and the backs of his hands just barely brushing John’s face, caging him with his body and
is where the greater bravery lies for John: Not in taking a rough touch and a hard, ramming cock—John is numb to ungentleness, he has seen so much of it—but in accepting a reverent hand, an ardent desire, and words that force him to see his own value.
The pleasure that shuddered through him was so much more than physical. He came, and gasped, and came, and somewhere in the middle of it he opened his eyes and saw Sherlock’s hand cradling him, smeared with his come, and the sight of it was so beautiful it almost hurt.
John. Anything, do you hear me? And of all things, you’re choosing to do this, you’re giving me this, so I won’t have to wonder what you think of me. So I’ll know.”
He means with his whole body, too, and a warm hand on soft curls is only the beginning. Is it for John, as well? What does John mean, when he says
“Shut up,” the murderer told him, completely unnecessarily. “No, it’s better all around if you shoot him.”
John opens his mouth to speak but stops. He shifts his weight, leans back, makes to cross his legs, but then doesn’t. He leans forward and rests his elbows on his knees. Clasps his hands together. Looks up at Sherlock past raised eyebrows that make deep ridges across his brow. Still doesn’t speak.
John meant to be reassuring here, but by saying it didn’t mean any of that, he left open the possibility that it didn’t mean anything at all.
John, strong and controlling and a little frightening, to fill him full; he wanted John deep inside him, all the way up into his belly, and he’d howl through the pain if that’s what it took.
“Vatican cameos.” But she doesn’t want to use it. She’s asked for this. This is what she wants, and the restraints are there to stop her from sabotaging it—
“I want you, inside me, filling me up, taking care. Of me.” He swallowed, winced a little. “Loving me.” More. “Making love to me.” There.
Now, though, John does hurry. His shoes are off and his jacket is off and he is pulling his shirt, only half unbuttoned, over his head. He gives Sherlock another hard kiss while unbuckling his belt. He hitches his jeans off his hips and lets the weight of the belt pull the trousers to the floor, and kicks them off with his feet. He doesn’t break eye contact the whole time.
They were so close together. So close, with John’s back resting again on the old green door and Sherlock’s right hand slow and easy on his cock. With his left hand, he reached behind John’s neck and curled his fingers into the short hair at his nape. He brought John’s head towards him and pressed their foreheads together. John looked at his face and saw that Sherlock’s eyes were fixed on his own hand, moving on John’s prick, as if he couldn’t look away.
“But you, but you,” despite an answering grind of the pelvis, John trying to get the words out. “But you said.”
After that, there was no kind of sex that either of them balked at trying—at least, no kind that either of them ever suggested. Penetrative sex (John eventually relented and occasionally allowed them to
Sherlock turns his head as well, and sees John’s smile, full on. He’s so close. Sherlock could… Sherlock
Her hands clenched where they could reach, clutched and gripped shoulders, arms, and jaw, just on the edge of no longer gentle, seized in the grip of a fierce hunger.
Another sigh. “I don’t know why you bothered lying to him. Usually when you don’t want to do something you just say “no” and storm out.”
“I’m sure you’re right, John. For example, the fellow in the blue jersey with his legs wrapped around his…
, John thought distantly, and would have laughed. Sentiment was a meagre word for this; this was their souls embracing.
Maintaining the delicate movement of tongue and lips, John brought a hand up and curled two fingers into Sherlock’s opening, flicking and scissoring as they entered. The squelch and flow of Sherlock’s wetness in her hand and the smell and feel of it in her mouth were almost too much for John.
Being on his knees with his mouth stretched around Sherlock’s cock did nothing to diminish his...power. This is what happened when you thought you were safe with John Watson.
“I – ” He gives a short laugh. “I know your methods, Sherlock. I’ve made a rather obvious deduction.”
A moment later John’s arms are free. She stretches, with a contented little sound. She would never allow anyone to call her
Sherlock didn’t even try to contain his small smile, at that. “You do, John. You always do. I should have seen it.”
Sherlock never does this, never presents himself for pleasure so eagerly. Never admits to - whatever it is he’s admitting to.
John only looks at him for a long time, though, and does not accuse. After a long moment, he says, “I know I was – harsh. Before, when I told you I’m in love with you.”
John collapsed over Sherlock, panting, her twitching vulva still resting in Sherlock’s open palm. She had rocked herself to a powerful orgasm, grinding herself down into Sherlock’s hand, arching her breasts up against Sherlock’s fingers, chasing her pleasure at her own will, while Sherlock lay beneath her, willing and pliant and still buzzing from her own orgasms.
(“We’ve already got everything else,” John had said. Was emotional intimacy part of that, for John? Wasn’t it? Was it?)
, no further object of desire beyond John himself, and he would ready himself to respond, to accede, to acquiesce...and then the
The strong, rough knuckles, circling lightly—light, so gentle, but so strong. They carried with them the maddening slide on the sensitive skin, but also fierce jabs, gritty bricks, broken glass. Broken bones.
that degree of arrogance, although I suppose, on balance, I ought to have done. He just that sort of...Oh. Oh, no, hey, it’s—”
John stood there in his pants, dark grey boxer briefs, and there was only one detail left to confirm. The full picture had yet to emerge, but Sherlock had moved beyond apprehension. With the other details, it was always at least theoretically possible that he might have gotten it wrong, a shade of skin or the softness of a belly, perhaps, or the specific
John, that’s it, I know you can feel me, does it, does it feel all right? You’re so, you’re so—look at you, you’ve gone so soft, you’ve let me in, I’m all the way in, oh god, John, I’m all the way inside you and you’re so, you’re so—
Greg flicked his eyes towards John exactly once.  Whatever he saw on John’s face apparently made him finally rethink the whole conversation, as well as his presence in the flat.
Anal penetration. John would certainly want that. Eventually. He said it didn’t matter who fucked whom—only he didn’t say
John’s words were as steady as they ever were, he made sure of that, and his eyes too did not falter, so that he saw Sherlock wait for the rest of the sentence, realise it would not be forthcoming, and freeze—which, oddly, came with its own movement. John watched as those long hands twitched and then went still. He saw, also, the sharp (though noiseless) intake of breath, and the slowness with which the air was let out again, so that it made no sound. If he hadn’t been watching so closely he would not have seen any reaction at all. He recognised the control, and also (he thought) the effort it cost.
And all the while, John’s intense gaze, John’s firm hands, gripping his thigh, John’s steady thrusts, John’s strong, strong body in complete control of every staggering, shattering, crushing sensation. John, terrible and dire and
Swift and final. John was a coward, but at least he made himself watch Sherlock’s face when he said it.
Sherlock can’t let his guard down until after John has left, and John cannot leave without his shoes. Sherlock wraps his anger around him like a coat and hunkers down to wait. He does not know what John will do.
“You want it.” Sherlock takes the rounds of John’s arse in his two hands and spreads them. Wide. He stretches and crooks his two thumbs, presses them into the skin on either side of John’s opening, using them to
“Yeah.” John does not raise his read, and he’s not sure what he’s giving assent to. Perhaps just responding to his name.
Afterwards, after the kissing, John sat them both on the sofa. He took one of Sherlock’s hands in both of his. His intention was clear; they were going to Talk.
Sherlock looked at him then. That is, he’d been looking over at him on and off for the whole discussion, but John knew without needing to see it the exact moment when the casual glance sharpened, focused. Sherlock
She kept up her alternating claw movement, maintaining speed and pressure, and let Sherlock’s own tension take care of the build-up. As the detective’s breathing became shallower, John added a firmer touch to the nipple as she pulled away, a squeeze, not quite a pinch, and the barest twist before her fingers were gone again.
“Sherlock? All right?” John bites her lip, searches Sherlock’s face. “We said, um. We said no more secrets.”
He starts with John’s face – well. The face he sees all the time, waking and sleeping. It is and is not as he imagined it, because John’s face is never the same way twice. He has known his face for years, and has never looked at it without being surprised. No need to dwell on it now.
He couldn’t get enough, could hardly stand for his mouth and hands to not be touching Sherlock’s body. Distantly he realized that Sherlock was trying to undo his shirt in return but it did not cross his mind to help; his hands were busy, and his mouth was hungry. At last Sherlock dipped his head and captured John’s mouth with his, and then John hardly noticed Sherlock’s fingers working at the buttons of his shirt until he, too, was bare-chested.
