, it just makes me feel like… like I’m on the outside again, like she’s who you want, like she’s what matters to you more than I do-”
Whether she or he like it or not, she is the face of his nightmares, the beautiful, seductive shade that stalks him, ready to slip a knife into his back.
Zola, hand covering his eyes, aims his gun blindly at the scuffle, but Tony pushes one of the guards at him, who fires on impact, killing the guard. Tony swings his fist again, knocking out Zola as well.
“Because you don’t know, there might be a lot of freaks out there just like me who would’ve been happy that guy died. Would you have
Tony closes his eyes, reaches out and fists his hand in James’ shirt, the blood creeping onto his fingers, red-black and damp. He pulls James inside and shuts the door.
Tony lifts an eyebrow and is about to say something, when Steve neatly inserts himself, lifting the little girl onto his lap.
Tony sits upright, rubbing at his eyes. When he looks back out the door, the hallway is empty; the body bag is gone, but there’s a dark smear on the tiles.
He floats along with the air pocket until he comes to what looks like an extraordinary base built in the hollow interior of the island. This chamber, with the docking bay, is almost all water. A huge natural cavern, which must have been reinforced and enlarged by the Germans. The submarine sits surfaced at the dock, and Tony somehow ends up on the base of the cavern, in a hatch cut into the wall, where he can see a mine train arrangement, consisting of small, separate, electric-powered cars, sitting on a track which disappears into another tunnel cut in the rock.
Peter nods. “Yeah, Steve draws with me and lets me play with his paints, and Bucky takes me flying,” he tells her, completely chuffed that they would do this for him.
“I’m a little busy over here, Steve, you know, trying not to die in a fiery ball of death,” Tony wheezes.
There’s a knock, the sharp rap of knuckles against the wooden door frame, and Tony and Steve turn in unison to see James lingering in the doorway, awkwardly.
“That’s such bullshit,” Tony says, derisively. “You realise that you put me and you put our children in danger,” he points out. “If you’d told me, if you’d told me what you were doing, then, I could’ve… I could’ve been more wary, I could’ve… I could’ve
“What sort of life would I have if he left?” Tony asks, his face austere and serene. “This way, he comes home, he kisses me, and he loves our children. If I speak about it with him, if I accuse him or fight with him over it, if I push him, he’ll leave, and we might not see him again. I can’t… my pain is nothing compared to how much that will fuck the twins over,” he says, with a viciousness that borders on madness. “People with daddy issues do stupid things when they grow up; they settle for shit when they should have gold because when Daddy walked out and didn’t come home, they thought they weren’t worthy of love. I know that, because it’s what I do. I did it with you, and I’m doing it now with Steve, but that’s okay. It’s okay if I do it, if it means that my children won’t make my choices and my mistakes one day.”
“How the fuck do I know?” Natasha snaps. She pauses, swallowing. “I don't expect you to believe me.”
Toni, wisely, does not point out the obvious in an attempt to start their marriage on the right foot.
A flicker cracks in his expression, and then, Steve’s face closes up like a storm shutter. “And is there any particular reason why you need space, Tony?” he asks, his voice careful, measured, precise.
Peter nods, vehemently, his hands stained a dull canary yellow. “And we drew something! Do you want to see it?” he asks, excitedly.
He sucks in a deep breath when Steve’s hand slides between his thighs, under his cock, which is already half-hard, and he finds Tony’s rim, slick, wet, still leaking.
be by your side. I will always defend you, and I think, because you have proven yourself already, you will always defend
And Steve Rogers is just another name in a long list of people who claimed they loved him but ended up disappointing him, and now, he would end up disappointing Tony’s children as well, and that’s the worst, that’s the thing Tony can’t bear to deal with, to endure, the idea that he has made such a fundamental mistake when it comes to the character of someone that he loves and his children are going to be the ones that pay for it.
Everything is normal, except for the desperate hummingbird-esque hammering of his heart in his chest.
“Is there any particular reason why an insurance claims agent comes home at midnight every night, Steve?” Tony replies, in the exact same militaristic tone, his eyes sending glances of
He starts from the top and goes straight to the bottom. His hair is still thick and full, even if there are strands of grey creeping around the edges of his hairline, particularly near his temples. Pepper had even commented upon it when she’d come over last week with a folder full of contracts that the hermit CEO of Stark Industries needed to sign. He hadn’t thought much of it, but maybe it was time to start dying it, or at least, touching it up so that no one else figured out he was already succumbing to his age.
Each step away from what is left of the battle is a death knell in the life he’d dared to dream for himself.
, with everything, with Steve and James and fucking Natasha Romanoff and even the kids that he loves with everything in him, and it’s taken everything inside him not to drown himself in a bottle of vodka or take a fucking machete to Steve’s lying, cheating head or cry himself to sleep or drape the covers over his head so he never has to push himself into the world again.
, you and Steve, you’re both my home. That’s it. That’s all I need to know,” James says, full of resolve.
Tony looks at Steve, and there isn’t a hint of jealousy on his face, just want, pure, unabashed want.
“I’m glad,” Sam says, his voice not giving anything away. He gestures to the seat on the other side of the bed. “You want to sit down?”
“I know, I know I probably sound like… like every single fucking house spouse in existence, and just because he comes home late and our sex life is turning to dust and he has secret conversations with her that he doesn’t want me to hear and she comes over and pretends like she’s my friend doesn’t mean that he’s having an affair,” Tony says, weakly, his heart spasming in his chest.
Steve just stares at him for a moment, a pale, thin shadow after Tony’s let loose all of his nausea and rage, and it’s as if all the thoughts in his head have ground to a halt and he doesn’t know what else to say.
Natasha Romanoff stands on the other side, a far cry from the seductive presence that Tony had always imagined, had always seen her as, with those voluptuous curves and her bouncy dark auburn hair and that sly little smile like she’s plotting something deep in her head.
Steve stares at him, half-horrified, half-furious. “Where is this coming from?” he asks, his voice biting.
Steve keeps splashing oil the rest of the way to the wall. It lights, and Steve pushes Tony over to the wall. He pours the remaining oil in a circle around them, creating a safe zone there.
“Oh, please, if that little show just then was about an actual fucking apology, I will sign over all of my bank accounts to Bill Gates,” Tony tells him, coldly.
Tony starts, and outside, through the open door of the classroom, there’s a full-sized rubber body bag, the sort of bag for corpses, lying in a black pool of water or blood or God knows what. The body bag is stained through, red and yellow, and the sight of it churns Tony’s stomach.
The door to the bedroom opens, and Steve is standing in the doorway, and anything he might have continued to say falls short as Steve gets a good look at him.
There are a number of photos there, photos of Steve as a baby, smiling with his gums in the sink, as he’s bathed.
He looks down at finds evidence of a wet orgasm all over his belly, which Steve leans down and doesn’t hesitate to lick up until his stomach is spit-shiny and damp. Tony groans, and his cock twitches.
He looks up, catching James’ eyes, so that he can see his cock pulsing in Tony’s throat, before Tony pulls off, tongue tracing aimless patterns of the velvet-hard length, dragging the head over his lower lip. He licks the tip clean of pre-come and spit, before sucking the length of his cock down his throat, while giving his balls a good, hard tug.
“I love you,” Steve hums, his nose nudging into Tony’s dark, thick hair, and kisses the back of his neck.
Steve always has a spare dollar for the homeless people he passes by on a run in the morning. He gets really excited when they’re in the park and dogs rush at him, and he turns into a four-year-old, grappling with them on the grass. Sometimes, Tony would wake up, and Steve would just be sitting in an armchair, a sketchbook propped up in his lap, clutching at a charcoal, with that fond, ever-loving look in his eyes. Sometimes, Tony fell asleep in front of the television, and Steve always carried him up to bed and tucked him in.
,” Tony snarls at him. “I have never, in our whole relationship, given you shit over the fact that you were a virgin the first time we had sex. Hell, it was a kink
That pains Steve, judging by the way that his face becomes taut, stretches around the bones and cartilage of his face like it’s painful.
“You are the love of my life,” she says, her voice tender and soft. “I will never love anyone the way that I love you.”
James flinches, closes his eyes as if Tony’s actually struck him across the face. “I know,” he says, roughly, like his throat is numb and it’s hard to get words out. “I
The terrible thing is that Steve is actually an awful liar, which just makes all of his lies even worse, because not only is he lying through his teeth constantly to Tony, but he actually thinks that Tony is that
universe, there were no misunderstandings, no brainwashing, no amnesia, no HYDRA, no secrets, and Steve and Bucky work for SHIELD, and Tony runs Stark Industries, and they have two kids together, Peter and Maushmi, and they’re a family, a good, happy family, and they live happily ever after, like the ending to a Disney movie.
“Clearly, I failed on that front,” Steve retorts. “Because look at what you were doing when I wasn’t around to pay attention.”
He doesn’t know what he would have done if he’d had to sit with Steve on one of those brown suede couches, opposite a woman in front of whom he’d have had to lie and tell all kinds of stories to give a vanilla-flavoured version of exactly what had happened between the two of them.
Tony looks at him, remembers the man that he’d fallen in love with, still loves even with the lies, how certain, how firm he’d been when he told Tony that he wasn’t seeing someone else, how sorry was, how easily he’d cried in front of Tony when he’d seen the damage that he’d indirectly created.
Tony swears into the darkness and forces himself to look again into Natasha’s cell. The killer picks up Natasha’s bedsheet and tests it between his hands, tugging it to see if it will tear. Without thinking, he starts banging against the glass.
Tony makes his way over to the fire, which is shrinking in the fireplace. He jabs at it abstractedly with a poker, thinking of Steve Rogers, how he looked, compared to the last time that Tony had seen him. He was taller, sure, with broader shoulders, but his hair was still like gold, and his eyes the same blue as a summer storm, and he smiled the same, smiled with his entire face like he was a kind and gentleman. He was none of those things.
“I wouldn’t have left you!” Steve barks at him. “I wouldn’t have done that. I don’t think about you like that at all. I don’t see any of the things you pointed out. I still think that you’re the most handsome person I’ve ever met. I
“That was all Steve,” Natasha says, quickly. “I didn’t want to go at first, but he looked so pathetic, and I knew he’d screw it up, you know? Buying you a gift, so I decided to tag along.” She sighs, heavily, like she’s exhausted right down to her bones. “Tony, you need to understand this, or believe me at the very least when I say this: I have never wanted you and Steve to break up.”
“I don’t mean to, uh, interrupt, but I thought that if we were going to have any conversations, we should probably do it while the kids are sleeping?”
Steve groans and actually fists his cock. “Fucking slut,” he says, darkly, and thrusts the vibrator inside Tony’s body
When all three had come, and they were lying in the bed, their legs tangled together, their skin sweat-shiny, Bucky had turned to her and said, “you didn’t answer my question.”
When they make it to the entrance of the second train tunnel, they struggle to lift the chest into a mine car. Tony has the submachine gun slung over his back, and the chest drops heavily into the bottom of the car. However, the noise attracts the attention of five water-carrying Nazis, who come to see what is going on and reach for their side-arms.
“I accept that we have bonded, that our lives have commenced together on this day, but I will not come to your bed, not until you have reached eight and ten and you tell me that you wish for me to come to your bed. You must want it, or I could never dream of touching you.”
Tony kisses him, kisses him again and again, and Steve is still rocking his hips inside Tony, and Tony’s pushing back, rolling back, and it’s a perfect rhythm, with the two of them grasping and tumbling, and Tony’s chest is full, so full that he didn’t think it was possible – he didn’t think it was possible to be this happy, this content – and when he comes, he comes with Steve’s name on the edge of his tongue, and he clutches at him.
He looks at the kids now, at their small bodies tucked into the same bed, their faces slack and contented with sleep, and he kisses them both on the forehead, swiftly. He has the sudden urge to remove
“Well, I suppose… the immediate answer is polyamory, but somehow I don’t think we’re ready for that,” Tony muses.
with every moment that passes, because the kids aren’t here, right? Because the kids are gone; whoever did this to Wanda has our
Tony looks down just in time to see Steve wrap that big, pale hand of his around Tony’s cock, while his mouth closed around the head. Steve swipes his tongue over the slit and then, quickly removes his hand, swallowing him down to the base, tracing the vein beneath the head.
“Wow, I wonder why I would think that,” Tony says, sarcastically. “That last night, when it was all done, you came home, and you were covered in blood, do you remember?”
The bed sheet is no longer on the bed. The killer, materialising out of the shadow again, holds it between his hands like a garrotte. He looks up and leers at Tony, then moves for Natasha.
But nothing happens; there is no destruction, no fury, no terrible, widespread death of everyone that Tony loves, because the stones are no longer in the gauntlet that Thanos is wearing.
Each thing that he says tightens the knot in Tony’s throat, and it’s as he feared, that his dread and his anxiety, which had prevented him from objecting to his goodbrother’s alarming behaviour, has now placed him in a situation where he has no excuse, no protest.
Instead, Lord Steven tends to the fire, even as Tony climbs under the sheets, turns onto his side, and closes his eyes.
He starts with one, because one is the easiest, pressing it against his rim until he feels the muscle give away. He bears down against the stretch until he’s knuckle-deep and starts thrusting the finger inside himself, using plenty of lube to make the way slippery.
James also stills, as he gets his breathing under control, as he tries to recover from what it was like to have someone come inside for the first time. Tony, frustration bleeding through him, squirms unthinkingly on his cock, still stuffed full, and shifts his hips, his insides rippling around James’ cock.
“Absolutely not, your teacher might kill me for sending you out there on a sugar rush,” Tony says, wistfully.
“You are fucking delusional? Have you been drinking? Is that what this is? Are you drunk?” Steve asks, furiously.
Tony gapes at him, and then, he feels the offence like a flood of heat into his body, like he had swallowed a whole, lit much. “It would be
Despite everything, despite Tony wanting to throttle Steve for fucking someone else, Steve is still his husband, and Tony and his fool heart still loves him very much, would still crawl into his heart and pitch a tent there if he could.
“That was understandable. He shouldn’t have done that; does he…” she hesitates, “does he know about your history?”
He almost feels guilty, planting his kids in front of the television like they’re something to be disposed of when he has something better to do, but he bats the idea away quickly. He loves his children, loves them like nothing else in the world.
It’s a little uneven on her end, but that’s okay, because Sam and Natasha and Clint and Thor are her family too.
James groans, and he clutches at him, his fingers digging into his hips to the point of bruising, and Tony’s arms tighten around his neck.
“Why, Dr. Rogers, whatever are you doing in such a nasty place?” Rumlow taunts and he and Zola start laughing.
He takes his seat opposite Tony, his hand finding the stem of his wine glass, which he drinks from heartily.
Wanda nods. “I hated it at the beginning. I hated having to talk about my feelings; I’m not that sort of person, honestly. I don’t… I don’t throw up all my feelings everywhere, and now, I process my emotions in a healthy way, I suppose. But the first few months were
job; it’s not like I’m responsible for the livelihood of hundreds of thousands of people across the world; it’s not as though that I revolutionise the world every time I invent something or theorise something. But no, it’s nothing compared to what he does. And I really screwed the pooch by expecting my husband to contribute to our children’s child care, even slightly. He clearly thought I was a shit husband, a shit father, and that I was just drinking wine and watching TV while he was at work and the kids were at school, so why the hell couldn’t I pick the kids up?”
Tony shrugs. “Avalanche. Up there in the Himalayas. He spent his whole life digging. That was all he ever wanted to do. Dragging me all over this goddamned earth. For what?” he says to himself, bitterness leaking through his voice. “And he had to go and take my poor Amma down with him.”
But, really, he can’t imagine an innocent, innocuous relationship that leads to the way that Natasha looks at Steve, or how confident Natasha is when she’s lecturing him on his own marriage.
“I don’t believe you,” Grant tells him, his voice soft. “I think you’re just like all of the other omegas that I know, desperate for a good fuck and not knowing where to get it. I can promise you, my brother sure won’t give it to you. He’s as green as you are, and I know what omegas are like, dear Tony. I know they pretend to be virtuous creatures, but once you get them into bed, they become sluts. You need a firm hand, an alpha who knows what he’s doing. That’s me. I can give you what you really want.”
The lighter ejects, and Tony grabs it, turning it over to look at the burner, which is glowing red-hot.
“As I said,” Steve says, roughly, and there is a sheen of tears in his eyes, “I do not believe you to be a cold-hearted, cruel murderer. I would like to believe that you would not lie about such a thing.”
Steve runs his knuckles down the length of her bicep. “I can’t deny that. When do you have to go to work?”
The riding adventure doesn’t work out the way that he wants it to, because that night, when Lord Steven comes to bed, he doesn’t touch Tony.
Tony forces himself to breathe, to take long, deep breathes, until he stops seeing red, red and red, and he turns his attention back to the street camera footage.
“You’re sure the guy’s nowhere near the kids?” he says, shoving the point of his finger into James’ firm chest.
Tony shrugs, the lies coming to him easily. “I’ve had it in my closet for a while; I just decided to try it on today.”
Tony remains silent, bites down on his lip when Grant slides two fingers into his body, dry as a bone.
He pauses, and Tony can’t help but think what a graduation ceremony for an academy of assassin would be.
“No, you didn’t, because you’re going through shit, and I’m not going to hold it against you, just like I know you wouldn’t, if the situation was reversed,” Tony says, shrugging.
you. Please, please, let me stay here, like this, forever, just you and me, together. Stay with me, Tony. I can’t… I don’t think I can be away from you ever again.”
Disappointment curls in Tony’s belly – he would have liked it if Lord Steven had stayed longer, but perhaps that was wishful thinking.
“You don’t want to know,” he drawls. His eyes settle on Tony’s hole, tilting his head. “You look like something I should have paid for.”
Steve hadn’t wanted him, and Tony had pushed him; Tony had pushed him, but Steve hadn’t faltered with his conviction, hadn’t forced him into anything, pushed back until Tony was fleeing, which he realises, only after the fact, that he would have, in the end.
There is a sheen of tears in Steve’s eyes. “Of course you can call us Daddy. We’d be honoured, Pete,” he says, his voice rough with emotion. “So, uh, what do you think about us adopting you?”
“You feel so fucking hot and tight around my cock. You’re gripping me like a vice,” Steve murmurs, softly. “It’s like we were always meant to be like this; you were always meant to take me inside your body, Tony. Nothing will ever feel like this, nothing will ever be as good as this, for either of us. You promise?”
When he opens his eyes, he’s standing in the middle of his English class, and everyone is staring at him as though he’d gone mad. Ms. Hill walks over to him, her mouth thin with concern.
“Tony, what are you doing here this late at night?” he asks, resting his hip against the door frame.
“Now, I’m sure the two of you would have been very careful about introducing the person that you were seeing to your children. Children at that age become very attached to this image that they have of their parents and the relationship that they see between the two of you, especially in happy, functional homes, like yours. It’s hard for them to transition from that sort of household to something else. Now, children, of course, are very malleable and can be quite open to those changes, and it’s always better when they’re younger, which of course, is not to suggest that people should try and get divorced when their kids are younger if they can help it, but it is… a lot easier and a lot more palatable for young children to get used to changes in relationship dynamics between their parents. Older children, children in their teenage years, don’t always react well, and that reaction often blends in a negative way with the onset of puberty and can manifest in anger and guilt and a tendency to make the parents feel guilty for changing their family, or
“It is possible, Tony,” Wanda says, kindly. “Therapists, counsellors, they are not bad words, not dirty words.”
people, the people who get stuck at home with the kids, while the other goes to work and has an actual life, and when they come home, the partner with the kids is too fucking tired to have sex, because raising children might be the hardest profession Tony has ever dabbled in, and so, they have to feign a headache to get out of disappointing their partner.
Steve stands up in a hurry, and then, his legs give out from underneath him. Tony makes an aborted lunge towards him, but Steve glowers hard enough that Tony backs down and allows him to steady himself on the edge of the couch, his bony hand pale and tight against the armrest.
“Yeah, I did,” Tony says, heavily, annoyance bleeding into his tone. “Until I didn’t. Until you started lying to me and hiding from me and suddenly, there was this hot redhead on your arm that you talked to constantly, and I thought,
There are jewels, jewels aplenty and vivid, vivid tapestries, and for a second, Tony’s breath is caught in his throat and chest.
He slides two fingers up inside her, and she moans, her thighs twitching, fucking his come back inside her, before he slips out and licks them dry. He settles back onto the bed, breathing hard, just like he is, ignoring the pain in his ribs, in his sternum.
The nurse scrambles away as Dr. Banner claps his hand over the wounds. He looks straight into Tony’s face, and then, Tony smiles, smiles a broad, nightmarish smile, and then, he pulls something out of the sheets, a filthy, worn hat, the killer’s hat.
Tony is the first to rush inside, and it’s actually quite anti-climactic, because there are two men standing there, and there are two chairs in front of them, and the kids are sitting on them, their faces damp and swollen with tears, and the men have guns out, flashing them in front of their small, skinny, terrified bodies.
Steve huffs. “Of course I do. I just…” he swallows, “I just, this morning, I could have fucked you into the mattress, gone all night, and now, I can’t… I can’t even keep it up for a couple of minutes, and now, I’m just…” he looks down at his limp cock, hanging against his thigh, “I’m just
James quirks an eyebrow up. “What, you think I just suddenly came up to your door without doing a little reconnaissance first? What do I fucking look like to you, an amateur?”
Tony worries his teeth on his lower lip and reaches between their bodies, grasping at Steve’s cock. The muscle in Steve’s jaw begins to tense, and Tony lifts himself up onto his knees, so that he can position the head of Steve’s cock at his rim. His throat flexes, as he bears down, the blunt pressure of Steve’s cock filling him with friction, the stretch enveloping his body.
That’s all it said, so I figured you’d gotten everything you wanted from me and ditched me like day old pizza.”
“Yeah, I could suck your brains out through your dick right now, out here, and then, we could inside for penetrative sex, or we could go inside, make out on the couch like teenagers, with the adult version of wine coolers, which would be vodka cruisers, and then, go to my bedroom, or we could just split a bottle of champagne between the two of us and see what happens?”
, that I had wrenched away from him some of his dignity or something, that I’d made him feel less important. So, he gave me an ultimatum. He told me that if I didn’t end things with you, he’d ruin my career, he’d make sure that no one ever looked at me twice for a gig; he’d make sure that I disappeared into obscurity and spent the rest of my life working as a bank store clerk or something, trying to make ends meet. And I told him to do his worst, because I didn’t like the bastard, and I sure as hell wasn’t scared of him. And then, he told me that he would ruin
Tony shakes his head. “No, I have to go to school, Amma. Otherwise I'll just sit up there and go crazy or something.”
“Yeah, I, uh, I made some calls and finally got in touch with someone who’s an expert in prisoners of war and handling their rehabilitation,” Tony explains. “He and James have been meeting.”
“He’s already twenty,” Maushmi soothes, her accent still thick. “He’s not bonded, and there does not seem to be an alpha in sight. Maybe this would be good for him. He would be able to put himself out there–”
“Surrogate,” Tony says, shortly. “My friend, Pepper. She agreed to be the surrogate. It was, there were complex stem cells involved, so they look like both me and Steve.”
Tony sighs, leaning back against the table. “Well, let’s just say that, as someone who is arguably the best mechanical engineer in the country, and all I can say is that this stuff is… it’s impressive, to say the least.”
“Nobody’s perfect,” Peggy says, sarcastically, as she picks up the map and carries it across the room.
, that’s enough, that’s so enough, and Tony’s coming, embarrassingly fast, and streaks of come spill over his belly and his legs are spasming in mid-air.
Tony turns with a sheepish smile. “You know me. I love playing with things that arguably could destroy the universe in my little engineer’s workshop. Don’t wait up!”
“Do you know what happened the last time that I went for a fucking parent-teacher interview with Miss Lewis? Miss Lewis, you do remember her, right? Our kid’s teacher?”
James looks up at him through his eyelashes, his pale eyes hot. “Like I could ever forget what it was like to be with you.”
Natasha nods, fervently. “I really tried to say no, but he wasn’t having it. He said that he was really grateful for my help, and so I took the necklace.”
“Seven, eight, gonna stay up late! Nine, ten, never sleep again!” they sing, and Tony feels it in his bones.
you. That’s it. In this relationship, what we have with each other comes above everything, and Peter comes above all of us,” Steve agrees, and Toni feels the tears edging her eyes.
Hell, maybe it’s always been like this, and it’s only now, when the kids are at school and he suddenly has an empty house to be faced with, that he’s realised it, realised that his marriage is rotting from the inside out.
“Do you mind…” he hesitates. “I know I shouldn’t be asking this, but can you please stay? Just until I come back?”
The recruits scramble up a cargo net, but Steve’s foot gets tangled in the rope, and Hodge climbs over him, laughing, smashing his face. Tony winces, but Steve grimaces and hauls himself up.
There’s also a lot that he could tell James about everything that’s wrong in his marriage, about how lonely he is, about how shitty he feels about himself, how unwanted, unloved, undesirable he feels, about how he’s pretty certain that the reason why Steve and him aren’t having sex anymore is because he’s found someone else to fill those uses in his life, someone that he might actually love, love more than he loves Tony, and Tony’s scared, no, he’s fucking terrified that if he brings it up with Steve, it’ll mean that the illusion will be broken, that Tony will finally have to acknowledge how rotten and fetid his marriage has become, that it might be the match in the powder barrel and Steve will realise as well that this marriage of theirs is a corpse and run to the fucking horizon with Natasha Romanoff, and Tony will have his children, yes, and he’ll love them until they burn his body, but he’ll never open himself to another person ever again, because Steve and even James will have destroyed that part of him so thoroughly and Tony will be left with the undeniable, unassailable fact that he is unloved, that he is not worth staying for.
with her luncheons and her parties and whatever it is that she busies her day with. You had plenty of time to get that hover car up and running. You’ve known about the Expo for months. All I ask from you is to do your work and to do it
“Fuck you, Rogers. You wanted to be away from me so badly, but I’ll tell you what,” Tony holds up the medallion possessively, “I’m your goddamn partner now!”
He looks like he did the day that they got married, all tall and golden and handsome with that perfect ass and a chest and stomach that Tony could bounce quarters off and a face that looks like something Michelangelo might have constructed.
“I didn’t want to keep it a secret,” she snaps. “I just hoped that you would forget all about it, and we’d put it past us for good.”
Tony holds his hands up in surrender. “Sorry, sorry.” He surveys the wounds, the bandages clean and bright. “Good?”
“Because I don’t know what to think anymore,” he snarls. “Because you’ve been acting strange, and there was that fucking bracelet that I
He dips his head and closes his mouth around the head, and Steve groans, long and hard, his hand finding its way into Tony’s hair.
He brought a fucking army from 2014 to get the infinity stones from them and kill them all, so he’s pretty fucking determined, in Tony’s opinion.
“Because you’re having an affair!” Tony shouts. “Because you’re fucking someone else, Steve, and you’re hanging onto this family by a thread, that’s what you’re doing here. Why the fuck would I tell you all of these things? Why would I stand in front of you and point out all of my flaws? Do you really think I need more reasons to feel shit about myself by having you
Maushmi shakes her head, desperately, her braids swinging around her head. “What if I have another nightmare?”
Steve frowns, suddenly, his brow dipping. “Hey, what’s wrong?” he says, softly, smoothing a thumb over his cheek. “Are you not feeling well, Tony?” He presses the back of his palm against his forehead, as if checking his temperature. “Are you sick? I can…
Tony’s surprised – Steve doesn’t often drop the kids off at school, only when there’s a meeting at Stark Industries that absolutely requires Tony’s presence and attention.
it,” Tony snaps, like a bowstring curling in on itself. “At least do me the decency of telling me the truth,
Steve straightened, as though he was about to go charging into war. “We want to adopt Peter, formally, legally. We want him to be our son; we want both of you to be ours, not just you, Toni. We would never dream of doing something like marrying you without wanting your son to be a part of our family too. He’s not, and I really should stop calling him
Steve is below him, his eyes wide, a torch in his hand, which he drops and lunges forward, bracing and getting ready to catch him, for some stupid fucking reason. Tony and Steve collide with a dull, painful thump, and his weight knocks Steve to the floor, sending a cloud of dust rising up into the air.
Tony laughs. “I am absolutely not offended. So, tell me, why do I look like I’d be something bought and paid for?”
Wanda doesn’t look so certain, but in her defence, she doesn’t know anything about HYDRA or the poisoning of the water supply in Massachusetts.
“-because your precious Steve Rogers would never dream of falling in love with resident hedonist Tony Stark?” Tony taunts, with plenty of bite.
“I do, I do.” Tony presses his forehead against Steve’s. “We’ll fix this, Steve. Someone will come through, and if we don’t, if we can’t,” he feels Steve shudder against him, “well, I’ll love you, I’ll always love you, and nothing will change.”
“None of them wanted to keep the evidence at home, so, they locked it up at the preschool, you know, the one where no one goes anymore; it used to be the Richards farm, before they moved away?”
Even Steve, who Tony knows grew up there, doesn’t talk like there, not anymore, almost like he’s afraid that he will be judged for coming from there, coming from nothing, the same way that when Tony was younger he’d tried very hard to make up for the glaring shortcoming that is his dark skin, the undeniable signal that he’s not completely white.
Steve groans. “You are evil,” he says, breathlessly, and then, twists them with a deft move that never fails to surprise Toni, as she hits the bed on her back with a shriek.
Steve reaches out, his long, pale fingers sliding into Tony’s hair, and Tony finds his eyelashes fluttering, a sigh building on his lips, his head tipping back.
. In there, there was a list of names, targets of the Winter Soldier, and your parents were on that list.”
Tony’s eyes roll skyward to catch Steve’s, the pupils blooming black, and Steve grunts, thrusting deeper into Tony’s mouth. Steve’s cock spills thick and hot in the next moment into Tony’s mouth, and he swallows him down, his throat flexing.
Tony nods, desperate and half-wild. A long, punched-out groan escapes him, when Steve slides the vibrator inside him, switching on the vibrations that make him arch his back and clutch at the sheets.
Steve doesn’t go too far, rests his forehead against Tony’s, smooths a hand over Tony’s short, rough beard (he’d only ever been bare-faced when Steve had known him before, that boyish, twinkly look that he’d always had to Steve’s much more masculine, strapping look, a comparison that Tony had always resented but hadn’t been brave enough to actually vocalize with his lover).
. I can’t do it, Tony, I can’t. That monster hurt you; he hurt you right under our noses. Your father brought him to our house, and I welcomed him, and we were all party to it, we should have seen what was happening, and we couldn’t spare you what he did to you, Tony, we couldn’t, but we could sure as hell make sure he
James looks down at his lap. “After I left, I had to get HYDRA off my tail. The guys that followed our antics to Massachusetts followed me; they wanted to get their hands on their asset. I led them away from you, but that doesn’t mean they weren’t interested in getting me back.”
“Like he’s not worth respect. He’s not a goddamn gerbil. He’s a human being, and he’s worthy of your respect irrespective of his physical capabilities.”
Steve’s eyes light up. “Oh, that new Netflix show with the ballet dancers. Let’s go watch,” he says, excitedly.
Then, his hand abruptly leaves Steve’s cock, so that he can swallow him down to the base, his tongue swiping over the vein taut against the underside of his cock. He traces the vein again, before licking a long, lazy stripe up, and Steve rocks his hips, sending his cock deeper into his throat. Tony’s throat convulses around his cock, opening around the head, and the sound that Steve makes, the hurt little noise that escapes him, makes Tony hard and itch to palm at his own cock.
“Fuck,” Steve mutters, and with a firm hand on Tony’s thigh splaying him wide, he adjusts the direction of the vibrator, and the next thrust catches directly on Tony’s prostate, and
“Get on the bed,” Steve says, his voice soft, dark, like honey, and Tony’s cock firms up all the way, curving towards his belly.
Steve’s throat flexes. “You mean after you told me that Natasha was going to die, and then, she did die, and now, you’re holding a hat that I’ve only seen in one place, and it’s on the head of the guy that’s been in my fucking nightmares the last couple of days? Yeah, I believe you.”
“It’s not fair,” Pepper says, finally saying what Steve has had on a loop in his brain since he first watched Tony collapse after snapping his fingers. “It shouldn’t have been him.”
Tony slips out of the bed; he’s not shy, he doesn’t have any reason to be shy; even if Steve doesn’t find him attractive, only sees him useful as a hole to stick his cock in, he’s always been handsome, he knows that. People have wanted him since he was a child, and that want had never really faded, he knows that as well.
“There’s a woman that he works with,” Tony says, absently, breathlessly, because it hurts, it fucking hurts, and no matter how much he’d tried to rationalise it and get over it and explain it as his own failings, it still fucking hurts because he loves Steve and he’s realised that Steve doesn’t love him anymore, Steve thinks that it’s easy to cheat on him, that he’s worth that sort of betrayal.
made me feel like that. And my father, my… decent, loving father, never forgave me for ruining you, for violating you, for desecrating you. He blamed me, was convinced that I’d done something to run you off. He never let me live it down. He brought it up constantly to upset me. And then, he and my mother died, and I was left with nothing. He left me with nothing, so I had to make my own way. Funny that you now say that my father threatened to disown me and leave me with nothing because that’s exactly what he ended up doing to me. But I survived, Steve. I fucking survived. I survived you and I survived him and I made a life for myself before you showed up and fucking Nazis showed up, looking for that gem. I
Steve’s face crumples so quickly and so painfully. “I know, sweetheart, I know,” he says, roughly. “But it’s okay, you’re safe now. Your Appa and I are never going to let anything happen to you.”
“I don’t why this is hurting me so much,” Steve whispers. “I don’t think know why this is so hard. Why is this so hard?”
“I mean, if I suck you off in the first instance, how long would it take before you got hard again so that you could fuck me?” Tony asks, patiently.
Steve startles, as if he hadn’t been expecting it, expecting for someone to come down on his side in a favourable light.
The air turns thick and damp, and then, and Tony, sitting in a little fishing boat with Steve, rowing out into the dark sea, feels the rain run onto his face when he tips his head back.
“Should I… I mean, is therapy something I should be considering?” he asks, shame stinging across the nape of his neck.
“I’m not playing at anything,” Tony snaps. “I apologise if I have made you think that such attentions are something that I might be interested in, but that is not what I intended and that is not how I feel. I will be faithful to your brother, and your behaviour is inappropriate. It must stop.”
“I know, I know,” Steve says, almost annoyed at himself. “I just… I had ideas about how this would all go, and it… it’s not going to be like this anymore.”
Tony almost climbs out of the jeep to throttle him, if not for the calming hand on his forearm from Abraham.
Suddenly, the floor underneath him disappears, and he’s pulled down sharply, the dim light of the surface, the rest of the shower receding with each yank on his ankle. He flails, breaking towards the surface, as though he was in a tub of water and drowning. With pure panic, he manages to breach the surface.
“I must say, that was irresponsible of you, sir,” Jarvis says in that soft, disappointed voice that never fails to make him feel like a piece of shit, unlike his parents, even if he knows that he’s in the right this time around.
Steve kisses him like he’s starving, dragging the air out of his chest. He lifts him up, the muscles in his arms flexing, so that Tony can hook his legs around his waist.
Steve huffs out a laugh and ducks his head. “You know, you’re good. You’re very charmin’; you’re clearly very observant. You know people, you think you know what makes them tick, and you use that against them. You thought that you could make me feel insecure, that Toni doesn’t really love me, and I’d walk away. That I’d let you go, and we’d commiserate about
“How are you, how are you feeling?” Steve asks, braving a step forward beyond the threshold of the room.
“Fine.” Tony climbs off the bed, uncaring of his nakedness for the first time in his life, uncaring of what his alpha might think of him. “You want to know what happened.”
. He opens the door, and a set of stairs plunge down into darkness. Tony fumbles for a light switch, flips it on.
“He killed my friend,” Steve repeats, his voice sharpening at the edges. “Phil. He killed my friend, Phil; did you know that? Do you have any idea how many people he’s killed over the short course of his career?”
“Of course I’m making this a race thing,” Tony says, his voice ugly and loud. “Everything that happens between us has a
; he wants to rage at Steve’s audacity to feel fucking suspicious; if Tony had gotten suspicious each and every time that Steve disappeared and didn’t come home until the house was dead, or when he went on some bullshit conference, well, Steve might never have survived the confrontation.
“I’m an actual genius, you know that, right? Not just someone who decided it for myself either, but I’m actually
“Wow, Tony, tell me what you really think of me,” Steve says, his brisk and snapping like a bowstring curling on itself.
“-and then, one month later, after we foiled HYDRA’s grand plan to poison Boston’s water supply, you fucked me and then, left the next morning, because you were done with me and I’d outlived my usefulness,” Tony says, coldly.
His voice is wet, and when Tony looks at him, hears that lump in his throat, there are tears in Steve’s eyes, clinging to his pale eyelashes.
“We’re in a rut,” he says, strongly. “We’re… we’re struggling right now, and this is… this is just how Steve is dealing with it. It’s hard, okay. It’s hard. We have two kids, and we’re not… we’re still young, and we’re still newlyweds, but now we have two kids, who need us for everything, and I love them, I love Peter and Maushmi like I love nothing else in this world, and I would burn cities to the ground to keep them safe and happy, but they are
“I wonder if there’s a tape player somewhere. We should play a little before we burn–” Steve looks at him even though Tony’s not looking anywhere near him, is focused solely on the glossy pictures in his hands, “Tony?”
Steve looks down at himself, and the red really does go everywhere. “I mean, I think you wouldn’t have asked me to help you through your heat if you didn’t find me attractive,” he says, shyly.
“I could’ve done it, Steve. I know it makes me sound like a fucking freak who has absolutely no self-esteem whatsoever, but I could’ve done it. I could’ve looked the other way. I could’ve continued to sit at home and take care of the kids and cook you dinner and be your convenient whore whenever you want me to be and force alone time with you on my fucking birthday like I’m your Victorian cousin that you hate and can’t bear to touch, while you fuck Natasha Romanoff whenever you please. I could’ve turned a blind eye as much as you wanted me to, and I could’ve fluttered at the edge of you to make sure that you’re satisfied, that you don’t suddenly blow up because of something that I did and leave me and leave us, even when you fucking paraded her right in front of my eyes, even when you probably laugh about poor, pathetic me and the shit I did to keep you interested with
He mouths at Tony’s throat, where his pulse is throbbing fast and wild, and then, he moves down his body, running his tongue over each brown, shiny scar on his sternum, from where the arc reactor used to be, even if he knows that the skin there is all dead anyway without feeling. He bites down on the bone of Tony’s hip, drawing a curse out of Tony, as he jerks upwards.
He tells her about James. He doesn’t leave anything out. He tells him about what happened all those years ago at MIT, how he fell in love with James, what they did together, what Tony helped him with, the night they slept together and the morning where Tony woke up alone. He tells her about James showing up at his house one morning; he tells her about going to James’ apartment, the conversation they had, how James had explained everything, asked for his help, confessed his continued feelings for Tony, how he couldn’t deny that he still loved James too. He tells her about everything that happened after: the encounters with Steve, the accusations of cheating, that one lust and anger-fuelled night they’d had and everything that happened after, the kids and Wanda and the warehouse with those HYDRA bastards that Tony killed.
“Come on,” he urges, stretching his hand out and helping Tony over the remains of the wall into the catacombs, a winding string of connected chambers.
“We thought,” Maushmi closes her eyes, “we thought that maybe someone at school was hurting you, that you were being bullied. You told us that it wasn’t, but you wouldn’t say anything else. You just… shut up, you wouldn’t say a thing. We were so worried, because you kept getting hurt, and I… I didn’t know what to do. I, I spoke to Sarah and Virgil. Sarah was a nurse, and Virgil was a therapist, and I thought maybe, maybe they had some sort of insight. Sarah said,” Maushmi gnaws on her lower lip, “she said that those wounds couldn’t have been caused by a child, that they were too deep, too long. Virgil said that you were scared, scared of who it was. So, I went on a hunting expedition, trying to find out who it was. It wasn’t a one-off. It was… someone who had access to you, someone whom you could see constantly. So, I watched you, I watched you with everyone. I thought it could be everyone. I thought it was Jarvis first, because he was the one you loved the most, but you never shied away, you never stopped liking him; in fact, you ran to him for comfort, you trusted him to protect you. Sarah said that he could be grooming you, but I didn’t see it, I couldn’t see it. Then, I moved onto Ana. It wasn’t her. And then, I thought it was your father.”
“Asleep,” Tony says, belligerently. “Because it’s a Thursday night and it’s two in the morning. They have school tomorrow.”
James shrugs. “The only place that I could find when I landed in New York; they didn’t ask for ID; they took cash; they don’t ask too many questions. It seemed like a good deal.”
But he’s never seen Steve scared, never seen him anything less than the stalwart, strong presence he seems to exude to everyone; he’d been like this when Tony has first met him in the bar, and he was even like this when the twins were born, because Tony had been the stressed, anxious, fluttering one; so, to see him like this, to see him
“Good,” Tony says, satisfied. “So, with my camera, I have this extra-special monsters-sighting setting on my camera. So, all we have to do is look at the room through the filter and we’ll see if there are any monsters here, and your Daddy and I are here. We should be more than enough for any monsters, right, Daddy?”
Steve’s cock had flagged inside him, and Tony knows the feeling, the feeling when the spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak. He can see the tautness in Steve’s expression, the knowledge of the reason why he’s going slightly soft inside him, and he has no interest to setting them back half an hour.
“It was about missions,” Steve says, almost dazed. He shakes his head. “You made connections where a lot of people would make connections,” Steve tells him, solemnly. “You didn’t make as many mistakes that you think, Tony.”
“And I would rather have him out of the keep within the next moon, but it is difficult to get what we want,” Obadiah says, with a shark’s smile.
Steve’s big hand circles his knee. “I am, aren’t I?” he asks, roughly. “God, I’m almost tempted to make you put that lacey, silky thing back on so I can strip it off you all over again.”
,” Tony grits out. “We’d just stopped HYDRA from poisoning Boston’s water supply. I’d hacked the security systems in the plant to shut down, so that you could sneak in and I blacked out the lighting in each room, so they’d never see them coming. I shut down all of the processing systems for enough time for you to get rid of them, and then, everything was good. You stopped the bad guys, and the citizens of Massachusetts only had momentary water problems, and it was a job well done for both of us. I got to feel like I wasn’t just the rich genius with first-world problems except for when the people around me, the pampered, gelatinous blue bloods that were the two percent of the world’s population and those who aspired to be like them, with all of their ideals and values and opinions, questioned whether I was the fucking cleaning lady’s son, because in what universe did Howard Stark have a fucking brown bastard as a kid. And you, you got to be the big man getting rid of the fucking Nazis that tortured you and brainwashed you and destroyed your life and made you into their knife in the dark. We both got something out of it-”
Steve’s face crumples into something melancholic in nature. “I’m so sorry, kid. I just… I had to work.”
Tony follows suit, shucking on his clothes to afford him some bit of protection, if only from his vulnerability, and then, he watches as Steve makes his way to the door.
Tony doesn’t quite understand how the Nazis legitimately thought he could pass off as an Indian fisherman, but right now, he has much better things to worry about.
When Tony opens his eyes next, he feels thoroughly pruned down to his bones, like he’s been wrung through with water and left out to dry.
“I heard that song in my dream,” he mutters, leaning into Steve’s warmth, especially when Steve decides to drape an arm around his shoulders. “You know, the old jump rope song.” He shudders. “Worst nightmare I ever had. You wouldn’t believe it.”
“The touching, the innuendos, the lewd japes, and most of all, what happened this afternoon. Such activities should not happen in a library, and the appropriate thing to do on your part, when you realised that I was standing there, was to fix yourself up and to leave. Instead, you decided to shame me by continuing with your… exploits.”
There’s a lump in Tony’s throat. “How do you know he’s dead?” he asks in a small voice, in a child’s voice.
He lands with a dull, painful thump on the stone floor, and Steve is bearing him down, his hips a heavyweight against his, his hands splayed across the stone to stop their heads from knocking together.
“Oh, well, you know me, if I have some trashy magazines at my disposal, I’m all ears.” Tony pauses. “Why are you here, Cap?”
Tony still lusted after Steve as much as he ever did, and it’s a terrible, destructive wound when Steve rejects him, even if he’d kind and gentle about it.
“Is Aunt Wanda okay?” he asks in a low, hushed voice. “When we last saw her, she was on the ground and she wasn’t moving. Is she dead now?”
His blood runs cold as he looks over each one of them; they’re all of him, at James’ apartment, on the landing, on the stairs, at his car, with James, his hands on Tony’s shoulder; they’re grainy, the photos, like they’re cheap quality, but it’s unmistakably him and some other man, even if James’ features, per se, aren’t as defined as his are.
Tony purses his lips thin. “At least show me the decency of being honest with me,” he says, the air tight in his chest. “You expect me to believe that whole
“Because while I love you, you are also capable of overreaction,” James explains. “I’m just trying to put things into perspective for you.”
He rises to the top with a gasp, his hair soaked, water dripping into his eyes, and he rubs at them.
“That’s good,” Eshe says, approval shining boldly through her words and voice. “That’s an important first step. James can’t be part of your relationship until he is himself first. Plus,” she shoots Steve an uneasy look, “he doesn’t remember you, Steve.”
Both of their gazes travel towards Tony, who’s leaning against the wet bar, completely silent, an odd state of being for him.
“You were a pain in my ass when you were five too, Rogers. Why don’t you just fucking die?” Obadiah rasps, his face twisted up in hate.
“Tony, do you know why I find you attractive?” James asks, reaching out to smooth his thumb over Tony’s sharp, defined cheekbone.
Tony leans over the edge of the bed and kisses Steve on the mouth. “My dad’s here. I have to go home,” he says, reluctantly.
Tony starts shouting and thrashing; the resident gets kicked, dropping the syringe, and when he gets up, he glowers at Maushmi and Jarvis.
“I know what you’re going to say. You’re going to say that I don’t need to prove anything, that there’s nothing wrong with me the way that I am now, that we’re good, we’re in love, we’re still in lust with each other, and everything’s going to be fine. I get it. I understand. I love you, but right now, please take your clothes off.”
alone here without a friend to go and fight another man’s war. Is that the character of a man that loves you?”
Steve presses a smacking kiss against the side of her head, making her squirm. “Yes, you absolutely have to.”
Around the next bend, Tony sees white, blessed sunlight coming through the crack in the corner of the next chamber.
Tony bristles, his hackles rising. “Are we going to fight?” he asks, voice threading low again. “Because I’d rather not do it in front of them. They might wake up, or they might pick up something via fucking osmosis.”
Tony pushes out, desperately, and he’s on the shower floor, water still raining down on him, and Jarvis’ voice is booming over him, echoed and frantic, the loud banging of Jarvis’ fist on the door finally getting Tony to open his eyes.
Something kicks a little in his chest, pushing against his lungs, and he laughs, self-deprecatingly.
“Well, if you believe Captain America, it’s apparently the most powerful explosive known to man.” Tony raises it to meet his eyes. “I’m a little offended.”
Steve snatches up one of the torches, still burning, handing one to Tony, who takes it with pale hands.
Oh, God, is this what he’s been reduced to, feeling sour and angry over the fact that his infant children don’t seem to realise that his marriage is crumbling and in fact, cheerfully advocate for his husband who is the cause of all of his problems?
. He even put himself in lingerie that made his ass and his chest look amazing, and he gave his husband a fucking rent boy fantasy, and it wasn’t enough.
Tony looks at Steve, uncertainly, because Tony doesn’t have a problem with it, and Steve has two options when looking at this: he can either choose to look at James as Bucky Barnes, his first love, his best friend, or he can choose to look at James as the man who may or may not have been fucking his husband.
“You were already giving me so much; I didn’t think I had the right to take anymore from you,” James says, ruefully. “You put a roof over my head and food on my plate, because you didn’t want me sleeping in some filthy alley and scrounging in dumpsters. You were helping me destroy the people who’d hurt me the most, ruined my life, stolen from me everything that I held dear and could never touch again. If I touched you… didn’t that make me as awful as the people I was hunting, touching something that I had no right to touch. My hands were already so filthy.”
“I made you think that too, I made you think that I could leave you, that I could ever tear myself away from you.” Steve drags his hand over his face, and when Tony gets a good look, he can see the tears in his eyes. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry about everything, the lies and the shit that made me look like I was cheating on you, because I couldn’t do that. I love you, I love you as much as I loved you when we first met, before the kids came along, and frankly, I might even love you more, today, after we’ve built a family together, after you helped bring Bucky back to me.”
“Do you,” Steve looks uncertain, “I mean, do we need something? To, uh, protect us against–a rubber or–”
“No, I didn’t,” Natasha agrees. She hesitates for an agonising moment. “I’m sorry,” she says, honestly.
“I didn’t get any of that,” Tony grinds out. “I didn’t have love. I didn’t have warmth. I didn’t have comfort. I just had my father, and he never failed to make me feel like the stupid, pathetic piece of shit that I was forever believing someone like you, so good and brave and strong, was capable of loving someone like me, so full of poison and selfishness and cruelty.”
Tears are a sheen covering Steve’s eyes, as he sidles closer, presses his brow against Tony’s, and then, he brushes his mouth against Tony’s, ever so gently.
Zola peers down inside the hole, over the crown of his rounded spectacles. “I’m afraid we must be going now, Dr. Rogers. Our prize is awaited in Berlin. But I do not wish to leave you down in that awful place...” He gives Rumlow a little signal with his fingers, “... all alone.”
Wanda shrugs. “My point of view is that, in nine times out of ten, things can be fixed by just having an honest conversation. And if yours is the tenth, well, at the very least, you’ve said what you needed to say, you’ve gotten it off your chest, and now, the ball’s in the other person’s court to make a move.”
“You talk about your marriage with her, though,” Tony points out, with a cruel and terrible flash of his pale, sharp teeth.
One night, he begs Sam and Wanda to babysit for him. Wanda takes one look at him and gives him that sly, cocky smile of hers, stretching across her beautiful face, and asks him in a provocative voice, “Big plans, huh?”
“I’d never stop,” Steve’s voice turns rough, “I never want to stop, I never want to move from this couch.”
“You are a beast,” she declares, panting, a fist pressed against her pounding heart. “A kinky little beast, and I love you so fucking much. Next time, you should use the vibrator on me.”
and frankly, it’s not just bullshit; it’s insulting. You’re proving that you had no fucking respect for me, Steve. Not then, and certainly, not now.”
Instead of Steve pulling Tony to his feet, he shoves him back into the chair, pulling the ropes around him again.
His phone buzzes insistently in his pocket. When he looks at the screen through a vision that’s blurred with tears, he sees a message from Steve:
The assailant snatches up the last tube and races for the door, and Tony and Steve rush over to Abraham. Tony kneels by Abraham, putting pressure on the wound on his stomach. Abraham’s hand covers Tony’s hand, and he shakes his head.
“Sir, Master Rogers is downstairs, and he is confused as to why the house is so quiet. He seems quite disturbed by the lack of noise,” JARVIS informs him.
His lungs feel like someone went at them with a meat tenderizer, like someone’s gone in and wrenched them out completely, leaving empty, burning rents in his chest cavity. His stomach curdles in fear and nausea, and he bites back the urge to vomit.
Steve picks up his glass again, drains it dry (funny, he’d never been much of a drinker when Tony had met him; had
His tongue traces the line of his collarbone, before he kisses his way down Tony’s sternum, where his heart is beating a fantastical rhythm. His nose presses into the slight curve to Tony’s belly, and suddenly, Tony is shy, wanting to cover himself.
Steve watches him with that tempered gaze of his, an uncomfortable, thoughtful intensity that makes the feeling lurch within Tony’s body.
“I just…” Tony worries his teeth on his lower lip. “I don’t know if you completely understand how I’ve been feeling these past few months, Steve,” he says, the look in his eyes wild, feral, intense. “I… I have felt like such
“You bought her a necklace,” Tony accuses. “A really fucking expensive necklace, a necklace that you bought me
Toni rubs at her damp eyes. “I think they love you, baby. Actually,” she inhales, audibly, “there’s something else that I wanted to talk to you about.”
The speed with which both men start taking their clothes off surprises and delights Tony in equal measure, and his hand flies to his own clothes, taking them off at a similar speed.
omega without their permission,” he says, softly, “I’m going to cut your throat from ear to ear, and well, then, you won’t be killing any Nazis after that, will you?”
“Did you think that I was pathetic? Is that why you did it?” Tony demands, his voice curdling in the air once it’s spoken. “Did you think that I was so desperate for love, for any show of affection from you or anyone else, that I just wouldn’t care what you were doing on the side? That I would let you screw around on me because I couldn’t bear the idea of you leaving me? That I would take everything you gave me, because I am so fucking
program. That’s why her call signal is the Black Widow. She’s one in a long line of Russian assassins designed to topple various democratic nations in Russia’s bid to run the world.”
Tony lets out the sob that builds in his throat before he can stop himself, and he hates himself for it, hates himself for being so weak, and maybe, as much as he also hates to admit this to himself, he wasn’t ready for this, wasn’t ready to be like this with them, and
Steve, when he catches Tony looking, blushes. “I, uh, my ma always said that I shouldn’t dirty up someone else’s space,” he explains, rubbing the back of his neck.”
Tony sighs. “What we wanted to talk about is what… well, some changes, basically. Well, they’re not really changes, actually, because they’ve actually been like this for a while-”
There’s a pause, and then, over the speaker, Tony can hear Steve ask, “Is it too late to go to the bathroom?”
“So, what, you’re just designating me as the candygram while you two go and do the real crimefighting?” Tony snorts. “Fuck that. They’re
Tony laughs, harsh and grating, holding up his slashed arm. “You call this feeling better? Or maybe, I should grab a bottle like Dad and get started on the family business a lot earlier than expected? Or I could take those pills that you think no one knows about, avoid everything happening to me by just getting good and loaded–”
“I don’t know, I just… I think someone broke into your house; she called me, and she was screaming, and the kids aren’t here, and when I got here, Wanda was on the floor, and she’s bleeding-”
“We should go. The plane is going to explode in a couple of minutes, and we can’t be here when it does,” Tony tells him, and from somewhere, he gathers the strength to turn onto his side and push himself off the ground, holding a hand for Steve to take.
“Sir,” Tony whines low in his throat, bearing down against Steve’s fingers, “sir, I like your fingers inside me.”
Hodge yells and scrambles back, the chair tipping backwards and crashing to the ground, along with him.
Steve clucks his tongue. “I know, baby, I’m so sorry. I was just… I was working really late, and I just got home now. I did come home last night, but you two were just asleep.”
“Yeah, but you’d be meeting them this time, properly,” Tony explains, waving his hands in the air to illustrate his point.
“Krishna approached Satrajit and told him that he should share the gem with the other people of Dwārakā and give it to King Ugrasena, who was Krishna’s grandfather. Satrajit declined, saying that the jewel belonged to him. A few days later, Satrajit's brother Prasena wore the jewel as a necklace and went out on a hunt. He climbed a tree waiting for some game, a lion came by, and just as Prasena was about to shoot it, a snake, which dropped from the branch above, surprised him. Now, Prasena was startled and he fell from the tree. As he was falling, the necklace with the Syamantaka Gem got caught in a branch, and Prasena hung by the neck. He was killed instantly.”
He can feel the press of Grant’s erection against his hip, and he closes his eyes, willing the moment to end as soon as possible.
The man snarls, and the poker comes down, and Tony cringes, waiting for the blistering heat to cut across his face, lob off an appendage or two.
His eyes flit to the side, and it takes him a moment, but a moment that everyone registers and deems to be deficient, but he eventually bows, as is the custom, his hand lifting Tony’s hand to his mouth to press a dry kiss to his knuckles.
“And I’ve spoken to your parents. No school tomorrow. We all think it’s best if you take a little break, relax and rest for a change.”
Steve looks at him, like a deer caught in headlights. “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he says, sniffing haughtily.
He’s the third in Peter and Maushmi’s teacher’s line-up for the night, and the two that go before him are couples, hand in hand, that make him cringe a little on the inside.
“Well, it looks like Steve had one of his early days, and so, he decided to go and pick up the kids instead. He got home and I wasn’t there, because I was still on my way home, so when he asked me where I was, I told him I was at a friend’s place. Mouse asked me if it was the same guy who’d shown up that day, and I said yes, so, you know, thank you for that.”
Tony shudders and nods against James’ breastbone, and rubs at his eyes, his damp eyes, pretending that it’s not tears, because they taste like tears, like salt and grief.
“Your children have only ever seen the two of you,” Eshe points out. “As far as they’re concerned, their parents are in a monogamous, happy relationship each other. The closest… I suppose, comparison to this sort of arrangement that you’re suggesting with James Barnes, is well, imagine if you’d gotten divorced.”
James’ smile turns just as sharp. “Don’t worry, if you’re getting jealous over who your girlfriend is spending time with, it ain’t my bed she’s been creeping into.”
“Neither Steve or I wanted to hurt you, Sam. We… we never wanted any of this to touch you or touch Wanda, and you don’t… God, it makes me miserable that Wanda is lying here because of us. I love her too.”
He prays that Steve can hear him, but all he can hear is the disembodied sound of Steve sleeping, snoring quietly into the pillow.
“Tony,” Sam sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Tony, I’m sitting here at my wife’s bedside in the fucking hospital, because some guys broke into our house, trashed it, beat up my wife and stole the kids that she was baby-sitting, because their parents are involved in something dangerous. I don’t have time or the energy to make you feel better.”
The Nazi sentry is firing like crazy, and then, the mine car finally hits the ground, after such a harrowing descent, crashing into the Nazi, his machine gun, and a dozen, bursting seed bags, which are all slammed into the ocean in a wild, hurtling mass.
Steve’s face crumples. “You’re right. It is my fault, and I wish I hadn’t come back into your life either,” he says, his voice thick, “and I know I’m banking on a lot here. They haven’t hurt you in the last twenty-four hours; they aren’t going to start now. I’ll be back to get you in no time.”
Of course, they still have to sign a marriage certificate, and all of those documents need to be filed with some legal authority, but for all intents and purposes, they’re married.
“They’ll be fine. You’ve reassured them. You’ve comforted them. That’s all you can do. I’ll take good care of them.”
He reached over Toni and Steve’s bodies, and the latter made a loud protest at being jostled the way that he is, and Bucky opened up the drawer in their bedside table, pulling out a velvet-lined ring box that Toni gaped at.
Rumlow backhands him so hard that he tastes blood and his head rings. Tony blinks, and in the distance, he hears a shout coming from Steve.
Steve’s brow furrows, as his eyes drag from the bracelet in his hand to Tony’s face. “It was in the downstairs bathroom,” he explains. “On my way down, I saw that the light was on. I went to switch it off, and I found this on the counter beside the sink.”
“Ah, yes,” Eshe drains half the glass of water that’s sitting on the small table beside her chair, “what I was trying to say is that children don’t take well to their parents’ relationship dynamic changing, especially if it was happy and stable in the first place. Now, the two of you had your issues, your children sensed that and it affected them accordingly to the point where they made those drawings, and now, from what you’re saying, your children are doubly protective over what you two have and are trying to keep the two of you together and happy. That’s normal in situations like this, but with what the two of you are proposing, there is going to be issues. The kids might not take it well, especially early on, the introduction of this stranger into their lives. Do they know about James at all?”
“Uh, Steve,” Tony says, his voice sliding high and unsure, looking at the wall in question, which looks just like the others.
Unfortunately, Steve’s not like that too. He takes a short, choppy breath, and then, his expression settles.
Tony considers him for a moment. “I shouldn’t have… attacked Barnes in Siberia,” he says, and honestly, it’s annoying having to loosen his pride for this.
“Anytime, and you never have to thank me,” Tony replies, feeling a little giddy himself at the thought of putting this look on Steve’s face.
“Don’t start,” Steve replies, his voice stern edged. “I don’t want to hear it. We need to get back to the battle.”
He has him in the library, in the stables, and often, in his own chambers, so that there is no part of this castle that Tony considers to be a safe place.
Tony runs his tongue over his lower lip. “Okay, okay, uh, and they’re-they’re having fun, they have friends, they’re happy here?”
“Oh, well, you know me, if I have some trashy magazines at my disposal, I’m all ears.” Tony pauses. “Why are you here, Cap?”
Wanda’s mouth twists, not a smile but close. “It was touch and go for a while,” she tells him in her soft, scarred voice.
By the time he gets to the chorus again, the kids are sleeping, their eyes closed, huffing soft breaths, and Tony quickly shuffles down the length of the bed so that he can lay his head on the mattress.
Whatever it takes, Tony told him on that last day, and Steve can still remember the hot, insistent press of his mouth against his.
“Fuck off,” Tony barks. “Wanda’s my friend, and I know her, I know she would have put herself between whoever came after the kids and the kids. She’s hurt
Tony blinks, slowly. “Well, you know, despite my vigorous justifications of what James has done to HYDRA people and my genuine belief that he did the right thing because the fucking courts were never going to prosecute them to the fullest extent of the law, I am very much aware of what he does for a living, and what he is capable of. So, when he showed up at my door, around my kids, I was worried, because I didn’t know what he was like, after all those years, whether he’d changed, whether he was in a different place. And the kids… with James, comes danger, I know that. I was prepared for it, because it was just me, and I was okay with it, but the kids…” his voice turns to stone, “I love those kids more than I love anything else in the world, and I could… I would rather die than put them in any danger, so, yes, I didn’t want James anywhere near the house or near those kids, at least not until I knew exactly why he came back and what he wanted.”
“Make sure you keep breathing,” Tony warns him. “I don’t want you to keel over in the middle of the this.”
“No,” Tony says, his voice still maintaining its iciness. “Once I reversed the connection on the devices, I handed them back to James, and he took them home with him. I didn’t have anything to do with it after that one time in the park.”
In another universe, they had a different beginning; in another universe, Bucky Barnes never went missing in Afghanistan, and he and Steve were out for a night in Cambridge and they saw a frat boy who wouldn’t leave some young man at the bar, and they made the frat boy leave him alone, and when he wouldn’t, when he said some unfortunate things and got his friends to back him up, it devolved into a complete, no holds barred fight that the young man joined in as well, and it ended with them spending the night in a jail cell, until the young man posted his and their bails, and he invited them to his place for a threesome.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” he keens, making a little gasping noise, still shuddering from head to toe, his pulse pounding in his ears.
She tosses her hair away from her face, her hair sunlit red, and then, Tony’s eyes are drawn to the pale, lean line of her throat, a familiar gold necklace wrapped around her neck. It’s the same dark tone that Indian gold has and looks so similar to the one that Steve had given him for his birthday, and the air is rushing out of his lungs.
“Why?” Steve begs. “Why don’t you believe me? Tony, for fuck’s sake, you asked me to believe you when it comes to you and Bucky; why don’t you believe me on this?”
Tony’s knee-deep in laundry and it’s the middle of the day, when JARVIS alerts him to a presence just beyond the front door.
“You, uh, I don’t know if you remember, but when you were in hospital, after we came back from Titan,” Steve rubs his hand over his hair, which is longer, darker at the roots than Tony remembers it being, at least before their two-year separation had occurred, “but you said that I should ask you out?”
Dr. Banner looks at the nurse, who hovers around the doorway like she’s too afraid to come in. “Get the kit!” he shouts.
He grits his teeth, and then, before he knows what he’s doing, he slamming the flat of his palm into James’ shoulder, making him lean back.
“Are you in love with him?” Tony asks, curiously, his hands dropping to his sides, unguarded but still somehow protective, paranoid.
me for being able to get the kids up and to school, how apparently I don’t have to work, so it must be so much easier, how it must be so hard for me because I’m a man. You know, the usual shit that these rich housewives have to keep biting at each other to make themselves feel better about their shitty lives,” Toni says, waving his hand dismissively.
the one who decided to go somewhere else when you weren’t getting what you wanted from me. Is it because I’m not experienced enough for you?” he demands.
“I don’t know why I can’t believe you, Tony. Maybe it’s because of all the times that you’ve lied to my face,” Steve says, furiously.
“No, baby, actually, she’s kind of right. You were talking too much,” Steve replies, clearly taking advantage of the situation to pay him back for his earlier Fudge Pops comment.
Tony’s belly clenches with heat, and he feels himself getting hard in his jeans. He swallows past his dry throat.
He hears a scream from within the school building, and the fear is cold in his throat, like swallowing a whole cube of ice, when he realises that it’s Steve who’s screaming.
“And above that, because he knew you were a genius and age becomes more complicated when you’re a fucking genius, he thought you’d agree to people that were bad for you, because that’s all you knew, that’s what you thought love was, and he was afraid that I was going to take advantage of that, advantage of
“Why, Tony? I don’t understand. I don’t know why. If there was nothing going on between the two of you-”
Maushmi pats him on the cheek. “He just wanted to try a different bed, but I reminded him how good this bed was. He won’t leave you again,” she says, confidently.
“Now,” he claps his hands together, smiling wide for the kids’ sake, at least, “shall we get back to that broccoli?”
“Suck him off first, baby,” Steve tells him, his voice rumbling out, and Tony shudders at the tone his voice adopts, it hitting all the right spots, his cock and his fingers and toes. “And once you’ve made him come, I’ll start getting him ready to take my cock.”
“I liked coke,” Tony reminisces. “And people sold it to me. Frankly, I was just living up to the idea that the world had about me in the first place; no one
of us. Sam… Sam is angry, and the longer that we leave this alone, the worse it will be when we actually get around to it.”
“Don’t talk about him like that,” Tony says, with a dangerous edge to his voice. He looks away. “I was above the age of consent.”
Each of them taking an end with the poles, they left the chest from the altar and lower it to the floor. Between the two of them, they manage to drag it in the direction of the second train tunnel.
“It’s strange,” Natasha says, almost to herself. “I just wanted to be friends with you, and it looks like that’s never going to happen now.”
“I know,” Sam tells him, generously, and reaches out for him, squeezing his shoulder. “Thank you for telling me everything. I really do appreciate it.”
Tony leans forward, slanting his mouth over Steve’s. It’s different to the way that he kissed him before the battle begun – his lips are thinner, his skin softer, and Tony can feel his jawbone and cheekbone against his beard.
Steve hurries himself when he sees what Tony is doing, undressing, his clothes falling by his feet, and then, he even bends over, picking them up, folding them neatly and placing them on a nearby chair.
“You really think that’s how it worked, huh?” James gapes at him in disbelief. “You really think that it’s so fucking easy, so fucking
Because even after Tony was done with Steve, even after Tony had ridden Steve like a fucking stallion, moaned like he was a whore and did things with his mouth and hands and cock that reminded Steve that his people wrote the Kama Sutra, which always left a bad taste in his mouth, Steve had still left his bed for Natasha Romanoff’s.
,” Tony goes onto say. “The things that I love about you: your strength, your goodness, your kindness, your determination, your stubbornness, your honesty, your protectiveness, your un-ending ability to piss me off, the fact that you continuously call me out on my shit, and when we fight, when we fight together, it’s like music, beautiful music. All of those things, they are all still
They hear the explosion more than they see it, taking refuge in one of the tents near the dig site, hidden from view. After the explosion occurs, Tony peers out of the curtains, as the entire dig site explodes into a frenzy. He sees Bhim coming towards them, presumably searching the crowd for his people, avoid a group of Germans at the same time.
The redhead nears them, the man on her arm somewhat bemused but clearly dumb enough that he takes it all in stride.
“Fuck, you look so pretty, baby,” Steve tells him. “You look like you’ve been fucked good and hard and put away wet. The only thing you’re missing is a creampie.”
“I spend two hours in the gym every day, and that’s only because that’s the most that I can do, with all of my problems. I can’t do extensive cardiac stuff, because I start to get chest pain, but strength training works to a point. I don’t exercise while any of you are around, that’s for sure.”
Tony sighs, abandoning the missile and heading over to Steve. His hand hesitates over Steve’s shoulder.
Steve laughs, harsh and grating, and then, it devolves into a sob as he hangs his head. He rubs at his eyes, almost furiously.
“No,” Steve snaps. “No, you weren’t any of those things. I came home, and you protected yourself, while I was gone. You were protecting yourself, and I, I realised that you didn’t need me, not really, that you’d gone onto live without me, that you weren’t a child, that you were capable of protecting yourself.”
Peggy lets loose a string of swears that surprises even Tony, who desperately hauls on the throttle.
Steve stares down at the hat, horror etched into his expression. “Where, where did you get this?” he demands, his voice going hoarse.
“Tony,” Steve sighs and pushes his hand away. “No, Tony,” he says, firmly, his voice brooking no argument.
He hadn’t slept much last night; he hadn’t slept at all, too scared of a nightmare, unable to get the image of Pepper’s body out of his head, the stench of fresh blood, the cold air coming from the window, the bile that was still in his throat.
While the other recruits run obstacle courses, Steve struggles, winded within moments, always last, but he perseveres, pushes through the last few feet, and while he looks like he’s ready to collapse by the end of it, he still finishes, against all odds.
“Yeah,” Tony says, finally. He lowers his voice to a breathy register, with that hazy look of desire plastered across his face. “Come on, baby,
“He… he’d been used by a terrorist organisation called HYDRA. He was… brainwashed and conditioned and abused into being their assassin, getting rid of everyone that they deemed was a threat to them. After a while, James, he was able to break away from the brainwashing and the conditioning, and he escaped. And then, he started hitting them back, and there was… well, he found out they were planning on poisoning Massachusetts water supply.”
“But what is unjust is also quite often reality,” Tony goes onto say. “And unfortunately, reality is where we exist.” His lip trembles. “I don’t want to live the rest of my life in fear. I don’t want him to take the rest of our lives together, Steve. That is something that I cannot abide. I
“I was only watching you for a week,” James says, as a first. “I saw you with your kids a lot. I saw you alone a lot. I saw you with a redhead-”
It’s painful and somehow cathartic, despite the fifty-thousandth time that he’s told this story to somehow. He starts with the first moment where he started to feel that his marriage was crumbling, that he was starting to feel unloved and unwanted and neglected. He tells her about the kids, the parent-teacher interview, the pictures they’d drawn. He tells her about Natasha Romanoff, the necklace, when she came to the house, the way she’d touched him at the restaurant, the secret phone calls, all the little things that Natasha did to put forks in his marriage, even it’s humiliating having to admit all of this, all of his failures, all of the things done to him, all of the stupid misunderstandings that have happened and that he fell for and didn’t do anything about.
“You need to face facts,” James tells him, leaning forward, his eyes sharpening with awareness. “You’re married to a shit guy that uses you as free childcare and a fucking hooker when it suits him.”
“She told me that she hadn’t rung you, that there was no mathematical error with any of the orders as far as she knew, that you hadn’t logged into any of the computers at Stark Industries. She told me that she had no idea where you were,” Steve finishes, his words like a terrible, death knell for him.
Tony lowers his eyes, takes a deep, steadying breath and shakes his head. “No, no, he… he wants to say something. Let him say it; he… he should say it. I can… I can respond when he’s done,” he says, quietly.
Even today, he burns with shame at the memories, can’t help but want to look away, free himself of the weight of Steve’s stare.
myself for it. I hate that there was even a moment where you and the kids were in danger, but you had a hand to play in that too. It’s… it’s not just me, not just my fault.”
JARVIS pauses. “Of course, sir,” he says, uncertainly, because Tony’s never done this, never asked JARVIS to keep a secret from Steve.
cheating on him,” he growls low in his throat. “Why do people keep telling me that? Why do people think that I’m-”
Their car looks almost sluggish compared to the pursuing Nazi car as they both make their way into an unusually long straightaway. Tony discards his empty submachine gun as Steve kicks at the throttle and casts a worried look back at Zola, who can see victory kindling right in front of him, smiling with a cruel edge and carefully taking aim.
Steve clutches at him, clutches at him so hard that Tony thinks that the next morning, if they live to the next morning, he’ll have bruises on his hips and his back, a mottled canvas of purple and blue, in the shape of Steve’s big hands.
“They’re at school,” Tony says, quickly, not wanting to encourage any sort of conversation about his children.
Now, they’re just as likely to ask James to tell them a story before they go to sleep as they are Steve or Tony.
“No, no, you haven’t.” Lord Steven comes towards him, stopping just short of the edge of the mattress. “I… you are young.”
He blearily opens his eyes, only to find Steve looming over him, his face drawn and thin and frayed, his eyes bloodshot like he’d been crying, and his mouth turned down at the corners.
Steve opens his mouth, and Tony sees his muscles bunch up tight under his clothes, his skin, and he inserts himself into the situation just before he sees it go south.
The priest turns to Tony, who suddenly feels like shifting on his feet in discomfort, like he’s under a microscope.
, that Tony didn’t do anything to push him away, that he just fell out of love with him and fell in love with her, that he still loves Tony, that despite the fact that he doesn’t want to be married to Tony any longer, he’ll always be there for Tony and the kids.
He was just scared, he swears; he was scared no one would believe him, and now he knows, no one will.
Steve eyes him carefully, his face giving nothing away. “I’m surprised you weren’t at home when I brought them back,” he retorts.
“But still–” Natasha cuts herself short. “My apologies, this is not about me. You have gone through something terrifying and horrific, and I should not be focusing on what I could have or could not have done. I… I want you to know that you are safe now, my lord–”
The top hits the wall three feet from a cringing Tony and smashes through to a black chamber beyond, Steve flying off into the darkness.
“It was so scary,” Maushmi says, hysterically, abandoning all of her dignity and false bravado. “There were these guys, and they were screaming, and they hurt Wanda, Appa. They hurt her, and they took us, and we bit them, and we were kicking, and they were really, really
“How could I ever love anyone more than I love you?” Toni says, softly, brushing his hair out of his eyes, smoothing her thumb over his cheekbone.
,” Steve says, fiercely, the lines of exhaustion around his eyes growing deeper. “I swear. This doesn’t change anything. I love your Appa.” He reaches out, and Tony reaches forward, and their hands tangle together. “I love him as much as I’ve ever loved him. I just love Bucky too, and your Appa loves Bucky too. We’re just… opening this up to him, so he can be part of our family; we love you; all three of us love you and your brother, Maushmi. We just… we have some more love for Bucky, and we want him to stay with us, to be with us. But no one is going anywhere, I promise. We’re all staying right here. And if you say you don’t want this or you don’t like this, Bucky isn’t going anywhere. He’ll still be around.”
go for each other’s throats, and it’s easy as breathing, and they both know that it’s unhealthy, but more often than not, when they get like this, when they get really fucking into it, they end up in bed together, and it’s angry sex with biting and clawing and there are bruises on both of them the next day, but it’s a system that works.
Tony feels that little hopeful knot forming in his throat, and he’s running, Peggy hot on his heels. The soldiers at the entrance part for them, revealing Steve and another man, holding a rifle close to his chest, walking up the road, leading a squad of the 107
Tony had let himself go, let himself slip into the house husband routine of Jane Fonda video workouts and running after five-year olds as his main exercise regime. His face was thinner with age, cheekbones showing, and he had new bruises under his eyes from the workshop and raising children who are too energetic for their own good, and there are wrinkles around his eyes. His belly is still flat without the definition that it used to have.
They stop in the living room, and Natasha turns to her, heavy like her body is heavy, full of burdens.
It moves easily, but that’s more because it has now come completely off the motor. Tony holds onto the edges of the cart.
“The second that the ambulance comes over here, the police will too. We’ll never find the kids if we do.”
Grant smiles, a mysterious smile that makes Tony’s heart pound in his chest (they are so very similar, his alpha and his brother). Tony opens his mouth to say something, but a quick look over his goodbrother’s shoulder silences him.
“I have some Horlicks for you,” Jarvis offers. “Why don't you jump into bed? I’ll turn on your electric blanket as well.”
, not because of your looks. I’m not going to deny that the abs are a perk, because they were, but you have perks now in the looks department too.”
“That’s it,” Steve says, softly, watching him, his gaze even, studious. “That’s it, you beautiful boy, sweet thing.”
When he comes, he comes to the sensation of Steve’s hand cracking down on his ass. He bites down on the muscle of Steve’s shoulder, and his eyes are burning like they’re full of acid. Steve’s hands tighten on his hips to the point of pain, and then, his hips stutter and snap forward, and he’s coming in a warm wash of heat inside Tony that makes him shake and let out a grunt that is soft and long and a release of so much more than just physical pleasure.
fault, that I’d done something to drive you away, that I was an awful person, that I was ugly and you didn’t want me anymore. I am a glutton for self-loathing, Steve, but even I don’t want to invite that sort of poison into my life. So, yeah, I wanted you to tell me that you cheated on me because just fell out of love with me and fell in love with her, that you still loved me, that despite the fact that you didn’t want to be married to me any longer, you’d always be there for me and the kids.”
James shrugs. “It might be because it’s where the Mayflower landed, the Salem witch trials were held, the Kennedy family was from there, you have Harvard and MIT, two of the most highly regarded academic institutions in the world, the ninth most important city in the country.”
“One last thing,” Toni murmurs, and she takes a seat where Rhodey had just said, so that she can rest the pad of her foot on Steve and Bucky’s upturned thighs, so that they can slip the silver toe rings onto her second toe on either foot.
Steve laughs. “Couldn’t have done this before the serum,” he says, a little sheepishly, as he walks them out of the lift, without any struggle at all, as though Tony’s weight is inconsequential.
Jarvis cracks a smile in the darkness. “It’s just for a few nights. I’m sure I’ll survive.” He purses his lips. “If you need anything, you’ll call, of course?”
The anxiety clamps around his body like a vice, his eyes fluttering shut, and then, he shakes his head, wills the nerves to ebb, and makes his way to the staircase, praying that the stairs won’t crumble under his feet.
Tony nods. He looks away, finding a place on the wall that seems more interesting to him. “He’s in love with him, you know?” he says, woodenly.
Tears sting at the backs of his eyes, much to Tony’s shame. “But why?” he demands, hoping he doesn’t sound petulant.
Something crumples in his chest when he sees her smiling at him. “Hey, doll,” he replies, his voice soft, when he comes over to her, kissing her on the corner of her mouth. “What are you doin’?”
Hearing his voice, Peter and Maushmi abandon the safety they feel in Steve’s embrace, and stretch out their pudgy little arms for Tony, who carefully lifts them onto his hip. He makes his way out of the warehouse, kicking the door open, towards the car, and Steve’s already there, opening the back door, so that Tony can place the kids inside.
“Holy shit,” he exhales, his foot slipping out from underneath him, and he’s forced to lean against the door frame for purchase.
“Who will campaign door-to-door for America? Carry the flag shore-to-shore for America? From Hoboken to Spokane, The Star-Spangled man with a plan.”
He twirls the knife between his fingers, gracefully, and his eyes catch Steve’s, pupils fat, blown black, and the same heat from the expo rears its ugly head, spreading like fire through his veins.
A lump forms in her throat. “That’s not going to happen here,” she says, fiercely, reaching out to take his hands.
“This is Natasha,” Tony says, simply, coming around the table so that he can sit with them. “She works with your Daddy.”
Steve clears his throat and offers his hand, which Tony promptly shakes. “I am, uh, it’s nice to meet you, Mr. Stark.”
Tony has the sudden urge to lung across the table that sits between them and strangle him to death. “You’re an ass,” he says, flatly.
When both cars are in the same high section, the Nazis blast away at them. The noise is deafening, with barking guns, splintering rock, and twanging ricochets contributing to the din.
Pepper tangles her hand with his. “Next time you have one, just tell yourself that's just all it is, right while you're having it, y’know? That's the trick. Once you do that, you wake right up. At least it works for me.”
, all bets are off, and you’re thrown in the trash. Which leaves a nice, empty space for Natasha Romanoff to slide right into.”
Tony makes his way into the kitchen and over to the stove, and immediately switches off the fire. The oatmeal had risen up and spilled around the sides, and the inside of the pot is all a congealed, gloopy mess that makes Tony cringe, with that burned-sweet smell in the air that makes his eyes water.
, and the fact that I splayed myself out like a whore on our bed, and the fucking role play so you could feel like more of a man, so you could get what you wanted at home instead of getting it from somewhere else, so you’d come
He turns his head, and Steve is on the ground beside him, already sitting up, his knees pointed to the sky, and he’s breathing just as hard as Tony is. There’s a cut by his brow, just underneath his hairline, and Tony reaches out, brushing the tip of his thumb against where the blood is pooling at the edge.
Tony claps him on the shoulder, ignoring the brief hesitation that rises up into his throat. “They’re four, Steve. They don’t have enough sophisticated palates that would allow them to tell the difference between authentic, Italian-made pizza and the stupid, café version.”
“I asked you to do one fucking thing, just one, just stay awake and watch me. Just wake me if it looked like I was having a bad dream. But you, you
Tony wonders if Steve will ever tell SHIELD that he knows the Winter Soldier and that he and his husband are planning on having a threesome with the Winter Soldier – somehow, he thinks that a confession like that gets a bag placed over his husband’s head and his immediate transport to some off-the-books, underground prison where they can beat him black and blue and attack him with a cattle prod all in the name of American patriotism.
“There’s a, uh, there’s a little chest, in my closet, under my blazers, at the back. You can’t miss it, it’s a leather one. My-”
And then, he lunges for Thanos, grapples with the gauntlet for a good sixty seconds, as Thanos’ fist beats down on him from above, until finally the Titan’s strength is too much, and Thanos manages to bat him away like he’s nothing more than an annoying insect.
“I think so,” Steve agrees, without flinching, without taking it badly at all. “I think we definitely need… some intervention here.”
He skirts around Tony, avoiding him like he has the plague, and when he’s out the bedroom door, Tony lets his face crumple, lets himself hold onto the doorframe, clutching onto it for dear life, breathing hard like his lungs aren’t working, burning at the seams.
“Yeah, but Appa said we have to check with you first. Can we go the Planetarium, please?” Peter asks, his eyes glassy like he’s about to cry.
He waves his hand in a gesture that is indecipherable to Tony, and then, he’s being shoved up against the bar, face down, a hand tangling in his hair and pressing his face down against the wood.
“Feels good, doesn’t it?” Steve asks, softly, but with a menacing edge. “Like this is all you’re good for, baby, just to be fucked stupid on a cock, on
!” Tony roars, and when he’s done, when the sound is finally in the air, he’s breathing hard and his lungs are stretching painfully at the edges. “I have
“Seems things have worked out kind of even,” Steve offers, sliding to his feet, prowling forwards like a jungle cat.
Tony scowls. “You are not helping this situation,” he grinds out. He shakes his head. “What we wanted to talk to you about is James, him and me and your Daddy.”
“Tony,” Steve says, reaching for him, and then, he’s on his knees, in front of him, hands resting in Tony’s lap, head bowed. “Tony, I swear to you, on our children’s lives, that I have never touched Natasha, not in the way that you’re thinking. I have never slept with her, never thought of her as anything but a friend.”
“Look, man, I don’t know why you’re here, why you’ve… you’ve picked me, but you can’t, you can’t do this. I mean, I’m not saying I’m perfect, but I sure as hell haven’t done anything to be
“You do, Tony,” James says, with a passion that borders on madness. “You deserve better than a husband that’s never around, that never helps with the kids, that cheats on you with some redheaded secretary. For fuck’s sake, Tony… why haven’t you kicked him out yet?”
“Keep with me?” James demands. “Keep with me? Are you fucking kidding me? Do you have any idea how difficult it was to keep my hands off you back then?”
The floorboards creak, and he spins around just in time to see Obadiah’s horrible face looming in front him, before he’s thrown to the rug, with Obadiah on top of him.
“Good boy,” Steve soothes, stroking over his hair. “Why don’t you get on your back, baby, and grab yourself one of those vibrators of yours, huh? Pick your favourite and I’ll fuck you with it.”
, Grant. I wanted you to stop–stop harassing me the way that you’ve been doing, and that’s the only reason that I, I even came here tonight. You’re wrong. I don’t
He only had two friends, Bucky and Sam, and they were his world; he’d do anything for them, still would.
“What the fuck, Steve?” Tony hisses, slamming the heel of his hand into Steve’s chest when they pull away.
Tony runs deeper and deeper into the maze of pipes, most of them burst and blowing steam everywhere. Thank God he’s small-made, which makes squeezing through smaller and smaller openings much easier. But then, he finds himself trapped, shut off by three brick walls. He presses back against one of them, wetness from the bricks seeping into his clothes.
Okay, so, here's the start of therapy. You might recognise Eshe from let the soft animal of your body love what it loves.
He leaves the house, quickly, jumping into his car and driving back to the hospital, just in time for Steve to rush out of the double doors, something tucked underneath his arm. Steve slides into the passenger seat.
“If we could help it, none of this would never have happened,” Tony manages to say, his mouth tasting like ash. “But you were so brave, and you were so good, and you listened to me, and I am… your father and I are very, very proud of you, aren’t we, Steve?”
Then, like some switch turned on, it dwindled, almost as if Tony had done something to offend him and this is how Steve Rogers deals out his punishments.
He sits in the library, when Grant arrives, picks a book off the shelf and takes a seat beside him. They read in silence, and then, when Tony finishes his book, he goes to return the book and find another one.
Steve’s hand tangles with Tony’s, a shock of warmth that shudders right through his body, down to his fingers and his toes.
To her credit, Ms Lewis doesn’t bat an eyelash when she sees James picking up the kids, or James with Steve or Tony at one of the parent-teacher meetings or one of the other events held at the school.
Obadiah gurgles his screams as he burns, blood and smoke everywhere, and his entire body is quickly engulfed.
The injection pads click, and Steve jerks in the machine, as the needles pierce his body, the serum slowly emptying from the injectors. Steve’s veins swell, and his head begins to shake.
It tumbles onto the grass, stopping in front of the recruits, who scramble away, especially Hodge who yelps and dives underneath a nearby jeep, except for Steve, who throws himself on top of the grenade, bodily, crouching over it.
“You made me feel like… like I was disposable, like you were taking advantage of the choice I made when the twins were born to stay at home, and that meant that you didn’t have to be here, didn’t have to help me out,” Tony admits.
Nat’s expression hardens in an angry mask, just for a fleeting moment, like she’s annoyed that he’s disturbed her, ruined her fun, before it smooths out into a dreamy-faced look, and she takes his hand.
Tony bristles, ready to argue at the rebuke that he hears in Steve’s tone of voice, and then, he catches sight of just how exhausted Steve looks, even if it was Tony who shot the HYDRA bastards who stole their children – that’s somehow worse for Steve, Tony knows, because Steve hates, absolutely
“I always thought saying your lord’s name in vain while fucking a brown man was probably blasphemy of epic proportions.”
It sickens him, the idea that he might have fallen in love with someone who ended up doing the same thing as his father.
He picks up his robe, wraps his body inside it, as though it can protect him when it had just failed several minutes ago.
Tony glares at it for a second, and then, his shoulders droop. “It’s just a fucking cat,” he grumbles.
James stares down at him. “It’s never going to be enough for you, is it? Any and all explanations that I give you will never be enough. You’re never going to forgive me for leaving you, are you?”
“Fuck,” Steve sighs, his hips pressed right up against her, as he finishes coming, and when he withdraws from her, some of his come leaks out.
“We didn’t force anything,” Steve says, coldly. “The Winter Soldier was back on American soil. Did you think no one was going to notice, especially with a rap sheet that long?”
Steve’s hand grips at his thigh, his thumb sliding into the gap between that one and the other. He spreads it, so that Tony can prop his foot on the very edge of the cushion, and his hand slips over the inside, his thumb rubbing circles on the sliver of darker skin between groin and thigh.
The laser slams out of his wrists, and he cuts off the head of the giant rabbit currently attacking him – it should be a macabre sight, and tomorrow, he’s fairly certain that there’ll be tabloid newspapers mocking him and calling him
The song keeps playing, but Obadiah grapples for it, smashing the phone so that the song no longer is playing. He looms over Tony.
Steve looks at him and does a strange thing with his mouth like he wants to cry, and he doesn’t want anyone to know. And then, he makes a soft noise at the back of his throat, as if all the frustration is leaking out of his body, and Steve is slinging an arm around Tony’s waist, pulling him forward. He slants his mouth over Tony’s again, and Tony feels as though he is streaked with fire inside and out, goosebumps racing across his skin.
Tony makes a muffled noise of surprise, but he winds his hand into Steve’s dirty-blonde hair, pulling him closer, and Steve groans, groans like he’s dying like he’s thought of nothing more than this.
Even now, holding it, he remembers the way that Tony had shouted at him in Siberia, the weightless sensation in his hand as he dropped it.
“I understand, I just…” James trails off. “I need to get rid of the bugs, Tony, and I’m good with tech stuff, but not that good, not good enough to disable them. That’s why I need your help.”
Peggy is by his side. “All of Dr. Erskine’s research and equipment is gone. Any hope of reproducing the program is locked in your genetic code. But it would take years.” She pauses. “At the moment, you’re the only super soldier there is.”
Tony loves his husband, loves him more than he loves almost anything else in the world (the almost being his children, who give him a reason to breathe in the morning when he wakes up), hasn’t stopped loving him in all of these years, and most likely loves him even more now, but with Steve’s long hours at work, Tony has become a single parent, effectively.
God, how had he not realised that they weren’t enough for him? Had he just assumed that Steve loved him as much he loved Steve? Had he thought that no matter what deficiencies may exist in Steve’s feelings, Tony’s feelings would make up for it?
Tony breathes a sigh of relief. He climbs to his feet, and when he looks over, the river of burning oil is only a foot away from Steve. Tony runs towards him, the bayonet aimed directly at him. He slashes the blade at the tip, cutting through all of the bindings. Steve falls backward, now without purchase, with a yelp, and Tony, eyes wide, lurches forward, gripping him by his shirt and tugging it back. Tony loses his steady feet, and suddenly,
“Don’t wait up,” he advises, slipping around him to make a beeline for the door leading down into Tony’s workshop.
“No, no,” Wanda says, quickly, pinching the bridge of her nose. “No, it, um, I guess I’ve never talked about it with anyone but Sam. And you just spilled your guts to me already-”
“No, I don’t think so,” Ms Lewis says. “I think, if you can, that is, maybe have a conversation with your husband, see if things can be fixed at home. If not, it might be something to consider. It’s not a terrible thing, you know, therapy. It’s a good place for kids to talk and to come to terms with what happened-”
There’s a dash of furious colour across Steve’s face, bright red against milk-pale skin. “Tony,” he complains.
Tony’s head sinks again, eyelids drawn down as if held by some enormous weight. By the time his cheek is pressed against the desk, Thor’s voice is muffled in his ear, like they’re underwater.
The sun is burning his skin, streaking it with an unhealthy shade of red, and he can feel it so sore that it’s pulling tight across his muscles and bones. Despite his struggles, the Nazis are tugging him to this strange hole in the dirt.
it yesterday when he dropped the kids off. He didn’t look like someone who didn’t seem interested in your feelings or had suddenly stopped loving you. He looked hurt, he looked angry; you don’t feel those things if you don’t love someone; it’s
The door opens, and Steve is standing on the other side, in a robe – it’s enough of a difference from that last time with Grant that Tony finds the air coming easier into his lungs.
Maushmi’s face scrunches up. “Who? You only know me, Daddy, Uncle Sam, Aunt Wanda, Uncle Rhodey and Aunt Pepper. Were you with them?” she asks, guilelessly.
“No,” he says, sternly, and her eyes are luminous, fixated on him, “come on my cock. Come on my cock
for you. Natasha had to stop me, because when you went into his apartment the first time, I grabbed my gun and I was about to come charging in there and shoot the fucking prick in the face.”
Tony feels a weight escape his chest. “Thank God, thank you,” he flounders for words “It’s just… they’re my first, and I don’t really know what I’m doing…” he trails off. He swallows. “I’m glad to know they’re good, that they’re doing okay.”
He stands, all of that tall, muscled weight bearing down on Tony, always so precise and militaristic and structured, and a flicker cracks his expression before it slides away, and his face turns to thunder, furious, singular thunder.
“You were the one who recommended this place to me, silly,” she teases, staring up at him through the dip of her lashes, pink and smiling.
Tony rolls his eyes but refills his glass, dutifully. “Come on, I know you drink something stronger than that. Me, I like scotch. And I like bourbon. And vodka and gin. I’m not much for brandy. I didn’t like that it made me dance on tables and proposition British soldiers for one, heat-filled night with me. I felt like a traitor to my face, more than I did when I was fukcing you.”
The air releases in a hiss, and Tony reaches behind him to grip the arm of the couch, just as Steve’s mouth closes around the head of Tony’s cock. It’s a tentative suck at first, and then, his mouth rubs down further, reaches further until he’s brushing the base of his cock.
And then, a shadow appears between him and the sun, and Tony pulls his hand away, staring up at Steve who seems to blot out all of the sunlight with his broad frame.
“Just get me as close as you can,” Steve replies. He hesitates. “You know, you’re both going to be in a lot of trouble when you land.”
When they pull away, Tony looks over at Steve, just in time to see him adjust his erection in his sweatpants.
“I made so many moves on you, it’s almost embarrassing,” Tony says, wistfully. “None of my usual moves worked on you at
“Because we killed him,” Maushmi drawls, and there’s something fierce, mutinous to her voice, to her expression, like guilt has tried to dig its claws in her and failed, because she feels so confident, so
Tony looks at him thoughtfully, and then, takes a drink. “You really have money?” he asks, casually. “You don’t look rich. You look like you always have.”
Surprisingly, he is intact, still holding onto the periscope for dear life, and when he releases it, his arms are aching, pulled tight down to the muscle, like they’re just about ready to fall off.
Eshe smiles, sharp at the edges. “Usually, yes, but when my clients are making backward steps, I like to nudge them in the right direction. I think you’re hiding behind the rule, because it explains and excuses your actions without you having ever to do so. I think that rule allowed you to make a decision you wanted to make for Tony, not because you think he’s stupid, but because you wanted to protect him and you thought, even above Tony, you were the only one who was capable of making that decision, making the
very uncomfortable. And she kissed me. It lasted a minute, just enough for the bad guy to turn his head so he wouldn’t see us, and then, it stopped. That’s it. That’s all that’s ever happened between Natasha and me, Tony.
Tony should withdraw his hand, should remind him that he’s married, that he still loves Steve, loves him like he doesn’t know how to breathe without him, but he can’t find the words to put out into the world.
“Yeah, no shit, Sherlock,” Tony snarls. “You think girls hit like that because it feels like hugs and kittens?”
Rumlow bares his teeth at Tony. “Stark, your persistence surprises even me. Now, I thought you were just an average bartender.”
Steve flinches. “I didn’t. I haven’t,” he says, softly, earnestly. “I know… I know I kept things from you. I know I should’ve told you about SHIELD. I can tell you now that I was trying to protect you, to shield you and the kids, but… I would never have touched anyone else, Tony.
is on the tip of his tongue to fling at Steve, but he thinks it would be too unkind, not when Steve is sitting here and acknowledging that he’d been a shitty father and hating himself for it.
“I’d love your kids as if they were my own,” James promises, with a passion that borders on madness.
Tony imagines how Hodge would sound if Tony showed up in his bunk that night and burned him alive in his bed, the laughter shifting into screams.
Tony doesn’t want to be giddy with anticipation, because he knows how bad this can go, how miserable this can still end, but there’s something that spreads over his skin, like goosebumps, making him aware of every little thing that is happening in reality right now.
Steve watches the light die out of Tiberius Stone’s eyes, and he feels his cock twitch in his jeans; the dark part of an already dark mind imagines fucking Toni here, on the carpet, while Tiberius Stone bleeds out beside them, imagines making Toni come, just as he opens Stone up from belly to brain.
All of the alphas that would have raped him are lying on the ground, groaning or unconscious, bleeding furiously and definitely bruised all over, and then, Agent Carter comes for him.
Tony watches from the back of a jeep, resting his chin on upturned palms, as an alpha female in a British Army uniform strides up to a line of eleven recruits in khakis.
Together, they limp out of the abandoned preschool, and when Tony looks over his shoulder, he watches the fire spread, until it climbs out of the boiler room and swallows up the whole building, licking out of the windows behind them.
To emphasise his point, Steve turns back the covers on his side of the bed and rolls out, storming off towards the door. Tony sighs and climbs out as well, going after him.
He comes out from behind a tangle of pipes, shadows, the firelight of the boiler. He’s wearing the same filthy red and yellow sweater and hat that hangs over his face. His face is melted, red and shiny and looking like a clump of tendons twisted together, which somehow manages to tilt up in a smile, showing a row of yellow teeth.
Tony draws them both into an embrace, lifts them into his lap. “I have you. I’m never going to let anything happen to you, okay? I love you both so much. I love you.”
Tony grumbles under his breath. “Maybe there’s going to be a natural disaster. Don’t people like have this weird sixth sense before something seriously fucked-up happens?”
“It’s okay,” Steve soothes, “easy, easy. I think you have a concussion. Hold tight. I’m calling 911.”
Howard’s lips are frowning-thin. “You should go and pack your things,” he grunts. “Go, now, get out of my sight.”
“Steve, my darling, you left it on the stove, boiling, when you decided to maul James like a lion, and you didn’t look at it again. That was almost fifteen minutes ago. Something tells me it’s not salvageable.”
“Not in Russia, it didn’t,” Steve says, blowing out a breath between his teeth. “She spent a lot of time with them, years, where they abused her and tortured her and conditioned her. I think…” he hesitates. “I think it was a lot like what HYDRA did to Bucky.”
Tony climbs to his feet, leans across the space between them, and presses his mouth to Steve’s. Steve makes a soft little noise of surprise against his lips, before it’s swallowed by Tony’s. Tony curls a hand around the nape of Steve’s neck, breathes, and then, pulls back.
, to have someone like Tony, a rich, virgin omega, throw himself at Steve for nothing, no price at all, no bite or bonding on the line, which alpha wouldn’t take him up on his offer?
“I don’t know if I can… I think I can forgive it,” Tony says, cautiously. “Not now, but… I can see myself forgiving it–”
Steve spins around on his feet and fake-socks Hitler on the jaw. The Fuhrer goes down, and the audience goes wild.
“Shower,” he tells James, who nods, and he slips into the bathroom, stepping under the almost scalding spray.
He pulls it from his ear, just before he hears a soft, scarred, feminine voice, and he puts it carefully in James’ ear.
Tony stares at him, his face feeling awfully dry and taut against the bones. “Do you really think that I’m that shallow?” he asks, quietly.
Coulson, as if he has some kind of fucking radar for Tony’s voice, comes out of a room, uneasy to see him.
It takes them six dates, despite Tony and Steve’s rigorous flirting, and when Steve drops him back at home, Tony grips him by the black tie that he’s wearing, twisting it around the width of his palm, and drags him in, so that he can stick his tongue in Steve’s mouth.
Zola even tells him that some of his men have unnatural, deviant urges, and that if Tony continues to remain silent, Zola will let his men have Tony to slake those urges in, as an incentive for their continued loyalty – after all, Zola knows that Tony already has those unnatural, deviant urges himself, judging by his relationship with Steve.
“I… I don’t think I’ll ever stop loving you, James,” Tony confesses, with sad, burning eyes, as the shame prickles at the back of his neck. “I loved you when I was a boy, and I… even after all these years, and I haven’t… fuck, I shouldn’t be saying this, I shouldn’t be saying
Tony wishes he were an alpha, wishes he were strong enough, powerful enough to take up a sword, to run Obadiah through and to sit on the seat that was once his father’s, have all of those alphas who looked down on him, on their knees before him, kissing his hand.
Rhodey stares grimly ahead of the ship. “You have very important friends,” he says, pointing with a sweeping hand.
“Wait,” Steve says, when Tony clambers to his feet, tries to escape. “Please, Tony, please don’t leave like this. You don’t understand, you don’t understand what I mean. I don’t mean… it’s not
Lord Steven looks dubious. “Very well. I… I will leave you now, Omega Stark, allow you to get some rest.”
The Nazis react, turning to him, and that’s when they realize that he’s got a bazooka propped upon his shoulder.
Tony clears his throat. “I managed to track the guys to a warehouse. When we got there, they were waving a gun in their faces, and I lost it, I just fucking lost it, and I shot them both.”
The corner of Steve’s mouth tips up. “Believe me, Tony, war is one of the few things that I do well.”
“You may sit as well,” Lord Steven says, quietly. “You don’t have to… you don’t have to lower your head. I am no master, Tony.”
“If we just… stopped with us for the time being, until Thor comes back with a solution.” Steve pinches the bridge of his nose. “Come on, Tony, just… just be honest with me. You wouldn’t want to be with me like this, and we both know it.”
Steve hushes him. “I know, I know it’s not your fault. Ma told me after she found out that they’d arrested Nat that she’d made the same agreement with the police too,” he says, morosely.
“I hope you brought enough for yourself,” Tony tells her, softly. “I assume you’ll be eating with us.”
“I’m Indian, and I have Indian features, features that not a lot of people are attracted to, and were not attracted to, when I was growing up. I’m hairy. They used to call me a dirty sasquatch. If you haven’t understood it yet, the reason why they called me a dirty sasquatch was because I had dark skin and I was hairy. I felt so much angst over my hair, which never settled on a good day, my eyes which weren’t blue, my dry skin, my hips, which were like a girl’s, according to my father and a bunch of other people at boarding school. When I was younger, I had an eating disorder,” he says, bluntly, watching as Steve flinches, “because rich people have to be beautiful people, and I didn’t feel beautiful, not the way that the others did. I didn’t feel wanted or loved or lusted after, because despite the fact that I was richer than most of my contemporaries, I was also brown with ethnic features and that wasn’t people’s preferences at the time. I had an eating disorder, and that’s something that I still struggle with, that I still get therapy for. As I got older, I stopped caring as much, but a lot of those insecurities still stayed with me. And then, I started spending time around the Avengers.”
“Okay, so, I would suggest against introducing him as anything more than a friend until the three of you are stable in your relationship, just to do away with any sort of, uh, possible breakdown in the relationship. He can be a friend for now; let the kids get used to him and used to the new presence in their lives, and let James get used to them as well, before you say that he’s anything more. James being ready for this sort of commitment is also important. I’d… like once the three of you have that conversation, to come and see me, talk with me about what’s going on, not like I’m keeping tabs on you, but these relationships can be difficult to manoeuvre, and you have children, and that is not a complication, of course, but it’s something else for the three of you to think about, both individually and together.”
“According to Shakespeare, there was something operating in nature, perhaps inside human nature itself, that was rotten–a canker, as he put it.”
“Don’t worry about that. I’m perfectly capable of handling anything they throw at me,” Tony tells him, softly. “Remember, I’m Tony Stark. It’s not that easy to touch me.”
“You don’t want that to happen, do you?” he asks, in a small voice. “Think of how sad your Daddy and I would be if you went away.”
“I’m gonna enjoy this,” he growls in Tony’s face, his breath stinking of cigarette smoke. “You uppity rich bitches are all the same, flashing your scent and your ass around until we take notice, and then, pretending to be a fucking virgin when we pay you a compliment. What do you think Daddy’s gonna say when he finds out that you gave it up to a guy like me? You think they’ll find some glitterati to put his teeth on you after I’ve fucked you bloody–”
She tangles her hands with Bucky and Steve and leads them away to a corner where they can speak privately.
Tony chews on his lower lip and makes his way over to Steve, perching on edge of the coffee table, praying that it can take his weight. “Steve, honey?” he says, carefully, precise.
The sound that Tony wants to make is like a cat dying, and he barely gets it stuck in his throat before he’s turning around, covering his eyes.
Steve pushes against the wall again, and the torch falls out of his mouth. The pillar goes down, just like Tony had predicted, falling like a tree towards Tony, Steve riding it down like a skateboard.
“For the last fucking time, I am not sleeping with him,” Tony snaps. “I haven’t slept with James since I was in college, before I even met you. I am not sleeping with him now, Steve. I don’t know how many fucking times I have to say this, or rather,
He looks at Wanda lying in that bed, and his face grows agonised, tormented, and Tony stretches a hand across the bed, over Wanda’s flat stomach, and tangles their hands together, briefly, squeezing.
He comes across what looks like a settlement, with several, concentric, silk tents, creating a flowing maze effect. The innermost tent has at its center a three-foot-high, tapestry-covered altar.
Natasha shifts on her feet, awkwardly. “I’ll, uh, I’ll leave you alone, then. Thank you for letting me come in, have a chance to explain myself. I hope… I don’t know, Tony, I know we probably won’t be friends, but I’m hoping that we can be friendly, at least, one day, maybe not soon.”
“You have to know that I’m not going anywhere, not anymore. I’m here for the long haul. I’m staying.
Tony leans with a pleased sound rubbing up against the back of his throat and kisses him, his hand smoothing down from Steve’s cheek to his shoulder and then, the length of his arm until their fingers can tangle together.
Tony laughs, which is quickly caught by Steve’s mouth, when it comes down on his with bruising force, as if chasing the taste of his own come.
“I was sitting at the bar on my own and this idiot frat boy with his collar turned up like a douchebag came up to me and started hitting on me. Not even nice flirting, you know; it was the
Tony purses his lips thin. “Your behaviour, it must change. It is not welcome,” he says, sternly, his hands on his lip.
“Okay, okay,” Tony calls out, and he hopes that Steve can’t hear the fear-ridden waver in his voice. “Okay, I’m going to drop.”
“What the hell, Tony?” he asks, the words coming out as a yelp, when Tony’s fingers encircle the width of his cock.
Blood pours out like a river from the gaping hole in Grant’s throat, covering him with something that tastes sharp, hot and metallic. The red sinks into his skin, into his hair, his eyes, his mouth, all over him, soaking into the sheets underneath them, and then, Tony, with strength that he didn’t even think himself capable of, pushes Grant off.
“You stupid little fuck,” Obadiah snarls. “I was going to have my fun with you first, the kind of fun we used to have, but now, now, I just want to fucking kill you–”
He hesitates for an agonising moment, before offering Tony his arm, which Tony takes gratefully, sliding his hand inside the crook of his elbow to rest on his muscled forearm.
“People buy bonds, bonds buy bullets, bullets kill Nazis. Sales rise ten percent in every state I visit,” Steve rattles off, his voice dull and impersonal.
Steve leans back, and Tony crawls forward, hands splaying out on Steve’s thighs, so that he can fit himself in the little crevice between his legs. First, he reaches out and nuzzles at the join of Steve’s thigh, just shy of his cock, the scratch of his pubic hair more bristly than soft. He reaches out and licks at the head of his cock, tasting the bitter-salt of Steve’s pre-come and humming in satisfaction.
Tony snorts. “Fuck no. They’re buried wherever it was he was working. Probably preserved real good, too. In the snow.” He looks away, his mask melting away, the hardness cracking. He grasps a decanter of scotch from the shelf, pouring himself a drink.
It takes them fifteen minutes before they’re at the warehouse, and honestly, it should have taken twenty-five, and that was all due to Tony’s driving – he’s definitely earned himself a few traffic violations.
Tony rolls his eyes. “To be fair, I don’t have a type,” he points out. “I am what they used to call – before they realised that it was a slur and people can do whatever the fuck they want with their own bodies – a
“Just stay with me. I lived years without you, and it was half a life, and I don’t want that life anymore. I’ll never leave you again, Tony. I’ll never lie to you. I’ll never do anything that you don’t want me to. Just stay with me.”
“Hasn’t done anything wrong?” Steve asks, disgusted, sliding to his feet. “Are you fucking kidding me? He killed my
“Perhaps it would be better than you taking my head for my crimes in front of all of your people,” Tony replies, darkly.
that my best friends left my wife like that on the floor without waiting for the fucking ambulance, but I understand why you left her, and I can’t blame for-for wanting to get your kids. I know Wanda wouldn’t either. I guess I’m just pissed at the situation, pissed that you guys were involved in something that brought those assholes to my house and let them assault my wife. I’m
Steve looks at him, painfully vulnerable, like he can’t breathe without Tony, and Tony kisses him again, wraps his arms around his shoulders, presses the entire length of his naked body against Steve’s, and Steve lifts him up again, as easy as he did in the lift, and Tony’s legs wrap around his waist.
He stops outside Tony’s room, and Tony fiddles inside of his coat with the strange position he finds himself in to find the key, which he uses to unlock the door. Steve kicks it open with a sheepish grin, and they enter.
Tony’s hand is shaking, but he maintains his grip on the knife. “Don’t touch me,” he says, fiercely. “If you touch me, I will kill you.”
“For fuck’s sake, Tony,” Steve mutters under his breath, and Tony catches the tail-end of his words. “Tony,” he calls out, beseechingly, “Tony, come on, don’t walk out like this, please? We need to talk. We can’t just… we can’t just leave it like this. What happened to not going to bed angry?”
He flings one last look at Wanda’s prone body and God, he’s a monster, right? He’s such a fucking monster.
Abraham meets Phillips’ gaze without flinching. “I am more than just thinking about it. He is the clear choice.”
“No.” Tony brushes her hair away from her face, the few strands that had slipped out of the plait that he’d done for her in the morning. “I was with someone else.”
He tells him that he has to go to war, that the king has demanded that the Brooklyn Lands call their banners and join King Nicholas against Alexander Pierce, the man who believes he is more entitled to the throne than the sitting king.
, Tony. That necklace… she was helping me out with buying your birthday present, and while I was there at the store, I decided to buy her something as well, you know, as a thank you for being such a good friend.”
“Second, I spoke to your assistant, Pepper, and it looks like she’s actually been worried about your mental health, so she’s glad you were taking some time to rest today. She even gave us strict instructions to tie you down to the bed if you tried to do any work, and then, made it very clear that if we
Tony immediately sits up and looks at the open window. A single, bone-white feather floats down before it's sucked outside and is gone. He looks at the closed door, before he grabs a jacket draped over the armchair in the room, donning it. He climbs out of the window, sliding down the rose trellis.
“Fuck, you’re tight,” he grunts. “Thought you’d be loose as fuck, since you’ve been spreading it for God knows how many johns.”
It doesn’t hurt Tony the way that it should, strangely enough. If Steve had stood there, told him that he was in love with Natasha, he would have flipped his shit – in private, of course; he’d never dream of dropping that faultless exterior of his for a second – and then dissolved into tears.
Tony and Steve enter the police station, crossing directly over to the nearest blue-clothed police officer.
He knows what Eshe would say if she could see him now, hear what he’s thinking. She would say that he’s been needlessly harsh towards himself, that it’s not a bad thing that he wants to be close to them, that he’s been kind and generous for wanting to give them this moment for themselves, after they’ve missed out on so much, but that he should want to be a part of this, the genesis of this new relationship, that it doesn’t make him a terrible person for wanting to be a part of this.
“Maybe it would have been better if I’d just died,” Steve says, stubbornly, glaring at him. “But I know what I look like. I’m a shrimp.” His voice is thin with disgust. “You could poke me, and I could break a bone. I’m short and thin and have no muscle anymore. I’m the last fucking person that Tony Stark would want to have sex with.”
“I have dim sum, a lot of noodles, General Tso’s Vegetarian Chicken, Kung Pao Vegetarian Chicken, and mango pudding for dessert,” Natasha says.
“Okay, then, uh, I got an idea,” Tony says, untangling his legs from Steve’s hips and putting his feet back on the ground.
“A few hours later, they found Prasena's body. Krishna noticed lion tracks around the body and assumed that a lion must have killed Prasena. On following the lion tracks, they came across the body of the dead lion. Krishna noticed that the lion had the marks of a bear's claws and noticed that there were bear tracks around the body. On following the bear tracks, Krishna reached Jambavan's cave. Krishna, sensing the danger, ordered the rest of the party to stay outside while he entered the cave alone. Krishna found Jambavan's son playing with the Syamantaka gem. Frightened by the stranger, Jambavan's son let out a wail that alerted Jambavan. Now, Jambavan thought someone was attacking his child and so, he attacked Krishna. Krishna fought Jambavan for twenty-eight days, after which Jambavan recognized Krishna's divinity and surrendered to him. Along with the gem, Jambavan offered Krishna his daughter Jambavati's hand in marriage. This, Krishna accepted.”
Tony sits up, ignoring the insistent throb between his legs, the pain that is almost a comfort to him, now that he knows that he is not insane, that he didn’t dream of Grant’s desire for him, that this, this awful thing, actually happened.
He turns around to see some random woman heading straight for them, in a bright-red dress, bedazzled to hell, and six-inch heels.
His cock is still above-average length, and when he curls his long, thin fingers around the base, it swells up in his palm unaided and on cue. So, he knows there’s no problem in that area.
There’s a photo of a birthday party. Tony’s, he thinks, considering that he’s in the centre, wearing a bright purple cone hat on top of his head. He can see himself, his parents, Ana and Jarvis, of course; Steve is there with his mother, along with Natasha and her mother, and Pepper and her parents. Rhodey and Bucky are even there with their families.
Three weeks later, Thor comes to them in their penthouse, away from prying eyes, and tells them, in a solemn, kind voice that a doctor might use when informing a patient of a terminal illness, that he has spoken to his mother, who confirms that Loki was telling the truth, that there is no way of returning Steve to his serumed form.
I should have told you, but you, I have pictures of you at this guy’s apartment. I know that you visited him constantly. I know that he was in our house, when no one was at home, and I know that he met the kids. I know you helped him get rid of SHIELD’s bugs. I know you were helping him avoid us, and you know what the worst thing is? You’ve fucked this guy before. You told me that. You’ve had sex with him before, and what, I’m supposed to believe that the two of you haven’t rekindled your passion for each other since he showed up again? That you were just helping him out of the goodness of your fucking heart?”
“James has to be prepared to become a parent, a parent to two kids who might not even like him, just by virtue of the change he brings, and I… well, that is often a deal breaker in relationships.”
He balances himself on his hand, before rolling it onto his cock, shuddering a little at the sensation. He bites his lip, fisting his cock, the head aimed at Tony’s hole, which is gushing.
Tony takes a deep, steadying breath, leaning in so that only he can hear. “Schmidt was moving a force through Azzano. Two hundred men went up against them, less than fifty came back. Your audience contained all that’s left of the 107
“That happened on Titan,” Tony murmurs, tasting bile, bitter, at the back of his throat, as he settles back against his pillow.
Seeing the staunch look of determination on Steve’s face, the likelihood of him not turning away from his insistence that he leave, Tony goes, rushing off between two buildings.
He stares at the two of them, his heart full to bursting with love for his children, and saunters over to the door, swinging it open.
“After you’d fallen asleep, I was cleaning up, and you were just lying there, and I was standing over you. I was touching your hair; it was so soft,” James muses, his eyes flicking up to look at his hair, “and then, Rhodey was talking. He told me that he knew that I was in love with you, that you were in love with me. He was happy that I hadn’t made a move on you or taken what you were offering like a bunch of other assholes would have, because he thought you were too young-”
“Sorry,” Eshe says, apologetically, “but it really is the best comparison. Hypothetically, say, your marriage had failed. You’d gotten divorced, and the two of you were seeing other people.”
“Yeah, I slapped you,” Tony snaps, switching to English with a quick snap, his gut churning. “You think women hit like that because it feels like fucking cotton candy?”
The twins cheer and rush back inside, and Wanda laughs, her clear, bell-like laugh, rubbing her hand over their heads fondly, as they run past her.
Tony starts to run toward the street at the other end of the walkway. Suddenly, two more German agents appear in the street at that end. Before they can spot Tony, he retreats to the alcove again, where a huge rattan basket sitting there. Tony climbs in and closes the top above him.
“It’s because you did the same thing, when we met,” James tells him. “You could’ve told people about that person I killed, the murder you helped me cover up, and you didn’t, because you knew that he was a bastard, that he was evil and cruel and disgusting, and then, you helped me, even knowing that I was a killer. You helped me stop HYDRA from hurting a bunch of people, and you could’ve run away, saved yourself, but you didn’t do that. In fact, you actively helped me; you put yourself in harm’s way to save other people, and you didn’t care, even after you found out what I was, what I’d done. You are a good person, and frankly, it doesn’t hurt that every time I look at your mouth, I imagine it wrapped around my cock.”
The kids eat in silence, and Tony is busy cleaning the dishes slowly starting to accumulate in the sink, and then, when they’re done, he grabs their cereal bowls to put it there to be washed as well.
The emotion that floods into his throat, forms a lump at the base, makes a suspicious rime of salt appear across his eyes.
Tony laughs and crawls forward on his knees, so that he can curl his hand around the nape of his neck and crush his mouth to James’.
Tony lets his head fall back against the sheets. “Yes, yes, put your cock back inside me. I want you to fuck me so stupid that I can’t even see straight.”
“I thought you were getting the gnocchi. And by the way, when did you learn Italian?” Tony asks, or more like, demands.
James leans forward, his face curdling. “What sort of life is that, Tony?” he hisses, full of rage. “Being a doormat, a fucking doll for him to play with? Is that what you really want from life?”
“You know, over the years, I learned how to hate you, Steve,” he says, quietly, “and it was hard, I’ll tell you that; it was really fucking hard to hate you, but do you know what was harder?”
“From what you’ve both said, you have never really shared your memories of Bucky with Tony before, which is why he wasn’t able to make the connection between his James and your Bucky, despite Bucky having been a rudimentary and significant part of your life.”
In truth, he has no objections; he will cringe at the thought of leaving his home, but if his parents had lived, he would have left his home, nonetheless; he is simply fulfilling the purpose which alphas have expected from omegas as long as alpha and omega have existed.
“A year later, Steve asked me to marry him, and we got married. We had kids, Peter and Maushmi. And… they’re four now, they just started kindergarten, and they love school, actually. I don’t get any complaints in the morning,” he practically babbles. “They’re so smart too. I mean, I would’ve been happy even if they weren’t; I still would’ve loved them, but they’re so smart, and they’re already reading the things that fourth and fifth graders read, and they know their numbers and they write and they’re so
Tony pours himself a glass of port from the decanter sitting on the table. “I definitely would. There are some things you can recapture in this life, but that isn’t one of them.”
Tony parks in the lot, and all four of them climb out of the convertible, heading towards the entrance of the school.
With a firm hand on Tony’s thigh splaying him wide, he shifts his fingers, the next thrust dragging so relentlessly against Tony’s prostate that the knot tightening in his belly bursts apart in a melting of sensation, and Tony’s coming, coming with his cock not even hard, and he feels it everywhere, behind his eyes, his toes curling, in the pit of his throat and his belly and in the notches of his spine, and he’s suspended in air, light cutting through him at different points, before that too shatters, and he’s falling back against the bed, his chest burning and his arms and legs tingling.
Tony sighs, and all three approach the bush. The scratching begins again, and Tony stops. Pepper backs away towards the house, but Natasha stays with him.
“That’s really what you think, that she set you up with these?” Steve asks, waving the photos around. “That she… she wanted to subsume your life, or whatever insane idea that you’re thinking about over there? Natasha isn’t that sort of person; she’s not trying to steal your life.”
Tony can feel it, feel his erection, pressing up against the dip between his thigh and his hips – this isn’t how it was supposed to be.
Maushmi pouts. “Do we really have to? Winx Club is on tonight,” she says, sticking her lower lip out.
“Do with the fact that we’re both in love with each other but in love with someone else as well, the
“You have a concussion,” Steve reminds him. “Screw this guy, the sleep alone could put you in a coma.”
“Well, at the same time that Bucky and Steve asked me to marry them, they also asked whether they could adopt you.”
“Finally, the guy that owned the joint did something stupid, pissed off some British soldiers, threw a bottle at a troop of them, called them a bunch of ‘
Steve rubs at his arm, ever comforting. “It was just a dream. It’s gone now,” he promises. He hesitates. “You know, it’s weird, because I had a bad dream too last night.”
He shoves his arm against one of the scalding steam pipes; his skin starts to boil and blister, and he lurches up, shouting at the top of his lungs, arm raised to ward off the blow sure to come from the killer. Something hits the floor with a dull thud; there are more screams, and he’s on his feet.
Toni’s smile widens around her teeth sunk into her lower lip. “That’s good, because I’m definitely a
Tony feels that sudden, aching longing, the sad, desperate one, where his heart leaps into his throat, and he wants to reach for Steve, to draw him into his arms and kiss the sadness out of his eyes, to make Steve whole and healthy and happy again.
Steve falls back onto the mattress, and Tony goes along with him, curled up on his chest. His voice catches, when the knot shifts inside him, when they go down, stretching him almost painfully, still throbbing, still coming, and Steve murmurs a wordless comfort.
He heads over to the counter, pouring himself a coffee cup, draining it dry, before pecking both Ana and his mother on the cheek.
“That’s not true!” Steve protests. “The reason why… Tony, I was going on day-long, week-long missions at that point, and I was
The kids are comfortable in their beds, their eyes closed, breathing normally, steady, and it fills up all the hollow, throbbing, empty spaces in his body, in his chest cavity and his gut and his ribs, and he’s on his knees, crawling forward, so that he can stretch himself out in a long line across the soft carpet.
Steve hesitates, and that stings, stings like at the end of everything, after what they’ve been through and been to each other, Steve treats him like a fucking stranger.
The audience promptly laughs and applauds, enraptured, swooning, and Howard makes his way off the stage, heading straight for him.
“Of course you want it fucking faster,” Steve says, darkly. “Sluts like you don’t like slow, soft lovemaking, do you? You want it fast. You want to be ridden hard and put away wet. Don’t think I don’t know.”
“Omega Rogers,” he murmurs, and Tony knows instantly that this is not his alpha, that this must be his alpha’s brother, his twin, Grant.
Toni runs her tongue under her teeth. “Well, it means… we would be family, all four of us, more than just the three of us getting married; it would mean that you would be their son too. When you were born, there was this certificate that we had to fill out, your father and I, and I had to put it down that I’m your mother, and that Ty, your father was your father, and we had to file it with the government, which means that legally, completely, more than just the fact that I had you in my belly, you are mine. If Steve and Bucky adopted you, that would mean that you would legally be theirs too.” She pauses. “Do you understand what I’m saying?”
Tony gnaws on his lower lip – there’s nothing that he can offer to that, no platitude, no correction.
James folds his arms over his chest. “Isn’t he doing the same to you?” he asks, coldly. “Isn’t he lying constantly about what he’s doing, about who he’s with? He doesn’t have a right to judge you.”
“Thank you,” he says, effusive with gratitude. “But yeah, he’s… I don’t know how he feels about it now, but he definitely was thinking that I was lying to him from the beginning, like I was playing the long game, or hedging my bets, or it was just some elaborate honeypot scheme with James being my real, proper lover behind the scenes, so that I could access to secret, classified SHIELD intel.”
A grin blazes across James’ face, the lines around his eyes softening. “So, we’d be able to spy on the redhead?”
, Steve. You wanted to fuck me because you’re suddenly having serious concerns about what I do when you’re not here and when the kids are at school. You wanted to fuck me because you want to prove to me that nothing else can possibly compare to the orgasm you give me in this bed, or the sense of satisfaction I get by taking care of our children. You wanted to prove that I am now and forever will be a complete slave to my libido, and orgasms are the centre of my entire existence. Did that please you, Steve? Did it make you feel better about yourself? Making me realise, hell,
“To be fair, even if he’d said that he wants to kill Nazis, I wouldn’t have turned away from him,” Tony says, dryly, running his hand through his hair. “He’s sick,” he points out. “He has a lot of health problems.” He tilts his head. “Asthma, scarlet fever, rheumatic fever, sinusitis, chronic or frequent colds, high blood pressure, palpitation or pounding in heart, easy fatigability, heart trouble, nervous trouble of any sort, astigmatism, scoliosis, partially deaf, arrhythmia, stomach ulcers, pernicious anaemia, flat feet, has had household contact with tuberculosis, parent or sibling with diabetes.”
over the idea that I might be sleeping with someone else, when you don’t want me. And then, that whole possessive, caveman routine you plied me with the night before, the whole
“Are you sure about that? Because you’re standing here, working yourself into a fucking fit, because I had the nerve to not be here when you decided to show up. And you’re accusing me of lying because you found some stupid bracelet near the sink, and now, you’re interrogating my fucking AI because you don’t trust me now. You don’t trust
Looking greatly relieved, Maushmi kisses Tony on the forehead, and she and Bruce leave the room through a doorway near the mirror.  As soon as his mother is out of sight, Tony’s eyes drift to the mirror itself. In its reflection, he can see himself looking back, alone on the bed.
“She’s not dead, champ,” Steve replies, smoothing his hand over Peter’s head. “She’s just not feeling well, so she’s in hospital.”
Even when the children join him, when they’ve had a bad dream and their fears of monsters under their bed have driven them to seek comfort from the only parent in the house, there’s something missing, and Tony feels it in his gut, like a stone lodged somewhere in his intestine.
Steve leans forward, the look on his face suddenly vicious and defensive. “That’s different though. You have nothing but suspicions and you’ve looked at what I’ve done over this last year, and you’ve… you’ve put two and two together and come up with fifty-three. I get it, Tony. I lied to you. I should’ve told you about SHIELD, and I’m sorry. I’m so fucking sorry, and I know,
Tony smiles, with just a hint of sharpness at the edges. “Everything’s fine,” he lies. “I’m just saying that it might be a way to dispense away with the awkwardness.”
Sam holds his hands up in the air. “Steve asked me not to. He said…” he sighs, “he said that it would only hurt you in the long run, that he didn’t want you to get hurt because he was working for SHIELD. I…” he closes his eyes, “if it makes you feel better, I did tell him it was a bad idea, that it was going to blow up in his face, but…” he trails off.
“He told me that he would disown you, that he would remove any and all support that he was giving you, that he would spread lies about you to make sure that no one would hire you, no one would take you seriously, all the same things that he’d do to me, but he’d actually have the audacity to do it to his own
“Petey, I’d make you pancakes if I could, but it’s already 8:10, and we need to get you going, or you’re gonna be late for school,” Tony says, apologetically. “How about Cinnamon Toast Crunch?”
“It’s just… it’s not Steve, Tony,” Wanda insists, pathetically earnest. “He’s not that sort of guy. It’s just not who he is. He doesn’t cheat. He just… he just wouldn’t
Steve laughs (it hurts to laugh; he remembers the last time that he’d laughed, when Tony had commented on his ass in that old Captain America suit). “I’m not going to do anything stupid.”
“And you understand that there is nothing I love more in this world than my children, not even the two of you,” Tony says, with a certain melancholic edge to his voice.
He pulls a wine glass out of the cabinet on his way into the kitchen and runs it under the water to get rid of all of the dust, a thin, greyish sheen covering the rim and the thin neck of the glass. He wipes up the glass, laying it on the kitchen counter, before opening the bottle of wine and pouring himself a generous helping.
Tony closes his eyes, freeing himself of the weight of Steve’s pale stare, those words that come at him like a mean, quick punch to the gut. “Steve-”
Tony sighs. “That was just Pepper. It looks like there’s been a serious miscalculation with one of the orders, like in the realm of millions of dollars. I need to go down to SI and sort things out.”
“You’re good with them. You do everything with them. You take them to all of their after-school activities; you drop them at school, and you’re always there to pick them up. You go to every single event, every recital, every class. You fix up their hair just before they get into the car. They listen to every word you say. You’d die for them, wouldn’t you?”
Tony uses the hand that was gripping the arm of the sofa to fish underneath the base, and with a short, thin noise of triumph, he retrieves a small bottle of lube, which he presses into Steve’s hand, almost breathless with anticipation.
,” he snaps, going on without missing a beat. “I have never looked you like you were a piece of meat, Steve. I have thought of you as having uses or novelties. I just wanted
“Ah, well, I brought Chinese food, because your Daddy told me that you guys really like Chinese food,” Natasha says, conspiratorially.
Tony knows why he adopted the gentle voice – because Tony has been so singularly reticent about talking about what happened on Titan.
“Such a child,” Tony clucks his tongue. “And would you calm down? It’s going to taste like a cinnamon roll when he’s done. It’s good oatmeal.”
“So, I have something to tell you,” she says, haltingly, taking a seat on the couch opposite him and toeing off her heels so that she can fold her legs underneath her body.
her, again and again, you didn’t stop when she asked you to, that you hit her in front of her best friend, because you finally lost control of your good guy shtick, and you beat her up so bad that she ended up in hospital, with bruises all over her body and broken bones and a dislocated fuckin’
“Things sort of devolve from there. We don’t… talk much anymore; we don’t spend much time together. He leaves super early in the morning and doesn’t come home until it’s midnight. We’re definitely not having sex. He runs to catch every single phone call like he’s scared I’ll listen in. Once I did, and he was having a very suspicious conversation with the redhead about having to go away and how I couldn’t know what was going on. And then, she shows up at my door, with takeout, telling me that Steve can’t make it away from the office, and that she wants to help me with my marriage.”
His glance rests momentarily on a large, heavy metal door halfway down one wall toward the settlement, bearing the words in German.
Strong hands grasp Tony by the shoulders, and for a moment, Tony believes it to be his alpha, remembering the way that Lord Steven had held him at their bonding ceremony, but then, he looks up at that sly smile, and he realises that it’s Grant Rogers looking down at him.
“So, from what you’ve both told me, you’re in love with this person that goes by James for Tony and by Bucky for Steve, and that he used to be the Winter Soldier. Is that correct?”
But as much as America hates coloured people in general, they hate coloured omegas more, and so, Tony, despite being his sire’s only child, will never be allowed to stand at the head of Stark Industries.
“Because of my lived experience,” Tony says, grimly. “Leave it alone. They won’t change. The only reason they let me through those doors is because I’m a Stark, and I’m with you. Otherwise, they would’ve been very polite in saying that my kind isn’t welcome here.”
Steve turns to him, and it’s just them in the lift. Tony has to crane his neck to catch Steve’s eyes, but he doesn’t mind it; the rest of Steve is equally beautiful as his face, and honestly, he’d liked Steve even before the serum, had been slick for him all this time.
Dust is billowing out of the mine tunnel at a rapid rate, choking up the air, and then, the clouds turn grey, matted, swollen and thick, the heat-haze fading almost rapidly, as if a switch had been turned on.
Tony shakes his head. He peers at Peggy. “Agent Carter, if we’re trying to avoid the reprisal that we’re undoubtedly going to get when we return to the camp, how about a bit of a stop-over? Say Lucerne, late-night fondue?”
Steve looks earnest, the kind of the way that white All-American Boys are automatically believed. “Listen, sir, this is serious. Tony had a nightmare about Nat being in danger, or something,” he falters, “and so he thinks–”
These men, and the ones who came before them, had the audacity to steal a symbol that means prosperity and good luck, and they wear it so shamelessly on their breast as they do abominable, evil things to people who happened to not be born blonde-haired and blue-eyed and fair-skinned.
“Tony, normally, when we’re having sex, I like you talking, but right now, it’s really, really killing the mood. Can you just shut up and make out with me?” Steve says, frustration bleeding through his voice.
“And you all loved to play with him. Tony, you… you loved him so much,” she chokes out, “but sometimes evil hides behind a smile. You were… you were only five, and Jarvis was helping you get ready, and he saw,” she clears her throat, “he saw scratch marks on your back, four of them, long, bloody.”
Tony grips his shoulders. “I can take care of myself,” he soothes. “And Steve isn’t a monster. He wouldn’t… he wouldn’t hurt me. He loves me.”
“It’s what people do, when they find something that’s more important than the family that they’ve already got,” Tony drawls.
He feels like a newlywed, like they’re still on their honeymoon, and when Steve pulls back, there’s a certain, smug edge to the way that Steve observes him, like he was trying to prove a point and succeeded.
“God, this is perfect,” Tony groans, as the incessant, relentless drag against his prostate makes his fingers and toes curl. “I think I’m going to die.”
Toni snorts. “Oh, yeah, because I’m sure DUM-E’s going to have a field day with the fact that your two best friends are getting married to each other.” She pauses. “Actually, scratch that, because he probably will.”
Tony slides his hand into his hair, dragging him down for a firm kiss that makes his lungs ache with the effort.
for once in my life, as much as I could remember of it, and so, I stayed away from you as much as I could. I tried to be your friend, your protector, your sounding board, but never anything more, and you accepted it. You didn’t push. I knew… I knew you’d never push. Rhodey told me that.”
Tony shrugs. “There are very few things that an omega like me can busy his time with, Steve,” he demurs. “I can assure that the things that I do enjoy doing are not things that you would ever approve of.”
Howard stares at Maushmi, deeply, before sighing and nodding. He directs a glower at Tony, who hardly dares hope.
Steve chuckles and surges up to his waist, hands falling to Tony’s thin hips. “It’s perfect,” he murmurs. “
“After all these years, it is most considerate of you to aid me in this way,” Rumlow drawls. He looks at Tony with those dark eyes of his. “I only wish I could have kept you,
He even comes out in the field, in a remodelled outfit, still chucking the shield and beating up the bad guys, just without lifting tanks over his head or carrying girls on motorcycles – people don’t like it at first; in fact, there’s a whole petition demanding that Steve hand the shield over to someone else, that the government step in and end this ‘farce’ in case their enemies start laughing at their not-so-fearsome symbol of truth, justice and the American way; this sets Steve back a little, the surge of hatred that he experiences, until Tony reminds him that America was already ridiculous long before he came along, and frankly, he’s the only one giving the country any kind of class nowadays.
And then, all hell breaks loose, with evil Nazis, innocent shoppers, baskets of fruit, and tables of flowers flying every which way in the constricted space.
“Okay, then,” Steve climbs to his feet, uncaring whether his cock is hanging out of his slacks. “Get on the bed,” he says, his voice brooking no argument.
They come around another corner and begin a walk through a maze of chambers that present for their inspection.
Tony slips the photo out of the sleeve, turning it around, to see Sarah’s writing, neat block letters in black ink.
His eyes snap open, and he’s lying in the bed, sweat all over his face, dripping from his feet, staring around the room like a cornered animal in the middle of the bed. The room is a wreck, and Tony realises quickly that
He lands on the carpet beside Wanda, beside James, who’s busy checking her pulse. Wanda is lying face down, her eyes closed, a streak of blood dripping from hairline to chin, and he’s almost scared to touch her, almost scared just in case that if he touches her, he’ll find her cold, and she’ll be dead, sweet, kind, firm Wanda.
The next day, Tony and Steve are walking through the streets of Gandhi Bazaar, while Bhim promises to talk to his contacts at the dig, find out more about what the Nazis are planning.
Steve smooths his hand over his hair, and Tony feels something loosening in his chest. Steve releases him and moves onto his brother, clasping hands with him.
Tony nods. “We went out for lunch afterwards, at this little café on the same street, and I got a call. It was from James. SHIELD was actively following me, this redheaded woman. Natasha, the woman that I think Steve is sleeping with, it was her who was following him, because she’s not the receptionist at his insurance company. And apparently, they’d bugged his place.”
“Really,” Natasha sighs and climbs onto the couch, so that she can snuggle up against Pepper’s side.
Tony quickly checks the desk drawers, as Steve scans the bookshelf, pokes his head into the coat closet.
