this, yet this knowledge didn’t ease the frustration that welled up inside of him every time John had to leave hi- the case- for work.
He jumped when he felt hands on his shoulders. Blinking, he refocused on the room and found John behind him, easing the damp Bellstaf off of Sherlock’s shoulders.
“Patrick,” Sherlock said, smiling back and getting to his feet.
Sherlcok’s lips met his, softly, gently, and John could feel his own hesitance reflected in the way Sherlock kept the kiss chaste.
This was really getting ridiculous. Sherlock growled this time, as John shot him a smile tinged with disappointment and left their current client’s house for the nearest tube station. He was leaving Sherlock on a case.
Here was the problem; Sherlock Holmes was completely and irrevocably in love with John Watson, and- and it wasn’t a problem at all.
They kissed and kissed. John’s fingers found their way into Sherlock’s hair, and the sensation of those lush curls winding around his fingers felt a hell of a lot better than he thought it would.
John cut those thoughts off as he climbed out of bed and grabbed his cane. Those thoughts were useless now. Sherlock was dead. He wasn’t coming back, it was over. His only hope was that wherever the mad bastard was, he knew John loved him.
As they chatted he observed his old friend. She still had the same high cheek bones and curly hair, though the frizz he remembered had been tamed into styled curls and the cheekbones she’d complained about in the past, insisting they made her face horse-like, were emphasized with some sort of shiny make up. Aashriya had aged too, just as John had. There were lines at the corners of her eyes and mouth, and a bit of grey at the temples, but it suited her. All in all, she was just as lovely as John remembered, the tempered, mature version of the girl he’d known so long ago, with the same dry sense of humor he loved.
them to visit.” He took a sip of tea, “Also, Mycroft is not scary in the slightest.”
“How could you be so-
“I would have gone to the police,” Aashriya continued, “But Renee won’t let me, she refuses to believe someone from her family could be hurting her. I-I would go on my own, but I don’t have any proof.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Could you run down and hail a cab, Sherlock? I just need to put my shoes on and then we can go,” John called from their room.
He sighed again and turned back to Lestrade, who was smiling knowingly at him for some reason, before launching into an explanation of what he’d discovered so far.
John started panting harder above him, and his thighs began to tense. His hands slid to Sherlock’s jaw and pulled the detective off with a wet pop. Sherlock went willingly, pumping his hand faster over John’s cock and staring at John in wonder.
Despite the easiness of her laughter, and her put together appearance, John though Aashriya looked tired. There were dark circles under her eyes and weary look in them in moments between her words. He was still debating if he should ask her if she was all right, when Harry slid back into her seat, shoving a latte towards John. He hated lattes.
“About the oven yes. The love confession, no.” He stole another kiss. “And I did tell you about the temperature gauge, but you were probably off thinking.”
“Your turn now, Sherlock.” With that he leaned down for a scorching kiss that had Sherlock rutting against John in no time.
Sherlock grinned, “I’m...excited,” he said, as if testing out the word. “I’m excited for this. For
John snapped back to himself and shook Ajay’s hand.
As if summoned, Lestrade called the next day with a murder and linked kidnaping. It was a four at best, but he was desperate. The conditions weren’t quite what he’d had in mind for his declaration, it was pouring with rain, but John looked egger so off they went.
Standing up with a stretch, John shut the book and tucked it into his bag, a walk to the marina on his mind. Plus, there was supposed to be a pub near there that served good fare, according to Mike.
John, please
“Hello, dear,” she said with a smile. “How can I help you?”
“Why would John want your old stuffy?” his mother asked. Apart from no interest in small talk, he’d also gotten his bluntness from her as well.
It was a week after the massage incident and Sherlock had been climbing the walls. His libido, which had always been on the average side, had gone into over drive. The new data of John’s moans and his praise took a starring role in Sherlock’s showers now. Luckily John hadn’t noticed, unfortunately this meant he had no qualms about walking around the flat in his vest or- God help him- shirtless. Sherlock had perfected the art of hiding his arousal beneath pillows, and whatever else was on hand.  Just as he felt he’d either need to confront John or go mad, Lestrade had called with a case.
John gave him a quick kiss and released him. Sherlock hands immediately went to jacket button, wanting to get rid of his clothes as quickly as possible. John hands slid around his own and stopped him.
“You were mesmerizing, love.”
Sherlock stayed by his side the entire time, his eyes glued to whichever part of John was being worked on and worry etched into every line of his face. Now the detective was pacing next to John’s bed, his hands clasped tightly behind his back.
“She got lucky, it’s the last seat on an international to Prague. The flight leaves in an hour!”
John’s eyes softened and he leaned down for a kiss, using his clean hand to brace himself on the mattress. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s shoulders, cradling the back of John’s head with one hand. He let out a squeak as he felt a lubed finger glide over his hole.
That defiantly meant it was serious, the last time Harry had looked like that was at Sherlock’s funer-
This was his future and damn it he was excited. Well and truly excited, because now- now he could spend it all with Sherlock Holmes.
“Right in one,” he said, turning away from the window and finally curling his fingers around Sherlock’s.
“It’s because you mattered!” Sherlock roared, his voice echoing through the flat. “It’s because you matter the most! Mycroft can take care of himself and his resources were valuable to the operation. Molly- Molly spent her entire time with Moriarty being under estimated. He would have never thought I’d use her in a plan, let alone once against him. The homeless network, they-they know how to fly under the radar. They’re off the books, hard to track. All of them-
Sherlock huddled back closer to John, a smile on his face and his body warm and sated. As he drifted off he couldn’t help but be thankful that John had decided to take up boxing.
grateful for when John turned his back to him and began swinging his arms at shoulder level, loosening up the muscles and causing them to flex and ripple in a way that made Sherlock’s cheeks burn.
“Oh!” Lestrade’s eyes widened as realization dawned.
His hand was tight around his phone when it started ringing. John felt his stomach drop into his shoes, and he stopped dead on the pavement. A woman behind him ran right into him and swore under her breath, as the two of them stumbled. John mumbled an absent-minded apology, his eyes glued to his phone. He slowly turned it over to see the cracked screen, and relief flooded through his veins when he saw Harry’s name flashing across the screen.
Things had started out well. He’d cleared the table in the living room, set it, and gotten a fire going. The silverware that had been a house warming gift from mummy had finally been taken out of the box. Mrs. Hudson had lent him a tablecloth and her best china with a solemn promise it would all be returned in one piece and body part free.
“I had my own too, you know. A dragon like that. Different colours, but the same.” Sherlock left out the fact he still had it. He didn’t want to rub his own indulged childhood in John’s face.
John let out a strained laugh and suddenly Sherlock was thoroughly fed up of playing pretend.
He let out a ragged cry as John’s lips closed over his nipple, the delicate flick of his tongue a delicious counter point to the firm thrust of his fingers. Sherlock’s skin was on fire, white sparks dancing behind his eye lids as John tormented him in the best possible way. His pleasure notched higher and higher which each glide over his prostate and lick to his nipple, but his orgasm sat tauntingly out of reach. He was so,
“I can take it from here John, thanks” Greg said, his smile fading when he took in John’s expression. “You okay mate?”
Sherlock felt his smile widen.
“The things you do to me John,” Sherlock rumbled, pulling John down for another kiss. When they parted both men’ s eyes were impossibly soft.
He made to pull John to him, but John resisted.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock whispered, turning back to John.
Shock coursed through John, freezing him solid. It was immediately followed by a bone deep feeling that this was absolutely bloody
When they parted John’s eyes were bright and his smiled was warm.
“Mummy!”
John could kiss that smile now.
Soon his life became a whirl wind of blood, fighting and drowning in the adrenaline of stopping a comrade’s bleeding while under fire.
He had just gotten out of the surgery and checked Sherlock’s latest row of texts, debating if he should respond. John knew he couldn’t ignore the man forever, and the last thing he wanted was another surprise visit form Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded, “He was a witness I interviewed who...caught my attention so to speak.” He threw in a jovial winnk for good measure. People liked when he winked.
“N-no John.” Sherlock gasped, twisting to look at him.
John gently cupped Sherlock’s face in his hands and kissed him softly. “Take your time, alright love? We have all the time in the world.”
John stood before him, dripping wet and wearing nothing but a towel.
“Sherlock, I asked you a
Sighing in frustration, Sherlock made his way up the stairs of 221b. The body parts hadn’t been as interesting as he thought. Even worse, Molly had called in sick, leaving Sherlock to deal with some soppy replacement pathologist who kept making eyes at him, and wouldn’t even let him into the chemical cupboard.
“Come here Sherlock,” John said softly, gently tugging on Sherlock’s wrist.
Have mercy!”
After that chilly afternoon when they first met, he had only caught glimpses of Aashriya. He felt bad about his reaction. Yes, he said no alphas, but he still felt like an arse. He wanted to apologize. Just because he didn’t associate with alphas didn’t mean he had to be rude to every single one he met.
He plunked the cups hard onto his desk and sat in his desk chair, arms crossed and glare ready. Sherlock hesitantly took a cup and looked around the room, before sinking onto John’s bed, sitting stiffly.
“It clearly meant something to you. So no, it’s not silly.”
John kissed that little smile wider.
“I’m an accountant. You’re-
He immediately spotted John’s sandy coloured wolf merrily sniffing at the cluster of wolves around him. John had the wolf approximation of a smile on his face as he sniffed behind the wolf Sherlock assumed was Carlotta due to its small size. A glossy black wolf approached and lightly bumped her nose against his hand.
Sherlock’s eyes flew open in shock. His
Together they continued opening presents, but Sherlock felt entirely different. John loved him. John loved
“Thank you Lestrade. I’ll be going now.”
“Mycroft, Molly,” Sherlock whispered, after a beat of silence that made John want to scream.
A soft gasp came from the kitchen as Sherlock focused on making things look realistic; shutting his eyes and tilting his head. They kept it chaste, just a press of lips on lips, perfectly appropriate  for a hello kiss between new boyfriends.
John burst into laughter and Sherlock felt himself go red.
John had had enough. He strode past Sherlock and yanked the door open, angrily gesturing for Sherlock to leave. He could feel Sherlock’s gaze on him, though he resolutely kept his eyes focused dead ahead. Without another word, Sherlock walked out the door, the scarf still clutched tightly in his hand.
! And don’t give me that shit about it not being safe! You now damn well I can take care of myself!”
Please tell me if you enjoyed it!
Sherlock felt a flush spread over his face and down his chest. He’d thought he had a good body before he’d met John, not out of arrogance, just pure fact. But with John looking at him like that, as if Sherlock was something to eat, he felt like preening for the first time in his life.
Sherlock hummed and cuddled John closer. His fingers traced over the muscles of John’s back, enjoying the feel of the hard, compact body on top of his. John propped himself up on Sherlock’s chest and pressed a kiss to the detective’s lips.
Sherlock’s eyes glowed and he pulled John close again
“I would love to stay and chat but my lunch hour is nearly up and it’s a twenty-minute cab ride back to the office.
John laughed and Sherlock joined in with giggles of his own as they entered the restaurant.
John nodded, he was smiling but his eyes were full of sorrow. It hurt Sherlock to see it, but he didn’t have the time to probe John’s complex moods right now. And if he was being totally honest with himself, he didn’t want to. He was tired and angry, and he just wanted to get back to work.
“Well,” he said his eyes going distant with memory, “I believe the best place to start would be with how we met.”
Ajay kissed back, one hand sliding onto Sherlock’s shoulder. Pulling away slowly, Sherlock made sure to maintain eye contact and give Ajay a warm smile. He knew how to act and apparently so did Ajay. The man smiled back at him, and gently ran his fingers through the curls at the base of Sherlock’s skull.
“Headache and dehydrated,” he mumbled.
“Sherlock?” John’s voice was tentative, “Why is there an application for a joint bank account open here?”
As he’d predicted, he'd gotten maybe two hours sleep last night, so he’d put his time to use and began researching everyone linked to Rosamond Walters he found in the files. He’d had a list of people he wanted to talk to. Number one being Ajay and Mary’s former handler, Anthony Hopkins.
Christmas crawled closer and the work dried up. It always did around Christmas, apparently even criminals took time off to put up their trees and drown in eggnog. As with every Christmas, the tree was put up, tinsel hung and Christmas lights untangled. Usually Sherlock would pretend to have an important experiment to get out doing the work, but this year something was different. He actually had
“Shall we open the rest?” John asked, “Mycroft’s look suspiciously like a fruit cake.”
John was staring at him, brow furrowed. “I help you Sherlock, but you’re the detective. I just help out where I can and write them up.”
“He would send us something that odious. Wouldn’t he?”
. The anxious chatter of the other patrons swirled around him. There was too much
“Are.” John licked lushly over his nipple.
The thud came again and John hurriedly got to his feet and peered over the side of the porch.
John found him himself letting out a bark of laughter as Aashriya grinned wolfishly at him and the ice broke. She kept up a steady stream of pleasant chatter, bringing John up to date on what she’d been up to, how the family was doing. She didn’t ask John much, which he was grateful for. It seemed his friend was just as perceptive as she’d been when they were younger, knowing when to press and when to hold back.
The thought of John possibly leaving again made him quake. He couldn’t go through that again, not after everything. He wouldn’t. The last time this had happened, he had stepped back. The thoughts of putting John’s happiness first, and his uncertainty over his own feelings had forced him to let John go. He wouldn’t be doing that again, not when he was sure how he felt. He would fight this time.
had to be out of the equation before Sherlock would even consider telling John anything.
“So he put up a fight did he?” Lestrade asked, as two offers carted a bleeding Minchel towards a panda car.
“I don’t want any false encouragement, thank you. If I meet any other wolves, I want it to be organic.”
. Sherlock shook his head, shivering again.
John stretched his arms over his head, making the muscles of his abdomen pull taught. That was it, Sherlock had to get to his room before he embarrassed himself and his friend. He turned to head for his room, keeping his coat on and praying John wouldn’t ask, when John’s voice stopped him.
“Alright, let's get you settled,” the same tooth aching cheer was back and John could feel his patience wearing thin.
“If he’s free.” As the words left his mouth John realized he didn’t know what the hell he was going to ask the man when he saw him.
“Do you really think that’s wise,” Sherlock snapped at the medic, “He just
John gave him another warm smile and kissed his nose.
Soon, Sherlock’s nipples were puffy and pink, and even the tiniest flick of John’s tongue hand him arching off the bed. John smirked at him and continued kissing down Sherlock’s body. Down his side and around his navel, then a few more feather light kisses around his belly button when he found out it made Sherlock giggle.
“What are
Feeling more confident, Sherlock licked a long strip up the side of John cock, before sucking the tip into his mouth. He sucked gently, testing out what pressure John liked best.
“Yes, the cabbie new just where to go,” John said as he took off his coat.
The next morning, Sherlock sat at the table in 221b. A plate of toast with a single bite missing and a full cup of coffee sat at his elbow. The coffee had long gone cold and a film had settled over the top.
Taking a deep breath, Sherlock tried to calm down. John would be here soon, and he would… would
As she got closer Sherlock could see she was mid-thirties, took personal care seriously, was fairly well off and had an office job. She was a friend of the bride and had a pet cat.
John looked
His abdomen was just as delicious from the front as it had been from the side; firm and delicately carved into symmetrical pads of muscle. And his
Her voice had changed, as John was sure his had too, but it still had that same wry lilt to it that John had found so attractive in his youth. He still liked it, but he was surprised to find it didn’t have the same effect on him as it then.
Sherlock stared at him dumbly for a moment, before digging into his pocket and pulling out his latest acquisition from Lestrade. John snapped the cuffs around Minchel’s wrists, then dug his mobile out of his pocket to call Lestrade.
They eventually had to break a part because their smiles were too wide to continue kissing.
“It’s alright John,” Sherlock said, and John could feel Sherlock’s warm breath against his ear. “Take all the time you need.”
John squeezed her and swallowed hard. This past week had been hell, and all he wanted was to go home and sort through it all in the quiet.
“No,” John said, his voice low but firm. “No summoning and no Mycroft.” He gave Sherlock a little smile. “Thank you, love, but I don’t think they’ll appreciate being dragged to the flat by magic or a scary bloke in a suit showing up on their front steps.”
They struggled for a moment, before John jabbed his opponent in the back of the knee with his own. The man stumbled and John took his chance. In no time he had the man pinned to the mat. The referee hurried over and began counting. John’s opponent was panting hard, trying to twist himself free. It was no use. The ref finished his count and John let his opponent up to a smattering of cheers from the few people standing around the ring.
Here in the daytime warmth of the cafe, it felt truly ridiculous.
“I’m alright, just need a moment.”
He made Capitan and something began to grow between him and his C.O, a clam beta with a thousand-yard stare.
in the gaps between cases. Sherlock couldn’t figure out exactly where John was going, which irked him to no end. Whenever there was a lull between cases, or a gap with in one, John would go to this
John swallowed hard and tried not to be obvious as he inhaled deeply, drinking in as much of the scent as he could. A tiny, primitive part of his brain wanted to grab Sherlock and bury his face in the man’s neck to drink up more of his scent. He silenced that stupid part of his mind and focused on the man himself.
Then a bullet tore through his shoulder and everything went to hell.
Sherlock had noticed John had gotten fit, but now he could see just
Sherlock’s huge hand came to rest on John’s shoulder as he pointed to the circled picture. “Evelyn Finn,” he said “and-
John thanked her and headed through the door, hoping he wasn’t about to embarrass himself spectacularly.
Sherlock stared at him, the room silent except for the soft voices of his roommate and visitor.
get to bite it.”
John sucked at the delicate skin under Sherlock’s ear for a moment, before replying.
“Hello?”
“You have that look in your eye. What was it?”
John nodded, trying his hardest to focus passed the colourful spots dancing before his vision. He reached out and grabbed Sherlock’s lapel,trying to steady himself.
“John!” Sherlock cried, his voice ragged. “John please!”
different. Sherlock was man and Aashriya was a woman, Sherlock was white and she was Indian. Aashriya actually cared about his wellbeing while Sherlock had left him for two years because he thought John would be a hindrance to his work and-
“And why couldn’t you have told me after? Why leave me to suffer for. TWO. YEARS!” John cried, his voice cracking.
(See the end of the chapter for
John bit his lip, his expression a mix of more emotions Sherlock thought possible for a human face to hold. It was the glimmer of hope that made Sherlock ache. He had a possible pack practically in his lap, and propriety was making him balk.
Nine hours later John and Sherlock trudged up the stairs of Baker Street, soaking wet. The case had turned into a huge disaster.
“Great! It’s just six of us, so we usually get together at my house for dinner and drinks.”
“Welcome to Carlota’s. I’m Carlota, can I help you?”
Sherlock nodded, eyes still locked on John.  John stared back, taking in the deepened wrinkles at the corners of Sherlock’s eyes and lips.
“What do you think of, I wonder?” John continued, spreading lube over his fingers meticulously. His eyes locked with Sherlock’s, “Did you think of me?”
The two men grappled for dominance, arms locked around each other as they both struggled to stay up right. Finally, John managed to tear himself free from the other man’s hold. He hooked his arm around his opponent’s body and spun him around, pressing his chest up against the man’s back, his arm curled around his collar bones. The man grunted, his body arching in John’s arms. Every single muscle in John’s arms stood out in stark relief as he held his opponent steady.
The DI was giving a him a very warm smile for some reason. Sherlock smiled hesitantly back and made for the door.
Sherlock groaned and strong arms looped around John’s waist, pulling him as close as his IV would allow. The embrace made John feel safe. Protected in a way he’d never felt in any kiss before this.
be late for.”
“I knew you’d choose that. Let’s go!” John said, smiling in return.
Keeping a hand on Ajay’s shoulder, Sherlock turned to John with a smile.
Sherlock flinched again and stared down at his lap, nervously twisting his fingers together. He wished the floor would open up and swallow him.
Finally,
to be rude but Patrick and I have plans we simply
John shot him grateful smile. There was the sound of footsteps, then Devaki was opening the door.
To John’s surprise, Sherlock’s legs drew in closer to his own, and his hands clutched at John’s shoulders.
John eyes were glittering with lust. When he caught Sherlock’s eye he grinned devilishly at him. “‘No John’, what?”
. John’s lips were warm and firm under his own. He pressed his lips gently against Sherlock’s over and over, until the detective was melting against him. At the first flick of John’s tongue against his mouth, Sherlock’s knees went loose. John smiled against his lips and locked his arms around Sherlock’s waist, holding him up. Sherlock’s hands dug into John’s shoulders as John’s tongue slowly glided into his mouth, and curled against his own. He kissed back with enthusiasm, whimpering as John’s tongue flicked over the back of his teeth.
“Next time you decide come, stand ring-side ok?  The view is much better.” John said, with a sly smile and a wink.
Carlotta laughed, although from her posture Sherlock could tell she had a question.
Clearly this was something Sherlock would have to bring up with John, since the man showed no signs of having figured it out for himself. Or even if he had thought of it, he probably had some notion of assumed impropriety that was preventing him from simply
“You first,” Sherlock said.
He gestured to the whiteboard where pictures of the suspects were taped. Sherlock had used red marker to connect them all, before finally circling the culprit. It had been dizzying to watch, and John was sure if he was well he would have been highly impressed, but in his current state he couldn’t muster the energy to follow any of it.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “Do you usually keep things form me as a test?”
“Listen Sherlock-
Ajay was sprawled in John’s chair, every bit of the plumby boyfriend gone.
decorating, not that he would ever admit it. He tried to cover by grumbling and groaning as usual, but something about the way John looked at him made Sherlock think his ruse wasn’t entirely successful.
The beta clerk behind the counter gave him a knowing, if slightly pitying smile. She’d recognized him from the blog the first time he came in and complimented him on it, before emphatically telling him she didn’t believe Sherlock was a fraud at all. John made it a point to get his flowers from here just for that.
Oh no.
Sherlock felt a little smile cross his face. He liked this woman already.
This one was edged with everything they haddn’t said. There was a desperation in it that John slowly soothed with his own mouth, trying to reassure and calm the man who held him so close.
Boxing, John had been learning to
“Angelo, get all these people out of here,” Sherlock growled, his eyes never leaving John’s face. His voice softened, “Come on John, breathe with me, nice and slow.”
John chuckled against his chest and licked his way to Sherlock’s mouth for a kiss.
for him, and now someone else had the audacity to get in the way. Sherlock scrubbed a hand over his eyes, and rolled onto his back. What was he supposed to do now?
Seeing John with her was hard enough. He didn’t need details.
Devaki winked and she and John both chuckled.
The noise of the telly greeted Sherlock when he got back to Baker street. Sherlock pushed through the door and smiled at what he saw. John was asleep on the couch, curled in on himself. An action movie danced on the screen behind him, throwing colours onto John’s face. Sherlock quickly slipped off his coat and gloves and sat gingerly on the free end of the couch. He gently stroked a hand through John’s hair, scratching slightly behind his ears until John began to stir.
John gestured vaguely to his arse and Carlotta gasped as the rest of the room erupted into laughter.
His speech was careful, as if he wasn’t used to forming words. However his pronunciation was perfectly crisp.
“Do you want to wait for the tea? Or?” John nodded towards the tree where a small pile of presents sat waiting for them.
Sherlock froze for a moment, before he was pulling John closer and kissing him back. John smiled into the kiss and cupped Sherlock’s face gently, trying to put everything he was feeling into it. Sherlock’s lips were soft under his own, and John kept the kiss light and sweet, wanting to keep the moment gentle.
He sighed quietly. Now wasn’t the time to think about this, he
“How can I say no to such pretty pleading?” John said, the smirk in his voice obvious. Then he was sliding down Sherlock’s body again.
“When I was fourteen, my dad threw him out. Said it should be girls in my bed instead,” John let out a breath, “Said only faggots had stuffed toys anyway.”
stepped forward, dislodging Sherlock’s hands.
John was panting slightly, much more than he normally would after he ran up the stairs. His hair was deliciously rumpled, and wet with sweat at the base of his neck and temples. His face was flushed, but it was the expression on John’s face that really took Sherlock’s breath away. John’s eyes were sparkling with exhilaration, and a wide smile covered his face.
“Sherlock Holmes. Mage,” he said, wanting the interaction to go as smooth as possible. This was for John.
“Handcuffs?” he asked, holding out his hand to Sherlock.
Sherlock gasped and let out a long moan as he came all over his stomach, his brain whiting out in pleasure. He worked himself through it, panting hard as he thought about John hovering over him, smiling roguishly. With one last ragged gasp he dropped back onto the mattress and opened his eyes.
“Hum, yes. Rosie had a cold.”
“She sure is something,” John said, sounding slightly awed as the door shut behind Devaki.
“Open mine next,” Sherlock said, deciding to throw caution to the wind.
He pried his eyes open and came face to face with Sherlock peering anxiously down at him.
Sherlock moaned and thrust up harder against his hand. John crouched over him, his lips fastened around Sherlock’s nipple, his tongue flicking over the nub. One of John’s small, strong hands was hard on his hip, while the other was clamped tightly around Sherlock’s wrist, pinning it above his head. Sherlock moaned and struggled against John’s hold. Not because he wanted to get away, but because he wanted to feel John’s strength holding him in place.
Greg nodded. “We’ll need you two to come in for official statements, but that can wait until tomorrow. It’s late.”
Footsteps approached  and then a young medic was crouched in front of him.
Sherlock reached down to help John to his feet. John ignored him, and rose shakily to his feet, grabbing his cane. He saw Sherlock’s eyes widen at the sight of the metal pole clutched in John’s fist, and John bristled.
“Sherlock,” John said, his voice low, “Who. Else. Knew?”
blog, and you do more than just
John smiled at him, and lightly rubbed his thumb over Sherlock’s cheek bone. Sherlock could only stare at him, stunned. In John’s eyes he could see- he could see
Sherlock felt knowing that John would always be at his side for the work.
Sherlock’s eyes snapped wide open against John’s neck. He leaned up and pressed a hard kiss to the doctor’s lips.
Sherlock nodded as Ajay took another sip, readying himself to delve into the past.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock’s tongue darted out to wet his lips. He swallowed hard as he drank in the deep grooves that ran from John’s hipbones and disappeared under the
advice?”
“It was too dangerous! It was bad enough Molly kn-
Ajay flicked a glance at the kitchen door and winked at Sherlock. ‘Show time’ he mouthed before fixing a friendly smile onto his face.
“Police step back!” he heard Lestrade shout to the crowd gathering around. He jumped when the man’s hand came down on his shoulder. Greg hadn’t sounded so close…
They were silent for a beat, then John felt a warm hand curl over his and give it a squeeze. John looked up and Aashriya gave him a tiny smile.
Luckily for Sherlock, John hadn’t seen him yet. He stood in place, fists curled in close to his chin. As Sherlock watched in rapture, John jabbed his fists forward sharply, executing a series of perfectly controlled punches.
His words were cut off as John swooped down and sucked hard at the other nub. Taking it into his mouth and working it with his tongue. Sherlock’s hands flew to the back of John’s head, tangling in John’s hair and encouraging his movements. John bared his teeth and Sherlock nearly levitated off the bed as the doctor tugged lightly at his nipple, before soothing it with lavish licks.
Sherlock grinned up at him, adding a twist on the up stroke that had John moaning. “We’ve plenty of time John,” he said, with a kiss and flick to the tip of John cock.
. Perfect. Sherlock sat up from his position on the couch and ruffled his hair. John smiled brightly at him as he entered the flat, and took off his coat.
The breath froze in Sherlock’s lungs. Here was John,
“Sherlock?” John said, poking his head out of the kitchen, brushing biscuit crumbs from his lower lip.
Luckily, his gaze was still on Ajay so the heat in his expression wouldn’t look odd. Ajay was handing John a cup, but at a squeeze of Sherlock’s fingers he turned to him with a smile. The smile turned slightly salacious in response to the heat in Sherlock’s expression, a lip sliding between Ajay’s white teeth.
Sherlock’s mouth felt like cotton wool as he stared at John, mesmerized by the bunch and flex of his muscles as he propelled his body up and down with ease.
,” Sherlock said, lurching toward him.
Sherlock blinked at him.
Sherlock cut that train of thought off before it could torture him further.
The hope was strong in John’s eyes now. “No, no. I’ll do it. Don’t want you feeling like my secretary.”
He gently took John’s shoulders in his hands, bending his knees to peer into John’s eyes. “Now do you see why?”
Sherlock nodded, swallowing hard. He’d said all he could for sure this time, now it was up to John.
. This thing within Sherlock, that had been within him for years, and was fighting to be voiced. And Sherlock was terrified.
“Me? Well, I’m human.”
“No more pacing yeah?” John said kindly, giving Sherlock a warm smile.
By the time the office door swung shut behind Sherlock, John’s blood was boiling.
“Can you tell me what symptoms she has, and why you think it’s unnatural?” he asked, his doctor brain kicking into gear.
“I know. So I went looking.”
“You’ve been wearing it.”
“Is this the dragon we saw in the shop?”
“No, it’s fine,” Aashriya said, shooting Harry a look, “Now’s not the best time considering what- what happened.”
“No, not good.
There was a pause before Sherlock answered. “I’m coming to see you.”
He needed- he needed- he needed more data on this mystery man. He couldn’t fight someone for John without knowing anything about the man. In the mean time he’d need to show John he would be a better romantic partner than whoever
“Are you sure this trip is necessary?” John grumbled, as Nathan settled him onto the stretcher, and began checking his vitals.
“So here I am again,” he said ruefully to the headstone. “It’s almost two years to the day you know.”
Something stopped the detective short.
John shrugged and Sherlock let the matter rest. When the full moon was coming it wasn’t the right time to ask John any probing questions. Finishing the last of his tea, Sherlock got to his feet and straightened his dressing gown.
Sherlock eyes were warmer than John had ever seen them, his lips quirked in that little odd smile of his.
John nodded, and suddenly pulled Sherlock into deep kiss.
They were slowly closing the distance between Finn and themselves when Sherlock let out a sharp cry as he crashed into a tired looking woman dragging a duffel bag behind her.
Like many first times it was awkward, but the giggling and sheer affection they held for each other made it fun. The pride he felt as Aashriya shook and cried out below him made it even better, and he saw that same wicked grin as he came apart himself. It was amazing, better than he could have ever imagined, and certainly better than wanking.
“Hello mummy.”
Sherlock smiled honestly at this. Now that was good; Ajay was establishing that he was close to Sherlock by comfortably playing host in Sherlock’s flat. It would sell the boyfriend act perfectly. He sank into his own chair and gestured for John, who was still standing and looking stunned, to sit in his.
Devaki nodded and ran off after John, joining in the noise.
Sherlock nodded and turned to go.
“I have your table already John, nice and private,” Angelo said, beaming.
Lestrade was through with his call. He put down the receiver with a clang and sighed, scrubbing his hands over his face. Cleary he’d been talking to someone irritating. It must have been Anderson.
Sherlock grinned and flicked off the kettle.
“What about here, hum?” John husked, his mouth hovering over Sherlock’s left nipple, his warm breath ghosting over the nub.
Pressing a kiss to the corner of Sherlock’s mouth, John sat back and grabbed a pillow.
The chapters ahead are going to be fun, stay tuned!
“Sherlock, I love it,” John swallowed, his fingers still on Sherlock’s face. “Thank you.”
“What about here?” John purred, kissing down the column of his throat. Sherlock shook his head again, moaning as John’s hands began working on the buttons of his shirt. Soon the shirt was a puddle of purple silk behind them and John’s hands were skating up Sherlock’s sides, making him shake in pleasure.
Thank you to everyone who read, bookmarked, commented, left kudos and subscribed! Everyone meant the word to me! Next up I have an alpha/omega johnlock fic in the works!
It looked like that wasn’t to be.
There was a beat of silence on the line.
“That’s why I couldn’t tell you!” Sherlock shouted, tugging at his hair. “If I had told you-
John growled in his head.
. Not
“He will. He doesn’t even know I went looking. I couldn’t risk disappointing him if I turned up nothing.”
“Before or after you saw me boxing?” John asked, with a mischievous grin.
“I’m glad you enjoyed it.” John replied, his words muffled where he was pressed against Sherlock’s neck.
“Janine, the woman you pretended to date. Is this for a case?”
John’s tongue slowly circled the nub, before lapping over the entire thing. Sherlock cried out in pleasure as he hung onto John for dear life. His doctor’s arms were tight around his waist, the muscles flexing as Sherlock trembled in his arms.
Soon, Mrs Hudson and John were heading out on shopping trips and sneaking into the flat with bags they promptly hid. Sherlock had gotten most of his shopping done already; a new teapot for Mrs Hudson, a travel mug for Greg and his and her watches for his parents. For Mycroft he’d bought a voucher for a high end dessert place. Now, all that was left was a gift for John.
“John?” Sherlock said tentatively as John’s hand slid over his on the bottle.
“Yes John,” Sherlock said, as he smiled at him and kissed him again, before pulling back and eyeing John’s cock.
“Please just-
“Have you got all of that?” he asked the DI.
The most important one to him for reasons he wasn’t going to analyse.
Sherlock stared at him a moment, before looking away again. John brushed his thumb over Sherlock’s knuckles, trying to sooth him.
An old friend? That brought John up short. Who the hell could that be? It couldn’t be any of his old army mates. They knew of Harry, but wouldn’t approach her out of the blue. He wasn’t in touch with any one from uni, except Mike for the occasional pint, which hadn’t happened in months. Maybe it was one of their friends from Secondary school? John suddenly went cold, what if it was
“It’s just my-
(See the end of the chapter for
The box inside was flat and made of smooth cream cardboard. More excited than he was willing to admit, Sherlock pulled the top off. Inside was a pair of beautiful leather gloves.
I promise the next chapter will be complete and total smut from start to finish! I hope you enjoyed!
“Oh good, that’s mine you’ve got there,” John said, “I hope you like it.”
John turned to him, eyes warm, “Thank you so much for finding her, love. Thank you.” He pulled Sherlock into a hard hug, tucking his face into the crook of Sherlock’s neck.
John and Aashriya looked at each other a moment, the awkwardness thick between them. John swallowed and gazed around at the other people, trying to think of something to say to break the awkward silence. The chatter and clinking of coffee cups and cutlery seemed unusually loud. He tried to remember why he thought coming would be a good idea.
As he watched, John finished his warm ups and headed for the ring. A very tall, equally well built
“Lovely,” John said, looking impressed, and Sherlock would be lying if he said he wasn’t impressed himself.
Although John’s tone was soft, and not the least bit angry or cruel, Sherlock still flinched and looked away. He rubbed his sweaty palms on his thighs, wincing at the streaks of burnt chicken sauce they left behind.
“Aashriya needs your help with a case,” Harry cut in.
John was hitting call before he knew what he was doing.
Sherlock sighed as he walked down the pavement two weeks later. John was getting more and more despondent and it was making Sherlock worried. He’d decided to take matters into his own hands; hence the walk. His senses were cast out fully, searching for any werewolves. It was a complex spell; he wanted to know where the wolves were, but not have them know he was looking. He also didn’t want any other creatures popping up on his radar. Last time he’d cast his sense out, he’d forgotten to block properly and a ghost had lurked around Baker Street for a month.
John nodded, and Sherlock’s hands tightened.
Sherlock could care less about the other man. His eyes were riveted on John, as the man stood panting in the center of the ring. Sweat was trickling down his body, making his torso gleam in the light. Sherlock wanted to climb down and lick every bead of sweat from his body.
John gentled the movements of his mouth and hands, guiding Sherlock back to earth as he slumped back onto the mattress. His body felt rung out in the best possible way. As he came back to himself he slowly opened his eyes. John was propped on one elbow next to him, looking very pleased with himself. Sherlock smiled back lazily and yanked John on top of him, smothering the doctors face against his neck. John landed with an ‘oomph’ but Sherlock could feel him smiling against his neck.
was my soundtrack for this chapter. Try listening to it while you read for the full experience. ;)
Buckle up!
Devaki chuckled at this. “If he wants to join the pack he’ll need to speak for himself.”
“Look at me Sherlock.”
“I-I miss you. I know it’s been two years and Ella will have my arse if she knew I was here, but I am. Here that is. And- I miss you.”
“Sherlock Holmes asking me for advice. I’d better mark it on my calendar.”
“John,” Sherlock, sounded horrified.
Taking in John’s confused expression, Sherlock’s mind inexplicably turned to the little red haired girl clutching the certificate. Show time indeed.
Anticipation swirling through him, Sherlock headed off to hail a cab.
John clearing his throat gave them an excuse to look away from each other.
Angry with Sherlock for making him watch as he fell, for making John mourn for two years. Angry with Sherlock for trying to jam himself back into John’s life without giving him any recovery time. He was just so fucking
“I wanted to tell you, that I- that I love you John. I love you.”
To John’s surprise, Sherlock pulled off a glove and gently traced the bruise over John’s jaw, titling his face up to see it better. John swallowed hard, his heart and mind racing. This close, Sherlock’s scent enveloped him, making him feel comforted and safe.
John smiled his best and hooked his cane on the counter. “Is the harbormaster in?”
“This is like Janine isn’t it?” he whispered, leaning forward.
“We change on the back porch and run in the woods behind the yard,” Sasha said. “This way. Um- Sherlock would you mind waiting here until we howl?”
Before he could tell the lady he’d changed his mind, she disappeared through a door behind the counter. John considered  just turning around and leaving, but couldn’t bring himself to do such a dickish thing.
“Yes.” Sherlock said through gritted teeth.
Sherlock grinned and kissed John back, wrapping his arms around John’s waist and guiding them both back onto the couch.
“So how’s Mary?” Sherlock asked, making his voice vague as if his mind was still on Ajay.
damn it. Nines were few and far between, plus (and this was something Sherlock only recently discovered) nines felt more like twos when John wasn’t with him.
The hesitance, hope and tiny bit of fear in John’s voice was the final push Sherlock needed. He clutched the small hand in his lap between both of his and took a deep breath.
John’s eyes snapped open wide as he woke up.
He bowed mockingly at Sherlock, before lifting the pipe and advancing on him.
to see that book. A bell chimed as he entered the store and a young woman with purple hair smiled at him from behind the counter.
“And tomorrow,” another kiss.
The bookshop proved to a be a bright yellow store front tucked between a nail salon and a dry cleaners. John was debating whether to go in or follow the signs to the library, when the display in the window caught his eye.
He teased Sherlock’s rim with devastatingly light flicks of his tongue, alternated with deep sucking kisses. The lewd, wet noises filled the room, as John broke him to bits with nothing but his tongue. Sherlock was going to lose his mind; he was sure of it. No one could be soaked in pleasure for this long and emerged unscathed. It wasn’t possible.
Gathering up his abandoned robe, coffee and toast he flung the first into his bedroom and the latter two into the kitchen sink. Back in the living room he tore down the few megar bits of information he’d taped to the wall. It was flirting with disaster to put them up when John might design to visit him. He didn’t know what he’d been thinking last night.
“Devaki, werewolf,” she shook Sherlock’s offered hand, stilling looking cautious.
One accidental meeting with Mike, seeing a messy flat, and shooting a cabby later, John found himself at dinner with a mad alpha with the most gorgeous cheek bones. Sherlock’s scent was amazing, a mix of freshly fallen rain, with an un-namable crispness to it, all which was underscored with a rich, chocolaty undertone. John had noticed the amazing scent as they sat in Angelo’s. He flirted, of course he had, only to be shot down. If Sherlock said he was married to his work John wasn’t going to push. He liked the man, and wanted to move into 221b. Friendship would be enough.
“Excellent choice John. We just got these in this morning.”
. He’d been making John tea, he’d done the shopping, he had even gone to the pub with John and Lestrade, and suffered through an evening of knowing looks for the DI. He didn’t dare tell John how he felt as yet
“Do sit down John, I’ll fix us all tea,” Ajay said, gesturing for John to sit and then bustling into the kitchen himself.
him like this, but he trusted John more than anyone. John was- his thoughts abruptly went off the rails as John licked him from balls to coccyx.
Today John seemed more distracted than usual. Gazing morosely out of the window and sighing softly every so often. Sherlock waved his fingers over John’s cup of cold tea, a moment later steam rose from the surface. He brushed spell warm fingers over the back of John’s hand to get his attention.
John swallowed hard, blinking against the pricking in his eyes. He inhaled sharply, trying to remember Sherlock’s scent. He lived in constant terror that he’d forget that mix of chocolate and crispness that made him weak in the knees. He had a few of Sherlock’s shirts and a scarves, but Sherlock’s scent had long since faded.
Everything went black.
Silence.
“Come in,” he croaked, wondering why Mike was bothering to wake him up.
He blinked hard and started picking up carrots. The vegetables had spread far and wide over the kitchen floor, while the chicken was a black, smoking lump. Suddenly, he heard the street door slam. John was home early!
,” the sound of traffic came through the line, “I’m almost there, please let me explain.”
“Sherlock? Sherlock are you alright?”
“Thank you, I- so you’re Sherlock’s-”
Sherlock shot to his feet, his own face flushed with anger. “Of course, that’s not why!” Sherlock hissed, his words coming out machine gun fast as he got angrier, “If you really think that your secondary gender makes a difference then you mind must have gone soft while I was go-
“Oh right, yeah.”
“Devaki.”
“Oh,” John looked a little stunned, “For a case?”
Sherlock burrowed his head against John’s shoulder and shut his eyes. “It’s only four in the afternoon, John. We’re getting old.”
One foot chase, a confrontation and a gunshot later, and Argos had fallen to the ground dead. His daughter still in his arms.
” God, the things this man did to him!
Sherlock gasped, his head falling back as John’s lips closed over his nipple, flicking it with his tongue. His hands clawed into John’s shoulders. He knew his nipples were sensitive, but this- this was something else entirely. No one had ever- this was
I was willing to risk, but you- you John. I could never risk
The men squared of in the center of the ring, their taped hands held at chin level. Suddenly, the tattooed man feinted right and the struck out with his left fist, aiming for John’s jaw. John blocked the blow easily and dropped his left arm low, before curling it upward and punching the other man in the ribs. The man grunted and danced backward, out of John’s reach.
By the time Saturday night rolled around Sherlock was as close as he came to being fed up of John. Everything had been fine until Friday night, then John had started prepping for Saturday. He’d picked out his clothes, which Sherlock teased him over until John threw him out of the bedroom until her was done. Saturday had come and John had washed his hair and shaved as carefully as Sherlock had ever seen him.
“Lestrade!” he snapped.
“Ready for more, love?” John whispered against his lips.
Sherlock followed the motion of John’s hands, wiggling his tongue along the underside of his cock. John hissed above him and Sherlock’s cock twitched between his own legs. He lightly ran his hands up John’s slick legs, rubbing the hair the wrong way and enjoying the feel of hard muscle under soft skin. Sherlock wrapped a hand around the base of John’s shaft and stroked upward to meet his lips. John let out a deep groan and bucked his hips making Sherlock jump slightly. It wasn’t unpleasant, just a surprise. John gasped out something that sounded like an apology, but Sherlock paid him no mind. He was having
“Easy love, easy.” John panted above him, his hands sliding into Sherlock’s hair and guiding him back gently.
“Give me your number and we can set up a place to meet,” Devaki went on, “And bring the wolf this time.”
The plan had been simple, just as Greg suggested. He knew that although John loved excitement and action, he also loved the quiet moments in between. He especially loved when these quiet moments came with a warm meal in front of the fire.  The websites had suggested that putting a homemade touch would make things more special. Combing all these facts had lead Sherlock to the conclusion that cooking John dinner, and then eating it with him in front of a roaring fire, would be the perfect setting to finally confess how he felt.
He held Sherlock’s face gently between his hands and took a moment to just look him, taking in the familiar features that were somehow made new by the shift in their relationship. Now he could kiss those eyelids, that nose, those cheekbones…
Before turning around and heading to the bathroom. Sherlock gaped after him for a few moments, too aroused and in love and
Sherlock swallowed and took in the rest of John’s position. The doctor was next to their living room table, one hand planed on the ground and the other clenched in a fist at the small of his back. The pose pushed the muscles of his arms into stark relief, allowing Sherlock to see every taught tendon pressed up against John’s skin. Each up and down movement caused John’s shoulder and back muscles to ripple and flex in a way that made Sherlock think of a lion on the prowl. Coiled and dangerous and ready to spring.
“You should know,” he breathed, his lips brushing Sherlock’s with every word. “I love you too. I have for a very long time now Sherlock.”
There was another voice on the other end of the line, a woman’s, clearly protesting being kept a surprise.
“Thanks! What do you do?”
John knew that haddn’t been what Sherlock was planning to say.
John smiled and stepped further into the flat, sliding out of his coat and hanging it on the rack.
Usually, he hated waiting and being out of the action. But for John’s happiness, waiting didn’t seem tedious at all.
“Listen, if you need a pack for a spell you’ll need to talk to-
After a snide commentary over his fairy of a son, and other statements that John had blocked out long ago, he headed out to the pub, as usual. John cringed at the thought of what his father would say to the other bar patrons when he was a too many pints in.
A sharp double knock pulled John from his vexing thoughts. He looked to his right to see Lestrade standing in the doorway, knuckles moving away from the frame and down into his pocket. Schooling his features, John cleared his throat, placing his half-eaten sandwich down and picking up his chilling tea. “Uh hey.” He spoke into his cup.
as the doctor liked to call it. Sherlock had adored good Indian cuisine and the only restaurant he deemed of quality didn’t deliver to their neck of the woods.
You first want to pour about ¼ of your stock into a cup and set that off to the side. The rest gets poured into a small sauce pan. Set your range heat to medium (5 or 6) and let’er heat up.
“Sherlock—”
At a loss for a reply, John stared at the head rest just ahead of him, his hands clenched in his lap. Christ, he wasn’t actually considering this was he? What good would it do? There was so much scar tissue, so much mire surrounding his relationship with Sherlock now that how could accepting be anything but welcoming disaster?
Unbeknownst to Gage however, this particular coffee shop didn’t
“No! Not
Temperature discrepancies aside, it was a pristine replica of 221B.
“You’d be surprised though, what you end up tolerating to the point of it becoming your norm...” John hesitated to say more, assuming the subject was probably terribly boring for Sherlock. As to what would have been a more ‘engaging’ topic besides what he’d had for dinner that night, John was stumped. But to his surprise, Sherlock prompted him to continue.
“Please pick up…”
Sherlock hummed, dropping a third kiss. "You do the ordering, I'll do the cracking."
“That’s ‘
John smirked. “I never took you for a sadist.”
As she approached his booth, John shut off his mobile’s display, setting it face down between his hands. “Mary, hello.” He stumbled through his greeting, attempting to polish it off with a grin.
ago, even if he could track down the employee working the desk that day, the odds of them actually remembering the person who called him was piss poor.
But damn if his hearing didn’t wander.
the cab, nor is it
With a tisk Mrs. Hudson placed a hand on John’s arm, giving it a solid squeeze. “You poor dear. I’ll bring something up for you later. Do you have enough food? Oh I wish you’d take better care of yourself—”
“Great. So why don’t I pop over round 7:30 after I’m off here. We’ll watch a match. Or not. We could…Net
“Alright! Alright!” The detective whispered harshly. It was then John realized Sherlock was purposely keeping his voice down. He also became aware by the lack of background noises to distinguish the man’s location. No voices or the passing of cars or the gush of wind. Sherlock could have been curled up in a ruddy closet for all it sounded like.
officers towards a waiting police car. The photographer had managed to capture him giving a particularly menacing death-glare that made the hairs on the back of John’s neck prickle.
“Look at you…so hard and leaking.” He distantly heard Sherlock purr after releasing his nipple, flushed and glistening. John had a half second of reprieve before he felt the pad of the finger inside him circle inward and press lightly against his prostate.
It was as he was reaching for his drink that the mobile next to it began to ring brightly. John stopped dead in his movement, his pulse flaring as an unfamiliar string of numbers flashed up on the phone’s screen. He hesitated, his fingers curling softly into his palm.
But John found even with his previous hesitation about tonight, it had felt for the most part rather effortless.
A snooty remark was returned, something about if she
him asleep.
The antiquated radio John set up near the microwave on the far side of the kitchen hummed with an upbeat intro. With a slight turn of his head, John could just make out the opening lyrics over the sizzling pan:
Bloody awkward as it had been, John couldn’t help but replay his conversation with Mrs. Hudson as he went about stretching and smoothing the fitted sheet back onto the mattress.
The longer John looked at the clue, the more the words started to muddle together. He shifted in his chair again, leaning an elbow on the armrest and fitting a curled fist into his temple.
“I’m not…done yet. As it stands no one can know I’m alive.” Sherlock continued, and if John hadn’t been so done with him and this entire horrid night, he would have sworn the detective actually looked a touch forlorn. And lord help him if John didn’t feel just a
. Sherlock’s features softened with a shy smile and he swiftly became aware that John was holding his hand as he gave it another light squash.
John narrowed his eyes at it questionably. The cloth was lightly steaming, held close enough that he could actually feel the heat gently emitting from it.
The detective’s eyes widened, dragging the scrubber back until both men were still in their seats. With a tiny click and keystroke he sliced the file there; separating it into two parts before highlight everything to the right of the cut and deleting it.
“I’ve…had some practice.” John muttered absently but warmly, towing his attention back to Ms. Morstan and covering up his lapse in conversation with another smile. “Just before I graduated, I joined the army on a Medical Cadetship.”
.” After a second returning John’s glare with a quiet pensiveness.
One would rightfully suggest such a thing could be done at home when there was nothing on, but it was never that simple. Either John was working at surgery or out trying to maintain some sense of a social life. And Sherlock was typically self-sequestered for hours at Bart’s or focused on his latest experiment in their kitchen.
Bills currently in or heading for consideration and several Ministers’ names being dropped. Those who were looking to vote one way or another and the ones who could be pushed either way if need be. There was a brief mention about a promising piece of trade legislation with Saudi Arabia (
And now...a change in perspective.
“Here you are mate.” Greg handed him the chilly bottle, lightly wafting from the lip in the cozy air of the flat. “You sure I can’t get you anything Sherlock? Hell I’ll put a kettle on if you want.” Greg offered with an honest shrug.
More than game to move things along, John rested the plate on his lap to check his watch. “Nine…twenty
, I’ve seen this type of behavior before, just recently—”
There was a few seconds of shared bewilderment; John attempting to school his disbelief had probably failed miserably. It wasn’t due to having Philip in front of him after so long per say, but the sheer
when you should be out
?’ face you do.” He quipped, feigning his best impression of the man and causing the skin at the bridge of Sherlock’s nose to crease in offense.
“You know, I've seen all
. It’ll be nice. Like a little holiday.”
gambling? I can think of dozen better vices to throw one’s money away on…” The detective had stopped at one point to complain.
“Why not?” Sherlock asked, seeming a little injured that he wouldn’t.
John shook his head slowly, smirking a little despite his disapproval of Sherlock’s blatant manipulation. That did explain Philip’s sudden disappearance from the party. Still, he couldn’t help but put himself in Anderson’s place, waiting in the dark amongst the coats in Greg’s room for god knew how long. His enthusiasm draining away bit by bit with every minute that door didn’t open.
He’d command, usually curbing a smile as Sherlock would huff dramatically and bemoan but still do the thing he was appointed. Mostly to remain in the pleasant almost stifling humidity of the kitchen but also partially,
I know I'm terrible for ending it like that, but keep this in mind...this is a whole different time line we're working with here, canon impressions have changed, motivations are different now, things will not end the same as in the show because they simply can't. It's a brave new world friends!
As Greg was slipping on his trench coat to leave he asked. “What do ya say about doing this again next week?”
“Go. Away.” The detective commanded, attempting to banish this new figment. But try as he might, enough the environment around them flickered and fuzzed; John remained steadfast where he sat.
.-- .- .../... ---
It was a terrible cliché—considering the theme of their roleplay this evening—but John felt a bit like a deer in headlights staring up at him. Even more so since Sherlock was still in his suit trousers and John was laid bare (
He drew a pen from his pocket, clicking it in. “So how did you injure your hand?"
people being right for once concerning Sherlock was just too surreal.
actually dead and all this activity was the work of a special ops team trained in the man’s methods. Granted that was a far cry better than the small and thankfully
There was a creeping sense of nostalgia to be bared as John passed through the Homicide and Major Crime division of NSY, a laden—and security examined—brown paper bag in one hand, the other swinging gently by his hip.
Ridiculous as it was, John couldn’t help but find the idea of Sherlock trying to work alongside himself and the sheer havoc that would ensue to be spectacular. Or that there were large cylinders of synthesized abiotic fluid somewhere deep underground filled with Sherlocks waiting to be cracked open, Belstaffs ready to be deployed.
“I’m not bothering you am I?” Mary frowned a little worriedly and John saw her eyes flick briefly to the abandoned phone. “I was just passing by and decided to stop in for a quick cuppa before I headed home.” She added with an innocent shrug.
“How is she? Is she still bothering with
John pulled the key still dangling from the door and came further in, tossing his coat over the black wrought iron footboard. He was beginning to think this was a double occupancy room considering the sheer massive size of the bed and the pair of chairs sitting in front of the fireplace, a tiny table in between.
“Driven by pure instinct. Rendered mindless with the desire to mate.” The doctor mused, getting a velvety hum in return from Sherlock.
If he could find a way to come back…if Sherlock could just stop being dead. For John.
The medical convention never existed; much to John’s expectancy after a quick call to the center confirmed it. Nor could he find anything about a Dr. Altamont listed anywhere. All fabricated for the sake of getting him there. Upon further reflection, Durham was a perfect place for a secret reunion. Remote, easily accessible by train, car, hell there was enough open land out there you could probably have come in by helicopter if you had the means. And he bloody well knew a certain person who had them.
John considered his hands where they picked idly at one another in his lap, his expression growing wistful. “It’s New Year’s Day Sherlock. My first one with you gone. What do you think I’m doing right now?”
it was the wife who did it?” Collins asked, lounging back where he sat and resting a nearly empty whisky glass on his gut. John opened his mouth to answer, trying in vain to not look down at the man’s jumper, which was now in unhindered view.
pinkies. So he had that going for him.
It could have easily been contributed to the steady rise of his blood alcohol level, but at that very second John Watson wanted to talk.
--- ..-. / .- -. / --- .-.. -.. / ..-. .-. .. . -. -..
But what? A third contact incoming? A tip off somehow about his surveillance? From the intel Mycroft was able to supply to him, there hadn’t been a mention of anyone else but the two. And he’d been so painstakingly careful in his planning.
The other line was so quiet the doctor pulled the mobile away from his ear to make sure the call was still going. It was.
don’t work like that.”
. He needed to focus.
John leaned into the gentle caress with a gasp, tightening his arms around Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock, in turn, kept his touch achingly light, carefully stoking the sensation until each bud pearled. He then pressed them down under the pads of his thumbs and John let out a quite undignified noise into his hair.
After getting fed-up round 3:00am he’d gotten out of bed, deciding to give the reset tactic a go. The principle was fairly simple: if you couldn’t seem to fall asleep in at least 30 to 45 minutes you were to get up and do something until you felt tired.
There was that vibrant ache throughout his torso again. Shocking this time, as if hands had reached inside him and twisted Sherlock’s core, his organs, like one would ring water from a wet towel. Tighter and tighter until he had to press himself back upright in the armchair, his eyes squeezing shut. He was so fixated on trying to quell the sensation that Sherlock nearly missed the soft words uttered from across the room.
Slowly, the detective lifted an arm from where it had been lying beside his head and brought it to hover just over John’s shoulder. His long fingers flexed and curled, hesitating to come any closer.
Not that there was anything to hide really. His and Sherlock’s relationship and its nature weren’t some great secret to their friends and family—nor a good portion of the public eye of London at this point.
“I have to go back John.” The doctor glanced over to see Sherlock’s eyes were closed, only cracking a faction to gaze up at him after a weighted pause, long enough that John had begun to think he fell asleep again.
John’s stomach sank sharply.
“I never said it was
He recalled being in a similar arrangement when the heating would fail at the flat. Though the building itself was in moderately solid condition, up to code if one ignored the dilapidation that was 221C and what he suspected was a burgeoning hole in the roof. It was the eternals however: pipes, ducts, and the ever finicky furnace that belayed its age. Come mid-autumn when the boiler was tasked to do anything beyond heating water it would constantly threaten to break and usually did at least once or twice a season. Sometimes remaining out for several days while Mrs. Hudson scrambled to get someone in to fix it, leaving John and he huddled at night in as many layers as they could by the fireplace.
Pulling up the left most marker shoved into the dot representing Paris, John pinned one end of the string down then pulled it relatively taut over to the next one in Italy, then to the one in Spain and so forth.
It had been easy enough to find the room registered under Mercer for the 7
It wasn’t shocking however that people—even close colleagues for that matter—couldn’t fathom how the doctor put up with living with him. Admittedly there were some occasions that John himself wondered if he wasn't right in the head to keep coming back as he did.
It had come in last night around 9-ish, which was either when John was flooring his second assailant or when he was in the middle of being processed. The police had already confiscated his belonging by then.
John grinned a little at that. “You’ve never been to a medical conference after party. I call it the ‘
“I think that happens to everyone.”
Perhaps the most striking difference lay in their attitudes. While both men carried themselves with the self-assurance of someone able to handle a dire situation at the drop of a hat, John’s
Number 1 across by the way was Barbed. I randomly picked a crossword from USA today and was stupidly excited that it actually contained the word “Idiot” as an answer. It was the first one I figured out. Fate? MAYHAPS!
Monumentally so.
friendly walking translator named Conrad; his handle of the language fell to the wayside to make room for an extensive knowledge of German beer and cuisine…among other things.
“Yeah?” The doctor blinked, breaking from his reverie.
Before John thought about it further he was nodding. “Yeah…yeah alright.” A small toe-dip into the socializing pool. Get back in the swing of things. He liked drinks and people, having the chance to combine both being even better.
“Besides.” John figured, so composed and sure it set Sherlock’s teeth on edge. “If you wanted this to stop…
Letting his head fall forward, John gripped the edge of the sink, fingers squeezing a few times at the porcelain. He closed his eyes, a long breath hissing through his nostrils as something sinking passed over him. Smothering. Threatening to rush over his head if he didn’t just—
While that’s going you want to mince up your garlic and I recommend fresh garlic for its medicinal purposes. Once that’s minced up nice, put it into the heating broth.
“All that mattered was for me to correspond with whatever name Claudia supplied. She wasted no time in thanking me before bidding Anderson a
Greg had been acquainted with Sherlock far longer than he ever had. Knew him through what John could only assume were rougher times. Drugs. Rehab. Possible relapses. A whole stretch of Sherlock’s life John was never privy to. But then again maybe the detective had never intended him
supportive as the surface sprung back straightway.
priced coffee she discovered that her wallet was
was left unsaid somewhere in there.
Once your egg is all in there stop stirring and REMOVE the pot from the burner and set it aside, preferably covered and
He began again gingerly, like addressing a cornered beast. “Now John. I know you might be angry but right now I need you to—”
Perhaps it was from having nothing but alcohol and a handful party nibbles in his stomach, but John was beginning to find the prospect of pretending to be a ruddy deer unexpectedly enticing.
Yet the only thing that slipped from him after mulling it over was: “It’s quiet.”
The doctor had been about to bin it when he noticed the short note scrolled on the other side in black marker on the bag’s label:
forty pounds on him as he went off to find Dimmock.
Shifting in his seat John heard the last whistle, the boarding shouts of conductors. Minutes later the train hissed and started to slowly inch forward.
It didn’t take a genius to see that Sherlock wasn’t exactly an open book when it came to his feelings. Though he had no qualms about voicing his disdain for something or someone. Or his excitement, inappropriate as it was at times. Sherlock still struggled with what he considered messy, sentimental or imperiling emotions, even to John candidly.
He’d just started working the stiffness from his left shoulder after laying on it most of the night, when the cell door screeched opened and in stepped Lestrade, looking none too pleased.
Sherlock concurred with another hum, one John could practically feel vibrate in his marrow.  “All
would affect me. That I’d drive myself fucking mad that I hadn’t seen you were suicidal until it was too late. That I—.”
intolerant? Just him found days later—two at most, right in time for the smell to start.
His mum had taught him the key to a perfectly caramelized onion was commitment. You couldn’t just drop them in and walk away; you had to have time, dedication, and above all—the right thing to pair them with. Whether that be a quality Italian sausage and some peppers, or in John’s case this evening…a pile of pierogis.
“Yeah, had a few points plotted on it. Mostly round Europe I think. Why?”
? John licked over his bottom lip, glancing to his left and right to see the section was thankfully,
phone call.
.. ...
Why he could almost hear where John would be puttering in the kitchen, fixing them both a stiff drink to warm them up. Tumblers clanking against the countertop, the squeak of a cap being twisted from a bottle followed by the soft
He checked every so often through his synopsis to see if his mystery caller was still there. They were. He then stalled out sometime after recounting how he nearly ruined his dinner reheating it in the microwave, meant to set it on 3 minutes but hit an extra zero and went to change his clothes. By the time John came back the plate of leftover manicotti was a splattered solidified mess.
near the North West corner of the attic. It was hard to see from his position, the flooring running out about a meter ahead of him, but as John moved his light over the sloping beams he believed he spotted a damp one. The dripping sound was definitely louder where he was standing.
“I sound nothing like that.”
John placed his drink aside and rubbed his hand along his leg. “Yeah. Right well…”
“Right so…” Sherlock cleared his throat, relaxing in an attempt to get some iota of comfort. “Short version, not dead.”
“Hello John.” Sherlock winced, trying to shift himself upwards as John was still compressing heavily on his torso and making it difficult to take a satisfying breath. The effort proved futile though from his position, sandwiched between the floor and the doctor’s body.
“John no one is forcing your hand.” Mycroft’s smile fell with a sigh as he shifted in his seat, stretching his long legs as far forward as they could. The backseat of the sedan was spacious, but for a man of Mycroft’s height, it afforded little in the way of extra leg room.
Though the magnitude of the fault this time was…
John let out a bark, just sort of hysterical. “Since when do you ever listen to your brother?!”
Mrs. Hudson felt John’s hand twist round in hers as his eyes traveled away and to the space between his legs. She clasped his palm in return, thumb smoothly brushing over his. “No matter what…remember that.”
) trip back to Baker Street, Sherlock had regaled him with how he went about catching the thieving employee—male, mid-thirties, two cats and a growing gambling debit based on the sheer amount of crumpled stubs littering the passenger floor of his dented Vauxhall Corsa— “Why is it
.” The detective countered, but it lacked the bite he intended it to. He swore he wouldn’t ring John again. Not after the first and consequently last call he made some three months prior. Those 17.6 seconds Sherlock had scrutinized over innumerable times since.
…what’s going on?”
John caught himself absently rubbing the stuffed horns more than he was centering them, peering down to see Sherlock watching him intently through his lashes. When the doctor hastily let him go he stood to his full height, regarding John quietly a moment more before nodding towards the stairway.
“Which, tediously enough included me committing suicide.” Sherlock griped and for a moment John was speechless, the upper part of his face scrunched up, the lower half hanging open.
John found himself a little giddy in anticipation. The sleeves of his green button down crammed up to his elbows, tea towel slung over one shoulder, spatula in one hand and spreading a generous pinch salt with the other.
John tongued the inside of his cheek, envisioning sleeping on Lestrade’s sofa tonight and the next few nights at that.
and placed his duffle on the bed—the bag sinking into the down, and made his way around to an open doorway just off to the left of it. As anticipated there was a quaint bathroom complete with tub and shower.
“I know living with him wasn’t easy.” She continued softly when he looked up, placing her hand over John’s, her skin well-worn but warm. And though her fingers were thin, Mrs. Hudson’s grip was as strong as ever. “But you made him so very happy.”
wasn’t hunger, flutter in his belly.
Satisfied with his findings, the doctor worked his way back through the loft and all the way down to the sitting room, holding the files to him like some precious thing.
. I realize you pride yourself on a certain level of disconnect from, well—everyone.”
“I don’t mind hanging around.” John said honestly. “Tell her not to rush.”
(See the end of the chapter for
.” Mycroft interrupted; his distaste palpable before his tone swiftly leveled. “However I highly doubt John is suffering from the same delusions.”
John licked over his dry lips, his brow creasing in the middle. “Uh…
“Hobnob.” John huffed to himself, trying to recall if he even
John’s hips gave a startled lurch. Bumping his glans into Sherlock’s sternum and sending a sharp jolt of pleasure back through his length. Sherlock held him by the sides, teasing along the opposite edge of the shallow indent before driving his tongue straight inside.
with you, I insisted he at least do it on a secure line.” Mycroft continued, shocking John with the mention of his brother so openly.
“Well there’s his appearance for starters…” He began, the tempo of his words quickening as he went on. “First, the small cut on his jaw and puffy skin under his eyes. Terrible sleep last night, left him in a rush to get ready this morning where he nicked himself shaving. Can’t be nerves, he’s been racing for years. So, he’s
The detective caught the train of thought before it went any further, tossing it aside with the unseen flick of a finger as he reached up and pulled the active card from the encoder. There was little point in dwelling on…
“Nail varnish.” The detective clarified, addressing the group before taking a long sip. Lestrade sat back with a knowing look while John found himself momentarily distracted by the slide of Sherlock’s tongue licking white cream from his lips. “Rather
At some point the radiator had cut out, whatever heat it dispersed into the room was quickly receding. Sherlock shivered anew, unfurling stiff limbs from underneath his parka and slipped a hand into one of its deep inner pockets. He produced an archaic looking mobile phone, the cheap plastic warm in his hand. As depressing as it was promising.
give it a go at least once though, a week after the funeral, as the doctor stood before a black marble headstone, eyes tracing over the name cut into its shiny surface. Ridiculously lavish but kept restricted in its design.
A loud chime from the computer startled him as the export finally finished and the file was ready to attach. Forcing himself into action, he added it to the email and with a deft click, sent Dufort’s doom across cyberspace.
“Uh yeah—yeah sorry. I was just thinking…” He managed quickly, taking a long swig of wine. Well if things went completely to pot he could always blame it on the Marsala. He took a deep breath, formulating his words on the go.
(I use low sodium personally.)
’ before he was later found to be manufacturing heroin and other Schedule 1 narcotics beneath a derelict paper factory. Police were only halfway through processing the huge underground laboratory when it and the factory were razed in a fire that was still under investigation.
With a heavy sigh the doctor seceded, sluggishly extracting himself and making it as far as the foot of the bed before leaning heavily against it, pressing the heels of his palms into his eyes, trying to quell the heat building in them.
Sherlock leaned forward and kissed him soundly. A kiss John tried to recapture in vein when he suddenly pulled away. Rising up, Sherlock stretched a long arm to nab two decorative pillows that rested on John’s chair. The doctor’s brow rumpled as he didn’t remember leaving them there…
Sherlock and him being there together as a…whatever they were, felt more like a cherished prize then any bottle of (albeit very good) brandy.
.” Sherlock gritted, his body tensing as he felt John move suddenly, preparing for another punch.
As he walked into the kitchen, bathed in stark, blue-tinged light from the florescent hanging over the kitchen bench, John stopped fiddling with his cuffs and looked up to find Sherlock hunched over his microscope. Exactly where he left him an hour and a half earlier when the doctor had arrived home from surgery and popped off for a quick shower.
Fetching his call log, John noted the number and opened a new tab in his browser. Clicking on the search box he began to type.
“I’m savoring it while I can.” He continued sourly. “I suppose it’s the nicer of the one’s I’ve occupied previously if you account for the actual clean bedding. I wouldn’t dare call them beds though. More like bunks.
smitten. What you’ve failed to observe John is he’s not the only one.” Sherlock stated cryptically, evidently relishing the look of perplexity John wore by his own spreading grin. He craned his head down, soft dry lips ghosting alongside the doctor’s ear to whisper. “There…plastered to that doorframe.” Sherlock nodded to their collective right.
the other cheek and—”
John snorted at that. “Oh it’s utter chaos in the streets without you. London’s rife with serial killers and thieving raccoons. Why just yesterday a gang of them tried to mug me.”
Time to impress.
“Oh. I should also mention that I’m devastatingly good with nipples.” Sherlock added, almost casually.
“Don’t be too hard on yourself...” Sherlock murmured and John could plainly hear amusement sweetening his tone. “I can’t expect everyone to have the same caliber of palates.”
Optimally he needed to be in two places at once. Something easily accomplished if the detective had only—
While the lack of food or liquid in Henry’s stomach was intriguing, it was the signs of excessive dry skin and sunburn on the man’s hands that caught Sherlock’s interest. Upon requesting a second set of tests run on Mr. Andrew’s hands, the pieces began to fall into place.
“Looks like something out of Seven.” The DI scowled, sucking pickle juice from his fingers. “Poor bastard needs some serious help. Or a fucking holiday.”
Though he was categorically livid, John wasn’t about to possibly put Sherlock’s life in danger for the sake of gossip or therapy or revenge or whatever petty thing Mycroft was probably assuming of him.
“And here I’d thought by now you were rather used to working with clowns.” Sherlock remarked, and John was a millisecond away from quietly reminding him that he wasn’t at a crime scene but in a police officer’s home
you.”
He tapped on the number, bringing up the call details. Well at least the arrangement of digit’s looked familiar. It had the grouping of a mobile phone. The mystery caller didn’t leave a voicemail, not that John had expected one.
“I remember right after coming back to London; I’d gotten so accustomed to a bunch of noisy blokes around me that trying to sleep alone was pretty unnerving. Come to think of it, I’m not sure what was worse, the quiet or bed being too ruddy soft.”
John let the lingering thought go before it had a chance to materialize, reaching the sofa and unceremoniously flopping down on it.
“Just…thank you.” John replied; giving her the sturdiest smile he could muster.
So while Donovan was technically nothing but a pawn in a lunatic’s game much like the rest of them, that didn’t mean John was in any rush to bury the hatchet. Though there were a few places he could envision embedding one…
What he wouldn’t give for a cigarette—
.” The woman made a tiny startled sound and John’s back went straight. He tried to offer her an apology but found the woman wouldn’t dare make eye contact with him, her cheeks burning bright with shame.
Sensibly…anyone who knew him, who was friends with him no matter how long ago, would have
“The best thing that could have ever happen to Sherlock was having you as a partner.”
“Tha—” His finger jammed down on the hold button, dropping the receiver unceremoniously back in its cradle.
But where was John tonight? Out with friends? With a girlfriend? In a pub somewhere counting down the minutes to a new year with strangers? Surely not alone like he was. Surely.
“The compulsiveness says he’s eager for contact, could be a close friend or family member in hospital, hence the loss of sleep, but then why not just ring for an update? No. Whoever he’s hoping to hear from, he can’t simply contact himself.
“I imagine it’s because of that whole earth going round the sun thing…I know you tend to forget since you’ve decided simple astronomy is tosh.” John’s amusement was shortly interrupted by a loud monotone voice crackling from the loudspeakers overhead. Practically unintelligible save for the words ‘mop’ and the number ‘four’.
There had been a headbutt following, which John was fairly proud of—though his forehead was paying for it now—before three blokes managed to wretch them apart.
“Um, speaking of which…” John picked up a slightly damp carrot and ran it through the dip. “Maybe we should think about heading off soon, yeah?” He suggested, crunching as softly as he could. John hadn’t realized just how famished he was until there was suddenly food in front of him. Even the oily pile of crisps Sherlock had supplied for him was making his mouth water.
Driving his chopsticks into his dinner, John muted the television and picked up his mobile, glancing at the screen. Not only was it an unknown number but a long string of digits he didn’t recognize the configuration of. With furrowed brow he accepted the call.
Something shrill thrummed along John’s insides, like a cord running vertically from his guts to his chest was plucked. It was an abrupt feeling, one that usually kicked off a fight or flight response. He’d become quite acquainted to it on a number of occasions for a number of reasons. Whether it was a sudden rifle fire outside of camp or Sherlock blowing something up in the kitchen.
As expected, Charlie Dimmock was over the moon to amend the terms of their bet. Though he did ask John not once but twice if he were absolutely sure. After John stated for the second time that he was in fact completely serious, Charlie gave a hearty—albeit high-pitched—laugh and almost sloshed his whisky sour to shake John’s hand in sealing the wager.
!” John barked, half laughing and half gasping as he tried to wriggle away. Sherlock made a rumbly little chuckle, placing an apologetic kiss to the fine trail of hair below his navel. The antlers brushed teasingly over John’s torso, so foreign yet weirdly sensual.
“Sherlock, stay out of Turkey.”
Maybe, Sherlock couldn’t completely abandon him any more than John could completely gut the man from 221B?
Which, if John knew anything about Sherlock, that was exactly how he’d want it. To move and operate unseen. For all intents and purposes, Sherlock Holmes was a ghost. A glint here, a wisp there, popping up in one part of a country and then suddenly materializing in another miles away a few days later.
John furrowed his brow as his gaze swept back up to the first two items. Well, maybe not too random, France
John began to wonder if Sherlock even registered he was in the same room, let alone speaking to him, when he saw the man’s ears dart up. A sure sign his jaw was flexing which usually (
“I’m glad I caught you. I thought we could talk for a bit.” Mycroft suggested, followed promptly by the pop of the car’s locks flicking over, something equally presumptuous snaking over his features as he cocked his head.
’, it would be the best spirits the doctor had on hand. Admittedly rather good after one got passed the way it scorched down the throat just before hitting the stomach like a liquid load of bricks. He also couldn’t deny the effect it had afterwards…
“And who knows…” Mary pondered. John watched her gaze making an unabashed journey over him from toe to head. “Maybe you’ll have
“Damn right.” Greg agreed, finally unwrapping his sandwich and letting out a pleasured growl as it was revealed. Prying off the top slice of bread, Greg made for the packets of brown mustard John had left in a little pile, masterfully tearing one open with his teeth.
While not winning the contest was admittedly disappointing, considering he’d been suffering for nearly an hour now in a sweater knitted by the devil, John knew when he was trounced. Besides, he did have a particularly wonderful time reminiscing about cases with Sherlock. And of course there was the unquestionably incredible matter of Sherlock actually attending with him in first place.
“Yes I
Before Durham, John hadn’t been able to bare even looking at it let alone step inside. The only reason the room had seen any scrap of tidying was Mrs. Hudson slipping in at one point and making the bed. And whether or not she went in there afterwards to clean while he was out of the flat, John didn’t know. Didn’t care to know at the time. Wouldn’t dare let himself care.
Sherlock, having returned victoriously to his research, visibly balked in his seat when the headband was slipped onto his crown. The antlers twitched as his head jerked up, regarding John with something akin to confusion and betrayal. His brow knitted, keen eyes rolling upwards like he could see the offending ornament through his fringe.
“Or dampen them.” Sherlock interjected with a coy smile, declining as the waiter made to top off his wine, his second that night though he’d been nursing it for the past hour.
And wasn’t that a lark? How many times had the doctor worked his own meager detective skills to figure out how long it had been since Sherlock ate something solid? Or had a drink of something besides tea. Now look at him. No better.
As absurd as it was…John truly missed it.
Days became weeks, weeks became months, and John packed up his hope as he packed up most of Sherlock’s things to put into storage. With every box he filled it sank in just a little deeper, just a little more into the void.
Accepting the reality that any further reading tonight was simply not going to happen, he plucked a strand of red embroidery thread from where it was draped across his thigh and slipped it into the crease where his thumb had been.
“At the very least it disproved your frankly absurd theory that it was a circus
than originally anticipated.”
“Surely I’d be doing all of England a service,” Sherlock smirked, wasting no time to dive in and mouth along the parts of John’s clavicle exposed by the shallow V-neck of his vest. John abandoned his feeble search in lieu of burying his nose in the ruckus of curls tickling beneath his chin, mindful not to bump into the antlers. At the very least they were set wide enough on the headband that John could put his face near the crown of Sherlock’s head and just feel the lowest fuzzy points grazing at the edges of his jaw.
“I didn’t either.” John mused, hearing one final
. We want those egg ribbons to cook undisturbed. This is the point where your ability to tune out harassment really comes in handy.
Reluctantly he peeled a chilled hand from around the tall clear glass of amber liquid to fetch it. There was no need to guess whom the incoming message was from, though the text he found waiting in his inbox filled the detective with the same pleasure his first sip of tea did.
Realizing he’d been holding his breath only as his lungs began to burn, Sherlock tore his gaze away from the heroin with a breathy gasp. He blinked against wavering vision, seeing the fire still burning in the hearth, that he was still deep in his mind palace’s recreation of 221B.
The remainder of August passed without event, at least of the phone call variety. It did however leave behind a monster of a heat wave clawing into September that no one in the greater part of London had been prepared for. One week in and they were already clamoring about an Indian Summer on the news.
John was in the midst of selecting take-out menus from where he had filed them away in a drawer when he heard the television pop on, shifting voices and sounds as Lestrade must have been flipping through channels.
The DI supposed that that was about as much of a ‘Sure I’ll help’ as he was going to get. He leveled a sigh, reaching for his keys dangling from the ignition, the car sputtering to life with a twist. “Fine.”
Frankly the idea of someone other than Sherlock living there, regardless of how sensible it was financially, was almost as disturbing to John as Sherlock not being there in the first place. Ridiculously possessive as that may be.
after everything with Sherlock. I don’t know, I think the guilt finally got to him or something. Just before he got sacked, Philip started getting all
As the noise died down, the pair made their way back into the throng of other guests.
“You’ve gotta be fucking—” John exclaimed under his breath, his features contorting, flabbergasted.
He could just imagine Sherlock staring right back at him, one eyebrow creeping up in vindication. A veritable challenge to say he was wrong.
I use your phone? The question isn’t if you
He never told Lestrade exactly what Mycroft’s involvement was with Sherlock’s downfall, but it was enough for the doctor to contemplate committing homicide. Something to the effect of: if John ever came face to face with Mycroft again, Greg had better be prepared to arrest him.
“Well you were.” She insisted, gazing at him fondly. Brimming herself with a bitter sweet sort of sadness. “You made him a better man.”
And while Thomas sucked crumbs and glaze from his fingers, Sherlock accessed the entire contents of the man’s phone in a matter of minutes.
What didn’t help was during his time in Cologne, the family John lodged with had a son his age that knew near impeccable English. And with having what amounted to a tall, blond,
Never before had Sherlock wanted to tear the zygomaticus from his face as he did after his first shift here. It was small price to pay. If tonight went as planned, he’d never have to see this place again. Or smile again, if he had anything to do with it.
“Is that so?” John asked a little huskily, momentarily forgetting he was attempting to play hard to get as he watched Sherlock turn his hand over leisurely, kissing just below the first knuckle of his thumb.
Lestrade gave him a wry smile in return and took a pull of his beer.
John stopped, jaw clenching as he lowered his voice as well. Sherlock wasn’t the only one in a position of discretion. Though Mrs. Hudson had likely retired for the night and with any luck on the back of one of her herbal soothers, it didn’t completely negate the chance she might overhear him.
“Uh…quarter to seven.” John wiggled his wrist clear of his coat sleeve to check his watch. “I think the earliest you’ve ever rung me was half passed ten.”
“Afternoon Ms. Morstan.” He introduced himself, coming forward.
John’s toes ceased their wiggling. “Of course it's still there but—”
From outside the camera’s peripheral strolled in Dufort, must having just come from the bathroom. He was equally as nude—still rather fit for a man his age (
you?” The first word whooshed hotly against the detective’s abdomen, the rest seethed and a fresh shiver ran through John.
. If there was ever a man with no concept of private property, it was Sherlock Holmes.
Tiryaki frequented the Veliefendi Racecourse Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays. Though the detective assumed the man had his own private viewing box, Mahir would often be sitting in the stands or mulling around on the large park-like green where visitors often watched the races. He also only bet when his horses were
How hadn't John seen that coming?
John had just plunked his toothbrush in the small plastic cup on the bathroom sink and was baring his teeth at the mirror when the en suite door to Sherlock’s bedroom caught his attention. Nothing but darkness from beyond the clouded panes of yellowed glass.
“Last one, pet.”
The sub raised his hands, “Now, wait a minute. I don’t need—”
“Really,” Sherlock said. “You’re a good fuck, John Watson.”
“Is it?” Sherlock asked between kisses.
Sherlock wasn’t sure he’d be able to keep John if they engaged in a sexual relationship, John might get frustrated and hurt, and leave. But the fact that he’d seen Sherlock’s fear and soothed it gave Sherlock hope.
“Oh, my god,” John whispered.
She shifted the papers around Lestrade’s desk, pulling out a folder. She rifled through it before turning it to John.
Then he looked up at John through his eyelashes. “Should take advantage of it,” he said.
Wait.
“Now, take the second to smallest rod...”
“No,” Sherlock said. “Can I sleep now?”
Sherlock found his phone and dialed Mycroft.
Sherlock watched impatiently and lifted his hips before John had even undone his zip.
“It’s really not,” Sherlock said, swallowing thickly.
He leaned back down and worked a patch of skin on John’s neck between his teeth.
Sherlock pulled John, who was looking for his pants, down for a kiss.
“John,” Sholto said, his voice unsteady despite the single syllable.
“Look at me. Come and look at me.”
Watson and Sholto gaped at him.
“No,” he said.
“Now, I want you to pick up the plug.” The penis plug John had bought had little bumps, ridges around the outside and was hollow on the inside. There was a ring around the top that was meant to wrap around the cock head.
Sherlock nibbled along John’s neck, finding all his erogenous zones before picking them each, one by one, and sucking bruises into them.
Now the blond captain was fucking the brunette. Looks like everyone got a turn. Sherlock grunted as he matched the rhythm. He heard the bathroom door open but dismissed it.
Besides, it was never a good idea to insult the person that had your cock in their mouth.
Sherlock's brain finally disengages from his project and he focuses on his mother, thinking about everything she's
John closed his eyes and let the pleasure build at its own pace.
“Take it, fuck!” Bill said and slapped Sherlock’s arse.
God, he wanted Sherlock.
"What's your name?" Sherloc asked.
“Because the information hasn’t changed since I was twenty-six.”
When the car stopped in front of the alteration shop John didn’t bother trying to hit on the woman again. He’d seen the ring on the Dom’s finger and he figured she belonged to him. He’d only tried in the first place because she wasn’t collared and he wanted to have penetrative sex one last time before he was married. Who knew after tomorrow if he’d ever get another chance.
John blinked at him.
John’s hand wrapped around harder, muscles flexing deliciously, and worked Sherlock’s cock rougher.
Then John smashed papers back into a folder, he had to try three times to get them in the pocket successfully. Sherlock watched, horrified, as John sent the folder flying to the ground and stared daggers at him.
He was a miserable human being and he needed someone to punish him.
“What was all that with The Woman and Janine?”
He was knocked to the side and his head rang and throbbed. It didn’t matter. He was a doctor, he could get there and save his friend. It wasn’t too late. He had to help. He had to save Sherlock from himself.
Finally, John’s cock warmed and started getting hard. Sherlock abandoned it prodding at John until he was back on the bed, arse in the air, head buried in a pillow. His cock hung low, shining with Sherlock’s saliva and flushed dark red.
“Have either of you taken any Dom or sub classes besides the mandatory school ones?”
John said, “I’m not opposed, assuming my preferences and limits are respected. It’s not something I need, I mean, I can get by without. I’d like to be open and try to find different relationships out of our marriage if sex isn’t on the table. I—"
As always, huge thanks to
The man put out two bottles and rambled about something while Sherlock tried to get a read on his watch. He didn’t want to leave John out after eleven. He didn’t want to leave John ever, really. But he wanted to solidify his claim before he left John out.
“Look,” John said, “I know your job is hard and that Sherlock isn’t that nice to you. And granted, he’s a little odd, but he’s sweet. I think you need to focus less on trying to get revenge for whatever he’s done and more on the crimes you’ve been assigned.” He stared pointedly at the unsolved pile on Lestrade’s desk. It was alarmingly large.
"Yes, sir."
Sherlock watched the process with wide eyes. John was aroused and he was taking that arousal outside the room.
“Almost done, pet. You’re doing so well, Sherl.”
There was a loud hiss in the air and a crack. “Eiiighteen!” Sherlock said in ecstasy as pleasure ripped across his hip. Another crack and more pleasure and Sherlock groaned out, “Nineteen.”
Sherlock glared at his brother. “I know that. I mean, why haven’t you stopped it. Why did you match me?”
“God you’re gorgeous,” John said, nipping Sherlock’s upper lip.
Then he pulled the plug out in one swift movement, sticking his tongue in before the hole closed.
Sherlock reeled back wildly, almost running into him. John was alarmed, what had happened? John saw it a moment before Sherlock pulled it out and threw it away.
“No.” He sighed. Sherlock was always right.
John ordered a Pikachu costume for himself online, he figured if he got really desperate he could tell Sherlock it was a convention or something.
Holding John’s eyes he licked up his finger before sticking it in his mouth, hollowing his cheeks and sucking with a moan.
did you do?! Do you have any idea what's happening?!"
“That’s not what people usually say.”
“Yes, you did! I signed for the order. You were talking about a fancy dress party.”
“Thank you,” John said.
Mrs Hudson had said. And as much as he hated to admit it he did. So, he’d focused on the first time they’d interact. But it wasn’t the first time they’d interact. The ceremony was the first time.
“You should call your—brother, was it? He called the base, wanted to know where you were.”
“Just sit back and watch,” John said.
John’s fork shook in his hand.
“I got you something,” John said.
John was trying but Sherlock had licked his palm and was stroking John to full hardness. Once John was hard in Sherlock’s hand Sherlock turned to look at the house, keeping a slow rhythm over John’s cock.
“Shh,” John said and stroked Sherlock’s forehead. “I think you need more lube,” he said to James.
“No.”
“Please, please, Sherlock…” John begged when Sherlock started dragging his tongue along the vein on the bottom of his prick. Sherlock wasn’t holding John’s cock and it bounced around with every light lick. It struck John that Sherlock was a virgin, he didn’t know what he was doing. John thought Sherlock was far too good at that to have never done it before. But he clearly hadn’t and the fact that John was his first, the first cock to ever touch those perfect lips…
The movement wasn’t much but Sherlock pulled back instinctively. He slid down an inch onto James’s cock.
“Bill!” James shouted.
Kind of a slow chapter but I want to do the next sexy bit from Sherlock's POV
Yes. That was it.
“Eighteen!” Sherlock shrieked loudly as John hit directly on his testicles. Thankfully not as hard as he’d been hitting his arse but enough to make the tears fall.
“We’re moving to the upstairs bedroom.”
“I am absolutely positive Mrs Hudson heard us.”
Sherlock huffed and scrawled his name at the bottom of the sheet. He was about to put the package aside so John could come and deal with it when he saw the return address. It had the word Pokemon in it.
John rolled his eyes and pulled Sherlock into another kiss. It started getting heated and John pulled back so they wouldn’t have their first time on the foyer floor.
The pull on his hair increased.
“Alright,” he agreed.
The only thing that brought him comfort was that it’d be hard for him to find a match. He had unorthodox desires in the bedroom and finding a Dom that wanted what he did was difficult. Most of the women John had been with preferred pegging. John hated taking it up the arse. It was one of the reasons he didn’t try to date men.
“Fuck, sorry, forgot,” Sholto grunted.
John spread his arms and stepped forward off the ledge. Sherlock was down on the pavement. He’d catch him and they’d be together.
And now John had taken care of himself in the shower after giving Sherlock such an orgasm that he still felt a bit boneless.
“Flip him over,” John said and Sherlock resisted, he liked having John’s cock in his mouth.
“Oh, no, he’s been great actually,” John said. He realized just how many times he called Lestrade to complain about his flatmate and cringed.
He could go to Mycroft, his brother had to have a dossier on the man. He also didn’t believe that Mycroft hadn’t meddled in the matching either.
He wanted this one.
"We'll be lucky if none of them do," Mycroft corrected.
Once the Dom was back in his chair she had him pull out the pamphlet on sub drop and covered the most common ways to prevent it and what to do if it happened. She did this to let John have some time to himself, so he’d recover and wouldn’t feel the pressure of both of them watching him.
Sherlock looked up at John. “Do it to myself?”
Sherlock had just turned thirty, all attempts at chance meetings with potential matches had failed. He was officially in the matching system now. Mycroft had all potential matches run through him first--he didn’t want his brother to end up with someone completely unsuitable--and had “accidentally” deleted three sub profiles so far.
“And you’ve been sitting here waiting for me instead of solving things?”
John’s mind went blank.
Suddenly the feathers were gone and John pressed his lips to Sherlock’s. Sherlock let John invade his mouth, he sucked on John’s tongue, letting John know that he was ready to please him. John took Sherlock’s mouth like a man starved. He bit Sherlock’s lower lip, sucked on Sherlock’s cupid bow, he wrapped his hand around the back of Sherlock’s head and pulled on Sherlock’s curls.
John had him put more lube on his cockhead before telling him to put on the other glove.
“Lestrade has a case,” he said while looking at his phone.
He looked at the man standing with an umbrella. John had hoped to have the upper hand by having a weapon (his cane) but no luck there. The man across was clearly a Dom and John didn’t know what training he had. With a bum leg, a shaky hand and no Dom himself he was about as weak as he could get.
Sherlock shivered in anticipation.
Sherlock fumbled in the nightstand, finally finding and putting on the last condom
Sherlock looked up at him in alarm.
Sherlock tried to shake his head but couldn’t. He wasn’t there. What they’d done was hot, but it took too much of his attention and he hadn’t been able to focus on himself.
“Open up,” John said.
“God, John.” Sherlock writhed as John started pinching and pulling, making them hard.
John wanted to pluck the mobile from Sherlock’s hands and throw it against the wall.
He was startled to find he’d always wanted to spend the rest of his life with Sherlock. Even when he was furious with him for pretending to be dead he’d wanted to be with him.
“One,” Sherlock gasped as the pain coalesced and Sherlock could feel that John had hit his arse.
“John,” Sherlock demanded.
John made a choked sound, it looked as if he were about to cry.
Sherlock put himself in a defensive position in front of John and John tried to move to get around him.
He removed the peas, dropping them to the ground, and he quickly worked the rings off John’s cock, one by one.
Carefully, Sherlock tried to remove the cage but John was too aroused. Sherlock shimmied out from between John’s thighs and rolled to get off the bed.
James yanked on Sherlock’s hair from behind and pulled him up while pushing him forward, arching him until the back of his head was resting on James’s shoulder. “That’s not an answer,” he said.
Sherlock shook himself from his thoughts quickly enough John didn’t notice. He raised up to his knees and tore open the packet.
John didn’t know what to say. He’d wanted something. He didn’t quite know what except that it was
Sherlock did and he could thrust harder and faster.
“Unless you don’t want to. I understand, if you don’t. If I’m making the nightmares worse—”
Sherlock decided to just go for it. He couldn’t possibly make the situation any worse. “Are you both free?”
His hair was released and a push on his rear made him stumble forward. The fog cleared a bit.
"Boring," they stated with a wave of their hand. "That's what they were using. That's why they were murdered. What is it?"
“Any blood?” John asked.
“What do you want?”
John yawned as he browsed the paper. John was pretty sure there was nothing in there that Sherlock would consider of interest. Just political scandals and tabloid gossip. He was just considering getting his laptop from where it was charging so he could see if there was something on his blog when Sherlock strolled in.
Sherlock pulled him down into the bed with him and John watched Sherlock doze for a bit before picking up his book and reading. He wanted to be right here when Sherlock woke. Because it had been a Dom/sub scene and Sherlock might drop, because Sherlock might have hurt himself and John wanted to be there to see the signs if he did and because John didn’t want to be anywhere other than right at Sherlock’s side.
“Be right back, pet,” Sherlock said.
To make things worse (worse?), last night in his drama his favourite couple finally got together in a steamy sex scene. Then Sherlock’s toes had flexed and wiggled and John completely lost it. Sherlock must have deduced that John had gone to the loo to masturbate. He had to have. It was Sherlock.
John’s cock was smooth and hard as steel in his mouth, there was a constant bitter salt taste from the slit as Sherlock fucked him. He had to be careful not to hit him with his sharp teeth and hurt him.
“John, hello.”
Sholto, their commander, said.
Sherlock tugged, testing his range of movement as arousal pooled in his groin. The angle he had to maintain was slightly uncomfortable, he wouldn’t be able to ignore it. His head fell back and his back arched as he gave in and moaned. He felt his legs splay wantonly.
Sherlock threw his head back as he tensed and knocked his head against the hard floor. He saw stars as he came.
John sat back on his bed. He’d only been back about a month, and already the bills were piling up. He probably shouldn’t have spent all that money smuggling his gun in and helping Harry pay for her divorce. His pension didn’t cover everything, even living in this horrible bedsit. It was old-fashioned but people believed that Doms took care of those things for their subs.
John licked his lips. His arse was still a little tender from Sherlock’s attention last night and he wanted to claim Sherlock after hearing Irene’s little moans. He had gotten a little something else when he’d bought the cock cage but had set it aside, unsure.
Sherlock held in a whimper but felt his hips thrust against air. He tried to back into James, but the hand on his arse held him out so he couldn’t walk back. Was there some way to turn…?
“You know very well what I’m talking about, Doctor Watson!”
“I’m your madman.”
—his fingers dragged over Sherlock’s ribs and ran up and down his torso, exploring. Fingers became hands, palms warm and slightly rough. They weren’t massaging, John was just maximising skin contact.
Sherlock’s frown deepened. “Of course. Are you—?”
John soon found himself on his knees, resting his body weight on his elbows, face pushed into a pillow.
She had told him stories, how she’d gone to school, even had offers to go to university, had a bright future before her scent changed from beta to omega and she was sold to their father. Their father was a kind man, sweet to her, he never forced her to do anything she didn’t want to do. It was why Sherlock was seven years younger than Mycroft. He was an accident, and Mycroft never let him forget it.
“Go away,” Sherlock said.
This time, when Sherlock took John in hand he set a faster pace. He worked faster and faster until John was thrusting into the moist heat of Sherlock’s hands. He could feel the bony joints against his prick and it was delightful.
When he opened his eyes again the sun had changed. The light coming through the window was brighter, more yellow. It was afternoon.
“You’re beautiful,” John said.
Sherlock backed up and wiggled his arse.
But, he knew Mrs Hudson did.
A couple more minutes of Sherlock’s attention and John was warning him.
The handwriting was sloppy, but the message was clear. The pen had been pushed down hard - John remembered how angry he’d been and how there had even been marks on the top of the coffee table. He’d run his finger over them, worried that Mary would see, then remembered that she was gone.
they found Sherlock and he hadn’t been married long enough for him to damage John, he’d have to jump through hoops to keep his sister from abandonment charges.
They had breakfast and John browsed rooftop beekeeping supplies. He realized there was a lot of knowledge that he needed to make the decision for the best and, since it was the twenty-second, there was no way anything he ordered would arrive in time. It was probably best to let Sherlock buy whatever he wanted anyway.
“And after that.”
Soon Sherlock’s hips found John’s rhythm, his hips rolling with each thrust of John’s deft fingers.
There was a beat of silence and John ended the call, his hands shaking.
to get back to the flat with John, so they could continue what had nearly happened in the alley. His forehead was still tingling form John’s kiss. If John could have such a profound effect on Sherlock from such a simple gesture, the detective had no idea what would happen when they actually kissed, or when they did- did
The prickle of annoyance returned as Sherlock thought of John’s behaviour. He sat in his chair and turned his mind to the case, ignoring Ajay’s eyes on him.
(See the end of the chapter for
He never did though. In the Watson household, holding your tongue was one of the first things you learned to do.
“Hello you,” Sherlock said, smiling as John blinked sleepily at him.
Certainly not a pair of legs.
He gave John a final smile and he shut the door on him. Bounding up the stairs, Sherlock was  totally unaware of the bone deep loss that was dragging John Watson under.
.” John made his name sound like a caress.
He kept still and listened to the thumps as John took off his shoes and soft sounds of his footsteps as he headed into the kitchen. There was the gurgle of the kettle filling (long enough for two cups), the click of the switch, and the other mundane sounds of John making tea for them.
“Oh John,” Sherlock’s voice was laced with sorrow.
“Good morning darling!” Ajay said, happily, affecting a plumby tone that brought back Sherlock’s Eton memories.
Greg kept shooting him suspicious looks, obviously wondering why Sherlock was still here. The detective usually waltzed out if the Yard as soon as he was through with a deduction or giving a statement. Sherlock gave Greg a tight smile, smothering his amusement when the DI looked even more baffled.
“Private or- sorry I thought you were finished,” John said his tone caught somewhere between annoyed and embarrassed. Sherlock didn’t know what to make of it.
Swallowing, Sherlock carefully took his gloves off and busied himself with putting them back in the box so he wouldn’t have to look at John.
That startled an actual laugh from John and his warmth towards Mike grew.
John followed her to stand as well. “I’m in.”
“I’ve told them a bit about you and Sherlock”, Devaki went on, “And I thought we could chat a bit and then have a run together. If you’d like.”
John retreated himself, bringing his fist back up to his chin and keeping light on his toes. The deadly focus in his eyes was making Sherlock’s head spin. He wondered what being under that gaze would feel like. Probably like been pinned by a predator. Maybe if he conducted another disgusting experiment in the kitchen, he would find out. Maybe John turn that deadly gaze on him while stalking toward him, promising to punish Sherlock for wrecking the-
“How would you…that is- how would you go about…telling someone important that they’re important?”
“Yes,” Sherlock said, turning back John.
.” John scolded, cutting into his thoughts.
Sherlock stared at him a moment, before nodding. “Tomorrow, where we first met.”
“Are you sure you don’t want to ride along?” Aashriya said, cutting into his thoughts.
Scrubbing a hand over his eyes John refocused on his phone. The last text made him sit bolt upright in bed.
As John ran his finger down the table of contents he began to feel a bit silly. Did he genuinely think the man he saw yesterday could be a
Sherlock froze and looked at him, then slowly bared his teeth. John held still, refusing to flinch as two rows of glistening fangs were bared to the light. He knew if he pulled back  Sherlock would be gone in an instant. Whatever showed on John’s face must have be enough. Sherlock relaxed and swam closer again. John felt his own shoulders relax in turn.
“It’s fine.”
Plan successful.
“And why leave me out?”
“Do I really need to go to the hospital?” John grumbled, eyeing the ambulance they were rapidly approaching with distaste Logically he knew he should, but he just wanted to go home and curl up in bed.
“Sherlock,” he said, turning back to the detective, “Where you trying to cook for
view, of John’s toned torso. It was simultaneously the best and worst thing that had ever happened to Sherlock. The best because he could now see each, individual drop of sweat as they trickled between the grooves of John’s muscles, making him look slick and dangerous. The worst because his cock was making it known just how much Sherlock had enjoyed watching John exercise.
“John, that sounds
John nodded, “It was a disaster,” he said looking away, his expression becoming pinched.
Sherlock stilled and peered up at John, panting hard. Keeping their eyes locked, John slowly curled his fingers upward and dragged them over Sherlock’s prostate. Sherlock cried out, his eyes rolling back as John stroked him again. He’d touched himself like this before, but it couldn’t compare to deft movements of John’s hands, or the way he didn’t know what John was going to do next.
The pavement was so crowded with Christmas shoppers that he and John were forced into a slow walk. John didn’t seem to mind though as he gazed into the store windows they passed. John was a notorious window shopper. Sherlock didn’t understand it…why didn’t he just go into the stores.
Holding his hand steady, Sherlock dug his heels into the mattress and began to thrust into his fist. His eyes were screwed shut as he imagined John’s toned body as he’d seen it at the ring two days ago. The ridges of his abs, the deep grooves under his hips. The way his arm muscles would bulge and flex as he held Sherlock’s hips steady and pulled at Sherlock’s cock. John was so strong he’d probably just need one hand to pin Sherlock’s wrists to the bed. He’d hold them crossed over Sherlock’s head as he thumbed over the slit and- and-
to have Mycroft, Molly and the fucking
“You alright Sherlock?”
Sometimes he thought Sherlock felt the same way, but as quickly as that thought came John shoved it aside. He heard Sherlock berate romantic ties too many times to count, and he wasn’t about to wreck the healthiest friendship he had in his adult life with his own assumptions. So, he filled his days with hours at the clinic and chases through London with an amazing alpha, and was content. At least that’s what he told himself. If he stood closer to Sherlock when some omega made eyes at him, or stood closer than usual to alpha clients just to see Sherlock frown and call him away for some unnecessary task, well John was only human.
“Well John, you know I do
“They fit perfectly!” Sherlock said, wiggling his fingers at John, “And they’ll match wonderfully. Thank you, John!”
“So, you think I wouldn’t have been able to keep it secret?” John asked, his voice hard with anger.
“What’s your name then?” John asked, licking his lips.
Sherlock nodded, swallowing hard, his eyes darted around John’s little room. John cringed at the thought of what Sherlock was deducing. He made two cups of tea on autopilot, trying to figure out what Sherlock was about to say.
Morgendaemmerung89 did an AMAZING piece of art for this fic! You can find it here:
“What colours?” John asked as the restaurant came into view.
Here's Aashriya's coat https://cdnd.lystit.com/photos/2013/08/26/mackage-camel-paulina-leathertrimmed-coat-product-3-13041528-452835654.jpeg
Sherlock went still as John lay long, wet kisses over his hip bone, moving closer and closer to his cock. His strong hands kept Sherlock’s hips pinned to the bed, preventing him from twisting toward John’s mouth. Just as his lips were millimeters from Sherlock’s shaft, John by passed it entirely, laying kisses over Sherlock’s quivering thighs instead.
Mike had gone up to bed ages ago. John cradled his teacup and leaned back in the old rocker, slowly rocking himself in time with the waves. He was half asleep when something slammed hard into the side of the porch. Something large.
with an elaborate geometric tattoo covering him from right shoulder to hip, joined him behind the ropes. The two men smiled wickedly at each other and bumped fists before retreating to their corners of the ring.
When John Watson was seventeen years old he had his first time with an alpha.
John’s grin got wider, “Thanks. I was wondering how long it would take you to figure out where I was going.”
There were a few people milling around down below, but none of them noticed Sherlock. They were chatting and stretching, obviously preparing for a go in the ring. The echoing thud of a door closing in the carnivorous space drew Sherlock’s attention. The door appeared to lead into a locker room, from what little he could see in his position. It was who was coming through the door that made Sherlock’s heart stop.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Sherlock said, his tone neutral, as he turned back to window.
Lestrade’s eyes were flinty and guarded in away that had John feeling like the biggest arsehole ever to exist. Why had he bothered to come here? He surely couldn’t ask this man if the stories in the book was true or not. Not unless he wanted to be thrown out on his arse. Besides, hadn’t the book convinced him there was no way he’d met a person of the deep? Still, there was something that felt off about the entire situation.
“But- I can’t just invite myself into their pack!”
“Touch me John. Please touch me.”
Realizing he was out of time, Sherlock could only stare in horror, on his knees on the kitchen floor, as he heard John come through the flat door. Seconds later and John stood in the entrance to the kitchen. He looked from the mess, to Sherlock, and back again, his brow furrowed.
Holding John’s gaze, Sherlock swiped his thumb through the come on his chin and licked it off. John’s eyes darkened and glinted in the low light of the bedroom.
He wished he could tell John everything. He wished John could help him with cases again, wished he’d move back into the flat, wished...there were so many things he wished it almost choked him. It was pointless though, and right now the lies kept John safe. The chance at love was long gone for them and after taking down Mary, Sherlock was sure their friendship would be over too.
“They’re four people inside,” Sherlock said after a quick scan with his senses.
He should refuse. He should say he had an important experiment and make a break for it, but he couldn’t.  The thought of being allowed to touch John, to feel that warm muscled flesh under his hands, was too intoxicating.
“You talked to them already?”
“No no! It’s fine! I have to get Rosie anyway,” he stood up slowly and set down his cup.
“I’m John.”
They eventually parted when Sherlock was smiling too wide to continue.
“Thank you,” he said, “I’ll text you tomorrow and we can set something up.”
The head stone remained impassive. John sighed and unwrapped the flowers from there paper. He carefully set them against the stone, and removed last week’s wilted bunch.
The problem was; Sherlock Holmes was completely and irrevocably in love with John Watson, and he was absolutely terrified of telling him.
“I’d kill for a cuppa,” John said, giving Sherlock a grin.
“I have for a long time now, Sherlock,” John plowed on, “Years really. Before you faked you death and after you came back. I loved you then...I love you now.”
Swallowing, John wobbled across the  floor and grabbed his cane. He glanced down at the book in his hands and up at the girl behind the counter, who was busy with a spreadsheet of some sort. Licking his lips he walked over to the counter and smiled as she rung up the book.
John was happy to hear she sounded sober, if a little over enthusiastic.
Sherlock turned to face John, now dressed in the same jeans and shirt he’d left the flat in. The doctor was smiling at him the same way he’d smiled at the opponent in the ring; wide and wicked.
“You should probably head inside, it’ll only get colder.”
He smiled at Mike, relief coursing through him. Sherlock was
Sherlock related the details of the case in the cab, as it slowly crawled through traffic toward their destination.
“Mrs Hudson left biscuits!” Sherlock called after him, making himself comfy on his chair.
Soon he was fielding all sorts of magical questions and half expecting Carlotta to ask to be his apprentice when Devaki spoke up, getting their attention.
“I’m going to wash this blood off. Order a take away while I do?” John asked, sliding his arms around Sherlock’s waist.
there was a
“You knew?” Sherlock said, eyes narrowing.
“Don’t look like that,” he said softly, giving Sherlock’s hand a squeeze, “I’ll be back on my feet by tomorrow, tonight even if I take it easy.”
“Hurry John!” Sherlock yelled as he tore around the corner, his coat flapping behind him.
The café was crowded with the lunch time rush when Sherlock and John entered five days later. John and Devaki had been texting for a few days and had nailed down a place to meet. From the messages Sherlock could tell Devaki was just as eager to meet John as John was to meet her.
, and that man twisted together in bed. In his mind he could see the mystery man’s hands gliding over John’s skin,
Then they found themselves kissing once more, the fire roaring away in the fire place, the sounds from the road drifting through the windows, Mrs. Hudson’s telly a tinny sound in the distance. But here, in a messy kitchen, they kissed and kissed. After take away there’d be more kissing, Sherlock was sure of it, and after that…well.... maybe his fantasy would become a reality after all.
Sherlock could only blink at the mess of front of him. How had something so simple gone so horribly wrong? He sighed again, his eyes feeling suspiciously prickly as he crouched down to pick up the vegetables from the floor.
Sherlock gulped and nodded. If John could render him senseless with his tongue, he couldn’t wait to see what he could do with his fingers.
Sherlock’s stomach plummeted. He numbly set the milk on the counter and strode off toward his bedroom, not even hearing John calling after him.  In the sitting room, when he first thought John’s absences were related to sex, he’d thought it had been with another woman. The smell proved otherwise. It was another
“These.” A delicate flick to the tip.
John nodded, swallowing passed the dryness in his throat and stood up slowly. The chase had taken more out of him than he thought.
“Sherlock. Sherlock wait.”
The ride to the hospital passed in blurr of discomfort and anxiety for John. Finally, finally  he was put in a room, ported up and left to enjoy his drip.
There were many stupidly sappy things Sherlock could have said in that moment, instead he said, “Me too.”
Minchel was quicker than he thought. He hooked his foot around Sherlock’s ankle and let go of the pipe, causing Sherlock to fall hard to the alley floor. Damn it! He should have anticipated that move! His shoulder scraped the wall as he went down hard on his arse. Minchel laughed cruelly above him, and lifted his leg to give Sherlock a kick.
That’s when he saw it.
“I’ll start packing so we can get to the house a bit earlier and relax.”
“None of that now Sherlock. You’re here to
The sound of running footsteps caused both of them to look back to the mouth of the alley. John Watson was running towards them, a look of rage on his face. Before Minchel could react, John was on him.
John was on her in an instant. Smothering a kernel of guilt- she was a murderer after all- he charged forward and followed her to the floor. Ignoring the shouts around him and the fuzziness in his head as he pressed a knee into her back and kept her shoulders pinned.
His words trailed off as he stuffed a fist into his mouth, biting down to suppress a whine of pain. It wasn’t always this bad. Usually he’d chat with the stone, tear up a little and leave. Today, John could feel a full break down coming on. He needed to get back home, where he could curl up in bed with one of Sherlock’s old shirts and let himself go.
, before he darted after John toward his bed room, hoping to hell John didn’t linger in the shower.
He stared up at Sherlock as the detective growled at whoever had touched him. Once the hand fell away, he turned his gaze back to John. Their eyes locked. The detective looked tired, with dark circles under his eyes and sallow cheeks.
do,” Sherlock cut in. “
John looked up into his face, at cheeks, nose, lips, eyes. Sherlock’s scent wafted over him and suddenly it was too much. Spots of colour clouded John’s vison as his knees gave out. The last thing he felt was Sherlock clutching his arm tight as he slid to the floor.
“Surely you don’t think adding assault to your charges will help your case?” Sherlock drawled in his best ‘you blithering idiot’ voice. The angrier Minchel was, the more likely he would be to make a mistake.
“God Sherlock those
He opened his mouth, moaning softly as John’s tongue slowly slid against his own. John made a muffled noise and got on his knees, shuffling closer to Sherlock until their chests were pressed together. Sherlock tightened his hold around John’s waist and pulled him down onto his lap, as they kissed and kissed. Relief and joy at his returned affection coursed through Sherlock as he cupped the back of John’s head in one hand, carding his fingers through the soft hair. John made another one of those delicious sounds against his mouth and deepened their kiss.
. It was a simple word, a word that seemed almost too trivial to describe how he felt, but it was true. It was so exhaustingly true.
Sherlock recoiled, taking a hasty step back, his hands falling to his sides. “I-
John knew that sneer, it was the sneer that meant Sherlock was hurt and trying to hide. John’s rage swelled. What the fuck did Sherlock have to be hurt about?
Sherlock winced and nodded, staring at the ground. “Some members of the homeless network.”
Sherlock stared at him, his cheeks ablaze, and his cock throbbing. John had done that to him,
The cruelest part of his dreams wasn’t having Sherlock so close again, although that was torture all on its own, it was the almost ‘I love yous’. The fact that even in his dreams he couldn’t get the one thing he wanted the most.
“John-John please.” Sherlock whispered, his voice horse.
“I’m sure I will,” Sherlock said, as he ripped the paper off.
A meeting and some fun.
Sherlock clamped his lips shut as he came, spurting over his hand and the wall. His knees shook as the pleasure coursed through him, and he slowly slumped onto his knees in the tub, breathing hard. The warm water pounded down onto Sherlock’s shoulders as his head hung low between them, his body shaking hard with pleasure. His hair hung limp and wet over his forehead.
Bile rose in John’s throat. Sherlock was really here, which meant- it meant that-
“Are you sure?” Aashriya asked softly, her eyes filled with concern. “I’ll understand if you can’t John, really.”
Heaving himself off the couch, Sherlock scooped his phone off the coffee table and headed into his bedroom. A few taps later and the phone was against his ear as he waited for his mother to answer.
Things were going wonderfully. John had been working with him full time for four months, two weeks and six days, and every single moment had been glorious. Well, of course not
Out of the corner of his eye he saw John’s eyebrows lift. Sherlock could see why. Devaki cut an impressive figure, clad in a blood red dress that clung to every curve and patent stilettos. She was sliding her coat off as she walked towards them, a coat that rivalled the Belstaff Sherlock couldn’t help but notice.
John swallowed the urge to correct the moniker. “Yes- um- Sorry to bother you but, I just wanted some information on a book.”
“So, boyfriend. That’s- that’s excellent,” John said, trying for a jovial smile and missing by a mile.
His thoughts came to a screeching stop when he entered the living room.
wasn’t in the mood for Harry’s antics. He was tired, stressed and still had to decide what to do about Sherlock. He must have been silent for too long as Harry’s voice came through the line again.
“It’s not like that mummy,” Sherlock said, feeling his face flame. “It’s-
“Sounds good!”
“So,” he said after a beat of silence, “You jumped so Moriarty wouldn’t kill me, Greg and Mrs. H,” John clarified, his voice hollow.
The wind blew then, rustling the leaves and making John shiver harder. Aashriya’s scent washed over him, clean and crisp, with a hint of something musky that he couldn’t pin down, and alpha. She was an
Swallowing, John pushed open the door and entered the shop. He didn’t know why the display made him feel so disturbed but he
“The broken temperature gauge?”
A broken whimper made its way past John’s lips, and Sherlock’s eyes narrowed.
“Lovely. I’m Martha Hudson. I run the bait shop.”
Sherlock blushed and nodded. “Everything was going fine until the oven-
Sherlock carefully looked around the alley. He motioned for John to stay behind him as the doctor caught up. Minchel was crafty and ruthless, the last thing they needed was for him to catch them off guard. He eased his way into the alley, keeping his eyes peeled. John stayed a few steps behind him, surveying the back and their left, while Sherlock took care of their front and right.
John froze, and spun around to face the detective, mute with shock.
. But ever since you saw me box it’s been driving me
The girl slipped out from behind the counter pulled the book from a low shelf. When she handed it to him it was heavier than he expected.
Sherlock blinked and focused on John. The doctor was still sitting on Minchel, who was quietly grumbling under breath and glaring daggers at the two of them. As their eyes met and held, Sherlock felt his cheeks heat.
Their first time going ‘all the way’, a phrase Sherlock scoffed at in a way that made John laugh fondly, was after Irene Adler had sauntered into their life. John was uneasy those few weeks Irene was around. True, Irene was an alpha like Sherlock, but alpha and alpha relationships weren’t unheard of, and if any two people were to go against social convention it was Sherlock and Irene.
She stopped talking at the look on John’s face, and smiled kindly at him. “What would you like to drink John?” she asked, and John was thank full for the subject change.
“How long was I out?” John asked as they neared the doors.
“Let me guess, no pack?”
Thank you for all the lovely comments, I'm so glad everyone is enjoying the story! A million thank you's to Lynn for being an amazing beta and advise giver!
. It couldn’t be.
The warmth bled right off of John’s face as he turned to stare coldly at Minchel. Glaring, he made his way over to the struggling criminal.
Sherlock frowned slightly at this reaction. He’d thought
He’d barely sat down when Ajay knocked and came through the door without waiting for a reply.
“So how’s the case?” John asked, smoothing a hand over his trousers.
He held out his hands to Nathan, and the medic grasped him firmly under the elbows and levered him up. Sherlock rose behind him, his hands firm on John’s hips, keeping him steady.
“You get so glum around the full moon, this is your chance change that,” Sherlock said, a thread of frustration sliding through him.
With that John dove down and swallowed Sherlock’s cock to the root.
Clearly all the talk of magic had gotten her excited.
Telegraphing his movements, Sherlock stepped into Ajay’s space, leaned down and kissed him.
Sherlock eyed him for a moment, his brow furrowed, before turning back to the board.
John grinned his chest puffing out ever so slightly.
“I- I want to suck you,” he panted, his eyes locking with John’s. “I want you to sit on the bed and I want to suck your cock.”
John regarded Aashriya, taking in her worry etched across her features. He wanted to help really but working a case would mean having to see Sherlock. The thought made his stomach clench.
Then they were kissing again. And again. And again.
Sherlock opened his mouth to answer when suddenly, a light came  on upstairs. John jumped and Sherlock hissed as footsteps descended the stairs inside.
“Yeah, just up the main road on the right. There’s a coffee shop around the corner that makes a decent cuppa, and the marina is over that way.” He pointed toward the left where John could just see the masts of several ships peeking over the tops of the buildings. “It’s a small town so don’t worry about getting lost.”
He kept up the massage, while John kept up a litany of murmured praise. He couldn’t help but look at the man as he rubbed, taking in the gold-grey of John’s hair, the freckles on his shoulders, a close up view of his scar. As he worked, John’s muscles relaxed under his hands, and the praise turned into a series of satisfied groans. Just when Sherlock felt like he would scream with frustration, John finally,
Sherlock hummed and kissed John again, nice and slow. Who cared about a temperature gauge when John was so close? They kept exchanging delicate kisses, John in Sherlock’s lap, his hands roaming from Sherlock’s face, to his neck, to his hair. Sherlock’s own hands stroked over John’s back and arms, holding him close. He was about to suggest moving to the couch when John’s stomach growled. Their eyes met and both men broke out into giggles.
Sherlock had destroyed John’s doubts one evening after explaining to John that as intriguing as Irene was, she was a woman, and they were both gay. Then, he’d pulled John onto his lap and proceeded to whisper exactly what he wanted John to do him once they got to the bedroom.
John went quiet, thinking, and Sherlock turned his gaze to the kitchen door as if he couldn’t wait for Ajay to come back. He thought about the time John had dozed off against his shoulder after a stake out to keep himself smiling.
John kissed him deeply, keeping up the smooth press and glide of his finger and maddeningly keeping his weight off of Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock moaned against John’s lips as the doctor added a second finger. The stretch burned a little, but John gentled his movements until the pleasure took over once again.
“For our income,” Sherlock said, propping his feet on the coffee table and folding his hands on his lap, trying to be as casual as possible.
With that John disappeared up the stairs to his room. Sherlock stood in the middle of the living room for a moment his hands limp at his sides as he thought about the
“Oh- well actually- yes,” Sherlock said, straightening his jacket.
“I’m afraid so Dr Watson,” Nathan said, as the ambulance started to move, “You’ll need IV to rehydrate.”
“Nope, I’m fine,” he said, his voice as chilly as the weather. With that he sat firmly down on the opposite side of the tree, his back to his new neighbor. There was a beat of silence, then he heard her walk slowly away.
John reached for the box, eyebrows lifted at the size and started on the paper. “I hope you didn’t spend too much.”
“These are sensitive, aren’t they?” he breathed damply against Sherlock’s chest, making him shiver, and thrust his chest toward John’s mouth. He needed to feel John’s mouth on him again, sucking and biting and- and-
He’d just turned down Brentfield road when something tickled against the rays he’d sent out. Sherlock looked around eagerly, slowing steps to give the spell time to hone in on who it was. It would also give the person time to sense him. Anyone with a thread of magic in them could sense another magical being; so a full werewolf and a full mage meeting would definitely know each other on sight.
John’s phone buzzed again and he warily stretched out an arm to snag it from the bedside table. A new row of texts form Sherlock greeted him.
“Alright?” he asked quietly, gently cupping Sherlock’s cheek.
John woke up to commotion. He was on the floor, although he had no memory of getting there, with his head pillowed on hard thighs. Sherlock’s scent was all around, causing him to instinctively turn toward the source. The musky scent filled his lungs and his mind reeled at the fact that this was actually happening. Sherlock was
Sherlock knew why. Of course he did. He was a genius after all, but that didn’t make the conclusion he’d drawn any less dangerous.
“Yes I did,” Lestrade said, crossing his arms. “If you want an autograph, you’re out of luck I’m afraid. Dad died two years ago.”
“Molly. Knew,” John cut in, his voice was flat with rage. The ringing in his ears was back as the truth of just how deeply he’d been deceived began to sink in.
“Well,” John said after a beat of silence, “What did you want to say?”
At first Sherlock thought John was going to the gym. This theory was quickly discarded as John never wore his workout clothes when he went to this place, nor did he carry a bag. Also, John always had a habit of telling Sherlock he was ‘heading to the gym’ when he was, so it couldn’t be there. Sherlock would have to keep investigating.
There was around of polite hellos and Sherlock and John were ushered into seats; Sherlock a green armchair and John on the sofa with Carlotta and Julia.
It was weeks later and Sherlock was near breaking point. Things between them were steadily getting more and more tense, and Sherlock just wanted relief. Change be damned. He was tired of keeping everything bottled up.
They met one day when John was sitting next to the large tree in his back yard, avoiding his father, who was in one of his moods. It was a chilly day and he was shivering in a too thin coat. He saw the girl come out of the house and shiver, before making her way quickly to the bins at the back of the yard. On her way back inside she spotted John and did a double take, before giving him a tentative smile.
With a jolt, he realized she was the first person to apologize for what he went through instead of asking how Sherlock was doing since he’d returned. The first to acknowledge that John had been through hell and wasn’t ready to do celebratory cartwheels over Sherlock coming back.
Shaking his head, he jogged down the stairs of the station, he’d call tonight before he lost his nerve.
How wrong John was. This would be the very thing that would kill Sherlock and it would be all John’s fault. Still touching John would be a pleasant last activity to do.
He would tell him after their next case. The adrenaline and thrill of solving it would be a perfect back drop. John loved the cases, and hopefully he loved Sherlock, so putting the two together should go well. At least that’s what Sherlock hoped.
“Can you stand John?” the detective asked quietly.
Please tell me what you think!
“Oh, Johnny
“Make it a take away.” John replied, standing up and holding out his hands to help Sherlock up. “it would be a shame to let the fire go to waste.”
“John,” he said, grinning, “this is Patrick.”
“Meet us at the café around the corner from my place. Don’t dawdle now,” Harry said sounding sly, and about to hang up.
“I- I think you should leave now Sherlock,” John said quietly, still looking away.
He gave Sherlock’s arm a squeeze before standing up. On the way to the kitchen his shoulder knocked into the coat rack, tipping it. He swore softly under his breath and shot John and Sherlock a self deprecating grin as he straightened the rack, smoothing John’s coat back into place.
Carlotta was in the green chair next him where Imran had been and Imran had somehow moved to the couch without Sherlock noticing.
Sherlock nodded, “Yes. He runs alone.”
With that he rose onto his tiptoes and kissed Sherlock Holmes softly on the lips.
“Let’s go home, Sherlock.”
Her suspicion increased and Sherlock wanted to kick himself. So much for not seeming creepy. He hastened to continue before she decided to leave or call for help.
Sherlock had to admit, Ajay was quite good at this.
Devaki smiled at them both. “See you then, and call me if you need anything!”
Harry was right, John did want to help. Aashriya was important to him, she’d helped him so much when he was younger, made him see himself in a positive light, he couldn’t bear to see her hurting.
John rolled his eyes, but he was smiling.
“I see your point,” Sherlock said with a smirk.
don’t have an income Sherlock. I mean we have separate incomes, but not-
“So…you want us to share the money we make on the cases? That wouldn’t be fair, Sherlock. I make enough at the clinic and I don’t want to mooch off of you so-
All evidence of his wanking gone, he grabbed his shampoo and got to work, little aftershocks still running through him. As he scrubbed he thought of his problem. Clearly telling John after a case wouldn’t do. He wracked his brain trying to think of something, but every idea seemed too cheesy or too boring. He was a genius for fuck’s sake, why was this so difficult!
“What the fuck are you doing?” John hissed as soon as the call connected.
She gave him a watery smile back.
“You miss having other wolves to run with,” Sherlock said, curling his fingers around John’s.
He thought it had been working since John had stopped visiting
Sherlock cut off that train of thought and inhaled subtly. There it was. Under the smell of wool and sweat there was the smell of cologne. A cologne that wasn’t John’s.
Tucking the flowers into the crook of his arm, he headed out of the shop and stopped dead in his tracks. There, across the street, was a very familiar black car idling softly. John scowled and turned away, marching down the pavement. This was the third time in the week he’d seen Mycroft’s car and he wasn’t in the mood. Not today of all days.
Slowly, as John spent more and more time at Aashriya’s house, and with her family, he found himself rethinking everything his parents had hammered into him about what being an omega meant. He found himself beginning to relish in his secondary gender, rather than detest it. He still wasn’t totally comfortable, after all which seventeen-year-old was ever totally comfortable with themselves, but Aashriya had helped plant the seed, which was something John would always be grateful to her for.
John sentence was cut off as Sherlock kissed him.
No. No it- no.
“You could have lead with that,” Sherlock said.
was about to start.
The sobs broke free, tearing out of mouth and scratching his throat. He pressed a hand hard over his eyes, as tears squeezed out pasted his eye lids and dripped into his palm. His shoulders shook with the force of his sobs as he grieved over his alpha, his detective, his Sherlock.
Sherlock took a deep breath. He’d said everything he possibly could on the matter without revealing his lo-
Sherlock laughed, a low sound that made John think of the jaguars he’d seen at the zoo. “Is that what they call us now?”
“I guess I’ll just have to up the ante then.”
“Really?”
Sherlock’s head spun as John began placing sucking kisses down his crack, getting closer and closer to his hole. When he finally kissed Sherlock over his opening the detective wailed in way he didn’t think he was capable of.
reflects the mood of the story up to this point, so I hope you give it a listen.
“Here you are John,” Ajay said, holding out the open packet of biscuits and perching on the arm of Sherlock’s chair once again.
(See the end of the chapter for
on tumblr, come say hi!
Sherlock blinked at him, feeling his face heat. John was learning to fight to help with the work, and to surprise him?
“That’s why I told her to ask you Johnny,” Harry said, moving to sit next to Aashriya and wrap an arm around her shoulders. “When I heard how serious it is, I knew you’d want to help.”
So far John hadn’t noticed him. John trotted along at quick pace, his stride revealing his excitement. It made Sherlock’s heart hurt, to see John so excited over someone else, someone who was not him. In Sherlock’s mind John’s lover had taken on Adonis-like qualities. He would be everything Sherlock wasn’t. Blond and built, where Sherlock was thin and wiry, kind and clam where Sherlock was harsh and volatile. Sherlock shook his head to clear his mind. He would find out if his deductions were right soon enough.
“Here’s what we’re going to do.” John said, when he’d pulled back, “I’m going to take a shower, and you are going to lie in that big bed of yours and wait for me. Then I’m going to take. You. Apart.”
By the time, Harry was at the middle of the queue, he and Aashriya were chatting enthusiastically about their secondary school days. John realized he was actually having a little fun. It was nice to talk about something totally un-Sherlock related, it made him relax and the knots in his stomach -that had been there since Sherlock manifested in a restaurant- uncoiled.
have worked several high profile cases together in the last few months, where
John sighed, “Alright I’ll be there.”
“Sherlock?” John’s voice was very soft and very kind.
“She seemed very open to the idea,” Sherlock pressed, “I can set it up if you’d like.”
“Answer me pet.” John continued, nipping harshly at Sherlock’s neck.
John immediately felt guilty. “No, it’s- I ca-
“No it’s not for me,’ Sherlock cut in, “it’s for my partner. He’s a wolf.”
“Sherlock? Are you okay?”
John’s eyebrows rose at the precise number but he kept quiet. It didn’t feel like something to tease Sherlock about.
Now it was Sherlock’s turn to blink at John. “What?”
Soon the marina came into a view. Two dozen boats sat amongst old wooden piers, masts jutting up like some sort of weird forest. The sails flapped loudly in the breeze. A low pale green building sat on the shore nestled between  the rocks of the beach. John walked closer, wondering if it was a bait shop. When he saw the brass plate mounted above the door he froze for the second time that day.
skin.
Sherlock smothered a whine behind his teeth and stroked faster, thumbing over his glands. The fatigue from the case and failed love confession meant he wouldn’t last very long.
The medic nodded and carefully took the water bottle from him. “Let’s get you up then.”
Sherlock’s own legs were stretched out on either side of his own, and his chest was warm against John’s back. At anyother time John would have protested being held like this in public, but right now all he cared about was that it was warm and the room wasn’t spinning.
“John?”
Julia rolled her eyes, “Even for his own wedding.” When John looked at her she waved a heavy ringed finger at him and winked.
A black cab finally turned onto the road and Aashriya stretched an arm up, getting its attention. As she focused on the cab John found himself looking at her again. She was still reasonable fit, he noticed idly, taking in her long lean body under the camel coloured coat. She was dressed sharp, in a black blouse tucked neatly into a black pencil skirt, perfectly tailored to fit. Just from looking at the clothes he could tell they were expensive. Watching her hailing a cab, with the breeze gently blowing her curls and the sharpness of dress, he found himself thinking of Sherlock.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock nodded, he didn’t trust his voice at the moment. Here was John, his John, crouched between his legs and being oh-so-gentle after taking down one of London’s most wanted with ease.
.” John spat.
That’s when he realized… he was in Sherlock’s lap.
John shot him a playfully suspicious look and tossed the last of the paper aside. As he began opening the lid of the box, Sherlock suddenly felt nervous. What if John thought his gift was stupid? Or lazy?
“I just admired the book, is all,” he continued. “I had hoped I could met him.”
“Yes, I guess we do.” Aashriya replied, shooting Harry a grin.
“No! Wait!” John called, waving frantically at the water. He needed answers, damn it! “Come back!”
“The medics are here,” Greg’s voice came from somewhere above them, but John couldn’t be arsed to look around.
And it was absolutely perfect.
The girl retreated back behind the counter as John tuned the book over with one hand. Propping his cane against a shelf, he walked over to a low couch tucked into a corner of the store and sat down. The spine of the book cracked as he opened it, the heavy glossed pages smooth under John’s fingers as he flipped to the table of contents. Whoever designed the book had had the pages printed to look aged, with a few ‘coffee stains’ and ‘ink spots’ thrown in to give it the look of an old journal.
John knew Sherlock would hate the sentiment of flowers. True, Sherlock could be romantic when the mood hit him; dancing in the living room, romantic dinners at Angelo’s for no reason, but things like flowers he didn’t really see the point of. Still, John felt it was a tradition he wanted to uphold, taking flowers to Sherlock’s grave.
Sherlock kept his eyes glued to John. The bright over head lights and recessed position of the balcony kept him in the shadows. He was confident no one would see him, something he became very,
Sherlock yawned and nodded, sleep tugging at him.
“Who else? Who else knew?” John asked, a strange sort of calm sweeping over him.
. It was a look he knew well, a look that meant he was about to be laid into.
John gasped quietly, but before Sherlock could pull away and apologize, John was kissing him back. Soft and firm and perfect. The dragon got squashed between them as Sherlock pulled John closer, wrapping his arms tight around John’s waist and tilting his head.
different circumstances and it wasn’t helping.
The book in John’s bag suddenly seemed to weigh a thousand pounds and his gut tightened. Surely it couldn’t be the same Lestrade? The man would have to be well into his nineties if the book was to be believed. Cane barely touching the ground, John crossed the pier and pushed through the heavy wooden door.
Sherlock nodded helplessly, tossing his head on the pillow.
John was smiling at him, his face warm with joy. He slid his hands up Sherlock’s back and cupped the back of his neck, his thumbs rubbing the delicate skin behind Sherlock’s ears.
Sherlock’s jaw snapped shut and he swallowed hard.
They were at dinner at Angelo’s the next night, with a candle John no longer bothered protesting, pasta and fine wine. John was giggling and trying to smoother it as Sherlock deduced people around them for his enjoyment and then launched into a comical retelling of their last case.
“Devaki?”
“So you managed to show up befor- John!”
John nervously tugged at his jumper as Sherlock subtly waved his fingers and created a table for them. it was a simple trick of duplicating a nearby table combined with a distraction spell so no one would notice. They’d just told the waitress they were waiting for a third party when the bell above the door jangled and Devaki walked in.
John stared at him and the reality of what he just said hit Sherlock like a freight train.
Now, here he was. The pasta bubbling merrily away on the stove with nothing to go with it, a bowl of goop that was supposed to be dressing on the counter, and a dish of blackened chicken in his mittened hands. He sighed and looked at the clock, John should be home in half an hour, that would give him plenty of time to clean up. He would have to reschedule his confession,
Sherlock nodded his cheek pressed against John’s head. “Indian?”
“Why’d you make me watch?” John said, his head snapping up to look at Sherlock.
“Yes Sherlock, I know that. What I don’t know is
Sherlock looked back at him, lips pressed together. He was clearly struggling with what he wanted to say.
John’s strong arms slid around his waist and gently flipped Sherlock over onto his back.
“Umm-
“Has anyone every kissed you here, Sherlock?” John whispered, pressing a kiss behind Sherlock’s ear.
“We’d love to, but we have a mandir service tomorrow night.”
What Sherlock didn’t understand was why John didn’t just quit his job and join him full time on the cases. The Mary Incident, as it was known in Sherlock’s mind, was long passed. John was back at Baker Street full time, and Sherlock had picked back up a steady stream of clients,
“Could you help me?” John asked, smiling at him and rolling his shoulders. “Get the stiffness out I mean?”
Executing a sharp about face, John turned and marched out of the grave yard, leaving the cold headstone with the words he wished he could have said to the man below.
John waved back and began heading up the road; a book and a coffee sounded delightful.
“John attempts at poetry are dismal at best.”
married John would be glad his bizarre friend was finally setting down.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and crossed his legs primly.
Outside the café, John and Aashriya stood alone. Harry had taken off for her flat, since it was just around the corner and Aashriya was trying to hail a cab. She’d offered John a ride home, but he’d declined once he learned they were going in opposite directions.
Finally,
for the fight. Sherlock’s jaw actually dropped when he saw John from the front. His chest had broadened along with his shoulders, his pectorals now hard and strong. The bullet wound was a star shaped patch of pink skin on his shoulder that did nothing to mar the beauty of John’s body. Instead it made him look dangerous, interesting.
“I’ll get it.” Harry said, standing up, “I know what John likes.”
“There were snipers on you, Les-
Devaki laughed outright, “I read you do that.”
“Thank you, John,” Sherlock breathed down the line.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock clenched his eyes shut and curled his hands into fits. Jealously surged through him as he unwilling pictured John and some shadowy figure sat close together in a warm cafe, laughing and
She hesitated a moment and then pulled John into a strong hug. Her scent hit him again, making him think of warm summer days and lazing around watching telly on her old, saggy couch.
It was divine.
Sherlock nodded, his lips tight. “He had snipers on you three I-
“So Sherlock was telling me-
“I know it’s too soon, so let’s just keep kissing yes?” Sherlock said desperately.
“Of course Greg. No worries.” John said smiling at the DI. Greg gave them both another knowing smile and walked off.
When John Watson was sixteen years old he had his first heat.
Gently, John slid his pointer finger into Sherlock’s body. The detective gasped and tossed his head back as he was breached for the first time. Thanks to John’s thorough rimming, there was no pain, and he could just enjoy the slow glide of John’s finger in and out of him.
“Fucking queers.” Minchel spat.
John’s eyes were burning into his own, darker than Sherlock had ever seen. He prowled closer, and Sherlock’s breath caught as John came within touching distance.
Sherlock pulled back suddenly, eyes wide and breathing harsh. John didn’t let him go far. Before Sherlock could panic, John gently cupped a hand around the back of his neck and pulled Sherlock back in.
“You were amazing you know.” John growled as he kissed his way down Sherlocks neck. “So perfect, putting that pretty mouth to such good use.”
Oh right, John had forgotten he’d wanted to go. After last night he wasn’t sure he wanted to leave his bed at all. Then again, he didn’t exactly want to be alone with his thoughts either.
Sherlock blushed and nodded. He kept his eyes locked with John’s as he slowly unfastened his trousers and slid them down his legs. John’s eyes followed his movements, his eyes blazing brighter as more of Sherlock’s skin was revealed.
The world came to grinding halt. John’s eyes went wide. That voice, that
“Ah, and Rosie?”
It was real. Sherlock was there.
“Oh yes, he made me swear to alter that detail or he wouldn’t pay.”
John’s eyes flicked between them as Ajay perched on the arm of Sherlock’s chair and Sherlock curled an arm around his waist. Thankfully, it was easier to fake affection with Ajay than it had been with Janine. The man was built the way Sherlock liked; shorter than him and compactly muscled, much like John…
Sherlock took a moment to listen to them calling back and forth to each other. It was easy for him to pick John’s howls out of the others. He was attuned to it after so many years together. Sending a thank you to the watching stars, Sherlock headed back into the house. He was sure there was enough tea in the pot for another cup and
Sherlock gasped.
He went to the loo and checked his appearance in the mirror.
Sherlock nodded and pulled out another letter with an almost manic smile.
“Bill!” John shouted.
I made reservations.”
This was happening, this was really happening. John felt blood go south and he lifted his hips but Sherlock was still kneeling and John found nothing but air.
“Sherlock, what do you want?” John asked.
He and this stranger were about the same height, actually.
Sherlock ran his fingers through his hair.
John considered her offer. “Alright,” he agreed.
“I’m going to get into something a little more comfortable,” Sherlock said as he stood.
“Sherlock,” John groaned. He kissed down Sherlock’s neck. When Sherlock groaned John bit down. Sherlock moaned and John sucked a mark there.
John hadn’t had time to shave so when Sherlock moved on to kissing his jawline and lips he got beard burn. He decided that as sexy John was with facial hair it wasn’t worth it. Still, he catalogued the feel, the rough scraping against his sensitive lips, the scratch against his cheeks. He distantly thought that maybe, had John had a beard when they’d first met, his feelings would differ.
“If mine is John Holmes-Watson I don’t have to change initials.”
He went upstairs and found Sherlock curled up asleep next to a used tissue.
John's eyes went wide. "Just how many things are on this list that we have to go again so soon?"
After he brushed a hand along Sherlock’s flank John turned the massager to its lowest setting.
“Of course,” John muttered. He didn’t really know what he was agreeing to - he was too lost in his thoughts.
“MERSA, they said. I don’t know how I survived.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock, look at me,” John said.
sub. John had been shot and abandoned but he still had the strength to march out of the cab and down the hallway. He was in an impossible situation but he hadn’t given up. He was strong. He made Sherlock want to be worthy of him. And they’d only just met. How deep would Sherlock fall for him after a month, a year?
“Her name’s Renee, and we- um-
“I believe this is the amount your website stipulated?” she said, handing Sherlock a cheque decorated with a miserable looking Robin.
Ajay ate another biscuit, and raised a questioning eyebrow at Sherlock.
Sherlock stood in front of his table, dressed in his usual suit, his hands clasped tightly in front of him. A loud ringing started in John’s ears as he sat frozen. It had finally happened, he had finally gone insane. He blinked hard, trying to remain calm, but the vision remained. Over Sherlock’s shoulder, John saw Angelo gaping in horror, one hand clamped over his mouth as he stared at Sherlock.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “You’re not ‘inviting yourself’.
“Ah I see,” Sherlocked paused, “Well I hope you have the stomach for it.”
Hands shaking slightly, he slid off his gloves and rubbed his hands together to warm them before placing them on John’s shoulders. John’s shoulders drooped at the contact, his head hanging forward. For Sherlock it was better than he could have imagined. John’s skin was smooth and firm under his hands. Sherlock dug in carefully, kneading the muscles under all that glorious, golden skin.
Sighing heavily, he trudged into the bathroom and began getting ready.
When he finally pulled back, both men were panting hard. Sherlock stole one more quick peck, before lightly pressing his forehead against John’s. The doctor was smiling widely, looking happier than Sherlock had seen in a long while.
“How can help you, Mr. Watson?”
John had settled back at Baker Street, and things were back to normal. Well, as close to normal as things could ever be at Baker Street. It was good, better than good. The only problem was this
“Why, yes. Would you like to see him?”
“Ah well, good then.”
, and looking- looking at him like
Next time...Greg returns and the plot thickens!
John was staring at Sherlock as if he’d suddenly grown a second head. He looked between Sherlock and Ajay, his mouth agape and biscuit forgotten in his hand.
A new family had moved in next door. John had watched idly from his window as the moving truck pulled up in front of the new house. An Indian family climbed out, stretching and chatting animatedly. It was a typical family; mother, father, a son and daughter. The son was on the other side of the car so John couldn’t see him clearly, but the daughter was in view. It was too far to see details; all John cold see was long curly hair and the suggestion of high cheek bones. It was enough to peek John’s interest.
He reached out and gently took Sherlock’s hand in his own.
John froze when he saw what Sherlock was looking at. It was Sherlock’s old scarf, hanging neatly on the hook next to John’s coat. John’s stomach tightened and felt dreadfully exposed all of a sudden. The feeling increased as Sherlock gently took the scarf off the hook and brought it to his nose.
John looked slightly nauseous, but took a biscuit anyway. He crammed half into his mouth and chewed almost angrily. Sherlock himself felt irked. He hated the tension between them, but more than that, he hated that John was angry over his supposed relationship. As if John hadn’t gone off first. As if he hadn’t stayed with someone who’d killed Sherlock.
John had been watching him for a few minutes, the desire for action building and building within him.
In the end, after three days of sweating and crying and coming till he was dry, it was finally
They sat down and placed their orders when the waitress reappeared. A bit of an awkward silence fell, well it was awkward for Sherlock, Devaki and John were sniffing at each other and if John’s tail were present Sherlock was sure it would be wagging.
Turning around, Sherlock saw John a few paces behind, looking into a shop window with a faraway look on his face. In a swirl of his coat, that certainly wasn’t on purpose, Sherlock strode back to John’s side to see what had put such an odd mix of melancholy and fondness on his face. He glanced between the window and John, then back again. John seemed to be staring at a huge, plush, dragon stuffy. It was one of those with a long tail and floppy wings meant to be draped over a bed head. Sherlock had had one himself when he was younger. In fact, he was willing to bet money it was still curled around his bedhead in his childhood home. His father was sentimental in that way.
Sherlock was stunned for a moment, unsure of what to say so instead he leant forwards, hoping John would catch on. The soldier did, leaning forwards the rest of the way and claiming the detective’s lips. It felt like electric had jolted through the both of them, but it mostly felt... right. Like curling up in a fluffy blanket, with a hot drink on a cold winter night. Like listening to waves crashing against rocks. John smiled into the kiss as Sherlock melted, his body pressing against John’s. They parted and Sherlock put his head (albeit a bit uncomfortably due to their height difference) on John’s shoulder and the soldier wrapped his arms tightly against Sherlock, refusing to let him go.
“Sherlock, what’s all your fault?”
“How in the world do you know that Molly is with her?” John asked incredulously before adding, “Actually, no don’t answer that,”
Sherlock scoffed, glancing anywhere but John. They waited for a while before Lestrade came over to them.
