“It was Tiberius, he drugged Tony and drove away with him before Bucky could stop them. According to Buck there was also another man with Stone in the car. Bucky sent the registration number of the car to Phil and he and the rest of his team are most likely working on tracking it down right now.”
“I can probably send you blueprints of the building in a minute, I just need to hack the other computer, I'll send it to Bruce's laptop.”
Rhodey was staring suspiciously at Steve and before Tony could ask what was wrong, his friend spoke up.
Stone looked down on him more like a disappointed parent who had caught their kid with a hand down the cookie jar rather than someone who was about to make his life a living hell.
Steve nodded his head with a brave face on but the fear was clear in his eyes. They didn't call Bruce “The Hulk” for nothing.
Instead of responding Steve kissed him and moved to remove his shirt which Tony happily complied with.
Merry (late) Christmas (and happy Hanukkah to you who celebrate it! :) ) and a Happy (late) New Year!
“I don’t know what happened to your fath- Howard.” she almost whispered “He used to be the most loving husband and devoted father I had ever known, he made me fall in love with him over and over again, every day. But after a couple of years, the man I fell in love with slowly faded away. Suddenly all he cared about was his company and how much money he would make, everything ceased to matter to him, one thing at the time. He was willing to do anything, and I mean anything to succeed. I always hoped that the man I loved was still in there somewhere, I never really stop loving him until one day. That was when I turned to drugs for comfort and in turn, away from you, my love, and I pray to God that you one day can find it in your beautiful heart to forgive me for that.”
A large man leaned on the glass door next to the young genius and smirked down at him. Said genius didn't notice as he was putting the milk in his basket until the man spoke up.
With that he nodded at the two men who were still standing by the door and walked out of the room, door locking behind him.
As Tony lied on the dirty mattress in the cold basement he got lost in his thoughts. He thought about how much he misses his team and what he wouldn't do to see them again. He wished he had visited Jarvis and Ana more. He regrets not calling aunt Peggy and uncle Daniel enough. He longs for the familiar embraces of Pepper and Rhodey. He wonders how his mother is holding up, if she knows that he's here, what is happening to him. If she cares.
He was only met by silence, but he just grinned and walked over to Tony who just tried to scoot further away from his tormentor. Brock let out a little laugh before gripping the teens arm hard and practically threw him across the room.
“Anthony, oh bambino I'm so sorry! What have they done to you my poor baby boy!?” she cried out while her hands cupped Tony's cheeks and looked over his face.
Steve gave a small smile and walked away. Tony, still beat red in the face, touched his cheek where he had been kissed lightly. He felt warm all over and went into his new gigantic room.
Steve, of course, offered to help since it would be quite difficult with one of his hands wrapped in a cast.
Tony couldn't help himself, he doubled over laughing, coffee forgotten on the table in front of him. Steve beamed at seeing the boy laugh and just looking so happy. Tony ignored the slight pain in his ribs and stood up, wiping tears from his eyes. He looked up and saw Steve standing right in front him with a tender smile on his face.
Tony looked to his side and saw that it was Steve that had spoken up. Dang even his voice was sexy, Tony thought to himself.
“Well, at least you don't have to worry about him anymore” he said while caressing Tony's cheek with one hand and gripping him tighter with the other. Tony leaned into the touch and lightly kissed Steve's wrist. “He won't bother you anymore.”
He told them how Tony managed to escape Rumlow (which earned him a bunch of proud expressions) and how he had managed to get in contact with them and also blow up the entire facility.
“I swear I'll never let you out of my sight again.” Tony just chuckled at that but buried his head further into Steve's neck.
“Hey, none of that. I don't mind, besides, it's my fault that you are even in this situation in the first place.” A guilty expression crossed his face and Tony own was making a confused one.
After a while he felt that the food in his stomach was gonna stay in place and that his head wasn't gonna explode he lifted his head and started to take in his surroundings. He was sitting on a simple white madrasse that had a red blanket on in a dark room that contained a simple lamp in the ceiling, a small faucet that was slowly dripping water and a door with a tiny opening on.
“You're crazy Ty! I don't want anything to do with you anymore! You abandoned me when I needed you the most and all this time that I've been with Steve have honestly been the best time of my life! Now leave me the hell alone!”
Steve haven't felt this kind of anger and worry since Bucky lost his arm and Steve had to wait with him for hours and keep him from bleeding to death while waiting for rescue.
Tony was on his bed, sheets spread around him and pillow on the floor. The boy was at the center of his bed curled up in a little ball with his arms covering his chest protectively. He was still asleep despite all the shaking and screaming he was letting out and when Steve stepped closer he saw tear tracks on Tony's red cheeks. He sat down on the bed and put his arms around his sweetheart and tried to soothe him.
“You know what” he chuckled “I'll let him go.” Before anyone could blink Howard had his gun against Tony's head and a shot rang out followed by a body hitting the floor.
When he opened the door he was met with the mouthwatering smell of coffee and headed towards the small kitchen he and Bruce shared.
Tony stood frozen, his eyes staring straight at the barrel of a gun three inches from his face. When he looked up at the person holding the gun he saw a beautiful redheaded woman with a stony expression on her face. It felt like her sharp green eyes were looking right into his soul and after what felt like an hour but was actually a few mere seconds a voice spoke up.
Tiberius Stone that abandoned you when you needed him the most and the reason you ended up on the street?”
To visit that day they had been forced to lie to mr Stark about Ana having a doctor's appointment in the city which could possibly take up the whole day. They knew he would get suspicious if they asked for another day off so soon after the last time, they were used to work almost everyday in the Stark household.
“Tomorrow morning, dear. I'm sorry, but I must go now as I was just supposed to retrieve your father's notes and I have been gone for too long, but I just had to see you for myself. Just to make sure that you were truly here. But don't worry, soon you will be free and I promise you, you will never have to see that awful man ever again, mark my words.” she hurried.
He had managed to sneak a shard of glass into his pocket when Brock had smashed it against his back the previous day before it was all removed. He was gonna try to use it to escape and he needed to do it really soon before one of his legs got broken or anything so that he wouldn't be able to walk.
When Tony turned to look at the Captain he barely contained a gasp. Light blue eyes met his own brown ones and attached to those eyes was the most gorgeous man Tony had ever laid his eyes on. The man was easily above 6 feet and was made of pure muscle. His blond hair looked golden in the sunlight and Steve himself looked like some kind of Adonis.
The rest of the team were already gathered around the table, eating breakfast and talking to each other. They greeted the couple and when Tony sat down in one of the chairs and gave a slight wince most of them let out some catcalls.
“I had such a strange and horrible dream dear” he began “I dreamt that Anthony had been taken by his father and was being kept in the mansion right under our noses and we didn't suspect a thing.” Anas eyes filled with sadness but before she could answer a voice spoke up from the other side of the bed.
Doctor Cho led them to a room down some hallways away and opened the door. There was a bed in the middle of the white room against one of the walls.
Clint suggested that they play some video games to pass time and they settled down on the couch with a beer each.
Tony sighed before replying with a “fine”. The brunette grabbed his basket and headed towards the cash register to pay for his milk and quickly walked back to the mansion.
“You like that Cap? You like having me grinding down on you like a little slut? Want me to ride you?”
They fell asleep like that, Steve holding Tony close to his chest and their legs tangled together and perfectly happy.
Cold air hit his skin when Brock ripped of his underwear and by that point he was openly sobbing. He felt his legs being separated and cold hands, not warm like steve's, grope his ass. The sound of someone spitting cut through the groaning and the crying in the room and raw terror spread through Tony while he waited for the inevitable.
After a few minutes Steve slowly nodded and backed away, never leaving the woman with his eyes and sat down and started to search for more HYDRA bases.
When Tony had caught Bruce up on his situation the older man had immediately offered Tony to come stay at his place.
“Please, she won't let anyone tease you and you know that you have to be really stupid or Clint to dare to go against her.”
Steve gave a grim nod and started to retell what Tony had told him. He explained everything from when they took him, to Rumlow's torture, to Schmidt’s talks. When he told them about the rape he could see everyone tense up and anger spread across their faces and was forced to stop so that they could calm down before continuing.
“It's good to be back Brucie.” Bruce, for once, didn't comment on the nickname as he made his way out of the room.
Tony kicked him in the face and let go of his human shield and dashed out the entrance, trying to avoid the spray of bullets.
“Now, I'm not going to bother you anymore as I believe that you'd rather focus on finding mr Stark but if there is anything I can do to help then please let me know.”
They settled down by the table with the rest of the team already were and waiters were already bringing out pancakes. Apparently the Avengers were a bit of a big deal here and we're to be served ASAP. Tony ended up squeezed between Steve and Bucky with a plate of steaming blueberry pancakes in front of him.
By now Rodney was trembling with anger and Tony had to put his hand over his to get him to look him in the eyes. There were angry tears gathering in Rhodey's eyes and he moved his grip to Tony's hand.
When he finally reached the supermarket he had almost managed to calm down completely and he grabbed a shopping basket and made his way towards the milk section. He grabbed a gallon of regular milk and a gallon of lactose free milk for Clint since the man's stomach really couldn't handle regular and that would be a punishment for Clint and anyone within five miles of him.
Tony beamed and pressed a quick kiss to Steve lips before getting up and getting dressed in his black pajama shorts and one of Steve's large red T-Shirts. Steve himself put on a pair of grey sweatpants and a black muscle shirt. They liked their hands together and made their way downstairs to the kitchen where the smell of waffles was oozing out. The whole team were settled around the table and were waiting for the waffles that were still being cooked by Bruce. Bruce stood by the stove and tried to ignore the whining of his teammates telling him that they were hungry while cooking waffles and wearing a green apron that said ‘SMASH’, a Christmas present from Bucky.
“Bruce, listen to me. I know that you just want to protect me and keep my heart from getting broken but I know what I'm doing. I really like Steve and for some strange reason, he likes me to. So please, let me do this. You are the one who always told me that you just wanted me to be happy, and this is making me happy.” To add to the effect Tony put on his best puppy face, the one he knew Bruce couldn't resist. Bruce looked at Tony and then towards Steve who was getting pulled up by Bucky.
On his way there he passed the place that Rumlow had blow up and kidnapped him. He stopped briefly and rubbed at his chest where the shrapnel had entered and tried to get rid of the phantom pains that blossomed at the memory.
How dare these scumbags hurt what's his!? He hoped that Phil would find some survivors so that he could make them pay.
“He is right Tony. You are safer here since nobody knows about this location. And we will only be gone for a couple of hours and you will have Clint here with you.”
“I thought we could shower together, you know, to save water and time. Wouldn't want a furious Natasha barging in here because we wouldn't hurry up and she is craving pancakes.”
This resulted in another wave of laughter from the team and Tony and Clint just crossed their arms over their chests a with puts on their faces, though the pouts were for entirely different reasons.
Tony had stopped sobbing by the time Brock had finished but silent tears were still making their way down his cheeks. He looked towards the now locked door as if they would return any second. He tried to sit up but the movement made his stomach turn and he turned his head and threw up everything he had in his stomach onto the floor.
Tony quickened his pace when he spotted the relatively empty cafe and tried to focus on not getting hit by a car. He entered the small cafe and looked around when he spotted Ty sitting alone in a booth with two steaming mugs of coffee on the table in front of him. The blonde was hurriedly writing something on his phone with his lower lip in between his teeth, a sign that he was either nervous or stressed.
“Yeah kiddo it's just me, come on stay awake, let's get you out of here.” Replied the man and started to pull the genius up and practically carrying him to his car.
After around twenty minutes he stepped out of the shower and brushed his teeth and swallowed his medicine. He went back out to his room and dug out a pair of black sweat pants that were a little too big on him and his favorite Black Sabbath T-Shirt.
“I was talking to Erik Lehnsherr, boss of the Brotherhood mob. He told us to meet him at the Hellfire club tomorrow afternoon before it opens to discuss what he can do to help us.”
Before thinking about the consequences he managed to get access to one of the largest ones and calculated how long it would take for him to get out of the building and to a safe distance in his condition before the building blew sky high.
Steve and Bruce just looked at each other over his head and rolled their eyes at his childishness. Steve then bent down and kissed him hard on the lips and started to roll him out of his room and towards the exit. Tony would be jumping up and down if he could, he was so excited. After spending almost a week staring at the same four walls 24/7 he felt like he was slowly losing his mind. Getting closer to the exit he pumped his fists up.
Tony looked at the smirking archer and flipped him off and just as he opened his mouth to answer, a voice spoke up from the entrance of the room.
“What do you want Tony, tell me what you want me to do. Do you want me to fuck that pretty ass of yours? Pound you so hard that you'll be able to feel me for days? So that the whole team will know exactly what happened?”
A nurse soon came in and hooked him up to some more morphine. Tony felt his eyelids growing heavier and heavier by the second and before he fell asleep once again he could feel the teams warm looks on him and felt Steve press a kiss to the top of his head.
“Slowly bambino” she reminded him as he tried to gulp the water down “take it easy or you'll just throw it all back up again.”
Phil had become strangely protective over the young genius during the year after the last kidnapping had occurred. He had come over to the mansion a lot and he and Tony had bonded quite a bit during that time and now Tony considered him a bit of a father figure. Not that he would ever admit it to anyone other than Steve which he had to on a few occasions where his boyfriend would get a tad bit jealous when they spent a lot of time together and felt a bit excluded.
That was until the sound of someone clearing their throat was heard through the hall. Maria clutched her son tighter to her and her eyes snapped up, scanning for potential danger. However, all she found was Steve Rogers with his gang a bit behind him, all had by this point found their way back to their Captain and all were staring at the mother and son.
Bruce started to get up and gestured to Steve and Bucky to follow him. He made sure to stop by the room where Tony was resting just to check up on the sleeping genius. With a heavy heart he told his two friends to wait for him there while he went upstairs to prepare the rooms that they would be staying in.
“Clint! Go get the car! Now! Bruce and Thor, you gotta come and help me, we gotta be able to lift him when the car gets here without harming him further.”
“I just want to keep you out of it as much as possible and the safest place for you is here at the mansion. HYDRA is probably still looking for you.”
“Oh Clint” said Bruce with a chuckle “Tony was in a possession of several computers. The damage he can cause is with only that is very great. Once he almost blew up the entire apartment building with only a toaster and a couple of tools.”
Steve opened his mouth to reply but he didn't manage to get any words out. Shock and horror hit him like a wave at the newly acquired information. He was too lost in his thoughts that he wasn't able to answer Erik.
“Other than that, I'd like to welcome you to our family and wish the two of you all the happiness in the world.” She let him go and then moved to Tony's bed side and dropped a kiss on his cheek before heading to the door. “I'll be right outside bambino if you need anything!” And with that she closed the door behind her.
Before they knew it the clock inte wall showed that it was 12.30 already and that they should probably head back before Bruce had a heart attack. They walked out hand in hand Steve couldn't help but to glance around, looking for threats. Tony didn't notice and got into the car.
And with that, the Avengers went into their separate rooms to sleep despite knowing that they were all to tense to truly be able to sleep.
IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO READ SUCH CONTENT THEN AND IS EASILY TRIGGERED THEN I RECOMEND YOU TO NOT READ THIS CHAPTER AS IT DOES NOT HAVE A MAJOR INFLUENCE ON THE REST OF THE STORY.
“Tony I don't care what you told them, I was just worried about what was happening to you. I didn't know where you were, or if you were even alive. Me and the team searched for you non stop, I- we couldn't relax until we knew you were safe. By the way, do you want to tell them about all of this?”
After a bit of maneuvering they had managed to fit both DUM-E and the bags in the back of their black van. Bruce gave one last glance to the apartment building before getting into the car and driving back to the mansion.
Tony just closed his eyes and sighed. He felt Steve rubbing his back, trying to comfort him while feeling the tension build within himself.
A cough suddenly broke the three of them out from their little bubble and they turned their heads towards the sound. Clint stood there looking sheepish and he scratched his head.
“Mr and Mrs Jarvis, what are you doing here?” He asked while motioning for his team to put away their weapons as well.
“He is my ex boyfriend. We dated a while back in MIT before I decided to run away from my dad. I came to him seeking for shelter but he just slammed the door in my face.” Tony answered, refusing to look up from the floor.
She then turned around and dragged a whining Clint with her. The team immediately started to clean up, fearing what she might do if they didn't follow her orders. Bucky was in the middle of wiping milk from the floor when he spoke up.
“We should probably get cleaned up.” He suggested. Steve gave a little laugh before agreeing, shifting Tony so that he was holding him bridal style and headed towards their rooms. Tony protested for a short while, insisting that he could walk on his own but Steve shut him up with a soft kiss to the lips and Tony snuggled closer.
“Oh darling” she said “I am a lady, I never stink.” That brought out a new wave of laughter from the both of them but Tony had to stop soon as the pain in his ribs grew worse. They sat for a while in comfortable silence, just enjoying the presence of each other after so many years apart before Tony asked the question that had bothered him since he was a child.
Fury drove like a madman trying to get the kid to the mansion where most of the Avengers lived. He had barely parked the car before he ran out and around the car to get Tony out. He carried him bridal style to the door and kicked the door in with his leg.
Tony let go of his two friends and headed over to his boyfriend who wrapped an arm around him immediately and used his free hand to cup his cheek. Steve's thumb wiped away the tears that were drying on his cheek and gave him a worried look.
“Maybe? I don't know, they are all downstairs. And even if they did hear us Natasha probably won't let them make fun of you.”
He winced a bit when Steve slowly pulled out and fell to the bed with a sigh. He felt the bed shift as Steve went up to get a wet rag to clean them up with. He was dozing off when he felt the rag against his sore hole and he groaned while Steve stroked his hair.
Those are the worst of his injuries, there are more superficial ones like smaller cuts, bruises, some hairline fractures on some of the bones, his left arm is unfortunately broken and I'm afraid there is some slight damage to his rectum.”
By the end of Tony's story he was crying and shaking. Steve himself had tears running down his face and was holding Tony like his life depended on it until he heard Tony's broken voice.
“He does not have feelings for me, and even if he did he knows that I'm with you now, it'll be okay.”
“So!?” Bucky exclaimed causing Steve's hands to leave his face, showing deep bags under his eyes and he noticed that the rest of the the people in the room were in a similar state, even Natasha who always managed to look to close to perfection to be human, showed signs of exhaustion. “Who were you talking to? Never mind, I don't care, did they have any useful information? Anything remotely helpful?” Steve smiled for the first time since his fight with Tony at his best friends words.
The redhead turned towards the direction of where the egg had come and found a pale faced Clint holding a carton of eggs in one hand and an egg in the other. He swallowed hard and lowered his arm without tearing his eyes of the Russian.
When everyone had left, Bruce and Tony sat down on the couch in silence. The silence was eventually broken by Bruce.
“This may be a bad timing but am I the only one who wonders how he managed to blow up an entire HYDRA facility all by himself. Like, I know he is quite badass but seriously?”
Bruce was cutting through men like a man possessed, his only goal is to find Tony and get him into safety. Despite focusing on the task ahead of them, Steve and Bucky could not help but to be admired (and a little scared) of the way Bruce handled the people getting in his way.
When he felt sated he turned his head away from the glass and his mother helped him lay down again before tucking the blanket over him. His thoughts went back in time to when he was a little boy and had gotten sick and how his mama used to spend the whole time in his room with him, hovering and doting while Jarvis and Ana would come in and out with warm soups and tea, making sure they both had everything he needed or simply just to spend some time with him so that he wouldn't get bored and so that Maria could get a break from her constant worry.
After a minute of punches raining down on Howard Stark and they thought he'd had enough, Thor and Bucky went to rip Bruce off the now heavily bleeding man. They dragged him to the corner and blocked his view of the rest of the people.
“Fucking pathetic, can't even take a slap like a man! Stark men are made of iron, but you, you're nothing more than a worthless little boy that can't do anything right! You're a disgrace to our name and I regret not making your mother have an abortion the second she found out that she was having you! Nobody loves you, not even your precious Avengers, he'll they're probably grateful that they don't have to put up with your crap anymore.”
They drove the rest of the way in comfortable silence and when they reached the cafe where Tony and Steve had their first date they saw the blonde pacing backwards and forwards with a frown on his face while holding his phone to his ear. When he noticed their car pull up he let out a deep breath and his face showed relief.
The boy was laying limp on the mattress with clouded eyes staring up on the ceiling. He had come and tears covering his face with only the former on his chest. His eyes trailed down on the developing bruises across the body beneath him and his eyes stopped at the two hand shaped ones that were on the geniuses hips where he had held him during the rape.
Tony woke up with a groan and tried to keep himself from vomiting. His ribs hurt like hell after Tiberius had gotten a little bit too excited the previous day and had beaten him until he almost passed out. Rumlow, being the sadistic bastard that he was, had waited until black spots were appearing in Tony's vision before pulling Tiberius off of him. They had then left Tony bleeding and broken and not to mention naked on the cold, hard concrete floor. Tiberius had been vicious, he had kicked and punched him all over after Tony had bit his cock when he attempted to shove it down his throat. It had sent the blonde into a fit of rage after he had checked his now bleeding genitalia and he had proceeded to beat the young genius until he was covered with blood and unable to move.
Tony's thoughts were brought back to the present when he felt his mothers hand gently stroke the hair on his head. He met her eyes, identical to his own, and could see the deep sorrow and love within them. He tore his gaze away to scan the rest of the room and found out that it was empty besides the two of them. He felt his heart break as thoughts of his friends and lover leaving him after everything they had gone through, after everything he had gone through. He tried to ignore Rumlow’s and Tiberius voices in his head, telling him how worthless he was, how stupid he'd been to actually think that they would still be with him after this whole ordeal. He was tainted now, dirty. Tears formed in his eyes and he tried to blink them away before his mother saw, but it was to late, Maria had already caught a glimpse of the pain and loss in her son's eyes and her heart broke for him.
“It's okay Doll, I've got you. You're safe now, shh, it's okay. Do you wanna tell me about what happened? If you don't feel ready then it's okay, I can wait.”
Figuring that we wouldn't be able to go back to sleep he stood up on shaking legs and slowly made his way to the bathroom and to take a shower, petting DUM-E comfortingly.
‘How dare Steve try to forbid me from seeing Ty!? Sure, I'm not very excited about it but it doesn't matter. Whether or not I will go should be my own decision!’ Tony thought angrily.
Cheers ran among the group and they immediately started to gear up while Natasha called Coulson for back up.
Clint sat in one of the uncomfortable plastic chairs with his head resting on Natasha’s shoulder and her own head on his while she sat curled in his lap.
The feeling of Tony clenching down on him, the sight of him laying down and writhing in pleasure  with his gorgeous behind in the air sent Steve over the edge and he came inside his sweetheart.
“Bucky this is not your fault and don't you dare think that for even a second! Now get your ass back home before anything else happens, we need to start looking before it’s too late!” Was Steve's reply.
“If you all would please sit down so that I could explain everything, this would go much smoother, thank you.”
“He was attacked by Jack Rollins, one of Schmidt's men” came Fury’s grim voice from the door. “He was asking him how he knew Rogers”
He had around twenty minutes until he had to start going so he sat down on the couch in the living room next to Bruce.
He turned to the front door where Steve was leaning against the wall with his arms crossed across his chest. When the blonde saw the tears in the younger ones eyes he opened his arms. Tony sped up to and wrapped his arms around Steve's middle while the older one of the two wrapped his arms around Tony.
Pushing the keys in, Bruce took a deep breath and unlocked the door before stepping in and telling Bucky and Steve to do the same. He went straight to his bedroom after dismissing his friends offer to help him pack and pulled out three duffle bags from his closet. He packed his clothes and other necessities in one bag and went to put it by the front door and then headed to Tony's room, both his friends following him. When he opened the door to the fellow geniuses room he was immediately greeted by DUM-E beeping happily and clawing at the hem of his shirt.
I really hope you'll like this chapter and from now on I'll have more time to write which means more chapters!! Gah I'm so exited!
“Everyone here thinks it's their fault for what happened to Tony. You probably think that you should have protected him better, Bruce thinks it's his fault for dragging Tony into this whole mess, Clint thinks that he should have kept a closer eye on the kid. And everyone else is blaming themselves for not staying behind and watching over him. Tony is probably also gonna blame himself when he wakes up for have gone out when we weren't with him.”
“Oh, don't worry about your chest! We managed to get most of the shrapnel out of it and what's left is not a danger to you. Though I am sorry about that, the one who captured you didn't seem to understand that we needed you alive, well, he isn't a problem anymore if you understand what I mean.
“O-okay,” Tony stuttered, not liking the thought of being left alone again but not wanting Ana to get in trouble “hurry, before he finds out that you have been here.”
“Hey, take it easy, you are pretty banged up, you gotta be careful for awhile.” Came a deep voice from his right.
Rhodey looked at the blonde in silence for a few tense seconds before smirking and extending his hand.
Tony sighed heavily and Ty barely managed to suppress a smirk at the victory, he knew exactly how to manipulate the young genius into getting what he wanted.
Anyone else would have thought that they were dating but they couldn't be more wrong. Sure, they loved each other, but in a strictly platonic was. Pepper viewed Tony as a little brother and to Tony she and Rhodey were the siblings he always wanted but never got. They were always there for each other, no matter what, and were fiercely protective of each other.
“Well” she said while smirking at Pepper “why don't you two come in, I believe you and I have a lot to talk about.” She gestured for the two to come in and they made their way to the living room.
The sound of fighting and gun shots got closer and closer and Howard led the four of them to the general direction of the garage. Before they could reach the main hall they were stopped by a group of four men that he did not recognize but because of the horrified expressions on his tormentors faces made him relieved to see.
“We’ll leave tomorrow afternoon. We have exams and Rhodey is having a meeting with some people about the air force.”
Tony, Rhodey and Pepper were in Tony's room and catching up on the past year. Tony and Pepper were leaning back on the headboard of the bed while Rhodey was on the floor playing with DUM-E. Pepper had an arm wrapped around Tony's shoulders and her hand was threading through his hair while his head leaned against her shoulder.
He raised his gun and shot the man as soon as he rounded the corner. Tony kept his gun raised incase anyone else came. When he didn't hear anything he lowered the gun and went back to the lock. After a few minutes he managed to unlock it and quickly dragged the body in with him to hide it.
He looked back at Natasha who wore a similar expression and asked her why that was, when all of this clearly was his fault. She just gave him a small smile.
Doctor Cho took a look at the group of people and was again reminded of why this was the worst part of her job. Delivering bad news about someone's loved one never got easier.
Tony stood there with tears still streaming down his cheeks and a hand shaped bruise started to form on the left one. He had an identical bruise forming around his arm that he held Steve's shirt with and he looked like someone had just killed his puppy.
“Ah, nonsense Edwin! I'm just getting old that's all, probably just imagining things.” Had Jarvis not known her for as long and as good as he did he would have taken her answer as the truth. But since he had been married to her long before he had even begun to work at the Stark's he knew that she being wasn't entirely truthful with him.
He thought about how this was all his fault. If he had been more careful then none of this would have happened. When he went out with Tony he should have made sure that there were none following them. He should have taken Tony with him when they went to Coulson’s, then he wouldn't have gone to get groceries and gotten taken by HYDRA. He should have been there for him. He should have protected him better.
I really hope that you'll like this chapter even though it's basically just a filler and hopefully you'll still be here when the next chapter comes up (which hopefully is soon)!
Tony shot straight up despite the pain in his whole body. A pair of strong hands held him down and he trashed against the hold.
They made out for a few seconds before Steve pulled away and reached for the drawer to get the lube. When he got it he settled so that he was sitting in between Tony's legs and looking down on his panting lover.
.” Sneered Howard while Tiberius and Rumlow were grinning like sharks on either side of him. “This is going to be so much fun.”
Tony looked at the clock hanging on the wall and saw that it was only one in the afternoon, the shop usually closes at three. But when Tony asked he only received a glare in response and let it go. He knew better than to get on Nicks bad side.
“Tony!! What the hell happened Cap!” Shouted the doctor while starting to check his unconscious friend.
“Good evening darling.” she said while closing her book and putting it on the nightstand “How was your day?”
Cline and Bruce turned their heads so fast to Tony's direction that he was surprised that they hadn't broken their necks. Their eyes were wide and mouths agape and Tony was pretty sure that Clint almost dropped his bow. If it had been under other circumstances he would have laughed at them but now this time.
Steve put one arm across Tony's chest and pulled him backwards so that his back was pressed against Steve's chest. Tony turned his head to meet Steve in a sloppy kiss and dragged his hand through the blonde hair while said blonde kept rocking into him slowly.
Ty had fallen backwards while cupping his bleeding nose and Rumlow had let go of Tony in favor of grabbing his aching genitalia. Tony saw his chance and made a run for it. He stood up as fast as he could and was about to run when a hand grabbed the back of his shirt and pulled him back down on the mattress. He looked up and saw a furious Tiberius glaring down at him with blood running down from his nose.
“Thanks Ana… Wait, if you have been here the whole time, does that mean that Howard knows I'm here!?”
The Avengers all stood up, bid their goodbyes and started to leave. Tony noticed Clint wrapping his good arm around Natasha's waist on their way out.
We can't always protect him, no matter how much we try, but that doesn't mean we won't try our best.
“I'm afraid it seems like your friend has gone through some sexual assault considering the circumstances and that there was some slight  tearing and blood there. We didn't find any traces of sperm though, only a bit of leftover saliva that I believe was used as lubricant.”
For three weeks Brock Rumlow, the man that had been with Schmidt the first day, would come in and with new ways to torture him. Sometimes he used a flame torch to burn his flesh, sometimes he beat him with his bare hands, once he had even used a hammer to break some of his ribs and fingers.
“Goodbye Anthony” he huffed out “I'll see you soon and I expect you to be on your best behavior, oh, and do me a favor will you? Be nice to the boys, they're just doing me a favor after all.” And with that he shut the door, leaving Tony to the cold and his thoughts.
The nurse came in with doctor Cho who started to examine him and replaced his IV drops. She left shortly after Bruce assured her that he would explain the extent of Tony's injuries and make sure he didn't hurt himself further.
Tony let go of Steve and ignored the empty feeling in his hand and instead used both of his arms to push the doctor away slightly.
Tony trailed kisses from the base to the head of Steve's cock before sucking the tip into his mouth. Steve groaned and dragged a hand through Tony's thick hair while trying not to thrust up into Tony's mouth.
Bruce immediately went to track the signal down, heart beating fast and both relief and worry rushed through his body.
He kept repeating those words while rocking them both from side to side. Eventually Tony snapped his eyes open and he looked around while breathing heavily. He started trash around when he was awake enough to notice the large arms wrapped around him. After a minute he started to recognize Steve's voice and calmed down bit by bit until he was gripping the blonde's shirt so hard that his knuckles turned white and he was full on sobbing.
He was one again so distracted by his thoughts that he didn't notice Bucky returning until his friend put a comforting hand on his shoulder. Steve looked up at the brunette to find grey blue eyes looking right back at him, he didn't even have to say anything before Bucky's arms were wrapped around him and Steve's face buried in the crook of his best friends neck, tears now running freely down his face.
Any other day his thoughts would have seemed ridiculous to even him but with every hit, every cruel word, every violation against his body and soul his hope was being broken down piece by piece.
The Avengers were all running around the mansion, yelling into various phones, doing whatever they can to find their missing genius. Natasha was fiercely spitting out insults in Russian to the man on the other end of the phone call at his failure to get the information she had asked (demanded) from him. Clint as sitting next to her while talking to his own source who had also come up with nothing.
Various expressions of hope and relief showed on his teammates faces at the information. Erik Lehnsherr and his mob was almost as powerful as the Avengers and had a lot of contacts, powerful ones, all over the world. If there was anyone who would be able to help them it was him. Especially since they knew how Steve was feeling. Only a few months before Tony came into their lives Erik came to them for help. His own lover, Charles Xavier who at the time just finished his studies in genetics at Oxford and moved to New York to become a professor, had been kidnapped himself by a rival mob and had been held for ransom. Erik had come asking for help to find his lover and the Avengers had done everything in their power to save Charles. The mission had been a success and soon enough the young professor had been back in his lovers protective arms. Ever since that there had been a silent understanding and cooperation between the two mobs. They didn't try to invade the other's territories and if there was a threat against either one of the mobs the other one would help without being asked.
Bucky just smiled and clapped him again. He headed towards the entrance where Tony had left and grabbed his handgun on the way and then left to follow the young genius.
Brock looked at Tiberius with horror, his eyes taking in the sight of the blonde mans face swelling and covered in cuts and blossoming bruises, choking on his own blood while twitching on the floor. He forced himself to turn his gaze to the captain instead when the bigger man kneeled in front of him.
“I don't know what to say Tony, I'm sorry and I miss you, I miss us, what we had. I'm wondering if there is a chance that we might be able to get that back?”
Steve was on day three with barely any sleep and was basically running on coffee now, the rest of the team didn't look much better. Though he, Bruce and Clint looked the worst since they had been up the longest. Bruce for the love and devotion he felt for Tony, Clint for the guilt of not having kept a closer eye on the kid and Steve for his own love for the young genius. He missed the feeling of holding Tony in his arms, the sound of his laugh, of the adorable faces he made but denied and he felt like he was slowly dying the longer time went on without his sweetheart by his side.
“Alright, it's settled then. This afternoon me and Bucky will go with Bruce and get their things here.”
Tony rolled his hips and started to meet Steve's thrusts while gripping the sheets until his knuckles turned white from the pressure.
Steve had to take a moment to take in how small Tony looked laying there. Sure, Tony had always been kind of small but he looked tiny in that hospital bed, pale as a sheet and hooked up to numerous of machines.
During the weeks that they had been together they had only gotten each other off by hand jobs, grinding on each other like teenagers and the occasional blow jobs. But now, on Steve's bed with the blonde on top of him and the rest of the team out on business, Tony felt like he was ready to take the next step.
“Don't say you're sorry, my love! None of this was neither your or your friends fault. We're just happy to have you back, safe and sound.”
“Here they are, I have also managed to track the signal down. I know where he is! It's barely twenty minutes away!”
“I'm not small.” Mumbled Tony and glared at the laughing people. Thor just let out a booming laugh and put his arm around Tony and pulled him closer.
He sighed and gently cupped Tony's face and looked over it, seeing the tears and the bruise he felt a whole new wave of anger wash over him. He debated going after Howard when Tony put one of his hands over Steve's own and looked him in the eyes.
“You know, for such a tiny woman, she sure does know how to make us shit ourselves with just one look.”
Adrenaline surged through his body and he turned around and shot the man next to Schmidt in the neck and Schmidt himself right in the chest.
(I know next to nothing about medical things so a lot of things in this chapter might be inaccurate, just FYI)
“Come on, I know he's pretty but we got to go. The boss said only one hour and we have been here for almost two.” Brock nodded and slapped the teens ass on his way and headed towards the door with the blond man.
When Tony stepped into the bathroom he caught himself in the mirror and gasped. His neck was a mess of purple hickeys and some bite marks. He stared at his reflection for a moment, a blush creeping up his neck. He turned around and removed his sweatpants and boxers before wetting a rag and cleaning up. He figured that he didn't need to shower again so soon. He went out to his room and put on a pair of clean underwear and some comfy jeans and stepped out where Steve who had also cleaned up was waiting for him.
“Well that can't be it, one of his spies must have seen you with him before, us coming over must have confirmed that he has some kind of relation to us.” Suggested Steve with a frown.
He hugged her tight and they didn't let go of each other until Rhodey cleared his throat. They looked at him and he just raised an eyebrow.
“I'm sorry, you shouldn't be forced to look after me, you probably have better things to do than comforting me.”
Tony finished up and swallowed a couple of painkillers that Bruce had given him and threw his dirty clothes in the hamper on his way out. He turned off the lights and crawled into the large bed, thinking mostly of Steve and what tomorrow might hold. DUM-E beeped before settling down in the corner closest to his creator.
Even if Clint had gone with him he wouldn't have been able to stop a grenade and if he had managed to keep Tony back in the mansion they would just have struck another time.
He dismissed them but before they left the room he said one final thing to Steve with a sweet smile on the whole time.
They stood like that for a few minutes before Steve led his lover back in and they sat down on the couch in the living room and cuddled. Steve gently kissed Tony's forehead and reached for a blanket to cover them both with.
“Team! These are my friends Virginia Potts, or Pepper as she goes by, super smart and her main weapons are her stilettos” he said while looking at the redhead “and James Rhodes aka Rhodey aka Honeybear, but only I am allowed to call him that. He is joining the air force after graduation.” and looked at the man next to him.
The tears in the young geniuses eyes were now falling freely. He looked over at Pepper with a blurry vision and she was smiling sadly back at him.
He left and slammed the door behind him. Tony was still shaking and crying, trying to breathe through the pain which was hard considering that one of his broken ribs were poking at his right lung. He cried out while pulling himself up in a sitting position and leaned against the wall. He focused on his breathing and looked over his injuries. There was nothing that seemed fatal so he ignored it for now, they would only reopen again tomorrow if he tried to fix them up. He didn't need a mirror to know that he looked awful. His body was littered with dark bruises, cuts and burns, some were almost healed while many were brand new. He just prayed that it was Schmidt that would come tomorrow and not Brock, just so that he could have a day to heal a bit.
The man Tony was using as a shield was a few inches taller than him and not very muscular which made it easier for him to hold the man up.
Steve thanked her with a smile and told her to give them to Bucky before he lead Tony out of the cafe and into the car. They drove home in silence with the team in the cars behind them. Tony kept looking out the window like he expected Howard to be there. Steve took his trembling hand and held it tightly and Tony gave him a grateful smile.
“I don't,” Jarvis replied “but I'm sure that they are fine. Perhaps they just went out for a while?”
Tony had almost reached the table when Ty looked up and saw him. A large grin spread across his face and he motioned for the small brunette to take a seat. Tony sat down in front of him and kept silent, waiting for the blonde to speak up first, because after all, he is the one who wanted to meet up.
The waiter came back with their coffees and pancakes and sent a final wink in Tony's direction which went completely ignored.
Everyone dropped the subject when Bruce put two plates filled with waffles on the table and started to dig in.
Meanwhile in the Avengers mansion, the mob was preparing for the next day's mission. They all worked in tense silence, not wanting to wait another night to get their friend back but rather have him back with them as soon as possible.
Tony gave Steve a slight shove before returning to the cleaning and continuing in a comfortable silence, the only sound being when they picked something up and Clint’s whining all the way upstairs.
Tony just stared at him, he didn't know what to say. What could he say, really? So he just nodded his head slowly without replying.
“Kind off, some of us would go back to the mansion to get some food, sleep and clean up while the others were here with you. But nobody could really stay away for long. Steve here on the other hand hasn't left your side once.”
Pepper and Rhodey, who had gotten up from the floor and settled at the foot of the bed, were staring at him with wide eyes and open mouths. Rhodey’s expression then turned into one of anger and he put his hand on Tony's ankle.
To distract himself from the pain and humiliation Tony looked towards the still locked door and imagined Steve kicking it down with the rest of the Avengers in tow and putting bullet holes between Brock's and Tiberius eyes.
Thor on the other hand was on the floor snoring loudly with his head on Bucky's lap which was now covered in the blondes drool. Tony gave a quiet little laugh at the sight but stopped abruptly by the pain in his ribs. He looked to his left where Bruce was sleeping with his head on the bed Tony was laying in with his salt and pepper curls covering his face. The little genius turned his head and smiled at what he saw.
Everyone followed the redheads order while welcoming Tony back on their way out along with gentle hugs and kisses. And if Bruce's hug lasted a little longer than everyone else's, nobody mentioned anything.
The brunette's arms couldn't hold him up any longer so he laid down while his ass stayed in the air. Steve groaned at the sight and set a faster pace and changed his angle to one one that had Tony seeing stars.
Natasha was the first one to tear her eyes away and speak up, asking if Tony had told him about his time with HYDRA.
Steve sped the car as fast as he could, not caring about anything else but to get to Tony. The rest of the team were squeezed in the car with him, shouting to each other but he couldn't hear anything but the blood rushing in his ears and his heart felt like it was about to leap out of his chest.
Anger and fear spread through Tony's body like a fire and he quickly ripped his arm from Brock's grasp and socked Tiberius in the face as hard as he could while attempting to kick Rumlow wherever he could reach which happened to be his crotch.
Then he stepped out of his boyfriends embrace and headed back over to Pepper and Rhodey's sides. He threw his right arm over Peppers shoulders and his left was wrapped around Rhodey’s waist since he couldn't reach the other man's shoulders. Tony smiled at his confused team and started to explain.
Tony just laughed and promised to call her. It had been a while since he had last spoken to Auntie Peggy. Her Alzheimer's was getting a bit worse and he wanted to be there for her, even if it was just over the phone. Maybe he could go and visit her and uncle Daniel soon, he thinks that they would like the team.
Steve smiled down at the sleepy genius and picked up the shirt he had been wearing and used it to clean the drying cum of the both of them, careful with Tony's hole since he had been quite rough which showed when Tony winced a bit at the contact. When he finished, Steve tossed the shirt on the floor. He then settled behind Tony and spooned them while kissing the back of his neck. They soon fell asleep and only woke up when Clint stepped into their room unannounced and proceeded to scream like a twelve year old at the sight of the two of them naked. Needless to say, he cried in Natasha's arms for the rest of the night. Natasha was not amused.
Steve wrapped his arm around Tony who leaned into his side and they made their way out of the cafe. Before they stepped out Steve turned to the owner of the cafe who had been standing close by during the whole spectacle.
Bruce was, in fact, not ok. Not even close. He had never wanted this to happen to Tony. He had just wanted to keep the young genius safe away from his abusive household but had instead put him in even greater danger than an alcoholic father and a drug addicted mother. Now HYDRA, their rivals, knew about Tony and his involvement with the and it was only a matter of time before they attempted anything else.
“Oh Anthony…” She sighed while bringing her hand down from his hair and cupped his cheek “I stopped loving him the second he put a hand on you.”
The nightmares that he had gotten a short while after running away from home had come back. The beating, the stench of alcohol and the yelling that he had received from Rollins had triggered memories that he had tried so hard to forget.
“No Clint” Steve said grimly from where he was standing with his arms crossed “it's not me Tony’s going out with tonight.”
He knew he was being a bit irrational and that Steve just wanted the best for him but he was perfectly capable of making his own decisions. The reason Tony got so worked up on it was because it reminded him too much of Howard.
“Just a little sore, but in a good way. And I'm fine, more than fine actually. Thanks for not treating me like I'm made of China that's gonna break at any second. I love you, Cap.”
“I just got off the phone with Lehnsherr,” he started while looking at his team “he had his men checking out the Stark mansion for the last couple of days to look over the security and their routines. Howard Stark has way too much faith in his technology, there are barely any security guards both outside and inside the mansion if Mr and Mrs Jarvis are correct. Does everyone know what they are supposed to do tomorrow?” A series of nods followed his question. “Good. Then I suggest that everyone gets a good night's rest tonight so that we will be prepared for the mission.”
Howard stood up from the dirty floor and wiped his chin up flinched when he came in contact with the wound. He sent a nasty glare at Tony who just tried to suppress the smirk threatening to break out on his bloody lips. Howard's blood covered his lips and ran down his chin and dripped down on the floor beneath him. The young genius relished in the small feeling of vengeance and success, to be able to make Howard feel a fracture of the pain he had been feeling his whole life thanks his father.
“Okay Tony, we have all decided that neither you nor I are safe back home. So we have to move here for a while, I don't know how long though, where we can protect you against HYDRA. Steve, Bucky and I have already gone there and packed our things and put them in our new rooms.”
He opened the door and when he didn't see anyone he ran (or limped) as fast as he could while doing the count down in his head.
Tony was about to head back to the living room where Clint still was trying to beat his high score and failing miserably when his stomach growled again.
Clint had been feeling so guilty about the whole thing that it took almost a week of the team assuring him that it wasn't his fault before he snapped out of it and fought harder to find the young genius.
Meanwhile an unknown man stood and looked towards the apartment building that both geniuses lived with an evil smirk playing out on his face.
Pepper kissed the top of his head to comfort him while Rhodey stood up and started to pace back and forward in the room, DUM-E rolling after him and beeping.
“Oh Edwin!” she exclaimed “That would be wonderful! I haven't seen or heard from the boy in weeks and frankly I have been a tad bit worried. I can make some of my goulash that he loves so much, poor thing have probably not been eating enough, busy with his projects and robots he forgets to take care of himself. I'll make a pie to for the rest of the group as a little thank you for not letting him rot away behind his screens.”
He learned that after they came home after the discharge they were short on money since they had barely had anything since before they went of to war and that you couldn't exactly live of the military pension. They had taken small jobs from a mob led by a man and their friend named Phil Coulson where they had met the Avengers and the rest was history.
“Oh, I- eh” he started nervously. Steve just gave him a concerned look and motioned for him to keep talking. “I met someone, that I used to know, date in fact. His name is Tiberius and we used to date back in college for almost two years until I ran away. I asked him for help, I had nowhere to go and nothing in my name and he just, slammed the door in my face. I haven't seen him since then, well, until now that is.”
Alright, this is just another short filler chapter and hopefully next one will be ready in a couple days.
“Why have we not been informed about this until now!?” The tone in Ana’s voice had heightened as she waited for an answer from the man in front of her.
Tony jerked awake when a loud bang followed by screaming was heard from outside the basement that he had been held in for what felt like an eternity but was actually only about a week. He scrambled up as quickly as his weak body allowed him to when he heard the urgent voices get closer to the door. He wrapped the smelling blanket tighter around his aching frame and prayed that it was Steve outside the door and not his father. His prayers however turned out to be for nothing as the door slammed open and revealed his father accompanied by Brock and Tiberius on the other side. Before he could say anything Howard threw one of his old baggy shirts and boxers at him.
“I don't know if that's such a good idea, you really hurt me Ty. And besides, I have a boyfriend now, so even if I forgive you, we can't go back to what we were.”
Steve's face was directly in front of Tony's pink, tiny hole and he was pretty sure that he had found his happy place. Steve had always been an ass man, whether it was a male or female he could always appreciate a nice ass. But Tony's was by far the most gorgeous one he had had the pleasure of encountering so far.
“Of course professor Xavier, it's our job to protect the citizens of this city and no civilian should ever have to be put in that position.” Steve replied with a polite smile.
They made their way past the living room where the rest of the team were chilling and made their way upstairs. Steve went into his room and motioned for Tony to follow him and flopped down on the bed. The younger of the two walked slowly into the room and looked around. It looked a lot like his own with nice beige walls, a large closet next to a window. A fairly large desk in front of a queen sized bed and next to it was a door that lead to a bathroom.
Tony patted the robot one last time and made his way to the kitchen where the beautiful smell of coffee was coming from.
When he looked up he felt his own cock twitch at the sight. Steve was looking down on him, a layer of sweat covering his skin, hair disheveled and his eyes dark with arousal. He was breathing heavily while loosing the grip he had on the brunettes hair.
we find him, that is.” Clint mumbled from Steve’s left. The blonde sent a glare to the other man along with the rest of the table.
Then he headed back over to Steve's side and laced his fingers together with the blonde's and looked at his oldest friends.
Bruce only lowered his eyes so that he wouldn't have to meet Tony's own. His shoulders slumped and he suddenly looked around ten years older than he actually was.
The memories of what had happened suddenly came rushing back and he let out a loud gasp which woke everyone up. The team was immediately in battle stance, looking for threats. Most of them let out a sigh of relief when they saw that it was only Tony and within a couple of seconds he was surrounded by his new family fretting over him. Questions flew around which only increased his headache and he shut his eyes and groaned.
The captain shot forward to the stove and removed the pan with the now burned eggs and put it in the sink. The smell of burned eggs filled the kitchen and Steve opened a window. He looked over at Tony with a sheepish expression on his face.
Tony tried to cover his laugh with a cough and if anyone could see his cheeks getting redder, no one mentioned it.
Bucky let out a huge breath he had been holding during the conversation. “Actually” he said relieved “we do know where he is. It is a wonder though that you haven't guessed it yet.”
He was cut off by Tony's lips pressed against his own. He sighed and kissed back. When Tony broke the kiss he smiled warmly at the blonde and took his hand in his own much smaller one.
Steve slowly got out of the bed without waking Tony and put on a pair of sweatpants he found on the floor. He pulled the covers of the bed so that they were covering the geniuses still naked body and went to the door. He opened it and saw the whole team standing there in a circle while Natasha was glaring at Clint who was rubbing the back of his head where she had smacked him.
The doctor only shrugged his shoulders with a small frown. There was no point in lying to Bucky, he would just see straight through the it. The man just squeezed his shoulder and gave a small encouraging smile and lead Bruce through the building and into the elevator.
None of us knew that Coulson's message was fake, we thought that our friend needed is and we went to help him.
“Alright” Tony said while slowly standing up with Natasha helping to steady him. “Let's face the music.”
“It's okay bambino, it's okay, shhh, mama is here now, I've got you. And I promise that I'll never leave you again for as long as I live.” The words were followed by her gently stroking his hair and kissing the top of his head.
When the Avengers returned to their home they were already discussing on how to save Tony and Bucky was on the phone with Phil to inform him about Tony's whereabouts and to prepare his own team. All chatter did stop when they noticed something. Someone was in their house. They all went quietly inside while drawing their weapons when they heard voices from the living room. Steve, who was in the front of them all made a silencing motion and quietly sneaked into the living room, the team right behind him.
He had adapted rather quickly to the small living place he had now lived in for almost a year after leaving the mansion he grew up in. Tony may have lost his fortune but it was worth it if it meant getting away from his fathers abuse and his mothers neglect. The only thing he did truly miss was the old family butler, Jarvis and his wife Ana that had basically raised him. He made sure to see the two as often as he could without alerting Howard that he was still around so that he would be forced back to that hell hole.
Alright guys... This is it. The last chapter of this story. I can't believe it, I've worked with this fic for over two years now I think and now I'm just, done? I also think this is one of the longest chapters I have ever written (almost 3000 words), I know it's a little for many great authors out there but for me it's huge.
“That settles it.” Steve spoke up for the first time since he had woken up “We get him tomorrow morning. I'm going to call Coulson and Lehnsherr to make sure that we have the help we need.”
?” She asked, her voice raspy from all the crying she had done over the course of the three days her son had been unconscious, not once had she left his side.
“Oh, Tony my darling! You have gotten too skinny. Those bastards! Thinking that they can get away with hurting my boy. I'll show them, you'll see, just wait until I get my hands on that Rumlow. I may be getting older but that doesn't mean I won't tear him to shreds when I see him.”
When Steve felt his orgasm build up he grabbed Tony's erection and started to pump in the rhythm of the thrusts. Soon Tony was cumming on both their chests and stomachs and Steve was shooting his load into Tony's ass. When their heartbeats had slowed down and they were breathing normally again they looked at each other and smiled warmly. They shared a sweet kiss before Tony pulled off with a wince and settled on the bed.
He felt a hand weakly gripping his ankle and looked down at Schmidt whose chest was covered in blood and had blood coming out of his mouth. The man was glaring up at him and sneered.
Sighing, Tony stepped out of the shower and grabbed his towel to dry off and wrapped it around his waist. He stepped out of the bathroom and was both a little relieved and a little disappointed that he was alone. He was sure that Steve would have come up and tried to talk to him but he was also a bit glad that the older could sense that he needed some privacy to cool off before approaching.
Tony tried to keep the tears back, he didn't want to give them the satisfaction to see him cry. But the pain was too great and he felt drops run from his eyes and down his cheeks. He quickly wiped them away with the back of his hand and glared at Howard.
Tony sighed in relief and thanked everything there was for this. He went straight to the closest one and turned it on. He wasted no time in hacking through it and within a few minutes he was online. He gave a little whoop before making contact.
“He went that way,” he hurried while pointing with a shaking hand towards the hallway that Howard had disappeared with Tony “they're heading to the garage. Stark took his kid there! Pl-please don't hurt me!”
In between all the moaning and panting Tony stood to think if Steve had decided to get as many sounds out of him as possible today.
“Thank God you're okay baby, thank God.” He mumbled into Tony's skin. He reluctantly removed his face to look into the brunettes eyes before pressing their lips together, sighing at the familiar taste of Tony's lips mixed with a bit of blood.
Jarvis and Ana had to go back to the Stark mansion a couple days ago so that Howard wouldn't get suspicious. They still came over whenever they could though and called almost everyday.
Tony was panting by the time they had reached the garage but kept going, knowing that Steve was in the building looking for him. He looked up at Howard who was sweating, panic in his eyes and looking for the keys in his pockets. Knowing he was distracted Tony seized the moment and kneed his father in the crotch and bolting through the door they came from and ran to the main hall. Before he could get any further his father grabbed the back of his shirt and threw him to the floor. In Tony's weakened state he hadn't managed to run as fast as he had hoped which had given Howard the time he needed to recover and chase after the boy. The older Stark pulled his gun out and aimed it at Tony while dragging the boy up by his hair.
All while questioning him about Steve and the others, trying to get him to tell everything he knew, but Tony remained silent. Some days it was Schmidt who came in and just talked to him, trying to get him to reveal anything but it never worked.
After that they cried and laughed together at their memories. They talked about a brighter future, filled with happiness and love. Then Helen came in to check on him, smiling the whole time, telling him how glad she was that he was okay.
They all stopped what they were doing when Steve, who was currently sitting on the couch with his laptop on his lap, shot up from his seat while trying not to collapse from the lack of sleep and food.
