“About what?” Sharon asked, heaving herself off of the bench to unlock her locker.
“Maybe I should join the Army,” Johnny mused. What else was he going to do with his life?
“He’s fine. We’re just waiting for the discharge paperwork. Here we are,” Sharon announced, opening the door to Peter’s room.
“No,” Steve snapped. “You wouldn’t.”
“I should be used to it. I always get sick. Every winter,” he grumbled. “I have a shitty immune system.”
“They don’t,” Wade snapped. “I left so she doesn’t have to be part of this shit show.”
“Hey,” he said, placing his hand between Steve’s shoulder blades as Steve leaned over to spit out the toothpaste. “So, uh, I didn’t have a chance to say it last night, what with being blown up - twice - and taking down a supervillain. But, uh.”
“Mhmm, nice,” Tony hummed.
Steve wasn’t sure how long he stood there, before heading inside. He climbed the stairs to their apartment slowly, pulling his keys from his pocket.
Steve’s face turned serious. He looked down, watching his thumb run back and forth over Tony’s knuckle. The crease was back between his eyebrows.
“If it upsets you, it’s not stupid,” Bucky said.
“Sorry, I’m trying to catch up. Since when do you know about geothermal energy?”
“Hey, no,” Tony interrupted, kissing the top of his head. “Honey, no. You are not weak. I would never say that,” he promised, cupping Steve’s cheek. “I know… a lot about having a father who… doesn’t act like a father. And you hate him, but you still love him, because he’s your dad, and you think
“No,” Steve replied. “You’ve had two bowls.”
Tony smiled against his lips, cupping Steve’s neck with both hands and using his thumbs to tilt his chin higher. He felt Steve’s hands grip his hips, coaxing him into straddling Steve’s hips as Steve lay down properly so Tony was looming over him. He knew how much Steve loved this position.
“Yeah, but then I’d need to find actual healthy coping mechanisms, and who has the time for that?”
“What are you doing here?” Hope called, running to meet Tony and the paramedic pushing a gurney into the ER.
“His name’s Bruce Banner,” Steve explained. “He’s a marine biologist, he’s here to help you.”
Shaking his head at his own ridiculousness, Tony let himself out of the bathroom, yawning as he padded across the living room towards Steve’s bedroom. Steve’s cold had finally receded, nothing more than a tickle in his throat still lingering. Which meant there was no reason for Tony to stay anymore.
“Shut
Steve groaned.
“Well, uh, see you in September,” he muttered before dashing down the stairs.
He should be heading back to the apartment, Steve knew. It was getting dark and he needed to eat a proper meal. But instead of gathering his things together and leaving, he unlaced his boots and padded over the blessedly cool tile out onto the terrace. He sat on the edge of the pool, letting his legs dangle in the water.
“You sure?” Clint asked.
Not exactly reassured, Tony turned to Zoey and asked, “Am I good?” He pointed to his bared teeth.
“Of course.”
Steve grinned, stealing a kiss. He groaned against Tony’s lips when a hand snaked onto his ass and shoved their hips together.
“That is the craziest thing I’ve ever done!” he gasped, leaning on the table.
“Pa.”
“I made your favourite curry for dinner. Thought you might need some comfort food.”
Nothing.
“Pa.”
“Uh, it’s Barnes,” Tony replied. “The jury’s started deliberating.”
“Yes, I cleared the schedules of all the Avengers, booked the room, arranged catering, got the permits and sent the invitations to the printers last night.”
“And not that it really matters,” Tony continued, “But I actually like a partner who challenges me. Besides, I live in the same building as Bruce Banner and Bucky Barnes. And despite Barnes’ earlier behaviour, he is technically a genius too. Serum amplified everything.”
“I can see that,” Steve replied, and his voice was doing something funny. “And apparently threatening to throw his prosthesis at you?”
“Nicholas Fury.”
“And chocolate sauce. Don’t forget the chocolate sauce.”
“I know,” Steve smirked, letting his head fall back so Tony could place open mouthed kisses down his neck. “I was… I was on the debate team, you know.”
“Assumptions,” Steve corrected gently.
Steve bit his lip to stop himself from grinning uncontrollably like a fool.
“I can’t afford-”
Angie punched his bicep playfully. “You’ll always be Brooklyn at heart, Steve. No matter where you live.”
“But they’re pretty cool.”
“What do you want?” Tony asked, kissing his way up Steve’s neck.
“Are they bad if I’m onboard?” Steve mused.
Tony groaned. “Right. Stealth. I gotta get on that.”
“Oh, you know, trawling the streets of Brooklyn for attractive men,” Tony grinned. “Know any?”
Out of the corner of his eye, Tony saw Steve glance around the room nervously, his eyes lingering on the guy who was holding what looked like an opossum.
They applauded as Zoey claimed victory in the apple bobbing, Tony sticking his fingers in his mouth to whistle loudly. Then he jumped to his feet and found his way back to Steve, shaking his head like a dog to remove the water from his hair.
He hated this.
“Hey,” Steve echoed.
“Does this mean you like it?” Steve teased.
“Thanks.”
Did he just
“Now, the last time I saw them, they were… right… ah, here!” Steve finished, spotting the boxes on the top shelf. “How many do we need?”
“See? You do know me,” Tony teased quietly, bouncing her on his knee.
“Definitely,” Steve promised with a kiss.
. And meaning it. That’s what makes it perfect. Come on, Steve, you’ve said ‘I love you’ before.”
“You know me so well, J,” Tony said, smiling when Ellie poked him in the chin. “Gotta keep you safe, right, munchkin?”
“So, what happened here?” Natasha asked, turning her attention to Lorna’s left arm, which was purpling and held awkwardly to her body. “Because that looks sore.”
“I’m so sorry, kid,” Dr. Stark said and unlike most people, he actually meant it. Johnny liked him. He would be a good dad. He wouldn’t abandon his son.
Steve smiled up at the night sky above him. “You throwing me out, Tony?”
“Thanks,” Steve smiled.
until Steve convinced him not to, through fits of laughter.
“They used tech to capture me,” Tony admitted. “I found their camp, their boat. And I took a few things. I was a kid, I was curious. I wanted to know how things worked.”
“Oh, he is,” Bucky replied, picking up another fajita.
“Because you mean something to me!”
“Steve, Steve, honey, I’m so close. Oh God, so good, this amazing, I… Steve.
“You say that as though there was something wrong with the Holiday Inn Express Fort Jackson Inn,” Steve teased.
“Evening Avengers,” he called, taking his usual seat at the head of the table.
Tony grasped Steve’s shirt tails and tugged; Steve sat up, helping Tony push the shirt off of his shoulders. Steve grasped the bottom of his undershirt, yanking it over his head while Tony pulled off his own t-shirt and threw it aside. Steve’s eyes roved over Tony’s chest - the tan lines on his arms where his shirt ended, the skin turning from the dark brown on his arms to the paler skin of his torso - and the dog tags swinging between them. Grasping Tony’s hips, Steve couldn’t help thrusting up against him, his movements aborted by Tony’s weight and the friction was so good, so good, but not nearly enough.
The doors opened behind him and Tony stepped back, trailing a hand down Steve’s arm until he could link their fingers together and pulling him into the penthouse.
“Easy,” Tony murmured, scraping his teeth down Steve’s neck. It did nothing to curtail the need and want rushing through him. Tony sucked on the skin beneath his ear and Steve relaxed a little because,
Once dry and dressed in clean pyjamas - Tony’s pants fitted Steve, even if they only came to his ankles - they made their way to the bedroom. Tony peeled back the covers then fell onto the mattress, practically asleep by the time his head hit the mattress.
The guard stared at him, before pulling out his phone and began scrolling.
“No, you don’t,” she grinned, wrapping herself around his arm and leaning against his shoulder. “Jesus, did they get these chairs from a torture chamber?”
“You’re not funny,” Tony informed him, returning to the bedroom. Steve’s eyes flickered over Tony’s body as he crossed the room and climbed into bed, taking in the corded muscle and dark brown tan lines from the Afghan sun. “I don’t know why you can’t just put the menu back when you’re done with it. Then we know where it is.”
at Steve? “Always.”
“Yeah. Oh, yeah… Aw, fuck, Tony,” Steve panted.
“Can’t believe you’ve been together twelve years and I’m still doing your Christmas shopping,” Steve sighed.
“Good.”
“Right.”
“Tony, there’s something I want to tell you,” he began. “I was waiting for the perfect time, but then Daniel pointed out to me that there’s no such thing as the perfect time. Tony, I-”
“What does it matter, you’ve done both?” she retorted.
“Oh, Steven, that’s not true.”
“L&L?” he suggested.
He heard the door open and footsteps approach then Tony appeared.
“Yeah, I think that’s fair,” Steve nodded
Steve hummed, Reluctantly, he unfolded himself from Tony’s lap, sliding out of the limo and biding Happy a good night. Tony remained pressed to his side as Steve unlocked the building and again when he unlocked the apartment, his hand slipping underneath Steve’s blazer to rub small circles in the skin of his back.
“Challenge accepted. Never have I ever left a friend at a party to have sex.”
“Eager much?” Tony teased when the need for air became too much. “Anyway, as I was
Steve blinked.
“Because apparently, so is Tony Stark,” she announced.
Because Steve didn’t know what he would do if anything happened to Tony.
Tony and MJ stood in the parking lot across the street from the overpass. Tony shoved his hands in his pockets, hating how unprotected he felt out in the open like this. It would be fine if he was alone, but he had a kid under his care and that was a terrifying thought.
He wondered for a moment if he’d gone too far. Could you tease billionaire superheroes like that? Maybe Tony Stark didn’t have Steve’s kind of sense of humour.
Steve flushed. “Thank you.”
“Hey.”
“How long exactly?”
“No, I’m coming.”
“Did you really think this would work?” Joseph asked in lieu of greeting. “I want my money, Steve.”
“I’m fine,” Clint replied.
The students were all in class, so there was no one to witness him dragging his sorry ass down to the admin department, but when he got there, all the office staff stared at him. Steve frowned. Maybe he looked as bad as he felt.
“Thank you.”
“Bruce, you doing okay?” Dr. Romanoff asked, guiding him away from the bed.
“Good night, Tony.”
Tony hummed and nodded, turning towards the horizon.
“What do you think?” Tony murmured. “Should I call Happy?”
“Yeah, but my boyfriend might object,” Steve replied.
“Absolutely none,” she declared, raising her chin.
“It’s a long story.”
He’d known Ms Edwards’ secretary, Rebecca, as long as he’d worked at the school. They’d spent the Christmas party two years ago talking about art because her wife worked at MoMA. They were what he would tentatively call work friends.
“We can take them,” Clint decided.
“Hurry up,” he demanded.
“Holy shit.”
but I know, I know sometimes you can’t believe that until you start to get better. Sometimes you have to do it for someone else until you can do it for yourself.”
“Only of IQs,” Tony grinned, his eyes sparkling.
Steve raised his phone to his ear and Clint couldn’t look away. It was like a trainwreck waiting to happen.
“I think it looks manly,” Clint declared, sticking out his chin.
“Uncle Steve?”
“Oh, yeah, that’s not good,” he sighed. He had to dodge more Dreadnoughts before he had a change to wrap his hand around the spike and yank it free with a scream. He panted, wincing as his arm stung. “Shit. J, how much am I bleeding?”
“Clint?”
Try as he might, Tony just couldn’t sleep longer than four or five hours at the most. Which meant, despite everything he’d been through the previous night, he woke at eight am, his body telling him it was already too late and didn’t he know he should be up and working already?
“I know,” Daniel replied. “Now use your artistic talents and tell me which one is most likely to get me laid for Christmas?”
“Yeah, Zoey?”
Nor did he like the macular degeneration which had forced him to hang up his scalpel, leave the OR behind and take a desk job if he didn’t want to retire at fifty-nine.
“Don’t stop what?” Tony whispered, nipping Steve’s earlobe.
“Franklin D. Roosevelt High School. I teach history and social studies.”
“Yeah,” she nodded apologetically.
“Okay…” Tony’s expression faltered for half a second. “Hey, did you know that dolphins are dicks?”
“I can’t take out the branch, he’ll bleed out!”
“I love Steve.”
“Yeah, because I was getting laid. Clint, I’m supposed to be meeting Pepper to start setting up the Meet the Heroes event at SI in fifteen minutes,” Tony exclaimed. “And you’re supposed to be there in an hour!”
“I am endeavouring to read them, however it seems the Maggia has upgraded their software since you deconstructed the previous Dreadnoughts. They are not operating on the same frequencies and indeed seem to have greatly improved their cloaking technology.”
he’d run off to the other side of the country in the first place and he erroneously thought he could lose himself in an array of bodies. When it became apparent that the revolving door of hook ups was doing nothing to make him feel better, he gave up clubbing and actually found his own apartment instead of just spending the night with whoever he could find willing to take him home.
“Heart surgery?” Hogan echoed. “I thought you were going to say I was dying. Let’s do it. Do I need to give consent or something?”
“He wanted to be better,” Steve spat. “You could learn a lot from him.”
“Alright, fair enough. Then if you want to get laid, my advice is diamonds.”
“What?” she snapped.
Tony wrapped his arms around his neck, leaning down to kiss the top of his head. “Sorry, honey,” he murmured. “I really thought you knew.”
“You know, I can give you what you want.”
?” Rhodey smirked.
“The vigilante? Yeah,” Steve frowned.
“Hank?”
“What?” Bruce asked.
“Don’t tell me what to do.”
His eyes sought out Steve once more, drawn back to him like a moth to a flame. He watched Steve’s eyes crinkle, his head thrown back in a laugh.
“No, hit a little too close to home actually.”
Natasha studied the older woman. There was something familiar about the way she was acting. Pulling a flashlight from her pocket, she stepped forward.
“I have a lunch meeting on Tuesday, so I could meet you at that coffee shop in Brooklyn we went to before, say, three thirty?”
It was as though all the air was sucked out of the room. Tony stared in horror as Wilson drew a litany of curved Ms in the dust on the floor.
artwork in this chapter!!! It has been such a challenge keeping it a secret for so long because I just wanted to shout about it from the rooftops. The full version of the art will be up on my Tumblr soon. Please show Hakko some love - not only did she create such wonderful art, she was amazing to work with. Thank you so much for making Steve and Tony's engagement announcement perfect ❤️
“No. I wanna move in here. With you.”
“Alright people, I hope you’re hungry,” Natasha announced.
Steve’s hands twitched, the urge to punch Alexander again almost overwhelming him. But he knew that wouldn’t do anything except incite Alexander further. Alexander was a strategist, not a fighter. If Steve was going to beat him, he had to do it with strategy.
Steve grinned then flopped back onto the mattress, stealing a few more minutes in bed before climbing to his feet with a groan.
Tony cupped the back of his neck and pulled Steve in, kissing him softly. Steve ran his hand up Tony’s chest, skimming the edge of the arc reactor, his fingers curling over his shoulder and holding him close.
“No dice,” Steve replied, with one more kiss. “I love halloween But, uh, how about later we try and get me kicked out of heaven, how does that sound?”
“I think he’s a drug addict,” Stark explained, his voice low. “Look at the pattern of injuries. It sounds crazy, but I think he’s doing them to himself to get the hit. He claims to be in way more pain than I’d expect for a surface wound, but when he thought I wasn’t looking, he relaxed and got angry when I asked him about it.”
Splaying one hand on Steve’s back and sliding the other below his ass, Tony peppered Steve’s neck with kisses, lulling him into a false sense of security.
“I love you too.”
“Wonderful place. They have these creatures known as the Boniboo-”
He watched Tony leave then turned back to Ellie, who started to squirm as she woke up further.
“Who am I to deny you?”
Steve laughed, shaking his head. Relief flooded his veins as he realised they’d done it. The company was theirs.
The fake shutter sound of a phone camera cut through the conversation, drawing all attention to Natasha, who held her phone aloft.
“Ouch,” he muttered, straightening up and favouring his right leg until his wound stopped throbbing. He made his way up the garden, yanking open the door to the pool room and found the knife still sticking out of the wall where it hit the day before.
Steve knew Angie was incapable of holding a conversation until she’d had at least one coffee, so they both pulled out their phones while they waited for the waitress to come back with their drinks. Steve pulled up Twitter, and noted with pride that the misogynistic troll he’d been arguing with had blocked him.
“I’m not. She’s extremely cute,” Tony said, offering Steve the spaghetti.
Tony rolled his eyes.
“You know Tony graduated top of his class at Harvard, right?” Rogers pointed out. “He joined the Army to put himself through med school because Howard cut him off. And he’s served multiple tours in both Iraq and Afghanistan. And he joined the Rangers. Do you know how many soldiers graduate from Ranger school?”
When he stepped out of the elevator onto the communal floor, Tony heard the sounds of the TV floating out of the media room. Following the strains of
“Hey,” Steve said, making the final step onto the ballroom floor.
Tony padded through the apartment, detouring past the travel crib to check on Hannah, before slipping back into bed. He rolled over, kissing Steve’s shoulder, before settling down and falling asleep once more.
“Yes, sir,” Romanoff nodded.
Steve stared in horror at the pictures lining the wall, each one showing in graphic detail the dissection of a mer. Pressing his hand to his mouth and fighting the urge to throw up, Steve turned towards the other walls, hoping they would contain something less horrifying. There were reports and maps and more pictures, all providing the evidence needed to prove the existence of mers.
Bucky gave him a dirty look. “Get your story straight, Stark.”
“Okay. Yeah. You made your point. Thanks, Buck.”
“He knew,” Tony confirmed, looking across the room, his eyes unseeing.
“Tony never wanted to hurt you,” Steve said. “Neither of us did. We made mistakes but we shouldn’t let them affect our work.”
“A dumb-ass human bleeding on my floor? Hmm… Yes.”
that Stane is spreading about him.”
“None at all. What’s in the bag?”
“You really didn’t know Matt was Daredevil?” Tony asked, sliding under the covers.
“You want me to help you open it?” Steve asked. “Okay, come here.”
The door swung open and his heart jumped to his throat. Steve dropped the hook but it was just Sharon. Before he could relax, though, he caught sight of her wide eyes.“Stane is back,” she hissed.
“You can tell from his ass?” Clint blinked. He leaned back, meeting Scott’s eyes behind Steve’s back and raising an eyebrow.
When Steve climbed the steps to the Stark Mansion the next morning, he found Tony perched on the edge of the pool outside, leaning back and soaking up the sunlight.
“What’re you doing here?”
“Oh, I’m fit as a flea,” Arnie insisted. “That drug trial you got me onto, Mr Stark, has worked wonders.”
“My grandparents had first editions of all four books, but my mom had to sell them when I was a kid,” he explained.
“I... hope that you can come home to me? I pray that you come home to me?” Then it hit him. Strumming along, he sang quietly, “I pray that you will come back home to me, just please come home alive.”
“It would make my fucking day to hear something weird,” Bucky sighed, rubbing circles into Matt’s shoulder.
“SHIELD are assholes,” Tony said almost dismissively before his face transformed into a wide grin, his eyes going soft. “Hi beautiful.”
“They’re alive?”
“Do you really think surprising me like this is a good idea?” Bruce shouted.
Five minutes later, Steve decided he couldn’t do this and reached for the drawer by his bed and then, finally, managed to fall asleep once the endorphins from his orgasm hit.
“Sounds good,” Steve agreed.
Steve woke slowly, the world blurring before his eyes. He squinted, and realised his eyes weren’t focusing which meant he’d lost his contacts. He remembered dancing with Tony and then he remembered the roar of fire, then everything was blank. He blinked, trying in vain to convince his eyes to focus. Shifting in his seat, he jerked back again, the handcuffs around his wrist rattling against the chair legs.
“I am?” Steve blinked.
Tony gulped for air, watching Steve push himself up until he was sitting by Tony’s hip. With gentle hands, Steve removed the condom, tying it off and tossing it into the trash. Then Steve fell down next to him, shuffling so they were lying face to face.
Ellie spat out Tony’s finger, gazing at him with wide eyes, then demanded, “Nee!”
He should leave, go home, except Johnny couldn’t do that for two reasons.
“See you tomorrow, Tony.”
“No, I’m dating one of those. This guy, he was weird. And I’m not talking Tony making a pet for his robot weird. This was creepy weird.”
“Hi,” Tony grinned.
Steve let his head fall to the side, regarding Tony with a soft smile. “Because you needed me.”
Tony kissed his cheek. “Positive.”
“No,” Steve shook his head, looking away.
(See the end of the chapter for
As he drove away, his phone vibrated with a new message, the message appearing on the console screen:
“That is disgusting.”
“One minute.” Steve cracked open a bottle of water and downed half of it.
“Looking for details of a social worker.”
“Yeah, fair enough.”
Marci grudgingly agreed to change the subject, although Tony caught her watching him several times with a twinkle in her eye, leaving him confident that the subject had not been entirely dropped.
The artist was good, because it was clearly Tony, sitting on Maria’s lap, but he was smiling happily and Steve knew without a doubt that Tony had never been happy when the Starks were alive.
He thought he saw Walters’ lips twitch in amusement.
Tony slipped into the bedroom and grinned. In his absence, Steve had stripped out of his clothes and was lounging naked on the bed, looking like something out of a work of art, his dick half hard already. Tony's mouth went dry, his own arousal building.
“You going out with Steve?” Bucky sing-songed.
“Nothing. I just, uh… It’s nothing. Stupid. Sorry.”
Tony watched him as he walked forward.
“Do you have kids?”
“Here we go,” Tony announced a few minutes later, handing over the plate. “Apple with a side of Tylenol. Bon appetit.”
“Really? I couldn’t tell,” Tony teased before giggling loudly.
was a bit too strong. He didn’t really
Which was… kinda unexpected. Because for the past year, his libido had been a bit of a no show, except for his first month in LA when he threw himself into the club scene trying to forget
and, after an advert for Grammarly, was greeted by a wobbly recording of Tony fighting in Monaco during the Grand Prix.
Tony chuckled. “Well, you’re not wrong.”
Leaning forward, Steve studied the blurry image, focusing on the face of young Tony Stark. A very familiar face…
“It’s fine,” Steve assured him. “They all know never to repeat anything I say.”
“Yeah, pressure’s way too high,” he confirmed. “I’ll go to the pool place tonight or tomorrow and pick up some new sand.”“And a backwash hose.”
“You remember that thing I keep saying about proof?”
“Mr Hogan,” she greeted.
“If we do, you might have to improve your security,” Steve joked, stepping close.
Bruce raised his eyebrows. “With all due respect, Mr Borson, which one of us is the medical professional?”
“Oh. What’s up, Doc?”
“Is anything in your life not complicated?” Rhodey huffed.
“Isn’t it?” Arnie hummed, arching his eyebrow.
, that felt good. That felt really fucking good.
“You got it!”
“Again?” Steve grinned. “Alright. But only ‘cause you’re so pretty.”
“What?”
“Still good?” he checked.
“That’s a constellation you call Cassiopeia,” he explained. “See? It looks like a double-u. A wonky one. If you draw a straight line from the middle of the bigger v, you’ll find what you call Polaris.”
Stane smiled coldly. “Why the interest? Are you a journalist or something?”
Clint eyed him. “Gary. Why do you have a tattoo of Dr. Stark?”
“Something on your mind?” Tony asked.
“Hey, honey,” Stark grinned.
“Steve,” Tony breathed.
“Why did you decide that?”
“How wonderful to see you again, Steve.”
“Surely someone would’ve heard a big ass explosion,” Tony frowned, climbing slowly to his feet. His head swam before levelling out.
At least, they looked like gills. But that was impossible, right? Because humans did not have gills.
The sarcasm in his tone was thick enough to be cut with a knife, and it was followed by a mixture of laughter and disgruntled grumbling from the crowd. Steve scowled.
“Barton, he’s all yours.”
“Are you going to see him again?” Tony asked. There was something weird in his tone.
, Steve thought.
Tony shuffled out of bed. Steve experienced a pang of anxiety when Tony left the room, internally scolding himself for it, but he always felt this way when Tony returned from a tour, as though he might vanish again if Steve wasn’t watching him at all times.
It probably wasn’t best practise, but he rushed through explaining a task to his class, before throwing himself into his desk chair and bringing up the feed of the fight, making sure the volume was switched off, and watching in fascinated horror as the battle continued. The longer it dragged on, the more it wore on Steve’s nerves and his nails were all bitten ragged.
“Where are the boxes of gloves?” Scott asked. “Dayshift keeps rearranging everything and I can’t find anything.”
Steve smiled but the joke didn’t have the same effect for him, considering he’d never met any of these people before in his life. A waitress, with
“You’re trying to kill me,” he huffed.
him.”
“Comes with the job,” Coulson smiled.
was on the tip of her tongue because she hated asking for help and the thought of asking Stark in particular burned, mostly because she knew he would hold it over her. But stewing about it wasn’t getting her anywhere and he was, unfortunately, probably the most qualified to help her.
According to People, Steve was his best relationship and his worst was Kathy Dare.
“This is me,” he announced.
“He’s sick,” Steve blurted out. “I don’t know what’s wrong with him. I mean, I do, kind of. But he needs help. He won’t admit it, but he does. And I don’t want him to die. Even if he is a complete dick, he’s… He’s my friend, I guess.”
“Alright, bring her into trauma two,” Dr. Pym ordered. She pulled a flashlight from her pocket, leaning over the patient. “Ma’am? Ma’am, can you hear me?”
“Now, in the meantime,” she continued, “Perhaps you could stop glaring quite so hard. If the wind changes direction you’ll be stuck like that, you know.”
Tony released him instantly, climbing to his feet to kick off his own pyjama pants. Gazing down at Steve, spread across the bed, his cock standing proud as he watched Tony through hooked eyes. A spike of lust jolted through him, and his breath caught in his throat.
“That was one time,” Steve muttered, filing into the rows of plastic chairs.
Picking up Evie Rose’s ice cream, Tony returned to the table, chuckling when her eyes widened and a grin spread across her face, before diving into the ice cream with gusto.
With no one else around, Tony had to take care of himself. It was one of the most miserable weeks of his life, and yes, that included the three months in a cave surrounded by terrorists.
“I’m fine,” Steve insisted.
“This ice cream is really good,” Steve mumbled, his mouth full of said ice cream. Between the pizzas they’d demolished between them, the ice cream, and leaning against Tony with his feet in Bucky’s lap, he’d started to feel human again.
Because staring out at him from his phone’s screen was Tony Stark. Underneath the picture it read
Steve shrugged. “So I’ve been told.”
He parked the car and made the now familiar trek up the hill to the back of the Stark Mansion, checking for anyone watching him before tossing the pool cleaning supplies over the garden wall and vaulting over it himself. Today he remembered not to land on his injured leg, so that was a definite improvement.
“Tony?”
“Steve and Stark,” Clint replied. “You know they kissed earlier?”
“Looking for you actually,” Tony replied, pocketing his phone. “Buy you a coffee?”
Thank you so much to everyone who has commented and stuck with this so far ❤️
He sat on the pier, staring out to sea, hoping for some sign, a final sight of Tony, but there was nothing. Tony was gone. He was home, back where he belonged. Steve had fulfilled his promise.
“Oh, heads up,” she warned, before tossing a fish at him.
Then his eyes fell on his guitar, still sitting on the sofa where he left it when he went to meet Tony and Bucky, notebook and pencil abandoned on the table.
“And what happened then?”
“You know we’re kidding, right?” Daniel teased, sliding his arms around Peggy’s waist and kissing her neck.
“You didn’t need to call in sick,” Tony replied awkwardly. “I'm a big boy. I can take care of myself.”
Scott squinted as the morning sun hit his eyes when they stepped out of the ER. Ahead of them, Steve and Tony walked hand in hand, bickering loudly as they crossed the parking lot. As Scott watched, Tony bumped his hip against Steve, even as their voices’ rose, the argument continuing but with an undertone of teasing.
“It would be very bad,” she agreed. “Because there is no way he would approve of you.”
“Dammit,” Steve groaned into his arms. “Yeah.”
“Asthma in the heat is no fun,” Steve agreed. He knew that from painful experience.
“Maybe I call you Steven,” Tony hummed, drifting on his back.
“Yes. Yes, definitely yes,” Steve babbled, confirming he was indeed onboard, arching his back to get his chest closer to Tony’s mouth, just in case there was any doubt in Tony’s mind. Tony chuckled, laving the nipple once with his tongue, before dropping his head and sucking.
Steve closed the door behind him then crossed to the empty armchair next to Arnie’s, putting down the diaper bag before turning Ellie so she could see Arnie.
Turning to the final door, Steve’s eyebrows raised. In the same clown-themed wooden letters as the nursery, it read
“No, no,” Peter shook his head. “It’s all good.”
One of the benefits of working the night shift and living away from the city was the fact that his commute to work was going in the opposite direction to the majority of commuters, which meant that Steve’s bus was all but empty while the ones passing in the opposite direction were cramped, sweaty nightmares.
“Thanks,” Tony grinned. “Yours is pretty good too.”
“And I know we had the conversation about not dating anyone else,” Tony continued, “But maybe we need to have the conversation about where we see this going. So we can avoid another miscommunication like this.”
“Ew, gross. I don’t wanna know,” Bucky grimaced.
“Sorry,” Steve apologised, shifting onto a hand against the mattress instead. Hope and wonder lit up his eyes. Hi beautiful blue eyes. Tony didn't know what it was, but after an orgasm he always felt the urge to wax lyrical about Steve's eyes. “Tony, what are you saying?” Steve asked, pulling him back to the present.
“What do you want?”
“Are you coming to English’s tonight?” Angie asked, changing the subject and flicking one final piece of cucumber across the desk at him. “Or are you gonna go make out with your boyfriend instead?”
“Happy, meet Steve and Angie. Steve, Angie, meet Happy.”
“I thought everything about me was irritating?”
“Why?”
“Alright,” Tony chuckled. “Next time.”
“Nothing went wrong.”
Could see her other father.
“You’re welcome,” Angie smiled. “And, it was nothing.”
“What?”
he loved them - and dropping into his lap. “And our neighbours are having breakfast,” he added, rubbing their cocks together and shivering.
“Is that what you want?” Tony picked up the pace, fucking up into Steve.
Johnny peeled off his jacket carefully, wincing again when he knocked his wrist and pain shot along his arm.
“This place is fake,” Clint added. “What exactly is the plan here?”
“Okay,” Peggy said eventually, apparently deciding to take Evie Rose at her word.
“Guess I just have one of those personalities. Can I get something for this pain?” Wilson winced, squeezing his eyes shut. “I haven’t felt this much pain since Bea Arthur died, God rest her soul.”
“Anything I can do to help?” Tony asked, moving back towards the kitchen.
“A small incident or…?”
Steve padded back through to the bedroom, curling underneath the still-warm covers and leaning back against the headboard, sipping his tea and watching the city outside. He was seriously contemplating taking advantage of Tony’s board meeting to lie in bed all morning, even though he could hear a voice in his head - which sounded like a horrific Frankenstein-ed version of Peggy and his Nana - telling him that he should make the most of the morning. But the call of the bed was far too tempting.
“The fact that you know that is ridiculous. You’re ridiculous.”
“And I didn’t even have to pull out my trump card,” Steve teased.
Instantly Steve's face fell into a scowl.
Sure enough, Clint saw sparks flying as the fire crew used the jaws of life to cut into the SUV, no doubt to get the patient out of there.
“Hey Steve,” Tony greeted, glancing up. “No mini me?”
When Steve turned towards Tony, he found him trying his best to remain serious but his eyes were full of mirth and his lips kept twitching upwards.
“Yeah. No, wait, before then. I kinda locked myself out of the apartment.”
“You’ve been?”
to the search bar and braced himself for the results.
And then he punched Alexander in the jaw.
“How do you know that?” Clint exclaimed.
The next time he heard the door open, it was followed by Steve’s voice calling, “Hey.”
He could do this.
Tony shut down his work screens at 4:30 before taking the elevator up to the penthouse to change out of his work clothes into a fresh t-shirt and jeans. He shoved his feet into his sneakers, grabbing his wallet and keys, before heading down to the garage. On the way to Steve’s apartment, Tony detoured to Ample Hills Creamery’s Red Hook factory to pick up several tubs of ice cream, making sure he had Steve’s favourite.
“You really are the parents then,” Matt joked.
“I haven’t puked since last night,” Steve retorted, before tapping his fingers against the wooden bookshelf.
That wasn’t it. Steve was lying, of that Clint was sure. Something happened with Pierce but knowing how stubborn Steve was, unless he wanted to share, he wasn’t going to. The only one who could get something out of him when he didn’t want to talk was Tony, who probably already knew in this case, and maybe Sharon, who was on bedrest until the baby came.
“Jesus Christ, Barnes!” Tony exclaimed. “Quit with the sniper act. You’re gonna give me a heart attack one of these days.”
Clint watched the emotions flicker across Stark’s face: confusion to understanding to disbelief. There was a flash of amusement, then Stark’s expression turned serious. “Well,” he nodded gravely. “They’re right. I guess. If you feel like you have to tell him, Steve, then go ahead. I won’t stop you.”
“The Boniboo. About yea big,” Thor explained, spreading his arms, “Green and slimy with stubby little legs and vicious claws. Adorable creatures.”
He could do this.
“Thank you,” Julie Wilson said as she stepped up to the podium. Once again, her eyes lingered on Steve. “As you may know, Dream Master Inc has dedicated itself to creating not-for-profit enterprises which will fund this and other new grants. Education is one of the pillars of our society. The future generations will change the world, and if we’re lucky, we’ll see them do it.”
“Skittles,” Tony corrected, without taking his eyes from the screen. “And chocolate sauce.”
Picking up the aluminium pole, he fought to get the net off, swearing under his breath when it caught the skin of his finger as he pushed down the metal studs to release the head. He ignored the very obvious sound of giggles coming from the pool behind him, focusing on finally pulling the net free and replacing it with the brush head instead.
“Da!” Ellie beamed.
Tony scowled. “I’d say your pretty face, but for that to be true, your face would have to be pretty in the first place.”
“Oh my God. Wha- What am I supposed to tell her son?” Bruce demanded, a look of horror overcoming his features. “Loki Borson insisted that I find out what’s wrong and they fund the residency programme here! If I get this wrong, I could lose my job.”
“Can you take Ellie for a few hours?” Steve asked. “I want to see if I can sleep through the worst of it.”
“Funny,” Maria retorted. “I was at the bar and he passed out, and their damn defib was out of batteries.”
“What happened?”
And they hadn’t even managed to get their clothes off yet.
Joseph smirked. “Keep telling yourself that, Stevie. Let’s just make it the same amount every time. You’ve got my account details. If I don’t see it in my account in a month, well… There’s a lot of people interested in you these days, Stevie.”
He struggled against Joseph’s hold, but it was like iron.
Tony was elbow deep in the belly of the suit when his music cut out, leaving the workshop in silence.
“Tony.”
“Ow! Foggy!”
Tony reached out, wincing a little as his injury twinged, and cupped Steve’s cheek. Running his thumb back and forth over Steve’s cheekbone, Tony realised with sickening dread just how close he came to losing Steve.
Steve huffed out a laugh, and buried his face in his hand.
“And don’t forget: we were together for over a year,” he continued. “I know all your secrets. Do you really want to risk it?”
He didn’t.
“Fair point,” Steve laughed.
“Mr Stark.”
“Uh… Oh, Barton sent me a text the other day to let me know he’d found my phone. Didn’t see any reason why I didn’t get the message. How has he survived this long without dying of stupidity?”
But Stane just laughed.
“So, how do you think I feel?” Steve cried. “How do you think it feels to see you in a fight? You know, I saw that fight in LA, and then in DC. And then they attacked your home, Tony. I saw your suit, or what was left of it. Jesus Christ, do you have any idea how that makes me feel? But you’re yelling at me for taking an asshole down a peg or two?”
“I need a CT on the DL,” Clint explained. “I have a patient with a lump but no insurance.”
Johnny nodded. “He, uh, he’s in prison. My mom died and he… he didn’t do so good without her. My sister left for college too and…” He shrugged. “Yeah.”
“Thought you didn’t remember?”
Sharon and Clint groaned. The relationship drama between the two techs had a habit of taking over the whole hospital. Sharon felt sick and it had nothing to do with… other things.
,” he laughed, pulling away and shaking his head. “I gotta go.”
“That makes sense.”
“Yeah. Sounding real fine there, Steve,” he replied dryly.
“What the hell?” Rhodey exclaimed.
“Hey,” Angie called when he stepped into the apartment.
“Nat-“
Crossing to the coffee table, Steve fingered the petals of the sunflowers sitting in the vase with a soft smile. He plucked one from the bunch, then he headed for the stairs.
“Oh, so you don’t wanna see the CNN article?” Angie smirked, shoving her phone in his face.
Steve’s only reply was another snore.
Tony watched her walk away, the blonde woman with a clipboard directing her down the stairs on the left. He caught sight of his reflection in a mirror opposite; he looked normal, a little sadder than usual perhaps, but normal. And yet, Tony couldn’t shake the feeling something was missing.
“You okay?” Tony asked.
“Yeah,” Steve drawled, getting to his feet. “I’d hate to see your donations from rich parents go down just because they have a problem with me taking it up the ass.” He marched out of the room, hesitating in the doorway to add, “By the way, if it was up to me, I wouldn’t have my relationship in the press. Just because I consent to dating someone famous, doesn’t mean I consent to having my life splashed across the internet for everyone to judge.”
Beside him, Johnny curled in on himself and Sharon suspected if he could sneak away or disappear, he would’ve done it the second he saw May.
“I fell off my bike.”
“Do what?”
“Shit,” Steve breathed, staring up at the broken glass high above them.
Biting back a smirk, Steve typed
“Dibs not it!” Clint’s voice echoed.
“How goes the code?”
Panting for breath, Steve stared at it.
She rolled her eyes. “I’m a lesbian, dumbass.”
“Did you just make a joke? Are you funny?” Tony grinned.
“No, I love you,” Steve grinned.
Tony paused, glancing over his shoulder, then said, “I’ll miss you too.”
Tony gave him a look over the top of his smoothie. “Please. Don’t insult me. You and May. If I’m giving you the gossip on me and Steve, the
When he was in college, he used to write songs every so often. A few stuck with him. There was the one following his nan’s death, then the ones he wrote for Peggy, Daniel and Angie, the one about living on his own.
“Order,” the judge snapped.
“So? Good idea, yes?” Tony grinned.
“Hello?” he tried, only for it to come out as something decidedly inhuman. “Hello?” he tried again.
Tony and Bucky relaxed.
“What did you do?” Pepper asked with a resigned sigh.
“Told you, I have one of those faces. People just take a dislike to me. I don’t know why. I’m perfectly likeable. Delightful, even.”
“Dr. Romanoff, can I talk to you please?”
“But you
helping
Clint frowned.
Peter’s face lit up when he saw Johnny; in contrast, May Parker scowled. “What is he doing here?”
“Easy, Steve. You okay?” Tony murmured. His hands slipped underneath Steve’s torso, helping him sit up onto his knees.
“He really is,” Marci confirmed.
“Hmm, Tuesday,” Tony replied, knowing full well what day it was.
“Can you stay?” Steve whispered.
“Mr Rogers, are you a native of New York?” Walters asked after he was sworn in.
“Yeah, I know,” Steve nodded. “I’m going to need a little more than that though.”
“Wow,” Steve exclaimed.
“So, more coffee,” Tony blurted.
“Hi,” Steve managed, his brain still trying to process the fact that,
“You owe us,” Marci repeated.
“We’re going to Josie’s to eat wings and get drunk. You in?”
“Can’t let what go?” Natasha asked, holding open the door for Banner before following him into the room.
“Thank you!” Steve grinned.
“Clearly,” Bucky muttered. “How’s the autopsy going?”
“I’ve met Steve,” he said around a mouthful of noodles. “That’s not necessarily an endorsement.”
Tony buried his head in his hands and tried in vain to calm his breathing. This was pointless, it wouldn’t work, the walls were closing in and he couldn’t breathe, oh God-
It felt like it took hours for the clerk to read the form.
He eased the elastic straps off of Steve’s shoulders, then tossed the wings onto the sofa. Fisting his hands in Steve’s blazer, Tony pulled him forward, holding the jacket open so his eyes could roam over Steve’s bare chest.
the nineties,” Steve replied, unpacking the takeout. “Peggy had it in her spare room when we were kids, then we took it with us to college.”
He slammed the door on that train of thought and walked out of the room as quickly as he could without looking like he was running away. Which he wasn’t. Much.
“No one does,” Steve replied. “SHIELD… thought it was a bad idea. That people might have problems with it if they knew I was an omega.”
"Strawberry allergy," he confirmed.
“Well, um, I realise I haven’t been, exactly, great to live with the past year,” Steve winced, rubbing the back of his neck. “So I thought maybe this would be a good way to… to apologise. And tell you I’m gonna be better. Do better.”
“That’s disgusting,” Steve declared. Tony rolled his eyes, a knowing smile on his face. So Steve took great pleasure in adding, “That knife still has my blood on it. Don’t use it to eat your dinner.”
“Sure. What do you want to read?”
family. My social worker said that she would try and find my father but she barely tried before giving up. So I’m going to find him myself and I’m going to live with him. And if you won’t help me, I’ll find him myself.”
Steve nodded, running his fingers over the bumps in Tony’s spine.
He just needed to find the perfect time to tell him.
“What’s going on?”
“Full marks,” Donnie declared.
She stood, smoothing down the jacket of her sharp pantsuit, and moved to the front of the courtroom. An expectant hush fell on the room.
“Tony?”
Steve opened the door slowly, sticking his head out in the corridor to check for guards, and rolled his eyes when he found it empty.
“What the fuck?” Scott repeated because he felt like it bore repeating.
It didn’t help that heats were essentially a chance for alphas to prove that they could take care of an omega and be good providers, and everything Tony had done since Steve moved in was prove that he not only could provide for Steve and his pup, but did provide.
“That I’m gay?”
“Fury? Have you heard from him since the wedding?”
Rhodey had tried to convince him not to close the door on their relationship just yet. He’d pointed out no one had said anything final yet, but Tony was pretty sure they were done.
“Not that many for a normal person, or not that many for an idiot who throws himself into danger for no good reason?”
“Believe it,” Steve promised. “I’m not interested in money. If anything, your money is a turn off. But,” he added quickly, seeing Tony’s face shutter, “One negative does not outweigh the many,
He hurried down the garden until he reached the tree house he’d noticed on his first visit to the mansion, taking the wooden steps in two long strides. He had to duck to get inside - it wasn’t built for someone of Steve’s height - but then he sat down in the middle of the first room. He let himself fall back until he was lying on the wooden floor and burst into tears.
“It’s fine,” Steve snapped.
Stane kicked him in the side, sending Steve sliding across the tile. Gasping for breath, Steve tried to push himself up again, but his arms trembled and his muscles screamed. When he lifted his head, he saw the top of Tony’s head breaking the water.
. He could feel the phantom weight of the cuffs on his wrists.
He couldn’t do laundry, because there was just too much; he’d need to do several loads and then dry them, before folding and putting away all his clothes once they were clean and no, just no. That was too much.
“Of course,” she rolled her eyes. The effect was ruined somewhat by the way she sniffed and wiped her nose with her sleeve.
“I don’t know,” Tony shook his head.
“Hey, Steve?”
“Efficient,” Steve grinned, letting Tony grab his other foot.
“I beg your pardon?” Loki Borson exclaimed, looking affronted. Bruce suspected that he often wore than expression, on the rare occasions when someone had the guts to tell him that he was wrong.
Clint pretended to puke again and wondered how on earth he’d managed to get Steve Rogers so badly wrong on their first meeting. On first impression, Steve came across as a sweet, innocent guy who was devoted to his husband. Then you got to know him and discovered there was nothing sweet and innocent about him, although he was devoted to his husband. And he liked to tell you exactly how devoted he was, just to see you squirm.
“How ironic,” Stane chuckled. “In trying to protect Tony from me, you reminded me of his existence. Until now, I was perfectly happy to leave him here. Then you came along and reminded me why that was a terrible idea. And why I should’ve killed that fish years ago.”
Steve chuckled. He hauled himself to his feet with a groan. “That’s more excitement than I wanted this morning.” He picked up his t-shirt and boots, carrying them outside to let them dry off in the sun. If he was lucky, his boots would be at least partially dry by the time he had to leave.
Evie Rose grinned up at Steve, before gleefully announcing, “Yes! Mom says he’s not safe to be let out on his own.”
“Like why it’s at the Air and Space Museum. He wasn’t in the Air Force. The only time he flew a plane in the forties, he crashed it.”
“Good,” Steve sighed. “Good. Let’s do this.”
“Is it? I had no idea,” she winked
As soon as Angie announced she was spending the night at her sister’s, Steve had his phone in hand, texting Tony to ask if he was free that night. Tony's reply was almost instantaneous.
“If you two are already talking about marriage, maybe you should say something,” Rhodey suggested in all seriousness.
He sat up, his fingers dancing down Steve’s chest as he unbuttoned his shirt with speed which left Steve impressed. He would never stop loving Tony’s hands, whether he watched them perform complicated surgery or coax Steve to completion in bed; Tony’s hands were a thing of wonder. Another time, when he wasn’t so desperate to have those fingers inside him, Steve would spend hours exploring them, feeling all the ridges and scars and hardened skin, pressing kisses to every finger to show how much he loved them and the man they were attached to.
“Exactly,” Steve grinned.
Steve offered him what he hoped was a confident smile. Then he almost dropped the pool cleaning supplies again when someone walked into his back.
“I’m lost,” Steve declared.
“Hey,” Steve echoed, relief washing over him.
“Sorry, I’m staring,” he realised.
“She’s pretty awesome,” Steve agreed. “They all are.”
“And a backwash hose,” he nodded. “And actually look up what backwashing is. What about the pump?”
“Did you say something?” Steve yelled from the kitchen.
“He finds it a lot easier to be stupid with his life than his heart.”
, Steve begged silently.
Making his way down the second spiral staircase, Steve found a shower room, no doubt for the Starks’ guests to change in, and a gym filled with exercise equipment which screamed of the eighties, so much so that Steve couldn’t help but smile.
“You’ve got this,” Tony promised.
“We’re not subtle, are we?” Tony chuckled.
“Beer?” Steve asked, taking a seat on the couch next to him.
“Yeah?” Steve smiled.
“Okay, but we have investors here. Important investors. I have been working on building these relationships for almost a year. I need this to make a good impression.”
“You’re late!”
“Can too.” Tony pressed a kiss to his collarbone. “What’s going on that head of yours?”
He heard a distant thump, muffled by the water pressing down on him.
“Yeah,” Hogan shrugged. “I’ve known Pepper for a long time. We were together for a while, then everything fell apart. Our lives went in different directions. And then we ended up working together again. And she was still the most beautiful woman I’d ever seen. And she’s incredibly smart and funny, and I just feel happy when I’m with her. I don’t think there’s much more you can ask for.”
“Helping Peggy with her Christmas shopping,” Steve explained. He sat down next to Tony, twisting to face him. “For the record, I missed you too.”
“Lucky for you,” Steve smiled.
“No, my cooking skills extend to putting pasta in water and opening a jar of sauce.”
“Nothing. I just… Just wanted to hear your voice.”
“Yeah. Four o'clock? Ish,” Bucky amended.
Natasha noticed Scott emerging from the closet behind Steve, but he appeared calm, watching Steve with wide eyes. She exchanged a glance with him before turning back to Steve and Stark.
“Bed?” he suggested. “You look tired.”
“Of course, sir.”
“If there
“How long until they notice we’re missing?”
“Shh…” Steve whispered, bouncing her gently.
“In my defence, I probably have concussion.”
,” and Steve knew that he loved her.
“Twelve
“Yeah, she is,” Tony nodded. He pressed his forehead into Steve’s chest and breathed him in. He was so tired. He wanted to sleep.
“Oh yeah?” Tony chuckled. He nuzzled Steve’s ear. “So you’re not feeling pleased?”
Natasha always told her interns and residents that really the trick to being a doctor was finding a way to make an emotional connection without becoming emotionally attached. Especially in ER. They couldn’t afford to get attached when their job was to either send patients home or send them on to specialists.
Steve frowned.
“Yes, it’s only water and electricity,” Tony deadpanned. “What could possibly go wrong?”
“That’s right,” the blonde woman replied, eyeing him warily.
“I love you too.”
“Yeah,” he admitted. “But don’t worry, Clint has a plan. And if anyone tries to make you leave before he gets back, just fake being sick and hide in the restroom for a while, okay?”
Lorna hummed. “Not really.”
They shared a smile.
“Okay.” He took a deep breath, then blurted out, “I need you to go to breakfast tomorrow with Dodgy Darren so he’ll do a tattoo removal on Gary for CT, because apparently when he got drunk he decided it was a great idea to get Stark’s face tattooed on his arm, and unless I get him the tattoo removal, he won’t do a CT scan on my patient and because your dad keeps cracking down on the budgets, she can’t get a scan because she can’t afford insurance in this messed up country. So. What do you say?”
Rhodey eyed Steve’s nest, his three-day old t-shirt and a half-empty can of Cheese-whiz with judgement clearly written across his face. A voice which sounded suspiciously like Bucky told Steve that he should care, but caring seemed like way too much effort. Effort he just didn’t have the energy for, despite sitting on his ass for the whole weekend.
“‘Fraid so, kid. But I’m going to send you for an x-ray first. I wanna make sure there’s no broken bones in there. In the meantime, we’ll get you a painkiller.”
“That’s technically true,” Steve admitted, scrubbing a hand over his face. He couldn’t decide if it was a good thing or a bad thing that Tony had tonight off.
“Hi buddy,” Tony choked. He reached out, cupping the back of DUM-E’s arm and resting his face against his claw. DUM-E hummed and whirred in concern, and Tony felt tears slipping down his face involuntarily.
Tony ran a hand through Steve’s hair. “For what?”
“I hope you weren’t too set on being married to a Major though,” Tony added. “I think that promotion pretty much went out of the window when I helped her escape.”
Steve scrambled off the couch, sliding across the wooden floor in his socks into his bedroom. Yanking open a drawer, he rifled through until he found a t-shirt fitting Daniel’s description and tugged it on. Luckily, he’d done a load of laundry the day before, otherwise the jeans Daniel specified would still be lounging in the bottom of the hamper. Steve shimmied them over his hips, turning to look over his shoulder into the mirror.
Tony glanced at him and for a second, Steve felt a moment of companionship pass between them. Then it broke as Tony started coughing, his breath wheezing loudly.
“Thanks,” Steve nodded.
, and was willing to die himself if it meant killing them.
“She is, but-”
“I’ll be glad when it’s over,” Steve confessed. “I gotta admit, I’m not… uh, thrilled with the idea of facing my kidnapper again. You know, in the moment, I think I was running on so much adrenaline that I didn’t have time to be scared or really think about the fact that he’d kidnapped me. But then we came home and the adrenaline wore off and…” He shrugged. “I realised how close we were to everything going very differently.”
“Wow. You might actually be even more pathetic than me,” Tony mused. He picked a raw prawn from the container, tossing it in the air and catching it with his mouth.
“Hey, is this new?” Steve asked, running his fingers over the scar as he continued to ride him.
“Maybe I’m wrong,” Bruce snapped. “Maybe I’m just being stupid and stubborn and pigheaded.”
“Yes please,” Tony replied, tilting his head back to receive Steve’s kiss. Steve couldn’t resist turning one kiss into two. “Love you.”
“Apparently not. It’s all over TMZ and E! News.”
“Fine,” Batroc spat.
Steve smiled.
“Your job doesn’t define you, Steve. You’re still good with kids, you still want to help. I saw you telling Eli about college programmes earlier, and showing Riri how to work those repulsors. You’re still the same person, Steve, just in a different place.”
Scott chuckled, leaning against his locker and dragging his hands down his face.
Clint nodded and continued filling in the admission paperwork for Wade Wilson. Sure enough, down the hall he could hear the voice of Dr Justin Hammer of the Urology department, no doubt terrorising any members of staff he found in Steve’s absence.
Time started to move again as Steve took the stairs slowly, gaze never wavering from Tony’s.
“Yeah, well, guess I’m gonna miss you too, Brooklyn.”
“Hello Ellie,” Arnie murmured.
“I got thrown in a dumpster again,” Matt grinned ruefully.
Steve knew it was coming once Ellie was weaned but that didn’t mean he was any more ready when his first heat hit. He was tired and achey and everything was too much or too loud and he wished he could just make it go away.
“Oh God, yes,” Steve groaned, his head falling back, exposing his neck and the trickle of sweat making its way over his skin. With an extra thrust of his hips, Tony leaned down, sucking on Steve’s neck which meant he felt Steve’s resulting moan, all the way from his lips to his dick. “Tony… Oh god, that’s amazing. Don’t stop.”
“What are you talking about?” May frowned.
“Oh. It’s okay, Steve.”
“Shut up,” Bucky hissed. “He doesn’t know that.”
“So how’s it going with Steve?” Coulson asked when Tony returned.
“I mean, there’s the outside, right? We all saw it on the drive up, yeah? And then there’s the entrance and this ballroom and the kitchen, but that’s it.”
“That was so hot.”
“No, thank you.”
The world was too loud when Steve stepped out of the building. Too loud and too bright. He pushed his sunglasses onto his face, despite the fact it was unusually overcast for LA, and crossed the street to where he’d left his car the night before.
“Yes. Or you can just message me. About anything. Like we’ve been doing.”
“Thanks. I missed you so much, it was-“
When Steve returned to his apartment that night, he pulled out Bruce’s card and turned it over in his hand, staring at the blue logo as it turned. He hadn’t been lying when he told Tony he wasn’t interested in Bruce like that.
“…about twelve hours.”
“Oh my God, this went so much better than I expected!” he exclaimed. “You see that? That’s Kenjiro Fujikawa. He’s
“I hate you all,” Clint muttered, but he pulled the box of vegetables towards him, stabbing a piece of carrot viciously with a chopstick.
Steve’s mouth twitched upwards. Angie fell in step with him, swinging her bag in one hand as they made their way downstairs.
“Is it always this awkward?” Tony asked. “Meeting someone you met online?”
“You’re welcome,” she replied. “And congratulations,” she added, noticing the ring on Pepper’s finger.
Steve shook his head, stealing another piece of prawn toast even though he stopped being hungry about twenty minutes and three slices of toast ago. “‘m gay,” he replied around a mouthful of toast.
“And I spent some time undercover in Italy, among other places, during my time at SHIELD,” Natasha added. “Bruschette?”
“Sounds like she wants you, dude,” Clint commented, slinging his bow into his back.
He had to destroy this. There was no way he could leave this information where anyone could find it. If he could figure out there was a hidden doorway, then someone else could too.
“Yeah. You’re cool, dude,” Clint agreed. “Aw man, how many dishes did you two use?”
“Same,” Steve replied.
“Wow,” Tony beamed, pushing himself off of the car and crossing the sidewalk towards Steve. “Wow, look at you. You look incredible.”
“That… was a lot of words.”
“Hey, Stark,” Bucky called, crouching down. “Over here.”
They tried a few more people but no one was keen to talk. Just when Tony was about to admit defeat, a woman called, “You want Nick Fury?”
“You are throwing me out of bed - out of our bed?” Tony grinned. “On my first night back on American soil, you are throwing me out of our bed?”
“Scott. He’s twenty-five, and he is at least in his late forties. Trust me: it doesn’t work.”
emblazoned across her t-shirt, materialised at his side with a tray covered in champagne glasses; Steve took one filled with orange juice and nodded his thanks, clinging to the glass like a lifeline as he followed Rhodey and Sharon further into the crowd.
“Hey, it’s me,” Tony grinned.
Tony jerked awake. Sunlight streamed into the apartment through the cracks in the curtains. Beside him, Steve was still snoring quietly into his pillow. Fear gripped Tony’s heart when he saw the time.
“Yes?” Tony grinned.
Sharon took a deep breath and tried to quash the churning in her gut, the nausea caused by her argument with Nat. At least, she hoped the argument was the cause of her nausea. Pasting a bright smile on her face, she stepped into the room where her next patient was waiting.
Instead, he picked up the aluminium pole and began trying to figure out how to attach the net.
Steve ducked his head, smiling bashfully.
“Tony, you’re giving me a
“You done, or d’you think there’s more coming?”
“Marco Scarlotti was a scumbag who enjoyed hurting people,” Nefaria retorted. “I did the world a favour by ridding it of him. If you knew half the things he did of his own obligation, you’d be physically sick. But then, considering the company you keep, perhaps it wouldn’t bother you.”
“Right…”
Then his dick slid between Steve’s thighs, and they both groaned at the sensation. It felt so good, Steve’s own dick briefly tried in vain to rejoin the party.
“Did you just let something go?” Tony teased as they made their way towards the exit.
“Ain’t that the truth.”
“No,” Steve shook his head. “That’s not the problem.”
There were any number of reactions Tony expected to get from Clint for that joke, but instead he didn’t respond. He just carried on edging his way into the workshop.
Fury nodded, a knowing look on his face.
Tony pulled him to his feet, not that Steve put up much of a resistance, keeping their hands entwined as they crossed the penthouse to the elevator. Tony gave him another reassuring smile as the doors opened and Steve tried to look confident.
“Gets ‘em from her mom,” Steve called.
“Uh huh. Total assholes. I know they get a good rep, but the truth is they do not live up to the hype. I remember this one time when I was a kid…”
“It really does.”
Scott never managed to work out what it was, because at that moment Steve leaned forward and kissed Stark.
“That’s good,” Clint nodded.
Steve backed out of the room, locked the door again, and shivered.
“Love you too,” Steve replied. Lips twitching, he reached down to squeeze Tony’s ass, leaving a lingering kiss on his neck.
“You attended the gala at Castello Malvagio on April 13th as Tony Stark’s plus one, yes?” Hogarth asked, leaving Steve’s head spinning with whiplash.
“Hey, I have my own dumbass to tape back together. Speaking off, while you deal with Sugar Ray here, I’m gonna go see if Matt managed to get himself thrown in any more dumpsters lately.”
“What’s so funny?” the man - creature? Thing? Being? - snapped.
Steve shrugged. “Not my fault you didn’t believe we were dating for
“Thanks, uh…?”
“I’ll be right back,” she told Charles, moving towards Stark. “Is there a problem?”
“Nothing.”
“Have you met me?”
Tony turned to him, their eyes locking, and said, “Thanks Steve.”
(Honestly, fair play to Steve for facing Pierce at the start of the shift. If Clint was in his position, he probably would’ve hightailed it out of the ER as soon as he saw his ex and drowned himself in coffee and pizza until the coast was clear.)
“Oh, so that’s how you knew,” Clint realised, turning to Steve.
Natasha hummed, but she didn’t argue with him. “Ready to go?”
“That would be appreciated. This is a pretentious douche no-fly zone.”
me, Peter,” May glared. “You are grounded until you’re fifty.” Rounding on Johnny, she continued. “And you! How dare you drag Peter on that thing.”
Tony packed away the rest of the trash from their dinner, before folding the blanket from the couch while Steve unhooked his laptop and the projector. He looked questioningly at the couch then at Steve. Steve shook his head.
“Manhattan, now.”
“Alright, get outta here,” Steve told them. “Enjoy your vacation. Oh. And, I’m kidding about the test.”
Or not, apparently.
“No. We don’t,” Tony agreed. “Unfortunately.”
Hope huffed. “That is cheesy and ridiculous and cliched and-”
By that time, Steve had fitted out the apartment with just enough furniture for himself and spent the rest of the time spoiling Ellie rotten. He was the first to admit that he intended on spoiling his daughter with everything he’d always dreamed about having for any future pup but known that he would never be able to afford.
“Is that the crash Stark went out to?” Clint asked, nodding towards the monitor in the corner of the nurses’ station that someone had turned on to the local news. Shaky footage taken from a helicopter above the scene zoomed in on a crashed SUV with-
Peggy pretended to consider it. “Hmm, nope.” Then she threw him a wicked grin.
He heard Steve rinse his mouth, then the shower door opened and Steve stepped inside. He leaned down to kiss Tony, then murmured, “Thought you’d never ask.”
Autoimmune hepatitis? No, her antibodies were normal.
“Breaking the internet,” Steve confirmed. It would get the message out there quickly but it didn’t involve any of the press, which was always a win in Steve’s book.
“Why?”
Gary shrugged. “That’s my offer.”
Tony snorted, making a half-hearted attempt to cover it with a cough.
He was the first to arrive; not surprising, since Bucky was always running late. In fairness, Bucky did say
“It’s okay if I come back to the tower with you, right?” Steve asked, looking up from his guitar when Tony emerged from the bathroom.
Oh. Of course. It was so obvious now. Of course he loved Steve. How had he managed to miss it? He smiled to himself.
“I know you can,” Stark smiled.
He pulled the dragon down and Ellie’s frown disappeared once more, entranced by the dragon.
“If you cared, why’d you run away like a little baby? Did dealing with the druggie vet hurt your delicate sensibilities?” he pouted.
Steve hoped that it hurt.
Steve ignored him. He picked up the aluminium pole, still with the net attached, and turned towards the pool, ready to continue fishing out the trash and debris. But Tony was staring at him and irritation flared in Steve’s chest.
Steve raised an eyebrow. “What, ancient pyjama pants and a faded t-shirt?” They were the first thing’s he’d managed to find in the boxes marked
“See you,” Steve echoed.
Bruce thought mutinously.
“Uh, that’ll be my Aunt May,” Peter replied, glancing at Johnny nervously. “Her number’s in my phone.”
“Get in here,” Tony grinned.
Steve grinned. “You’re the best roommate ever.”
When Steve woke again, the first thing he did was check his phone, where he found a message from Tony waiting for him.
He’d been dreaming, and it was a good dream. Steve was there, they were at a ball and they were dancing and talking. They were going to make it work, because they both wanted it, they weren’t fighting any longer and Steve was about to tell him something.
“I must be an idiot, but… Sure. Yeah. I’ll help.”
“Guess I’ll have to keep trying,” he murmured.
“Hey! True, but hey!”
“The Yankees,” Peggy replied promptly.
He didn’t have to do anything with them, just because he took them to the mansion. But it was an option.
“Well, that’s only to be expected,” Tony replied. “I mean, I did have such a sparkling example of humanity to look up to. No
“I’m sorry, honey,” Tony chuckled. “My turn? Okay, uh… Never have I ever gone out with a friend’s ex.”
Well, that rankled. But Steve leaned down and rolled up his jeans, gripping the edge of the bench when Tony swiped the bare flesh with antiseptic fluid.
“You… don’t think I’ll be a great dad?”
“Love you too,” Steve said, unable to resist stealing one last kiss.
“I’m glad you didn’t wait,” Arnie said, his voice thick. “I, uh, I don’t have much time left. Probably.”
Stark stuck his head in through the sunroof. Maria lingered by the side of the vehicle, ready to assist in any way she could. Inside the SUV, Laura Howlett stared at Stark with blank eyes, blood congealed on the side of her head and matting her hair.
“Hey,” Steve smiled, biting back a grin because Tony was playing the part of the billionaire businessman and it was incredible. His suit was steel grey and his tie bright red and his smile was just on the right side of sharp to be mildly uncomfortable for anyone not on his side.
“I already called the rest of the team, they’re on their way.”
“Thank God,” Steve sighed, collapsing by the side of the pool and ripping off his mask. He downed the rest of his smoothie in one then tipped his head back, breathing heavily. “It’s really fucking hot down there,” he exclaimed.
Slowly, so slowly, they lifted the branch from the wound. Tony suppressed the instinctive shudder at the sound. As the branch came free, Tony only had a second to raise an eyebrow at the spike on that thing - no wonder it ended up so deep in this guy’s gut - and tossed it aside.
“Hmm, not that I’m complaining, but what was that for?” Tony murmured.
Tony raised his eyebrows. “Places? What places? Places like Wall Street? That’s a place people get money.”
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“You called my boyfriend?”
“None! Father was furious.”
Peggy and Daniel couldn’t get a babysitter at such short notice and both had court the following day so they declined the invite, but Angie replied enthusiastically so Tony sent a driver to pick her up. Bucky was already at Matt’s for the night and Foggy also had court the next day, so they were out, and there was no reply from Clint, who wasn’t in the building. But Natasha accepted the invitation and announced that Bruce would be joining them too.
“You wish, Rogers!”
“Yeah, you know you’re okay,” Tony nodded. “For a human.”
The dismissal was like a slap in the face. Another one.
Maybe he should do a load of laundry-
“Alright,” Steve sighed. “Time to go.”
“Steve, I’m going to be honest with you: we can’t beat him in a court of law,” Marci pointed out. “We need to win the court of public opinion.”
Edwards turned her attention to her computer screen.
“I’m so sorry,” Natasha said. “I am.”
“Not finished,” Tony interrupted. “Buddy of mine, ex-Air Force, he runs a company where he gives vets entry level positions until they get on their feet. It’s not fancy but it's a job and a pay-check, which is what you need if you want social services to take you seriously.”
“Don’t make me cry,” Steve warned, feeling his eyes grow warm. “I wanna get through this with some dignity intact.”
“Let’s call it a night. Go home. Do… whatever you do and I’ll see you tomorrow, okay?”
“Of course,” Steve grinned.
“They have the best blueberry pancakes I have ever tasted in my life.”
“It’s your plane; doesn’t it wait for you?” Steve frowned, pocketing his phone.
Tony was studying him again, but his expression was softer now.
“Tracksuit Mafia,” Steve echoed, his fajita frozen on the way to his lips.
Steve glanced at Tony. “It’s a long story.”
“Because you’re human. And humans are assholes.”
“That guy?” Clint exclaimed. “What is he, sixty?”
“We’re gonna be parents,” Steve whispered, like he couldn’t believe it.
“Thank you.” Natasha eyed him. “Are you okay?”
“Like hell I’m going anywhere!” a voice roared from the ambulance on the other side of the road.
Steve groaned and arched, before wrapping his legs around Tony’s waist as they rutted together.
“Sorry,” Tony repeated. “Forget I said anything.”
“-father was the head of the department when he left Yale and gave him the job over other better and more qualified applicants,” Romanoff recited, fixing Hank with a look.
“Nice to meet you,” he called, hobbling out of the house without a backward glance.
“There’s that too,” Steve rasped.
“I’ll be right back,” she promised.
Daniel sighed.
Alexander went sprawling, falling to the floor with his head rolling to the side. Steve glared at his ex-boyfriend’s unconscious face.
“You need anything, I’ll be right outside,” Tony promised.
Maybe Tony did it just to be a good friend.
Bruce shrugged. “He’s a doctor. He knows what it takes. And if he doesn’t think that I…”
Steve squirmed away from her fingers and laughed. “Thanks. You need a ride?”
Evie Rose pursed her lips.
Tony nodded. He listened carefully; whoever was coming along the corridor was not a professional, they were far too noisy for that. Tony waited until the last possible moment before stepping out and raising his hand. A bullet pinged off of his chest and Tony dropped his hand as he recognised the person in front of him, his helmet folding back.
“Technically, I was early,” Stark argued, a shit-eating grin spreading across his face, “Considering I started treating my first patient before my shift even started.”
But when Steve appeared, he had a pint-sized, curly haired friend in tow.
Steve shrugged. He reached out, running his fingers over the petals of the sunflowers, now in a vase on the table.
Rhodey sat down on the sofa, picking up his laptop and opening it on the coffee table. He started typing, then paused, glancing up. “You gonna sit down, or just loom in the corner like a particularly buff vampire?”
Steve took Tony’s hand as they made their way inside, and then began the search for Peggy and-or Daniel. They found Daniel in the kitchen pouring himself a drink.
He shook his head.
“Not as much as me,” Tony retorted.
“I gotta go,” he told Bobbi. “Just remember: anyone tries to get you to leave, do that and hide in the restroom.”
Scott eyed Stark and grudgingly admitted that was kinda cool. He barely even blinked in the face of the drunk’s punch and had him in the arm lock in the space of a second.
“More?”
Steve glanced around the room once more, then his lips twitched up into a smile.
“Steve,” Tony murmured. “I like- No, not
Tony braced himself as the two biggest and ugliest thugs moved towards their chairs. He raised his chin in defiance.
“Alright, what’s wrong?” Steve smirked. “Because it
“Hey man,” Bucky greeted, appearing out of the crowd with Matt by his side.
“It was one stupid fight,” Steve cried, because seriously? How could Tony have an issue with this?
“Are you calling me out on my word choice?”
Ellie latched on quickly, instantly settling down as she began to feed, and Steve watched her, feeling so much love that he thought his heart might burst.
“Evie...”
“Amazing. You’re just so amazing, so perfect,” Tony babbled, grabbing the lube and squirting some onto his hand. “Best sex ever. God, I love you so much. I don’t, don’t ever want to do this with anyone else ever again.”
“No, I’m not,” Steve yawned, flopping onto his back, stretching his arms above his head. Tony’s eyes were drawn automatically to the motion of the muscles in his chest, and he silently blessed Steve’s penchant for sleeping bare-chested because it was the best sight to wake up to. “I called in sick.”
“Relax. I followed your instructions to the letter. Got up at two thirty am to follow your instructions.”
“Fusebox,” Steve nodded. “Okay. Be right back.”
“Celebrate later?” he suggested. He wrapped his arm around Steve’s waist. “I kinda want to go home. Home home, not the apartment.”
“Yeah. See you.”
“Feel better?” he asked, handing Steve the old hoodie he’d been wearing all week.
“I think that’s just going to make your blood pressure rise even further,” Tony chuckled. “Counter offer: we round up the gang and go clubbing tonight?”
Steve hesitated, looking down over the city once more. But this time, instead of seeing the beauty, he saw how many people out there could hurt Tony. And it terrified him.
When the silence stretched, Steve dismissed it as one of the many noises of a decaying house.
“I’m here,” Steve whispered, staring down at Tony. “I’m here and you’ve got me and I love you.”
Steve nodded. “Yeah,” he sighed. “Everyone probably has.”
“It’s okay, I’m here, you’re safe,” he said quietly. “Steve, it’s okay. You’re okay.”
That stung.
Suddenly, something clicked and the bookcase inched towards him.
“Steve is good,” he replied innocently.
“No.”
expression on his face.
“All that worrying for nothing, huh boys?” Sharon murmured to herself.
“Uh, I think she went to chase down x-ray,” Sharon replied. “They’re backlogged and we’re piling up down here. We have at least three patients waiting.”
“I hurt my arm.”
“How old were you?” Steve frowned. As long as he could remember, he’d heard of Tony Stark as the biological child of the Starks. Which, if he was stolen from the ocean, was a terrifying thought. Just how deep did this deception go?
“Yeah,” Stark nodded. He spun the chair around and leaned back. “I proposed to Steve a month after I got out of rehab. We’d been together for four years.”
“That’s because that officer tackled you to the ground,” Matt muttered, anger written across his face.
Natasha mumbled something in Russian, drawing Tony’s attention.
Pepper sighed, and Tony winced. One day, she would decide she’s had enough of him, and where would he be then?
“Thanks a lot.”
Steve stared at the pages he’d printed out, the instruction manuals for both the pump and filter, and tried to pretend he was reading them carefully and not internally panicking. He risked glancing up and found Tony watching him with one eyebrow raised. Steve instantly dropped his gaze back to the instructions and wished he’d paid more attention in physics or shop class or whatever would’ve helped him understand what the hell the instructions were talking about.
“What’s going on?” Evie Rose frowned.
“True,” Tony agreed, giggling when Steve gasped loudly in mock offence.
“Tony. Come on. You know what Helen tells us about bottling things up,” Steve nudged him.
“Sweatpants are in the closet, and t-shirts are in the second dresser drawer,” Steve explained.
He retrieved Steve’s gift from his coat pocket, and watched with nervous anticipation as Steve carefully removed the paper. He stole a glance at Tony as he turned over the leather box, before flicking it open to reveal the watch inside.
“Okay, yeah, I can see how the niece coulda made that awkward,” Bucky shrugged.
For the first time in a long time, Steve felt like he could breathe. He was still exhausted, and pretty much everything seemed insurmountable, but he could breathe.
“Uh, Dr. Carter?” Peter called.
“What can you do?” Stane mock-sighed, spreading his hands. “He’s the boss. But despite all of that,
Steve smiled, then leaned in and kissed him.
Steve managed a small smile, but his heart ached.
“Uh, I’ve been better,” Tony admitted. “I’m a few teeth lighter than I’d like to be.”
“Yeah,” he whispered. “I’m your papa.”
Tony raised his eyebrows. “Yes. We do.”
Steve’s face lit up, and Tony made the decision then and there to do whatever he could to make Steve smile like that for as long as he lived.
“I tore apart the Dreadnought from LA, but it doesn’t tell us anything we didn’t already know. Except what all the parts we found were for. They completely evacuated while we were fighting those things. They were ready, like they knew we’d find them eventually. There was a whole escape plan and now we don’t know where they are.”
“This house was designed by Howard Stark,” Steve reminded himself. “Don’t think logically. If the door’s not here, then it must be on the other side, and the other side is… Library. You’re not that much of a cliché, are you, Howard? Are you?”
Steve huffed, smacking Tony’s back with his heel.
“I didn’t steal from him!” Clint retorted. “And why are you surprised? You just called me a carny and a thief.”
Huffing out a breath, Steve fell against the back of the couch and closed his eyes.
“Yeah, I guess you’re right,” he told Nefaria.
“I’m fine, by the way,” Clint’s voice called out, making them jump apart.
Hammer huffed, turning on his heel and storming out of the room.
“That easy, huh?”
“If you’d asked me that a year ago, I probably would’ve said no,” Tony replied, causing Steve’s heart to sink. “But a year ago, I didn’t know you. Honestly? I’m still not sure about kids as a general concept. But having kids with you?” Tony smiled. “It’s something I’m thinking about more and more.”
“The jury finds the defendant guilty of all charges,” she announced.
“I’m Lorna,” she chirped, confirming what Natasha already knew from the admission forms.
“You’re evil.”
“Aunt May, no,” Peter protested. Sharon winced.
“What was that for?” he gasped when Steve released him.
“Can’t believe you two idiots managed to mess this up,” Matt sighed, pointing between Bucky and Tony.
“Nothing? Really? Have you been taking lessons from the Black Widow?” Nefaria teased. “You know she’s a murderer, right? Her kill list, oh, it’s terrifying. Almost as long as your friend Captain America. Who fights for truth, justice and the American way.”
Tony smiled, rubbing his hand over Steve’s knee.
Steve fell asleep against his chest, his arms going slack around the same time he started snoring quietly. Tony pressed his cheek to Steve’s hair, holding him close. Eventually Angie unfolded herself from the armchair, stretching her arms above her head and turning off the TV.
Steve tapped his fork against the edge of the bowl, chewing slowly. Then, sticking his fork in his mouth and holding it between his teeth, he switched to Google Scholar and tried again.
Tony lingered in his thoughts as he drove home, thinking about him and his obvious illness probably more than was safe while driving. Making his way up to the apartment, Steve tried to push him away, but the way Tony’s shoulders shook under the cough kept pushing its way into his mind’s eye. He pulled out his keys, but the apartment door swung open before he could get the key into the slot.
“Of course,” Tony whispered, and a pair of lips pressed against Steve’s forehead.
Tony stepped into the apartment, pulling off his coat, before tossing it and his scarf onto one of the bar stools. A small artificial Christmas tree sat in the corner of the room, decorated with a mismatched collection of ornaments and tinsel. Both windows were ringed with fairy lights, twinkling against the grey skies outside. Christmas cards were scattered across every surface. It was cozy and homely and Tony loved it.
“Why do you care if it means something to me?”
Steve knew better than to try to ignore the pain because he’d tried that once; Tony freaked out when he found out and begged Steve never to do it again because he hated the idea of hurting Steve, even inadvertently. Plus, Tony turned into the worst kind of mother hen when Steve was sick or hurt. At first, Steve thought it was cute, but then he caught the flu in their first year of dating and discovered it absolutely was not cute. Being a doctor didn’t stop Tony from freaking out, even for a mild flu.
Anyone could turn up at the beach at any moment, but they both lingered. Steve was in no hurry to say goodbye, despite knowing the danger, and it seemed like Tony felt the same way. Or maybe he was just indulging Steve.
“Okay, Cap. How do you want to do this?” Tony asked, wielding his phone with determination.
“No. Guess not,” Steve agreed.
“Uh, like this,” Steve added, demonstrating how to zoom in.
“I absolutely would not tell you if you looked like Bugs Bunny,” Rhodey replied.
Which was… a very good point, actually.
“Excuse me, I would very much like to not look demented in my engagement announcement,” Tony retorted.
Thank you to everyone who has commented so far! 💖
ridiculous?” Steve echoed. “I’m not the one being a total hypocrite.”
“Is that Tony?” a familiar voice demanded. “Hi Tony!”
Steve threw a piece of pasta at her, smirking when she shrieked and tried to throw a piece of lettuce back at him. The knot loosened some more and Steve said a silent
Tony asked.
“Yes, but that’s because you’re a dumbass who can’t walk away from a fight,” Tony teased, seasoning the chicken.
“Of course it’s you,” he sighed.
“Just before I came to see you,” Steve grinned.
“Back at you,” he replied. “You’re a complete asshole and I am seriously regretting ever trying to help you right now, but you’re pretty cool, Barton. I just have one question I would really like the answer to before I die: how the fuck did you get in my vents?”
“You know him? He’s the driver of the other car. It’s his daughter you’re here to help. His wife works at the hospital.”
Even Rhodey was busy, doing War Machine stuff for the Air Force, which kept him away more often than not.
Steve plucked the guard’s glasses from his face and shoved them on. He winced. Well, now he could see out of one eye, although the other one was still blurred. Good vision in one eye was better than poor vision in both, right? Then he pulled the gun from the guard’s shoulder holster and headed for the door.
“Buck-”
“You can do this,” Steve muttered. “Come on, Rogers. You went into enemy territory against orders with less nerves than this. They’re your team.”
“Tomorrow. Since she was still here, Dr. Cho checked you out. You have bruised ribs, one broken, and your jaw’s pretty bruised too. You’re lucky it wasn’t dislocated. Once your gums heal, you can get false teeth to replace the ones you lost. You were pretty dehydrated though, so you have to stay on that IV until the morning."
Next was trying to start the pump. Which, considering the generator was powered up and working - Steve had double checked - it should’ve started. But it didn’t.
“It’s complicated.”
Steve followed the sound of Scott’s voice, spotting him at the door to the waiting room.
“So what you’re saying is they’re basically the Slimer from
Steve stumbled forward and Tony was pulling him in, then Tony was scenting him properly and Steve buried his face in Tony’s neck to scent him back.
“This is Charles,” Lorna grinned. “He’s dating my dad.”
“If you have a fever,” Tony continued. “You know what that means.” He tugged at the blankets. “These need to go. You’re just making your temperature higher.”
Ellie blinked up at him innocently, before snuggling into Arnie’s side with a grin.
In his mind, Steve could see Tony, a tiny mer with wide eyes, desperate to learn.
“I’m sorry, fake hotel?”
By the time they went to bed, Tony was feeling cautiously optimistic.
“No way,” Scott snorted as Hope muttered, “No chance.”
“No?” he said. “Nothing?” He shook his head, grabbing his jacket from the couch. “Alright, whatever. When you decide to tell me what this is really about, Steve, give me a call.”
That was some intense eye contact going on. Scott was starting to feel vaguely uncomfortable. Had they, they did…
Ellie reared back in affront.
“So? Matt’s hot.”
“I was young and dumb, and he was older and handsome and he was nice to me,” Steve explained. “It was my first job out of college and in an ER. I was so scared but he never made fun of me for it.”
“Is that good or bad?” Bobbi asked.
. He knew how pathetic he was, he didn’t need it confirmed.
“I was in the area,” Fury shrugged. “Also, when your boy is ready to start looking for another job, give me a call. My niece just started Midtown and I know the principal. I can put in a good word.”
“Thanks. You too.”
“Really? Okay, what is it?” Stark said.
“Yeah,” Steve hummed, He put the knife aside, carrying the onion on the chopping board over to him. “Or I could cash in one of my rain checks to celebrate instead?”
“I’m pissed off.”
But it was only now, as he watched Arnie hold Ellie that Steve realised how true that was.
“We gotta get you out of here,” Steve said shakily. “There’s a car down by the generator. I’m going to get it and I’m getting you out of here now.”
“No, I take it back,” Steve decided. “
“Yes, sir.”
“Except for your husband,” Alexander added mildly.
Steve arched an eyebrow. “Just my optimism?”
Steve smiled, but Rhodey eyed him warily.
Steve stepped into his classroom, after returning the TV to the humanities resource room following his final class of the day, and did a double take when he found Bucky Barnes sitting on a desk in the centre of the room.
“And if we looked at your phone or social media, we wouldn’t find any communication between you and the defendant?”
Steve gathered him into his arms, kissing him through the aftershocks until Tony pulled back, just enough to breath, their foreheads pressed together.
Bruce pulled off his gloves, tossing them into the bin and crossing to Matt’s side. “She’s been having these episodes of psychosis for two years?”
“I hate you all,” Barton declared. “Except Natasha because she’s feeding us, and because she scares me.”
“Hey.” Tony spread his arms. “I’d make a lasting first impression.”
“Yes, a new drug trial,” Arnie said, his eyes twinkling with mischief that used to predate them getting into trouble that Bucky would usually had to get them out of. “I was put forward for it before but they ran out of funding so I wasn’t part of it. Then a few weeks ago, not long after you first came to see me, I got a call to say they’d received some more funding and there was a place for me if I wanted it.”
Tony did not smile.
“Yes. No,” Tony replied. “No.” He tossed his tools aside once more and stood up. “I’ve got to see a man about a dog.”
“Fine,” Steve repeated, closing the door, and cutting off any further attempts at conversation.
“I’ve got time.”
“Can they be worse for you than popcorn with Skittles?” Steve teased.
“This okay?” he whispered.
“You’re good.”
“I do,” Tony nodded. “But they didn’t do a lot of cooking. I do a mean goulash though.”
Shit.
“Coming,” he replied.
“Hi?”
Then in one fluid movement, his faceplate snapped down as he raised his hand and shot Nefaria out of the window with a single repulsor blast. Behind him, Steve raised his gun, firing three shots straight into the control panel and Tony wrapped his arms around Steve, just in time to shield him from the worst of the blast as they were thrown backwards, through the air until they smacked into the water.
Almost.
Then his eyes met Tony’s.
“They’re good,” Tony replied. Steve fixed him with a look. “Maybe a little chewy,” Tony admitted, “But I love them.”
“Get out of my apartment, Barnes,” he ordered. “Go bug your boyfriend or something.”
Closing the email chain, after hitting print so they had a hard copy of everything, Steve turned his attention to the final folder, which seemed to contain PDFs of scanned documents. He scraped out the last of the melting ice cream, holding the spoon between his teeth as he double clicked on the first icon.
Fuck.
“But-”
he watching? He didn’t even recognise it. He must’ve zoned out for… a while, considering the end credits struck up as he watched. Which, okay, that wasn’t great, but it didn’t mean anything. And it wasn’t his fault.
“Hope.”
“Natasha,” Tony replied.
Picking up the full trash can, Tony kept his grimace hidden until he was in the bathroom, washing out the can and spraying it with the disinfectant he found under the sink. Washing his hands, Tony glanced at his reflection in the mirror, measuring himself and hoping he wasn’t about to be found lacking.
Tony stepped further into Steve’s personal space until they were pressed together from shoulder to toe, splaying his hands across the small of his back and rocking their hips together just a little. “Because I’m very good at taking care of you?”
“Done,” he announced, sliding his phone back into his pocket and standing up.
“Underwear?”
“Oh, come on,” Tony roared, righting himself and hovering in the air.
Steve ignored him. He sat up, shuffling closer until he could slide his arms around Tony’s waist and hook his chin over his shoulder.
Tony glanced over his shoulder at Steve; Steve met his gaze and nodded once.
Then everything started to sink in and his libido fucked off and honestly? Steve didn’t really miss it. Relationships were decidedly not his strong point - see aforementioned month long bed hopping incident - so as far as he was concerned his lack of libido was just one less complication. No need to worry about romantic entanglements if he could keep it in his pants.
Stane.
Tony walked Steve and Evie Rose to the subway station, after Steve insisted Tony didn’t have to drive them back to Brooklyn. Evie Rose skipped along, hand in hand with Steve, clearly fuelled by the two bowls of ice cream, humming to herself, and Tony fell a little bit more in love with her.
that night, tell us what happened?”
“Thanks,” Steve said dryly.
Tony smiled to himself.
“Okay. If I get someone to remove that abomination, will you do the scan?”
Tying the laces on his steel toe-capped boots sapped him of his energy, but Steve forced himself to keep moving forward. Robotically, he collected a bottle of water from the fridge for himself, then picked out some fish for Tony and tucked the small plastic container with the blanched vegetables in beside the fish.
Steve shrugged. “Yeah. So it wasn’t my fault.”
“Well,” he began. “I think the most important thing is figuring out how many pop quizzes I’m going to give my sophomores next year. And second, I need to finish the test for the first day back to see how many students completed the summer reading.” Steve smiled serenely, taking in the dismayed expressions of his students with no small amount of satisfaction.
Tony’s eyes flickered from side to side while he considered his answer. They were brown, Steve noted, dark brown with flecks of amber and he itched to draw them.
“Sure.”
“Hi, Foggy Nelson, from Nelson and Murdock?” a voice called, distorted by the speaker on the buzzer. “I have an appointment to see Steve Rogers and… Tony Stark?”
“‘fraid so, honey.”
“Again: what the fuck?” Bucky yelled. “Somebody better start telling me what the hell is going on, or I am gonna kick some ass!”
“Hello Steven.”
“You’re such a dick,” Steve laughed quietly. “Why do I put up with you?”
The students let out a sigh of relief and began filing out of the room, some waving and wishing him a good holiday while the rest eyed him with suspicion just in case he was bluffing about the test.
“Hey, Bruce,” Clint called. “Got a patient for you.”
“Thanks,” Maria smiled. She guided a redhead woman into the exam room before slipping away.
“Well, I beg to differ,” Steve snapped.
“You don’t have to,” Tony murmured.
“Thanks,” Steve nodded.
“Sap,” Steve teased.
“I like flowers,” Steve yelled, and why was he going in this direction? This wasn’t the point. “Sunflowers,” he added.
Steve cried out, his hips jerking.
“Which was more than you were gonna do,” Marci arched her eyebrow again. Damn, that was far too effective. “You were going to wait for that magical moment where your eyes meet across the room, and got that ‘you just know’ feeling in your soul.”
Tony waited patiently. He knew that this wasn’t a time to push.
He waved to Steve before pulling away from the curb, and revved the engine loudly, drawing the attention of anyone who wasn’t already looking at the bright red R8 sitting outside a Brooklyn high school.
“Is that what you want to do?”
God, Steve loved her so much.
“Time to go see an old friend,” Stane snapped, yanking Steve towards the hall.
“Yeah, Zoey needed help with her homework.”
Arnie grinned and nudged him with his knee.
“You’re killing me here,” Tony groaned. Steve grinned unrepentantly. “Besides,” Tony continued, rubbing little circles into Steve’s hip with his other hand, “I love watching you like this.” He kissed Steve’s collarbone, pressing his finger in further and stretching, smiling when Steve’s breath stuttered. “I love watching you fall apart. You are just so goddamn beautiful, honey, I can’t believe you’re mine.”
Ducking into the staffroom, Steve tried to ignore the feeling of eyes following him as he crossed the room to collect his box of leftovers from the fridge.
After a moment, Steve nodded.
“Wait, so he’s... seventeen years older than you?” Scott asked.
“Okay,” Tony swallowed. “Okay, let’s throw this stuff out and we’ll start over. We’ll get a whole new set-up and you can watch
“Actually, that’s going small,” Natasha smirked. “Going big would be going out in the world without telling them and watching their heads explode.”
What was he supposed to do now? Obviously he had two options: like Tony back, or swipe left and forget about him. That would be the sensible option, because people like Tony Stark did not go for people like Steve. Tony Stark inhabited an entirely different world. Swiping left was the right thing to do.
“I’m never going to like seeing you get hurt,” he began. “But honestly? That’s probably a good thing. I think if I did, there’d be something wrong with me.”
Steve turned to the next room, another bathroom, and found it had fallen victim to the water damage too, although not as seriously as the nursery.
“I’m okay. I’m okay,” Tony insisted, shrugging Bucky’s hands from his shoulders. “I just…”
“Logic and extortion. Evie Rose, you are my kind of girl,” Tony chuckled. “More ice cream, coming right up.”
“I love you too, honey,” Tony murmured, leaning over the console to give Steve a quick peck on the cheek. “Alright. Out. Before we get arrested for loitering.”
“You too,” Steve muttered, watching his return to the elevator.
“I didn’t know,” Steve shook his head, a few stray tears escaping down his face. “When you finished your leave or when I… When the plane went down. I didn’t know about her.” He nosed at Ellie’s hair. “I didn’t know until I woke up and they told me I was pregnant. But she’s yours. She could only be yours.”
Steve cringed. “… Not really, no. But you said it yourself, I have no proof.”
Natasha stepped into the waiting room, taking a moment to study Frigga Borson’s vacant expression before crossing the room.
Disclaimer: I have never cleaned a pool filter or pump in my life. So if that part is totally wrong, it's creative license.
Nothing.
“What? They weren’t exactly handing out licenses in the middle of a war zone. You do remember that my first mission I was technically AWOL, right?”
“Sorry, you’re very cute when you’re angry,” Tony shrugged, still smiling and crossing the room to Steve.
“No Angie?” he asked, falling onto the sofa.
“Oh shut up,” Peggy huffed, downing her shot.
Meanwhile Steve’s hands were smooth, save for the nearly invisible calluses on his fingertips from his guitar (and Tony still wasn’t over the fact that Steve not only played guitar, but apparently wrote songs about him. That wasn’t getting old any time soon). There was a raised bump on the back of his hand where he broke a bone as a teenager in a fight and failed to go to the ER until it was too late to fix.
“No,” he replied. “Steve helped me pick it out,” he added. “If it helps.”
“Do I want to know what they picked as number one?” Steve grimaced.
“But it’s okay. I can take care of myself,” Steve continued.
“Positive,” Steve nodded, but his determination was undermined by the way he leaned forward to steal another kiss.
“As far as we can tell, no casualties,” Bucky reported. “But since the EMP took out all our phones, we can’t call 911.”
“Great,” Bucky sighed.
“It's my fault,” Johnny blurted out. “I… I lost control of the bike.”
“Did you say you left Ellie with Clint?” Tony murmured.
“Um, no. Yes! Yes!” Evie Rose cried, running into the bathroom.
Steve opened his mouth to tell him that he ate a banana on Tuesday, then realised that probably wasn’t going to help his case and shut it again, burrowing deeper into his blanket nest. He listened to Rhodey puttering around the apartment over the laugh-track from whatever show it was he was watching, no doubt getting ready to go out and meet his girlfriend.
“Tony?” he mumbled, but it probably came out more like
“These were delivered for you, Mr Rogers,” she explained, with a knowing twinkle in her eyes.
“Is my hair sticking up?”“Uh… Yes,” Tony nodded. “You look… utterly ridiculous.”
An awkward silence fell, broken only by the ping of the microwave, announcing that Steve’s pasta was done.
At the bottom of the stairs, they found a door usually held closed by a heavy lock. But whoever traversed the corridor last had neglected to lock the door behind them. Or perhaps they’d simply decided they didn’t need it anymore.
“So I guess you might need some things?” Tony said, still watching Ellie with what looked like adoration. Which was insane because everyone knew that alphas struggled to make connections with pups that weren’t their own. Most of them tried - the stories of alphas attacking pups that weren’t their own were in reality few and far between and usually the kinds of assholes who just wanted an excuse for their bad behaviour - but without the scent connection, alphas struggled with young pups.
It was too much. For now.
“Of course you did,” Steve chuckled. “I love you.”
“What’s going on?” Steve called, retrieving his lunch from the fridge and popping a grape in his mouth.
“I think she’s too close. And as much she might want to deny it, she’s not a spy anymore. She has actual human emotions. Just don’t tell anyone.”
“Yeah.”
“I don’t think we need to be here for this,” Scott began.
“Here.” Steve pushed Ellie into Clint’s arms, ignoring his squawk of protest. “I need you to watch her for a little while.”
“I am so sorry,” Sharon gushed, tucking her shirt back into her pants.
“Come on, baby,” Steve murmured. “That’s it. Come for me.”
Tony’s breath stuttered.
“Awesome. Hey Ari?”
“Ready?” he asked, running a hand along the underside on Steve’s thigh.
The bell rang, announcing the start of the lunch hour, and the sounds of chair legs scraping on linoleum and chatter filled the classroom. Steve watched his students file out of the room. Most days he loved being a teacher, but every so often there were days when he regretted every decision that led him to this point.
“Yeah. I think so,” Steve smiled. “Huh, Miss Eleanor? Oh, watch she doesn’t put your tie in her mouth.”
“Complicated,” Tony nodded. “Does he know?”
Steve studied Tony’s impassive impression. After thirteen years together, he could read his husband as easily as he read the charts at work.
Tony met Bucky’s eyes. “If we get back to the Tower, I can trace his watch.”
“Politely?”
wasn’t exactly the right word. Came rushing in wearing steel toe-capped boots and carrying sledgehammers would be more appropriate.
“Can we keep her face out of it?” Steve asked. “I know they’ll see her face eventually, but I want to try.”
“Yeah, about that…” Tony shoved his hands into his pockets. “I have a friend, army doctor, who’s stuck on bed rest and hating every minute of it. So I thought we could channel that anger into something useful to light a fire under the VA’s ass. You need to stay here for a couple of days and then, you’re going to move into your new place.”
“Holy shit,” he whispered with an excited little giggle.
Ever since he’d returned from Singapore on Monday, he’d been followed by a wave of whispers from both students and staff alike as they all tried to wrap their heads around the fact that Mr Rogers who taught them history and social studies was also dating Tony Stark. Personally, Steve had hoped that the ten days between revealing their relationship and his return to work would be enough time for the news to sink in.
“About… two hundred miles?” Steve guessed.
“Everything and nothing like Howard. And… he’s really good with Ellie,” Steve said, stroking her hair.
“So,” Tony said at last. “You leaving?”
“Fair point.”
He faltered.
Day three, and he felt even worse. But he dragged himself out of bed, fully intending to fight this thing head on. Angie eyed him, but she didn’t say a thing, which really should’ve been his first clue.
“Then why don’t you quit too?”
“I got this,” Tony muttered to himself.
Zoey was still asleep on the other side of the bed. Tony leaned down, unhooking Evie Rose’s arms from his neck.
“Don’t wake your sister,” he whispered, pressing a finger to his lips and nodding towards the travel crib where Hannah was sleeping.
“Go tell your man you love him,” Rhodey ordered.
Finally, after six days, the jury returned with a decision. Steve, Tony and Bucky filed into the courtroom. Steve felt jittery and cold, despite the fact the courtroom was almost stifling thanks to the summer heat.
“Hey, what happened to your face?” Rhodey asked. “You look like you went a couple of rounds with Mike Tyson.”
Behind him, Steve was still snoring softly, his face mashed into the pillow. Taking Evie Rose’s hand, Tony led her through the apartment, pausing in the kitchen to fill a plastic tumbler with water. He lifted Evie Rose onto the counter and handed her the tumbler.
“That’s good enough.”
“Table,” Steve groaned, waving his hand vaguely in the direction of the bedside table, feeling a rush of relief when Tony made a noise of affirmation, shifting in the right direction, before returning to kiss Steve once more.
“Looks like the latest StarkPhone. Present from your boyfriend?”
close to suiting up and flying over to Brooklyn to check Steve wasn’t dead.)
Tony glanced up at the notification bubble in the top corner of the screen, announcing the message from Steve, and smiled.
See that depression tag? It comes out in full force in this chapter so take care of yourselves.
(Tony had only been
“Yeah. I’ll do my best.”
Steve pushed those thoughts away. He refused to let that asshole worm his way into this moment and ruin it, not any more than he already had.
The blood drained from Tony’s face. “Did he touch you?”
“Yeah. They’re not bad,” Tony agreed. “Did you have a good time?”
“I’m in my last year,” Rhodey explained. “I’m doing a placement with Stark Industries at the moment, which should hopefully lead to a military liaison position after I graduate.”
“You’re pretty cool, Stark. I mean, you’re almost a complete asshole and you’re kinda drooling which is very off-putting, but you’re pretty cool.”
Tony chuckled, remembering to pick up a key on the way out, then took the stairs to the roof at a jog. He sat down on the blow-up couch, scrolling through his contacts until he found Rhodey.
“Sorry,” Stark apologised, holding up his phone. “I have to take this. Hello?”
But today Clint’s expression looked, well, not normal - and not just because Clint Barton never looked normal - but less shuttered.
“Oh yeah, that’s exactly what it looks like,” Bucky grinned.
They listened to the judge’s speech, relieved to hear him say that he wanted deportation to be an option, and that he would be discussing it with the Italian authorities. Then they stood again for the judge’s exit before making their way out of the courtroom.
The asshole stood up, turning to glare at Steve. Steve held his gaze unwavering.
“Isn’t that what people do? Be a good person, team player, all that jazz.”
“No,” he snapped. “I’m going to DC to testify against my kidnapper and hope that our corrupt justice system doesn’t set him free again.”
“Steve was sick again.”
“Okay,” Steve frowned. “So what do we do?”
“You got this?”
The cafe was a few blocks away from the Tower. Steve had grabbed coffee there a few times on his way back to Brooklyn, even getting breakfast occasionally, and he’d killed time there before meeting Tony on several occasions during the summer by taking advantage of their outdoor seating to sketch the Tower as he drank iced tea. But he knew that despite the proximity, none of the Avengers frequented the cafe, preferring the coffee cart opposite the entrance instead.
“Yeah, see, the thing is, I don’t care,” Clint shrugged. “This woman is sick and needs help and we’re going to give it to her.”
Looking back at Stane, Steve realised Stane was purposely staying far enough away from the edge of the pool that Tony couldn’t reach him. How could he get Stane to move closer to the water? There had to be a way, there
He led the way upstairs, out of the emergency exit onto the roof.
Steve watched him go then took a deep breath, his own nerves starting to make an appearance as the clock ticked closer to the start of the trial. He wondered if it was too late to drag Tony back to bed or to jet off to somewhere exotic like everyone expected him to be during the holidays.
“Mrs Borson? Hi,” Natasha smiled when Frigga Borson turned towards her. “I’m Dr. Romanoff. We spoke the last time you were here, do you remember?”
“Sit down,” Joseph repeated. “You’re attracting attention. And I don’t think you want that. I doubt you enjoy the attention of the press.”
“Love you too, honey,” Tony laughed, leaning into the elevator to kiss him one last time before the doors slid closed.
Tony blinked at him, incredulity taking over his features.
“Looking sharp,” Bucky commented as he waltzed into Tony’s bedroom. Tony raised an eyebrow at him.
“Of course,” Steve smiled.
“I hate that thing,” Steve retorted.
“I’ll be better when he’s behind bars permanently,” Steve shrugged.
“I like him,” Evie Rose retorted.
“Yes,” he gasped, fucking himself down onto Tony’s cock. “Yes, Tony… You feel so
“Absolutely not.”
“I don’t know why,” Tony shook his head. “I’m sorry. Why are you looking for him?”
“His aunt doesn’t want me there.”
“I’m okay, I’m okay,” Steve stammered. “Are you, did he-”
Tony huffed out a laugh, his arm wrapping around Steve’s shoulders, and he pressed a kiss into Steve’s damp hair.
Between the penultimate and final periods of the day, he pulled out his phone and called Tony.
“How strong are you?” Evie Rose asked.
“No.”
“Still.”
“Uh, yeah. Thanks,” Steve nodded.
“Bye Pep.”
“Yes,” Steve cried out. “Oh God, yeah. Tony…”
“Got it,” Natasha nodded, helping them guide the gurney into an exam room. “Waiting for patients became too much so you decided to go looking for them?”
“I like to come down here and look at it, almost every day,” Stane mused. “Pretend he’s still with us. The day Howard Stark died, we all suffered. A loss for the whole world.”
“You’ve told me,” he grinned.
“Hey Steve,” Tony replied, lifting his head to smile lazily.
Tony rolled his eyes, but he explained the process carefully. When Steve asked him to repeat something, he did so with nary a mutter. The reason why Steve had to ask Tony to repeat himself had less to do with his lack of understanding - Tony was a good teacher and Steve had always managed to pick things up quickly if he was paying attention - and more to do with the fact he kept getting distracted watching Tony’s face as he explained what to do.
“That sounds nice,” Steve admitted.
Tony closed his eyes, trying to stop his head from spinning.
Steve chuckled.
“Good,” Tony whispered back.
“Not great,” Harry shrugged. “The AC’s fucked in my apartment again. And my super’s an asshole who takes weeks to fix anything. I’d pay for an engineer myself but I don’t have that kind of money.”
Tony stuck his tongue out at him before smiling at Steve, who rejoined them with a drink in hand. The whole team, plus the extended family, had gathered for a pre-Christmas party to exchange gifts before some of them went their separate ways for the holidays. JARVIS was playing music - mercifully interspersing the seasonal songs with other, more tolerable ones - creating an atmosphere of warmth and festivity.
Tony took care of him. He cooked and cleaned, and bullied Steve into taking medicine even when Steve glared at him and declared that he was fed up of taking pills. Then he would cuddle Steve when they sat watching endless shows and movies on Netflix, usually scrolling through his phone or the tablet Happy delivered to him on the second day, because Tony needed more than one source of stimulation to keep his brain happy.
“Sorry I’m late,” Tony announced, barging into the room and rounding the table. “You know how it is, you save the world a few times and then they can’t do anything without you,” he smiled charmingly. “Hi honey.” He leaned down to kiss Steve, before taking the seat on his left.
“So what’s wrong with me? Am I dying?” Bobbi asked with the casual flippancy that Clint remembered from their passive aggressive fights when they were together. Looks like she was still using it to hide when she was afraid.
“Where’s the fire?” Clint asked. His eyes widened. “There’s not a fire is there? If there is, it wasn’t me this time.”
“I like ice cream,” she declared.
‘Trying’ being the important part.
Tony nudged his nose until Steve lifted his lips, allowing Tony to kiss him softly.
Was this how Tony felt when Steve was taken by Nefaria? If so, Steve understood Tony’s reactions during the trial a little better now.
Alexander stepped forward and took Steve’s chin in his hand. It was so similar and yet so different from the way Tony cupped his cheek less than two hours ago. Tony’s hand was strong but gentle; Alexander’s was demanding and unyielding. God, why did he ever think that this was something he wanted? He’d considered letting Tony go for this? Jesus, past-Steve was an idiot.
Before, he would’ve gone up to the Stark Mansion to sit on the terrace, his feet dangling in the pool, but it was being demolished. Steve had decided, once the investigation was over, to tear it down. Architects and fans objected, but Steve was adamant. There were too many ghosts trapped in those walls. He would never live there and he couldn’t sell it, couldn’t bear the thought of
“You hungry, baby girl?” Steve asked, lifting Ellie onto his hip. “Sorry, I better go-"
“Alright,” Steve replied, feeling a sense of deja vu.
He was still trying not to think too much about Tony being in the battle, or in any kind of danger, but he was determined not to hide from the fact his boyfriend was a superhero. He’d never learn to live with it if he just ignored it.
“Bye Ari,” Steve waved.
He saw in Steve’s eyes the moment when he recognised the song.
They listened to the sound of her heels fade away, then Coulson said, “There’s donuts by the bar if you want them.”
“Calm down? Don’t fucking tell me to calm down, Rogers. I
Tony looked at him, but his eyes were filled with defeat. He shook his head.
He glanced at the clock occasionally. The red numbers glared angrily, taunting him with every minute that passed. Steve just shifted further under the covers. He knew he should get up and get dressed, get ready to head up to the Stark Mansion as he had every day for the past week, but he just… didn’t. Couldn’t. No, he could; there was nothing stopping him from getting up. He just… didn’t.
“Bruce is being boring and won’t dance with me,” she pouted. “Tell him to stop being boring.”
“Fine,” Johnny muttered.
“It’s porphyria,” Bruce announced.
“Boring work stuff, really not that interesting,” Tony shrugged. “What did I miss while I was gone?”
“I love you too,” Steve smiled. “I don’t have a ring. I started looking, but none of them looked right for you, and I don’t have any money and I really only decided to do this about three hours ago.”
It took Steve approximately eight point two seconds after finishing his story to fall completely in love with Marci Stahl. He told her the whole sorry affair, from his father’s absences during his childhood, to his mistreatment of his mother, to the continued demands for money, right up to that morning’s meeting. When he finished, Marci blinked. Then her face turned hard and she declared, “I’m going to make him wish he’d never been
“Stark Industries is having the Meet the Heroes event today with some potential investors. But we can’t have a Meet the Heroes with no heroes.”
“Alright,” Tony murmured, turning his face back into Bucky’s neck and taking advantage of the fact that Bucky always ran hot.
“I get that,” Tony nodded. “I’m still getting over my relationship with Pepper. I mean, I’m not still into her or anything, but it’s hard. Figuring out how we make this work now.”
He curled his fingers again, pulling on Tony’s hair at the same time and Tony came with a shout.
“But there’s somebody you like?” she smirked.
Steve caught the bottle of lube Tony threw him easily in one hand, grinning when Tony’s head fell back and he moaned loudly in response.
“How was your date?” she sing-songed.
“I spent a semester abroad in Italy when I was at Harvard,” Banner explained. “I lived with an Italian family and Jacopo, the father, took it upon himself to teach me how to cook. Said he didn’t want me starving when I went back to America. The tagliatelle is his recipe.”
Tony pressed his palm to Steve’s cheek, running his thumb over his cheekbone, before leaning in and kissing him until they were breathless.
“Huh?”
“Uh, oh, yeah. Mhmm,” Steve hummed.
“That’s Steve’s phone.”
“What the hell do you mean, Barton?”
“Yes, I did,” Angie replied, picking up her bag. “Tony, sit on him. He’s not allowed to leave the apartment. And I’m taking these-” Angie swiped Steve’s bike keys from the hook, “-just in case you were considering making an escape.”
“Yeah,” he replied. “Lucky for me, she’s a good sleeper.”
“How’s
Their heads snapped up as Stane’s laughter bounced off of the walls. Steve’s chest felt tight and he couldn’t breathe properly. It was all going to fall apart, and they were
From his confused expression, Warren wasn’t going to be thinking about anything until he sobered up. So it was just as well that he wasn’t the real intended recipient. Steve watched Alexander leave though narrowed eyes then turned to his patient.
“Hey, Sarge! Come on, Sarge. No lying down on the job. Wake up.”
Steve glanced at Scott who was juggling two patients already and Wanda who was assisting Hope, and sighed.
The next few minutes somehow managed to both be a complete blur and to slow down so much that Bruce saw everything, every second feeling like a minute as they fought to get Jessica breathing again. His heart was in his throat, his mouth felt like dust, and a distant part of his brain was able to remark how wonderful it was that his training kicked in and took over without him needing to think about it.
“We make a good team,” Steve agreed.
“I don’t need a ring,” Tony assured him. He pulled Steve in, resting their foreheads together. “All I need is you.”
“Ready, come on, I’m ready,” Tony insisted, hitting Steve’s shoulder with his heel.
“Sure.”
“Tea. Soy milk, no sugar. Thank you.”
“Yeah, sure,” Tony nodded. “So what do you need?”
They left the apartment, walking down to the street hand in hand and making their way to the Smith-9th Streets station to catch the F train back to the tower. Tony pulled his hood up and leaned into Steve’s side whenever anyone looked at him for too long to avoid being recognised.
Tony pulled out carefully and Steve rolled to his side, managing to find just enough energy to tilt his head, watching Tony wrap a hand around his own cock and jerking himself off furiously. Tony grunted in his ear, his hips twitching into his fist. If he had the energy, Steve would’ve batted Tony’s hand away and stroked him to completion himself. As it was, watching Tony chase his own orgasm was beautiful.
“Better?” Tony asked, kissing up the column of Steve’s neck and rubbing his left knee.
Tony left the room, crossing to the nurses’ station. He glanced over his shoulder at Wilson, then frowned. Because the tense, shaking, pain-wracked patient he’d been speaking to was gone. Now, Wilson was lying still, so still he might’ve been asleep, were it not for the way he was poking curiously at the skin around the knife.
“Tony?” Steve yawned.
“Go on. Get clean. You smell worse than Barton’s socks,” Tony teased, pulling the door closed behind him.
“What do you mean?”
“Why?” Tony asked quickly. “I mean, he’s nice. And the two of you don’t look terrible. For humans.”
“Which us?” Tony asked. “Avengers us, or Lawyers R Us?”
“That’s high praise from him,” Steve smiled.
Bucky whined. “I’m not going to have sex with my super hot boyfriend for five months, Stevie. I don’t know if I’m going to survive.”
Steve blinked.
“Yes,” Tony replied as Bucky said, “No.”
He marched across the room and Tony started to feel bad. He’d been scared that something had happened to Clint or - worse - that Clint was going to do something stupid, so finding out that it was just a bunch of tangled cables should’ve been a relief.
“What’s the normal operating pressure?” Steve asked.
“How did you escape?”
“Wanna try that again?” Tony teased.
Bucky threw a sloppy salute, diving back into the crowd.
Tony paused in adjusting his cuffs.
. “We have reason to believe you were involved in the bombing here tonight.”
Steve felt himself loosening up, becoming familiar with Tony’s body and the rhythm, and the tension of the day began to seep away.
Tony pushed further in, sinking into Steve, Steve’s mouth opening and closing in silent exclamation. Once he was fully seated, Tony let his head hang, kissing the corner of Steve’s mouth as he panted for breath.
Tony spat out the toothpaste, picking up the glass and rinsing out his mouth. He dropped his toothbrush into the glass and stared at it for a minute. His toothbrush was sitting there, between Steve and Angie’s, looking like it belonged there.
“It was pretty heavily implied.”
“Oh, hey,” he called. “We missed you.”
“Always.”
“Steve?” Hope called from across the ER. “Can I get a hand in here?”
His heart pounding in his ears, Steve walked towards the alcove and pushed his full weight against the wall. There was a click and it swung open, sending Steve stumbling forward into…
“Steve?”
Tony pressed another kiss to Steve’s neck then pulled out slowly before thrusting back into him. Steve whined, his fingers digging into the pillow and making the fabric bunch. Tony’s heart pounded and despite feeling breathless, he never felt out of breath, moving faster until he found a rhythm that left Steve gasping.
“I’m guessing this isn’t a social call,” Coulson said once they’d collected their drinks. Tony followed him across the coffee shop to an empty table by the window.
“Wow,” Rhodey exclaimed, emerging from his room. “That is a lot of food. Planning a feast?”
he wondered.
“You’re in the public eye now. You’re dating an Avenger and you have just very publicly been a witness against your kidnapper. Public sympathy is high for you right now.” Marci picked up her tablet, scrolling through. “If you search your name on Twitter, yeah, there are the usual crazies screaming about how you stole a man they’ve never met from them, plus the ones who think that Tony and Bucky are dating. But the majority of mentions are positive. Your image is very wholesome. Probably because they don’t actually know you.”
“I told you,” he said quietly. “Anything Ellie needs. And she needs- she deserves to know her sire. To- To have a chance at remembering him. He’s her dad.” Tony’s eyes closed for a second. “She deserves the chance to know him,” he finished, meeting Steve’s eyes once more.
“That’s two rain-checks I owe you now.”
“Thank God,” Tony chipped in. “No offence, sir, but you aren’t exactly looking your best.”
Steve nodded. “You okay?” he asked.
“Stevie.”
“Behave. You’ll get fed soon enough,” Tony replied.
“I do,” she nodded. "But not strawberry, because Uncle Steve blows up like a balloon."
“I don’t know what to do with any of this stuff,” he muttered, picking up a- good Lord, was this a DVR? Clint shoved it into Tony’s hands. “It’s all knots. I wanna watch
“Yes, Evan?”
“Of course,” Tony muttered. Steve squeezed his hand in silent support.
He opened the shower stall then paused. Kicking off his jeans, he stepped forward and grabbed the shampoo, working it carefully through Steve’s hair before lifting the shower head out of its cradle to rinse out the soap.
“Well, yeah, that much is obvious.”
“I’m six,” she declared. “How old are you?”
“I wasn’t. I knew you’d find me.” Steve hoped his smile wasn’t as wobbly as it felt. “You always find me.”
“Yeah, I’m ready,” Steve nodded.
(He made the mistake of telling Bucky that one night while on a video call. Bucky glared at him, then threw his prosthetic at the camera)
great. But then his annoyance vanished abruptly when he realised Wanda wasn’t the only one checking Stark out.
“Go, before I regret this and change my mind,” Coulson ordered.
He opened his eyes, blinking in the darkness. He spotted the outline of Tony sitting up in bed, his head hanging forward.
Steve’s breath hitched and he bit back a moan. Untangling one hand from the pillow, he shifted it to cover Tony’s hand where he was leaning against the mattress. Tony couldn’t help but smile at the sight of their hands entwined, losing his rhythm momentarily in his distraction until Steve let out a disgruntled grunt.
“I love you too.”
“I’m gonna let you get away with that since you just saved my skin,” Steve grinned.
He was cut off by a heavy punch to the jaw.
“Oh God, Tony,” Steve murmured. “I can’t even imagine. You’re okay now, you’re here, you’re safe. You’re with me.”
Steve giggled.
He sat back, kneeling between Steve’s legs as Steve spread them to make more room for him. Tony’s breath caught at the picture Steve made, spread out before him, his chest covered with a sheen of sweat, his hair in disarray, and his legs wide, drawing attention to the bulge in his jeans.
“Well, it’s an improvement,” he muttered and began scrolling.
Maybe more than a little pissed off.
“Steve?”
Dr. Stark rubbed his palms together slowly. “If you can’t get clean for yourself, for whatever bullshit reason your brain gives you, then do it for someone you love.”
“What kind of decision?”
Tears pricked at the corners of his eyes. Drawing a ragged breath, Steve dropped the net and all but ran across the room towards the door. He jogged down the stone steps into the garden, his vision blurring and he felt numb, so numb, and yet somehow it still hurt, everything hurt.
Steve writhed further into the sheets, caught between Tony’s clever mouth and his skilled fingers, pulling Steve apart piece by piece. Tony’s arm was thrown across his hips, those muscles holding him in place to prevent Steve from choking him as his back arched.
Steve’s hand curled around his fingers, his grip lax compared to his usual strength and Tony kissed his shoulder, then again, and once more as Steve shuddered in his arms.
“I could. But I’m not. So I won’t.”
As far as he could tell, the generator was connected to the main house, but he decided to snap a couple of pictures on his phone and show them to Tony to double check, just to be safe.
“Nee,” Ellie grinned, patting his cheek with sticky hands and Tony laughed wetly.
“Want me to take her while you dry off?” Tony offered, nodding to Steve’s now-translucent shirt that was sticking to his chest and pulling with every movement.
“Well, if I’m not fine, it’s your fault,” he snapped, before he realised what he was saying.
“Okay. Just remember, I’m a married man,” Stark replied.
“You know what they say about things sounding like a good idea at the time.”
“Nah,” Steve replied. “I could do that all day.”
“It’s because of my insurance, right?”
Bucky snorted. “You’ve got it bad. Anyway, listen, me and Tony were gonna head out for a drink this afternoon,” he explained. “You wanna come?”
.” But he pulled Tony forward. “Peg, meet Tony Stark. Tony, this Peggy Carter.”
She rolled her eyes dramatically, but nodded. Both she and Tony watched Steve head towards the restrooms then, once the door closed behind him, Evie Rose folded her hands on the table, her face taking on an expression of the utmost seriousness, which was comical to see on a six year old.
“Yes, master. Of course, master,” Tony simpered, his eyes flashing as he bowed low in the water. “Whatever you fucking say, master.”
there was a way to do just that. And they could find it together.
It couldn’t be. It just, it couldn’t be him. Steve quickly brought up the news app, searching for the CNN article Angie showed him that morning. Because it couldn’t be Tony Stark’s actual dating profile matched with Steve’s. That was just, well, it was crazy.
“Your eyes are closed and your mouth is open,” she replied.
“I know.”
“Well, I’ll leave you to get settled in,” Tony announced. “Bye Ellie. Bye Steve.”
“If there’s donuts,” Tony smiled. “I’m sorry, honey, but if there are donuts, you’re taking the backseat.”
Tony pictured Steve; his sleepy smile in the morning, the weight of him on Tony’s chest, his rumbling laughter, and his voice as he sang a song that he’d written just for Tony. Steve, who he’d promised forever to.
“Thank you for saving me,” Steve whispered. He huffed. “Again.”
Steve wasn’t the only one who turned to look at the owner of the voice, but he was the only one who kept looking.
Steve fished for an answer but came up empty. He gave Stane an awkward smile and shrugged, praying they could leave it at that. Stane gave a satisfied smirk, as though Steve’s silence gave him all the answer he needed.
sex afterwards.
“Okay. Good night.”
“Shut up,” Tony grumbled.
“Good man!” Bucky cheered. “But if you wear a Christmas jumper, I’m hitting you with my shield.”
“I am,” he nodded.
“I know,” Tony smiled. “You start as soon as you’re fit. And as your doctor, I’m going to make sure you don’t start any sooner because I swear to God, you better not end up back in my ER anytime soon.”
A few people looked twice at Tony, but no one expected to see Tony Stark at a house party in Brooklyn so no one lingered too long.
“My suit’s dead,” he yelled, the voice modulator gone like everything else. “I need you to grab the release. My right knee! Can you get it?”
“Hey, you okay?” Tony asked.
“Thanks J,” Tony murmured. In the darkness of the ocean, he spotted the lights of the Guiletta a few miles ahead. “When we get close enough, scan the entire ship. I want to know everything you can tell me.”
“You were waiting for me to kiss you?” Tony asked. “I thought you hated me.”
“Nee? To-ny? I thought you were supposed to be the genius,” Clint teased. “Later guys. Mini guy.”
Steve swallowed. He took a sip of his tea, and he could feel Bucky and Matt watching him. Well, Bucky watching him. Matt was listening. Obviously.
“It’s fine,” he assured Tony, sounding a little more like himself.
“Love you too,” Steve gasped. “So, so much. Oh, God, Tony!”
“What?” Bobbi smirked. “Nothing you haven’t seen before, Barton.”
“Like, holy shit, Steve,” she continued. “There is stuff everywhere.”
The sound of high heels on hardwood floors grew louder, then a female voice called out, “Hi Phil.”
Steve glanced at the clock; six minutes left to the end of class and the end of not only the day, but the school year. Just enough time to troll his students.
“God I love you,” Tony swore.
into the search bar, closed his eyes and hit enter.
“Jess? Jess, are you okay? Doctor, she’s not breathing right,” Matt called.
“How’s what going?”
“I’m Dr. Carter. And you are?”
Steve released a ragged breath, forcing himself to move towards the spiral staircase in the corner, heading down to explore the wine cellar - which was bigger than his bedroom back at the apartment - to chase away the memories and creeping melancholy which threatened his good mood. When he returned to the ground floor, he hurried out of the library and returned to the entrance hall.
“Thanks,” Clint muttered, scratching Lucky’s ears.
“Look on the bright side; at least someone notices we’re not there?”
“It was after my break up with Pepper,” Tony explained. “I… did not take it well.”
“It’s not embarrassing,” Tony replied, tucking one leg underneath himself. “It’s just… Alright. This movie came out the year I went to MIT. At fifteen. The week before I was due to leave, Jarvis took me to the movies. We were supposed to see
“Got it,” Tony smiled.
“And when did Pierce find out? Because I’m guessing he found out.”
“But we don’t know. And his residency was a long time ago. We’ve all made mistakes in the past.”
“Not right now.”
“Do you have a first aid kit?”
So when Tony stepped around the corner of the cabin, he had no compunctions about repulsoring the two goons in the face. He snuck along the deck, following the plans JARVIS had found for the Guiletta, until he reached the door leading to the stairs. Tony descended to the lower decks, then paused.
“Alright,” Steve nodded. “It was great to finally meet you.”
Tony hurried towards Bucky, passing MJ off to him as he stepped back so Tony could take his place. Tony crouched down and sure enough, it was Nick Fury was lying on the ground.
Steve grinned innocently.
“Nothing!”
“Right,” Steve shook his head. He sat down beside Rhodey.
“Help.”
“JARVIS said you were up here,” Tony said, hovering at the edge of the roof.
People said that about him all the time, usually with scorn or anger in their tone. But with Pepper, it was just a fact. No judgement. Simply an acknowledgement of a skill.
There was a pause. The water sloshed over Steve’s knees; glancing down, Steve saw Tony pull himself out of the water, perching on the edge of the pool and watching Steve with a small frown.
Steve turned to Tony for confirmation. Tony hummed.
“I’m Captain America,” Bucky snapped, ducking under the tape. “And this building’s owned by Clint Barton. What the hell is going on here?”
“Yeah? How’s he doing?”
Because he had no doubts that Alexander was up to something. He just didn't know what.
“It’s done,” Evie Rose replied, sitting up.
“Okay,” Tony groaned, allowing Steve to haul him onto his feet.
“What are you talking about?”
“Really?” he teased. “You know how to boil water?”
but all that irritation built up over the past three days was done, and told his brain to shut up.
“Welcome back,” Bucky called, helping Matt to his feet. Matt took a few shaking steps, before nodding and Bucky released him.
“I am better at building things than you,” Tony nodded sagely.
Shit. The building probably wasn’t connected to the power, Steve realised, unless someone was paying the bills. Which seemed unlikely.
Tony reached the bottom of the gully and found the paramedics and an electrical repair crew gathered around a man with -
Hauling himself to his feet with a muffled groan, Steve shuffled across the room and pulled on the jeans and t-shirt he’d shed the night before. A few minutes later, with a travel mug full of the strongest coffee he could make and his keys in hand, Steve trudged down to the street, climbing into his car and praying it wouldn’t object to the early hour.
Stark smiled. “Nope. Sorry.”
“Speaking of homework, don’t you have some to finish?” Peggy asked.
“Alpha,” Steve murmured.
“Anything but a high school teacher?”
Steve swallowed - or he tried to, but the lump in his throat made it impossible. He blinked away the tears that blurred his vision and pressed a kiss into Ellie’s hair.
“You need ice on that eye?” Tony asked, as they watched the SHIELD agents begin to pack up the contents of the warehouse, everything from the Goochi and Ardmoni handbags, to the AK-47s, to more particle projectors and interferometry systems like the ones they found in the ports raid earlier in the month.
“Thank you,” Steve said emphatically. “Thank you so much, Rhodey. I don’t know I’m going to repay you.”
“Yeah, and then he sticks me in a fucking museum,” Tony spat.
“Hey, short stuff,” he grinned, ruffling her hair.
,” Evie Rose declared. “She’s doing her
“Alright, I’m listening.”
Although grocery shopping was a trial in itself, with paparazzi hiding behind the stacks of toilet paper, waiting to see what he was buying or just in case he decided to start an affair with the bag boy at CTown.
“As always,” Rhodey corrected. He sniffed, “If only more people would realise that.”
He looked up with a smile when Tony appeared, his suit replaced by a tank top and pyjama pants, the arc reactor shining dimly through his shirt. Steve put his phone aside then lay down, rolling into Tony’s side to pillow his head on his chest. Sometimes he thought this was his favourite place in the world; in the warmth of Tony’s arms with his heartbeat and the faint thrum of the reactor in his ear.
Johnny’s jaw dropped. “What?”
“You let a child get in a car driven by Bucky Barnes?” Hope exclaimed.
“Of course you do. Roll up your jeans so I can clean the gravel rash on your knees.” When Steve opened his mouth to object, Tony cut him off, “Steve, don’t even bother. I saw you limping. Just, for once in your life, please don’t fight me on this.”
Tony’s breath caught.
Before he could make a sound, Clint froze. He tilted his head to the side.
“You’re not telling me you understand this gibberish, are you?”
Steve frowned, glancing between them all.
And then Steve was alone.
“Well, we knew it was a long shot,” Marci announced. “Now, we can go to the Family Court and get a temporary Order of Protection, but here’s the problem: we don’t have any actual evidence that the money wasn’t a gift,” she explained, flicking her hair over her shoulder. “I mean, anyone with half a brain call tell that you wouldn’t just be giving him your entire bank account without some kind of reason, but the courts will insist on evidence. And he’s smart enough to always ask in person, which means right now it’s your word against his.”
English,” Tony laughed.
A shiver ran down Tony’s spine.
The doors opened, he took a deep breath, then followed Tony out of the elevator.
“Fuck. I’m gonna get so drunk,” Steve sighed. “Fine. Do your worst, Carter.”
“Yeah,” Johnny replied, eying her warily, as though he expected to be scolded for not telling her about his injuries. “I’m okay.”
“In my apartment? Yes,” Tony smiled. He pressed a kiss to Steve’s cheek. “I’ll try to keep the meeting as short as I can. Call you when I’m on my way home. See you later.”
“I don’t need help.”
“You gave me a key,” Steve said, his lips red and swollen.
“What if I introduced you to one?” Steve blurted out.
Peggy was going to kill him, Steve realised as the asshole’s first punch hit.
The silence stretched awkwardly between them. Tony did feel bad; he knew he was letting her down, and it was doubly awkward because it was for his new boyfriend.
“Hey birdbrain. What’s up?”
“Really?” Steve faux gasped. “Like what? You’ve already decided I’m not your level, intelligence wise.”
“Oh no.”
“We settle out of court,” Tony suggested. “We both know we’re losing if we go to court. But he knows that if we do, he gets shown in a bad light. We offer him a one off payment in exchange for no further contact, in person or otherwise. Draw up a contract, make it all legal, so if he breaks the rules and comes back looking for more money we can get the police involved.”
“Me?” Tony smirked. “No. I’m a Ghostbuster. I’m one of the good guys.”
Steve stepped forward. Grasping Steve’s hip bones, Tony pulled him in for a kiss. Between everything that happened the day before and their fight before that, it felt like forever since he’d last kissed Steve. Pulling back a little, Tony’s eyes flickered down to Steve’s lips. He cupped Steve’s chin, running his thumb over the pale stubble on his chin.
“No, let’s do it,” Steve agreed.
Tony glanced around the room, taking in the ornate marble, guided columns, and golden chandeliers, anything to avoid looking at Bucky. He’d avoided mentioning anything to Bucky over the past three days about the almost definitely a break-up. In all honesty, he’d avoided Bucky, because he didn’t want to lie to his friend.
“When you get home, order a pizza. I can hear your stomach growling from underwater.”
“I love you too,” Steve replied, stealing a quick kiss.
Steve knew the feeling. He loved Tony and he loved sex with Tony. The fact that he was never planning on having sex with anyone who wasn’t Tony ever again thrilled him and made his own dick twitch.
“That dumbass is Natasha’s problem. Or Coulson,” Bucky retorted. “See you. Have fun boys.”
“Oof.” Clint dropped onto the locker room bench and sighed. “I need coffee,” he yawned.
Unfortunately, it drew Pepper’s attention to him, her eyebrows raising in confused surprise.
Steve stared at the ceiling and wished he could fall asleep. But despite the exhaustion that had plagued him all day, now that it was dark outside and after midnight, he was wide awake and his mind seemed determined to focus on the incident at the Stark House.
God, he was tired.
“Okay,” Tony replied slowly, eyeing Steve speculatively. “What’s up?”
As creepy as Howard’s office was with its window into the pool, this room made Steve’s skin crawl much more. He had no desire to linger here any longer than he had to. He was ready to leave when he noticed the door in the opposite corner of the room.
“Online dating,” Foggy explained. “You make a profile with your picture and some basic information, and then you get matched with people you have stuff in common with. You can chat with people you match with and if you like them, you can meet up and go on a date-“
“No,” he declared. “No, no, no. Not him. Get out.”
Steve sprang back, his heart pounding and his face flushed, and found Obadiah Stane watching them with an amused expression on his face.
Angie stuck out her tongue and Steve chuckled, feeling the knot of anger and hurt in his chest loosen a little.
“Good to know, but not now,” Tony yawned. “Sleep, Steve.”
, Steve replied.
“They took my friend, and I don’t know why. Of course I’m not okay.”
“Ooh, I smell gossip!” Scott exclaimed, straddling a bench to face Steve. He wiggled his eyebrows. “Spill.”
“It’s actually very common,” Bruce continued. “I gave her IV dextrose and here... is a list of dietary adjustments.”
“I love you too.” Tony leaned in to steal another kiss. “We should put pants on, right? There’s a teenager in the house, that would be responsible, right?”
“This is creepy,” Steve murmured. It was like… a shrine, left in memory of the little boy even though there was no one left to remember him - with the exception of his brother, Tony, wherever he may be.
“Come on,” Steve laughed, tugging Tony’s hand. “Take me home.”
“Hi there,” Natasha smiled at the girl sitting upright on the gurney, blinking at her with wide green eyes. “I’m Dr. Romanoff. What’s your name?”
Tony glanced at Steve, raising an eyebrow. Steve shrugged.
“Barnes, seriously? Don’t we have enough broken glass around here without you and your super strength destroying my lab?”
“Stark knows what he’s doing,” Coulson said casually.
Tony’s morning started with a picture from Steve, a sleepy selfie of him holding a Pumpkin Spice Latte with the message
Tony glared at them, but then Marci fixed him with a warning look, and Tony obediently pulled out his phone and downloaded the Make-a-Match app, grimacing at the cutesy icon of two vaguely androgynous cartoon figures gazed adoringly at each other with a single heart above their heads.
It was his stupid manager’s fault.
“I love you too.”
“Aren’t we all?” Wade sighed dramatically.
“Okay, but you stay behind me,” Tony insisted. When Steve opened his mouth to argue, Tony cut him off. “I’m wearing a suit of armour, you’re not even wearing all of your suit. You stay behind me.”
“Then, good call.”
“Hey Steve.”
Evie Rose gave an exaggerated sigh, slumping against Tony’s side, until he had to loop his arm around her shoulders to hold her up, to stop her from knocking him off of his feet. How much did six year olds weigh anyway?
Steve glanced around the room and felt a wave of guilt. The place was a mess, and it was all because his lazy ass had spent the last three days on the couch because he just couldn’t deal with something as simple as a holiday. What kind of idiot couldn’t deal with taking a holiday?
“Are you famous?”
Tony leaned against the wall, smiling at the passing agents from behind his sunglasses. They looked at him with either awe or suspicion, and a select few managed to pull off both expressions at once. He pulled out his phone to make it look like he was doing something important, when in reality he was trying to beat Bucky’s high score on Angry Birds just to piss Cap off.
“What are you doing? You’re not wearing any shoes,” Tony croaked. “There’s probably glass and shit all over the ground, you’re going get an infection and die-”
“The Other Guy loves garlic bread,” Bruce smirked.
“Yeah.”
Bucky shrugged.
They weren’t the brightest bunch.
“Steve’s just a nice guy,” Hope insisted. “He’d be that worried about any of us if we were out there. Remember when Sharon had food poisoning last week? He’s the definition of a mother hen.”
“Where did you get money?” Tony frowned.
“Three?” Tony echoed. “You’re being ambitious.”
He could make out Tony and Clint’s voices above the rest and the strange non-scent that belonged to Thor. Then Steve stepped forward into the room and Natasha was the first one to spot him.
Natasha swallowed painfully around the lump in her throat and ducked into the break room, relieved to find it empty. She pulled out her phone and called Sharon, realising too late that it was after one in the morning and Sharon might be asleep.
They filled the subway ride discussing the Dodgers and their current form, and Bucky even contemplated graffitiing the subway car with
He leaned in, and Tony closed the distance between them, kissing him softly, his hand coming up to rest on Steve’s neck.
“Sounds good,” Steve agreed.
God, he was pathetic. Rhodey didn’t deserve to deal with this shit. Look at this mess. Steve was going to tidy it up, he decided, kicking off his blanket.
But instead of the joke or sarcastic comment he expected, Clint merely grunted and shuffled off of the jet after Thor and Bruce.
“I’m not afraid,” Steve argued, throwing himself into a chair and wincing when it instantly started digging into his back. He shifted in a futile attempt to get comfortable, before accepting it was a lost cause. “I just don’t like pain.”
Steve noticed some of the other passengers on the subway staring at him, but he figured that was more to do with him wearing his sunglasses underground than anything else. He kept his headphones on, playing soothing music with the volume down low to take advantage of the noise cancelling more than anything else. He downed the last of his coffee as he reached the school, dragging himself up the front steps and trying to look like his head wasn’t pounding. Reluctantly pulling off his sunglasses, he headed straight up to his classroom, hoping to take advantage of a few minutes peace before the day started.
“Begging, yes, no?” he asked.
“Me? Nothing,” Steve bluffed. Badly.
“Only in your wildest, kinkiest dreams.”
“Steve…”
Coulson hummed, taking a sip of his coffee. His eyes scanned the room. “When did this start?”
“Tony!”
“I’ve heard that before.”
“I hope you’re right, Mrs Borson,” Natasha agreed.
“Hey,” Bucky murmured when they broke apart.
“When did you start dating?”
“It’s not stupid,” Tony assured him, kissing below his ear. “We had a lot of firsts in here.”
Turning to Tony, Steve raised an eyebrow. “I thought you’d be trying to make me go to medical too?”
In the morning, Steve looked marginally better once more, but then the apple slices made a reappearance about twenty minutes after Steve finished eating and Tony accepted he was in it for the long haul.
“Good,” Tony sighed, “Or we were making do with hand jobs this round.”
“Hi.”
“I don’t understand?”
“I think it’s less about what I want and more about how long I can last,” Tony admitted sheepishly.
“Steve. Marry him,” Angie declared.
“What do we got?” Dr. Pym called, running towards the paramedics wheeling a screaming woman into the ER.
But Tony’s mind was never still, even with Steve half naked underneath him, and he pulled back to ask, “Do you think Clint was acting weird at dinner?”
“But I was so sure…”
“A hundred and one point six,” Tony read, peering at the digital readout. “You have the flu.”
“What do you think, puppy?” Steve asked Ellie. “Want to break the internet?”
“Be careful,” Steve called.
“Nat, he says he’s fine, so leave him,” Bucky called. “Besides, I need your help with our friend here, so let’s hit the road.”
“No, a meeting. Lawyer to client.”
“I know the feeling,” Steve said wryly.
“You called me,” Tony said, “To untangle the wires on- what is this?”
“You wish,” Bucky winked.
“The site crashed, Tony. But not before TMZ broke the story that apparently Tony Stark is online and looking for love.”
“Love you,” Tony whispered, reaching out with one hand to grab the lube before kissing his way down Steve’s spine.
Steve played the two lines a few more times, before deciding he liked it. He found a notebook underneath the sofa and leaned over to grab a pencil from the pot then began scribbling down the lyrics and the chords before he forgot them.
Just as Steve finished eating, Ellie started to squirm, making quiet mewling noises that quickly grew in volume.
Tony pushed him beneath the overhang. Steve put one hand above his head to stop himself from floating up against the overhang, still clinging on to Tony with the other. Tony’s fingers were digging into his arm, but his head was lifted towards the surface.
He looked out over the city again. He was going home, he decided. Not home, back to the apartment. Yeah, he’d go back to the apartment, order food, watch TV and just relax.
“What?” Tony grinned.
Steve froze. Then the aluminium pole slipped out of his hand and he scrambled to catch it without dropping the rest of his purchases from Seven Seas Pool Supplies. Rhodey’s eyebrows moved even further up his forehead.
“What are you doing here?” Steve called.
“Mom says never say anything uncle Steve says, cause he’s got a mouth like a sailor with a migraine,” Evie Rose recited proudly.
“Who is it?” Angie asked far too innocently when she emerged from the bathroom. But it didn’t register to Steve that she was looking at him with the wide-eyed Bambi expression which always meant she was up to something. He blamed the cold for slowing his reactions.
a door. Of that he was certain.)
- but he couldn’t bring himself to say any of them, fear gripping him from head to toe. Even if he could speak, he wouldn’t know where to start.
“How’s quitting going?” Hope raised her eyebrows.
And at the very end of the folder was a single note: the number of every aquarium and marine institute in the LA area.
“I’m calling you out on your word choice,” Steve grinned. “And second of all, Tony, you’re in Brooklyn. Making me soup and clearing up after my snotty ass.”
Tony scoffed. “Won’t you be missed?”
“I have a tattoo I want to get rid of. If you get rid of my tattoo, I’ll do the scan.”
“His husband’s deployed in Afghanistan,” Scott explained.
“Good,” Steve replied. “Relieved.”
(Even if he wished that he could.)
“Whatever. You still look hot. Hot and pissed off. And… We’re live.”
“Apparently, some of the parents have
Johnny watched the doctor step away from the door, linking his fingers and stretching his arms above his head as he yawned. Then the doctor fished a packet of cigarettes from his pocket, flicking it open before pausing.
“Alright, hop up,” Clint instructed, nodding towards the bed. “And lemme see.”
“Hi Happy,” Angie called. “Thanks for driving us.”
Steve shivered, clutching at Tony's shoulders, letting his nails bite into the skin. “Oh, fuck. Yeah. Oh, fuck, that’s so good, baby.”
Pulling out his phone, Steve hit call on Tony’s number. His heart thumped in his ears as he listened to the phone ring out.
“What do you want?” Steve asked in lieu of a greeting.
Tony hung back, staying close just in case, while Steve stripped off his pyjama bottoms and boxers, easing himself into the clean clothes.
“Sure thing,” Steve nodded.
(PS sorry if you got a notification about this chapter yesterday. The "post" and "preview" buttons are right next to each other and I hit the wrong one when checking the html)
“Deal,” she beamed, linking their pinkies and shaking on it.
“Ah, not bad,” he shrugged. “How’s Sharon doing?”
, and according to both the article and Make-a-Match’s official statement, no new profiles had been created since the website crashed, which meant no one could copy Tony Stark’s profile in the hope of catching out unwitting daters. Which meant…
“Looks more like they kicked your ass.”
Foggy tapped Tony’s elbow and handed over his phone. Tony frowned, until he read the message on the screen:
“I have no idea,” Steve shook his head.
, he thought.
“His aunt doesn’t know he’s gay,” Johnny shrugged. “And she doesn’t like me. Thinks I’m a bad influence.”
“Oh, one hundred percent,” he grinned.  “Did I ever thank you for that?” he asked, becoming serious again. “Not just for moving in, but for being… for being exactly what I needed back then. You didn’t even really know me but you did everything you could to get me through. So… thanks.”
“It’s, uh, it’s not just a watch,” Tony explained. “There's a chip in it which gives you full access to the tower. Well, technically not full access. I mean, it doesn’t give you access to any of the Avengers’ apartments. But the communal areas, the labs - my lab and the labs - and the penthouse. Everything like that.”
“Who?” Tony asked.
“What?” Stark faux-gasped. “Oh. Oh no. Oh, well. Guess you owe me a blowjob then?”
Tony chuckled, before crossing the room to corral Hannah, helping Steve to strap her into her highchair, despite her many and vocal objections. Evie Rose reappeared, declaring that Tony had to sit next to
“Okay. You are that clichéd.”
“Sorry?”
“I don’t think it works like that.”
Tony was a responsibility Steve didn’t want. But who else was there? Tony might’ve made it this long on his own, but Steve was painfully aware of the way Tony’s skin stretched across his ribs. Without Steve, Tony would die. A horrible, painful death. As much as Steve didn’t want that responsibility, there was no one else to take it on.
He didn’t move.
Following the Starks’ deaths in 2011, the house was inherited by Tony Stark, although he does not live in it. It has since fallen into disrepair. An attempt by Mariah Carey to buy it in 2015 for $15m was turned down with a statement that the house is not for sale.
His heart pounded.
“You’ll be fine. We keep the really explosive things downstairs. Kidding,” he added at Ari’s look of alarm. “You need to relax, kid. Seriously. If you need anything, I’m going to be over there doing mad science. Set this desk up however you want it. You need a laptop or whatever, requisition it and I’ll approve it, okay?”
Twisting awkwardly, he managed to find the washcloth and carefully wiped Steve down until he was satisfied. Taking care of Steve like this was almost as good as the sex itself, and it left Tony feeling inordinately pleased, especially when Steve watched him with love written in his eyes. It was replaced with laughter when Tony ducked down and planted a kiss against his asscheek.
“I got into a fight earlier.”
“Steve, I’m so sorry.”
“Hey,” Steve replied.
“And that’s why he’s my favourite,” Tony declared, wrapping his arm around Steve’s waist.
“Good,” Tony echoed, stealing another kiss from him.
“Peter Benjamin Parker, what the fuck?” May snapped.
to do with hiding the fact he was half hard.
“Look what the cat dragged in,” Tony called.
“That good, huh?”
“I’m going to get you some antibiotics,” Bruce added. “Steve, if you come by the Institute tomorrow, I can give them to you. Start with a week’s course and see how you are after that. If you need more, just give me a call.”
“Of course.” Tony kissed the crown of Steve’s head.
“Wanna tell us exactly what’s going on here?” Bucky demanded, stepping towards Wilson.
“You gave me a fucking heart attack,” Steve snapped. “I save your life, and this is how you repay me?”
“Alright everyone,” Natasha called, drawing everyone’s attention. “Let’s get started. First of all, nobody use the coffee pot - Clint’s using it as a mug again.”
“Yeah, I got a knife in my boot and a gun,” Bucky said, pulling out his own handgun.
“As I was saying, you’re going to regret this,” Alexander continued, pointing to the steadily forming bruise.
“How?”
“Yeah, only now they’re in DC,” Tony replied grimly. “I gotta go. I’ll see you later.”
Steve grinned, relieved to see the guard fall away from Tony’s eyes.
Just in case anyone didn’t get the see them, and therefore missed out on Steve’s profile, here’s what it says:
Suddenly Peter and Johnny’s nervousness made sense. It wasn’t just about not being out as gay, it was about not being out as a couple. Sharon nodded awkwardly, pulling back the curtain.
“I do.”
soundtrack on repeat until Angie threatened to kill me,” Steve admitted.
At that moment, Tony looked towards him, heat in his eyes as he made his way back to Steve’s side, Evie Rose already running off with a group of kids her age to bob for apples.
The screaming was coming from a supply closet. Steve’s outline was visible through the frosted glass, pressed against the door and hitting it furiously. Stark grabbed the handle and tried to yank it open.
Even as he smiled at Tony, Steve’s throat grew tight. He tried to clear it as quietly as possible to hide the fact his heart was breaking.
“Huh, I guess so,” Wilson snickered. “Oh man, that really hurts!”
Before his thoughts could head down that particularly delightful track, flashing lights caught his eye and he spotted a truck and an ambulance by the side of the road. Tony tapped the brakes, leaning into the curve as he pulled the bike off of the road and skidded to a halt in a burst of dust.
a great feeling.
“No,” Steve insisted. “I’m done.”
She repeated it. Tony rolled his eyes.
Tony chuckled. He stepped forward, holding on to Steve’s biceps as he reached up to kiss him.
“Ahem.”
“I’d say they’re not, but chances are this’ll be the one time they actually use their heads for something other than hitting people,” Clint muttered.
“Yeah, gotta be,” Bucky agreed.
Bruce huffed, barely containing the growl this time.
“I’m so sorry,” Steve interrupted. “Tony, I am so sorry for what happened the other day.”
Back at the apartment, he loaded the fish into the fridge then tiptoed back to his room and crashed on his bed to try and catch a few more hours of sleep.
Tony’s mouth curved up into a soft smile. Steve felt him relax a little beneath his hands and squeezed his shoulder encouragingly.
“You’re the smartest, kindest, best person I know,” he said seriously. “Plus, you’re pretty hot too.”
“This was fourteen years ago. He was younger then.”
“You know if there’s an assemble, we’ll have to answer it.”
When Tony woke, it wasn’t to the shrill ring of the alarm. He scrunched up his face, wondering what had dragged him from sleep before it was necessary. But then he felt lips press a kiss to the base of his spine and smiled.
,” Sharon declared. “
“Uh, I got stabbed,” Steve replied absently.
“What are we going to do?”
“Maybe we can help you figure out?” Julius suggested.
He pointed at Jessica’s catheter bag. “Purple pee. She has purple pee! GI and neuro symptoms, diaphragmatic paralysis, seizures, skin blisters, and purple pee! Porphyria!”
“Good,” Tony said, leaning over to kiss him on the cheek. “Because I really don’t want to have to take you to the ER on your first night here. I feel like that sets a bad precedent.”
“Thanks,” Angie whispered. “Good luck, Steve. I really hope it works out for you. You got yourself a good one.”
Tony glanced at his hand then turned away.
“Hey!” Tony objected. “Oh wait. I don’t actually care. Because, and I can’t stress this enough,
“Home sweet home,” Tony announced, killing the engine.
Clint glanced at him curiously; Steve’s eyes were fixed on the door and the man running into the ER with the paramedics and the gurney, blood on his shirt, as he yelled, “I need a type and screen, with two units of blood.”
The bell rang, announcing the end of the period, but the idea didn’t go away. It sat in the back of his mind and festered, growing stronger with every giggle or knowing look from his students. It nagged at him when he asked where Marisol was in fourth period and he realised from the looks of the other students that she was one of the ones whose parents had refused to let her come to school because of him. It was there when he ventured into the staff room for some much needed coffee and he saw the smirks of his co-workers.
was checking him out too.
“Not anyone,” Tony shook his head. “You are… You’re something, Steve Rogers.”
Tony nodded. “Guess it takes it out of you, meeting your birth father for the first time.”
“Lube?” he murmured, pressing a row of tiny kisses along the curve of Tony’s hipbone.
Apparently not.
Glancing at the little red dot in the bottom of the HUD, Tony decided it was time to make a swift exit.
He slipped out of his chair, sitting on the floor by Arnie’s feet and running his hand over Ellie’s back. Her face lit up when she saw him, reaching for Steve with one hand. He pressed a soft kiss to her palm, breathing in her scent.
“Yeah but he’s just so old.”
“Yes, I did. Because despite it being my second language, I apparently know English better than you do.”
“Is that Logan Howlett?” Stark exclaimed.
Steve chuckled, shaking his head. Tony squeezed his hand.
Tony smiled.
“I meant me,” Angie smirked. “I’m the baby.”
They spent the morning watching Netflix. Steve curled into Tony’s embrace, staring at the screen with dull eyes, while Tony’s fingers danced over his phone with the hand not carding through Steve’s hair.
The cat in question was dainty and all black, except for a splodge of white on its nose. It stared at Tony and Steve with disdainful green eyes, before continuing to clean itself, in a clear dismissal.
“Mr Stark. A pleasure to finally meet you in person,” Nefaria smirked.
“Steven Rogers?”
“Wow, look at that, Ellie,” Steve said. “Look what dad got you. That’s pretty, huh?” He turned to Tony. “Can you…”
Steve watched her return to the stove, then called, “Do you need a hand?”
“Is everyone okay?” Steve asked, his eyes filling with worry.
“Make out like a pair of teenagers,” Bucky added, grinning when Tony shot him a glare. “What? Come on, you know I’m right.”
“Hey Steve?” he said eventually.
“Wow,” Steve exclaimed when Angie opened her bedroom door, the fringes of her dress swinging, the sequins catching the light with every move. “You look hot!”
“Sure,” Steve nodded.
“Hmm, I do remember something along those lines,” Tony agreed. He put the washcloth on the bedside cabinet before pulling his shirt over his head and tossing it aside. Steve’s eyes lingered on his chest while Tony unbuckled his belt and shucked his jeans and his underwear.
“But?” she prompted.
The journey from the cafeteria to the ER was far too short, Clint decided, to figure out how on earth he was supposed to convince Hope to go on a date with Dodgy Darren. Unfortunately, he found her almost immediately. Gritting his teeth, he sidled up to her.
He shouldn’t. He should go back to the tower and let Steve get some sleep. But Tony let Steve lead him inside. He followed him upstairs and into the apartment, where Steve tugged him towards his bedroom.
“What the fuck?” Steve muttered.
“Wait,” he called. “Don’t cancel.”
“I’d prefer if you didn’t have to save me at all.”
“Stark, can you kill the security system?” Bucky asked.
Tony watched Steve’s throat bob as he swallowed, his tongue darting out to wet his lips. His hair was sticking to his forehead and he looked so beautifully debauched, Tony wished he could capture it forever.
“Yeah. Tuesday,” Steve nodded.
“Your sergeant from basic?” Bucky frowned. “He was at the wedding, right?”
When he glanced at Tony, Tony shook his head. “Not kidding, honey.”
Sometimes Steve forgot that there was a business operating out of Stark Tower and that it wasn’t just their home. But as he stepped into the conference room - one of Stark Industries’ rather than the Avengers’ one off of the communal floor - he was suddenly reminded. He wasn’t sure where to look first; out of the exterior window overlooking Park Avenue, or the wall of interior windows looking into the atrium that rose up through the middle of the floors belonging to SI. In the end the interior windows won out.
“It was… It was really good,” Steve smiled. “I missed him.”
He flicked the nipple with his tongue, before swirling it around Steve’s areola, then tugging it gently with his teeth until Steve keened. Tony pulled back, licking his lips, watching Steve’s half-lidded eyes follow the movement.
“I’m pretty sure Steve’s not coming. In fact, I’m pretty sure you’re not going to see him again.”
“Eat your food,” Steve retorted, but there was no real heat behind his words.
“For you?” Stark replied and
“Thor’s fine, I think he’s had worse hangovers; he’s started recovery. I’m pissed but I’m fine, and we’re waiting for Matt’s ears to stop ringing so he can help,” Bucky finished, jerking his thumb over his shoulder. Tony glanced behind him and spotted Matt for the first time. He tried to imagine being blind and losing his hearing and winced.
Nefaria chuckled. “You’re clever. Maybe not as clever as me, but still clever.”
Stark frowned. “You want me to say something to him?”
“Bye,” Steve echoed. He watched Tony shuffle towards the edge of the pier, then blurted out, “I’ll miss you.”
“I absolutely do not.”“I’m your friend.”
“It was certainly uncharacteristic for Agent Barton,” JARVIS confirmed.
He curled himself around Tony, managing to whisper, “Alpha,” between kisses and Tony’s hand spasmed on his hip, his fingers digging into Steve’s skin as his skirt rode up and that was better, so much better, because now Tony was touching him skin on skin.
Tony ducked his head, his lips twisting and pursing as he fought to stop smiling. He glanced up at Steve.
Yeah. That wasn't happening.
“You don’t have to,” Natasha said. “Right, guys?”
“No, you cannot get a dog,” Tony replied.
Steve whined and buried his face in the pillow.
Tony held up his hands in surrender.
“Bucky’s here,” Tony announced.
“No, I don’t,” he agreed. “Usually, it’s not a big deal-”
Steve lay there, staring at the wall and tried to convince himself to move.
“I appreciate the offer,” Steve replied. “But, uh, no thanks.”
Steve frowned at the screen.
Tony waved Steve off. Then a realisation struck him and he whirled to face his boyfriend.
“No,” Steve laughed.
“Three weeks, I think,” Clint replied. He peered around the corner; Steve was biting his nails, his muscles bunched with all the tension in his frame.
“You just watched the movie!”
“I mean, they don’t have a lot to work with considering your Insta’s private and Tony kept you off of his until now,” Angie added.
Tony pulled off his helmet, ruffling his hair as he grinned up at Steve. “That was fun.”
“Dr. Banner?” He turned to find Dr. Carter sticking her head out of another room. “Can I get a hand in here?”
Reaching his stop, Steve shoved his book back into his bag and crossed the hospital parking lot, waving to Luis and Kurt as they set up the food truck for the night.
Steve dragged his backpack over to his side, searching for the hand towel he always carried in case of emergencies, then realised it was going to do very little to help considering how wet he was. He peeled his t-shirt off, sitting up to squeeze the water out of it before dropping it onto the tiled floor and letting his head hang.
“There’s nothing there,” he scolded himself. “Why are you being such a dumbass?”
Standing by the edge of the water, Steve turned to take a picture of the bar and the spiral staircases, hoping he could get some of the light from the stained glass windows in the photo too. The water lapped loudly against the edge and Steve glanced down.
“Fair enough,” Tony laughed. He ran his hand back and forth over Steve’s collarbone as though he was never planning on letting go. Steve was surprisingly okay with that. “I have no idea how we’re going to do this,” Tony admitted.
“I have a bad feeling about this,” Clint muttered, taking another sip from the coffee pot.
Steve only realised he was clenching his fists when his nails started digging painfully into his palms. Relaxing his hands, Steve sighed. It was too easy to look at the addicts and see what Tony could’ve become. Which was exactly why he had to be so tough with them.
“Oh. Oh.” Steve blinked. “Uh. Right. Um, Bruce, you’re great, really, and I appreciate this and all but-”
“Stark the Junior.”
“Get excited about your own sex life. Unless you need help in that department?”
“Isn’t that kinda dangerous?” Steve called. “I could’ve been anybody.”
“Yes, sir,” Steve smirked.
Tony kissed his way up Steve’s neck, sucking another bruise into his flushed skin, speeding up both his hips and his hands.
So of course, when he woke the next morning, it made perfect sense that Steve felt like complete and utter shit. Silencing his alarm, he pressed the heels of his palms into his eyes before dropping his arms. He stared at the watermark on the ceiling, then rolled out of bed with a groan, no matter how tempting it was to lie down again and go back to sleep.
Coulson studied him carefully.
“Most people don’t like knowing they’re dating a certified genius,” he continued. “They say they are, then they get insecure and feel inferior and… it doesn’t end well.”
“Stark Industries,” Rhodey echoed slowly. “As in… the company I work for?”
“Yeah,” Clint nodded. “The guy deserves to know.”
Tony winced. “Do you mean touché?”
“Weird,” he muttered.
“We’re not done,” Joseph snarled, shoving Steve against the wall, trapping his arms and making it effectively impossible to get free.
“Fine,” Tony replied with a wan smile.
“Like shit. My ear hurts.” Steve swung his legs out over the side of the bed, and buried his face into Tony’s stomach. Tony hummed in sympathy.
“Fine. Then the least you can do is let me smell your second-hand smoke.”
“Wait, what?” Tony snapped.
“He left me with one guard,” Steve rolled his eyes. “One guard. That’s insulting.”
He wasn’t sure any of the rings were really Tony, but he couldn’t deny the way his heart fluttered or the excitement curling in his gut as he stared at them. The corner of his mouth twitched upwards as he pictured a ring on Tony’s finger, looking like it belonged there.
“Alright. Lead on, Ginger Rogers.”
This was one of those days.
“Foggy Nelson, pleasure to meet you, Mr Stark.”
“I’m having coffee with this guy that I really like, and I need you to tell me what to wear,” Steve blurted out.
Steve nodded and Tony lifted some onto his plate.
Jogging down the stairs, Steve let himself into the pump room and searched until he found the pressure gauge in question. He baulked when he saw how high the pressure was.
“Holy shit.”
Batroc.
Steve couldn’t find any argument to that.
“Could be more pleased,” Steve retorted, but if he was trying to sound demanding, the effect was ruined somewhat by the breathy quality that had overtaken his voice and the way his fingers were digging into his arms.
They stared at each other.
Bruce bit back the urge to growl, running his hands through his hair even though Betty always used to tell him it made his hair stick up like a bird’s nest. Well. Even more than usual. Snatching up Jessica’s notes, he flicked through them yet again even though he’d already been through them a hundred times.
“When she was done, she packed it away, into our attic so it would be safe. When my uncle, Paolo, was born six months later, she took out the quilt to add to it as was tradition. And do you know what she found?”
“Yeah, screw you, Cap,” Rumlow called over his shoulder.
Sitting on top of a filing cabinet, hidden behind a stack of files and a drinks tray covered in half or near empty bottles, he found a gold photo frame. Wiping the dust away with his thumbs, Steve shook his head as his suspicions were confirmed: Howard and a younger, thinner Obadiah Stane sat on the edge of the pool, drinks in hand, grinning at the camera. And pinned to Howard’s side by an arm around his shoulder was Tony.
“I’m working on it,” Matt shrugged.
“Hey honey,” Tony began, but he broke off with a frown when he saw the bed was empty. “Steve?”
“I’m not,” Steve confirmed. He ducked his head, feeling his cheeks colour and cursed his mother’s Irish colouring. “In fact, if you asked Arnie, he’d say the only one I’ve been pining over is you.”
“Sorry,” he interrupted Rhodey. “Need to borrow my fiancé.”
“There’s someone coming,” Tony whispered.
“No, dad didn’t think I was good enough for him,” Dr. Stark grinned. He helped Johnny out of his shirt. “My dad and I didn’t have a close relationship.”
“Good.”
“Well, see you tomorrow, I guess,” Steve called, swinging his backpack onto his shoulder.
Returning to the room, Tony called, “Pain comes and goes, huh?”
But the artist was good, Steve realised. Howard and Maria Stark looked exactly like they did in any of the photos he’d seen over the years. So it made sense that Tony would also be painted accurately. Except it didn’t, because that looked like…
It didn’t make sense. Or, rather, it made too much sense. Because the fact was, if Tony had simply “disappeared”, then why would Stane be making all those references to Tony’s lack of interest in the company? The possible only explanation was that Stane
“Okay. Have a good day, or if you can’t have a good day, have a survivable one,” Tony said, following Steve back to the elevator. “I’ll see you tonight.”
“Alright, I’m gonna have a smoke,” Stark announced and Steve’s face fell into what was known around the ER - but never to Steve’s face - as the Steve Rogers Frown of Disapproval.
“Fine,” Steve replied, walking straight into his room.
“We don’t get to choose our parents,” Steve sniffed.
“Yes? No?” he murmured, his breath raising goosebumps on Steve’s skin. He’d kissed Steve’s nipple the last time they had sex, but tonight he had plans, but only if Steve was onboard.
“That’s Obadiah Stane. Howard’s business partner.”
“Hey hone-”
Natasha stepped forward instinctively, reaching for something, anything that she could do to help, and Steve jerked back. Without looking away from Steve, Stark waved his free hand at her to stay back.
“So what are we gonna do, anyway?” Clint asked.
“Oh, hi,” Tony called.
“Not for thirteen years.”
Then Daniel sent him a message saying,
“Wow. Wish I’d known this about you before I slept with you,” Bruce muttered, shaking his head. “Look, Steve. That thesis? Purely speculative. I was a dumb kid trying to be edgy and cool. Mermaids - or mers or whatever - do not exist.”
“Okay?” Tony whispered, kissing the back of Steve’s neck.
“I think we might need a new criteria,” Steve grinned against his skin. “Because you say that all the time.”
Steve groaned, his head falling back. “No!” he exclaimed, shaking his head. “You did not just say that. Nuh uh. That is too cheesy, get out. Go on.”
Through the glass walls, he spotted Tony standing in front of a holo-display with a mug of coffee in one hand while he flicked through the display with his other hand. And on his face was a small frown that matched the one Ellie wore earlier.
“You’re kind of a dork, aren’t you?” Tony realised.
“I’m good. I’m gonna go meet Daniel. His court date got postponed so we’re getting coffee, and then I’m going out with Steph.”
“Angie’s been crushing on one of the detectives at Daniel’s precinct forever,” Steve explained.
“Hey,” Bucky called to a man glaring at them. “Looking for Nick Fury, you seen him?”
“Yes, sir.”
Cross pulled a face. “Stark’s face? Really?”
“And how do we do that?”
it, but I didn’t mean to
“What do you think?” Tony asked, leaning his arm against the back of the couch and combing his fingers through Steve’s hair.
you made it to the top of the food chain. An example to us all.”
“Since I was eleven,” Steve replied. “And it’s a surprise.”
“Absolutely,” Scott agreed.
“His face looks like he ran full speed into a wall,” Steve pointed out.
Steve chuckled. He flipped open the cap, squirting lube onto his hand, and began opening Tony up. It had been a while since he’d topped, and watching Tony writhe on his fingers was mesmerising. Steve watched, open-mouthed, his pulse speeding up and his breath hitching. He pressed an open-mouthed kiss to the inside of Tony’s thigh.
“Sadly not.”
“Yeah, maybe. Depends on the orangutang.”
“Good plan,” Tony agreed and kissed his temple. “And hey, I love you.”
“I ate a bagel,” Hope blurted out. “Earlier. I ate a bagel earlier. That’s probably why my lipstick is smudged. No other reason.”
“Can you talk to me?” Tony asked. “Just… I don’t know, tell me a story?”
“It doesn’t start but I guess it, kinda, hums?”
