She blocks his way firmly and looks him up and down. “You look awful! What’s wrong? Where’s Sherlock? Something’s happened.”
“It seems that my brother… that he was not so dead as he seemed after his fall off of the roof of St. Bart’s.” Mycroft said the words hurriedly, almost wincing.
As much as John resented Lestrade for his role in the whole affair, he had to commend the man for being honest. And Lestrade seemed to be the only who really understood him and Sherlock, had taken them at face value. The Detective Inspector began to come to John with cases, give him a little work, mainly as a medical specialist but sometimes as a consultant. John wasn’t sure if it was an act of pity or desperation on Lestrade’s part, now that his genius was gone, but it was the only kind of sympathy John could tolerate. And it kept him busy.
John does so, haltingly. Sherlock lets his mind go to the pristine laboratory he’s created inside it for this purpose, building a model of the drug atom by atom and chain by chain, a super-scaled three dimensional molecule in his head.
Shit. Sarah. John had forgotten all about her. He checked his phone – four texts. Mrs. Hudson hadn’t even been home to let her in. He cursed under his breath. “I’ll take that drink,” he told the DI, as he furiously composed a message on his phone.
Sherlock hesitates and John can practically see his brain spark with the possibility of a case, the excitement back in his eyes. But after a long pause he says. “We’re not seeing clients today, Mrs. Hudson. Tell him to come back tomorrow after noon. And lock the door on your way out if you don’t mind, thanks
“I should have thought the rule where you didn’t have your hands underneath someone else’s clothing was fairly obvious.”
The thugs have put their guard down just enough at his agreeable captive act that the one on his right is totally unprepared when Sherlock lashes out with a long leg and connects with his trick knee. He goes down instantly. Baldy reacts surprisingly quickly, pulling a knife, but Sherlock is quicker still and has decent leverage. He twists and uses the large man’s momentum against him, flipping him onto the paving stone and suffering only a minor hand laceration in the process.
“Fantastic!” Sherlock says, springing to his feet and dusting himself off as if he hasn’t just very nearly been eviscerated by a metre-long ancient Caledonian sword. “Absolutely brilliant.”
Sherlock opens his mouth to retort, but before he can say anything they hear Mrs. Hudson yelling from the kitchen.
a few you couldn't. Go ahead, be as fascinating and mysterious as you like, bring him cases and play the damsel-in-distress card and the shameless dominatrix card and the international power broker card and whatever other cards come to mind. And he might play along because, whether I like it or not, there is something about you that he cannot resist. But he'll never give you what you want, and he'll never be yours."
“Why what? Why no girls? I don’t know. Maybe I’ve been a little busy lately. Maybe you keep being so nasty to them that no woman in London will go out with John Watson. Maybe I’ve just given up!” He was annoyed at the turn this was taking.
“God, your brother might have a point about us acting like grown-ups,” John says, wiping tears of laughter from his eyes.
John returns home just a bit after midnight, and is unsurprised to see the light on in Sherlock’s room through the kitchen. He had hoped to sneak up to his room undetected, but of course Sherlock hears him.
On Sunday afternoon, they sat on the sofa as the light started to fail, John clothed and reading the paper and Sherlock still in his blue silk dressing gown and pyjama bottoms, flipping impatiently through channels, despairing of ever being allowed to do anything interesting again. John reached over and began playing with the curls on the back of Sherlock’s neck, occasionally fondling his earlobe absently. To his surprise, Sherlock made what could only be described as a wail of abject misery, switched off the telly, and sank bonelessly off the sofa and onto the floor.
Moran went to a desk at the other end of the room and removed a long knife, vaguely tribal looking. “Oh good, business and pleasure at the same time, then. Jim didn’t like to get his hands dirty, but I do – that’s what made us such a great match.”
He jumps when his brain forms it into a word at last. Morse code. John is speaking to him in Morse code. In an instant he snaps back to his body, jarringly returned to all his remaining senses. He fills his lungs with air. He can feel John’s fingers on him and can again imagine the man behind them. He can feel
Despite not being at all sure about Sherlock Holmes, John Watson follows him to a crime scene. And keeps following him, at a walk, at a run, into danger, so quickly that he soon finds he’s left his old life and his limp somewhere out there in the dark streets of London.
"All right, they're ready. Don't say anything, she's told the tech you're some kind of American bigwig, and that's why you don't want anyone to know about this. Also, be nice to her – I think she's taking one for the team."
The last time they make love, after Moriarty is acquitted but before they are drawn into the nightmare of fairy tales and destruction, Sherlock is spooned around John, in the small hours of the night. John is tired but Sherlock is insistent, needy, and John doesn't have the heart to refuse him. Later he is grateful he didn't make that mistake, that they had one last, quiet, tender moment together, even though it shatters John's heart to remember it. Sherlock is so gentle that night, worshiping John's body with his hands, memorizing it, and utterly, profoundly silent.
“Bloody hell!” The needle tracks in his arm were clear now, both old and new, the discarded syringe still on the bed next to him.
Sherlock examines them meticulously with his lens before dropping them into an evidence bag, stowing them in his pocket, and looking, if possible, more smug than before.
“I had thought we were done with mind-altering substances,” John mutters as they board the train home.
Just then Mrs. Hudson showed up, making a fuss, and Lestrade insisted on a statement from both of them. Sherlock relented, resentfully, eager to be done with the whole business. There was no time to talk more for a while. Sherlock observed the events around him but felt oddly disconnected, like he was watching the telly with the sound turned way down. A feeling of foreboding overtook him.
“And I was married to her. It seems silly saying it, but part of me believed that as long as you were different things to me, as long as I didn’t put you in that place, officially, it was okay that I always wanted you more, even when we were together. Marriage, partnership, whatever you want to call it, and then having you adopt her daughter… it just felt like a final betrayal. Like erasing her completely.”
“We must have just missed them. They weren’t kidnapped were they? They ran away together and when they thought they were going to be caught…”
and he’s back and it’s all he’s wanted for the past twelve months and now he hates him and wants him and needs him all at the same time.
“What in God’s name are you doing? It’s four in the morning and after what I’ve been through I don’t think a little sleep is too much to ask.” John was furious in the way only a man awakened prematurely after a near death experience could be.
John raises an eyebrow. Sherlock, so recently flushed with his exertions on the violin, has lost all colour and appears upset. “Everything…all right?” he asks carefully.
“Yes, mathematically selecting addresses to create a nearly perfect golden spiral. But he didn’t stop there, that’s why the ages are decreasing in such an odd way as well. They get younger by the same factor as the spiral gets smaller! The conjugate of the golden ratio! God, it’s so simple! But why?”
“Fine,” Lestrade said. “We’ll do it without your statement then. I can’t prosecute a corpse, which is what I’d have if I gave you 30 seconds alone with him at this point.”
“It was in the sink in the kitchen. She put it down there when she started feeling ill and then stumbled into the dining room. You saw how neat that house was, even as she was dying she was worried about making a mess. Plus I found traces of cyanide in the hopper of the coffee maker.”
“I’m very sorry, Mr. Holmes I just – Hang up, how did you know my name? I didn’t give it to your housekeeper.”
Reversing the route that mere hours ago had left him feeling as lost as a man in a jungle is now so simple as to require almost no thought at all. He rides the Tube the requisite five stops, hops off, enters Bart's, and hits the elevator button for the roof without even having to consider a single step of it. It's a luxury, he knows now.
They throw themselves into the case. It’s not long before another body turns up, in Greenwich. A retired social worker from Wokingham. She had been killed nearly a week previous, same strange marks on her throat, same M.O. in every way. The case had ended up in a different division and no one had thought to call Sherlock until Lestrade got wind of it.
John blocked the door. “Absolutely not. You still haven’t eaten, you look like death, and you nearly overdosed last night.”
“There was the understanding that when I got older and more successful that I would give back to future young people through the Society, and I didn’t mind at all. Not only did they give me an education, it was through Society members that I got my current job and a decent future in my career too.”
"Still, I think I did rather well considering I was pretty well sure the Taliban were about to break down our door and also there might have been vampire birds after us," John points out, wiping his eyes. "I'd like to see you do better!"
“Not this whole time,” Mycroft protested. “He only got in contact with me about a month ago. I thought  he was dead the same as you, although I certainly had some suspicions. I still don’t know how he managed it. He wouldn’t tell me, and even with my intellect I haven’t been able to puzzle it out. I think he enjoys making me struggle.”
“Maybe you should have been.” She turned to him. “Go on, ask me. I know you’ve been dying to know. Ask.”
He pulls back the slightly stale bedclothes and crawls under them, willing himself to fall asleep immediately, grateful for his ability to blank his mind out under almost any conditions. He doesn’t remember his head hitting the pillow.
John nods curtly and his fingers twitch like he's going to say something but he doesn't. He settles back in his chair and they drink their coffee in silence. John seems to relax and by the time they reach Bart's yet again he seems almost back to his usual self.
John, now devoid of all colour, waves a hand wildly at him. “No, stop, just stop.” He coughs one more time and then dashes to the desk in the corner, piled high with papers, and begins rummaging madly through the drawers. “That’s it, I am getting my gun.”
He sits on the rug in the middle of the room, panting, and tries to pull himself together. His heart is beating so fast. It is just adrenaline and exertion, or something else? No telling what the next effect will be. But he has time, he tells himself. He should have time. He quietens his breathing and slows his heart as much as possible. If John isn't back in one hour, he decides, he'll call Grant and set the police looking. But he senses that would be something of a nuclear option with whoever they are dealing with, so best not until it's clear John's not going to make it on his own.
“Well, sir, you were right about how I grew up. My mother could barely keep a roof over our heads and I never knew my father. She did what she could to get me a decent education, and always made sure I focused on my studies, but there just wasn’t enough money for University when it came time. I took a gap year to work and try to earn enough, but it was difficult. About the time I was losing hope, I met a man who said he belonged to the British Society for Ginger Advancement.”
Together they make their way up to the fourth floor, John watching their flank, tense and at the ready. Sherlock successfully navigates them past several more traps.
The only thing close to a breakthrough comes after hours – or is it days – at the lab when his most recent blood tests come back.
Sherlock’s life is different too, although there are some changes he won’t accept. He bristles at the mere suggestion from Mrs. Hudson and John that it might make more sense to take the insurance company’s offer to total 221 Baker Street for the cash than to try to repair the damage. He offers up his own funds to put everything back exactly the way it was and refuses to move out while the work is being done, kipping on a camp bed in the lab upstairs, which suffered only superficial blast damage.
He briefly considers jumping the driver at the first stop and bringing the lorry in himself, but they’ll be more alert at the first gate and he’s not sure if the security device requires some kind of activation or if it’s automatic. Better to run, then, and get them once they think they’re safe.
“It’s the whine of electronics. Very high pitched, not surprised you can’t pick it up. It’s coming from the third room on the left.”
Sherlock makes a frustrated sound and pushes up against John, but John takes his shoulders and presses him back down to the sofa, hard enough to leave a mark, refusing to give him any satisfaction until he listens.
"Bloody Camembert," he mutters. "I don't suppose anyone in the history of fancy parties has ever eaten the Camembert, yet here it is every time. I'm starting to think that there's just one wheel of it in the world that goes from party to party, getting less and less appealing as it goes."
He shakes off the memories and climbs the carved stone stairs. The Victor who greets John in the cavernous hall is subdued, shaking his hand solemnly and offering a weak but genuine smile.
Sherlock hesitates. “John, I just want you to know, while I was away, I didn’t… I mean… there was no one, and I did nothing that might…” He had stayed clean, and celibate, for John.
John obeys and feels the change immediately, the smoothing of the rough edges of his steps as they twirl and spin, tails pinwheeling behind them. He feels caught up in an enchantment, like none of this is real, like they exist alone in a private bubble and everyone else is just decoration. He suddenly feels a little lightheaded and misses a step. Sherlock pulls him a bit closer, arm like iron around him, holding him up.
John returns with a biriyani for two, and no sooner have they finished it than Sherlock’s phone rings.
He feels himself starting to spiral and grounds himself quickly. Pavement beneath his hands. The moist, acrid scent of London air after a first good spring rain. The sound of John's feet trotting towards him with urgency.
. He gives in, fully this time, pulling Sherlock to him and once more letting their bodies do the communicating for them.
MAYBE THIS MEANS YOUR BRAIN IS REWIRING ITSELF. MAYBE IT'S LEARNING HOW TO CONVERT INPUT FROM YOUR OTHER SENSES INTO VISUAL DATA. YOU'RE "SEEING" MY BODY HEAT, VIBRATIONS OF MY MOVEMENTS, MOTION OF AIR, THAT ARE TOO SMALL FOR YOU TO PICK UP AS WHAT THEY ARE, BUT YOUR SUBCONSCIOUS IS PUTTING THEM TOGETHER FOR YOU TO MAKE A PICTURE. WE ALREADY KNOW YOUR BRAIN IS PRONE TO MIXING UP SENSORY DATA.
"You're bloody well right you are!" she yells, then modulates her tone to a clipped, controlled one.  “You can tell
Without warning, Sherlock shoves John roughly into the wall, pressing himself against John. John lets it happen. He doesn’t know why, but he lets it happen. He feels Sherlock’s breath hot on his cheek as he whispers into John’s ear, “Say you’re not going to leave me.”
"It could be a tumour. I'm sure you've thought of that. It could also be an aneurysm or a blood clot. You travel. It could be a parasite or virus causing encephalitis." John adds quickly, "But you haven't had any other symptoms so I really don't think–"
“Intolerable!” Sherlock sat bolt upright. “What’s intolerable is that they stop! You’ve been teasing me for a solid week, and I’ve been trying to do as you’ve asked and wait, but really you have been too cruel.”
Whatever the case, this phone was important and there were plenty of ways the information in it could be used, particularly if he met Moran. To get Sherlock back, for one thing, assuming it was Moran that had him. That was all John cared about at this point – he could worry about proving Sherlock wasn’t a fraud and about his own safety later, but right now he needed to know Sherlock was alive.
John shifts until he’s comfortable, feeling the gentle rise and fall of Sherlock’s breast beneath him. Sherlock seems to have come to terms with John’s upcoming trip – or perhaps he’s just deleted it again. John wouldn’t put it past him.
Sherlock frowned. “I would have thought I’d be doing you a favor. Easier for you if I just wither away on my own.”
Sherlock waves the comment away. “Simple chemical reaction, completely harmless. No reason for barricading yourself on another floor.”
John continues. “To be honest, I’m not sure what made me angrier. That you thought it was perfectly fine to make such an enormous, permanent decision for all our lives without mentioning it to me, without asking… or that you didn’t even consider it to
“Not quite. About six years ago he was hauled in to jail for disorderly conduct and drug possession by a newly minted Detective Inspector.”
“I couldn’t see!” Sherlock snaps. “I got there and everything was dark and flat and I couldn’t make out a single useful thing. Like a very old black and white photograph. All blurry and dark and running together.”
“He strives to be better without ever pretending he's something he isn't. And while he could turn criminal so easily, so quickly, he knows it and he never will. No one can take anything away from him or leave any stain on him. What you see as a kind of virginity, a naïveté, stems from the simple fact that what Sherlock Holmes is, is the one and only incorruptible human being I've ever met. Even if human isn't always the first descriptor you'd apply. And if you don't understand that about him, you've got even less of a chance than I thought."
Sherlock shakes his head, frustrated. “Not literally…not exactly. It was just…wrong. Now it’s fine, everything looks normal, you’re glowing like you should be.”
why he invited you here, isn’t it? One day you will have to tell me about your childhood…it must have been so carefree.”
“Four days, Sherlock, she’s only been sixteen for four days!” John’s voice is rising now, moving from agitated to almost panicked. He starts pacing in a tight radius around Sherlock’s lab bench, running his hand anxiously through his silver-streaked hair. Sherlock watches him with undisguised fascination.
It is a dark year. He contemplates suicide often, but that would negate everything he had with Sherlock, even as he is furious at him for taking that option, even after he finds out why he did so. Still, more than once, he finds himself holding his sidearm in the dark, longing for the release it offers.
No, that's wrong. There's no war. John is being influenced by the drug. Sherlock concentrates with difficulty. "You were explaining to me about myelin."
“Now!” He ended the call. Had Moriarty left the phone at her apartment while he was pretending to date her, or had he planted it after their encounter at the pool? Did it matter? His point was clear. Molly was yet another trophy waiting to be collected. Just like the others. Just like John. Just like Sherlock, ultimately.  Moriarty would know by now that he had found the phone, he’d be a fool if he hadn’t set it to signal him when it was activated, but hoped that his precautions would be enough to keep Moriarty from knowing where Molly was meeting him. Her flat was certainly bugged, but he was gambling that there wasn’t outside surveillance on her home.  Nothing to be done if there was, anyway.
"You'll think of something." Sherlock gives him a salacious wink and one of his irresistible grins, and gets out of the car.
Sherlock relents slightly, but continue with his aggressive pursuit, and John isn’t going to protest. He pushes back, hands at Sherlock hips, teeth on Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock efficiently gets John’s trousers undone and has a hand inside them almost before John can notice.
SHERLOCK, he says and it’s tender and sensuous and mournful, completely at odds with his physical actions yet somehow both make sense together. MY NIGHTMARE. DON’T EVER MAKE ME WAKE UP.
Sherlock nods curtly, as if the effort has exhausted his ability to speak for awhile. Both fall silent. John closes his eyes, enjoying the feeling of Sherlock breathing against him.
Sherlock irritably grabbed the cup and the toast, and took a swig and a bite. “Ugh. Strawberry,” he threw the piece of toast across the room where it stuck to the wall for a moment before sliding down to the floor, leaving a red streak on the wallpaper. “And is there actually any tea
“He’s outside. He could get anywhere in these woods, and in rain this heavy the footprints won’t last. We have to follow him now!”
John goes a little cold inside. "Right," he says, and bangs down the stairway into her flat, grabbing the phone from the table with more force than necessary.
Nine days after the murder of the woman the Yard calls them out on another murder, in a completely different part of town. A man this time, stabbed violently in an alley near his home. John hopes this one will be solvable, and interesting enough to make Sherlock let the other case go.
Hanna purses her lips and shifts, crossing her legs. “Unfortunately, that is not the case for myself.”
Sherlock turns around, angry that John is making him do this. “Because,” he hisses, “people die in hospital. You could have died. I couldn’t… I couldn’t look at you there and think…” He can’t finish the sentence, can’t look at John, is livid that this admission has been drawn out of him. “Is that what you wanted to hear?” he spits.
"You promised," John cuts him off bitterly. "That you would never shut me out again. That you would try to remember what your death would do to me. And that if you really, truly had to jump, that you would let me jump with you. Or don't you remember? You made so few promises. And as with everything, you were
He runs to Sherlock, thinking if he can get there fast enough it won’t be true. A bicyclist comes out of nowhere, knocking him down with enough force to slam his head on the pavement and make him lose consciousness, just for a second. It doesn’t matter. He scrambles to his feet, stumbling almost blindly through the crowd that has inexplicably materialised around Sherlock and pushes through. “Let me through. He’s my friend,” he cries, as if the assertion could bring him back.
, whether or not I give you a better reason. No, Sherlock didn’t put me up to this. I have concerns as a doctor to the long term effects on myself and anyone else who’s been exposed. Well, you’ll excuse me if I don’t entirely trust the word of the chaps at Mad Scientist, Inc. Like hell it has. Goddammit, Mycroft, I have never asked you for a single fucking thing, so just get me the bloody drug, shut up, and trust me! Fine. Fine. Fine! I’ll sign whatever you like. No, today. It’s Dartmoor, not the moon. Fine. Pleasure. Bye.”
John shifts awkwardly in the long silence that follows. “Well, now I just have to figure out how to get to Inverness without anyone who might be watching noticing I’ve left here."
Sherlock sniffs. “Not this healthy. Spelt and tofu? Does that even qualify as food?” he asks in a new, posh accent.
John finds that he does not mind. He has not broken down again, not since the morgue. He’s been in a fugue and now that he’s coming out of it he doesn’t think he’s capable of crying again, though he knows it would be healthier if he could. But if he started he might never stop again. Victor’s tears stand in proxy for the ones he should be shedding, and he allows himself to pat the younger man on the back comfortingly while it runs its course.
“I’m sorry, John. Truly.” And he was, Sherlock realised. Usually when he apologised for something it was out of adherence to what seemed to be expected of him, or a desire for someone to stop being mad him. But now he realized he deeply regretted the hurt he had caused John. It had hurt him too, being away, unable to tell John the truth. He hadn’t realized how much until now.
When the police finally track down the ostensible murderer, to a natural foods shop in Islington, Sherlock and John go in to talk to him. Lestrade and his officers wait impatiently down the street, ready to apprehend their suspect, but John has a feeling they are going to be disappointed.
John looked at him incredulously. “Are you serious? We have the phone full of incriminating evidence about Moran and all Moriarty’s other accomplices, as well as the
Sherlock shakes his head, stopping and looking solemnly at him. "John, I learned a lot of things while I was away," he says in a low voice. "Many of them were terrible. And while I will never be what you could call a sociable person, I have learned to... appreciate the things I have. Lest I lose them."
“Sherlock. Sherlock!” John hisses through the doorway to Sherlock’s laboratory. The man in question fails to so much as twitch in response, so John tries again, this time crossing the room and putting his face no more than twelve inches from his husband’s. “
Victor grimaces. "So you think if I'd been Victor Smith with the brown hair you'd have taken no notice, just passed me by?"
Sherlock looks even more troubled at this development. He’s quite used to being the one at fault for relational misunderstanding. This is uncharted territory.
Sherlock moves his hand down to brush the side of John's face, but John slaps it away with astonishing speed.
Victor is horrified and empathetic, but John can't bring himself to accept Victor's assurances of his own blamelessness. Comforting words wash over him like white noise, and he extricates himself as quickly as possible. He refuses the offer of a car all the way back to London, opting for the train, and bids Victor goodbye with a warning not share the information he's learned with anyone.
John takes a moment to compose himself, then kneels beside his friend, putting a hand on his shoulder. Sherlock will not look at him. “I can’t,” he says. “I’m sorry, but this…this is wrong.” He permits himself the momentary indulgence of stroking Sherlock’s curls, now slicked to his head with sweat. “Please, just let me help you now. Please, Sherlock.” He is almost begging but he doesn’t care.
He left out mention of last night’s events. Mycroft didn’t need to know. A moment later a reply came.
“I…I don’t know… I heard ringing but it wasn’t my mobile. I found this one behind some books in my flat. It’s not mine, I don’t know where it came from. Someone must have left it here. Is something wrong? Something’s wrong I know it.” She was tense, babbling as she always did when afraid.
John releases him after a moment and looks down into his face fondly. “Nightmare. Absolute fucking nightmare.”
“But you do, don’t you Mr. Božić? You keep meticulous records, I’m sure. Mr. Moran is becoming concerned, what with all the… turnover… that they might fall into the wrong hands. I am to keep them safe for you.”
John grumbles but realises he also hasn’t eaten since breakfast and slowly gets up and collects himself to go out. “I thought you didn’t eat while you were working.”
John begins to blush furiously whenever he sees Mrs. Hudson, though Sherlock is completely unabashed. On the way to a case, John is unable to avoid her in the corridor, and she gives him a look that he swears will kill his libido for at least a week. “Ah, Mrs. Hudson, hi, sorry about all the…um, well, sorry,” he finishes lamely. Sherlock is tapping is foot impatiently outside.
John’s hands clench at his sides and he can feel them all taking a mental step back. They’ve seen him go off, and not even Jackson, who is easily twice his size, wants to be on the receiving end of that.
"Um, yeah. Sure, of course.” John tries to sound normal, then wonders why he has to try. He gets up and goes to put his bowl in the sink, still full.
John steps closer to Sherlock, his previous task forgotten, and puts his arms loosely around his friend’s waist. Sherlock relaxes at his touch.
“I don’t think you’re crazy,” John tells him. “Well, at least not about this.  But you have to admit it’s not usual. The light dims the further you get from me… and when you were at a crime scene without me it was like a…blurry dark photo, yes?”
“As appealing as that sounds... I need to make sure that every bit of Moriarty’s legacy is gone. What if someone else like Moran decides to try and grab power? The police won’t do enough, they won’t get at the inner structure. I need to use what’s on this phone to get them to destroy themselves, to make absolutely sure that not a shred of it survives, that the kill order can never be revived, that no one is left who even remembers our names.” Sherlock’s voice was firm. “I am not doing this again, I have to finish it this time.”
He takes a step forward, intending to follow Sherlock’s path. He hears a click and instinctively dives to the floor as something zooms just above his head and sticks in the opposing wall. Crossbow, mounted out of sight. Jesus, the whole place was probably rigged – that was the kind of mind they were dealing with.
John lifts his head, instantly in doctor mode. “What, you mean literally? Can you see okay right now? What colour is the chair by the fire?”
“All right. Well, his clothes and shoes are good quality; I suppose that’s how you got his income bracket. Raised in poverty though…?”
“I’m famished,” Sherlock continues. “What do you say? Angelo’s? Kebab? We could wake up Mrs. Hudson.”
Instead of an immediate reply as he expects, suddenly bare arms are thrown around his torso. He feels the stubble of a cheek against his, hot breath on one of his useless ears. John is holding him very tightly, and John is trembling although he seems to be trying not show it. Sherlock feels John’s fingers on the nape of his neck, tapping again, fast but lightly, like a whisper.
Sherlock composes himself, gets up, and leaves without another word, touching John softly on the shoulder as he goes, all he is able to give at the moment. John has never wanted to run after him and wrap him up in his arms so badly. He physically aches for him, to take him to bed, to comfort him. But it wouldn’t work. Sherlock needs it to be like this, for now. And John has absolute faith that Sherlock will prevail, believes with all his heart that Moriarty will be defeated and that Sherlock will come back to him, fully. They need each other too much to stay away.
Sherlock lets out a long breath. “I’ve been different since I was a child, in many, many ways. As you can imagine. But as I got older I realised one of the ways that I was different was…this. It didn’t seem to matter, really, it wasn’t like I interacted much with the other boys at school anyway, and I was already interested in deduction and science and that took up most of my energy. But my family was…fairly traditionally minded, and it wouldn’t have gone well if I displayed such an interest openly, although I’m pretty sure my proclivities had been well-guessed by at least my mother and brother.”
“You haven’t eaten in days, you barely speak, you won’t take cases, and you drove off my last date so viciously I’ll be surprised if it doesn’t end up in the papers. You grumble when I go out but refuse to acknowledge me when I’m here, other than to silently stalk me through the halls of the flat! You haven’t got a pound to lose, either. If you don’t start taking care of yourself I’m going to have do something about it. Don’t think I’m joking.”
Sherlock’s heart soared directly back into its rightful place and his stomach returned to his body the second those words had escaped John s lips.
“Yes, sure that sounds good” Sherlock said back trying not to over think the request of music when factoring all other aspects of the night. No, he thought quickly, music is just music tonight it had no meaning or ulterior motive.
“Oh okay” Sherlock responds obviously ignoring the tone John had taken to sound fine. John didn’t want to dwell on this topic so he decided to retire to the sitting room and lounge of the couch maybe watch some telly or read, he’d like to read.
They sat across each other at the table Sherlock closer to the sink and John the entrance in the hall, the options spread out in front of them, music playing in the background and the candles flickering pleasantly between them. They talked of everything and nothing as they did sometimes, the room was so welcoming to conversation that Sherlock had to ensure that inner feelings didn’t make their way out of his mouth. John talked of the practice and the patients that came through the doors every day, talked of breaks and sprains and one girl who vomited all over the floor just narrowly missing his shoes, he talked of the last month of maladies and Sherlock found himself content with saying nothing and just letting John talk as much as he wanted to. Letting him eat and drink and jokingly complain about the lack of milk and Sherlock kept having to restrain himself from reaching out and taking Johns hand through the meal. He wanted a slight bit of contact, he thought that would make the night perfect just a slight graze between stories and shared eye contact to make the night. Of course Sherlock was to weary of rejection to make that move so he stayed put listening to John and just enjoying how the night had turned out better than he could have thought.
Johns words turn to sobs, its apparent he never stopped crying but as the sobs wracked his body Mycroft can tell that he's held quite a lot back in the time since his brother's untimely passing.
“I’ll never forgive myself for not allowing you the life you deserved, the life I could have given you.”
Too long, this was taking too long he should have been there by now each second is more dire than the last. Each minute passing sends him closer and closer to incapacitating levels of worry for the safety, the life of his younger brother.
Sherlock is crying with abandon now, burning tears leaving stains down his cheeks and neck. John is staring at him no masks up no defenses just pure love, pure honesty in his words and Sherlock feels that the truth might kill him before the bullets do. His breath catches as he thinks that and the tears flow faster and hotter than before when he fully realizes that he’s about to die that the life John had imagined for them won’t be something they get to experience.
John shudders at the thought of having to face Greg and Molly right now the pit in his stomach sinking further as he imagines the pain on their faces masked only slightly by the pity they feel for him. He’s not prepared for this at all but he knows he’ll never be. Never be able to fully accept this new reality of his life the one he had always dreamed about being shown to him before the universe immediately snatched it away.
John came back after a couple minutes and some very odd upbeat pop rhythm was playing from the stereo, “ I know, I know,” John said making his way around the kitchen, it amazed Sherlock that after being back for only two weeks and after two years out of the flat and another month and a half that John still had the entire layout memorized, for him that was normal of course he felt so comfortable but he had though John would have swapped that information for that of the flat he had in those two years and then again switched for the felt he had with Mary but he moved as though he never left so sure in his ways. “ it’s a terrible song but I put it on shuffle so I have no control over what comes up next and I have no clue what songs are in the queue.” John finished. Sherlock couldn’t help but smile again at his train of thought and that John knew to try and justify the awful music.
John hadn’t thought the night could have turned out any better. Between the nervous Sherlock- which was always a treat because he almost never got to see that-, to the table being clean and set with those damn candles, to the music that made Sherlock smile as he hummed along to it, the food being delicious and the fact that Sherlock just kept listening all night to his stories and finally the touch under the table. John had thought for a second that in that moment he would have been found out, all the unintentional stares at Sherlock’s mouth all night to the breath he took in when their hands touched for the fleeting second they did so, the goofy smile that kept playing at Johns mouth the kind he couldn’t seem to get rid of when Sherlock acted out of character and did something sweet. He was so sure that Sherlock was going to deduce the hell out of him, discover how John really felt and then call him out on it. His heart clenched again at the thought, he couldn’t handle losing Sherlock again not when it would have been his own fault this time, but damn when his foot connected with Sherlock’s at dinner he was momentarily petrified at the thought of being asked about it or worse being asked to leave for thinking that there was even possibly something there. He had looked at Sherlock instantaneously when it happened to gage his reaction, then his toe switched- still touching Sherlock’s foot- and his heart sunk thinking that was it, he tried to play it off with a sly smile acting like it was an accident but when Sherlock didn’t move his foot or comment on it John got a little more confident and tried the stroke of his toe again. In that moment John saw something in Sherlock’s eyes that said he was not only thinking but also playing out a scene in his head he decided that a distracted Sherlock was probably not a bad thing, thinking that he was imagining a part if the case as he often did in the middle of an activity or conversation John continued with the movement. Moments later as John was looking down at his plate that smile- that he was sure could see right through- still on his face, he heard Sherlock exhale in a long breath and add his own toe to the mix. John was dumbfounded, he had never expected Sherlock to join in, but here he was the movements were a little jerky and unsure but the touch and the fact that Sherlock was at least open to the idea of playing footie’s was a damn miracle to John. He had spent so much time thinking about trying something like this, he had had so many opportunities, their feet were always so close when they sat in their chairs and on the couch it would have been easy enough to try it in the back of a taxi as they had begun sitting close together but each time he worried only about the consequences if he did attempt the contact.
At the end of his life Sherlock feels only love and hurt in his head, only pain, cold, and burning stretches where John is pressed against him in his body, only John in his heart. As his eyes slide closed for the last time and as he fades from this plane to the next the last thing he feels is John’s hand moving gently on his cheek, John’s lips on his forehead, and John’s tears on his skin.
“John if the universe was at all fair we wouldn't be here right now… DI Greg Lestrade and Dr. Molly Hooper will be here momentarily to take care of the scene. I wouldn't have let anyone else do this job John, ethics be damned.”
“It’s not that –“John said quickly hoping not to offend Sherlock, “just I never though you put it to use I mean you haven’t ever in the past…” John tapered off a little at the end, unsure of where he was going after that sentence.
“I’m nothing without him Mycroft, that was proved to me years ago how do I just keep going now we could have had a life together we should have been given that chance!”
“Sherlock we could have loved each other like no one has ever loved another person, we could have stayed in bed all day discovering each other in every way that matters and all the ways that don't. I would have worshipped every inch of your body as though it was the most divine connection to god. Mrs. Hudson would have been so happy,” John chokes on a laugh at the thought of their landlady finding out about them being together. “We could have grown old in each others arms, me grumpy as all get up you as prickly as always, our perfect selves with the other forever by our side.
“Huh?” Sherlock looked up at John from his chair in the living room with confusion on his face. He had been deep in thought over a case they were working on and couldn’t be bothered to stay in tune with the world as it moved on around him.
“John I love you more than anything, always have,always will, please, tell me about our life together please tell me about all that you wanted from it, give me happy thoughts happy memories.”
“Okay Sherlock this isn't looking great but I can get you stabilized enough to keep you not only alive but awake to.” as he speaks he beings removing his belt from its loops and taking his jacket off he looped the belt around Sherlock's leg and tightened it trying his hardest not to stop when Sherlock screams from the pressure, gritting his teeth he tells them both that this is the only way. Setting the jacket under his leg to try to stop the bleeding caused by gravity from the exit wound. He had seen injuries similar back in Afghanistan and knew that time was of the essence.
The floor board creaked, ninth from the left door frame support, meaning John was able to see into the kitchen now. Sherlock’s breath wouldn’t come, still turned into the counter; he was unable to gage how John felt about the table because he couldn’t see his face. A red came to his face at the preposterous notion that he had thought it was a good idea to set the table. God he could be so stupid sometimes, he thought as worry plagued this thoughts.
He never wanted to admit that his life would extend past Sherlock's but as fate would have it that reality is forming in front of him rapidly and he can do nothing to stop it or impede its momentum.
Sherlock looked at him shaking his head “ya that sounds great” he responded, and John felt himself relax a little.
The hour went by as Sherlock had expected, slowly, the case was at a dead stop while test were being run on the composition of the dirt particles found under the victims fingernails and the mulling over he had been doing before John left had led nowhere. He sat in his chair for a good thirty minutes during this time alone thinking about John and what made him happy. He knew that slight domesticity made him smile and that Sherlock making an effort was always nice, so Sherlock decided to set the table for their dinner, of course this would require the cleaning up of his current experiment but it was yielding poor results so he wasn’t too unhappy about trashing it. He made quick work of cleaning the apparatus on the wood table, turning off the Bunsen burner and removing the NaOH from the burette that was set up for the titration he had planned on doing. Putting all of this away and thoroughly cleaning the table and all surrounding surfaces for lingering contaminants Sherlock laid out placemats and cutlery, glass and condiments setting them all in proper format as he had been taught for so long to do when expecting a dinner guest. Stepping back to survey his work Sherlock knew the table was missing something it looked to empty, so he decided upon candles- two equidistant from each other in the relative centre of the table. he was very pleased with himself as he looked at his work and decided to light the candles closer to when John got home so to minimize the possible wax drips that would undoubtedly end up on the table. Sherlock looked down at his wrist to survey the time, 9:02 John was expected home in 15 minutes give or take 3 minutes depending on the size of the purchase form the restaurant he was carrying.
John, used to this behaviour, simply stated again that it was past eight and he knew that Sherlock hadn’t eaten all day, and that he was going down to the Indian restaurant a couple blocks down for some curry and wanted to know what Sherlock wanted as well.
“Sherlock what is i-” Johns words die in his throat as peers over Sherlock's body once he reaches him. The fabric of his pant leg is ripped Sherlock’s face greying with shock and fear, blood flowing viciously from a ripped area of flesh far to large to have been caused by anything than a bullet tearing through his leg and a large bullet at that. “Sherlock, hey hey look at me okay this is fixable okay I can fix this enough to get you to a hospital but you need to stay focused okay? Can you do that for me?”
After changing from is sweater and dark jeans into a t-shirt from his army days and a pair of lighter weight jeans he went back down to the main level of the flat to find Sherlock standing at the sink washing dishes, John stopped walking and stared for a moment, it was one thing that Sherlock was cleaning up twice in one night, it was another thing all together to see that he had removed his suit jacket and rolled the sleeves of his crisp white shirt up past the elbows, suds clung all down his arms and despite being rolled so high his cuffs were wet. For reasons John won’t ever understand Sherlock looked so damn good like that. Slender hips pressed lightly to the counter, feet slightly apart, mop of curls bouncing slightly as he scrubbed at the dishes, the toned muscle of his back visible through his dress shirt, arms strong yet thin flexing against the tight shirt. John wanted nothing more than to walk up behind that man and wrap his arms around a waist thin enough he was sure he would end up hugging his own arms as well and breathing in the smell of him- something he imagines to be like chemicals aftershave and shampoo- and then to turn Sherlock around and look into those blue eyes, the eyes that hold so much pain and so many secrets yet are closed off to everyone, everyone but John- he’s had the privilege to see Sherlock for who he really is on one chance occasion- and kiss him reaching up on his tip toes so not to strain either’s neck, to push him lightly into the counter for balance and to bury his fingers deep in the curls that are so very Sherlock, to run his hands down his back tracing the vertebrate there, to roam around his chest with his fingers and feel what he can through the shirt to have Sherlock press his sopping hands all over his hair and face and have him leave wet hand prints all over the t-shirt. He wanted to whisper to Sherlock mouths but millimetres from each other all the things he should have said before the fall and then all that’s come after the fifth of November in that train car and have Sherlock whisper the same back to him so that he knows he’s not alone in this minefield that is the love he feels for his flatmate.
If possible Sherlock’s heart fell further into his stomach which in turn seemed to be dropped from his body and replaced with his heart. Of course John thinks it’s too much that I’m a strange, annoying, clingy sociopath who thinks there is something between us, desperately wants there to be something between us.
The next eighteen minutes passed fast enough that Sherlock didn’t mind that John took those extra minutes to get back, turns out he had tried to get a cab which if done successfully would have decreased his trip home by eleven minutes but John is horrible at hailing a cab so it ended up taking him longer than walking would have to get back to the flat. When Sherlock heard the cab stop at the front of the flat he lit both candles and waited on edge for John to make his way up to 221B. The thing that worried Sherlock most was the past he had with John when they went out for dinner together. John's insistence that they weren’t a coupe was always a small pin prick to his heart. Each time they went out there was a voice in the back of Sherlock’s head, sounding quite a bit like Mycroft, that fed him doubts about John's feelings towards him and each time those words left John's lips the voice got a but louder filling his head with unwanted words about how foolish he was to think that John could think of him as anything but a friend. This had changed in recent history, John had moved back into the flat with Sherlock and with Mary out of the picture it seemed that John was more open to a higher level of intimacy in their relationship. He would sit in the centre seat if the cabs they shared instead of the opposite end on the bench and the fleeting glances and touches they had shared for so long had become more frequent and would last longer now than they had before. John would sit beside Sherlock on the couch during a case or a quite Sunday and on more than one occasion would fall asleep and end up with his head resting on Sherlock’s shoulder, the moments when this happened were always ones when Sherlock would stop whatever he was doing to categorize what was happening, the way John's lips parted slightly and the soft breaths that escaped them the gentle tickle of his hair on Sherlock’s arm when he was in a t-shirt John's eyes and how they would flicker about under his eyelids the smell of him and the soft touch of his jumpers. Sherlock had a whole folder dedicated to John in his mind palace, no folder is right it’s not big enough, he had so much of John in there a wing of his mind palace was better more fitting to the amount of knowledge had about John up there.
“I didn’t think it was possible for you to ever clean up from one of your experiments until something became a biohazard, let alone set such a beautiful table!” John exclaimed.
“Nothing really, nothing important at least.” John replies hoping to sound noncommittal but probably falling far short of that.
“Oh ya sorry ‘bout that must have slipped my mind” he said back a little sheepishly. He felt better when John only laughed at him a little, knowing that John wasn’t mad at him made things better. He didn’t enjoy it when he made John mad.
Breathing has become so difficult so painful he wants to stop stop so the pain goes away, stop so his heart doesn't break more at the lost opportunity of his life. He never thought he’d been so scared to die, so upset at the moments before his time was up. He could feel it now, a life lived in the as well as it could have been coming to a close. The world around him getting foggy, blurring out of focus until all that's left is John, it’s always just been John.
John isn't quite sure if his words are making any sense but he feels he must say something so he whispers sweet nothings into Sherlock's face he presses words of love onto his skin hoping they settle into his body marking him with a love he deserved to have felt for years.
When John sees Sherlock crouched down he assumes he’s found some sort of evidence that will help them with the case. He calls out as he approaches “Don’t get mad but he seems to have gotten the drop on me.”
By the time Mycroft arrived under the bridge where they had tracked John’s cell phone to he knew he was too late. The world felt off kilter, like it had just lost one of its more important occupants, the air felt charged with emotions he didn't dare put a name to because everything was fine until he had visual proof. The auditory proof should have been enough but Mycroft knew his mind was being clouded by sentiment. Stepping into the open space he could see John’s outline could see that he was gently rocking back and forth as though trying to soothe a baby or someone in pain. An army doctor never forgets his training. As he got closer the sounds began to make more sense and even before he could properly see around the hunched figure he knew. John’s murmuring turned into quietted words of love, of comfort, of peaceful imagery of what could have been. His preparation could do nothing to help his reaction to seeing his brother lying dead in John’s arms, blood having stained nearly all of his torso, left leg mangled beyond hope. Despite the look of his body his baby brothers face looked peaceful, serene even his hair was brushed back from his closed eyes his face still and soft. If Mycroft didn't know any better he’d think Sherlock was sleeping.
He steadies himself for a moment preparing at least for his immediate future and thinks ‘Once more unto the breach, dear friends, once more’.
“Are you alright there Sherlock” John started from the living room still taking off his coat and shoes before he made his way into the kitchen. “You seemed a little shocked by my return. Did I interrupt some tangent thought you were having that was sure to break the case wide open?” John asked still not having made his way to the kitchen. Sherlock couldn’t figure why he hadn’t yet, it took John at the most one minute and 47 seconds to remove his outer layers and the man hadn’t started upstairs to change as his voice was still coming from the living room.
“If you want we can turn on some music and I’ll pour the drinks?” John asked. Having moved into the kitchen as the conversation progressed he was now between the sink and the door.
Sherlock not really knowing what to do followed John into the room and sat on the couch as well, slightly farther than normal John noted unhappily.
together on the couch. It took a little time for Sherlock to relax a bit on the couch. They were about 20% of the way though the movie when Sherlock connected their shoulders by leaning back into John. Both the men had to remind themselves that they had done this before and that it wasn’t new but for some reason that feeling of uncertainty was back, both concerned that the other would flip at the smallest thing and interrogate the other. After a little more time had passed and they were getting into the really good parts of the movie John lifted his hand to scratch at his nose and when putting in back down let it fall much closer to Sherlock’s than it had been before, in fact so close that if he wanted to a small shift in the placement of his bum on the couch would slide their hands next to each other and result in them touching. John decided that that was a risk he was willing to take and shifted the smallest amount barely two centimeters and felt skin under his fingers and palm. The jolt he felt in his very bones was enough to make anyone weak, pure electricity was flowing from their skin sending it from John to Sherlock and back around again. John felt Sherlock tense beside him and worried that he’d messed up big time. Neither spoke, neither moved, each needed the other to relax into the touch first but they didn’t know how the other would react if they did so. John, after a couple seconds which felt more like hours, shifted his fingers away from Sherlock’s hand and the two settled back into the movie wanting to go back to the touch but fearing the repercussions if they did.
“Sherlock, Sherlock hey look at me okay don't look down look here right in my eyes, Mycroft knows he’ll be here any minute we just have to hold on until then.”
“Its fine really, better than some of the music you’ve put on in the past.” Sherlock smirked back at him looking down at John with what he hoped was well concealed affection; he didn’t want his unrequited feelings to ruin the night. John only laughed back at him from the spot at the sink filling up the glasses with cold water for their dinner, then thought better and grabbed two more glasses to fill with milk so they wouldn’t scorch their tongues on the spicy food. Walking to the fridge John started to hum along to the music, the song hadn’t switched yet so it was quite the strange scene, John didn’t usually hum or sing to the pop hits or what passes as a hit today, he was more for the music of this childhood and adolescence and at times he would get really into the music, forgetting that Sherlock was there and outright belting with some of the songs. Sherlock loved when he did that, he was given a glimpse into a John before the war and the bullet and the lying wife and all the stress the last decade or so had been full of a look at a happier John.
“ The experiment was a bust so there was no point in keeping it going if it was never going to result how I wanted it to.” Sherlock said calmly-turning his head around to see John - as though his entire body had been on edge for the better part of 10 minutes. “And growing up like I did, you didn’t expect me to have taken basic etiquette classes?” Sherlock inquired
Sherlock chokes out quiet sobs, he’s waited years to hear those words, lifetimes it feels to know he’s loved by John and to hear it now when there's no chance for them to live any type of happily ever after had to be the cruelest joke the universe has ever played on him.
“He loved me, he said so and now what am I supposed to do, how am I supposed to keep going after this. It nearly killed me the first time after his fall bu- but this time how do I-”
“John,” Mycroft hates the emotion that is so evident in his voice, the time for emotions is later, maybe never, the Holmes’ have always been quite good at never dealing with their feelings. “John it's time to let go, please let me see my brother.” John stops his stroking of Sherlock's head and moves back as Mycroft kneels down, Sherlock's head so heavy in his open palm he wonders how John was able to keep it still for so long. Together they hold him the man they both loved, two types of love Sherlock never really knew he had.
“uh-uh ya I was just… deep in thought that’s all” John curses himself for the stumble, Sherlock picks up on everything there was little chance he was going to get away with that one.
His biggest mistake was not checking Sherlock over properly to begin with. Looking up his heart sinks, instead of seeming more alert and less pale Sherlock had sunk further into a stupor- not close enough to unconscious to truly send John into a panic but closer than he wants him to be. His heart begins to pound in his chest cataloging the injuries the field technique of his makeshift tourniquet, and the blood loss since its application.
John looked at him for a moment longer eyes lingering a little on the lower half of Sherlock’s face, because of this Sherlock had half the mind to go check if he had something on this cheek from cleaning up the mess. Instead Sherlock went towards to grab the other bag from John s hands, grazing his skin a small bit in the process and the touch sent jolts through his body head to toe and he hoped to a god he doesn’t believe in that it didn’t show on his face. The level of touching may have increased since John moved back in but that didn’t stop it from being amazing each time it happened. Sherlock realized he was standing a little too close for a little too long to be grabbing a bag of food, snapping back to reality he looked at John quickly before turning away with the food, the redness returning to his cheeks. He couldn’t be certain in his embarrassment but he though John had been looking at his lower face again, he really wanted to see what was on his face so that he didn’t look unkempt for this dinner. But he knew that going to the washroom to check would seem a bit strange so he did nothing, he wouldn’t admit it but he liked the feeling it brought to his stomach and chest when John was staring at him even if it was for a mess on his cheek.
When Sherlock heard the key turn in the door below he jumped a little suddenly doubting all that he had done because, what if John got the right idea or thought Sherlock a fool for interpreting his friendliness for anything other than that, what if he left again, Oh! Sherlock though, what have I done I’ve ruined it all! Sherlock was pacing a little, feeling as though his heart had moved strangely south and that his stomach had been shoved away as a result, as John climbed the last few steps to the flat, but stilled the instant John entered the room. He stood in the doorway obviously a little confused as to why Sherlock had immediately stopped when he had opened the door, but Sherlock only walked forward to grab one of the bags of food before John could say anything. Walking quickly into the kitchen Sherlock panicked about the reaction John would have at the sight of the table and while facing away from the entrance John was going to come though he began to unpack the takeaway.
Okay so this is the other chapter I was able to write its a little shorter than the one before and has a little hat tip to a movie I watched in English class. I wasn't sure really how to end this chapter so i feel like it ends a bit suddenly but please tell me what you guys think. Hope you enjoy!
“John,” he starts praying his voice won't give up on him just yet, “from the day you walked into the lab at Bart's I was hooked, having your eyes on me was better than any high any drug could ever provide for me, Mike knew it, everyone did. From that first case I scarcely let myself imagine what our life could be if I took a leap of faith, trusted what my deductions gave as proof, allowed myself the terrifying possibility of getting hurt because what if it all worked out. But I never did, like you said to much of an idiot to do it. Its something I’ll never forgive myself for not in this life, not in the next not in any of them.” His voice had become hoarse airy and he’s struggling to breathe by the end of his confession but the look of pure adoration on John's face makes it worth it.
Sherlock nods weakly not breaking eye contact with John, he begins to recite chemical formulas. John snaps into action,dialling Mycroft's number and letting the call sit there knowing he’ll be able to find them, assessing the wound the rate of blood flow and carefully checking for an exit wound, his heart sinks when he sees blood seeping from another hole at the back of his leg the mangled flesh even worse than the wound at the bullets entrance.
“Oh no nothing like that, the dirt samples haven’t been analyzed yet so the case is at a stand still for the time being” Sherlock stated hopefully not showing his nervousness in his voice. Desperately wishing he hadn’t gone so far to make the table look like it was set for a date and not a dinner between two platonic friends which it should have been to not but John off.
Sherlock was about to interject with a story similar to the one John was talking about when he felt Johns foot touch his under the table. For a moment neither moved each judging the others reaction when Johns toe moved the slightest bit and a small smile creep to his face similar to the one he had earlier in the night after seeing that Sherlock had set up the kitchen so. Sherlock had an overwhelming want to stand and walk around the table to Johns side and kiss him, kiss him for coming back and being his again, kiss him for getting dinner and not freaking out at the display of domesticity that waited his return, to kiss him for his awful musical taste and for all the years he had been here for Sherlock, to thread his fingers into Johns short blonde hair speckled with grey after such a trying two years to stand him up and wrap his arms around Johns waist and back and neck and to breathe him in and memorize the feel of Johns lips and the taste of him after Indian food. That smile could ruin Sherlock if John wanted it to, the tiniest hint of teeth below his lips, which turned up on one side more than the other. It was encapsulating. Sherlock let out a breathe he didn’t know he’d taken let alone held for a good minute, coming back down to the present he felt Johns toe still playing under the table and decided to throw a small amount of caution out the window and play back with his own toe. He wasn’t nearly as controlled as John and the movements were slightly uncoordinated but the fact that he was doing it made him a little light headed, this was the thing to set the night into the realm of prefect, contact, just the fact that he was touching John under the table while that smile played on his face was incredible he never thought he’d get to do this. He didn’t even care that the awful song had come back on shuffle.
Sherlock made a sound of relief. “John, you’ve been stabbed. Don’t try to move. The police will be here soon.” He hoped it was true. Both their mobiles were useless after a dunk in the ocean – Lestrade’s quick response was their only chance. There was no one around to get help and he would not leave John. He tore off his scarf and bound it as tightly as he could around the stab wound in John’s lower back, hoping that would be enough to slow the bleeding.
“If casework is not better than sex, then why do you not engage in more of the latter and less of the former? We’ve worked on 38 cases of various quality since your last sexual encounter.”
“What did I say about the brain?” John kisses him again, just for a moment, then pulls away and turns around, heading to the stairs. He can sense Sherlock’s panic at this development, and turns back to him. “Can you please trust me, Sherlock?” He motions for Sherlock to follow him and goes to his bedroom, shutting the door behind them.
He examines what Sherlock was last working on, paired photos of the victims and the intended suspects. The man’s handwriting is a disaster but John has mostly learned to decipher it. There are strings running crosswise between the eight individuals.
They give their statements and once things begin to die down no one pays attention to them, although they haven't been released officially. Sherlock, suddenly, impulsively, grabs John by the hand.
Sherlock was not returned to his restraints, but any further entry into the cell was made by a pair of armed guards who warned him well away from the door prior to opening it and did not venture further in than was necessary to place food or water inside the cell. He did not eat, although he did drink tea when it was provided. This was not an act of protest so much as conformation to his habit of not eating while working. He considered himself to be very much still on the job.
John freezes, then slowly turns his head to see a tall, curvaceous woman with waves of copper hair, dressed all in black and pointing a weapon at them.
“He’s a coward,” said Sherlock. “He’ll suffer more from the terror of thinking I will hunt him down again one day, than from anything you or I might actually do to him. And his fear will breed more fear. And if it comes to it, I
Sherlock shakes her off. “Perfectly fine. And I don’t need to be led around like a feebleminded child. I remember the way, and even if I didn’t I could easily follow the sound of those ridiculously painful shoes you’re wearing because you think they make your rather flat bottom more attractive and the smell of your over-applied chemist shop perfume.”
? You have a gun, I have snipers everywhere, blah blah blah. You shoot me, I have you shot. Or, you shoot me, I have all your friends shot in their beds. Haven’t really decided yet. Perhaps both. But in any case,
“We’ll find him,” John said confidently. “Or someone will. The entire police force and half the government is looking for him now. He may be smart, but he can’t hide forever.”
John closes his eyes and bites his lip. He feels guilty getting this from Mycroft but he’s not likely to hear it from Sherlock and the elder Holmes is right in that he really should know. “Too far how?”
It had been six days since they had met Moriarty at the pool and nearly lost both their lives. By John’s count, Sherlock had not eaten so much as a biscuit since then. They had both been silent on the way home from Scotland Yard, after recounting the story in detail numerous times to numerous police officers, each man too caught up in recovering from his own private nightmare to say any more. When they reached 221B, John made the tea. “You never got the milk,” he commented, his face deadpan.
them to hear. I want to make you scream until every last person in this building knows beyond the shadow of a doubt that you belong to me.”
Mycroft appeared uncomfortable, which was a very unusual state for him. “There’s no easy way to say this…it’s about my brother.”
John catches him, patience rapidly thinning, and drags him back to bed several times before he stays down. Still, he covers him back up tenderly and assures him that he’ll be close by if Sherlock needs him.
Sherlock listens for John's breathing and, before he can get up or say anything, Sherlock pounces on him, barely managing to hold on to the greased body as he pins John to the carpet, face up. John growls happily and bites at Sherlock's wrists without any real force behind it. He presses his hips up, rubbing his thickness against Sherlock's stomach. He's trying to goad Sherlock into action and it's working.
“Terribly sorry,” a young man’s scared voice mutters as it flees behind him. Someone had coughed on him while they were waiting at a street crossing. That’s all it was.
Victor looks confused, then startled. "Romance? No. I'm not even sure where I'd start at this point."
The fourth time was slow and languid, almost lazy, under the sheets and face to face, and only because despite their exhaustion they simply could not keep their hands off one another. At last they were completely spent, and John could feel the needs of sleep, shower, and food fighting for dominance within him. He knew sleep would win if he didn’t make a move to get up right then. Sherlock was done in too – despite his usually meticulous attention to his person he had made no move to clean up and had instead curled himself around John and was nuzzling the back of his neck sleepily.
“It was…not pleasant, but not the sort of the thing I learned how to get out of until after I left for uni. Mummy could be very persuasive. In any case, there were a lot of young people from other schools there and there was a boy I’d never seen before. I looked at him and he looked at me and I could see it, we were the same. I’d never experienced that before, and I was angry at my parents for making me attend, so I decided I would ask him to dance in front of everyone. I could see he’d say yes, he was very confident.”
Lestrade scrolled through results again. “Nothing. No bank accounts, no property holding or rentals, no tax records. It’s like he vanished.”
“I cannot believe that even you, as clueless to basic propriety and human emotions as you are, would expect me to agree to marry you with no discussion, no prior warning, in our freezing cold flat, with Mrs. Hudson and a client who wants you to prove that he couldn’t have killed his mother-in-law because he was across town shagging his wife’s brother as witnesses!”
“I’m not trying to do anything to you, you just don't understand. It would be better for you, for both of us--” Sherlock’s words are cut off by John’s mouth suddenly on his, hard and bitter and determined.
“Kebab,” John says firmly, not wanting to find out if the burly thief’s affection for Sherlock extends to nocturnal takeaway orders.
Sherlock hesitated, then nodded. John took off down a narrow side street to the left, towards the water. Sherlock fired his gun once to keep the criminal’s attention, then resumed his pursuit. They were running parallel to the ocean, a few blocks from the actual docks. Suddenly, as John had surmised, the man turned sharply and made for the wharf. He dropped out of Sherlock’s sight, but Sherlock smiled anyway. There weren’t many escape routes that way, and John would be waiting for him.
The theater was empty, but not dark – lights burned in the seating area and stage. A new production of Hamlet was slated to start this week, and some of the sets had been moved in, but the Globe was closed and silent now. He walked on to the central stage and looked up. A few stars twinkled in the open air above him, just managing to outshine the light pollution of London. The place looked deserted, but it didn’t feel deserted. He guessed there were at least half a dozen unseen figures tucked away in various corners. One of the trap doors in the stage was slightly ajar.
John decides Sherlock is suffering enough for one evening. “All right, but we are talking about this later.”
HANG ON PHONE John taps into his hand and fishes his mobile out of his pocket. Sherlock can’t make out what he's saying but he turns animated and his brightness increases and changes colours, going from yellow to red to a low burnt orange.
“Yes, yes, Official Secrets,” he snaps, scrawling a signature on the proffered clipboard without bothering to ascertain whether he is anywhere near the dotted line. “Now, run along back to daddy, we’ve got work to do.”
John stands, his heart breaking a little, and puts his hand bracingly on Sherlock's shoulder. “It’s fine, okay? Don’t worry about it. Just…be what you want to be, and I’ll be here no matter what. That’s all I wanted to say.”
“Mr. Holmes, you do impress me,” Moran continued. “You don’t look like a person with such inner reserves of strength, either mental or physical. And it’s my experience that the really smart ones usually have no tolerance for such unpleasantness. Well, that or it gets them off. I have to say it, you are winning this one. If I keep going you’ll likely die and then neither of us will get what we want. So, I’m trying something different.”
John smiles and draws Sherlock nearer, and suddenly neither of them are thinking of Irene Adler, nor will they for a very long time.
The tone takes the wind out of John's sails and to his surprise he finds he's curious as to what could possibly make Greg so persistent in getting a hold of a man he must know hates him.
John’s released his wrists and is keeping him in place through bodyweight and sheer force of his rage, coding now on Sherlock's sternum with his whole hand, not taps but blows, reverberating through Sherlock's whole body.
John shot awake, startled. “Lie back down, you’re not well,” he managed, willing his heart rate to return to normal. Sherlock must have been dreaming.
John takes a deep breath, like he's trying to hold everything in. "What do you need me to do?" he asks, his voice hardly wavering at all.
“Well, she’s not dead, is she?” John retorts, sharper than he means to. He sighs, and sits up, taking Sherlock’s hand. “Sorry. I just feel foolish now. I’m not angry, not really. I’m glad she didn’t die, she didn’t deserve that ending. I just want to understand. That’s all I’ve ever wanted.”
"What it's about is you and me and what you did. And the consequences. And Mary is one of those consequences."
Sherlock releases him and they slowly separate, as if reluctant to return to being different people. Sherlock is breathing fast and John is gulping deep lungfuls of air. He grabs Sherlock's hand and entwines their fingers, pulling Sherlock down to the floor with him. Sherlock puts his hand on John's chest to feel the rise and fall of it as John struggles to get his wind back.
John closes his laptop, rubbing his eyes, and half-heartedly makes some tea. Mrs. Hudson would do it if he asked – she’d do almost anything for him now – but he can’t bear her face when she looks at him. He gets lost in thought while making it and it comes out too strong, churning his empty stomach. He sits in his chair by the cold grate and sips at it anyway.
“Beyond what I learned from your criminal files? You are a hunter, obviously, but you only like to hunt dangerous game – not just animals, but people and treasure as well, anything that makes you feel like you have bested a worthy opponent. You think this makes you courageous, but in fact you are a coward and never allow yourself to be in a situation where any real harm is likely to come to you. You want to be perceived as a leader of men and a gentleman criminal, but you bear far more resemblance to a thug, albeit a successful and moderately intelligent one, who employs other thugs and has ambition but no true brilliance.
“I couldn’t move. I tried to talk to him in what little Pashto I had, tried to reassure him but I could barely whisper and I don’t think he would have found anything I had to say comforting.”
Sherlock lifts his head and shifts backwards a little so he is entirely back on the bed and can see John. “As a doctor I assumed you were aware of the physical and chemical reactions involved in a wide range of sexual activities, between both same and opposite sex couples, but if you need an explanation…”
John closes his eyes, luxuriating in the spare, slender body pressed against his, Sherlock’s hips grinding into him as he devours John neck, sometimes kissing gently, sometimes biting hard enough to leave a mark, but the whole time never ceasing his quest to dominate him completely. Sherlock unbuttons John’s shirt skilfully with one hand, shifting to straddle him as he grips John’s shoulder firmly with the other, holding him in place.
Sherlock, as always, was at his most enchanting when working or talking about his deductions, his feats of intellect and daring, and there had not been much opportunity for either since he’d come back, locked up in the house with everything he’d achieved in the past six month a sore spot for John. Now he was animated, excited, and pleased with himself, and John felt the familiar surge of adrenaline and attraction he had always felt when around Sherlock at the height of his powers. It was, he had to admit, intoxicating.
Still, he estimates that her assistance likely reduced the time he'd needed to spend dismantling Moriarty’s handiwork by nearly a year. But as it was, it had still taken him two. Longer than Sherlock had hoped, and he’d come nearer to death more times than he preferred. But he’s alive and, mostly, intact.
It takes John a few moments to decipher the reason for Sherlock’s sudden insistence that he has no need to leave the house, or even the bedroom. Because the man couldn’t possibly just be simple and straightforward and say something on the order of, “John, I plan to spend the next few days in bed and I would like you stay with me for company and cuddling and possibly quite a lot of sex.”
He's sure it's her immediately, though he asks a bystander just to be sure. She's standing by the refreshments table and, miraculously, not speaking to anyone at the moment. John approaches, pretending to be interested in the cheese board, and lets his instincts take over.
John springs into a run and bolts through the A&E doors, almost crashing into the reception desk. “There was a man… just now… a bad fall,” he pants desperately. “Where did they take him? Surgery?”
”. The first part was an address, he had picked up that much. The last word looked familiar, but he couldn’t place it. He flipped open his laptop and typed it into Google Translate. “Top floor”, of course! He had seen the same word on his room key when he checked in.
Dispensing poetic justice to perverts and courting John's goodwill was all well and fine, but it didn't further his task of getting to the heart of Moriarty's plots. In fact, he's no better off than he was upon leaving England and it's disheartening. Perhaps Prague might yield some leads, there'd been numerous Czech connections to his first tussle with Moriarty but that had been more than a year ago, and most had evaporated.
Sherlock stays close to John in the busy street, holding John’s belt under his coat in a way he hopes is unnoticeable to passersby. He had thought they’d be strolling deserted streets in the middle of the night and he could let his guard down, not jostled this way and that by unknown masses. Crowds are bad enough when he can see them coming but now he feels like he’s being attacked from all sides.
“Somehow I thought you wouldn’t,” Sherlock said dryly. “It never even occurred to you before, had it?”
Sherlock looks a bit crestfallen, as he often does when John lets a bit of air out of his ego, but soldiers on. "Come on then, we'd better go talk to Bryant."
John is in the shower. It is far too early, and it was far too late a night last night, which came to nothing. There is a hostage involved this time, but they are at a dead end for now, and John is glad for a chance to clean up and catch his breath. He lets his mind go blank as the scalding hot water beats down on him. He is startled by the sound of the bathroom door as Sherlock enters, talking.
“A term of endearment,” Sherlock assured him, as they watched the men scramble for their parkas and rush out the door Sherlock had helpfully propped open. No one seemed interested in options B or C.
He makes a quick perimeter around the house, gun drawn, but sees and hears nothing. It’s gotten very dark now, and is starting to rain. The wind is picking up too. John vaguely remembers hearing something about a bad storm in the forecast, but he hasn’t been paying much attention.
It feels not so much like a series of discrete encounters as a single, endless tryst, punctuated only by brief forays to attend to other needs; a constant state of languid arousal, ebbing and flowing but never really going away. Moving from half-asleep touching and fondling, to long investigations of each other’s bodies with gentle hands and lips, to sweet and lazy sessions of getting one another off in every possible way and position that doesn’t involve feet on the floor, to two straight hours of nothing but kissing, and back again.
His eyes were closed and he was pinching the bridge of his nose. “John, I realise I put you through a lot and I can understand your reasons for tormenting me, but I have to say I feel that this getting to be a little bit unfair. I have nowhere to be, no cases to work, no drugs, and now this. I simply can’t take it anymore.”
“He was trying. But he was failing, slowly. I know his pattern, and it wouldn’t have been long before it was too much for him again.”
Sherlock finally opens his eyes and gets up reluctantly, facing John cross-legged. “I’m not sure I can explain.”
John’s heart constricts painfully. He should have known that’s how Sherlock would interpret his standoffishness of late. “Oh, no,” he breathes. He wants to take Sherlock’s hand but he doesn’t move. “You…you’re perfect. It’s me, I’m just… the past few weeks were frightening, I guess I’m not over it.”
“You know Moriarty’s web of criminal associates spreads far beyond the Continent,” he’d said. “South America, Asia, North Africa. And that’s just what we know about. You won’t be safe anywhere. You’ll be lucky to sleep in a bed most nights. And I won’t be able to help you. If I can find you, others will be able to.  See to it that I can’t.”
"Uh uh," Moriarty scolds. "Not yet. But it won't be long. Go home, Sherlock. Hold your Doctor. Make your choices. And don't say I never gave you anything."
It takes a few seconds but he eventually notices John is no longer following him or calling to him. He spins on his heel and stalks back towards him.
He didn’t want change. At least he didn’t think so. But now the subject seemed to be unavoidable, and he knew things would be different once it was broached. He dreaded the thought.
He slowly moves until he is in front of John and drops to his knees before him, inches away. John watches him silently, taking him in without comment or expression. Unsure of why he's moved to do so, Sherlock reaches down and begins to unlace first one of John's shoes and then the other, pulling them off gently and setting them aside. He peels off John's socks one at a time and takes John's bare feet in hands almost as large as they are, cradling them reverently for a moment before replacing them on the floor and laying his head on John's knees in a posture of submission and grief, lost for a way to express his regret.
Boom. He trips on the rim of a step and would have hit the concrete were it not so crowded, instead careening into several people and taking out several more with pinwheeling arms trying to keep himself on balance. He can imagine the outraged exclamations around him and murmurs appropriate regrets as he steadies himself, once again in total darkness and out of the flow of traffic. He stops and tries get his bearings, trying to pick up the vibrations again to determine the direction of the majority. Suddenly a hand grabs his elbow forcefully and turns him about a quarter turn and gives him a little shove.
Sherlock is standing again, but no longer pacing and twitching.  He lets out a long breath. “Oh, that was too simple, but at least it was interesting for a few minutes.” He turns to John and John feels that familiar warm sensation creeping up from his toes that he always gets when Sherlock’s full attention is on him. Thrilling and reassuring and unsettling all at once.
“Sherlock,” he said, putting a hand on the other man’s twitching knee to still it. “I don’t want anything else from you.”
“Right.” John pushes him off balance. Sherlock hits the hard floor with surprising lightness and John dives after him, straddling him while grabbing his slender wrists and using them to pin his arms over his head.
“I’ll still keep some of my things up here in the cupboard,” John says quickly. “I did move most of my clothes into your room… our room… but I tried not to mess up your system. I didn’t want to clutter it up, I know you hate that, so anything I don’t use a lot will stay up here. I hope you don’t—”
“You knew,” she says quietly. “Of course you knew he would come down here. That’s why you left, so you wouldn’t have to see it.”
He doesn’t know why he says it, they haven’t hidden it even if they don’t talk about it either. Maybe it’s because couple is not a word that he would ever use for what they have been, maybe it’s from an instinct to shield
He puts his hands to Sherlock’s jutting hipbones and glances briefly up at his friend, who is watching him with sharp, focused hunger shining in his sea-glass eyes. John wraps his fingers around Sherlock, enjoying the sight of his lean thigh muscles contracting in anticipation. John nuzzles softly around the base of him, inhaling him, as Sherlock lets out little halting breaths of pleasure with each movement John makes. He gives Sherlock’s testes a long, slow lick, the promise of more to come, and is just about to turn his attention to Sherlock’s enticingly dewy tip…
It starts to get hot, painfully hot, and he moans, still half-conscious and partially paralysed. Distantly he hears his name and it takes all his effort and every scarce molecule of air in his lungs to call out in response.
John has to close his eyes and swallow so as not to vomit. He kneels beside his friend, texting Lestrade to come immediately. “Sherlock?”
John coughs and changes the subject. “So, this is Lady…de Corataine’s estate, I’m guessing… Impressive.”
"And if I could cut it off and stick it in the machine, we'd be in business. It's a giant magnet, Sherlock. And your shirt has metal buttons. Not to mention your trousers. As entertaining as that would be, I feel the hospital smock is probably the path of least embarrassment. Change, I need to go talk to Molly."
John made a noise of frustration. “No! I don’t know. I think we’d both regret it if it was the wrong time and the wrong reasons. This is so fresh, we need, I need to give it a little time, to figure it out. There’s too many other things right now to cloud our judgement. Can we get used to just being around each other again, first?”
“Only officially,” she shrugged. “In fact, I’m officially dead twice, so I suppose they cancel each other out.”
“Okay, well I’ll be in the booth then. I’ll be able to hear you if you need me.” He hears John walk out of the room and the door close. It’s even more discombobulating to be lying mostly naked in the centre of an empty space like this, not allowed to move around, to speak, and he tries to focus on something else.
John starts to back out of the berth, gun still trained on her. "I'm sure you'll have that rope off in a moment but I would advise against following me. I didn't kill any of your men, either. Call it even."
“No use pretending you don’t have them,” John says firmly. “But maybe feelings isn’t quite right… More like how you are perceiving me and the things around you, like the clues from a crime scene. I think your brain is taking all that input, bouncing it off of me and interpreting it as brightness.”
And so on. John smiles to himself. If he responded to Sherlock’s every text, or even half of them in situations like this, he’d never get anything done, and Sherlock knows it.
“What happened, Sherlock? I thought you said you couldn’t… you didn’t want to… that things never worked for you… What changed? Why now?”
He strode into the police station like he owned the place, earning a look of resentment from Anderson and Donovan, who seemed to have transferred their hatred of Sherlock to him. The feeling was mutual. He barged into Lestrade’s office, just as the Detective Inspector was putting on his coat and packing up his briefcase. It was well after 8 pm.
John stalks off in to the night and hears nothing for long seconds. Finally, there is the sound of footsteps. Sherlock has jogged to catch up with him, and gets in front of him, blocking his path.
Lestrade caught the edge of steel in John’s tone, sighed, and put his briefcase down. Unlike Sherlock, John had not made a habit of bothering him at all hours of the night with matters both trivial and vital. “Are you in trouble, John?” he asked, sitting down and motioning for John to do the same.
John’s head snapped around towards her. “Is this fun for you? Is this how you get your kicks? Alright, you’ve come here, you’ve said your little speech, I don’t care. Time for you to go.”
Reluctantly, he goes down to the morgue. He barely hears Molly’s chattering as he examines the body. The marks on the throat are certainly unique, but he’s lost his taste for this case. He takes pictures and measurements mechanically and leaves quickly, not wishing to return to the flat but not having any better ideas.
The project takes most of the week to complete, and John gets virtually no rest during the process, but thankfully it’s done in time for Sherlock to return home six days later. He bursts in, completely unannounced as usual, and sinks into his chair.
Lost in all the seemingly random trivia about these people’s lives was all the information they had needed to figure out who the killer was, just so obscure and mixed up that they hadn’t been able to see it. But Sherlock had, finally, after a decent night’s sleep and some fresh perspective. And then he had run off after him alone, without out a thought for John or anything else but the hunt.
He listens at the door as Sherlock tells Mycroft the news, hating himself for every word that’s just come out of his mouth. None of it matters now.
He closed his computer and rolled his jacket up behind his head. Despite being incredibly wired from the night’s events and the range of feelings he was suppressing, he had a soldier’s talent for being able to grab shut-eye in the most stressful and disturbing situations. In fact, he was much more likely to be able to rest when he had a mission in mind than when all was calm and he was at home. He closed his eyes, listening to the steady rhythm of the train speeding smoothly beneath the Atlantic, and fell instantly asleep.
Sherlock doesn’t appear in any rush to break the spell the next morning, lying in until nearly ten and then dragging John to the shower with him and proceeding to shove him up against the tile and fuck him very deliberately until they are nearly out of hot water.
Sherlock’s suit is perfectly tailored, and orders of magnitude more expensive than John’s rented one. It accentuates his tallness, nipping in perfectly at his slender waist while managing to highlight his broad shoulders. His hair is tamed for once, curls shiny and neat against his head. He looks like the product of a bygone era, suave and polished. At some point John stops thinking about how uncomfortable dancing with his flatmate in front of society elite is, stops worrying about people talking, and sees only him as they glide across the dance floor, inches away, touching, and yet somehow still unreachable.
“Not…really, mate. You want to pay me money to not give you drugs? I have to say, that’s a new one on me.”
Bryant gathers his things uncertainly and makes his way out of the flat, looking both confused and somewhat reassured.
“Yes, to be safe, although don’t draw unless you have to. I can’t imagine this lot will be armed. They’ll want to make sure if they’re caught, they can’t be charged with that as well.”
“I don’t think it’s my--” Sherlock begins, but stops as Victor looks sincerely at him with clear blue eyes.
"John, I need you to give me a shave. I can't use a straight razor blind and your electric one doesn't cut close enough."
John shakes his head. “Just a bad day. Nothing more.” He makes no move to go to bed and neither does Sherlock.
John draws his husband to him, encircling Sherlock’s waist with his arms and feeling the still-lithe body quiver ever so slightly, even now, from the memory. “Shh, I know. Me too. But that was a long time ago and we’ve had so many good years since then.”
John laughed, and smoothed the damp locks off Sherlock’s forehead. “No, I suppose I’m not,” he conceded.
“Nothing to be sorry for, John,” Sherlock said briskly, staring at a spot somewhere to the right of John’s ear. “You feel how you feel, it’s perfectly understandable. I would prefer we just forget the whole thing.”
Sherlock moves on to John’s face. “Eyes. Blue. Dark blue, often mistaken for brown but in reality closer to slate. Though they change colour in the light and with your mood. How can eyes change colour? Skin, clear but weathered.” He runs fingers over John’s face, lightly caressing all his features. “Fine wrinkles around the eyes and mouth. Lips…soft… full…” He traces John’s jaw line. “Dimples, slight, only when you smile very widely. Chin, small but strong. Ears stick out…” he licks along the edge of both. “Beard, two days growth, coarse like thick grained sandpaper, slightly reddish…” He rubs his own smooth cheek against John’s experimentally.
“He told me about your…history… with the drugs before I met you. And he said… he said that you were losing control again and that he thought if you did you would never get it back. That’s not true, is it?”
“Enough!” said Moran, putting his glass down on the table with more force than was necessary. “You’ve had your fun there, and whether you are right or wrong really couldn’t matter less to me. You are in my power, you have something I want, and you’re going to give it to me. Or things will go very badly for you.”
"You're massaging my earlobes with your thumb and forefinger." Sherlock just manages to keep his voice steady. There appear to be nerves that run directly from his ears to his groin and they are firing on all cylinders.
.” Sherlock had been quite chuffed with himself for finally figuring it out. And it had been the one part of his speech, which had involved rather more real-time deduction than even he had planned, that had landed universally well. It’s only now, looking into John’s infuriated face, that he realises given their history, the timing was perhaps less than appropriate.
John follows the progress of his hands with his mouth, starting at Sherlock’s bellybutton and kissing downward along the faint trail of dark hair below it, giving each place due attention as it becomes available. At last he reaches the border of a deep and fragrant forest, and he immerses himself in it, pulling the fabric at last over the swollenness of Sherlock’s cock and off him completely.
John sighs. He doesn’t. He knows Mycroft keeps regular surveillance on their flat and on himself. He just prefers to not think about it as much as possible.
“Nonsense, John, I’m the picture of health,” Sherlock pulled his sallow features into what he clearly thought was a convincing smile. “See? All I needed was a good night’s sleep.”
John nods not even noticing that Sherlock doesn't need Morse anymore, and tosses him a small glass vial with an old-fashioned aerosol pump. His eyes are darting back and forth, not scanning like Sherlock's do, but orbiting madly, as if seeing too many things at once. Likewise his whole body is tense, twitching, jumping wildly on a small scale. He's trying to keep himself in check, but it's not going well, Sherlock decides.
John clears his throat. “Actually, I haven’t checked yet today. But do you mind if we eat something first? I could do with some lunch, since we didn’t have breakfast.”
There it was. John held his breath for a long moment while the DI considered. He knew playing on his guilt over Sherlock was cruel, but he didn’t care. The only question was, would it work or would make him so angry that he would refuse to give John anything?
It takes everything in him not to obey, to force himself to stand still and watch as John's face crumbles and he turns and walks away. Not limping, but clearly only through dint of willpower. Sherlock watches him longer than he should before turning up his collar and returning to the car.
NOT MUCH OF. A FEW PARTS PER BILLION. IT’S NOT A METABOLITE OF THE HOUND DRUG IS IT? THEY LOOK SIMILAR BUT IT’S OFF ISN’T IT?
She smiled a droll smile. “I’m not being cruel, Dr. Watson, I promise. And I know you do care, or you wouldn’t be so angry with me. But I’m not quite done yet. I know people, and I know men in particular. And he did love me, in his way, otherwise he would not have gone to such great lengths to save me and even if he had, he certainly wouldn’t have kept it hidden from you if I meant nothing to him. But it doesn’t matter, because he didn’t want to be
“This is the paper they print British banknotes on,” Sherlock says. “It’s a well-kept secret, for obvious reasons, but this is the factory that makes it. They’re very skilled. It’s shipped from here directly to the Bank of England, where it’s printed up and distributed.”
that shape, even hundreds of metres away, even in darkness, even though it is impossible. He freezes, feeling his knees go weak, afraid to go any closer, afraid it might vanish or he might find his mind is playing tricks on him. “Sherlock,” he breathes.
He manages a strangled howl of agony and spins around with difficulty before he falling to his knees, finding himself face to face with a youngish man, short, scruffy, and unattractive, with wild eyes. He is holding an fire iron, with which he has just struck John on the small of his back. He looks frightened, but ready to finish the job. Before he can raise his hand again Sherlock bursts out of the room, pistol aimed at the unkempt head.
He opens his mouth, wanting to express some of this, not sure where to start but knowing he should at least reciprocate John’s early confession. Before he can utter a word, however, a hand is slapped reprovingly over his mouth.
“Yours,” John agrees, craning his neck to bite Sherlock’s shoulder and wrapping his legs around Sherlock’s, pulling their hips more tightly together. He arches his back, thrusting up against Sherlock, gasping in pleasure at the friction. “Only yours.”
“Calm down, John. You misunderstand me. You mustn’t leave him, even if he says he wants you to, even if he demands you get out of his life. He might do such a thing for any number of misguided reasons, but believe me it would be the worst thing you could ever do to him.”
“Not at the moment!” Sherlock called over his shoulder as he strode away briskly. “Come along, John.”
“I do enjoy not having to pay for meals when I’m with you,” John admits. “Mostly that’s why I keep you around.”
Sherlock doesn’t move. “I can fix it, John, I can figure it out. I swear I can. Let me show you.” He grabs John by the waist and kisses him hard on the mouth, trying to communicate the depth of his regret, his longing, because he sure as hell doesn’t know what words will work. He presses against John, aching for contact, certain he can make him understand.
In a flash, Sherlock has John backed unresisting to the cold tile of the wall and John is pressing up into him with equal intensity, hips jutting into Sherlock's thighs and stomach warm and soft against Sherlock's pelvis. John rises on his toes to reach Sherlock's mouth with his own, his hands sketching the lines of Sherlock's body as if to remind himself, and then running them underneath Sherlock's greatcoat, clutching at the small of his back, his shoulders. John lets out something between a sob and a moan, barely audible, and allows Sherlock to work a knee between his thighs.
“No.” John is firm. “I understand why you have to focus now. I can accept it. But in the long run I think you need this and I think you want this, and if I’m wrong then look in my eyes and tell me, tell me you never want to be with me again and I will shut up and never say another word about it. I will be your friend and I will work your cases and I will bail you out of jail, but I will never try to kiss you or seduce you or convince you that we should be more than that. But only if you tell me that you really, truly, don’t want this ever again.”
“What? Oh. 290110,” he said, praying his guess was correct. He had hoped to avoid any sticky questions of his identity and ownership of the box and apparently he was going to. This did seem to be the kind of place that specialised in discretion, and Sherlock had probably chosen it precisely because they did not ask those sorts of questions, at least provided he had the right box number and password.
Treating it quite so lightly had probably been a mistake, Sherlock reflects as John’s taxi pulls away, leaving him vainly attempting to staunch the flow of blood from his nose. But he’d been so high on his accomplishments, on being free again, as high as any drug had ever made him.
“Do you realize that our flat looks more like a serial killer lives here than the actual killer’s home probably does?” John mentions tiredly after the sixth straight hour of internet research one day.
This did earn him a tiny smile, quickly suppressed. “And the results of your experiment, Doctor Watson?”
He is not asking for permission but Sherlock nods anyways, and submits coolly to the standard poking and prodding, the cold stethoscope, the thermometer in his mouth.
Moriarty, the consulting criminal. A Belgian crime syndicate with a French name based in a Dutch-speaking city. A rural Dutch province with no apparent connexion to either. A word that could refer to anything or nothing. Maybe that’s where Hanna had gone on holiday as a child. Maybe the small Friesland Bank was really the headquarters of an international counterfeiters’ guild. Or maybe none of it meant anything.
One night, John awoke to a figure at the end of his bed. His flatmate was perched there, like a vulture, long legs tucked up under him and arms crossed.
John grins sheepishly and straightens his clothes as they pepper him with questions and exchange pleasantries.
"Very bad things," Sherlock finishes and John nods, digging his nails into his palm. "If something were to interfere with the myelin, would that be enough to cause the problems we've been seeing?"
“No, I think I can handle it on my own,” John grumbles. Mycroft turns to walk away but a thought a strikes John and he calls after him. “Mycroft. You have my sister watched, don’t you?”
“This Christmas,” John whispers around the elegant digit, “I want to fuck every last part of your body. Is that all right with you?”
It’s so pleasant that John has nearly forgotten about Bryant’s case until Sherlock bounds up the stairs three at a time and bursts into John’s room.
It might be hours or days later when they surface, John doesn’t know or care. Sherlock is next to him in their bed, body humming in pleasure and keeping a death grip on John with one hand.
John’s reaction encourages him and he says bravely, “No. No condom. Please? I don’t want something between us.”
is dance. Think very carefully about the list of things I might decide to occupy myself with at a party like this if I have no one to dance with before you make your decision.”
He laid John on his back on the wooden slats of the pier. “John! John, speak to me. Can you hear me?” No response. A diluted stain of crimson blood bloomed from the back of his jumper; alarming, even though the wound didn’t appear too deep. But John wasn’t breathing. No pulse.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. "I know my childhood was hardly typical, but I'm fairly certain I was never quite
The receptionist gives him a sympathetic look. “I’m sorry, sir, but they took him straight to the morgue. Is there anyone I can call—?”
Then again, there is at least a receptionist on the front desk, and it might not be a bad thing to have fewer people observe his investigations. He wonders if Sherlock had thought of that, or if he even knows what day of the week it is presently.
It’s all too easy for John to haul back and deliver a roundhouse to Greg's jaw. He pulls it, because his full force can do quite serious damage. But not by much. Not as much as he could have and still been convincing.
“John,” he says, leaning over him, desperate to get just a little bit closer. “I had no idea. I should have done, but I didn’t. I just want things to go back to how they were. Tell me what I have to do, and I’ll do it. Anything.”
“Oh, that’s clever…” he muttered, inspecting the empty pack. There, in the bottom right, was a tiny compartment, designed to fit the negative space left by the six shorter cigarettes in the package, just about nine cubic centimetres. Anyone inspecting the shipment could take any cigarette out of any package and have it look perfect normal, provided they didn’t compare the different sizes.
Sherlock rubs his hands together, half anticipation, half cold. “Now. Do you remember that case a few months back, with the tropical birds and the classical musician?”
Sherlock puts his arms down. This is how it ends, one way or another, his life in John Watson's blazing, shining, electric hands. He doesn't know much right now, but he knows he could hardly want it to be any other way.
! A garden centre, brilliant. That would explain why the cyanide was industrial grade not pharmaceutical grade. He didn’t buy it, he already had it! Probably for pests.” Sherlock begins typing furiously on his computer.
The awkwardness of John’s pause is practically audible. “You know, I don’t trust Mycroft either… but he loves you and he has resources I can hardly imagine. I know you hate admitting weakness to him but it might not be a… terrible... idea to let him in on this.”
.” John waits for Sherlock to try and talk him out of going again, but Sherlock ignores his words completely.
“Son of a bitch,” John pants, not needing to act as at least four officers take hold of him, none to gently.
“Oh yes, definitely poison,” she says, pulling the sheet off the body. “Too bad, she was so pretty.”
anything, it’s just a practical measure for the current state of things. I thought you’d be pleased I’m thinking about the future for once.”
John nods slowly, processing and apparently coming to the conclusion that he is in no condition to cope with this at the moment. “Right,” he says at last, matter-of-factly. “Okay then. Goodnight, Sherlock.” He goes into his room and shuts the door without another word.
“The usual. Shower, get dressed, we need some shopping and I promised Lestrade I’d pop round and look at something for him – strictly a medical question, he said.”
“I wasn’t saying no because I didn’t want to, you bloody fool. I would have thought you could at least have deduced that from the responses my body was giving, seeing as how it was pressed right up against yours.”
He stops himself, looking shocked at whatever was on its way out of his mouth. But Sherlock can read it in his stance.
Sherlock wakes suddenly and tries to open his eyes. It takes him a moment to understand why he can't seem to manage it, and isn't quite able to suppress the sharp intake of breath the momentary panic causes.
The rest of the afternoon and evening are spent at their separate pursuits, Sherlock researching the case while John goes over the abstracts for the conference and his own presentation. He’s so focused on it that he barely notices how late it’s gotten, until Sherlock stretches and yawns on the sofa.  He gets suddenly to his feet with one smooth motion.
Sherlock makes a pleased, almost animalistic sound, a low rumble, and John can feel him hard against the back of his thighs. Sherlock steadies himself, then guides himself into John, a little too fast at first and John can’t stop a whimper from the sudden pain, but it soon dissipates and he pushes himself back against Sherlock, wanting to feel more of him.
Sherlock paused and examined himself. “Quite right, John,” he agreed. He grabbed his coat off the hook, stuffed something in the pocket, and tightened it around himself. He adjusted his scarf. “Much better. What would I do without you?”
Sherlock does some quick measurements. “From Ilford, somewhere close to Wanstead Park Road. A five year old. Five years, three months, approximately.”
John is certain that this will not be the usual way of things between them, but is grateful for it this time. He himself is a little unsure, although he is positive it is completely real. He feels like he is being shocked every time Sherlock touches him in a new place, removes an item of clothing, mouths unknown words silently into his neck or shoulder. Like he is on the verge of dying and being yanked back to life each time. His skin feels hot everywhere Sherlock’s hands go, though the taller man himself is cool, as if he is drawing all of John’s warmth to the surface and into himself.
Sherlock nods. “We have to leave right away, you can’t go back to your flat. Do you have your gun with you?”
He shakes his head, having nothing past that and resumes scrutinising the stains on the wallpaper a foot to the left of John’s head. After a few more moments he tries again.
Sherlock is typically calmed by sex, particularly after playing the submissive, but this is a surprising degree of mellowness even by that standard. John decides that this, if not an actual good time to bring it up, is the best he’s likely to get for awhile.
When they reach home, Sherlock is unusually solicitous of John for several days. He had pushed John pretty far with this case and, at least for once, seems to actually have noticed. The comment about  Sherlock not having friends had hurt. It still stings, even though John is used to Sherlock’s casual cruelty when he is frustrated, to him lashing out when he is unsure. Even though at least part of it could be written up to whatever that drug had been and John knew, even at the time, that he hadn’t meant it.
He looks at Sherlock for confirmation and Sherlock gives the slightest nod. John pulls Sherlock down to him this time, and the kiss is far more equal, warm and moist. Sherlock’s lips part ever so slightly, and John runs his tongue along them, questing but not invading. He feels Sherlock’s tongue meet his and the kiss grows passionate as they open to each other, shyly at first, then more confidently, then hungrily.
John’s ears are ringing and his head is killing him. A flashbang. Where did Sherlock get that? And who deployed it? He pulls himself to his feet and looks around. He sees the retreating form of Abel Bryant just through the open door. Must have been him, on Sherlock’s prior instructions.
YOU WANT TO SPEAK TO ME ABOUT BEING CRUEL? HOW DARE YOU? AFTER ALL WE’VE BEEN THROUGH HOW DARE YOU. YOU ALWAYS ARE IN SUCH A HURRY TO LEAVE, TO DIE, AND YOU CALL ME CRUEL. YOU LIE HERE AND TELL ME TO MY FACE THAT YOU HAVE NOTHING AND I’M THE CRUEL ONE.
John stands and clears his throat. “Well, I haven’t seen the body, so I can’t be sure, but with this little blood I’d have to say she was either poisoned, strangled, or her neck was snapped, although I think the room would be in more disarray if she was physically attacked.”
Sherlock frowned, and shifted on the bed, draping one leg over the footboard and worrying the edge of the duvet with his fingers. He seemed deflated, a little lost, and very nervous. John was struck by the intense weirdness of the situation, the two of them sitting on his bed, talking in the night like schoolgirls.
Sherlock nods and escapes out back to scrounge a cigarette off Janine, who is either too tactful or too self-absorbed to ask him what’s wrong.
John is too busy remembering how to pump blood to his brain to give him more than a weak smile, but Sherlock is so high on the case he doesn't notice.
John had packed a bag with remarkable efficiency, and had loaded his Sig and stuck it in his waistband. “What does it look it like I’m doing? I’m going to find Sherlock.”
“Then where is he? Show him to me.” John’s eyes light on the door to the autopsy room, behind Molly. “No, don’t tell me you’re that stupid!” he exclaims, and jumps for it.
"Add the ionized bromine in equal parts with the solvent," Sherlock tells John watching him and realising he wouldn't even know if John was doing it wrong. "Now, heat it to 435 degrees Celsius for fifteen seconds and then supercool it immediately with liquid nitrogen. If I'm right... we're right, this should simultaneously neutralize the remaining drug in our systems and dissolve the coating that's interfering with the neuron function."
“Oh no, I’ve done enough listening to you. You take me to him this instant. I need to strangle him. Or kiss him. Or both.” John was looking frantically for his keys and jacket.
When John wakes he is alone, and the sun is up but it’s so cloudy it’s hard to tell what time it is. It’s not particularly alarming to find Sherlock gone – he can count on one hand the number of times he’s woken with Sherlock still next to him. He smiles to himself as he remembers the previous night’s activities, then frowns as he also recalls their deeply unsatisfying conversation afterward.
Sherlock pushes through the fog to the lab in his mind palace and finds it mostly clear and workable. He moves quickly inside of it, breaking down every chemical from both compounds, reassembling them, reacting them with other chemicals until something starts to happen.
Home. John says it without thinking, then regrets it. Technically, Sherlock is home. What a home life this must have been, too, so privileged. And yet Sherlock has done his best to disassociate himself with nearly every aspect of it.
Sherlock looks concerned again. “I’ve told you before you didn’t hurt me. You saved me. Why is that wrong?”
John feels his face is hot, and must be quite red, and exits the dance floor as quickly as propriety will allow, downing two more glasses of champagne on his way. He has no idea what just happened, and he spots Mycroft making his way purposefully towards him. Absolutely not. He is not going to have that conversation with Mycroft, not now and preferably not ever.
Sherlock looks at him helplessly. “I’m sorry,” he says at last, pushing closer into John’s side in that way he has when he knows John is angry and is trying to gauge by feel whether he’s been forgiven.
By the time they have both eaten and dressed and are waiting for the potential client to appear, Sherlock is entirely back to his usual self, albeit the most cheerful and excited version of it.
Sherlock says of this very quickly in a single breath, before he’s even consciously put it together in his mind. He takes a large gulp of air and allows himself a moment of happiness that his brain still appears to be in working order as far as memory goes.
his girlfriend – she had been too smart for that. She understood, better than he had at the time, the nature of his relationship with Sherlock and had known better than to put herself in the middle of it. Still, she cared about him, and accepted Sherlock as part of his life, as the most important part, in a way no other girl had. And Sherlock, while jealous of the time he spent with her, had not hated her the way he had loathed the other women John had gone out with, never tried to actively get rid of her.
Sherlock has no words to express what he's thinking at the moment, so he settles for bumping John's head gently with his own. "Don't ever go out," he says.
“I prefer to think of it as directing my thoughts elsewhere. It wasn’t like I had much of a chance to do anything about it had I wanted to. And as I said, I had plenty of other interests that seemed more important than all the mooning about and pawing at each other my peers were doing. There was one time, as a teenager, I wanted briefly to… but it doesn’t matter.”
He ignored the question. “A nurse will not be necessary. I read your instructions as you were writing them and I am more than capable of handling all of those tasks.”
“Sherlock Holmes, you are the most breathtaking moron I’ve ever encountered,” John tells him. He climbs into in Sherlock’s lap, winding his legs around Sherlock’s waist and hooking his arms around the back of his neck. “But then I’m not much better.”
The counterfeit case, though, that might have legs. The fact that either Ms. Mihov had managed to extricate herself from the charges or that Moriarty had arranged for it himself meant that she was more talented and more important than most of the other petty criminals that Moriarty had helped elevate. Most of those he cut lose easily at the first hint of trouble. The fact that she had vanished rather than turning up dead suggested that she had power or knowledge or both, and enough of it to protect herself.
"The mercury ions will be coated by... stuff... as they are removed and pass harmlessly from our bodies," Sherlock finds himself saying. Then he adds, "I hope."
He barked a laugh. The cruel irony was he’d spent so much time trying to keep Sherlock from starving to death that he’d barely fed himself. “Not getting much sleep either, I suppose.”
When he is laid out on top of his friend, listening to his heartbeat and stroking his hair, John is overcome with amazement that he is allowed to do even these simple things – touch, kiss, hold – to a man who has always seemed so untouchable in every way.  Sherlock says he wants everything, and John knows he’s not just talking of the things they can do with and to each other. He wants every last thing John has and is, and he’s not promising he’ll give anything back.
“It means accepting that I care about you at least as much as you do me, that it hurts me to see you hurt. And that your death would be the end of me, too. It means valuing your safety as much you value mine, not doing things that purposely harm your body or your mind if there is another way. It means not keeping important things to yourself until they end up hurting us both. It means weighing more than just odds when you weigh the risks of something.”
"Yes, really." He's dead serious. "I didn't say he was nice or kind or even always good. He can be cruel and selfish and cold. He's got a side to him that could go to the bad in an instant, and a wicked drug habit. He is often hurtful and completely unaware of and uninterested in the needs or feelings or even the existence of others."
It’s a moment of surprising vulnerability from her, and for just a second he wavers. She looks as sad and forlorn as he’s felt. He opens his mouth to say something to her, though he doesn’t know what yet, but is cut off by the garish sound of a text received that means Sherlock has followed him and heard every word they’ve just said.
"Letters of introduction. You're John Walter Colby, nephew of Lord Colby, a distinguished and deceased member of the Society. A legacy, invited to attend the ball because you might be interested making yourself - and your enormous inheritance - a part of their little club."
Sherlock had not moved from his spot on the floor. John was bemused. “Okay, I will admit I was tormenting you a little bit, and you deserved it, but I had no idea you found my touches so intolerable.”
“Like a bomb?” John manages, trying to distract himself, as even staying motionless together is nearly enough to finish him off now. .
John frowns. “We don’t discuss it much. Obviously I know about his time at Uni and Victor. I know there was some period of time after that when the drugs were too powerful for him and that it was pretty bad. And that he eventually got himself mostly clean, or at least in control, and began working as a detective. That’s about it.”
Only just now does Sherlock feel the slight but familiar pit of uneasiness portending that he may have read this situation very, very wrongly.
John swallows his rising rage at that. “I told you where I was going and that I wasn’t leaving forever. You knew I was going to come back. Don’t act like you believe I don’t want to be here.” He puts a hand gingerly on Sherlock’s shoulder. “I don’t want to have to hear things from Mycroft. I want to hear from you.”
The man wakes to the dark shadow of Sherlock perched above him on the arm of the sofa, fingers steepled, observing him unblinkingly. John kneels beside him, taking his pulse. He gives a sharp gasp and begins to hyperventilate again.
“I can’t tell you,” Sherlock insists and John can see that it’s true. “But I promise you it’s not… it’s nothing to do with you. Us.”
John barely has a chance to brace himself before the whirlwind that is Sherlock sweeps him up, filling his senses, knocking him on to his back and tearing at his cardigan. Sherlock kisses John hungrily, possessively, holding him down with his body as if John might try and escape. John finds himself responding more than he ever thought possible, aroused by the strength of Sherlock’s raw need for him. He returns Sherlock’s kisses with equal pressure, rising to meet his mouth, running his tongue along lips and teeth, trying to climb inside of him.
Heart pounding, John finally manages to gather the presence of mind to resist, using all his strength to shove Sherlock off of him and hold him at arms length. “Sherlock, just stop for a second!” he exclaims. His friend is like a wild thing, all need and desire and instinct, no thought. At first he assumes Sherlock is high again, but he can quickly see that he isn’t, nor is he drunk. “You can’t just attack me like this. What’s going on?”
She looked different, had changed her style completely and was attempting to seem more casual, commoner, less put together. It didn’t suit her. But some things were the same. Her expertly applied makeup. Her stilettos. Her walk.
Sleeping with Sherlock is both simpler and more of a headache than John anticipated. On the one hand, much of the framework is already there – they live together, work together, and Sherlock has John trained to do most of the domestic chores. People already think they are a couple, and they don’t mention the change in status to anyone, although at least poor Mrs. Hudson downstairs must know, as the walls and floors are none too thick, and Sherlock tends to be both loud and unconcerned about what they might be doing to her nerves.
“Well, I’m the only one who can know that,” Sherlock says, his voice low and hoarse now, as if he can barely summon the effort to speak. “So you will just have to believe me. It’s over. Forget it.”
Sherlock’s expression loses a bit of the childlike peevishness with which he typically greets his brother and shades towards true anger. “I’m not trying to do anything of the sort. John makes his own decisions and I expect he’ll continue to do so.”
They wait in silence for the police, give their statements grimly, and share a taxi home. Neither speaks. When they reach Baker Street, Sherlock sheds his coat and makes straight for his bedroom. John catches his arm.
Sherlock sits bolt upright in stunned disbelief and scans her face, eyes darting back and forth in panic. Her expression is open, matter of fact, no anger or manipulation noticeable. It doesn't make sense.
The last time they kiss is the next morning, right before the call about the kidnapped children, and John is certain something is wrong. Sherlock is closed off from him, hard, cruel, mysterious in a way he hasn't been in months. But John thinks it is just the fear, after what Moriarty put them through last time. They will beat him, Sherlock will beat him, and it will all go back to normal.
John finds out the answer to whether or not Sherlock was really oblivious to his trip when his phone begins playing reveille at the highest volume setting at three am Monday morning, and refuses to be silenced. John has to smother it with a pillow until the battery runs down. He doesn’t mind nearly as much as he should.
John sighed, tolerantly. “I don’t suppose you’ll be wanting to get some sleep before then, will you?”
“I think that was my point,” John mutters and goes to make coffee. He’s starting to feel like this case is eating their life. Literally every waking hour of Sherlock’s and most of his own are devoted to it and they are making almost no progress. Sherlock hasn’t gotten properly dressed in several days, though at least he still showers and grooms himself meticulously.
John somehow manages to get Sherlock on his back beneath him without ever breaking contact with Sherlock’s mouth. They press against each other as tightly as possible, trying to banish any hint of distance between them, to communicate solely by skin touching skin. John’s hands roam over Sherlock’s arms and chest as he rubs the side of his face against Sherlock’s stomach, wanting to feel every single part of Sherlock’s body on every single part of his own body, preferable all at once.
Sherlock relaxes minutely and forces himself to have a normal breakfast in the dining room before walking down to the beach, where he won't be overheard. He dials the pre-set number in the phone and is completely unsurprised by the voice that answers.
John leans over to lick the sweat from between sharp shoulder blades, dragging his teeth gently across the nearly translucent skin, and Sherlock makes a sound like the rumble of a bull elephant, completely outside his head now. Good. John keeps them on the edge for as long as he can stand, and when it’s over with a last, deep thrust from John and an almost feral cry of pleasure from Sherlock, both are utterly exhausted.
He glared at her stonily and she sighed at his refusal to play. “Very well. Of course I loved him. How could anyone not love such a man? It’s impossible, completely impossible.”
He gives Sherlock the address and Sherlock thanks him and drains his drink, clutching his too-thin coat against the chill on his way out.
“Because I’m not stupid. Just like I’m not stupid enough to take that for a denial. That phone call from your brother…all your skulking about. This is what it’s all been about, hasn’t it. Moriarty.”
Sherlock peers beneath the lorry and raises an eyebrow. “I didn’t expect there to be more than two. That’s seven for you. A record?”
"You hopeless romantic, you,” John murmured, as he bent down to kiss him. There was nothing chaste about it this time, and Sherlock lit up as if the sun had been turned on inside his soul. He jumped to his feet and dragged John with him.
“That’s interesting,” John comments on the tune, which is slow but rich and vibrant. “Have you played that before?”
Sherlock had been gone more than eight hours without a word. Nothing from Mycroft either. John was beginning to feel as jumpy as Sherlock often did. He dared not go out in case Sherlock came back, couldn’t sleep in case there was a message or a call, and Sarah…well, he’d best leave that alone, at least for a little while. He had occupied himself with cleaning, reading the Sunday paper, and terrible telly for most of the day but he was running out of distractions.
know? John risked a lot for him, regularly, without appearing to think much about it. Not to mention all the general taking-care-of he did on a daily basis. Sherlock did try to show that he was grateful, but the truth was he often failed to notice entirely, and when he did notice he usually failed spectacularly in his attempts at gratitude. John did not seem to mind this, aside from what he interpreted at good natured grumbling, but he began to be worried that perhaps John’s view of their situation was different than his.
He feels John’s curt nod, not truly understanding but accepting. I STILL SHOULDN'T HAVE. I WASN'T. I DIDN'T. John pauses, swallowing something back. IT WAS NOT GOOD OF ME.
At last, though, John is in his favourite place in all of time or space, feeling Sherlock surrounding him, rutting up against him greedily until John is completely buried in his friend. John holds his hips firmly, refusing to let him dictate the tempo. He wants this to last a very long time. He wants to melt every last neuron in Sherlock’s brain before he’s through, obliterate all thoughts of self harm or murder or detection from his head for at least twelve hours.
“Well, I think you might… have it,” John tells him, very carefully. Sherlock does not like being diagnosed with things – hence the word “Asperger’s” now being verboten in 221B. That had not been a good day.
Sherlock no longer feels the rising panic and guilt when they are finished, screaming at him that it will go wrong soon, that he has betrayed his principles. He is able to relax, to enjoy the afterglow and bask in John’s arms, to be a little vulnerable, to speak, in rare moments, in a way he has never spoken to anyone before. And his work certainly doesn’t seem to suffer for it.
At last he couldn’t take it anymore. Something could really be wrong. The sun had gone down, and Sherlock was who knew where, possibly in a bad state, drugs still in his system. “You’ll be the death of me,” John muttered. He pulled out his mobile.
Of course it did. This was bad. John thought furiously, but he was out of ideas completely. Maybe this was the wrong box. Or maybe he just didn’t know whatever goddamn thing Sherlock thought he knew. Did they have any in-jokes he hadn’t thought of, something Sherlock would have found amusing to use as a password. Something about getting the milk? About John’s blog?
At some point, he can't take it anymore. It hurts too much. His leg, that is. He gives up and goes rummaging through the hall cupboard.
“You played that a lot more than you realised,” John told him. “I never wanted to forget that night, so I recorded it on my phone when you weren’t paying attention.”
A year passes. It is a bad year. John's limp returns. He quits the surgery, takes cases from Lestrade full time. He is not as good as Sherlock, but it is the only thing he knows how to do anymore, and Lestrade is desperate for the help and guilty about his part in Sherlock’s death. John receives mysterious supplements to his bank account, enough to not worry about rent or getting additional work other than the meagre fees from Scotland Yard. He knows it is Mycroft, but refuses to see him.
He looks up from the papers at Sherlock, pleasantly surprised, and he smiles in the way that gives him fairy-light crinkles around his eyes and Sherlock actual gooseflesh at the approval. “That was… good.” He reaches out to touch Sherlock’s arm, but halts suddenly and examines Sherlock with a mix of confusion and suspicion.
“I’ll take you as far as Eyemouth, Dr. Watson,” he says, barely out of breath after more than a half hour of rowing without a break. “You can catch the first bus into Dunbar and the train up from there. I don’t imagine anyone nasty would be expecting you to turn up that far north?”
“Nothing mysterious about the cause of death here,” Sherlock proclaims, skirting the pool of blood around the body. “Unless you disagree, Doctor?”
Not sure whether to feel morose and abandoned, afraid for both of them, or thrilled his friend was alive, John made his way slowly back home via two busses, three planes, and a taxi. The flat was dark and empty when he got in, and he had rarely felt lonelier. He wished he could tell someone, anyone, about Sherlock but he knew even confiding in Sarah was risky. He was exhausted but couldn’t bring himself to go to bed just yet. He put the kettle on and opened his laptop wearily.
She shrugs carelessly. “I am sorry that your friend was not what he appeared to be. He fooled us all.  It must be very humiliating for you.”
John jumps to his feet in frustration and Sherlock can picture him clenching his fists at his sides so as to not say something he'll regret. "How about Molly?" he asks after a few seconds. "Can Molly know?"
“N-no… you said to leave them out of it, so I just called you straight away. I’ve been away for a couple of days, thought a little holiday might help my—”
John sets his jaw. “No reason at all,” he grumbles, and goes into the kitchen for a glass of cold water. He runs his fingers through his hair and makes himself dissipate the flash of anger that is building.
It had started the day John asked him to be his best man. They’d been walking on eggshells around each other since his return, since the terrorism case, no longer sure how exactly to relate to one another and certainly not willing to talk about it anymore. Sherlock was faintly surprised and almost pathetically relieved whenever John turned up, and tried not to show it. He had been so shocked when John broke the unspoken armistice regarding feelings talk he’d iced over completely for a full minute.
They pause outside the door. “Ready?” John whispers, and Sherlock nods, poised near the opening. John kicks the door in, and Sherlock springs forward, gun drawn, ready for his opponent. John follows and checks behind the door, but the room is empty save for several monitors connected to security cameras placed inside the house and around the grounds.
A week passes and there is still nothing to connect Sterling to the victim, other than that a few of her acquaintances may have frequented his shop. But most everyone in that neighbourhood had. Despite a considerable amount of legwork on Sherlock and John’s part and the best research by the Yard, they are as lost as they were seven days ago.
John's good at this. Sherlock can feel the tension he's been carrying there start to melt away under John's sure touch.
John hides an indulgent smile and follows, pausing to tamp down the fire and collect several tea mugs and other bits of detritus that have collected over the course of the day.
Sherlock snorts. “Oh yes, lovely. He’s lied to her extensively, lost their life savings gambling, put himself in hock to dangerous criminals, endangered her and her children through his folly, and left them on the brink of financial ruin that will take years to recover from. But she welcomes him back with kisses and tender words because she
“Dull,” Sherlock lies. He stumbles into the sitting room and John finally gets a good look at him. He’s in his dressing gown, hair a tangle, eyes bloodshot, twitching.
Sherlock reaches up and runs a finger across his cheek. It's as smooth as anyone's ever got it before. And not a nick on him.
"What I'm saying is that you can either accept the fact that I will always like woman and respect it, respect the power of it, or not. But either way, you do not get to ask me to act like a slag and then punish me for it. In fact, you don't get to ask me to act like a slag at all, just because of how I've been in the past. Particularly when I don't even know why I'm doing it! You have to give me something, Sherlock. Either trust me with information, or trust that I’m not going to betray you. Preferably both."
He clears his throat and begins, and it feels like his voice is coming from someone else, somewhere else. “It was a rescue mission. Two men from my platoon had gone missing on a routine patrol. We split up. We shouldn’t have but we were getting desperate, so we spread out to cover more ground. I climbed over a steep ridge, following a game trail down into another little valley, hoping to find any sign of them.”
John knows why Sherlock needs this, but is still hesitant. "Sherlock, I've never used a straight razor before, much less on someone else. I might hurt you."
John reins himself in and does as he's asked. She's still trying to seduce Sherlock, and John's still fuming, but Sherlock is off in another world. Something about John's answer sparked a new train of thought and he's lost to both of them now, probably for some time, wandering into the sitting room and picking at his violin.
Sherlock subsides. “It’s most likely she’ll be in the warehouse, with the advance guard, making sure everything is secure before the lorry arrives. I’ll take care of her.”
“Think carefully, Mr. Holmes. Do you really want to die in disgrace? Do you really want to watch me put Dr. Watson through what I’ve just put you through? All for the sake of…what? Seeing me in jail? Having a little less international crime for a few years? Revenge on a dead man? I know you’re prideful, but are you really that arrogant? There may yet be a way for both you and your companion to escape with your lives and perhaps even your reputations. I know Dr. Watson is very devoted to you, but I don’t think even he would want you to gamble his life for the sake of proving your innocence and destroying me.”
"John, I'm sorry." He spreads his hands. "I owe you a thousand apologies." The words do not come easily to him, but he does mean them.
It doesn’t help that Ms. Adler is one of the finest specimens of the female form he’s ever seen – and he’s seen a statistically significant sample. From her perfectly coiffed hair to her carmine lips to her flawless skin and breasts and hips and more, she is sex embodied, whispering and screaming at him, and John’s body is, unfortunately, listening. He shifts and futilely tries to will away any sign of interest or arousal, cursing his still-extant susceptibility to the fairer gender.
This only seemed to make Sherlock more agitated. He tapped his fingers against his thigh, faster and faster. He took a gulp of air.
Everything was still for a moment, and then suddenly John coughed, bringing up more water. Sherlock felt a pulse spring to life under his hands. His own heart, which seemed to have stopped for as long as John’s had, began to beat again. “John, can you hear me?” Sherlock asked, putting a hand under his friend’s head. He wasn’t sure how long John had gone without oxygen – hopefully not long enough for brain damage. It had felt like hours.
Mycroft is silent for a long period. “Would it surprise you to know that the only period of Sherlock’s adult life in which he has been entirely free of chemical aid has been the past two months? After your serial killer case. And his use before that, after meeting you, was at a record low.”
“Mary Boswick, 58, of Enfield. School teacher. Absolutely nothing out of the ordinary or suspicious about her existence. She appears to have been chosen at random.”
They go on this way for two months after the trial. John is happy and content. He almost forgets about Moriarty, convincing himself that the criminal has lost interest or at least is a long way off. His relationship with Sherlock may not be what anyone would consider normal, but he wants no more. Sherlock doesn’t work emotionally the way most people do, and the feelings he does have he doesn’t express well or at all. But John doesn’t need him to.
“I see,” Sherlock says quietly, at last, and John can tell from the tightening of fingers on his shoulder, almost painful, that Sherlock does. At least as much as anyone can.
Molly jumps to her feet, pink with rage and plants herself in front of him. “You didn’t see him,” she screams. He steps back involuntarily, as she restrains herself – no less furious but quieter. “You were so pleased with yourself, with your little plan, that you didn’t think what it would really mean, did you? Or didn't let yourself think it. Meanwhile, I get to deal with the mess you made. You didn’t have to see him. You didn't have to hear him. The sound he made...”
Sherlock strips John of trousers and pants efficiently, leaving him naked and quivering beneath the detective’s unflinching gaze. Pulsing with the need for relief, John reaches down to touch himself, but Sherlock bats his hand away with a hiss. “No. Stay!” he commands, bending down to take John in his mouth.
“Oi!” John yelps and scrambles to cover himself with the washcloth. Sherlock looks confused by his reaction for a moment, then it sinks in that John is naked and perhaps sticking his head into the bath is not entirely appropriate. “Sherlock! Not good!”
Sherlock shakes his head and smiles knowingly at John. “Tell me, why would a paper company have an unmarked, reinforced door that requires a badge to get through?”
Before Sherlock can reply, the sound of Rosie stirring drifts into the hall. John’s on his feet instantly. Sherlock gets up as well and turns to go downstairs, not wanting to intrude. Before he get far, John grabs the edge of his sleeve and motions for Sherlock to follow him into the room.
“You know, we would have been here sooner if you’d called us,” Lestrade thunders. “Like you’re supposed to. I know you think you’re God’s gift to—”
Sherlock tilts his head. "Love...has always been a difficult concept for me to grasp. So often it seems to be the opposite of what you describe. And I've never trusted emotions."
To her credit, Ms. Mihov barely blinks when he’s there to greet her as she disembarks from her ship. For an instant she rises on the balls of her feet like she's going to flee, but then changes her mind and walks boldly up to him.
looks exactly like the kind of dive one would expect, half underground in a draughty, thick-walled stone building in poor repair, unlike the well-maintained tourist-ready fortifications in other parts of the city. He watches for a good thirty minutes, assessing the kind of people who come and go and from which entrance. Some stay a very short time only - clearly goods or information are exchanged here. Perfect.
John smiled despite himself. “You’d better be,” he said, reading the lines over and over. It couldn’t be soon enough.
They find breakfast in the form of greasy egg sandwiches at a cafe not too far from the hospital. On the way Sherlock practices using John as a guide to navigating the street traffic, and judging air currents and paving stone vibrations to determine the distance and number of other pedestrians.
He lingers with the dregs of his tea until long after midnight, avoiding sleep. He’d got used to the dreams of war which he was sure now would never fade entirely, but now there were new dreams, more vivid, more heart-wrenching.
But Moriarty returns, as they knew he would. John doesn't realize it at the time, but slowly Moriarty’s poison infects their lives, and before John can even grasp what is happening, his world with Sherlock is narrowed down to a string of last times, whittled away little by little. Looking back, he can see that Sherlock knew, or at least suspected, how it would end the entire time, can read the dread in him retrospectively. What he had interpreted as focus, as the normal distraction of a case, the disengaging from John, was really an attempt to hide what he knew was inevitable, to prevent John from putting up a fight until it was too late.
Sherlock manages to pick up on his tone and backpedals. “That’s not what I… I just meant I know you’re not like that…”
He’s a man in mourning, who doesn’t know how to mourn, and John doesn’t know how to teach him. Isn’t sure he wants to.
Sherlock sets his jaw grimly and clambers to his feet. Gently, he hoists John in his arms and carries him, a little unsteadily, down the stairs, depositing him on the sofa.
When the time finally comes, much later that night after both men have acclimated themselves to the sudden lack of boundaries and the reciprocal desire of the other, John feels like he has live current running through him. He had expected Sherlock to be wild, rough even, aggressive from long-restrained desire; he is prepared for that. What John does not expect is the hesitant but determined Sherlock, a little unsure of himself, still somewhat convinced this is all an illusion and one false move will make it vanish.
“Of course I am,” Sherlock informs him. “Now, call Lestrade and tell him all he has to do to catch him is to have someone with a collection of historical family photos advertise for help in digitizing their collection. Our thief won’t be able to resist getting to them first!”
Sherlock nods curtly. He takes a step towards John, almost flinching at the charge and heat that surround them both, and wonders if this part of what the drug is doing to him now. He puts his hands on John's shoulders and they tingle.
"Nothing. I mean... you haven't seen my cane have you? I'm sure I put it away in here ages ago, but I can't seem to find it."
“Hello, Mr. Bryant,” Sherlock answers in a sickly cheerful voice. “Oh dear, you don’t say, how awful, be right over, bye byeee!” Sherlock looks triumphantly at John, who can’t quite hide a smile at his cocky enthusiasm. “Shall we, then?”
He remembers Hanna alluding to Moriarty in passing, but in the same shadowy way pretty much everyone else seemed to. This is getting him nowhere.
That snaps him out of it. "Of course he'll be... wait, not likely to matter? You think I'm not going to survive this, don't you?"
“Ah.” Sherlock turns to go and John returns to his unpacking, feeling bone weary, wanting to just sleep off the emotional exhaustion of the past couple days.
“Trust a Scot to pass a grudge down for nineteen centuries, eh John? Tracing the genealogies of the Italian victims was a rather genius stroke on my part, but you did well, too. I can’t say I expected him to have a second weapon on him.”
Sherlock looks trapped and annoyed, but doesn’t move away. He fidgets, and looks John directly in the eye. “I can’t tell you that Moriarty isn’t capable of instilling in me a sense of my own mortality, vulnerability even, that I am not accustomed to. And perhaps that has…coloured…my actions of late. But I don’t plan on dying any time in the immediate future. I have no doubt he will try to kill me, but I have no intention of allowing him to succeed. In fact, I much prefer it to be the other way round.”
“Sherlock, are you all right?” John asks when they break apart, running his hand through Sherlock’s black curls.
Sherlock spends the time he's not memorising the streets in various uncharismatic drinking establishments, consuming significantly less beer than he makes it appear and answering any attempt at conversation in terse, passable Dutch with a heavy lower-class Parisian accent. It's not hard to discern which of these play host to illicit activities and which merely harbour day-drunk bums.
Sherlock feels himself relax, slowly. It was only the darkness in his own mind preventing him from observing. He had let it wrest control from him, but he wouldn’t repeat that mistake. Satisfied and relieved he turns his attention back to the cat burglar case, and it’s only a matter of minutes before the answer comes to him.
“Yes, I suppose we had,” John replies, with a heavy reluctance. Sherlock had asked this of him a few months ago, to save him from himself in times of great stress. He had informed John out of the blue that he had paid off all the local dealers to keep them from selling to him and that John should search his things when he thought Sherlock was in danger to prevent him from violating his own promise to John.
“Say you’re mine, John,” Sherlock repeats, his hand reaching John’s belt and struggling to get inside his trousers. “Say it.”
But then Sherlock, still apparently lost in her eyes, says, "John, please can you check those flight schedules to see if I'm right?"
They kept their guns trained on him as he crossed the courtyard and made his way towards the truck, shivering. He had almost reached it, when without warning John cocked his rifle and fired, grazing Moran’s shoulder. He yelped and dove for the truck, starting it and peeling out with impressive speed.
John lets out a long breath and digs his fingers into Sherlock's hair, reaching across to rub Sherlock's upper arm as well. Sherlock arches into the caresses like a cat starved for attention. "It's over then. I thought... never scare me like that again, all right?"
Sherlock snorts. “So, the ketamine would have been just an added bonus, then?” he deadpans, and then they both crack up.
John lets out a long breath. “No, love, I don’t think so. We all have to go through it, often many times.”
The pressure starts to build within him, ready to overflow and he doesn't try to stop it. His mind is past thinking, pure bliss racing through his synapses, shorting out dendrites, silencing neurons, demanding his full attention. He arches his pelvis forward, holding John tight to him, and lets it crash through him and into his friend, like falling, like drowning, and then the relief of catching hold of something that saves you. A harsh, guttural noise escapes his lips as he spasms within John, finally stilling and coming back to himself.
“Yes. Impressively different. Different gender, different location, different method… but same type of cleverly subtle but easy to follow evidence. If we trace where the knife was purchased, which will probably be surprisingly simple, and run the fingerprints on the handle, they will almost certainly both lead back to a person with no alibi and nothing whatsoever to do with the victim, but who will fit all the evidence very nearly perfectly.”
He’s just about tear open Sherlock’s shirt with his teeth when he hears the unmistakable click of a gun being cocked.
Mr. Božić went pale. “I had orders to hold it, I promise you! It was ready almost two weeks ago, although it is a very small shipment – I did not expect Mr. Moran to order again so soon.”
“Tedious!” shouts Sherlock. “I really was hoping for a more original motive than ‘I’ll show them’. Very disappointing. A proper genius should have a far more interesting reason to go on a murder spree. You don’t even have the decency to be truly insane and kill people because your alien overlords are telling you to. You’re just a petulant child. Ten points for execution, zero for backstory.”
,” Sherlock says, frustrated at his inability to communicate. “You’re mine and you shouldn’t be hurt. It’s not right. It’s cold and dark when you’re hurt. Like now.”
As for Mycroft, he hadn’t had a word, which was a source of both bitterness and relief. He blamed Mycroft wholeheartedly for Sherlock’s death – there was no else left alive to blame. Mycroft knew it, too. John hoped he blamed himself, hoped he drowned in his own guilt. If he saw the man again…well he didn’t know what he would do, and it was probably best that neither of them found out.
He was being foolish, a momentary lapse in judgement. He’s quite satisfied with life as he’s chosen it, and if he did decide he suddenly needed gratification he certainly would know better than to attempt to get it from his straight best friend. But suppressing any sexual desire has proved to be the simplest path for him since secondary school and he sees no reason why that should change now. The few notable exceptions in the past only proved the rule.
It’s not until the next day, after John’s had some more sleep and cleaned three trays of decaying large intestine and half a dozen dead guinea pigs out of the refrigerator, that he knows what he should do.
“You were testing me!” Sherlock collapsed back onto the floor, a tad more dramatically than necessary
John is aware of a few stares and whispers around them, but not as many as he had feared. Not that it matters. He’s not likely to see any of these people ever again, and attempting to maintain a sane, heterosexual identity around Sherlock has proved to be fruitless. He gives in, and tries not to be too clumsy.
“That’s when it’s scheduled to ship, but I can’t imagine that our friends want to run into whoever is actually supposed to be picking it up. They’ll show up early with all the right clearances and be gone long before the real pick up time.”
John agrees that they should definitely retest everything after this new development but points out a flaw in his plan.
“Of course I will, John.” She grinned ruefully and rubbed the back of her neck. “But better be in a bed this time, otherwise my spine might call a strike!”
"Christ, that's not good. Here, lean on me and we'll try and get a taxi home." John slings Sherlock's arm across his shoulder and helps him hobble towards the nearest main road.
Sherlock is suddenly made aware of the client still sitting on the sofa when the man shifts and coughs uncomfortably.
“Why is Mycroft ever anything?” Sherlock interrupts crossly. “Useless question. Bed for me, I think. Goodnight, John.”
“Are you ready to talk about your case, Mr. Bryant, or would you like to waste more of my time with your theatrics?”
“Yes,” says John. He is afraid of what happens next, but knows he’s going to find out anyway. They have left this too long, and he can’t pretend anymore. He doesn’t even remember why he wanted to pretend in the first place. He does nothing except place his hands very gently on Sherlock’s hips, a gesture not overtly sexual but that could never be considered platonic. “I’m sorry.”
“I know you are,” John tells him, even though it doesn’t always feel that way. He runs his lips over the inside of Sherlock’s arm by way of apology. “I know. Just…this case… it feels wrong. Can you at least promise you’ll be cautious on this one? Please.”
Eventually John falls silent and just holds him, trying to shelter him from his own thoughts as well as he knows how. They are quiet for a long time, not sleeping, not speaking, just being, together but somehow separate.
Sherlock frowned again, running a hand through his curls, fidgeting with them. “I’m not good with…things,” he said vaguely. “I mean to say, there are things I just… I don’t know how to do. I can’t…. I’m not…” He let out an angry noise of frustration. “This is all wrong. I’m saying it wrong.”
"I think that..." he pauses. John doesn't look right. He's flickering and has taken on a defensive posture, his eyes darting around as if expecting danger. "John, how do you feel?"
“Eight weeks along, do you think? Well, it was bound to happen eventually. Did you actually think you were going to all live together in some magical harmonious triad, that you wouldn’t be ultimately excluded from their marriage? That she’d let you hang around forever, mooning after her husband and taking up all his time? It had to end some time, a pregnancy merely expedites that.”
He bolted for the door. “Sherlock, you can’t go out like that – it’s freezing out there!” John protested. Sherlock was still bare-chested, wearing only the scarf and the trousers, which hung off his too-prominent hip bones and still barely reached his calves.
He washes his hands and gathers his jacket and mobile. He stops on his way out the door. "He's going to start talking soon," he informs her. "That will be for me."
“Tell him you’re alive,” John finds himself saying, before he can even can form a proper thought. There’s a note of pleading in his tone and he doesn’t care.
John throws on his dressing gown and heads for the shower, expecting to see Sherlock perched on some piece of furniture, deep in thought. But the rest of the flat is dark and quiet. He calls Sherlock’s name out of habit, but can tell from the stillness the man is gone. He grabs his mobile.
“Yes, John, I know,” Sherlock replies grimly. Then he puts on his brightest false smile. “Ah, Detective Inspector Lestrade, how good of you to finally join us, now that all the excitement is over!”
Together they searched the house for any paperwork Moran had left behind. Sherlock took his laptop and financial records. “This won’t have any information about Moriarty’s people that I don’t already have, but I’ll have Moran bankrupted before he can get out of the country.”
He coughed and carefully typed in: BITNOTGOOD.  The computer chirped happily and the box slid out soundlessly from the wall. John couldn’t help himself – he laughed, a deep laugh from the bottom of his soul, for the first time since he had been parted from Sherlock. “Oh, that’s good,” he said. “I owe you an apology.”
“Mycroft may be a cold-hearted bastard with a twisted way of showing it, but he loves you,” John tells him quietly. “Mrs. Hudson adores you, and Greg was the one who helped you get clean in the first place, before you ever solved a case for him. He cares about you.”
“Well, apparently I should have planned on having you come to my aid all along,” Sherlock said. “Mycroft was dead useless. You’re a one man army, you are.”
Sherlock pauses. "Of course not. We'll track him down. My guess is someone from Baskerville, one of the scientists we pissed off."
"Well, then, I don't see the problem. But you'll have to make the first move, he's far too in awe of you."
But something is wrong. This isn’t making it up to him, this isn’t connection or affirmation. It’s brisk and businesslike and just a little bit cold.
"You can scan my brain whenever you like," Sherlock says earnestly and John gets gratifyingly brighter, like turning up a kerosene lantern. Unfortunately Caroline can't review the results until a little later and Sherlock doesn't want any one else seeing them. "Bad enough she has to," he grumbles and John ignores it.
He goes through the motions of the statement and the funeral mechanically, until he finds himself standing alone in front of the stark headstone, begging Sherlock not to be dead, as if he can hear him, as if he can make it be true. Even after he leaves, goes to his new rooms, unable to bear the thought of returning alone to Baker Street, he continues to plead inside his head. “Please don’t be dead. For me. Please.” It’s like an unceasing prayer, keeping him from breaking down completely, keeping irrational, ridiculous hope alive.
“Hardly,” John laughs stiffly, and decides to just bite the bullet. “Truth is, I’ve got a certain gentleman waiting for me back home, and he’s put a permanent end to my… roving.”
