High above, Sherlock briefly blocks out the crescent moon as he pulls himself over the edge and disappears from view.
“Come, sit at the kitchen table so I can see it in the light. You look pale enough to faint. Not that that’s unusual.”
Sherlock’s face appears at the edge, so close, pale and breathless. He reaches down to him. With a grip like iron, he pulls John out over the well’s mossy lip onto the grass. Taking his weight, Sherlock half-drags him away from the edge. John’s legs have no strength and buckle beneath him. He collapses against Sherlock in a pile of sodden rope.
Sherrin stands so quickly that the tray topples onto the floor, eggs and toast spilling out onto the carpet. Sherlock kneels to scoop it up, his hands shaking and eyes prickling with tears, but Sherrin grabs him by the wrist and hoists him to his feet. Sherlock grimaces from the pain, trying to stay calm.
After a few moments’ long scrutiny, Sherlock moves in close to sniff his hair, his hands, his chest. Sherlock grins because John is always stirred by this bit.
John looks worn, but he has more color in his cheeks. Though it is still alarming to see him so weakened, the brief walk is a marked improvement from the limping, supported shuffle to the loo a few hours ago.
Thank you for your patience! Half of the summer has flown by in a whirlwind that has kept me far from my computer, as it has a tendency to do. Please know that this chapter briefly deals with the fear of drowning. It does not end in quite as harrowing a cliff-hanger as the last one.
“Did your boss do this to you?” Sherlock blusters, picturing dark suits swarming him in his lab. Sherrin laughs bitterly.
On Sherlock’s next circuit around the room, fingers jittering at his sides, eyes flashing, John puts all of his own barely-repressed nerves to use and tackles him into a fierce embrace, pushing him against the wall and holding him tight.
Sherlock watches, bemused, as their golem-sized guard gives John a salute, then turns and shuts the door, melting back into Baker Street.
But it’s clear they’re worse for wear. John looks worn out from the strain of the day, not to mention having only woken from his drugged sleep two days prior. And Sherlock himself is as peaky as a recent gunshot victim could be expected to look after a month of convalescence.
“Take care of yourself, too. At least, try to.” She pads away quietly across the carpet, picks up Mycroft’s umbrella, and hurries down the stairs.
Sherlock meets John’s eyes and feels a kind of pulse. The good doctor, he notices, does not correct them.
Sherlock stepped off the bank into the shallow pond, the muddy bottom sucking at his tall, black wellies as he stepped with care toward his daughter. A light spring rain pattered on their raincoats, bright flashes of yellow in the gray afternoon light.
. Where I would find him. And, in the miniscule chance that you ever get away, I feel obligated to tell you now that no place will ever be safe for you again. You will spend your life looking over your shoulder and living in the shadows because you had the
The club song (not sorry in any way, shape, or form): "Monster" - Kanye West - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kWuOUijAbc
His first assignment had been a serial arsonist that decided one day to burn down a church during mass, but caught the Sunday school class in its stead. Ten children were burned alive, along with their young teacher, and eight survived, coming into the clinic with burn injuries. John remembers treating one of the kids, a girl around eight, and seeing her skin burnt and boiling as it bubbled over raw bloody tissue.
He’s on his knees. When did he fall? He wants to be sick, his stomach rebelling against his body, churning poisonous hot bile that threatens to rise in his throat. His head feels heavy and flat, void of rationality, muddling through the tangle of trying to function. His body is sluggish, slow in movement and slower in thought.
John's hand gently slides up his wrist. His touch is like a pianist lingering over their keys before they begin a sonata.
He had at least expected the boy to quiver at the sight of the gun. He stared John in the eyes.  John knew that gaze well enough to know that this kid had seen death and he was not afraid. This boy had mettle.
Sherlock followed the thinning smoke to it, banging his knees against the hot iron of the industrial stairs and sending a long cut along his arm as his sleeve snagged the corner of a machine. He stared out of the smashed window at the imprint Mikheia's body had left in the bushes beneath him as he tucked and rolled through the impact.
“You ran all the way to the radio room, turned it on, and managed to connect with your brother? Mycroft, all the way out in
Lestrade is ripping open a nicotine patch and slapping it on his arm beside its twin as Sherlock stands in the threshold.
The ground is wet, gravel and mud mingling together in a murky state. He’s careful to avoid the puddles. Too obvious. Too dangerous. Nachash probably knows they’re here anyways.
I look over at him, typing away at his laptop with the speed and dexterity of my great-aunt. He glances back at me and smiles. There’s still so much unsaid—so much mire to wade through together, but at least we are together, and not apart. Neither of us has it within our constitutions to survive it again, and if he died, I wouldn’t be far behind, but that doesn’t mean we don’t argue about me using the last of the milk as a culture again or that everything is perfect and we just need a white picket fence as the bow on our model life. Sometimes he’ll go away from me, and I will bring him back. Sometimes I’ll barricade myself in my cellar, and he will trudge through the howling wind and salty rain to come down the stairs, hold out his hand amid the floating fire, and lead me back home.
"Why, so he can do your bidding again, like some attack dog on a leash? And we can be beholden to you and your twisted generosity for another decade?" He snarled, his mind tangled and knotted in the black emotional undertow that John had left in his wake. "I'm tired of him running away. I'm tired of you sticking your nose where it doesn't belong. I want to...I want...I want..."
. "There's a security camera, in the corner above my right ear, so keep your eyes on me." The man's eyes start to move to the camera but Sherlock banged his hand on the table. "Eyes. On. Me." He hissed at the startled contact.
The stock that he had gotten from Olympia had been strong, heady. John could never come up with the words to describe the feeling – ridiculous, seeing as he was the writer between them – but it was a very potent, very fortified fine wine, dark and rich, and going immediately to their heads. It was more than an indulgence, it was euphoric, it was life, it was everything at is purest, and it felt
"Your—your parcel, it is there—" She pointed to the counter and John marvelled at her dedication. Whatever it was, it must be important, otherwise—
Sorry for reposting this! I tried to delete a chapter - ONE chapter - and I accidentally deleted the entire thing. Oh well. Thank you to everyone who previously commented, bookmarked and,/or kudos'd! That love is what keeps this thing going!
The two look at each other and Sherlock sees an unspoken knowledge pass between them. An agreement of something they won’t mention.
“What are you doing?” Sherlock snarls, grabbing at the books Harry seems intent on shoving onto the floor.
"'Nervous about meeting M'…" He mutters, tapping at the words as if it will enlighten him. In his other hand, he fiddles with the ring, running his thumb over the smooth stone. Maybe M would know what this ring meant.
Sherlock smiled, watching him disappear into the crowd. John was well-suited to the task, possessing certain charms that he lacked, gregarious when it suited him, friendly without seeming disingenuous. The perfect complement, his equal, perhaps not in sheer intellect, but in other ways. Though he might not admit it, John was smarter than he in some areas; moral fortitude; self-control; matters of the heart.
He looked up and froze. The muted morning light that had escaped the improvised curtains was leaking through, and Sherlock was standing in the middle of the room beneath it, hands folded neatly behind his back, head tilted up. A strange expression had appeared on his face, the ecstasy of the angels looking heavenward.
"Yes, I called him before you arrived because I was worried. It was the first time we had talked in nearly two years, since I called him in Shanghai for clean food. I asked him if he knew where you were, he said he didn't, and I told him to keep you in Bruges if he could, so you wouldn't run into any trouble. I called him out of a blind despondency to ask that he keep you secure, and he took that to mean that as long as you didn't physically leave Bruges then anything could happen to you inside and he wouldn't stop it."
Sherlock’s muscles burn pleasantly – they’ve really sat around the flat far too much of late – and his thoughts start to drift. The walk has woken the old rambler in him and he muses about acquiring one of those backpack contraptions for lugging babies about; weekend walks as a sort of…
The front door bangs shut. Sherlock turns and fixes John with a sheepish look, hands jammed deep into the pockets of his dressing gown.
John grips him back. “You’ve really thought this over. But what’s happened? Since when are you the baby-wanting type?”
Sherlock froze. This was unprecedented. Lucid dreams did not resist. He strode over to John, feeling pained when the man flinched back. “It’s alright, I just want to test something. Do you know the game
“To be perfectly honest, until I met you, each time I dashed down some alley after a thief or tracked down a murderer, I would hear his voice in my mind. But I didn’t care. Because there was only myself to lose. And then,
He’s just turned off the heat to the cream sauce when the soft tone chimes in his ear. For an instant, all of his nerves fire, but he breathes long and deep, controlling it. He thinks back briefly to when he had stood before Mangusson’s security camera, audacious and high on the thrill, the game of it, proving to Sherlock he could not be left behind.
A dull, horrible fist of anxiety sinks into Sherlock’s solar plexus. This video could have been the last recorded moment he had of John. Of John
“Mary, I can explain, well, no, actually I can’t. Something… something terrible happened. To Sherlock. I’m at Bart’s. He’s been shot.”
“Oh, come now, this is just a hazard to my interests,” John scolds, tugging one of Mrs. Hudson’s frilly aprons off the hook and, brushing a kiss on Sherlock’s shoulder, tying it around his waist.
“No no, they found survivors that had been living in a Northumberland church for a hundred years. They’ve been introducing them to apiaries around the country. A city hive must have them. I’ve never seen one – see how their banding is so much darker?”
Over the rim of the basket, two very large, very dark eyes scrutinized them. John gasped as he realized his mistake – not
“Oh, we know.” She rolls her eyes. “The moment you got cold feet, progress completely floundered.” She crosses her arms, looking bored. “Sorry, Sherlock, there’s no lounging away your summer holiday reading chemistry and writing smut to boys. We need you back to finish what you began.”
They’re well into the seventeenth round. John is starting to fall asleep sitting up. He stretches, his legs propped up on the bed, shoes off, Sherlock rubbing them absently where he lies sprawled on the mattress upside down, his own sock feet resting on the wall. Their questions hardly make sense anymore; twice the tension has dissolved into exhausted, hysterical laughter, especially when Sherlock tried having him guess
Sherlock, still leaning over him with one hand cupping his head, the other moving to his pulse, stares into his face reading micro muscle movements, pupil dilation, pulse rate, then sighs just as John exhales.
me!” he shouted, immediately regretting the outburst as his voice was swallowed up by the dense forest.
“Oh, not at all, John, she’s a love. I’m just glad you two have a chance to do a bit of gallivanting.”
She bites her lip and nods. Sherlock turns abruptly. He runs to the service lift to intercept the car Mycroft has sent to spirit him away.
“Don’t worry about Sherlock, I’m sure he’s just been lost in his research. What with the new job at the apiary, he’s up all hours again. It’s a bit of a comfort, I admit, seeing him so immersed in something.” He glances upstairs. “Actually, I’m glad you caught me alone. I’ve been wanting to talk to you about something. Please keep it quiet.”
So maybe he knows. But he’ll be damned if he’s going to get lured into such risky territory, even with Sherrin.
Sherlock sips the cold tea, feeling warmed by John’s care as he bustles around the room bare-chested, towel about his waist, hair mussed. He brings Sherlock’s laptop and paperwork to the bed and sets his mobile into his hand with a small grin.
With a jolt, he remembered that Jonas wouldn’t be going home to his parents that night, nor any night after. His throat felt tight. Nothing made sense.
“Yes,” he grins at his feet. “Quite so. We have a lot to tell you about. Will you stay for a bit? I’ll help you gather up what you need – it must be all over the flat…”
“You should know,” he says in a rush, “my landlady gives me a remarkably favorable rate. Between the two of us, we could cover it handily, even on your pension. I play the violin when I think, argue with myself, sometimes don’t talk for days on end, generally utterly disagreeable to be around–”
Sherlock gripped John’s hand, offering comfort and understanding freely, and John was struck by how much Sherlock had changed, how much his entire world had changed.
“Mr. Holmes,” she sniffed, pulling out a small bottle of nasal spray from the topmost drawer. “I trust you know why it is I have called you here?”
John’s movement caught Sherlock’s eye, as he had immediately returned his attention back to the microscope after the Omega’s last comment, and he raised his head up sharply. A fleeting look of concern lit upon his face, but it was gone almost as soon as it began. The Alpha straightened and cleared his throat, obviously wanting John’s attention.
“So you see, it’s all up to you now. You have to fix this for me.” He stood by the edge of the pool, head bobbing on the thin line of his neck. Behind him, the water lapped and slapped against the concrete, spilling upon his shoes. He smiled softly, wickedly, before he fell backwards in one swoop, one grand arc that ended in noiseless splash and water as calm as a midnight pond in the countryside.
The bells alarming in his head (sounding not unlike Big Ben, but ever so more alarming) urged him to find his nest and protect himself, then wait, wait for his mate, his chosen Alpha, to come.
Dr. Barrymore paused for moment, his face pompous and knowing, before turning a corner into another whitewashed hallway. “I don’t think that would be wise. The procedure is delicate and even one slight misstep could cause irreparable damage to his nervous system.”
Sherlock’s mouth twitched, then he rifled through the papers, spreading then all out one by one, till each glinting surface of the brushed metal table was covered.
). On the outside of the orange half there was printed ‘WMM 50’ in blue lettering. Other than that it appeared rather innocuous. He squirreled it away in the front left pocket of his trousers, thanking the young man.
” Moran exclaimed without warning - throwing down his cards and standing up from his chair so swiftly the thing wobbled and fell to the side in a clatter of cheap aluminium. He made haste to the screens, moving with a strength and swiftness that conveyed years of military service and taking in the feed of one ‘scrawny little Omega’ putting down his guard with frightening efficiency.
They locked eyes, one pair anguished and slowly losing their light, the other pair heartbroken and devastated. John couldn’t speak, the lump in his throat was sudden and fierce, painful, but he cried. None of the other men noticed as John slowly whimpered onto the ground, each tear dissolving and blending with the raindrops that slid effortlessly down his face.
John half-smiled and released a quiet little huff of laughter. He quite liked Marcus’ odd little way of speaking, sometimes in the third person, sometimes a jumble of first and third. When John first met him, dirtied, confused, and alone under the bridge, he realized that to him, it was part of his charm. It made the large man appear so desperately innocent (which couldn’t be further from the truth). The blond had taken him under his wing, helped fix him up, and the man had been devoted ever since.
The morning dawned bright, crisp, and surprisingly clear for January in central London. John went through the motions of making tea, pouring the water from the kettle, letting the tea bag steep to perfection, but it was all muscle memory. His heart wasn’t in it, and his head was miles away, focusing on the near future and the funeral he and his new bond-mate arranged merely a week ago.
“How exactly do you do it?” Scientists and Tower Specialists had been trying for decades to develop treatments such as this, to very little success; he
It couldn’t have been more different from what he’d seen thus far. The floor was a polished walnut, scuffed and well-worn, and the massive desk in the center was surrounded by shelves brimming with books upon books, and several colossal autobiographies of Margaret Thatcher (of all people).
He peered surreptitiously through the small windows situated in the wooden double doors that allowed entrance to the morgue. The inside was familiar, cold lockers, metal tables, and a wild madman flitting about with his hands in the air and a small, demure looking woman watching him with rapt and undivided attention.
He fought against the scent, though it was difficult. It bled into his brain, filling it with melancholy and hopelessness. Sherlock lurched towards the church and threw the doors open.
He was smitten. He was taken with this man. Even after everything that had just happened; his duplicitous heart had latched onto the one person John knew he could probably never have.
In the doorway stood a tall man, taller than Sherlock himself, currently leaning slightly to the left and resting his weight on a long and sturdy umbrella. The family resemblance was only minor (different mother or father perhaps?) but John could tell the relation if only from the waves of money and privilege that exuded from his slender frame. His suit was obviously bespoke, as was Sherlock’s of course, and even his well fitted and shined shoes seemed made for the man. However, whereas Sherlock’s face exemplified a kind of exotic, ethereal beauty, this man appeared hawkish and calculating. John found he didn’t much like him at all.
He sighed, letting his breath come out in a low groan until it evolved into a roar of complete frustration and misery.
“You had an anaphylactic response to the initial donor’s tissue and we had to rethink the entire procedure.”
She hummed a noise of assent, twisting the straight needle into the vacutainer, readying for the blood draw. The alcohol wipe was cold against the inner crook of John’s elbow.
After a long few moments the door opened and a man, relatively short by modern English standards, came through, looking harried and dishevelled. His name badge clung tenaciously to a white lab coat and he moved forward, introducing himself with little aplomb.
He placed two fingers between his eyebrows and sighed inwardly (and if one was very observant, maybe even a bit sadly) and alerted his driver, he was going to need some extra time to speak with his idiot brother.
“Get out of that bed right now!” A firm slap to the shiny leather of his swanky shoes also elicited no response.
,” he moaned, mouthing an unknown word or two in silence before pulling his cock three or so times, losing himself with each upward motion, “
his little brother going under the knife yet again, John could afford to be patient and understanding.
, the sky at night was a glorious wonder to behold. Stars upon stars upon stars, John had laid awake on numerous occasions with James just learning the names of all the constellations he could see, certain that he would never be able to remember them. He supposed he might never find out now.
Lestrade sighed, attaching the radio on his belt and checking the bullet proof vests both men wore for protection one last time.
throughout John’s pelvis finally reached its peak, his growing orgasm was becoming too much to hold back or ignore.
of ways for one to start a new relationship, John realized). There was no case on now, no study, no dead bodies. It was just Sherlock and John, as it was meant to be.
John ran a hand over his face, feeling the scrape of his palm over the tip of his nose. He was treading a fine line here, one moment from giving all this madness away.
Raz licked his lips, smoothed the front of his ruffled hoodie, then quickly turned tail and ran away as fast as his spindly legs could take him.
Sebastian Moran’s head tilted backwards, gently, as if someone just swapped him on the forehead in a loving gesture. Then, he collapsed upon himself and fell to the ground in a heap of flesh and bone.
For all John could tell from his scent, Marcus was an Alpha, but his injuries must have altered that as well. The normal Alpha bravado and aggression simply was not present in this quiet, gentle man. In fact, the
When John had finally gathered up enough courage to leave the upstairs room, he found only Mycroft, silent and rigid, sitting in Sherlock’s chair and staring quite avidly into the empty fireplace. It became clear, quite quickly, that he refused to discuss the incident, and would reject any attempts at bringing it up in the near future as well. The Omega had no choice but to swallow his reservations and move forward with the plan.
John nodded and moved towards the door before pausing to glance back at Mr. Homes, as if he were an afterthought. "Go ahead and take a seat, I'll only be a moment."
Sherlock, having sensed John’s hesitation, immediately looked up from his equipment, catching John’s rattled expression; it didn’t take much deducing to understand what was going through the Omega’s thoughts right now.
But, like many things when one is a member of Her Majesty’s military, he was not allowed to sit still and die. A decision was made for him, whether he agreed with it or not. Louis and Harry clutched the sides of their helms, listening to the rapid, audio correspondence that was naught more than a buzzing of static in John’s ear (Mary’s grin radiant and wide in her face, teeth straight and beautiful, eyes squinting shut with the force of her resplendent smile). Then they moved, each burly man grasping one of John’s arms, clutching at the base of the shoulders and dragging the man bodily away from his deceased love.
- the burns were another issue altogether. His legs and lower torso smouldered and stank like charred pork tainted with melted plastic.
After all John had been though today, after everything, how dare he just assume it was his fault their plan had gone all pear-shaped? Of course they didn’t know what had happened, they didn’t know about Dr. Wilkes -
You don’t know anything about him, you barely know anything about me or how he and I…he is just my friend Sherlock, nothing more. He never has shown any kind of behavior like this before.
His arms twitched as he moved to close them over his gaunt chest, over his gunshot wound, keenly aware of the sharp jut of each rib and the concavity of his abdomen.
His attackers moved around him, footsteps splashing through dirty street water, muttering to each other. But John couldn’t pay attention; he was focussed on his friend. It didn’t matter that this was how it ended, with Marcus flat on his back and John on his belly, both suffering and heartsick. He would try to make this better.
“I told you not to get involved.” The other Alpha inspected a standard plastic chair placed next to one of the tables, running a long finger across the seat with a raised eyebrow. Apparently, it passed muster, because he sat, umbrella resting at his side and one long leg neatly folded over the other.
He could hear muffled voices emanating from down the hall, even through the thick white door – it seemed the dear Doctors were still having a bit of trouble. With curiosity piqued, he stood back up from the chair, running his hands absently over his thighs. The Omega stepped quietly towards the door, an outstretched hand in front of him, trying to be as silent as possible.  The room itself didn’t seem to be frequented very often, but he couldn’t be too careful.
Mycroft Holmes’ unctuous, public school tone resonated from the doorway to the kitchen. Sherlock stiffened, his fervent nestling ceasing abruptly, the low growling from his chest stuttering in its cadence.
With a swallow, John slowly brought his head round, opening his reddened eyes to finally take in the woman who’d orchestrated all of this. She looked much the same: perfect, distinctive, untouchable, eyes glinting with depthless intelligence and shrewdness. If she and Sherlock were to ever get together, they’d be quite the pair –
John fidgeted slightly, and crossed his hands in front of him, trying something…anything, to keep some amount of conversation going. Sherlock was difficult to talk to at best, and John knew next to nothing about the perplexing Alpha.
John, face pale and wan, took a step back and bumped into the metal table behind him. His eyes were still glued to the static on the screen. It wasn’t that the video was terribly frightening; he had seen and lived through much worse (he was an army doctor after all), it was the fact that when all was said and done, he had somehow managed to recognize the young woman on the video.
John pulled on his jumper, unable to shake a certain sense of foreboding. His mind flew back to the iPhone lying on the bed next to him. He was suddenly very, very thankful that the phone could only record sound; though, thoughts of what that abhorrent man said flew through his mind with unease. There would be questions, and John would not lie.
He threw the manila folder back onto the table, the papers and photos inside shifting and falling haphazardly upon the floor. John didn’t give a damn. He had spent a terribly painful afternoon getting assaulted, only to be (let’s face it) kidnapped, and then told he was to be used as some kind of spy bait in a rather clandestine murder investigation.
In the diffuse lamplight, Lestrade’s salt and pepper hair glinted dully, but he was in his element. It showed in the readied stance (hands flexed but loose around his radio and gun) and the gruff cast of his voice as he issued his orders.
She prattled on, gathering tubes, needles, and other supplies while John only half-listened. He wasn’t interested in learning more about that monster, and he fully planned on pressing charges once the case was over. It wouldn’t be surprising to him at all if he wasn’t the first Omega Dr. Wilkes had done this to; but if John could help it, he would certainly be one of the last. Even if he had nothing to do with the deaths (which was doubtful), John would see him prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
. You and I can…we can…we can get whatever we want, whomever we want. You could - you could have your Sherlock, if you would just join me.”
I constantly stress over my writing style and I have finally figured it out: Simple past narration with perfect and progressive elements. Thank you Purdue!!!!
Sherlock flushed, looking chagrined and caught out in equal measure. His fingers flapped uselessly behind him while he stepped away and began to pace, adding to the line of faded threads already present in one straight swathe on the rug.
“Is it?” It took all his not inconsiderable self-control to remain blank-faced and calm under the barrage of sensory input practically oozing from the man now stood before him.
He breathed in, “Look, I’ll tell you everything that happened. I want to help, I really do. I don’t know what went wrong with the mobile, but I still have a brain and while I know both you and your brother are fairly certain I’m an idiot, I can still make and store memories, yeah?”
Then, as if adding insult to injury, John caught the scent of the man. All his life he had had to deal with Alpha pheromones in all their varied glory. He met a man once who smelled pleasantly of chocolate orange, but this man would never have a scent so commonplace. The fragrance that abruptly caressed John’s senses smelled of wood smoke, pipe tobacco, and the spine of old, old books. John had never smelled anything so understated, yet undeniably distracting in his life.
“We need to go over each and every one, in detail. Molly,” he snapped, startling the woman and kicking her neurons back on-line, “Slight change of plan. I need to you to continue the analysis of the Lipsyl on the cigarette butt, if we’re lucky, if we’re very, very lucky, it might lead us to our killer.”
Christmas came and went, flying by in a whirlwind of tinsel, fairy lights, and Molly's godawful fruitcake. Honestly, the woman was a wonder with dead bodies and forensic science, but someone really needed to tell her to stay away from the edibles.
“Quiet now,” Sherlock admonished, though his eyes only spoke of love and tenderness, “help is coming. You
Dr. Watson slid the flattened (but still quite rugose) pile of papers in his direction, obviously meaning for him to take a look, which he would do, in time.
“Cancer, John. These nodes are riddled with cancerous cells, which means that whatever cancer Jimmy had had already metastasized. When Molly ran the tumour markers, they featured heavily in Human Chorionic Gonadotropin, also known as HCG. Most cancers stemming from germ cells, ovarian or testicular cancers, release this hormone in mass quantities giving us a -”
John took in a long, almost bracing, breath before rubbing one hand along his jaw. He looked exhausted suddenly, and resigned, almost as if Mycroft's query was somehow expected.
John knew for a fact that if Mycroft Holmes had deigned to travel all the way from London to the Cottage, he most certainly was not lost (one did not get lost in a place such as the Cottage annex), but he took a kind of sordid satisfaction in seeing the man's haughty expression tighten ever so slightly.
Of course, it would be John’s guilt and sense of medical integrity that would get him in the end, of
Groggily and wretched, he glanced at his wrists, and then down towards his feet, taking in the fuzzy felted velcro restraints securely fastened at his joints.
Faintly, he could hear voices up on the second level, high-pitched, feminine, and quite giggly. A small smile found its way onto his lips; Brandy and Julia were home.
Disclaimer: Characters are not mine, I do not make money from this, I do it purely for fun because I like it!
Sherlock paused, his frenetic energy fizzling out almost as soon as it had begun. “Very well then, Dr. Watson, I await your company in the sitting room when you are finished. We have much to discuss.” With that, he inclined his head rather formally and moved down the hallway at a steady pace, finally disappearing through a door adjoining the kitchen.
“He begged, pleaded, appealed to my sense of duty as a Guide, and when that didn’t work...he tried to force himself on me.” John remembered that night quite vividly, Jim’s limpid eyes, the hot breath between them. “He found out the hard way that you can’t really force a soldier to do something they don’t want to do. When all else failed he gave me an ultimatum, his own life. I didn’t think he would do it, but I was wrong again, in the end.”
The Omega backed away, the street was narrow and unkempt, and not exactly the ideal place for trying to hide.
, for once. His life with Marcus, before Sherlock, had been so hard, and so draining, it was nearly impossible not to continue on as that strong latent Omega still stuck under the bridges with the weight of the world on his shoulders. He could take anything, he could take care of anyone, but in the end he’d failed to save the one man who meant more to him than any other at that time.
.” Sherlock continued to stare at the table, lips twitching with emotions only barely held in check, “Don’t you see? Can’t you all see? This is…playing God, this is beyond Formation. This is creating a new gender or-or a new species.”
It was a miserable two days, before the Omega’s next requisite appointment with the study. John, wracked with fever and night sweats, barely ate and only managed a minimal amount of fluids. He sent Marcus to the chemist with what little money they had, prompting him to buy paracetamol and whatever else the chemist recommended for Flu. When the man returned, John gratefully dry swallowed a few pills, eager for relief, and the chance to feel like a human being, if only just.
“No! No. I’m not letting you weasel your way out of this one,” John practically growled, anger clouding his vision. He could feel the blood pounding behind his eyes, making his headache and nausea worse in turns, “you say that I don’t belong to Marcus and then you accost me in your flat, scenting me like…like I’m your bloody
Marcus growled again and tightened his grip on the smaller man. John’s words seemed to have no effect, and he felt a strange, warm and wet sensation on his skin. Marcus had begun to lick, quite frantically, long stripes against the bruised skin along John’s neck.  The feral Alpha released his grips on John’s arms and he grasped the jumper in both of his hammy fists, ripping the fabric as easily as one rips toilet tissue. John’s chest was now exposed, and Marcus began to whimper while he licked, rubbed, and scented the Omega all over his chest and both sides of his neck.
“Do you want that?” He grinned, fumbling with his belt whilst walking away from the man, teasing. He knew the flat wasn’t very big, so he couldn’t keep up this chase for long, but
She rolled the tubes back and forth in the air, gently, letting the blood mix with the khaki coloured gel already present in the cylindrical containers. It appeared she was thinking, maybe lost in her own thoughts, or maybe trying to puzzle out how to respond to John’s query.
You owe him that much if someone finds him in a ditch somewhere tomorrow!” Her eyes flashed, and she pulled her arms in to cross them angrily across her chest. “After all he’s done for you! For
Sherlock, being a man of action and an apex Alpha, was used to control, he was used to fixing things, solving things…but this – this wasn’t fixable. There was no deduction, no magic trick, no dramatic reveal that would bring Marcus back, and his mate was
This location was familiar to Sherlock, and even though he had blocked the Alpha from his mobile (thereby preventing the most convenient means of communication), he didn’t want to take the risk of running into the detective here. He knocked on Julia and Brandy’s door lightly, not entirely sure if they were in or not. He was greeted by Brandy’s bright face and ushered inside with an indulgent smile.
“You really want me to move in with you?” There was a hopeful note to John’s voice that he couldn’t suppress, not even if he tried.
For a moment he fumbled with the simple metal button at the top of John’s fly. Above him, John chuckled momentarily, but that only urged the Alpha further, for the Omega was not supposed to laugh when his mate was to give him pleasure, but only
doing here? You heard Greg, run along.” Sally Donovan moved across the asphalt, inserting herself into their little row with arms crossed angrily over her chest. Her ferrety lover, Anderson, hovered behind her in his forensics onesie, oozing scorn and self-importance.
“Look, you know one of the many things we make sure to document in any post-mortem is the last contents of their stomach. It doesn’t always lead to much, but it’s required. Now…look here…”
“Look,” she continued, taking in John’s exhausted and emaciated form, “I know they’d like to see you but, considering what’s happened…and since you’re not feeling well…why don’t you just head on back home for now. I’ll have them call you if they need to. How’s that sound?”
“You can say that again,” said John, his voice gently breaking through Sherlock’s thoughts. “The puzzles alone are pretty different from the typical miscreant, if you ask me.”
Sherlock squared his jaw, and then touched the mousepad to revive his laptop, before he hammered the return key.
“There’s no one in the lobby,” said Sherlock. The atrium was barely visible through the glass framing the doors, but it looked like it was utterly devoid of activity. “I don’t see anyone. Including security or personnel at the main desk.”
“I’m inclined to believe this is the case, considering you have appeared and a body has disappeared,” said Mycroft, his manner gaining an edge of distaste. “I really must applaud you, therefore, on your ability to convincingly fake your own death while in the field. Considering there was no time to perform an autopsy, you were able to return to England without complications, and then spirit yourself away. And now you’re involved with Sherlock, who is for whatever reason aiding and abetting your deception. You can imagine that the potential charges you could be facing have just become much more severe. Desertion seems obvious. Deserting in the middle of active service. Malingering, potentially, considering you would have had to fake a fatal bullet wound just to get out of Afghanistan. Falsification of records. And then we
“You’ve been in a car accident, Sherlock. Your leg was cut quite badly and you’ve broken a few ribs. Concussion. You’re very lucky to be alive. The doctors say you can go home in a day or two.”
“Dead,” Sherlock says flatly. Mycroft looks down, swallows hard, and gently rests a hand over his own.
He began to register a new sound, a hoarse roar. Downstream, John glimpsed the hulking, shadowy arches of what could only be the London Bridge.
Stomach thrilling with the risk of it, John pads cautiously up the curving steel stairwell to the mezzanine outside Magnusson’s enclosed office. As he edges closer to the doorway, he can hear muffled voices through the thick, opaque glass. Magnusson, Sherlock and… surely not.
Sherlock marveled at the huge, kindly face. “I do not pretend to understand it, good sir, but it is a great pleasure to meet you,” he replied hoarsely. “I’m Sherlock. I was once acquainted with a bridge troll named Omri of the Derwent River. Do you know him?”
The man laughs. And not at him. He extends his hand. “John. Dr. John Watson. Of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers.
He opens the door to the foyer, their kicked-off shoes mingled by the umbrella stand, laundry still half-folded in piles on the sofa. He’d promised to finish it up that night. None of them had come back.
John studies him with a pained look. He stands on tiptoe to kiss him over Lissa’s head, then nuzzles the downy top of the baby’s smooth cranium.
Some retcon here – for new readers, you won't notice anything, except that this chapter is long enough to be two, which is what I should have done originally. :)
In the shadow of the big top was a small, grubby tent striped like a peppermint. Swirling letters on a peeling wooden sign declared the unparalleled abilities of the medium within. Wavering outside its closed flap were two Royal Wall Guardsmen, conspicuous in their dull, off-duty woolens and peaked caps.
“Lies!” it barked and John quailed, shrinking back into its hand. The troll scowled, then sadly shook its huge, curly-maned head. “Sorry. It’s a sore spot, tha’ propaganda. I mean really, lookit here.” The troll opened its cave of a mouth. John glimpsed surprisingly small, square teeth and smelled cinnamon again. The huge mouth eased shut. “Does that look like a mouth that could eat a goat?” it grumbled. “Not a goat, nor a man!” John didn’t argue that he could easily have fit inside with space to spare. “We’re veggytarians, trolls. Just a load of lies.”
“What, ‘Who Am I’? Seriously?’ John eyes him warily, but warms at the notion of Sherlock suggesting they pass the time
John braced for the skull-cracking impact, but suddenly felt weeds tangling around his limbs – no, not weeds. Rope?
Spotting the mugs that had flown from the kitchen earlier, he limped to the hearth and made himself a cup of strong tea, then leaned against the arm of the sofa, watching his patient sleep.
John gives a small groan of exhaustion as, relief waning, he skeptically eyes the slender rope Sherlock used to descend into the well.
He rolls carefully onto his side, finding Sherlock still deeply asleep, his lips lightly parted, eyelids twitching with dream.
he points a finger at Sherlock, pacing around the small hospital room, “I’ll be a wreck. And you can put all of your research to good use when we can’t get the baby to stop crying.”
“Oh. Right. Well, it would be easier to show you what happened than try to explain it in words,” John hemmed, hesitantly brushing his hair from his temple. “Do you think it would work in a dream?”
Bubbles gush from his mouth as his fingers suddenly bump into a short pipe that’s indeed set into the wall just above the floor. He can feel the force of the water surging out of it. Pushing back to the surface, he feels a small triumph: it’s narrow enough to block. When he stands, the water is up to his ribs.
“It was brilliant,” he whispers. “It kept me alive before I met you. And once I met you, it was our foreplay, our sex, if I may be so bold as to apply the metaphor.”
“Very good, Sir,” she said tensely. “But if I may say so, Sir, the moment the freak sees a coptor in pursuit, he’ll scuttle.”
He flops back into the bedclothes, gripping a pillow with a fierce pulse of emotion - something tricky composed of relief, happiness, and anxiety. This is what he’s wanted. For years, he’s ached for it. But he’s also rather gotten used to his state of purgatory, had convinced himself they could coexist side by side and it would be enough.
John sobered. “I’m getting there. Okay. After Toria was crowned, the merfolk were turned away. Ever since, captured halfbloods have been brought here, to London, imprisoned in her abominable secret Lab.” John swallowed hard. “She’s been
He bolts from his chair. Sherrin took almost everything when he relocated to the lab, but Sherlock still has a lot of his original scratchwork in a pile under his bed. He drops to the floor, scrabbling out the rumpled pages, mind racing.
Sherlock stares bitterly at the wax-drip spires of the ridge they’ve just crossed, feeling betrayed by it. They’ve passed the most difficult section, but he longs for a pair of eagles to bear them swiftly back to solid ground and end this total fiasco of an outing.
She continued to stare into the fire, her soft features clouding. “You have been trained by human mages, John Watson, thus you may not take much stock in the messages carried by dreams.”
“Guess I just saved myself the price of a pint,” John muttered. His gaze settled on the small, striped tent. A truly clairvoyant
’ and felt a fierce pulse of pride. Wind buffeted his face. Through watering eyes, he saw Sherlock’s radiant, victorious smile.
John’s stomach ached with guilt. He’d stung the man badly with his runaway worries. Here he was, the first person to show Sherlock any kindness in years, then doubted his every intention.
John muses appreciatively. “Never read the Mabinogion, just a lot of Tolkien. Sounds excellent. Do we have a copy?”
. It sits raw and new and fragile in their trembling hands. He can’t shake the feeling he would get as a child when he’d catch some small, brilliant wild thing and know he had to let go for its own good.
Sherlock’s mobile begins to buzz again. John reaches for it in case it’s Mycroft with news. The phone is on top of his old, worn copy of
Sherlock backs away, monitoring her sleeping form, and bumps solidly into John who has been watching him from the shadowy doorway. John catches him around the middle as he stumbles and they muffle their burst of laughter as Sherlock silently shuts the door behind them. They walk slowly back to the stairwell, John sliding an arm around his waist.
Not maiden young, but perhaps fifty instead of the seventy or more she’d seemed when they’d limped onto her doorstep that morning.
A flush of giddy desire swells through him, quickening his pulse. Sherlock bites his lip and squeezes John’s hand hard, muttering low, “Let’s go back to the flat. Now.”
Following more slowly, John and Sherlock snaked their arms around one another. John gave him a squeeze.
“Honestly, Sherlock, who puts a bloody chain at the bottom of a well?" His hoarse voice echoes unnervingly. “Rusty enough to have been here awhile. This your sister’s idea of being welcomed into the family?” He’s dimly aware that he’s speaking to Sherlock. It steadies him.
He stands gratefully in the spray of hot water, breathing in steam. Though his muscles ache, he’s too tired for a bath. The thought of
“We should go back next summer. Every summer we can. It doesn’t feel like home, exactly. It’s a kind of paradise. I want Melissa to grow up knowing this. It’ll help keep us right.”
She knelt with a small groan, pressing her face close to the panther’s, nodding and humming, then stood, a hand on her hip as if it ached. She looked at them skeptically. “Lune says you’re to be trusted.”
Bemused, John walks over to inspect the operation. “You offered him that drink at least twenty minutes ago. It’s an old fashioned, love, not alchemy.”
The sleeping baby is efficiently secured into her carseat, the luggage stowed, and with kindly farewells, the Watson-Holmes family, just six hours old, heads for home.
John undressed slowly, wincing as he sat in the cold, porcelain bathtub. Pressing his hands against chest and belly, John gritted his teeth, feeling the angry
“–bloody Wall keeps interfering with the frequency, but we’ve got something. See how it keeps tugging that way, due East?” John shivered. Toward
. A yell bubbles out of him as he submerges again, sputters to the surface. The ache inside him is raw and horrible as John imagines leaving him behind, leaving him just a grave to talk to.
. Middling 30s. His regular guy, Chen, is barely 19. New Guy is out of breath from laboring up the stairs with a cane, but his right trouser leg is pegged and the other is spotted with grease. A worn messenger bag emblazoned with reflective tape is slung across his chest. He obviously cycled the order over, despite the limp. Interesting.
John felt the world swing around him as the creature turned away from the river to settle beneath the protection of the arch. Carefully holding John and Sherlock aloft, it sat with a groan and a shuddering thump.
“What are you–” but Sherlock’s already pulled off and threaded his shirt under John’s arms and around his back, knotting the sleeves tightly to the rope. John feels tenderly bemused as understanding dawns on him. Should he lose consciousness, his head won’t slip underwater. Sherlock tugs on the knots.
“No, thanks, don’t think I can stomach much more than water right now.” He obediently drinks from the water tube, eyeing the cliff edge with bewilderment. “Still can’t see how I just tipped over…”
true. But Faerie are as complex a society as humans. Take you, for example. You have nothing but high regard for their kind.”
John chuckled. “Bandying about with iron is the only wild magic I’ve ever managed. Haven’t found the frequencies for any other elements. Why, can you make fire?”
They proceed to dare one another to eat spoonfuls, finally abandoning the curry half-full, noses running, eyes streaming, cheeks blazing red. Despite the light mood, Sherlock monitors John closely. Beneath the good humor, he is taught as a bowstring.
John had read every word of the pamphlet with horrified curiosity. It declared the rise of technologies designed by their newly-crowned Queen Toria, a genius with mechanics. The young Queen declared that after centuries of her predecessors’ failures, her army of Perfect Men would locate the Wall with unprecedented precision and
He passes him a fork, balances the dish on their legs, and they dig in. After a few bites, John squeezes his eyes shut.
“Jesus, Sherlock, come here,” he whispers, and slides his hand into Sherlock’s curls, pulling his face toward his. John’s breath flutters over his skin as their lips touch.
Mrs. Hudson suddenly bursts into the buzzing flat, eyes bright with alarm, still tying her fuchsia dressing gown tightly, her hair set in bright green curlers.
“You won’t recall the first time. It was just a normal morning the autumn after I… died. You were taking the tube to work and there was a delay. To you, it was just some minor annoyance, made you late. John, we almost didn’t stop the sniper set for you when you would have left the tube car.”
She looks to Sherlock, holding his stopwatch and clipboard, who nods, then places her onto the starting point. Lissa withdraws her hands quickly and watches the rat with rapt attention.
had left to holiday with his family in the Alps a week before. They had been clear, no attachments, no long-distance heartache. He wasn’t exactly in
“No. Don’t get up, please.” He swallows. “I didn’t know if I’d have enough time. But Melissa, poor love, she just kept crying and crying – it confused Rosamund. For an instant I was back at Magnusson’s, but this time I stood a chance. A small chance. The stakes were so much higher.
“John I don’t want to alarm you, but I believe the water level has risen since I arrived in the well.” John practically barks out a laugh into his shoulder.
Somehow, he gets himself clean. Somehow, he manages to turn off the water before he loses all control and drops to his knees to take John into his own mouth.
For the last baffled moments of their fall, John smelled the stink of a sewer on the suddenly-warmer wind, clung hard to Sherlock, and sucked in a gulp of air.
…” and to his utter surprise Sherlock’s face crumples as he folds him into a fierce embrace. Despite the vertigo and confusion, John closes his eyes and leans into him, his racing heartbeat easing.
. The water is rising, so it must be coming from somewhere in the floor I can't reach." He sighs wearily. "Unless I dunk." The thought is troubling. He’s already chilled. Completely submerging will drop his body temperature further. He steels himself.
A few days after Sherrin was buried, the Magpies finally made a move. Sherlock had returned from a doctor’s appointment and found all of the high-tech equipment removed from his room, all traces of his work gone. He wished they had left the rats. He logged on to find that his collection of email had been deleted.
John shook his head with incredulous awe. Was Mrs. Hudson a collector of rare artifacts, or had she actually traveled all over the
John kept his back to the fire and stared into the dark forest through the shield-bubble, straining to hear anything that might indicate pursuit. But the night was peaceful. His weary mind began to drift. A damp, chill wind made the trees sway, occasionally startling him with a long, woeful creak.
Sherlock reaches down, wincing as John flinches from his touch. Sherlock eases away as if from a skittish animal, giving him space, his breath tight in his chest. John seems unaware of what’s just happened. He leans over to check that Melissa is sleeping and absently rubs at his right shoulder.
Mycroft leads him behind an outbuilding on the hospital grounds near the A&E entrance, the peanut butter Lion bar consumed before they’ve reached it. Sherlock’s not surprised when his brother pulls a trim metal cigarette case out of his pocket and snaps a lighter to one of the thin cigarettes. Mycroft’s clandestine smoking has been painfully obvious to him for years. A plume drifts over him and Sherlock wrinkles his nose.
It could be any teenage girl's room. Void of any real personality, achingly clean, and in a pale shade of pink. She hadn't seen the body yet, but Amanda had told her about the call when she'd checked-in at the station. A murdered prom queen, a break-in at the hospital, and that missing girl being found. What a night.
of me. Nachash wanted to antagonize him, get a reading of the depth of our relationship and make him angry, make him fight to his fullest potential. He brought John back to prove that he could. It’s all a game, and what’s happened until now has only been a prologue. He’s going to return soon with the feature presentation.”
“Incredible.” The man repeats. “You had a Watcher, a Nephilim, right under your roof, fighting battles for you, slaying the wicked, making
"I don't remember much of what happened. I know my contact in Novgorod was a snitch and I know I was drugged and taken into the Kremlin. I kind of drifted in and out after that, but I remember hearing your name and—it sounds so odd now—but I remember the taste of chewing gum and the smell of gunpowder."
Something’s pressed to my lips—water. Finally. Water for the man dying of thirst. Water for the man who buried himself in salt. I drink with the selfish overindulgence thirst brings and feel the water slop over my shirt. It’s cold. I find I don’t care. Has there ever been such a glorious invention, such a glorious moment, as that drink of water?
He looks at her for a moment before leaning forward and kissing her softly, his lips warm despite the coldness of the room.
Over the years, his opinion remained unchanged, although he didn't. He got older. He got sober. He got wiser, emotionally, thanks to John.
Sherlock turned to look at John for the first time. The wind whipped his ash-blonde hair back, leaving all Sherlock's focus on his face, solemn and resolute; his unwavering blue eyes were the color of the clear sky above them.
In the moment of John waking and John smiling, Sherlock could find no trace of the cold, effectively lethal assassin that he had seen not a week ago, when he had laid eyes on John for the first time in three years and John had stared back blankly in his detached, isolated state whose lone focus was the shedding of blood of the people who threatened himself or his friends or his…lover?
. So I was, for you. For myself too if I’m being honest, because there isn’t a way that you could die that wouldn’t take me with you.”
“Sorry,” His voice cuts back in. “The service is rubbish here. They’re working on identification now. It’s a woman, late 20s. We know that. Not much else though. Are you leaving soon?”
"I thought you would like the idea of being in the CIA, sir. People do not generally question American intelligence operations, do they?"
"I expect not. It's survived long enough, even when I starved it. Even when it hibernated because there was nothing else for it to do but to be ignored and wait in the darkness."
“Apologies,” The voice says, turning the light away towards the wall, “You must be feeling very disoriented right now. I can’t say your friend is doing much better.”
"Are the Four Horsemen outside yet? Has everything gone to hell? People being raptured in the streets?"
He’s broken from his thoughts as Gladstone pisses near his feet, the stream steaming in the air as it splashes on the balustrade and into the water. John’s molecules mingle with rose sweat and king’s tears and now Gladstone’s piss. The cycle continues, undeterred.
“The Tsar is loyal to his wife, and the Empress to Grigori Yefimovch.” Grand Duke Dmitri cut in. “We must ensure they are loyal to
"Imagine my surprise when, upon pulling up Ryan John Bise's wedding registry, I find your name. Mary Morstan. Widowed after four months of marriage. I take it the honeymoon didn't last long, then? Or did you meet someone else? Someone who fulfilled your depraved needs with his own? Someone who fed off your love and attention like a parasite and rewarded you with the kind of love only reserved for psychotics? Someone who offered you an escape from a marriage you didn't really want in the first place?"
." Sherlock moved down the sofa, peering into John's eyes and everything perfect and beautiful about the man, his voice, the pillar at the top of his nose, the bow of his lips, the piercing grey gaze, everything, they all banded together and smacked John right in the face. "Do you know just how close you were to being killed tonight, all because Moriarty wanted you to be?"
“Later.” John mutters as though the beast can hear him and has the cognizance to understand what they’re talking about. “Tell me why I didn’t want to go out.”
John is waiting in the kitchen, seated at the table with his arms crossed. Sherlock takes the opportunity to drag the chair out as noisily as he can, scraping it against the floor in the great, cold silence.
“Because it’d be easier to find who you were looking for if you started big. Bigger criminal empires, bigger stakes, bigger everything. It’s like a reversed needle in the haystack. They’d be everywhere. In smaller places, they’d be scarcer, harder to find, easy to slip between your fingers.”
.” Sherlock scrambles to his feet and advances angrily. “What spectacular idiocy prompted you to think it was just a
“Now that you mentioned it – yes.” He turned to look at Billy, little Billy Wiggins, all of 21 years old with nowhere to go but the local music store and the bar next door. “I need a bullet. But it has to be made of a very dense, very particular wood, and encased in silver. Do you understand?”
“And, since you care about things, you have a capacity for great compassion, which can be a strength, but also great naivety, which is a weakness. You trust easily—five minutes with Molly and you were already on the way to becoming best friends—but that may be because you can read people so well or feel their thoughts, as you said. Just like anyone else who has been stuck in one place for too long and have arrived in a new one, you’re eager to discover London—and Earth in general I suppose—yet you’ve stayed at the flat nearly all week. You wouldn’t go to Bart’s with me…but you seemed perfectly content, so who was I to question your happiness? Although I suspected there was a reason why you weren’t leaving. No one visits somewhere new and doesn’t go out to explore, to discover.”
He is saved by moments like this, where he can suck in all the tar he likes and pretend everything is alright. His blood will rush a little faster and he can close his eyes and tell himself he’s in control; these moments where he takes out the string and darns himself back together again after his mind turns traitor and tears himself apart in the distorted void of sleep. Those moments where he does not see his trembling hands.
He springs up from the sofa, ignoring John's muttered comment about Pavlov before he turns the page of the newspaper, and answers.
He can feel the heat from where he stands. The windows have been shattered, black smoke billowing from the pattern their destruction creates, a bright, all-consuming fire that belches out from the smashed glass. Later, he’ll admire the craftsmanship of it all, the sheer intricacy and effort it took. Later. He will later.
In the center of the canal, a mad rush of gondolas churned in the frenzied water, their drivers battling to turn their rudders as they raced around the bend, shunting into one another as the knocked against the tethered barges likes flies to a horse. Above, people leaned out of their windows, perched on the sills to get a better view. All around were figures cloaked in black, eyes shining from beneath the set white mask of the bauta, the volto, Colombina—anonymity, that generous gift of the carnevale season.
John hadn't said anything since her revelation, which was perhaps as worrisome as the revelation itself. He was leaning against the open window, arm propped on the lintel as he stared silently down into the wavering, restless crowd. For a moment, it was fifteen years ago, the same wind, the same night, a thousand miles away in Xiguan. The same cast, the same roles. The same distance between. As if nothing had changed at all.
"There was someone waiting outside in the front, smoking a fag." John said, answering the unspoken question. "The people they sent were sloppy. They didn't expect us to fight back. He clipped Mikheia, but Mary got him in the throat."
, like ice that hadn't thawed. "If I recall you looked quite like this, didn't you? You can do it again."
The men fell into a contemplative silence, rolling the idea in full around, searching for flaws in the immediate plan.
"Yes, I'm afraid it does. I have sacrificed too much, I have worked too hard, to let you walk away from this." Moran said lowly. "Why do you think I convinced the agency to take a look at you? To send all those people into your clinic and see what you'd do? To have that mugger ambush you in the alley?"
“What do you want from me, Sherlock?” He asks, voice raw with frustration. He didn’t cry, but he was on the precipice. “Just tell me so I can give it to you and you can get out.”
The uncomfortable belt that stretched across his chest and strapped his arms down was thin, pliant and durable…which meant it would be hard to break out of. Not impossible…but hard. He closed his eyes. Quietly took a deep breath and let it out. He jerked up hard, bringing all of his upper mass and weight forward harshly, and heard the belt snap underneath the gurney, clattering to the floor. Someone was bound to have heard that, and if not then the clanging metal noise as he untied his feet would be what gave him away.
John could feel his limbs begin to spasm, but the feeling was distant, detached, as if all of his nerve endings had been shot. He felt severed from his body, although it anchored him down he felt nothing in it but the rapid beating of his heart. He had the sudden feeling that he'd felt this way before.
Sherlock stared at the sleeping couple. "They'll be dead and carted off to their graves like the rest come morning."
"Why do you think they left that—um—particular area behind?" Lestrade asks. "If they kept the heart as a souvenir, why leave this?"
Sherlock Holmes was not a man for small conversation. He had to hand it to Mikheia for trying so persistently, but after his fortieth breech of blessed silence, he was starting to wear on Sherlock's nerves.
He says nothing, and continues to look at John even after the man has focused his attention on the service. John wouldn’t want him to make a scene in front of people (or maybe he does, Sherlock can’t tell these days).
Sherlock stays in his seat, examining his nails. He regrets not taking the clippers with him. “Why are the lights still off?”
They hadn’t wandered far from the palace, and just as he could see its towers cresting far away in the distance, he heard another horse come up behind him, though he only heard one pulse.
They'd started off, generally speaking, well enough. An hour out of Berlin, spent in comfortable silence in their quiet compartment of their considerably empty train. Not many people wanted to go to Prague, it seemed. Prague didn't exactly call to them and beckon them down for a vacation.
Before it can begin its charge, John reaches into the centre of the table, pulling the umbrella from its holder, and stands, ramming it through the beast's throat in a rush of blood and spattered muscle mass and movement. It collapses to the ground, a pained cry gurgling from its throat as it chokes on its own blood and dies.
"Sherlock," Lestrade sighs heavily, although he's been expecting this reaction. "That's my point. I know it's occurred to you that Moran is going to say some things to provoke you and I am not having sixteen bloody feet of legs and black coat like some great bat hovering over me in the interrogation room, not when you know as well as I do that he will say things to try and goad you into a fight. He's safer if you're on the other side of the glass."
The same man that had tortured John, who had shot Mikheia, the one he had hoped to surprise later that day, with John at his side so he could get the revenge he so badly deserved.
“‘One moment’ seems to be the family motto.” Mycroft says monotonously, observing the titles of the books on the desk.
did, Sherlock. I still do. You may not have much common sense with emotions, but I know that you knew what you were doing to me. And you went full steam ahead anyways and bollocks to the consequences."
"Death makes them look smaller. They didn't tell about his eyes. Perhaps they didn't know. All their other attempts had failed at one point or another."
that was so evident in his hand covering his chest as he clutched at his shoulder, in his crossed legs, in his eyes, told John everything he needed to know.
There, a raw, scrubbed pink covers an old body—but new in so many ways—that lies on the floor. There, unconscious, but
Sherlock felt as he once did in that moment of freefall, that one moment when he tipped forward and sent himself falling off the roof of St. Bart's three years ago and he knew there was no going back afterwards. The moment he had ceded control to gravity, the moment he had given the reins to chaos and let himself fall.
"Wonderful." He smiles the starched smile, the one for professional pleasantries. The sheriff had swallowed that authoritative edict easily—although technically, though Sherlock was indeed an entity of the FBI, he had little jurisdictive power over any federal official. But the less they knew the better, and he could have his way without any impending obstructions.
“Is that not why we are here tonight?” The Grand Duke said, seeming rather bored. “To determine that very thing?”
"Most likely the latter." Sherlock sniffed. "Mycroft sent someone en route to Novgorod to watch them, although I am apprehensive as to whether they were successful."
"Any last words?" He hears Moran growl, hears the danger in his voice, the power that radiates off him, even though his back is turned. It feels like it’s reverberating through the concrete. He
“We have to…the sunlight…dawn’s coming.” John breathed, panting as he clutched at his shoulder, leaking with the wild blood of the stag. Sherlock felt a pang in his chest, an alien pain that had nothing to do with his own wounds and more to do with the fact that John’s didn’t seem to be healing.
John stares at Georgiy from across the table, who is sipping his drink and looking at the room with an expression John is familiar with; he’s remembering as much as he can, storing it to feed off of later. John would know. He did it with Sherlock’s room before he packed up his stuff and tried his best not to go past that threshold ever again. It was selfish. It was self-preservation.
“I’d do anything for him.” The demon answers defiantly, but makes no move to draw a weapon. Somewhere high above, an airplane flies softly above them. The space above their heads is never quiet, never still, always in motion. Always something moving up there.
"I couldn't sleep." John explains, stepping into the room. The dim light catches on his sandy hair, touched by gray. "Thought I'd stop by with the kit results and see if you needed my help."
“John Watson,” Sherlock began, straightening himself to his full height as he clapped a gloved hand on his mate’s shoulder; a great red feeling rose up through their bond, primal and full of teeth. “You have no idea what you’re talking about. You’re upset; your reason is faulty and your judgment clouded. I did not travel a thousand miles through a warzone to gloat in your face about how thoroughly I may or may not have dealt with what happened to us in Switzerland. This is not about that, do you understand? I know you have suffered, and you have no idea what I would endure if it meant you would forget, that it hadn’t happened and would never happen again, but, kindly, pull your head out of your arse and listen to me. I wanted to know what information he has on
“Sherlock. We don’t get cell reception here. Remember? You spent a whole day scavenging the hotel top to bottom, trying to find one corner or spot where you could get a few bars, and you got nothing.”
“Let’s move then.” Sherlock replied, yawning, nudging closer into John’s chest. “I don’t want to live here any longer anyways.”
"But…but if I was, if I had anyone to thank for you, I would. Every day. I'd thank them for you. Although, since that's quite counterproductive to my current viewpoints, I'll just have to abide by thanking you for you."
He feels lips at the cloth of the bag, right beside his ear. A hand softly touches his head at the back, cradling his skull.
"And, I have to admit, you baffled me there. I spent my time at Mycroft's in supreme agitation because you had given me a puzzle that I could not solve: John's history during my exile. But then John showed up at the door, bloodied and half-dead, and I had greater things to worry about, more important things, but when I realised no other evaluation seemed to be working, fortune smiled upon me in the form of Mikeia Mikhailovic's hospital band." Sherlock drew it from his pocket, reading the back. "'Scan me.'"
Sherlock inhales sharply and curses. John hears him shout at the driver to go faster. His voice is hoarse like he's on the verge of tears.
He found Irene in the main hall, sitting on a coach amid the quiet pile of sleeping forms. Some were still half-dressed, others had some semblance of decency to them. Many had fallen where they lay, too bloodrunk to wipe away the dried streaks at their mouths, the telltale marks of greed at their throats. Muted morning light was falling from the boarded windows high above, lining the streets of Venice.
"See?" John said, breaking him out of his darkness. "That's why I know you're lying. You can't even stomach my
He stared at his husband, the two of them slumped together, so miserable and malcontent on this measly noodle house’s roof under the stars that were the same in China as they were in Egypt, Norway, London. The same wherever they were. Sherlock stared back, an aimless smile coming to his face.
“No,” John says softly. “No, I don’t think he will. You’re the biggest prize on his shelf. I don’t think he’ll want to tarnish you. He’ll hurt you though, if it means weakening you.”
He began a dead sprint over the lawn, his rusted heart beating away, oiled and slick with cold fear that sent something deep inside him boiling away, the years of its bitterness from its mistreatment flaking off.
They’d spared his life, wrapping him in gauze and pumping him full of painkillers. He doesn’t remember most of what happened, or it comes to him in bits and pieces that he has to put together. They were uneducated and desperate, their Pashto as limited as their English—he remembers that. They held a gun to Murray’s head as they ordered them to save the life of a
He blinked, the fog clearing. John had led him into a chair in a dark corner. The water seemed closer, and as he came back to himself, he realized they were in some lower level below the deck, away from the clamor upstairs.
Angelo's was not a bar—that much the town could agree on. Although it was most decidedly not a bar, it had been nearly everything else — a general store, a pharmacy, a grocer's, a five and dime, a malt shop, and most recently a restaurant of sorts, although you'd be hard-pressed to find anything edible. The only food that had passed through the doors of this particular establishment had been limited heretofore peanut shells and the bits of fruit at the bottom of the grog they most definitely did not serve.
John thinks Moriarty's dead. John doesn't believe in him, not like he once said he did when he thought Sherlock was dead. Doesn't believe, not really; he think this is a wild goose chase. He thinks Sherlock is a fool for coming here. But he's too kind, too fucking
Suddenly he feels his throat close, tighten in on itself and convulse, and he’s on his side and vomiting and there is land beneath him, wet, muddy cold land and oh he is alive and someone is here and oh they’re saving his life. He hasn’t loved anyone else so much in his life more than this stranger. Or maybe he has. He doesn't know. He'll know later. He's sure of it.
He’d been tortured before. Basic training, deployment, arrival—all had been baser forms of torment, psychological and physical. It was a necessary evil, to prepare him for what was to come. In Qurya, in Kandahar, Baghran, Lashkar Gah, there had been torture; the elements, the insurgents, surprise ambushes and the cautious tip-toe around landmines both new and old. The back in your mind feeling of never being able to really relax, the guard always up; the sleepless nights; the fear.
As John sets the kettle, Sherlock wanders. The halls are pregnant with silence, heavy with the emptiness of it all. It's as if no one had been here for a hundred years, let alone an hour ago when the staff had left. He strolls the halls with vague interest, if only to categorise his surroundings, when something catches his eye. The diamond shaped door plate for room 237 is in pink. The rest are red. Why pink?
John sits in the fat ugly chair that Sherlock's never liked, an opinion that is rapidly reversing as he see John sigh and settle against it, his wings folding against the cushions.
If he was feeling like being particularly honest with himself, he could admit that it was why he'd accepted the job in the first place. The chance to taste war again, so bitter and salty yet so virile and alive as he licked his lips before pulling the trigger that effectively ended someone else's life and gave him a paycheck. It was never for the money though. Just the blood. Just the feeling that he was doing something useful again. The feeling that he alone (for the moment anyways) was purging the world of bad, was saving someone else's life who he'd most likely never meet, never shake their hand, lean in and say
The light becomes tainted, dulls like an eclipse, becomes like the blindness that comes after the sun. He has stopped falling, but he remains motionless. Floating.
"That's incredible," John blurted, unable to stop himself. Sherlock stared at him for a long moment, then smiled.
The bullet must have been in his body a short time – perhaps five minutes. The problem at the present moment was both the silver poisoning and the wound itself; the denser the wood, the great the impact, and John was dehydrated, unable to heal, subsisting off the equivalency of scraps, slowly poisoned by the blood churning through him.
have crimes on you giant ponce, and if you'll remember I have asked you to the last three scenes, but you've been holed up with John, which, I might add, was a relief to find out considering the things I thought you were up to, and can we
“I’ve only been in love the once,” he told him, “and until recently I had no means of concluding that what I was feeling was abnormal or if it was something to be expected, and Irene, in her flawed logic, was correct in one thing: I could feel us drawing away, and so I retreated first. I weaned you off my affections and when I thought the time was right, I blocked the bond, tuned you out. It was…an act of utter self-preservation.”
The room is just as bare as it ever was. Chipping wallpaper, bare carpet, empty fireplace. Weak light filtering in through grimy windows.
“Is there a way you can find him?” He asks, not desperately because he is not desperate. John will be fine this time, he’s sure of it. He won’t make the same mistake twice.
His voice chokes. He turns and pulls at his hair, face crumpling. Suddenly all of his rage evaporates, leaving behind a thin, worn, sad boy.
“Dozens. It became quite a preoccupation. None could guarantee his survival beyond a meager margin.”
“What?” Sherlock cries. He’s nearly shaking with the adrenaline coursing through his system, the victory crackling his synapses. “I couldn’t possibly sleep right now.”
“And certainly, your chosen method of transportation, while fueling your need for a bit of adrenaline, must also have its hazards. How’s your leg?”
He slides his hands up to hold Sherlock’s face firmly, tenderly, his thumbs lightly stroking the damp skin below his eyes.
if you’re terribly concerned about it, my headache has dropped to a three and I’m ravenous. Will Mycroft’s goons out there permit some takeout be brought to the flat?”
“William warned us,” John said thoughtfully, leaving his post by the fire to sit across from Sherlock. “It’s just awful. But he didn’t think it was the Netters.”
It still worries his heart to be holding John without his permission, but he can’t stop himself. The smell of him, the firm curves of his chest and arms, the scratch of his cheek stubble against his own. He is
Their eyes are tender, aching, hopeful. In the same instant, they close the space between them, kissing deeply beneath the tall, flowering tree.
“Sherlock,” he says hesitantly, their faces inches apart, “William Sherlock Scott Holmes. You have saved my life. More times than I care to count. Please save me for all time: love me, be with me, for all our days. Yes, to everything you just said, yes to all of it. And more of it. I love you, I pledge my whole self to you, utterly.”
He gently rubbed Sherlock’s pale chest dry with a flannel, feeling his companion’s heart beating steadily through his fingertips. A tangled feeling hitched in John’s belly. He quickly tucked the afghan up to Sherlock’s chin.
“Oh, of course. Sorry, I should have asked–” John jumped up, his congeniality still shadowed by the vein of sadness. He helped Sherlock out of the tangled blanket and pulled him to his feet.
“John,” Mycroft smiles, with as much warmth as he has ever seen on his pinched features, “I am so relieved to see you recovered and,” his eyes flick briefly to Sherlock, standing protectively at John’s elbow, “in your rightful place. At last. You have our deepest gratitude for your brave and selfless actions tonight. I admit I had serious concerns about the validity of your plan, but time and again, we see that
His hand looks so small on the hospital sheet. With a guilty look at his unconscious face, he folds John’s hand in his two large ones and very, very lightly holds it to his cheek.
what time is it?” He whirls, seeing the clock. “Shite shite shite I’ll have missed the bloody train–”
The water has crept up to his chest. A horrible thought occurs to him: the water would have been over the child’s head by now. He swallows very hard, suddenly overwhelmed with grief for this small person who endured such torment. At the same time, Sherlock’s grim, detached voice in his mind directs him to the obvious solution. John’s heart sinks. He needs to take several ragged breaths before he can submerge again.
“He’s not, you’re just overly sensitive. Shh, you’ll wake her.” He tugs Sherlock back against the seat. “Smell her head with me. I know people always say it, but christ, it does smell incredible.”
“Yes, it was very much a mating ritual for our modern times.” Sherlock leans into John’s shoulder, eyes half-lidded, a look of sweet contentment on his face. “We must do that again. Before she’s, you know, at uni.”
“It’s several generations removed, rather faint, though it explains your ability with elemental magic.” Sherlock’s eyes sparkled with pleasure at his revelation. “Your family is to be commended for evading capture for so long.”
Sherlock is silent for a long time. “Are you in there, John? Watching me fall apart? Should I confess to you, too?” He considers his sleeping face, then shakes his head lightly and tightens his lips, gently places John’s hand back onto the sheet. “No, John, I’m not going to do it like this. I would like to see your eyes properly when I tell you. So. You have to wake up. And then I’ll tell you. Everything.” He presses his palm to John’s chest. “I promise you I’ll bring you back.” He stands abruptly, pushing the chair back with a squeak. “Let’s get you out of here.”
“John,” his voice is gravelly from sleep, “I’ll trust you didn’t mind too much that I kipped on you instead of a pillow.” He scrubs the cobwebs from his eyes, pushes up from the bed and shuffles to the door. While he has woken marginally refreshed, the
“John! John, I’m here!” Sherlock suddenly leans over the side of the well, his voice bouncing around the walls as he lowers a bulky bundle from another rope.
Sherlock repressed the sudden urge to run into the man’s room and shake him awake. John, he reluctantly reasoned, would need to catch up on his rest.
When a spasm of coughing dangerously wobbled his flight, Sherlock had his first pang of doubt, which spoke in his brother’s arrogant tone:
“Well, how about that?” she said with a knowing smile. “As a halfblood, even one as subtle as you, I’m sure you were sensitive to it.”
“We three need to move quickly. Gregson, we’ll keep that fine military-issue coptor you so enjoy flying.”
“You bite your left thumbnail when you’re puzzled. It’s rough while the others are smooth. I’m assuming it’s recurring nose-bleeds. Had one right in your office. The speckle, there, on the front of your right thigh. You’re concerned it’s due to more than atmospheric conditions.”
John leaned back in his chair with an incredulous huff, grinning a scowl at him that made Sherlock’s stomach flip.
Stunned, John blinked water out of his eyes and tried to make out their… rescuer? Foe? His heart thundered as the rope fell away and he was pulled up by the scruff of his sodden coat, then tumbled into a large, leathery basket. Sherlock slid in next to him, his limbs limp, face pale, oblivious.
His eyes flicked to Mrs. Hudson with wary curiosity as she settled into the overstuffed chair near the sofa, her emerald green kimono rustling.
fine, John,” Sherlock snaps fiercely. “One mist-step and you’d have died.” Sherlock sucks in a rough breath. “
He glanced over at the man sleeping deeply beside him, the halfblood whose fate had become inextricably tangled with his own. He felt a pang of something sharp and utterly confusing in his chest. He didn’t know what it was, but knew with vivid certainty that,
His shouts bounce around the stone walls. He pauses. How loud does his voice need to be to carry? Craning to hear an answer from above, John's hands fly to his coat pocket for his mobile. He thumbs at the screen - perhaps there's a shred of reception. Nothing happens. He groans. The phone's been submerged for as long as he's been out cold. Shoving the lifeless device back into his pocket, a sudden bone-deep shiver passes through him.
John hesitated. Like any magical practitioner, touch was not taken lightly. A mage’s hand was a delicate instrument, one that could alter matter and pry deeply with the slightest touch.
John peeks behind the earlier pages in the baby book, all crammed with Sherlock’s extensive details. “You’re going to be ace when we take it to the pediatrician for checkups. You’ll have charts detailing the color and consistency of each nappy’s contents.”
On a plate, John found the promised biscuits and quickly ate one. It was buttery and delicious, so he pocketed several more. Lune padded to a plain wooden door that led onto the garden, then looked back at John expectantly.
“Breakfast?” Sherlock quips, suddenly vaulting naked from the bed, draining John’s mug and picking up his own as he walks toward the kitchen.
“You ran out of time, little brother.” Mycroft is clad in sharp military dress, in stark contrast to Sherlock’s ragged, blood-soaked travelling clothes. “You had your ten minutes, and your extra ten minutes, and even a sympathetic
The baby is stretched onto his lap facing him, his large hands cupping her tiny head, rocking her with a steady rhythm. From his angle, John can see her gazing up at him with that disarming, sea-blue, thousand-year look they’ve glimpsed a few times since arriving home. John slumps against the doorframe, listening.
After several minutes, Sherlock kisses the top of his head and steps away to retrieve his tea. John blearily opens his eyes, smiling wanly. Suddenly he snaps the laptop closed
There is a long pause as they both consider they tiny bundle on Sherlock’s chest, this creature who, in the span of mere minutes, in a process as mysterious as a caterpillar transmuting into a moth within its cocoon, has transformed them from a couple into a
“There must be a pheromone released near the skull to increase bonding and induce a soporific effect on the parent,” he muses sleepily. “I’ll look into it once we have reception again.”
“Remind me to commend Lestrade on his unusually perceptive observations,” Sherlock huffs. “But as usual, he failed to notice the greatest feature of interest. Shock amnesia in a danger-addicted war veteran,
Orvis’s outstretched fingers flexed and Johnny was flung high into the air, propelled by the older boy’s telekinetic magic. At the apex of his flight, Orvis clenched his fist and Johnny dangled for several sickening moments above their heads. Though panic lanced through his limbs, he kept still. He wouldn’t give them the satisfaction of showing his fear. They roared with laughter anyway.
Sherlock leans incrementally forward, the brush of lips blooming into a true kiss as John feels the pressure returned, the permission granted. All sleepiness evaporates and John rushes into him, lips parting, a little moan escaping into his mouth. Sherlock finds his hands gripping John’s back, pulling him closer. His mental functioning his overwhelmed by a swell of oxytocin. Their chests crush together, hips tangling.
“You… know the curvature of my foot? Oh, hell, course you do.” John chuckles, bewildered. “Snowdonia. Well, that’s brilliant. I’ve never been up that way before. Can I help? Or shall I… just pop down?”
“They were all... nightmares?” John squirms at the feverish ache in all of his limbs, head spinning.
For Gran, each tea-time is like the first.  He deeply suspects that though her body is on a kind of autopilot, asking the same questions and giving the same answers, his true Grandmere is within, hidden in the dense hedge maze trimming her topiary, her precious collection of memory at her fingertips.
John laughed outright, his relief palpable. “Mountain rambling and taking down the monarchy. Knew we had a lot in common.” He rubbed his eyes wearily and stared into the flames, lost in thoughts which Sherlock could only guess at.
Within five minutes, the flat has filled with the Moriarty’s operatives, no police for this job. Some are familiar to them. One waves.
“Melissa,” they say in unison. Their baby makes a curious goose-like sound in her sleep. John chuckles. “Well, that’s settled then.”
For as long as John had lived at Baker Street, there had been nightmares. One such night, feeling helpless and trying to block out the sounds of John fighting his demons, he’d picked up his violin and begun to play. Remarkably, John had quieted quickly. After that, whenever he heard the telltale sounds of John reliving some horror in his sleep, he’d played, and John had calmed.
Kneeling between Sherlock’s thighs, John deftly tosses aside the lapels of the silky dressing gown, and with a smooth slide of his palms along his inner thighs, Sherlock suddenly realizes what might be better than the kissing. As John grips him through the thin fabric of his pajama pants, he can only think,
“Oh. Right. That’s good then, looking for your own kind,” John babbled, pushing down a pulse of disappointment as he realized this wild creature was already slipping away from him. Though they weren’t touching hands, John nervously tried to quiet his embarrassing thoughts. With the collar broken and his magic unhindered, Sherlock might be able to perceive his thoughts without touch.
Sherlock eyes his brother critically as they run out into the foggy morning. He can detect no signs of confusion, nothing erratic. They fling themselves into Sherrin’s grubby blue Fiat and speed off, raising a plume of dust on the quiet, tree-lined dirt road.
He’s at tea with Gran, half listening to her U-boat spy story, half immersed in his mind palace combing the data for errors, when his mum walks in suddenly, her face glowing with relief. Gran looks up, annoyed at the intrusion. Before she can become irate, Sherlock leaps to his feet, begs an apologetic exit, and pushes his mum back through the balcony door.
“Where?” he demands, his eyes darting all over Sherlock’s body, looking for his own clues. But Sherlock is wrapped in his Belstaff, clutching his arms tightly, making it hard to see the wound at first glance.
“Oh, John, glad you’re home! The delivery people brought your boxes to my flat again. I didn’t bring them up, they’re so heavy, and Sherlock hasn’t been answering the door all afternoon.”
“Or princess. Let’s keep her,” Lissa said thoughtfully, holding her squirming frog at eye level, close to her nose. “I’ll call her Anura. That’s lovely.”
“What can I say?” Sherlock squeezes him close, “Seeing you single-handedly outfox our tormentor and would-be killer gives me a raging appetite.”
Still clutching her frog, Lissa tugged at her own little wellies, well-submerged and full of murky water. She was well and truly mired in the pond muck.
They were safe enough with a bridge troll, however they had gotten here. As a boy, he’d had a secret acquaintance with the River Derwent’s ancient bridge troll, Omri. He’d made a point of stopping to see the clever old creature when his escapades brought him to that corner of the woods. They had enjoyed trading riddles.
“Hm?” It’s been so many minutes that Sherlock seems to have drifted off, lost the thread. John feels a twinge when he sees how exhausted he is.
Sherlock swiftly closes the distance between their faces and John gives a surprised little gasp against his mouth. Sherlock’s lips are on his own. Moth-wing soft. He cups the curve of John’s skull and pulls him closer. John runs his hands into Sherlock’s damp, unkempt curls and melts into him.
Sherlock runs his fingers over the nape of John’s neck and into his hair, making John shiver pleasantly.
. We and anyone who could be used as a pressure point are heavily guarded at the moment. We were last certain of her location in Calcutta. The team sent to liason with her last night was not successful. She is in the air again, moving east.”
In the bright afternoon light of Sherlock’s room, leaning into the man who has saved him, memories begin bobbing to the surface of John’s mind. He scrutinizes them, begins to feel the difference between the true memories and the dreams.
“And suddenly Jim needs to compete for the attention of his fallen genius, no longer so bitter or driven to self-destruction. This was infuriating to him. He became obsessed with acquiring you, and doing so on his terms—”
“Molly, truly, thank you. Without your help and clarity these last few days, I think I would have lost my mind.”
“Oh, love, before you bring Bee to Mrs. Hudson, she said something about a leak in 221C. Could you pop over quick and see what she’s on about?”
It had taken him by surprise. They had been in the cab chasing their lead, John on his mobile looking up train schedules as Sherlock fired questions at the air. As John studied the day’s trains he’d noticed the date. January 29th.  Their 8th anniversary. He’d grinned to himself. Here they were all these years later, still caught up in the chase together. He’d reached across the seat and given Sherlock’s thigh a gentle squeeze. Sherlock hadn’t even slowed his soliloquy of speculation, just scooched closer to him the seat, brushing a fast kiss on the corner of his mouth, his eyes sparking. John didn’t bring it up. He didn’t care that they’d forgotten. Sherlock was so beautiful when he was like this, shining, and he’d gazed at him quietly between the google searches.
In his hands, John’s voice on the screen makes a small, strangled cry. Sherlock realizes with a pulse of horror that the camera had continued to record throughout John’s fall. Next to him, John tenses, shifting his weight between his feet, folding his arms protectively.
Sherlock re-doubles his pressure all around John, burying his face against his neck, wet warmth on his skin.
“Rosamund, this is unexpected,” Sherlock says lightly. “I’d rather thought you and Charles to be a matched set.”
“I knew her. I did not expect her, here. It is the greatest error in judgement I have ever made and one I do not expect you to forgive me for.”
He eyed the quivering bubble of shield. Could he go through? Would he tear it? The wind certainly blew through it well enough, and the smoke of their fire passed through to the sky. He hesitantly poked it with a finger and found his hand could stretch the delicate membrane and emerge on the other side as if it were a thin layer of water. Feeling bolder, John stepped through. A cool film pulled over his face and snapped off.
clowns suspending contortionists twisted into a human knot. Hawkers wove through the throng crying out,
out. You’d better tell him the whole backstory so he doesn’t think I’m a bloody adulterer.” He points his wooden spoon at Sherlock menacingly. “Behave.” He stalks back to the worktop, muttering.
“Just take it slow, you haven’t walked for several days and the drug has done its damage. Your strength will return.”
Johnny crashed hard into the branches of the apple tree, the brittle limbs snapping painfully against his legs and back. His sweater snagged, pulling tightly against his armpits, boots dangling high above the ground.
He can feel it now, for a moment. Yes, things are still dire, it’s been fucking terrifying for months – years, really – he was so rarely in control. But now, at least, Mary is no longer the cuckoo in the nest with her fingers around John’s throat, playing Sherlock like a puppet. The cuckoo flown is something to chase, to trap. And he will find her. He has absolutely no doubt.
Sherlock feels the air in the room go taught and turns to find John giving him what he thinks of as his
that you were being manipulated by an assassin. I had to play her game.” Sherlock sucks in his breath. “It galls me, bitterly, that after two years of interminable suffering on both our parts, I had still not succeeded in keeping you safe, had in fact put you in the greatest jeopardy of all.”
Sherlock drops his head against the couch cushions with a contented huff. John, unnerved, scowls as he settles back against him.
The sneering boy’s fingers twitched and Johnny flinched, but nothing happened. “So you think you can
Mostly. None had asked to be born abominations. He’d been able to sleep soundly at night knowing his successful captures were sent across the Wall where they belonged. It had been admirable work. He maintained peace and order.
Sherlock becomes aware that, while he’s standing rooted to the sitting room floor, rocking their drowsy baby, John has begun to pace, his left hand clenching, the tiniest trace of a limp in his leg. The immediate threat seems to have passed, but there is still work to do.
Then he is standing, his shoulders squared, jaw set. He glances at the gun in his hand as if he’d forgotten he’d been holding it, places it gingerly on the bed. And then he is pulling Sherlock out of the room.
I was that hokey hippy-raised mama who sang Cassidy to her baby moments after he was born, (plus Sweet Baby James... yet he is neither named Cassidy or James. I later wrote him is own song, yeah, I'm that hokey) -- though to be fair I fell in love with Suzanne Vega's cover of the original by the Grateful Dead. If you've never heard Suzanne's, it's lovely - Check it out here, after her cover of China Doll:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBebEQPkQrg
“Nothing. They appear, for all the world, like perfectly amicable siblings. Their last interaction on Facebook was a string of Monty Python quotes.”
“I’ve been reading you Tolkien, John,” Sherlock says offhandedly as he unlocks the door, admitting a plain-clothes security guard looking too large for the stairwell and carrying plastic sacs emitting delicious smells. “And as it happens, our chief protector, Geoffrey, shares a passion for the Silmarillion. He has demonstrated excellent recall of highly arcane knowledge. Better than any passcode, highly incorruptible.”
John grimaces and hisses through his teeth. Sherlock’s face plummets into worry. “What is it what do you need? Oh -oh right yes hang on -” and he reaches gingerly over his chest avoiding tubes and pushes the little box into John’s groping hand.
. But there’s hardly any use nagging. Victor’s gone for the summer.” He hopes the disappointment doesn’t show too much.
“Yes, it’s been very hard. But they feel he’s turned a corner.” She hugs him tightly. “They’re sending him here, to recover.”
Suddenly the medium’s eyes popped open and he smiled. It was a look of such joy that John found himself grinning back at him, then checked himself and scowled.
The pads of John's fingers grope in slow, concentric circles for anything he could use to loosen the bolts. The water is over his chin when a surprised little “Oh” bursts from him with a bubble of hope as his hand bumps into something on its slow path across the ground.
for his formidable body hair. He stilled his distracted mind, focusing on the humming core of wild magic in his chest. John had described his as a kindled fire, but Sherlock had always felt his own magic was cool and blustery, like a flock of birds in a sudden gale. Sinking into the swirling zephyr, Sherlock tried to
Now that he’s awake, Sherlock’s mind spins. It drifts to the case, but he pushes it aside. His little family is long overdue for a proper ramble. Perhaps a jaunt to Epping Forest. The idea planted, his mind settles into planning. Do Rosie’s boots still fit? With her foot pressed against his chest, he tries to assess it’s length. He’ll surprise them after breakfast. And pack a picnic. Yes, it’s just what they all need. What
“Sherlock.” His confusion simmers into a suspicious smile and he crosses his arms with a hint of the old playfulness Sherlock has ached for. “Where are we going this weekend?”
. The water is rising, so it must be coming from somewhere in the floor I can't reach." He sighs wearily. "Unless I dunk." The thought is troubling. He’s already chilled. Completely submerging will drop his body temperature further. He steels himself.
.” Suddenly all of her airs drop and she is steel and honed edges. “It’s ridiculously simple, Sherlock. Deliver us the completed formula, Sherrinford wakes up. Refuse us,” she shrugs, “we let him linger a while before we kill him, give your poor Mum something to hope for.
with his intention into the fabric of the dream to change it, as he always could in a lucid dream, but John’s face pinched.
John dumped his load of sticks, his breath coming fast, and placed his hands on the damp, mossy stones. He felt an electric pulse, a thrum, a hum coming through his skin like the harmonic resonance of a bass and baritone choir. John shivered as the vibration shook him like a struck gong.
The mechanical bird perched on the windowsill, gears whirring, its smooth, polished body reflecting the browning grass of the courtyard below. The doves cocked their heads and avoided it. A parcel raven pecked stoically at the tray of seed, defecating onto the straw-strewn floor as if to make a point.
– will he ever forgive Sherlock for seeing him so weak? For becoming so weak himself? Will he drift away if their days of danger together are subdued to accommodate an invalid detective?
“You win.” John runs his hands through his hair, chuckling wearily. “We’ll sign up for the damn milk bank.”
pulsing from him like a heartbeat. Sherlock’s thoughts quieted. The baffling equation of his emotions suddenly resolved in a pure and ridiculously simple solution.
“Frodo!” she squeals, because the tawny rat with the black spot near his tale is her particular favorite. “Now, Dada?”
.” The halting words tumble out. “I was so alone. Doesn’t take a great leap to see I was stuck in my head, chained, drowning, calling to you. But you found me, just before… before I went under. You held me up, helped me breathe, made me a harness to pull me out, kept me warm. And then I fell asleep, and woke up…
John nodded sympathetically, wondering at their shared nostalgia for the old forest, then suddenly felt buoyed by a mad idea. “We should go back to Whinlatter, one day!” Sherlock inhaled sharply, looking horrified. John immediately wished he could erase his words. “I’m sorry – I shouldn’t assume you’d want to go back there – with me, or – I mean – your family sounds dreadful –”
John pads out of the bathroom first, his steps tired, but steadier. He wavers in the hall, his towel wrapped around his middle just as it had been so many afternoons when they were just flat mates and Sherlock had to repress the urge to stride over to him and tug the towel free.
....if I could have one fan wish, it would be that someone felt inspired to draw the scene on the couch when their foreheads are pressed together, right after Sherlock is told he deserves love.
“I planned to return the moment I had ensured your safety, even if that meant returning to the ashes of what we once had.”
They pushed onward, the fire cat luring them through the dark, quiet neighborhoods. Was it his imagination, or were they
Sherlock slides his hand over John’s on his chest, squeezing it hard, his voice barely more than a breath.
“Mrs. Hudson,” John grins sheepishly, putting a hand on Sherlock’s chest to quiet him. “Yes. As you have guessed, we’ve finally seen sense.  I’m to move back in. Just. So you know. We are very much in love. In a relationship.
“What a waste! It’ll take ages to find that track again.” Sherlock scowls over at John who is laughing hysterically, uncontrollably, cheeks pinked with cold. With a careful effort, Sherlock rights himself and skids cautiously over to John, offering his hand.
John’s head spun with this new information, but it was Sherlock’s last words that froze in his gut. “I didn’t leave with you because I thought you’d take me across the bloody Wall,” John said quietly.
Enormous thanks for everyone's patience as busy summer life has put writing on the back-burner. I also, adorably, now need to divide my writing time between The Man in the Iron Collar and a personal fanfiction I'm writing for my 9yo son. It is a rather labor-intensive way to encourage summer reading, but he is adoring his very own 'Zelda, Breath of the Wild' chapter book. He helps me plot the outline. Link and Zelda are becoming such good friends on their adventures. :}
At last, they scramble up a stony face that’s like climbing inverted stairs in an MC Escher print. They flop breathlessly  onto the grassy saddle of Bwlch Coch, the path luxuriously wide compared to the narrow, craggy ascent. They pause to take in the view of the ridge they’ve crossed, gulping water. After the long stretch of silence and the precision of the difficult climb, the tension has faded between them. Sherlock hands John an energy bar and tears into one of his own.
The performers were huddled by their wagons, terrified of the half-human examiners, their helms and chest plates intricately molded to resemble serpents. Each Netter had a modified metal eye that clacked like a beetle as images were captured on the crystals within. One Netter wrapped elongated copper fingers around the performers’ throats, measuring for truth as they spoke.
John blushed and hastily bundled the clothing under his arm. “I’ll just, um, pop off for a quick wash, then, before I offend you all further.”
Hello! This chapter grew so long that it needed to be two. There's quite a cliff-hanger in between, so I'm posting ch19 with it. Work on ch20 is well under way. Huge thanks to shirleycarlton for her excellent beta'ing! Best to you all, and thank you for continuing to follow this tale!
For all he knows, the pregnancy has been terminated, but somehow, he thinks not. Mary–Rosamund– was fiercely possessive. She would not part from this child lightly. And while John does not doubt she was quite capable of conceiving a child with another man, something in his gut repeats over and over,
The little clock on the bedside reads 1:14 am. John closes the notebook with a long sigh. Sherlock hasn’t uttered a word through the whole thing, rapt, lost, deep inside the story –
John can detect the tiniest flicker of confusion as he approaches his weary-looking wife, shadows under her eyes, hair tucked under a floral scarf, dressed in the same tunic and leggings she’d worn the last day he saw her.
“Can’t you just ask your benefactor for an advance? And then not blow it on cards for once your life?”
John smiled ruefully. The leaf mound shifted and Sherlock’s long, pale hand reached out to press against the forest floor. John startled as a circular pulse of blue lightning crackled out from Sherlock’s palm, rising into a dome that shivered around them like a soap bubble.
With a wild pulse of horror, John throws himself onto Rosamund’s prostrate form as she stirs, regaining consciousness. He pulls her arms tightly behind her back and finally finds his voice.
“Still warm,” Sherlock muses. “Where on earth do they get chips around a maximum-security hospital?”
But he can easily tell that it would be ineffective. It was probably the last straw, the last request, and he had to do it on his own. He’d have been terrified – he’d have known they’d come for Sherlock.
Sherlock couldn’t see John’s face, but felt his playfulness. “Ah, so you finally admit you were responsible for the
He talks at length about the man’s theory of cyclical population collapse. Setting the empty bottle down on the coffee table and easing Melissa onto his shoulder for a burp, he realizes John is fast asleep, face pressed against the arm of his chair. He smiles softly, gently patting the baby’s back.
John reached over the panther and turned the knob. As they passed through the doorway, his eyes were briefly blinded by a flash of white light. The air was instantly fresh and fragrant with pine.
“Sherlock, can you hear me? Stay with me. For the love of fucking god you are going to stay with me, you owe me one hell of an explanation.” He realizes Sherlock is muttering through gritted teeth and leans in close, his breath fluttering on John’s cheek.
Yea – my backpack strap was bothering me on the way down, chafing a bit. Thought it was just the pack. Must have scratched it during my fall.”
select club is highly exclusive. They would never admit a junior member such as myself. My contact has been invaluable and with her guidance I sought employment in the House of Commons as aid to a certain long-standing member. I rose quickly through the ranks of his staff and was able to access information, manipulate correspondence. As for these,” he rattles the microphones and gives a small, rueful smile, “he gave the order, though he is not yet aware of it.”
He was right, of course. Rolling his eyes, Sherlock accepted the bite of the rich, earthy broth. It was delicious.
Lestrade stares at them both for a moment, then cracks into a grin and raises his immaculately-mixed old fashioned.
Groaning, Kinsey pushed his way through the flap, calling, “Don’t forget my pint!” over his shoulder.
Out on those streets, squadrons of Netters would be hunting them. He and Sherlock had only narrowly escaped them this morning because he, apparently, could travel through
Ferocity and excitement crackled from John. Though the healer tried to keep his face composed, pink spots appeared on his cheeks.
“Don’t be dramatic, John. While your condition is clearly serious, you are still able to follow basic instructions and respond to conversation. You are not in fact dying, though it would be unwise for you to move very much lest the cold blood in your extremities flow too quickly through your heart or other organs. Cardiac arrest is a possibility. The well water was roughly 45 degrees, making it less likely.”
It’s a big day. For her 5th birthday, Sherlock had promised to let her run the rats through their new maze. He’d been up very late making adjustments to the serum they’ll be testing. He doesn’t want to hope too much, but as his eyes flick to the framed photo of he and Sherrin, laughing into the camera, his stomach grips with nerves. He’d given the rats their dosage early this morning. He tells himself not to be hopeful, to exhibit detached, even-tempered scientific behavior for Lissa’s sake. And his own.
“If you will forgive me for saying so, dear brother, I daresay he could have nearly been right. He could not have anticipated the random event of your meeting Dr. Watson on the very day of your first
“My dear brother, you are a genius, but your rational mind has been obscured by your emotions. You were easily manipulated. Do not mistake my judgement for rancor. I have been monitoring Sherrin closely ever since he was approached by the Magpie Collective. Once you became involved in project Redbeard, I took certain measures. I do care about you both deeply, in my fashion.”
“I’m so sorry, John. I tried to keep you safe.” He can’t keep it at bay anymore. “I failed you.” The grief washes into his mind palace in a flood of thick, black water.
“Of course I did.” Relief washes over John at this incredible information, stirring his mind into wakefulness. “But it’s been a while since I’ve picked a lock in the dark, underwater, upside down.”
“I know my vices, Billy.” He frowns slightly. “But I’m also getting a sense for yours. So let my missteps please be a formative lesson for you, hm? Chasing danger may not be the best professional compass.”
John scowled nervously, the full magnitude of his action dawning on him. “How are you going to avoid capture?”
“There,” growled the Netter. John watched with horror as the Netter stopped, the gold and copper eye of his metallic, leonine face clacking open to focus clearly in his direction. The device in his hands began to glow and whine as he powered it up.
“Jesus, just like that, they send us home with her,” John muses.         “Seems unreal, giving us this incredibly fragile person, and just
The low, modern granite building looks a bit like an oblong UFO perched on the edge of the mountain, hunched low as if trying to escape notice. Long, wide windows give a glimpse of a bustling crowd within, eating at tables and holding up smartphones to capture the view. Sherlock sneers, abruptly turns his back on it, and stalks up the long flinty stairs to the summit.
He’s halfway through the first experiment Molly had dictated when he gets up to check on John. Nothing has changed. He returns to the kitchen, moves a few petri dishes around. Checks on John again. After twenty minutes of this, he roughly pushes the kitchen table down the hall and through the bedroom door, clinking and rattling with the apparatus, and slides it under the window.
John gave him one last push toward the tent and grinned tightly. “Off you pop. Chin up, she might have news about your future wife, the fire-breather.”
“You will be. Now, sit.” He pushes Sherlock gently onto the bed, propping him up against all the pillows and planting a soft kiss on his forehead. He hands him the cold cup of tea and leaves the bag of pastry within reach. “When your stomach has settled, try to eat a little something.”
Sebastian Moran is sitting across from him in Sherlock's chair. The one he'd been so happy to see that John hadn't thrown out.
John stood, lifting his glass and downing its entire contents before turning towards the valet, taking his coat from him. He shrugged it on, Sherlock watching calmly, and stormed out into the snowy night.
His contact walked into the unassuming diner off the main street and sat across from the world's only consulting detective who was very, very irritated. But what else was new.
John sat on the roof, legs dangling over the faux stone parapet. Everything was made so cheaply now, now that everyone could afford it. He gave it less than ten years before it was to be replaced by something worse. The dual nature of progress, moving forward and back at the same time.
"Most likely. I've never had to test that out though, but some of my more—ah—aggressive brothers have."
John doesn’t answer and Sherlock leans up to look at him. He’s staring blankly at the floor, but Sherlock knows he’s heard him. It would be impossible not to.
"Asleep, most like." Mortimer answers, banging his torch to get a steady beam, focusing it on Sherlock. "Or maybe Vlad here scared them off."
“Don’t mistake recklessness for a suicidal tendency, I would like to keep on living, so if you don’t mind…”
, but I thought about what he’s doing right now. Where he is. If he’s—Sherlock’s always been the rash type.”
“Perhaps later.” John answered politely. The reflux in the bond thrilled for a moment more, then settled.
“What could I have said?” I ask. This is awful, I don’t know what to say. I never know the right thing to say, even though I’d expected this night, though I’d dreamed of it, though I’d thought about it more than anything else, I didn’t have anything planned at all. I thought I’d had time. “What could I have done to make you whole? To make you hurt less? I didn’t take you with me, and the fact remains: why? I could say you’d slow me down, I could say I didn’t want you there, but the truth…the truth is you were a liability.”
"Don't be dumb, it doesn't suit you. I just told you what I was, and I told the truth. But night's coming on, and if I want the murderer in jail before dinner I have to get going."
As long as he would live and as expansive as his phonetic knowledge was, Sherlock would never find a word to describe how he felt the moment he saw John entered that door, roughed up and hungover, but alive and well, despite how he must be feeling.
John had been in his bedroom before, when that Woman had drugged him (he never thought about it if he could help it), but John had never lingered to look around or poke through his stuff, because that was not who John was, and Sherlock appreciated it. He could compartmentalize John all he liked, all day and all night, and it would be an endless Russian-doll scenario. As much as he hated to admit it, John Watson was just as much a mystery to him as the solar system or fruit cake. John Watson was a pan-galactic fruit cake.
"I sent Orso out for the first round." Irene said, pointing to the bold lines on the map that indicated the Jewish quarter. "A bit of strafing to get his attention, as it were."
“John.” He dropped the hare’s body to the soft moss and forest floor. “It is a pleasure to meet you.”
He wants to see regret, remorse, even. Mycroft is not stupid. He knows what he’s done. What line he’s crossed. Sherlock was sure to outline the nature of his relationship with John, even before Moriarty and the fall and the Agency.
"You're so pale—" He was cut short as a quiet bullet entered his frontal lobe and exited out of the back of his brain. He collapsed to the floor, bleeding from that small hole planted so much like a third eye in the middle of his forehead.
There was a stifled grunt of pain, mostly likely from Mikheia being dragged up by his hair. John relaxed slightly.
John stepped forward, and for a moment he was worried his mate might drive it straight through Irene's cat-and-cream smile. But he shoved the stake at her flatly and stormed past.
The woman who answers the door when he knocks is nearing her mid-twenties but has the face to make strangers assume she’s younger; thick black hair, large eyes, dark smooth skin; of gypsy decent, or thereabouts. Wanderlust’s blood ran through her veins at the least.
"Is something wrong, pretty girl?" The idiot asks, finally broken out of that matrix of nothingness to notice her.
"Your friend will come for you and you can go home. We are not going to hurt you. You know this, yes?"
Sherlock took one sparse second to stare at John, who was moving to stand and help Mikheia, before he turned and bolted out into the night.
“I won’t deny that you are right when you say I have something upstairs. I just don’t want to scare you.”
The man had been foolish to assume that he was safe in his house. He'd chosen perhaps the worst place to barricade himself, in a room where one wall was completely lined with ceiling-to-floor length windows. That poor, stupid bastard. He'd never learn. They all never learned.
When John woke fully, Sherlock was sitting at the end of the bed, watching him. He held out a glass and John took it, raising it in a salute, his hair mussed and cowlicked.
"Go!" John barked, but Sherlock knew his irritation was not with Sherlock himself, but with the seconds that passed by and let the flypaper voice run further away.
"Me briga za ništa kako ja radim za vas." He said quietly, running his thumb over the scar above John's ear.
The birds sing in the trees, ducking in and out, and soar out over the valley below them. Molly doesn't feel as if she'd burst into tears anymore, she just feels numb. This spot that she and Will share absorbs their grief, soaking it into the ground and leaving them both empty. How can the birds be flying on a day like this?
He only knew how to speak in force. If he didn’t get his way, force it was. This new FBI bloodhound—or whoever he was—was in his way, like an eclipse looming on the horizon, slowly floating forward to block him out. Snuff out the light.
As the Westwood touches the fire, Moriarty vanishes. Sherlock closes his eyes. His anger dissolves like a light turning off. The pink in the edges of his eyes fades. Everything fades.
.” John and Mikheia repeat. John has no idea what he’s saying, but with everything Georgiy has agreed to so far, he will toast to whatever he wants. All three tip the drink back and John is hit with a taste not dissimilar to wine that soon mellows out to a rich, smoky, smooth taste.
"Your line of thought is that I need a reason." Moran said darkly. "You might want to rethink that."
He stood aside to let a cook shuffle past with a vat of boiling water, then pulled the bench aside, taking a seat at the table to observe a different, rather morbid type of feast.
He let the smaller man thrust into him, he let the long, slick, shaft of John’s thick manhood fuck into his mouth until there was nothing left but random globules of semen and thick ropes of come climbing down his throat. John, above him, convulsed and cursed in a tide of olfactory satisfaction and soul-clenching realization.
The Omega spun his head to the side, panic rising in his blood once more. He moved to step forward, but the man with the gun gripped his left bicep like a vice.
The greying blond snorted, running a finger across his brow and thoughtfully scratching an errant itch at his temple.
OTHER: Not to be completely indiscrete Miss Adler, but I do believe an accurate account of vertex Omegas has been gathered from your own records, as well as those from Dr. Wilkes and Dr. Frankland.
“Then…can I get on with the washing up? Kinda hard doing that with you hovering about outside, yeah?”
Now that John was free to wander around the flat as he wished, he finally managed to get a good look at the kitchen.
Finally, he closed his eyes and forced himself to breathe. He breathed in for five counts, and then exhaled to the same. Each time his nostrils flared, the air brought with it the faint familiar odour of old paper, books, and pipe tobacco. It wasn’t helping. It wasn’t helping his
needed to keep track of his daily amount); hoping against hope that it would at least keep his symptoms controlled enough to make it through the appointment without too many questions. He wasn’t sure what was going to happen today (if anything), and while he had support in the way of Mycroft’s ubiquitous governmental omnipotence, it still felt suspiciously like he was walking to his own doom.
Dr. Frankland stormed across the room and out of the view of the camera; meanwhile the young woman’s face (grasped ineffectually by the frightened looking aide) had finally turned towards the camera. Her expression was twisted; a grimace, with eyes rolled upwards and to the left, her neck contracted so tightly one could easily see the strain on the muscles and tendons. Her mouth was stuck in a rigor of tightly clenched teeth, lips curling back only to allow a bubbling blood-tinged froth to seep from her mouth and onto the bleached white pillow. The woman continued to jerk and convulse against the restraints, though they (thankfully) held tight.
When he exited, he was surprised at how non-descript the floors themselves turned out to be (if they were all the same). Unlike the richly decorated first floor, it appeared the subsequent upper floors were quite a bit toned down. There was large desk immediately in front of him as he hobbled off the lift, empty, and a carpeted floor accented with muted, simple pieces of art on the wall. He would have asked about the suite, if there’d been someone at the information desk but…it seemed a bit of lone exploration was the name of the game today.
John wasn’t buying it for a second. If she was just pawn, an innocent, why the hell was she shredding documents? It didn’t make sense, and John needed answers, and he was
wet dream. That was...that was the single most erotic experience he had had in his life to date (not that that was saying much).
For the sake of his sanity, and (let’s be honest) his blood pressure, John decided since that very first night, to sleep in the bedroom directly above Sherlock’s. His thigh ached and throbbed with a familiar fierceness, and though he was more than happy to bury his nose in the spicy layers of curls upon Sherlock’s brow and
Once more into the fray! I am trying for a weekly update, but don't get mad if I fumble a bit along the way. I do love my story, but I get flustered sometimes. I think I am doing well so far! HAPPY HOLIDAYS EVERYONE!
Well, as promised, here is the next installment! Please keep in mind that these chappies are not beta'd or brit-picked, but I honestly do try. I am shamefully American (Texan, even), but I try to give my stories a British flair.
Sherlock turned, smoothing his hands down the lapels of his sixth best suit, readying himself for the common barrage of questions he’d been subjected to since beginning his treatment at the cottage.
“I love you, John Watson.” He said, finally, as if the weight of emotions and the gravity of his gaze could convey the depths of his feelings for the greying blond – as if his words were inadequate, indistinct, and would never quite be appropriate for accurately describing how he felt about one small, seemingly ordinary doctor.
“John H. Watson.” They had discussed using a possible alias, but John was a nobody and affiliated with no one. He was homeless, it wouldn’t really make a difference if he used his real name or not. Plus, it would just be easier for John; he didn’t want to blow his cover because he unwisely used some other name.
He studiously ignored a sudden influx of adrenaline upon his arrival to the shabby street corner that marked the entrance to the equally shabby street housing John’s little domicile. He reminded himself once more that he really needed to work on getting John to agree to live with him. It was best for both of them, after all, if John was going to be his. If he agreed, that is - if he actually wanted to
Never had Sherlock come across a creature he wanted as thoroughly as John Watson. He wanted to settle his hand inside his chest, rip apart his ribcage and roll around, gloriously, in his viscera. It was
Oooookay, here it is. I hope you enjoy. We are getting into the super nitty gritty now and I can only try to do it justice! Please let me know if there is anything I can do to make it better. I stress, you know!
The Omega closed his eyes briefly, wondering if that quick explanation and admittance of guilt would be enough. He prayed it would be. Going any further into what actually happened would be a painful and ignominious affair.
St. Bart’s was a bit of a distance from the Highlands Centre, so it was either the tube or a cab. Since the Omega was passably clean and wearing some of his better clothing, he figured the tube would be the most economical. He was just about to descend into the closest Underground station when his mobile dinged once again.
John was roughly flipped over onto his back, his vision greeted by the taller, unarmed man holding a glinting syringe. It only took a moment for them to callously pull down his soaked jeans, and administer the injection in this thigh. John didn’t make a noise, he didn’t even move. They had won, for now.
John decided to walk to Baker Street. He had a surplus of energy and anger that needed to be released; he figured physical exercise was the best way to do this.
“I dislike all this faffing about, let’s just begin shall we?” Sherlock turned his prismatic gaze to the good Doctor and grasped a fat manila envelope sat on the coffee table between them, “as I have said before, I am a consulting detective for Scotland Yard. Now, before you even ask what that means, let’s just say that when the police are out of their depth, which is always, they come to me.”
John turned away, looking through the tinted window and outside into the bustling streets of London. It was all he could do to still his rage, breathing exercises be damned.
the murderer, the police wouldn’t even be here questioning his motives. They’d be in their little Yard, at their silly little desks with their disgusting office coffee, blithely ignorant and forever remaining that way. He
If he truly thought about it, he supposed he could admit to himself he had been studiously avoiding all reflective surfaces as of late. He didn’t want to see the effects of malnourishment and homelessness had on a 35 year old ex-army doctor then, and to be honest, he didn’t want to see it now. But there was nothing for it, he had actively avoided looking upon his pitiful visage for weeks (hell, even months), and now he knew why.
John wasn’t sure what that was supposed to mean, but Dr. Wilkes’ long, lingering stare didn’t leave much to the imagination.
“A headache?” He responded darkly, not believing the taller man for a second. He was no stranger to Sherlock’s dry wit, and after his last patient shambled out the door, he was feeling quite exhausted. “Sorry, Sir, but my office hours have ended. No more Dr. Watson after half seven, you see.”
Trudi returned his smile, her eyes wrinkling at the corners, conveying true mirth. Once again, John hoped she wasn’t a part of all this. She seemed a truly gentle and kind soul; it would be a shame if she had to go down with the likes of Wilkes and Adler.
John didn’t blame her. After meeting Sherlock, he knew the power inherent in an apex. This was one of nature’s cruel tricks…one of the many evolutionary pitfalls that kept the Omega’s subservient and bred, popping out babies and leaving them doe-eyed and compliant in the face of reproductive slavery, essentially. Of course, John had never personally experienced true Omega social bias, but as a latent, his less than stellar treatment was more subtle. It was more insinuation and prejudice, comments under the breath and long, cold stares. It didn’t help that apex Alpha’s themselves were a world unto their own. They were almost always rich or royal, coming from old bloodlines with old money and expected all the worshipful treatment that came with that social status. For all that Omega’s were the life-givers of the world; they didn’t have much in the way of autonomy or political rights. It was bloody unfair, the army doctor thought bitterly.
The Highlands Centre was a monstrosity constructed of metal and glass. Having been built only a few years ago, it suffered from the same lack of character that afflicted many modern buildings in London nowadays (excepting the Gherkin, that certainly had
The atmosphere in the room was calm but rife with tension, as if everyone inside was inhaling and holding their breaths, unsure of whether actual breathing was advisable. The entire team came highly qualified, all of them were licensed in ALS, and half of them were medics and A&E nurses looking for something a little less intense. Unfortunately, today wasn’t their day.
After the second shock showed sinus tachycardia (something manageable, thank God), and the ensuing successful intubation, they all allowed themselves a moment of blessed relief. Amy checked and rechecked the settings on the vent, before turning to John, her curly blonde hair falling into her eyes.
“Well…I did ask you to tell me about yourself.” He replied, chuckling and clicking his penlight repeatedly.
, pulling himself out of his own head and back into the dimly lit London morning. The memory was sudden and intrusive, completely unbidden, but even dulled now with time the emotional destruction of the attack had stayed with him for years. It was one of the reasons he decided to become a doctor and enlist in the RAMC.
A frantic voice from off screen broke into Dr. Frankland’s narration. The camera wobbled, then was abruptly placed on its side, giving the audience a full (although sideways) view of Dr. Frankland and two other men (possibly aides) gathering around the small cot in the centre of the room.
Sound…with a low, guttural growl, the man grasped John’s smaller body and flipped him over onto his stomach. The Omega managed a weak cry as his aching cock brushed sinfully against the silken sheets (silk? they must be silk, nothing else would feel so damn glorious),
“And what is this? A cigarette? How could this possibly be related to the murder?” Donovan peered at the bag with obvious scepticism, locking eyes with each man in turn, except Sherlock. “It could be from anyone, and anywhere, what with the rain. This is a waste of time, boss, he’s obviously having a laugh!”
Sherlock whipped his head around, his coat and long legs turning just as quickly afterwards. If his calculations were correct (and they almost always were), the shooter would’ve had to have been standing right…
“Dr. Wilkes, we’ve a few more applicants lined up outside and I thought I’d help move things along. I figured I can finish up with Mr. Watson while you start on the next?” She held a weathered clipboard close to her body, the metal clip at the top barely keeping the multitude of papers adequately clamped.
“Take these once a day and Jeremy will set you up with appointments twice a week.” The woman rummaged through yet another deep drawer in her desk, pulling out a thin booklet that looked to be some kind of information packet, “this explains what the medication is, how it works, and what kind of side effects you may experience. All in all, we don’t generally see too many adverse reactions but, better safe than sorry.”
The Beta placed a thick, lubricated finger to John’s opening, pushing in lightly with a purposeful rocking motion that John knew for certain was
“My, my, little brother, Miss Hooper will be ever so upset.” Mycroft warned, his voice bouncing off the ceramic walls of the morgue. The Alpha stood near the entranceway, ever-present brolly by his side, and a stern look on his narrow face that caused Sherlock pause.
Lovely, someone wanted to converse with him. Well, this certainly won’t end in misery and consternation.
He rolled his sleeves back down once he realized he was in no danger of haemorrhaging from the tiny pinprick on the inside of his elbow, then shrugged his coat back on. He felt his movements were exaggerated and slow, but that could just be from the pounding in his head and the sharp, lancing pain down his right leg.
The Omega cleared his throat once, uncomfortably ashamed and suddenly very cold. Not for the first time he wondered why this kept happening to him. Did he appear so weak and helpless? What was it about him that called to these
Sherlock parted his lips, possibly to utter some scathing remark, but was interrupted by a strange hollow knocking sound near the hallway door. Jerking his head ever so slightly to the left, the Alpha’s eyes narrowed in annoyance, and perhaps disgust. John followed his gaze and twisted his torso round to see what could have possibly have garnered such a reaction.
The good doctor stilled a moment on the dimly lit landing above the top flight of stairs. He could hear a low murmur, most assuredly Sherlock’s voice, ebb and flow around the space below him. It appeared he was on his mobile, and the conversation was unpleasant. John cracked his knuckles. Good.
The buzz in his brain was never-ending, a cottony miasma he couldn’t quite force his way through. He remembered flashes of lights, vague, blurry shapes, and a voice.  There was only one voice, a soft, warm tone that spoke only to him in kind words of reassurance and stability.
“Fine.” The dark-haired man answered gruffly, turning on one heel and rapidly walking away from the Omega.
around his Omega dick) would be enough to push him over the edge. Instead he breathed, moist and supple into the air of the flat he breathed, Sherlock groaning and grunting as he pleasured John selflessly.
And so the scene was set, each macabre player perfectly positioned, appearing sallow and tired under the intensely glaring lights.
fine. Just make sure you buy something for you and me that’ll keep our bellies from rumbling for at least one more night. I’ll…figure something else out for tomorrow.”
A blush crept across her cheeks as she noticed his glance at the journal. “Oh, I know it doesn’t make for riveting reading but, we’re both doctors…so, I thought maybe it would bore you to consciousness?”
It was a longshot, but if he could just get a little bit more light, he moved gracefully under one of the closest streetlamps, face ethereal and serene its concentration, and then…ah…
“Mr. Holmes,” John breathed, eager to allay the man’s fears. Really, the risk of damage to the cortex was extremely remote. “I have the utmost confidence –“
“Hmm…895?” Her brow wrinkled attractively, warm brown eyes becoming quite focussed in concentration. She tapped a well-manicured finger to her chin, until she brightened and awarded John with a brilliant smile, “Oh, I remember! We just recently had a medical group switch suites, water damage and flooding you know, some malfunction of the sprinkler system apparently. In any case, we didn’t have any more suites available so we had to re-locate them to one of our larger conference area. It’s just down the way over here,” she shrugged once, a slight look of irritation coming over her perfectly made up face, “I guess they decided to name it Suite 895; would have been nice if they’d decided to tell
This was all before he noticed an intrusive figure, and certainly not one of his own making, lurking about the foyer. She was a young woman, relatively pretty (though a bit large in the teeth), with caramel-coloured skin and thick, curly hair looped through an elastic practically stretched to the limits of its endurance. She noticed his presence at once, an earnest and severe look settling upon her face.
He made no indication he heard her. In fact, he didn’t move or twitch even once. For all he reacted, he might not even know she was in the room. She crossed her arms with a huff, her gauzy cerise dress wrinkling at the elbows.
He succumbed to the dimness, once more falling into the trench, as dark and bottomless as his fevered dreams.
“Right, is this where you’re going to do your little trick then?” Anderson’s snide, nasally voice floated over the from behind Sally, vibrating in noisome little waves in the pit of Sherlock’s stomach.
That seemed to break the hormonal fugue for Sarah, and to Sherlock’s credit, he appeared bored and quite unaware of the sexual stew the woman had worked herself into.
She crossed the room in a few measured strides, and John noticed for the first time that she was barefoot. The lissom beauty flexed and arched her feet with every step, as if enjoying the tactile sensation of soft carpet upon her soles. When she reached her desk, she pulled out a small silver key on a delicate chain from somewhere within its drawers.
As the shock began to set in, he heard a distant screech of anger, then voided his bladder and retched, tenacious globs of bilious mucous glopping wetly onto the floor.
“What did you say to him?” He knew they had been talking, as both he and Sarah had heard their low, hushed conversation as they approached.
His entire body shook, trembled, and he was immensely confused when he went to place his hand against his face and realized he was unable to move. It wasn’t normally like him to sleep flat on his back (at least he hadn’t since his army days), and he didn’t usually sweat to this degree either.
He finally got his wish, after all this time, he’d finally found it, and the elation that came with this realization was soul-shattering, a veritable supernova of emotions he’d buried inside himself so long ago he’d thought he’d never love, or let anyone ever love him in return, ever again.
“Greg? No. Sorry don’t know him, but he sounds terribly dull,” the Alpha stalked towards the DI, putting his right hand out in front, expecting the other man to pass over the evidence as requested.
Gloria stepped forward then, heels clicking. “He has a…Mycroft Holmes listed as his emergency contact sir. I have his number here.” She handed him a bright pink post-it note that would have been amusing had the situation been any different.
John felt a certain heaviness settle in his chest, a type of breathless, squeezing pressure clasping about his lungs so that inhaling became more than just difficult, but a distant memory. He felt this often now, when he thought about the Alpha and how they were both so different. They both came from such vastly opposite worlds that it still mystified John as to how he managed to become caught in the taller man’s orbit. The only problem was that the trajectory of said orbit (his more than Sherlock’s) seemed to be circling ever and ever closer, till he could only imagine the two of them colliding and neither of them being the better for it. Of the two of them, only one would survive such an impact, and John was certain it would not be an ex-army doctor with a bum hip and disfigured shoulder.
The fact that the man was trying to make any kind of attempt at conversation was absurd. Couldn’t he see how uncomfortable John was? What the
He didn’t stop to think what kind of sight he made: a scruffy, too skinny, and underfed Omega, furtively darting around the room with the seat of his pants soiled by his own secretions. At this point, it didn’t really matter; his mind had assessed his situation, stamped down on any non-essential bodily functions, and formed a plan of attack. While he knew nothing of the layout of the place, he knew how to fight, he knew how to damage sensitive soft tissue, and he knew how to do it quickly and silently. The gun was only a last resort.
His vision swam; it pitched and lurched in varying degrees, making him disoriented and sick to his stomach (Jesus, he was out of practice!). Vaguely, he was aware that he was still involved in a rather ill-advised skirmish he should have never wandered into to begin with. Bright spots of pain snowy white lights danced across his sight, doing nothing to hold back the fuzzy edges of darkness that encroached upon the edges of his vision. Weakly, the Omega made to stand, sit up…anything; but it was a useless effort. Weakness settled on his limbs like a succubus resting heavily on chest, making his breathing quick, labored, and shallow.
“Not my fault,” the man whose fist John had just become painfully intimate with stepped over his crouched form and lit a fag, “don’t make me wait too long.”
“Marcus…please, you’re hurting me. You need to let me go right now,” he whispered, pleaded, a note of distress making his voice slightly higher than normal. “You don’t know what you’re doing,
The next step was to call Mycroft Holmes and obtain his consent – and with any luck, Sherlock Holmes would remain sedated for the next few days while John and his team worked out the kinks of the procedure, hopefully with as little additional time lost as possible.
James moved his hand from his eyes and traced John’s jaw, his calloused finger tripping over the smallest bits of stubble.
Brandy placed a trembling hand over her swollen belly, face flushing in bright splotches of red. After a moment, her lower lip began to quiver. “I said I was
Agony coursed through the back of his thigh, searing and singeing its way through his nervous system, alighting each and every dermatome crosswise across his body.
John didn’t take the phone, he only stared at the object for a bit, reached into his pyjama bottoms and extracted the folded piece of paper Mycroft had given him a scant few hours before. He had not read it, or even glanced at it yet.
John switched off to the scrub tech Casey, while Margie pushed the Adrenalin and Jade prepared another syringe of adrenalin. He placed the defibrillator pads in their places (upper right, lower left), as Casey continued his compressions and turned the dial to 150 Joules.
“Also detained…I suspect neither of them will see anything other than four solid cell walls for a good long time. They are charging Wilkes with the deaths of least twelve young men, and Frankland as an accessory.”
John finally tore his eyes away from Sherlock’s depthless gaze and looked at the slightly crumpled piece of paper; its surface appeared softened by frequent handling. He regarded it quite dubiously, unsure of the taller Alpha’s intentions.
“I’ve never had an Omega in my company before, let alone a latent. I guess you can chalk that up to the new anti-discrimination laws the government was so keen to force upon us all. So, believe me when I tell you that this is something new to me. You’re not likely to see many Omegas in the service, regardless of whether or not they can join. It’s just not something they generally
Anderson held it aloft, a flush creeping up his narrow face, he sighed rather loudly before speaking. “DNA evidence. It could be from our killer.”
“Please take it John, it may pique your interest…it may also change your mind.” He straightened his arm only a fraction more and the paper practically touched John’s striped chest at this point.
Jimmy nodded and slumped his way out of the bungalow. John shook his head, youth these days. He wondered if his parents and other relative authority figures had ever thought the same about him when he was in his younger days. Probably not, John had always tried to be a good kid, regardless of whatever trouble his gender caused him.
John was correct, Sherlock was speaking to someone on his mobile, and his handsome faced carried an unpleasant, pinched quality that should have alarmed the Omega. But he paid it no never mind. John stood stiffly by the last stair, only about two metres away from Sherlock, who stared at the good doctor like a dying man stairs at a fresh flowing stream of water. Though he continued to speak into the mobile, it was patently clear that all his attention was on the diminutive blond in front of him.
“You’ll have to think of something else,” John shrugged, waving a hand towards the posh Alpha across from him. Mycroft was sat in Sherlock’s well-worn leather and metal chair, looking more uncomfortable by the moment. He was ill-suited to cheap furniture, it seemed. John had visions of rich mahogany desks and sumptuously upholstered divans; this seemed more Mycroft’s style.
. There’s a reason I’ve been avoiding you. Just…leave me alone.” His vision swam for a moment, tilting the world at odd angles. He rubbed a dirty hand down his face, aware that he while he certainly
The Alpha’s mouth twitched in an unconscious grin as he deftly unbuckled John’s belt and pulled it, sinuously, in one swift motion out from the loops and tossed it away, unconcerned as it landed in a serpentine heap across the room by the printer.
that fulsome, oily twat. John had gladly pummelled bullies like him in the Army, and it was too bad he couldn’t do so now. He muttered an angry ‘good riddance,’ as he slammed the black door shut and limped briskly away from the sedan and into the double doors of the hospital. He still didn’t have his mobile, Mycroft assured the analysis would be complete by this evening, and even though he’d lived quite happily on the streets without one for months, he suddenly felt quite naked without that brick of metal and plastic nestled quietly inside his jeans.
“And what?” The younger man queried, running a hand through his already mussed curls. “It doesn’t make any difference to me, John, you are still you.”
A very quick update because I sat on that first chapter for a while, and had this one almost finished as well. So, yay! Not much action yet, more exposition and plotty plotness. I think it'll be okay though. This one is unbeta'd because I am impatient and impulsive. All mistakes and general crappiness are mine! I don't think the next update will be nearly as quick, sorry!
” Sherlock’s voice was smooth and deep, a viscous liquid that roiled around his primitive brain in currents that whispered of lust, longing, and millennia of sexual acquiescence. John’s own bodily response could not be diminished, regardless of how confused and wonderfully frightened he felt in this moment; and underneath that one simple word, a rumbling murmur (almost like a purr), vibrated from the Alpha’s chest.
He had had a lot of those dreams as of late. They were laden with the scent of tea leaves, dirty oatmeal jumpers, thin but perfectly formed pink lips, and the taste of caramel and chocolate remained like sweet and salty echoes on his tongue.
Sherlock more than felt the rush of deep, deep sorrow that seeped from inside the church and settled into his bones, he
fairly intrusive), and finally hung up the phone. When he removed his hand from the leather top of his office chair, he glared at the damp handprint he left behind. It was a testament to his nerves, and one more reminder of the importance of the procedure.
“Right so…exam’s all done John, Trudi here will draw your blood for some tests and then Dr. Adler will see you in a bit. Enjoy the rest of your day.”
Hello again everyone! Another update, I added some extra stuff to the tags to cover what's in this chapter. I tried to be descriptive without getting too icky with it. In any case, if you have been following, then you should know there is a dead body described in this chapter.
Sherlock grunted, a noncommittal shrug accompanying the sound as he moved away to peer down the bright cylinders of the microscope once more.
Sherlock smiled to himself with rapturous, possessive glee…John had never had an Alpha, only Betas, and who could ever compare?
With each painful step bringing him towards what remained of Jimmy, John could feel the Army Doctor settling firmly into place. It was a comfort to revert back to a familiar military mind-set, Sherlock was right about that, and John could use some comfort at this moment.
Sherlock stares at him, hard, for a moment, hands steepled in front of him. He stands slowly, takes the step that crosses their whole room, and kneels in front of John.
"I think they had one themselves, actually. They feel repulsed by it, so they wish to make others just as ugly as they are."
The ember smoldering away in his stomach began to heat. This feeling, he had forgotten, was happiness. He leaned down, pressing kisses from the bridge of John’s nose to the dip of his mouth. John’s hands came up from where they had been trapped between the two, rooting his fingers in the dark curls as he drew them closer together.
Sherlock was in the middle of a dead sprint out of the main factory to the ammunitions plant when he heard it.
“People have done worse for less. Genghis Khan conquered the entire Khwarezmid Dynasty over a murdered ambassador.”
"And what of every other day that you've save me from bodily harm? What of them? You should think of it as me returning a long overdue favour."
"Your estimations on my height were off by ten feet, Lestrade, as I am six, although that was most likely one of your attempts to highlight a physical quality of mine in a negative light in order to undermine me. As for the other statements you made, do you honestly think that I have gotten this far in my life without having some
“But you almost were.” His mate said, bringing his head up to glare at him. “Due to our own errors in judgment. Due to the fact that we sacrificed each other at the altar of duty, what we felt we owed the world. Mark me now: I will not do it again. Do you understand? Not even if we get into another bloody war, which already seems inevitable.”
“You’re plenty contentious,” Sherlock snorted. “And what concerns you concerns me; that was the agreement we made when we bonded, was it not? Now: start with the first point.”
In the blink of an eye they were outside, and he threw his husband down on the roof of the noodle house, his body knocking against the chimney.
