“That’s our Mr. Brodie.” Violet pointed out. “Buying tea leaves, marmalade, glue, meatballs and shoe polish. He went back in next day to buy the other things for me, including the tonic.”
“Not this late, they’ll have gone home for their tea hours ago. I only have a couple of char ladies who come in to clean in the mornings, and they leave by noon.” Violet made room at the window for Sherlock, who elbowed her out of the way.
Murdy cast a scathing look at her mutinous younger sisters, and sighed. “Flossie is Mrs. Dalhousie’s rotten little Pomeranian, and a Flossie special is a snowball which is fashioned with a surprise in the middle. I think what with being detectives, the pair of you can figure out the rest.”
She looked up at the man inquiringly, as if to check a vocabulary test with a teacher. He didn’t reply. “And I understand now, see? You being nice to us, giving me all those interesting books to read… nobody would possibly suspect you, would they? Coming round and saying that nobody should suspect Dad of such a terrible thing?”
“No, of course it isn’t, Miss Jessop. Perverting the course of justice, however...” Sherlock trailed off meaningfully.
“Um. I can see that you’re a little… overcome…” Sherlock murmured, breaking away after a minute or two. “It’s alright, you know, if you want to wait until-“
“Don’t be ridiculous, John. Bombs hardly ever tick nowadays. Analogue timers for explosives are completely redundant these days.” Sherlock said, absently scathing.
“Jesus Christ!” Lestrade seemed to sag slightly at the sight of them, dropping what looked like half a pound of stilton and a box of biscuits on the table. “Where the hell have you been?!”
“Quite. And despite everything, she was willing to get involved with him again.” Sherlock dug in his jacket pocket and unearthed a DVD. “This, I rather suppose, is one of the main reasons she felt the need to dispatch Garcia.”
“Yes, we inspected the bottle. It was definitely poisoned as well.” Sherlock said thoughtfully, paying no heed to the way Mr Antonelli swallowed and paled a little at this. “So at least five bottles were poisoned.”
John had hastily stolen this last scrap and resumed sweeping out the grate, hearing Sherlock’s feet bounding up the stairs.
“I suppose anyone could have picked it up. It’s not like this place is hard to get into.” John commented.
“John, as a medical professional, it is frankly ludicrous for you to be bashful about using the correct terminology. You were licking my perineum, and I think I made it extremely clear that I liked it.”
Although his body had barely moved in quite some time, Violet sensed that some indefinable tenseness had crept in. “-or not. If you don’t want to.” she added slowly.
Murdy was shaking her head almost as soon as he started talking. “No, that’s rubbish. I’ve never seen her drunk, ever.”
“Ten thousand pounds. In cash, no less.” Basil laughed a little humourlessly. “I don’t know where she got the idea that I could simply walk into the bank and take out ten thousand pounds in cash. That I could just take out that kind of money and not have the manager telephone my father within minutes. All my money is in a trust, you see – any major withdrawals need to be approved by my Pa. She was... rather put out. I gave her a grand, it was all I could manage. She wasn’t terribly pleased, but it was the best I could do.”
“I think it’s about time I started working on my own painting a bit more seriously.” Violet said pensively. “I haven’t exhibited my work in years, but I used to do quite well out of it. Katy was wonderful, I must say. She pretended to be me, attended the opening and appeared in all of the press photographs. I didn’t want to risk appearing in the papers, you see.” She explained, at John’s quizzical look. “As a result, however, I do have something of an unusual reputation of being a business savvy and mercilessly efficient artist in certain London galleries.”
Phyllis had her back to him and jumped sharply when he called a greeting to her when he was less than twenty feet away.
“Violet told me some things. You know, about her past.” John sighed, pushing the heavy glass panelled doors into the warm glasshouse. Sherlock looked at him sharply but did not respond. “It seems like Mycroft has quite a lot of stuff to hold over her head.”
“Wish I’d brought something rather stronger. But we did leave in a hell of a rush.” she remarked, pushing the thermos back into her bag and rummaging around for something else in it. “I know the tea’s vile but we all need some sugar. Have a Digestive while you’re at it.”
John stared at him, horror mounting at the pain and terror in Patrick’s face. His heart pounded in his chest, although his hands worked automatically; folding and pressing a white linen shirt against Patrick’s side. It stained and soaked through immediately, turning a deep and ghastly shade of red.
“What is it that you really care about?” Mycroft asked quietly, taking his pocket watch from his waistcoat pocket and glancing at it with a slight frown. “Surely you wish to find an occupation that will fulfil you?”
John shot Sherlock his most admonishing look. Sherlock affected a wounded expression. “Is there anything else you’d like to tell us? Any other things that you think might be of relevance?”
“I didn’t hear what Sandra was saying. I heard her, sort of sniffing a bit. But she might have had a cold, she might not have been crying. I could have been wrong. But I heard Freddie...” She wrung her hands fitfully. “He told her to go away. I heard him say ‘you better shut your...erm...effing.... mouth or I’ll shut it for you. Permanently’.” She blushed again. “He didn’t actually
He got to his feet and began to peel off his coat which he let fall to the stone floor with a faint splat. Murdy got out of her chair with a faint sigh and grabbed a towel and a blanket from the pile on the table. She disappeared into the scullery, presumably for some modesty. Sherlock evidently had no such qualms and stripped down to his pants, wrapped himself in a thick woollen blanket as swiftly as possible and returned to his fireside seat within seconds.
“Murdy, you saved a woman’s life earlier. The gloves don’t matter in the slightest,” John said gently. “It’s fine. Don’t worry about it.”
Violet had handed him a heavy waxed jacket from the cloakroom in the hall, and firmly pulled a warm knitted hat down over his ears; deaf to his feeble protests. Sherlock waved away all suggestions of extra layers for the bitter cold, and stared at Violet in utter disbelief when she suggested that he should wear a hat.
Sherlock inhaled deeply. “I want to tell you that I’m glad that you’re my friend, John,” he said after a long pause. “That I value your company more than I can say.”
Sherlock gently slipped the slotted spoon back into the pot and slowly lifted out the trembling white opaque oval. His eyes were narrowed and intent as he let the excess droplets of water fall back into the simmering water, and with a gentle smooth movement slipped it onto the willow-pattern plate that Violet held out.
“Well how about you, then?” John countered. “I bet you’ve got your top five nicely organised on a little laminated card in your wallet, don’t you?”
“I rather think that Mr. Marmaduke has fallen asleep. I can hear snoring.” Sherlock said, clearly deciding not to stoop to the tone of John’s conversation. “I’m going to risk it.”
Sherlock’s wooden delivery faltered a little, and he abruptly dipped his hair under the water to rinse out the shampoo. John still didn’t dare move. He didn’t trust himself to speak.
It was Phyllis, looking a little nervous but determined. John’s eyes widened as she made her way towards Hilary. He winced and reached out as she tripped over the edge of a Persian carpet, then breathed a sigh of relief as she caught herself at the last minute. Hilary watched her approach, her beautiful face twisting into a rather scornful expression as Phyllis stumbled and blushed.
Sherlock played on this quite a lot; as he found it much less bothersome than assuming a cheerful and genial air. John thought that it mainly gave him an excuse to act like more of an arse than usual, and that he, John, had to try even harder to get along with people as a result.
“Oh, but this was particularly special.” Miss Argyle said, a little coyly. “You see, we had just become engaged that very afternoon!”
“Miss Lee. I realise that she is a rather trying character; but if I hear that you have been anything less than
John studied Murdy curiously as she clung to her older sister. She seemed to have dropped her shoulders as low as they could go, and hunched them slightly so that she looked a good four inches shorter than she actually was. She was visibly trembling, her fingers shaking as she wiped at her crumpled red face. Her eyes were enormous and pleading, and her mussed hair made her look even more childlike and fragile. The missing boot and the wrinkled green striped sock on her foot added an odd sort of pathos to the scene. Real tears were pouring silently down her face, which impressed John considerably. Several people were already gazing at her sympathetically and murmuring compassionate words in her direction.
Mary shrugged, unapologetic. “He always did complain that he was the only one who took it these days. I knew you’d bring him up some tea in bed.” she half-smiled. “After all, you used to do it for me.”
“No, I tried to stop them because… because I know you don’t allow yourself to love many people. And I know what it would do to you to lose him. So please…
“So you won’t be wanting any dinner, then?” Violet asked sweetly, crossing the kitchen with a large plate of steaming pasta and setting it in front of John. The rich, salty tang of anchovies, chili, garlic and herbs assailed his senses and his mouth instantly began to water. He picked up his fork with a grin and speared a glistening black olive. Sherlock wrinkled his nose huffily, but his eyes never left the fork as it made its way towards John’s lips.
Phyllis glanced up and smiled distractedly as he passed her chair, before resuming her conversation with Katy about her imminent trip north to the Highlands.
Mr. Jameson half shrugged, looking a little awkward. “In a village like this, reputation means a lot. It’s very sad but I can’t imagine that the business will recover in a hurry; not if customers have to worry about buying poisoned food.”
Sherlock moaned as his hips began to move again. He steadily pushed into the hot damp space between John’s thighs, his cock pressing firmly against the sensitive flesh of John’s perineum and heavy aching balls. With each thrust, John felt himself edge closer and closer to release, dizzy with heat and lust and the sensation of Sherlock's body against his own, in some small way seeking
The windows of the bowling club that neighboured the village green were brightly lit, and inside a handful of women were busily unfolding wooden chairs in a large circle. John pushed the door open and poked his head into the small narrow hall. He cleared his throat a little awkwardly, catching the attention of a little old lady who was busily polishing a huge tea urn on a trestle table nearby.
To John’s great relief, it was nothing like the darkly explicit works that the police had found in the caravan dealership in Glasgow. Oddly enough, this was a painting of Phyllis. She was walking alone among the towering shapes of the topiary on the other side of the house, and her small figure seemed a little lost among the dense trees and shrubs. Her round face was thoughtful, but not sad or anxious. The painting was incredibly detailed, and almost shockingly realistic. John could make out the veins in the individual leaves in the foreground, and the shadows were sharp and perfectly defined. It looked as if it were summer in the painting, the sky overhead a milky blue and the grass of the lawn was lush deep green. And bizarrely, despite what he knew of Freddie Garcia’s character, John felt calm and somehow warm when he looked at it. He could almost feel the tranquillity of a clear summers’ morning. He almost believed that he could smell newly mown grass or hear the low drone of bees.
Mr Antonelli hadn’t exactly struck John as a criminal mastermind, but he tried to look encouraging. Sherlock on the other hand looked honestly intrigued at what she was saying, and seemed to be hanging on her every word. She preened a little.
“Don’t worry, I’ll go and find it myself.” John insisted. “It’s not important. And you were completely brilliant earlier, Murdy. ”
Murdy grimaced slightly, her stockinged toes wriggling on the edge of her chair. “What did you tell him?”
“I will certainly take the time to explore it more thoroughly, if I get the chance. Thank you so much for the chat. I wonder, Patrick, would you mind asking Miss Jessop to come and speak to us on your way out?”
in its’ entirety to a room full of Greek Orthodox priests. I did a bloody good job of it too, given that I was translating it simultaneously; and I did the actions too. I think my impression of the Jabberwock was a bit too bloodcurdling for some though. And at least three of the venerable gentlemen in the front row fell off their seats when I did the ‘Callooh! Callay!’ bit. You may be wondering how I got myself into such a tricky spot, of course. You see it all started when I accompanied this rather dashing fisherman called Spirodon and his kleptomaniac sister Lugarezia on a skiff between the islands of-“
“Well either he really believes that she’s a drunk.” she said eventually, twisting the end of the sash of her dressing gown between her skinny fingers. “Or… or he’s lying.”
Following Sherlock’s lead, John abandoned his bag in the large dim hallway and headed into the vast kitchen where Violet was putting on the kettle. His initial impressions of the house were confused; many of the curtains were drawn and it seemed very dark. Huge numbers of pictures lined the walls, and he caught the glassy eyes of a large stuffed bear under the stairs. (Honestly, what
“-for heavens sake! Honestly, George you are acting like a total twit; I don’t know what’s gotten into you! That was completely uncalled for, and I must insist that-“
Blindly, John stumbled from the room; taking the longer route around the kitchen table so that he didn’t have to walk past her. He shoved the heavy door open, letting it rebound loudly against the wall of the corridor as he half-ran away from the kitchen. Anger and panic were seething through him, threatening to overwhelm him completely. It frightened him badly. He had never experienced dread like this on a battlefield or fighting for his life in one of the darker corners of London. Perhaps not since that awful afternoon he had stood looking up at the grey façade of Barts, watching Sherlock’s silhouette against the darkening sky, hearing the tight grief in his voice. The sense of immense and imminent loss.
It took Sherlock a shamefully long time to force himself to look directly at the spot where he had last seen the injured youth, his gaze skittering around the melted and refrozen snow and scorched paint. He experienced a strange, horrible lurch when he saw that the space was empty; the rear door pushed wide and hanging by one protesting hinge. His core temperature seemed to drop by several degrees, the taste of bile intensifying in his mouth. He couldn’t hear John’s voice any more; stunned into silence while a bizarre white clamour filled his mind.
“Come along, John.” Sherlock said briskly, following Mackie out into the snowy churchyard. The sky was already growing steadily darker and the temperature had dropped noticeably even in the short time that they had been sitting in the cosy church outbuilding. Mackie nodded at them in farewell before tramping off towards the ill-lit village square.
“He wasn’t so interested in the Mesopotamian wax seals?” John asked, then grimaced. He hadn’t meant to say that out loud.
Sherlock glared down at his brother, taking in the way that Mycroft was leaning very slightly across the table as he conversed with Patrick. Singh for his part looked surprisingly animated; he had propped his elbows on the table and he was smiling as he nodded and listened to Mycroft. They had evidently found some common ground.
“I’m fairly sure he’s started wars over less.” Sherlock said flatly. “Has Inspector Menzies appeared yet?”
(Oh god. We talked about many things that morning in the bath, a lot of them awful. But before that bit, it was fucking amazing…)
After a brief gathering of supplies from the back of the jeep, the group began their descent into the valley. John was surprised at the downright nimble way Mycroft made his way down the steep slope, navigating piles of rocks and patches of ice with ease. He had never seen the man move with any kind of speed before today; remembered Sherlock sneering about how Mycroft detested legwork.
“Oh, shut up!” he sighed, and after a moment heaved himself to his knees. It took a moment longer to balance himself on his feet, clutching at a nearby boulder as his legs shook convulsively.
Mycroft smiled at her in an unnecessarily knowing way and shook her hand before she could attempt to kiss him.
John didn’t remember how he got from the threshold to the table. He seized George’s arms and hauled, distantly surprised by the wiry strength in the narrow biceps. George didn’t seem to have noticed his presence in the room and he let out a shout of surprise. He let his hand slip from Violet’s scarlet face and she drew a deep ragged breath; evidently he had been covering her nose as well as her mouth.
“Look, what would you have had me do?” Sherlock snapped, rather defensively. “Just let them both go under?”
Sherlock grinned suddenly, looking positively schoolboyish with his hair full of snowflakes. “You deserved it, as I recall. You deliberately sent me a text full of ridiculous abbreviations and punctuation faces.”
Sherlock kept hold of John’s wrists loosely, wrapping his large hands around them. John grasped Sherlock’s bony wrists and stared at the detectives hands.
“You… you gave all of the collections back?” John asked Violet curiously, leaning towards her a little.
, Hilary. I was hardly going to try and steal Basil away from you. You’re really talented; I was never going to outshine your work. You’re really beautiful. You’re clever. You’ve got every reason in the world to be a nice person, but you just can’t bring yourself to be one!”
“Yeah, well. I like your transport as it is, preferably with a full MOT and correct number of appendages. Come on, Sherlock. Time to get back there and start surviving, eh?”
Sherlock snorted, pulling John’s half empty plate towards himself. “They would both have been utterly miserable within a year.”
Margaret was wearing an apron and rubber gloves, and she was just getting to her feet as the three of them entered the main room. She had obviously just finished scrubbing the floor, which was spotless and wet. The air smelt strongly of lemon detergent and bleach. She nodded at Violet expressionlessly, easing her stiff back before dropping a hard bristled brush into a pail of dirty water. Katy was wearing a pair of old jeans and a grubby creased blouse, her short dark hair covered by a blue cotton scarf. She was busily returning the easels to their places, obviously having moved them out of Margaret’s way.
Sherlock, who would possibly dismiss the whole issue with one of his “humans are incomprehensible and more trouble than they are worth” faces.
“I suppose we should be glad,” she murmured wearily. “At least there hasn’t been a murderer in our midst this week at all.”
“I merely mean that Captain Watson here won’t permit you to lead my dear brother into temptation.” said Mycroft sweetly. “You won’t, will you, John?”
“It’s not a very interesting story.” John murmured, turning over to face Sherlock. He hadn’t been aware that his friend was conscious; he himself had been awake for a while, gazing absently into the shadows over his head as he replayed the events of the night before over and over again. His stomach twisted pleasurably every time he remembered Sherlock’s hands on his chest, the warmth of his lips touching John’s own. What might have happened if they had kissed for just a few minutes longer?
“Funny. You’ve apologised more to me today more than you did the whole time we were together.” he said tightly.
A casual glance at the end of Mrs. Duncan’s bed did not reveal the usual clipboard of notes in the bracket there. John glanced around the cubicle, and took in the bunches of flowers, bright potted poinsettias and cheerful greetings cards around her. “It’s obvious that your friends have been worried about you.”
“What on earth are you accusing me of, Miss?” he asked hoarsely after a moment. “Honestly, I’ve had one of the worst weeks of my life and this just about puts the tin lid on it. It’s not funny, what happened to Alice and the others. It’s not a joke. I’m surprised at you, lass."
Sherlock said this in such an utterly blasé tone that it made John grin a little. “So you don’t mind about the tartan carpets and Americans, then?”
“We found one Sherlock’s grandmothers old frocks in one of the wardrobes.” Violet explained, regarding Murdy with a mixture of slight amusement and approval. “Luckily she was a fine boned thing; although I’m fairly sure on her that dress was full-length. Can’t do anything about the boots, sadly.”
“Yes, our time in Edinburgh certainly seems a long time ago now.” Patrick smiled, coming a little closer and resting the box on the edge of a shelf. “I do hope that you and the younger Mr. Holmes have had a pleasant Christmas?”
John jumped as the ornate carriage clock above the mantle struck the hour, then sighed. Sherlock was still in the conservatory; it had been well over two hours now. He sighed quietly, resting the book in his lap, and stared out the window. He hadn’t bothered drawing the curtains and he could make out branches swaying through the thick rippled glass. Beyond the faint outline of Blackford hill in the distance, he could see the pinpoints of stars in the clear dark sky.
She raised a bony shoulder and shook her head briefly. “Not the kitchen. I come and borrow books now and again. I’m just good at finding stuff, is all. Mrs. Duncan’s going to be in a right state when she comes home to see this place; usually it’s so clean you could eat your tea off the floor.”
“Here.” Biceps said shortly, grabbing a sweater at random and shoving it at Sherlock. It was John’s, the teal green sweater that Violet had knitted. Sherlock’s hand latched onto it feebly, and he clutched it to his chest with all the strength he could muster.
The girl wrinkled her nose in a disgruntled fashion and swung herself up on the windowsill next to him. She idly drummed her heels on the heavy Victorian radiator beneath, in time to the fast-paced reel. Together, they watched the groups of dancers.  John’s eyes widened in slight alarm as dancers in circles of four began to spin so fast that the women were slowly lifted off their feet, supported on the shoulders of the men on either side.
“She’s a small woman. Around a size four or five at the most, do you think?” John queried, taking out his phone and using it as a torch to get a closer look at the prints on the ground.
“Well, I decided that your old service revolver needed replacing after that incident down at the wharf.” Sherlock said dismissively, still not turning around. “Do you… is it-“
There was still no sign of Sherlock, and John deliberated quickly before following Patrick. (Bloody Sherlock, who was probably having a chat in a nice warm pub and having some bloody nice Scotch and was not freezing
[I was cruel to you in so many ways. I wasn’t even aware of it most of the time. I read it in your face in the aftermath and it burnt us both. And we usually just ignored it and moved on. Did I scar you? Think I wanted to, sometimes. The night of your wedding I was so furious, so blindly incandescent with rage – not just at you but yes, a
It seemed to take a ridiculously long time to get back to Hilderbogie house, although it couldn’t have been more than a couple of minutes’ drive across the grounds. Patrick pulled up outside the kitchen door, and within seconds Violet wrenched it open; her face tense.
“Just the two of you?” John inquired, curious. It hadn’t seemed like Violet was all that keen on mixing with the students. “Do you do that often?”
From the study down the hall, he could hear Murdy and Sherlock moving piles of books and furniture around, the dragging creak of a heavy desk being pushed aside. Distractedly, John replaced the heavy silver frame back down on the table and followed them into the room.
The lettering on the spines of the books was becoming blurrier, the letters sliding down and tumbling into a mess on the shelf below. The fire was burning lower and lower in the grate, the room edging further into darkness. The only remaining brightness was coming through the window; the lamps were unlit although he had been almost sure there had been a couple lit when he entered the room.
Patrick’s eyes met John’s across the table, looking more than a little concerned at the scene. John raised his brows and shrugged minutely; it was far from a comfortable atmosphere but he knew better than to attempt to intervene. Sherlock’s eyes were hooded in the dim candlelight, the sharp lines of his face thrown into a stark contrast of smooth pale skin and dark shadowed hollows.
Sherlock nodded and swallowed hard. He stood and pulled John to his feet, before carefully folding the shawl and draping it over his arm. John felt the need to keep touching him for some reason, and rested his hand in the small of Sherlock’s back as they made their way down through the shadowy conservatory.
“Why, thank you.” John said with a grin, rearranging his legs so that Sherlock had more room at his end of the tub. Sherlock didn’t deign to answer, slipping deeper and resting the back of his head against the lip of the bath. Their legs ended up comfortably tangled, one of Sherlock’s feet coming to rest on John’s inner thigh.
Murdy nodded, her teeth chattering. John spared a glance at her as she wobbled to her feet, but she seemed capable of walking. Sherlock groaned and rolled over, before heaving himself upright. With Patrick’s help, they made their way to the large black jeep that stood on the lawn nearby, its engine still running.
“What’s for dessert?” Sherlock asked, once he had cleaned the second plate. Patrick leaned back in his chair, perhaps slightly concerned that Sherlock might explode.
Sherlock didn’t seem inclined to say any more, and John certainly wasn’t going to ask him for more detail. He was glad that Sherlock was facing away from him. It meant that he couldn’t see the tears that were slowly inching their way down his face. Sherlock didn’t need to see that.
glower at me every time I stayed here. I put up with more than enough of that when she lived at Hilderbogie.”
She looked at him pleadingly. “I know everyone is saying it was Freddie. But I just can’t believe it of him, Dr. Watson. He and Sandra had their ups and downs; but I can’t imagine him doing something so awful, not even as a joke. I think it must have been someone from outside, some stranger who sneaked in when no one was watching. Really, I’m sure that’s what must have happened.”
But that didn’t explain everything away; like how Mrs. Hudson’s aged boiler got mysteriously replaced while she was on holiday in Majorca. Or how a few months previously, Molly Hooper had managed to find a much nicer flat a lot closer to Barts, at an almost ludicrously low rent. John had noticed Mr. Chatterjee quietly handing out cups of tea and sandwiches to members of the homeless network on several occasions, which somehow coincided with Sherlock beginning to slide unmarked envelopes over the counter of Speedy’s every month. John knew better than to call attention to any of these things; but he certainly noticed them.
“Will do. Cheers, Greg.” John said, hanging up and turning to face Sherlock. “Who the hell would have broken in to 221b?”
, really. Nobody wants to come in here, not when they reckon they could buy something riddled with poison. I couldn’t even
“She must have seen Mrs. Duncan down here,” Sherlock observed, gesturing down a steep track that branched off from the main woodland path that led onto Hilderbogie estate. They stopped, both men listening hard.
The few passers-by she encountered stopped and stared as she pounded past, her long hair streaming behind her as she ran.
“Nobody is trying to steal your blogger, Sherlock.” he grinned, setting the jumper carefully aside. “And if they did, they wouldn’t have a hope.”
The occasional brief flicker of his left eyelid reassured Sherlock that Narek was still engrossed in his phone on the other side of the back seat. The unpleasant youth was breathing through his open mouth in a manner that suggested both adenoidal issues and a distinct lack of dental hygiene. It was becoming increasingly difficult for Sherlock to maintain his neutral, unconscious expression. His left cheek had developed an agonising itch from being pressed against the polyester upholstery [vile] and he was increasingly uncomfortable due to being sprawled and crumpled in the footwell like a discarded toy.
“Oh.” John said blankly. “Well Mrs. Hudson’s away for the holidays, down in Cornwall. I mean, you know us: we probably didn’t leave the place all that tidy. Are you sure?”
“I hardly think that you need to worry about that, Mrs. Duncan.” Sherlock said, with such an unexpectedly kind note in his voice John fought the urge to turn and stare. “After all, you didn’t know that the tonic water was poisoned.”
them to anyone.” Sherlock continued, batting his hand away. “I was merely attempting to lighten the mood earlier.”
The fire was dying down rapidly, flames devouring the dry old logs before Sherlocks’ hazy eyes. He forced himself every so often to heave himself forward and extract another from the pile, feeding the fire. He was slightly concerned about allowing himself to fall asleep – there was still a reasonable chance he could freeze to death if the fire went out for long enough. An icy draft leaked constantly around the edges of the dilapidated door and through the unglazed window, causing the flames to dance and flicker.
“Nothing to tow it with,” Violet reported, slamming the boot shut loudly. “No rope in there. Anything in your one?”
Patrick laughed quietly, opening the jars of ingredients that Violet had handed him and leaving them within arms reach of the stove. “Goodness, Mr. Holmes. That seems a terrible cruelty to John; if you’ve been able to cook like Violet all this time.”
for the fish in my case, John!” Sherlock wheedled, attempting to wrestle the second microscope into his own luggage.
He looked at her sharply, stepping back a little. She held his gaze evenly for a long moment before turning away; moving around to the other side of Charlie’s head. There had been a glimpse of understanding in her eyes that he couldn’t quite fathom.
The force of his desire for Sherlock kept surprising him; he kept on expecting it to evaporate somehow. It shouldn’t feel this marvellous, or this natural to be lying half-naked in the arms of a man. He wasn’t used to it. It felt so different, the size and weight and scent of him. When he felt Sherlock’s erection pressing against his own, surely it should make him at least a little unsettled rather than this new fierce joy and excitement?
John grasped his knees and waited. It seemed that several years passed and the cold sank into his bones mercilessly. He received a few pitying glances from passers-by, and more than a few suspicious ones. He attempted to appear as non-vagranty as possible as a police officer walked past. It was probably only an hour or so until an achingly familiar figure came striding around the corner and towards 221b. Sherlock's face was tired and tense, but he seemed reassuringly sober. His coat streamed behind him as he quickened his pace, seeing John on the steps.
“Might be Murdy.” John said, hearing a hesitant knock. “We’re supposed to go give statements at the station later, and finish wrapping up the case…” he trailed off, stopping dead when he spied the slight figure standing on the other side of the door. He could see her though the pane of glass in the kitchen door, slightly distorted but instantly recognisable.
“You told us that Garcia was heading for London, and yet he turns up dead on the London Road in Glasgow. Quite an error, really.” Sherlock said blandly.
He was more than half hard by the time his hand reached his cock and he inhaled deeply as he trailed his fingers gently over the length of his growing erection. He remembered the way Sherlock had kissed him in the hallway, the way the man had felt in his arms that morning, moaning his name... grinding his hard cock against John's. The way his beautiful mouth had latched onto John's erect nipple as he came...
Katy nodded at him and smiled a little, and it struck him that this was probably the most relaxed he had ever seen her.
“Don’t worry. That bolt will withstand a lot, and I jammed a chair under the doorknob, just to be on the safe side. I also took a gun and a couple of knives off her before I dragged her in.”
Charlie ignored him patiently, his breath roiling white through the still air as he stared ahead down the path. Griz patted him, running her hand down his shining flank and picking a stray pine twig from his long black tail. John could feel the warmth radiating from the horses body, and after a moment he risked taking a step closer; reaching out to press his cold hand against the long black and white neck. Charlie snorted loudly, making him jump a little.
There was an appalled look from a passing woman who was carrying a toddler. John made frantic “shut up!” noises at Sherlock who heaved a heavy sigh and remained silent until she reached the end of the carriage.
Mr. Brodie nodded at Patrick’s book, which turned out to be a biography of Samuel Peploe. “Bit of a clue, that. He did some work round here back in the 1930’s. He may well have popped in for tea with your granny, Sherlock.”
“After me, then!” Sherlock spun on his heel and darted round the side of the chain link enclosure. John followed him so swiftly his knees hit the back of Sherlock’s billowing coat. One of the men gave a shout and he could hear the staccato noise of their feet hitting the broken pavement as they gave chase.
He turned with a smile to Sherlock as Mr. Brodie began the slow descent down the hilly road, and his words promptly died in his throat. Sherlock was staring straight ahead, absently biting on the knuckle of his right index finger. His face was carefully, worryingly blank.
“I’m sorry to interrupt the party.” Mycroft said politely. “Good evening Violet; I didn’t get the chance to say hello earlier.”
“How… how long?” Patrick murmured, the hoarse whisper startling John out of his horrified stupor. His chest was hitching shallowly, sweat beading his creased forehead.
Violet gave her a positively rakish grin before turning to Lestrade. Her mismatched eyes glittered thoughtfully. “So, I don’t know about you lot… but I feel like a game of billiards. Who’s with me?”
“They’re talking about Wagner.” Violet whispered, after a second or two. “Of course your bloody brother likes
John went to the inlaid mahogany table where several venerable looking bottles sat next to a crystal ice-bucket, and poured something at random into a tumbler.
“Sherlock, can’t you just tell me? I’m knackered and I’m pretty sure this drink is around three hundred percent proof.” John sighed.
“Nearly midnight.” John observed, glancing at his watch. “D’you fancy another drink or-“ he trailed off, frowning. Violet had paused on the edge of the crowd, the smile fading suddenly from her face. She was staring towards the doorway of the hall, and she dropped the arm of her partner without seeming to notice what she was doing. The farmer looked down at her in consternation, following her gaze and frowning curiously at whatever he saw in the doorway.
There was no trace of Violet in the kitchen, for which he was grateful. She must have stolen away, not wanting to intrude on the conversation. Her cup was gone from the table, and the two that John had set out for himself and Sherlock sat full on the kitchen table, steaming gently in the cool air. He grasped the back of one of the chairs, feeling suddenly nauseous and weak. Christ,
"Gone, and hopefully won't darken your door again for quite some time." John answered with relief. Katy gave him an approving smile.
This is a very short chapter compared to the others; but I think it works better this way. More updates in the next few days!
“Opium.” Sherlock said with a trace of relish. “Not heroin. Not morphine. Look at the breakdown of the compounds. Good old-fashioned
“Pruny!” Hector Antonelli remonstrated. “Try and be a bit more polite to the gentlemen, for pity’s sakes!”
He could feel the distinct sensation of heavy guage tires rolling over snow, could hear the whine-squeak of window wipers scraping over ice to the front and rear of the vehicle.
” John repeated forcefully, over Sherlock’s attempt to contradict him. “Look, the box was at the bowling club hall, where the Womens Institute meet. That doll came from the same place. The shawl it was wrapped in looks like jumble sale material, too.”
“The night before Freddie left!” John interjected. “George said that he was in here, smoking with Freddie. Were they smoking this, do you think?”
“I could probably make you something similar.” Sherlock offered. “Benzene isn’t difficult to procure.”
He had left Mycroft standing in the dark hallway, interestedly studying the many paintings that lined the walls. Sherlock’s elder brother was as relaxed as ever, wearing one of his usual impeccable three-piece suits and a beautiful cashmere overcoat. The very sight of the man put John’s teeth on edge.
“Oh, that’s alright!” Violet beamed. “We could look at some of my old sketches of you! I found some the other day, in one of my more ancient portfolios. I reckon I’d make a packet if I sold them to one of the newspapers, you know-“
your name is….” he smiled gently at her. “Tell me exactly why I shouldn’t slit your throat from ear to ear right now. Mycroft isn’t going to stop me, you can tell. Violet, well she said so herself: she doesn’t give a shit about you. God knows I deserve some kind of revenge. And you don’t know where they’ve taken him; so you’re of no bloody use at all to us. Tell me, Mary. Why shouldn’t I kill you?”
John reluctantly withdrew the gun, and helpfully prodded Duncan until he was face-down on the dusty carpet. After a certain amount of fumbling, Dalziell withdrew a pair of shiny handcuffs from his pocket and knelt to fasten them around Duncans wrists. Despite the fact that the cuffs were obviously rarely used; the movement had a certain amount of slick professionalism to it. John caught Sherlock’s eye and they shared a loaded glance. Sherlock grinned nastily at the police officer, who was busily tugging Reverend Duncan to his feet.
“-so glad that you and Mr. Holmes are here to help, Doctor Watson. Such a relief that we know it will all be solved soon. Poor Sandra, I mean really! It’s a real tragedy.”
“You know, Sherlock... I don’t really have to go back to London tonight. I think if I call the surgery this morning, they should be able to find somebody else in time.”
with the knowledge that John was ebbing away from him at this very minute. John was looking into Mary’s face by now, and wheels were beginning to turn. His doctor was gradually being swept away.
“Um...” John scrambled to think clearly, which was becoming more and more difficult. His blood was roaring in his veins.
“He seemed to take this well, although he did tell her father that he would have been honoured to marry her himself; that his intentions were true.” Violet stared out the window at the trees below, her beautifully shaped lower lip twisting a little. “Which was a handsome thing to say, when there was no danger of being held to it.
Armenia. Here was a relation of Jacob Trenet, in the company of a practically pubescent Armenian mobster and an older, obviously more experienced henchman.
“And Mr. Holmes, too! Good to see you again.” He turned politely to Sherlock with an outstretched hand.
“Don’t worry. Violet told us about the incident in the studio, before he left.” John said carefully. “Poor you. It must have been upsetting.”
“I’m glad you didn’t have to.” Sherlock said, wearily. After a moment, he reached out and patted her on the shoulder. It was an awkward, unpractised movement and she stared at his hand before he retrieved it in a hurry. “That is… your help has been invaluable already, Murdy. And yours too, Grizelda.”
John ignored this and shot a look at Basils flushed face. “Everything alright here?” he asked, feeling ridiculously like a teacher breaking up a schoolyard row.
"What are you doing in Hilderbogie, anyhow?” Pruny asked curiously. “Are you coming to look for clues in our shop?”
With a slight jolt, John realised that she was talking about life in the aftermath of the accident. She had probably still been limping, from her healing broken pelvis and leg. (Oh, god. What would her face have been like then? Her eye? She was still recovering from the crash, and she still cared for her husband and father in law for months until they died.)
A mournful looking girl of around seventeen wandered out, her eyes swollen and brimming with tears. She was dressed in a rather sad, floppy floral dress under a long trailing cardigan and she sniffed convulsively as she came into the corridor. Rab and Pruny rolled their eyes theatrically. She was accompanied by another girl, strong jawed and short-haired and dressed in very sensible walking gear and boots. She raised an eyebrow at the sight of John and Sherlock, but nodded at them civilly enough.
“He was going to attack me.” Murdy said thoughtfully, leaning forward to peer into the ministers’ face. “We all saw it. He had a knife in his pocket. He asked if anyone knew I was here. Who’s to know that it wasn’t self-defence?” she glanced up at Sherlock with a hard, glittering look in her eye. “You can’t tell me he doesn’t deserve it.”
Mycroft ignored this. “You must admit that you are the type of man who has… needs. The kind of needs that my brother cannot fulfil. It’s only a matter of time until you meet the next Mrs. Watson, and what then?” he waved his elegant hand in what he must have thought was a placating manner. “I mean, I realise that your current involvement with Violet is likely to be fleeting. But how long until you decide to leave Baker Street and settle down?”
“Yes, which is fine by me. Doesn’t mean that she’s planning to seduce me; it just means that she knows how you react when she does it.” John emptied the water from the large Belfast sink and wiped his hands on the towel in Sherlock’s hands. “You might have noticed that she touches Patrick quite a lot too. And I’m fairly sure she’s not trying to lure him into her bed either.” He frowned slightly. “At least I don’t think she is. Anyway, she’ll stop flirting with me if you stop looking like a thunderstorm every time she does it.”
“They weren’t yours to give away.” Mycroft said sharply, wiping the faint smile straight off her face.
“Excellent.” John rubbed his hands together, and looked down at the collection of unpaid bills, the cigarette papers and the torn birthday card.
the times when he slipped his service revolver into his pocket and raced down the stairs on Sherlock’s coat-tails; or when they undertook obscure research into the small hours of the night or pelted across roofs and down murky alleys after suspects. It made his strangely changeable eyes glitter with purpose and intent. John Watson was good in a way that Sherlock could only dimly fathom; but he wasn’t like other people. Sherlock didn’t care so much about
Violet let out a peal of laughter. “You wouldn’t think it to look at him now, eh? Good god, back then he was practically going around with the arse hanging out of his trousers. He wore these big sloppy jumpers with the cuffs all frayed. He used to chew them when he was thinking. Covered with holes from cigarette burns. He looked rather charming, actually.
She took a deep drag from her black and gold cigarette, her large almond shaped eyes narrowing. She was dressed in a narrow, sharply cut wool dress in a vivid shade of kingfisher blue that somehow made the colours of both her odd eyes even deeper. As she stood up, she slipped back into the pair of shocking pink crocodile pumps that lay discarded on the hearth rug; evidently wishing to make up some of their difference in height.
. And when I learnt to read, it was like looking at the night sky for the first time… It’s hard to explain. It was like… like having thought for years that each star was just a spot of light; and then realising that each and every one was an entirely new world. There was just so much to
“It’s fairly lifelike. She would easily have mistaken it for a real baby from a distance.” Violet remarked, carefully picking it up and checking the rest of the box.
John grabbed his arm before he could slip, unable to swallow his laugh entirely. He scanned the suspiciously empty green, noting the criss-crossed pattern of footprints that almost certainly hadn’t been there a minute before. Sherlock spun around once he had regained his footing, glowering in fury. The hair on the back of his head was saturated and dripping with melting snow, and his face had turned pink with outrage.
With an effort, John swallowed and forced himself to look up at Mycroft’s profile; taking in his almost unruffled appearance and the drying blood on his neck and collar. His expression was utterly inscrutable.
Murdy looked rather like she would have liked to stoop and kiss her father, but turned and walked out rather abruptly after a small abortive movement in his direction. Something about this tiny movement made some small part of John ache, just a little. It took him a moment to collect himself and to return Mr. Antonelli’s kind smile.
Sherlock nodded, shutting his eyes and burrowing into his makeshift bed of straw-filled sacking and John’s jacket.
“Off!” Sherlock insists, tugging at his belt until John half-laughs and slaps his hand away. He pulls Sherlock down to sit on the edge of the bed with him, taking in the expanse of skin rarely touched by the sun. Sherlock’s beautiful and unselfconscious, his skin tinged with pink here and there in the tenderest places. His shoulders are flecked with faded freckles and John aches at the sight of him. His eyes look green in the diffuse light of his bedroom, his hair dark as ink.
The train wound its way out of London and gathered speed as it headed up the east coast. Sherlock barely glanced up from his phone while John absently watched the sea appear and disappear between the hills.
“That’s right. Your breathing is already getting more regular. Try breathing along with me.” Sherlock inhaled and exhaled deliberately, and John attempted to mimic him. “You’re already feeling a bit embarrassed about me seeing you like this, which is good. It means that you’re able to think about other things.”
Sherlock appeared in the doorway, fully and perfectly dressed. He had even managed to have a shave and smooth down his hair, although John was positive that he would still have been in bed less than five minutes previously. His manner was business-like as he took a seat next to John, and he looked expectantly at Menzies. The Inspector suddenly seemed conscious of his own whiskery face and the croissant fragments all down his crumpled lapels. John suppressed a smirk as the untidy man straightened up in his seat.
“Mrs Duncan, do you know of anyone who might have wished to cause you some harm?” Sherlock asked, sitting back in his seat and stretching out his long legs in front of him.
The kitchen wasn’t much warmer, as the stove hadn’t been fed yet that day and nor had the fire been lit. As John gingerly threw a few logs through the door of the massive Aga, Violet shuffled into the room, yawning hugely. She was wrapped in a thick turquoise cashmere dressing gown and her long messy braid was unravelling slowly as she walked.
“Yes, um. Not my finest hour.” He said bashfully, tracing the pattern of the carpet in front of the fireplace with the toe of his shoe. “I didn’t realise that anyone would come and tidy our room. And, well… you’d just been kissing me and I was thinking about this morning… and um. This evening. And your schedule. And well, the bathroom door wasn’t properly closed and she was in here tidying up.”
Mycroft nodded. “Very well then.” he turned to the Antonelli girls, both of whom looked up at him owlishly. “You two will remain here until we return.”
“You’re one of the very privileged few who get to see me without the plaster and scaffolding,” she said with a conspiratorial smile.
“How did you know we were going to be here?” John said curiously, taking another careful glance at the dimly lit house.
“I started taking a shower but I was becoming a bit concerned. You’re usually ready to inhale vast quantities of xiolongbao after a case, especially if you haven’t eaten much earlier. You also completely missed the opportunity to mock me in front of Lestrade when he mentioned someone who is apparently the current prime minister and I didn’t know who he was referring to.”
“No, but we just spoke with Mrs. Duncan who described symptoms consistent with atropine poisoning. Sweating, giddiness, dry mouth, loss of balance. Alkaline. Did your vision blur rapidly?”
Sherlock took a seat opposite her and took a sip of his martini. Although he hadn’t bothered to change either, he still looked ready to dine with archbishops or royalty. The library was lit only by the fire and candles in glass lanterns scattered around the room, and in the dim light John absently thought that they both looked rather marvellous. Sherlock’s hair was rather unruly from their rambling through the overgrown conservatory, but the dark curls glinted in the light cast by the candles on the mantlepiece. His skin seemed very pale, his cheekbones casting pronounced shadows on his face. Sherlock’s sometimes colourless eyes picked up the deep green of his tailored silk shirt as he fixed them on Violet.
On one notable afternoon the previous summer, he had even seen Sherlock solemnly playing hopscotch with some kids over on Gower Street.
“Well, Garcia wasn’t from around here, was he? It was the people who knew him who were most likely to have reason to kill him. He knew the people in this house best. QED: One of the students or staff here killed him.”
“You’ve been given the all clear to open again?” Violet asked curiously, picking up one of the girl’s dropped mittens.
John closed his eyes and found himself leaning his forehead against Sherlock’s shoulder. “Argh...argh...argh!”
Sherlock looked at him thoughtfully, but didn’t respond. John waved an arm vaguely and knocked the soap-dish into the bath.
He swallowed, and clasped his hands on his knees a little self-consciously. Even Benjy seemed to look indignantly at him for interrupting the flow of the argument. “Listen. You really don’t need to do this now, do you? We’ll be back in London before too long. You can both take a while to think about what you want to say, and, er… you can have a good shout about it back at Baker Street, eh? No need to start World War III in Violet’s house.”
It was true that John hadn’t thought it would all be plain sailing, heading towards some kind of relationship. He knew in his bones that there were things in Sherlock’s past that affected the way he interacted with people; things that had hardened and distanced him from the rest of humanity. Part of John was tremendously curious about Sherlock’s previous relationships, if that’s what they had been. He was always fascinated by the occasional glimpses into Sherlock’s past he was granted from time to time; it all added to the great puzzle of what had happened to Sherlock. Why he was the way he was.
“This is a small village, with a small number of people who will move in predictable patterns of behaviour.” Sherlock murmured thoughtfully, peering out into the square outside. “I’ve looked through the ledgers and all of the victims bought the tonic water on a regular basis for at least several months before the poisoning. It’s far from random, Mr. Antonelli. None of the victims were buying the tonic water on a whim or an impulse. Even you consumed an average of one bottle per month; typically you took one from shop stock for personal consumption every four point two weeks.”
"Don't forget the glass," John reminded him, without taking his cock out of his mouth, the vibration of his voice making the detective tremble even more, as he cursed between his teeth, tensing his body, trying to control it.
John pushed him gently, so Sherlock sat on his heels. He spilled some more on his neck, which dripped down both sides, then kissing, nibbling, and licking the skin moistened by the wine. The detective moaned softly, turning his head, so John had better access to it, shivers running through his body, feeling John's soft, wet lips. The doctor nuzzled against Sherlock's neck, kissed his collarbone, alternating between gently nipping the skin with his lips barely brushing against the skin, making Sherlock shiver and gasp.
"He is just a middleman," answered Sherlock, as if it explained everything. He ran his finger over the screen, following a list of names.
"Over here there is a Baluchi village, one of the few that didn't disappear with the drought. They are nomads and move through the desert."
They reached the bottom of the castle and began to climb up the wall to it, holding their hands, with no ghosts bothering them. Once ahead, John stepped aside for Sherlock's alter ego to enter. As he did so, the portal closed behind him. The howling and wailing of the spirits through the vault increased as their ghosts slowly surrounded him.
John stopped the machine and laid down next to the trembling detective, embracing and kissing him softly. Minutes later, Sherlock looked at him, his eyes full of love.
Mycroft and Lestrade watched in amazement as Donovan sizzled and slowly dissolved until she disappeared.
Instead, he threw his head back and howled in grief and sorrow, asking a God he didn't believe in why he allowed that, why had he been punished in such a way when his only goal when he faked his own death was saving John's life.
Sherlock produced a growled desperate moan and bit his lips. John smirked. Verbal teasing was as effective on the detective as a physical one. His powerful brain created a clear, detailed, almost tactile image of what he was saying, which immediately impacted his cock, judging by the patchwork of curses and obscene moans coming out of the detective's mouth cock twitched and throbbed even more.
He closed his eyes. Remembering everything that happened since Mary's death, the way Sherlock looked at him after he beat him into Smith's morgue, was still heartbreaking to him.
Lestrade and the others turned to him in terror. The DI put a little more pressure on Clay's throat, then released. For the first time in his life, he felt like killing a man. He had done it in his job, but always in self-defence or to avoid a crime, but this guy had something dark and poisonous inside that raised his killing instincts.
Stephen understood Sherlock's dread. He found it easy to put himself in his shoes. Many times, in the mirror dimension, Stephen told Everett he loved him since that day he saw him at the Avengers' facility. It was just a minute, and Stephen pretended not to pay much attention to the CIA agent. He knew Tony and didn't want to be made fun of. At any other time, he wouldn't mind, but when he saw Everett, something twisted inside him. Love at first sight. And from that moment on, he could only think of him.
"You watched the recording. FRIDAY confirmed it. Even his brother believes it was him, judging the way he talks." countered Steve.
Two days later, when he had it all set up, the detective asked Rosie if she would like to go to Aunt Molly's house while he went to help John with his work. The girl clapped her hands. Going to Aunt Molly's was always fun. She knew many games, let her do everything she wanted, and only ate what she liked.
"This is what we had until now. This is our universe," pointed to a greenish vertical strip, "This is where the singularity occurred. We've calculated this by taking into account where Everett disappeared. If we use only matter to connect them..."
He smiled and opened his eyes, hugging John, who hugged him back, both looking amused at Rosie, who ran through the waves, shouting to the sea, the sand, the shells, the seagulls, and some poor clueless crab that crossed her path. Happy and tired, she ran up the stairs.
“It’s a piece of the wrapping of one of the energy bars,” Sherlock said “But why is there only this one? There were fourteen bars. Unless…”
“Sherlock, you got over all of this by yourself, you haven’t requested anyone’s help, not even mine. But that must stop”.
Sherlock grabbed John by the neck and kissed him, his tongue fiercely invading John’s mouth. His hands quickly unbuttoned the doctor’s shirt, peeling it from the doctor, so by a moment, his arms were caught in the sleeves, which allowed Sherlock to unbutton and unzip his trousers, his hands greedily seeking for the doctor’s cock.
"You called her. You were lying to me. You called her!" Holmes shouted, retrieving the gun from under the couch
"True. I remember Greg in his office, telling you over and over again to sit down and do the paperwork because you were limping, and you were signing the paperwork standing up, and Greg was crazy, asking me, but why doesn't he sit down?"
"No, what you are seeing is a model based on the hypothesis that both matter and antimatter remain constant. That's why it remains in time, but in the universe..."
"I almost lost that. I almost lost everything. I hurt him badly. The one who loved me the most. The one I loved the most, though I was too blind with fury, pain grudge and frustration to realize it. But I was lucky. Sherlock loved me enough to give me another chance. He kept loving me despite all the physical and emotional damage I caused him".
Anthea approached Sarah. The girl looked at her, frightened but relaxed by the sight of Mrs. Hudson behind her. She had played many times with Rosie at her nanny's house. She gave them biscuits and milk and the three of them would have a snack watching a Disney movie.
“Well, each of you should pick up one paper. Those with the T will be in charge of the tents, those with the C in charge of the cooking, and those with the S in charge of the sleep time. Then, you’ll form five teams, each of them with a C, a T and a S. Tomorrow, the C’s will be T’s, the T’s S’s and so. And on Sunday, we will rotate again, so don’t worry if you don’t get what you want to be today. It’s clear?”
"Oh…god, you are so fucking hot, such a greedy slut" groaned John, finally bottoming out, as Sherlock groaned in pleasure. The rest of them observed mouth-dryly how John rolled his hips and almost took the whole of his cock out to shove it again. Sherlock shouted, cursed and moaned, panting and writhing, gasping air the best as he could with Lestrade's cock in his mouth, as his cock was being sucked and the other officers started again playing with his nipples.
"No, he married Mary. I saw him. I was there. I was his best man. I even proposed, but he chose Mary."
Sherlock kept on softly, stroking them through their orgasm, and they came a bit more until their cries turned into quiet whimpers.
At the moment, he closed his eyes, Anderson and the rest of the men surrounded Sherlock, as Donovan remained where she was, enjoying the vision of the freak submitted by his colleagues.
A minute later, John started slowly stroking him. Then he sped up for a moment, and just when he sensed Sherlock's ball tensing and his cock throbbing, the needing to come building in his low abdomen, he let go of his cock, and Sherlock whined in frustration.
John checked his watch. Not because he wasn't having fun. On the contrary, the stag party Lestrade, the rest of the Yards, Mike and some of his army mates had prepared was giving him a great time, with a lot of laughs, pints and (this wasn't so funny) lot of embarrassing situations that made him flush and regret not having brought his gun with him. But, after all, that was how stag nights were supposed to be. Luckily, tomorrow he will barely remind any of it.
A couple of minutes later, Molly’s phone buzzed in her pocket. She checked it, gasped and took John apart.
"John, no," groaned Sherlock, fearful the Avengers might harm him. He tried once more to get rid of Steve, but he had no range of motion. One more millimeter and the man would break his arm like a toothpick.
"Not like an idiot. Like the most generous man I know, like the Captain who leaves no one behind. As the bravest man, resolve of risking his own life not to endanger others`. As the most intelligent, guiding me to you. Like all that, you fell into the trap".
Oblivious to their parents' tribulations, Rosie let out an excited shriek when Sherlock, in his run, took her in his arms and got into the water, splashing with great strides, the girl laughing out loud as the detective jumped the waves, she holding on to his neck, both jumping every time a wave approached them that Rosie anticipated screaming "wave, wave, wave!!” as, John dove into the sea behind them.
"I am truly sorry. I never meant to put her in danger. I didn't know they will torture John. That wasn't the plan. They just wanted to keep you away from London. They told me no one would hurt John; they'd just be captured but... someone got nervous and forced their hand."
"They all playing with your body," he repeated, softly pinching Sherlock's nipples through the fabric of his shirt. The detective shook his head but parted his lips, gasping for air, blushing and gulping, weakly trying to move away from John.
"He knew John, by marrying Mary, was in danger. And he wanted to get back to him. That was his motivation."
"You are gorgeous..." he whispered and raised his hips, both moaning as their cocks brushed against each other. John moved a little forward and backward, rubbing his cocks with the detective's, who, unable to restrain himself, rocked his hips to meet John's movement. The glass fell into the sand, soaking it.
Seconds later, Sherlock heard him yelling his name and felt his hot cum inside him. He cried out across his third orgasm, only a few drops of cum dripping from his cock, his back arching, his hole clenching around John's cock. The doctor embraced him tightly, giving some last hard thrusts that rose Sherlock's body and finally collapsed on the sand, panting heavily. Sherlock lay boneless on top of him, still moaning softly, both enjoying the last orgasmic shivers.
"There is no movement. But they may already be inside. Help me clear the brush," he muttered ducking.
Sherlock shivered at the idea. Perhaps it was just because his body was becoming more and more desperate to come. Just as he put the dish with the aubergines in the oven and straightened up, the vibrator began to vibrate again at maximum force. This time the dildo's head started to turn in on itself, making Sherlock's legs slack. He had to hold on to the worktop so as not to fall, holding the base of his cock tightly, legs opened to try and limit the vibrator's effect while moaning curses interspersed with sobbings. His body started to feel overwhelmed.
"Tell me, John" Anthea answered as soon as he felt the phone vibrating, without waiting for it to start ringing.
"I'm not talking about singing" Sherlock threw his brother a significate look, the rest of the people assembled around them totally lost.
"I'm sure you can come again, or twice more, or three times..." menaced Donovan as she gestured the officers to hold Sherlock's legs in place.
The girl nodded, satisfied, and sat on one chair. John took the book and opened by the page Sherlock marked the night before, reading until Rosie fell asleep.
He told him how, as soon as he received Molly's message, and taking care not to wake anyone, Sherlock, half dizzy with relief, slipped into the truck through the window and told him. He didn't tell him, because both brothers swore never to tell anyone that they hugged each other, crying with relief until Sherlock disappeared and went back to John.
"I don't know. Surgery? Witchcraft?" he frowned. "What if Strange created it? He is the Supreme Sorcerer. I'm sure he can do that."
He went inside and turned on the light. He was not surprised to see Sherlock sitting in his armchair, wearing his coat, violin in hand, impregnating his bow with resin dust, as he saw him do so many times, slowly, with a care and affection that the detective only gave to the violin.
"So you really are…?" this was Lestrade's turn to run out of words. "But you were in love with Sherlock."
"Anthea must have discovered something. When I hired her, Mummy said she looked a lot like Lori, a friend of hers that we loved very much and called Aunt Lori. I told her, hence the choice of cover.".
They released a shaky and almost unconscious Sherlock, and they carefully lay him on his side on one of the stone benches in the courtyard. John took his pulse while Bill put his hand on his forehead.
“While Moran was at the university” he gulped, trying to swallow his anger “there were six reports of disappeared students, as you see, all with a similar complexion as Sherlock “ John nodded, disgusted
"Greg would never do that," replied the sergeant when Sherlock succinctly told her what happened, as they both ran around the docks, looking for John. "He has enough tolerance for alcohol to last for hours without spilling his guts, and he's no snitch."
"Yes, flu season," lied the doctor, fleeing to the kitchen to fill the kettle and make tea. He smiled at him since he didn't feel Sherlock's gaze fixed on his back, which meant he didn't suspect anything. He prepared two cups of tea and disposed on two plates the Thai take away he bought before getting back to the flat.
"It took you longer than I thought to put all the pieces together, little brother. You're getting older,' whispered Mycroft, teasingly, but Sherlock didn't miss the note of deep sadness in his voice.
The detective snorted, but at the same time, he relaxed. Playing dungeon games could trigger unpleasant memories of his time in Serbia, and the bee's sight was a quick way to tell his brain he was safe. Like the soft silk rope that tied her ankles and wrists, the smooth surface on which his body rested, or the soft violin music that filled the room.
The Holmes brothers looked at each other, shrugging, intrigued, while the rest, bent over at different heights, had their ears glued to the door.
He screamed in agony when Greg, turning his finger, brushed against his prostate. Jesus Christ, he wanted to come so badly... he was dying to come, and Greg hadn't even started, and that damn cock ring wouldn't let him come and the idea drove him crazy...
Instead, his mind flew twelve years before and saw again a sunken Mycroft, unable to overcome Anthony's death, the first and only person he loved before Lestrade. Anthony was, as John for him, the first to pierce Mycroft's heart armour, thicker even than Sherlock's, the first to be able to see the real man behind the character, the heart behind mask.
His brother nodded and stood up. One of the pilots opened the aircraft door, and he, along with Lestrade, Jake, Pete, Mark, Rob, Patrick, Andrew, and Daniel, left the plane.
“If I am sincere, there is no generosity on my part. I’m helping her only because it gave me the chance to meet you.”
“Mmmmmmmmmmh, yes, like that…oh, yes….…hey! I’m not…….. bossy!” he protested, trying to move his arse apart from John’s mouth, but the doctor had him firmly grabbed, so he only could wiggle and writhe a bit.
“The bullet shattered my collarbone, so I couldn’t be a surgeon any more, my true vocation. I looked for a job, but nobody saw a doctor in me, just a war invalid. They only saw my limp, the tremor in my hand, my damaged arm, my broken soul… Finally I got a job at a small clinic, but I lost it. “He pointed at the bottles.
him. He took some blankets out from his backpack and fourteen energy bars, covered the kids with the blankets, and made them ate the bars. (Fortunately, he didn’t have one for him. He had eaten in two days more than he usually did in one week and his stomach was complaining of the effort).
"But, even though he was not wounded, Clay's misdeeds had come to light, so he had to flee England, and took refuge somewhere remote in East Europe, where he met someone who, at that time, was creating a criminal network".
The detective stood up, tears rolling down his jaw and falling to the ground, his face contracted both with grief and a threatening gesture. Sholto stepped forward to get in front of the detective and turned to Lestrade.
John picked up some of the detective's precum mixed with chocolate with one finger and put it in his mouth, which Sherlock avidly sucked, propelled back and forth by John's increasingly energetic thrusts. At the same time, with the other hand, the doctor continued to stroke Sherlock, the texture of the chocolate adding extra friction to his caresses, which was driving Sherlock crazy, especially as John ran his thumb over the tip of his cock, gently sliding it over it.
"For you. Get into that big head of yours that anything is worth doing for you. I would do it too. That idea you have, however much you try to deny it, that you're not worth it, is a piece of shit, a stupid idea you have to stop believing it once and for all. This is why Anthony wanted to save you."
“Not as much fun as I have with you” John smiled, dropping Sherlock’s phone in the detective’s hand “I’m sorry, but if you hadn’t eaten everything, tomorrow we will have a bunch of mutineer kids that wouldn’t want to eat either.”
Sherlock looked at Strange, grateful. He didn't say goodbye because he didn't know how to express his gratitude to Strange for everything he had done, for how his life had changed, for the gift he had given him of being with John.
John extended a trembling hand that slowly moved closer to the detective, afraid to try to feel him and discover that there was nothing, as had happened to him before. Sherlock's ghost also extended his hand and brought it close to John's, as slowly and shakily as the doctor's, as if he too was overwhelmed with emotion,  until both hands touched.
So he had set up a studio in the warehouse. He made Mycroft sign documents inculpating himself, of all the crimes Clay was charged with and then he would transmit the new to all media. But, for some reason, the signal wasn't working, and he wasn't ready to broadcast.
John smiled to himself. He had seen that same look all his life: when he fought on the street as a child, when he played rugby in High school or College, in Afghanistan or when he chased criminals with Sherlock. People often mistook height with strength and didn't expect a brutal attack from the short blond man. He was so used to it that he had managed to turn it into an advantage, even more so with his medical knowledge, which allowed him to know where the most painful or fragile points of nerves and joints were.
“If you’re here for anything other than to bring me some more ice, you can fuck right off, whoever you are!” Violet’s voice called laconically. John grinned and spun around, narrowly avoiding overturning a container full of trailing ferns.
“John, why are you doing that?” Sherlock asked, perplexed, when he emerged from George’s room to find John looking pale and distracted, biting the knuckles of his left hand in horror.
Fair enough. But long ago and far away, as they say in the stories… I did some very bad things. At first, I had the excuse of it being a matter of survival. And after a while it wasn’t just out of necessity, not really. I could have walked away. But I didn’t; not for quite a while.”
“There should be. Of course, there’s always a chance one of us might pop into the back room or the kitchen during a quiet spell; but there’s a bell above the door that lets us know if someone has walked in.” she nodded at the small brass bell that hung on a curled spring above the glass panelled door.
“I know, he said. I reckon he’d been planning something with Mycroft, but it fell through.” John recalled, then frowned. He remembered the way Patrick had described his Christmas day, sketching and walking alone on the beach at Lyme Regis, and began to feel a little guilty at his attempt to put him off coming to Scotland. “I did say that you probably wouldn’t mind a last minute acceptance, though.” he added, a little defensively.
“Anthea, that will be all.” Mycroft said shortly, swiftly glancing around at Violet and John before making his way over to where Mary was restrained.
. She knows. She knows just how much this hurts. He did it to her and now she’s choosing to do it to someone else. This is so incredibly fucked up and I’ve no idea what the alternative is. Oh god, if only Sherlock was here. He’d know what to do! He wouldn’t want this, he wouldn’t want her to do this for him…)
“If I’m lucky.” Sherlock said grumpily, squeezing Johns wrist and moving towards the miniscule bathroom. “Take a look outside the door. There should hopefully be some tea. If there isn’t, I shall be most displeased.”
. Some small part of him rather hoped that in order to maintain his appearance Patrick slept in hair curlers and one of those rather terrifying green face masks. Sadly, it did not seem to be the case.
“Think about it for a while. No rush.” John slid his left hand down from Sherlock’s knee and gently ran his fingers as far up the underside of his thigh as he could reach, feeling the muscles quiver slightly. His right hand strayed inexorably towards his own rapidly hardening cock. “I honestly don’t mind if you never want to. But, um. I’m looking forward to you… fucking. Me.”
Sherlock hadn’t answered John, but the way his own face lit up at the sight of his cousin did much to set John’s concerns aside. He went to meet her halfway across the dark parquet floor and bent to kiss her scarred cheek with great affection. Violet stretched up on the toes of her magenta high heels and wrapped her arms tightly around his shoulders, her giddy laugh echoing loudly as he returned the embrace.
“-yes, I saw quite a lot of your uncle, in the old days. Must be over twenty years ago now…” Mr Jameson sighed, and winced slightly. “He was a nice fellow. A proper gentleman. Bloody good at bowling too, when the mood took him.”
(She deserves this. She took him away and put him into the hands of people who want to hurt him in ways I don’t ever want to imagine. Whatever I do to her is nothing compared to what he might face. She
“I appreciate your concern, John.” Patrick said evenly, following his gaze with a faintly amused expression. “But would you mind if we were terribly British and pretend that all is well, just for now?”
"And look at you now; you clearly didn’t get scurvy. So it obviously worked.” Violet said, patting his arm and giving him a roguish, admiring glance. She turned to Sherlock and threw a cushion at his head. “Come
“I don’t mind sleeping in the dressing room or downstairs somewhere, if you like.” John murmured. “Honestly, it’s fine.”
“What?” John asked, sitting up with a rush of water that slopped over the side onto the tiles. “What was it?”
Violet swung open one of the heavy double doors, and shivered in the ensuing blast of icy air and fluttering snowflakes. She gave a shout of surprised laughter, and stood to one side to permit whomever it was. “Blimey, it’s you! Get inside, you poor thing!”
“What will you do, when you and the others are given the all-clear to leave?” he asked, when it seemed that Phyllis wasn’t going to say anything more.
Sherlock sighed hugely. Both men ended up lying rather closer than planned, side by side in the middle. “This bed was owned by my great-grandfather Albert. He was very morbidly obese and I expect the shape of the blasted mattress is entirely his fault. Mycroft obviously inherited those particular genes.”
“I want you… I want your skin against mine.” Sherlock grasps his wrist and stills his hand. “I want to see and touch every inch of you.”
“But it’s true,” Violet said, very gently. “Look, I know it’s completely infuriating when people tell you that you’ll understand when you’re older. But I could never forgive myself if anything happened to you two. There’s enough danger in the world for girls like you to face without throwing something like this into the mix. There’s enough petrol to keep the engine and the heating running for a few hours at least. There’s food and blankets in the back. Worst case scenario possible, you’ve got a long cold walk back to the nearest village. But I swear it won’t come to that. ”
The library was dark, as was the kitchen and Violet’s study. There was a dim light coming from under the door of the student’s common room; but John was not inclined to check in there. He had had quite enough of their company for one evening. He made his way quietly through the hall, narrowly avoiding tripping over the feet of the stuffed bear, which seemed to loom menacingly out of the shadows. John gave the creature a hard look and crept on.
“Quite.” Anthea confirmed, any trace of amusement rapidly dissolving from her face. John studied her, more of a means of distracting himself than anything else. He remembered Patrick’s words by the fireside, angry and upset:
John watched as her shoulders drooped, and glared meaningfully at Sherlock. The detective frowned in confusion, first at John and then at Murdy, who had turned away swiftly to study the rubbish bins and presumably to hide her disappointment and embarrassment.
Sherlock leaned back in his chair and looked at the minister thoughtfully over his fingertips. He didn’t say anything for a moment or two, and John was about to ask about what treatment Doctor MacFadden had given Mrs. Duncan when the detective suddenly asked:
“How did you know it was me?” he called back, scrambling to catch a dangerously tilted terracotta pot before it hit the warm metal floor.
While he took a hasty bath in the chilly bathroom next door, he replayed the words over and over. It shouldn’t have made such a difference to him, hearing such a small phrase.
“Mmph.” Sherlock wound his long arms around John’s chilly torso and grimaced slightly. “You’ve evidently never been to the Highlands in winter.”
Violet laughed, and threw a floury tea-towel at his head. “So he told you about those then, eh? No, I wouldn’t let him get his hands on them. Besides, he never had much time for history, really. He helped me catalogue them properly, but it was mainly the scientific items that he liked. He tried to recreate some of the alchemical experiments in one of the old barns and nearly burned it down. He infuriated the servants, as he was getting really good at his deductions by then.” she smiled reminiscently. “We spent a lot of evenings in an old boat moored on the river, reading, drinking wine, smoking weed and getting savaged by midgies. I tried to get him to invent a decent insect repellent, but he said that the smoke was more effective. I think Sherry was glad that we were friends, although I always reckoned he thought we were having some kind of torrid affair. Which I promise we weren’t.” she added gently, and smiled at John’s expression.
“And Violet is a charming woman.” Patrick continued blithely. “I entirely understand why you would be drawn to her. I take it that Mr. Holmes has an open mind about the situation?”
Sherlock felt another wet slide of warm tongue against his skin and he gave in to his instinctive reaction to resume hammering on the seat with his left foot; hoping against hope that it would give way and crush the twisted youth behind it. His trapped ankle was wreathed in agony at each blow; but at least this distracted him from the irrational creeping horror of Narek licking his skin.
John, who was now somehow propped on his elbows and helplessly watching him, realised that Sherlock was tasting the pre come that seemed to be almost constantly leaking from his cock. The endless, unfurling rushes of desire at the base of his spine and groin seemed to magnify, and he couldn’t help but moan softly at the sight. Sherlock raised his eyes to meet John’s, his eyes hazy as he reached out a hand to gently stroke John’s stomach. He opened his lips wider, and took John back into his mouth to suck at him a little harder. His fingers gently stroked his balls in a rhythmic, teasing motion that had John nearly sobbing with lust before they slipped a little lower to press at his perineum.
The snow began in earnest this afternoon, so be prepared. Bring boots, jumpers, gloves, warm coats, balaclavas, snow shoes, crampons, hot water bottles, a team of huskies and copious quantities of uncontaminated tonic water. Let me know what train you’re on and I’ll send Mr. Brodie to fetch you.
“Drink, in this instance.” Sherlock murmured, glancing at the shelves and racks of bottles behind the ill-lit bar. “Mr. Antonelli stocks quite a wide range of wines and spirits, doesn’t he? Not just the mixers like the tonic water.”
Patrick nodded silently, still studying his painting with an odd look on his face. After a moment or two he stretched and stood up a little stiffly. He looked tired and a bit drawn; but something in his manner seemed a little more peaceful than he had been before.
Menzies cleared his throat again. “It’s... a possibility. We certainly need to talk to the young man, anyway. I’ve been in touch with the Department of Transport, and the van that Garcia was driving certainly didn’t take any of the usual toll roads down south. He was flagged for speeding, though – that much we know. On the M8, on Wednesday afternoon last week.”
John shrugged and didn’t contradict him. He still didn’t especially like the strange twisted shapes of the garden, but they seemed somehow less threatening than they had done over the previous week. Or perhaps it was because the shadows had left the house and grounds along with the students and Mycroft.
George chose this moment to stir slightly, no doubt roused by the droplets from the slowly melting bag of peas that was perched rakishly on his head. He winced and let out a low whine, his spindly fingers twitching on the floor.
“Oh, for fucks sake, Mycroft!” John snapped, and was pleased to see the look of mild outrage that momentarily replaced the bland expression. “You know me. You know
Sherlock carelessly piled the gilt-edged china and heavy silver cutlery together and followed Violet across the cavernous kitchen to the scullery; leaving them in one of the massive Belfast sinks with a crash. Violet glared at him and elbowed him sharply until he grudgingly turned on one of the taps, filling the sink with hot water and far too many suds.
“Well that’s a turn-up for the books, eh?” she muttered, crossing her arms and regarding Mycroft through narrowed eyes. “I haven’t seen that look on his face since I invented that balsamic honeycomb gelato back in ’95.”
“You’ve become rather attached to this bath.” Sherlock commented, taking a seat on the gleaming rolled edge and taking a sip from his own cup. He let his eyes drift over John’s flushed wet body with considerable interest. John felt a blush rising, and fought the urge to duck his head.
(Oh god. Why didn’t I realise what a fucking terrible idea it was, coming here? There seems to be bad memories waiting for him around every damn
“What?” Dalziell stammered, keeping a firm hold on the prisoners wrists and the back of his neck. “What do you-“
As it turned out, George Marmaduke had quite an interesting range of pharmaceuticals taped to the underside of his bed, as well as an impressive case of herpes judging by the contents of the bathroom cabinet.
“That’s enough, Mycroft.” Sherlock broke in suddenly, turning to face his brother with an impatient gesture. “I don’t think any of us require more detail. I do, however, want to know what your damn
Sherlock turned to face Marmaduke for the first time, his eyes like ice. He didn’t seem willing to leave Violet’s side, but his voice was filled with the coldest menace as he addressed the stunned man. “You will
[John’s voice on the telephone, when he was exasperated but one could still hear the smile in his words. The knowledge that he would do whatever was asked of him, because John Watson had trusted Sherlock Holmes back then.
Sherlock smiled slyly, running the tips of two of his fingers teasingly up and down the length of John’s erection. The hot, flushed skin was visibly coated in a sheen of saliva, gleaming wet in the firelight. John’s hips bucked helplessly as Sherlock licked his lips and lowered his head again. He gasped again when he felt Sherlock’s tongue lapping slowly at his sac, and wrenched at the sheets when he messily began to suck at his balls. Sherlock’s fingers continued to stroke his cock and the taut skin between his thighs.
Sherlock stared at the shawl, taking the large square of embroidered silk and running the fringe through his fingers. He seemed unable to take his eyes from it. He sat, stroking it vaguely; his expression was unreadable.
It couldn’t have been more than a minute or two since Violet had hit George, but it seemed to stretch on endlessly. John could hear the sound of running feet coming down the corridor, and hastened to the door. He didn’t think that Violet would appreciate anyone else seeing her in her current state.
“Move.” Sherlock said again, his hand covering John’s own where it rested on his waist. John fell silent, not entirely sure what he had been about to say.
“Oh god yes,” John agreed, following her smartly down the hallway towards the large stone arch that led to the library. Up a couple of worn granite steps and a few steps round a sharp corner brought them into a series of irregular shaped rooms, the walls lined floor to ceiling with beautifully carved glass-fronted shelves. A worn leather sofa and a club chair stood on either side of a small, unlit fireplace and a broad map table occupied most of one corner. John crossed the faded Persian carpet and peered out of one of the high arched windows, taking in the birds-eye view of the grounds below. “We’re in one of the towers!”
rare. Unique, in fact.” Mycroft idly ran a finger along the length of Benjy’s spine, seeming slightly amused when the cat lazily swatted a large paw at him. “And in Kathmandu, a similar situation. Mr. Vasudevan in New Delhi was very sorry to lose you, but he helped set up your placement at the records office in Maithi Ghar. Another donation; this time of some ancient Ayurvedic texts. You spent even longer there. Interesting place, was it?”
“Not for me, thank you.” Patrick said quietly, and got to his feet. Once he had torn his eyes away from Sherlock, he didn’t seem entirely capable of making eye-contact with anyone.
John turned the page, taking in photographs of the workers on the estate and various social events. He spied a photo of Mr. Brodie among a group of men in the stableyard, his hair dishevelled and his flannel shirt half unbuttoned. Violet wolf-whistled and grinned at the picture. “Our Mr. Brodie has always been a bit of alright, hasn’t he? No wonder Mycroft-“
“We never have to. But I hope you know why I want it.” John whispered, after a few minutes of calmer breathing. Sherlock tightened his arms around him, but didn’t answer. “It’s nothing to do with ownership, or possession, Sherlock. This is my body, no one elses; not even yours. I’m inviting you in, I want to… I want to
Sherlock rolled his eyes and returned to his book. “If you think that there is room for any kind of sexual activity in our berth, you are
Cursing, he hastily scrolled through the list of numbers and found Violet’s landline; hoping against hope that she or Patrick weren’t out of earshot of the phone or too distracted by their painting to answer. He badly wanted to keep moving down the path, but didn’t dare to in case he slipped out of coverage. The ten seconds or so it took for Violet to answer seemed to take millennia, but when she heard the tone of his voice she mercifully stayed silent and listened.
Hilary opened and shut her mouth a few times, visibly making an effort to calm down. Externally she was as sweet looking as ever, in her pretty lavender dress. But the strain was evident in her face as she turned to Basil. “But… Basil. She- she hasn’t? Has she? I swear that the… the thing with Freddie. It was. It was over a long time ago. I forgive you for-”
“Lube?” John panted, squirming and ducking so that he could catch Sherlock’s flushed nipple between his teeth.
“Focus, you gluttonous muppet! Now, this is an interesting situation, isn’t it? He rarely misunderstands anyone or anything, right?”
“Nonsense, doesn’t matter at all.” Violet replied blithely, pushing him into one of the long lines of dancers that were already forming and turning to face him. “Sherlock, if you’re planning on continuing to glower at me you might as well join in; they’re short of dancers in that line.”
“Um. I suppose you’d better come along to the station with me, then.” Dalziell said, when it became clear that Reverend Duncan wasn’t about to elaborate. “I expect I’d better call in the chaps from Aberdeen for this. Could you, er… would you mind letting me put some cuffs on him, Doctor Watson?”
Sandra’s bedroom was a little smaller than the one that they shared, with pale pink walls and a high narrow mahogany bed. There were several paintings of Scottish landscapes hung around the room, and a large ornately gilded mirror above the fireplace. Sandra had tacked several photographs, magazine cuttings and postcards onto the silk-covered walls, which John doubted Violet was all that happy about. The room was quite messy, with several items of clothes and underwear strewn about the carpet and armchair. The bed was unmade, and the dressing table was cluttered with make-up, hairbrushes, bottles of perfume and various cosmetics.
“Well Violet told me yesterday evening that she’d heard Alice Duncan is improving rapidly, and she was able to give a statement to the Aberdeen constabulary that-“
“Yes, but it’s not too far from the hatch opening in the counter.” John offered. “It would be easy enough to nip in there quickly when one of the Antonelli’s backs were turned.”
“Don’t be absurd.” Sherlock replied, reprovingly. “Information gathered under torture is unreliable at best. Furthermore, thumbscrews would
“Then that’s sorted.” John said firmly. “That’s all I need to know, for now. Just out of interest, were you planning on getting around to kissing me any time soon?”
John smiled awkwardly, and then decided to bite the bullet. “So, er… I haven’t seen much of Mycroft recently.” Patrick’s face was carefully blank. “Been in touch with him at all?”
Lestrade stared at the unusually and utterly sincere expression on Sherlock’s face, and watched the two girls shuffle out the kitchen door into the snowy drive. “Not that this is a new experience for me, but I reckon I’ve missed something fairly epic.” he observed.
“Yes. I’ve shut the caravan up again and I’ve called us a cab. No, hang on to that,” he added as John held out the dark blue cashmere scarf. “You forgot yours.”
“John.” Violet murmured softly. He could feel her palm on the back of his neck, cool against his sweat-drenched skin. He didn’t move or look away, but he felt her bending close to his ear; a lock of her dishevelled hair brushing his shoulder. “John come back to me, old thing. Please.”
“That’s a bit odd, isn’t it?” Violet asked. “I mean, he's in his mid-twenties. Everyone needs a bank account by then, really.”
“That coat belonged to your mother.” Sherlock said suddenly. It wasn’t a question, and John briefly wondered where on earth the detective was going with this. Mentioning an upset girl’s dead mother didn’t seem like the most appropriate way to cheer her up and he gave Sherlock a quelling look.
Sherlock disappeared into the bathroom next door to their bedroom to take a shower, while John hastened to shut his gun into one of the desk drawers in the dimly lit room. The fire had been lit at some point earlier in the day, but it was now burning low. John threw another couple of logs onto the embers before turning to dig a clean shirt out of his bag.
But by far the worst part was his face. It was weirdly mottled, even accounting for post-mortem bloating and discolouration, ranging in shades of darkest purple, blue and a horrible sickly yellow. His mouth was torn at one side, and a look at the fingernails on his left had showed how this had happened. His sunken eyes were wide and ghastly, stared eerily into the middle distance. John forced himself to take a closer look, steadying himself on Sherlock’s shoulder.
been rather taken with Sherlock he had carefully asked John if it was acceptable for him to make a move. John had nearly bitten his head off at that point, and yet Patrick had never appeared to hold the slightest grudge against him for it. He just always felt rather wrong-footed around the beautiful young man, always a bit shabby and ordinary and well… perhaps maybe just the tiniest bit…
“You’ll have one very soon. I promise.” Sherlock said quietly. His face was still pale and tense, and he didn’t seem able to take his eyes away from her just yet. “Damn it, Vi. We should have gotten in sooner. He shouldn’t have been able to
Violet didn’t seem remotely perturbed that Sherlock had spent a large part of the afternoon digging through the belongings of her students.
“Murdy, we are going after some horrible bastards who will undoubtedly have plenty of weapons and not much in the way of morals.” Violet interjected seriously. ”They wouldn’t think twice about hurting any of us if we get in their way. You know what they did to Patrick when he tried to stop them taking Sherlock.”
“Stop it.” Sherlock murmured. “Look… this is about you and me. No one else. I want to eclipse everything else, every other tawdry, inconsequential encounter. I want you to be the only person I ever think of in relation to sex. I want you to be my only frame of reference, John. Can you understand that?”
“You get back to the potatoes, you little scunner!” Petty ordered her automatically, and without much heat. “If they’re not all done within ten minutes I’ll chop your nose off!”
This kiss was a little different, and it felt almost as though Sherlock was telling him wordlessly just how much trust he was putting in John’s calloused hands. John felt it, deep in his bones and as they broke apart he wrapped his arms firmly around Sherlock’s neck and held him close.
Violet led them through the French windows and across the back lawn, which was mercifully clear of menacing topiary. “Thankfully, the filth have finally buzzed off. They were lurking around the place all weekend. We were all interviewed endlessly on Friday night and again on Saturday morning. And we’ve all been politely asked to remain here and available for further questioning. I mean, I thought that only happened in films – the not being allowed to leave town bit? I told them to either arrest the lot of us or get lost,” she added blithely. “They didn’t take it all that well.”
“He made it clear to me at the onset that he only had limited free time,” Patrick said, as if wanting to make this clear. “I understood that he has great responsibilities, and demands on his time. But he would suddenly appear, now and again. As if by magic.” he added wryly. “When I was leaving work late, he might be waiting for me outside in his car. Or when I was taking a walk in an unfamiliar place, he would suddenly fall into step beside me.”
“Interesting.” said Sherlock drily, from where he sat on the edge of the opposite bunk. John gasped slightly, turning to face him. He swallowed hard, and kicked off the sheets in an attempt to cool down.
George lifted a spoonful of greyish stew with an air of profound distaste and let it trickle back down onto his plate, where it splattered messily onto the starched antique linen tablecloth. “I think we can all agree that dear Violet is much more valuable to us in the kitchen than in the studio.” he drawled, darting a malicious glance at Sherlock and John.
“Ah.” John blinked, and grinned. “Well, we’ll have to establish some kind of code then. I wouldn’t have minded leaving Patrick with the washing up, if I knew that’s what your game was.”
Anthea didn’t speak for a long moment, her eyes darting back and forth between the churned up snow and the tyres. She took several seconds to inspect the back of the land rover, pacing back and forth to observe the tyres on either side. Eventually, when John was on the verge of shouting, she replied: “It will take a minimum of twenty minutes to extricate it from the snow, sir. Probably longer. I suggest we leave it here and continue into the hills. We can’t risk losing much more time. The TA will be approaching from the north-west; but we can’t rely entirely on them. They may be following a slightly different route.”
“It was shortly after five o’clock,” she said thoughtfully. “Charles and I were listening to a wonderful radio version of
(This isn’t accomplishing anything. Fucking crumbling into a sorry heap of panic doesn’t help him. Pull yourself together.
And the soup was marvellous, John realised as he took his first spoonful. It was thick, rich tomato swirled with cream and scattered with fragrant herbs and thin slivers of crispy fried shallots. The bread almost melted in his mouth as he took his first bite. He took another look at Sherlock, who was tipping his plate away from himself in order to greedily scoop up the remains of his soup. The other members of the group were evidently a little more used to the quality of the food, and were managing to converse and eat a little more slowly.
“Ha, no. If I can possibly help it, I am never getting on a plane with you ever again. Not if there is any other possible mode of transportation. Including pack mule and unicycle. Not after Antwerp.”
“Stop teasing me, John.” Sherlock breathed, his face still buried in John’s shoulder.  “Strip me bare and
Sherlock reached out one unsteady hand and stroked the length of John’s thigh, his eyes never leaving the darkly flushed cock pushing through John’s fist. After a moment he slowly, clumsily brushed the tips of his fingers across John’s aching balls.
“Well, er- you see, it’s not protocol up here, you see. Um. I know from the papers that down in London you two are popping in and out of Scotland Yard all the time, but that isn’t how it’s done up here usually. But, um....”
“But not today. You’ve unsurprisingly been a little preoccupied. But to return to my main point. You spent most of the afternoon cooking, but took the time to return to your room and put on one of your most expensive dresses and jewellery. Your appearance is not calculated to attract anyone; rather to intimidate or inspire envy. Those shoes, as well. They are entirely impractical, look hideously uncomfortable, and I personally find them revolting; but they cost at least a thousand pounds. My guess is that you want to make an impression on one or more of the female students.”
“Och, it was never meant to last.” Mr. Mackie said, with a dismissive wave of the hand. “Foot loose and fancy-free, that’s what suits me. I always meant to go back on the ships; but I ended up doing odd jobs here and there. Eventually I got the job as groundskeeper here, and it’s not a bad place at all to work. Comes with a nice wee cottage, good neighbours by and large… I could have ended up in much worse places, I suppose.”
“Yes, for about an hour. Well done!” Violet squeezed his forearm as Patrick put down the oven gloves and sat down next to her. He smiled and met her gaze warmly as he covered her small hand with his own.
“I think he’s alright, you dear old boot. We had a bit of an intense evening. Oh, God. Some things had been unsaid for far too long. I’d no idea....” she trailed off and grimaced. “But it’s alright. We’re alright, I think. We were both a bit... overwhelmed.  And knackered, and he fell asleep. I just popped down before going to bed to make sure he was alright.” She stopped and smiled wanly at John. “Like you. Oh, Christ John. I’m so glad he’s got you. Just so bloody glad of it. I’d always worried, you see. It was always in the back of my mind that he was facing the world alone.”
It seemed as if Patrick had been given the same abrupt wake-up call as John and Sherlock. As they made their reluctant way down the hall to the wide stone staircase that led to the entrance hall, he emerged from a room further along the corridor shrugging his dressing gown on over a pair of monogrammed green silk pajamas and slippers. His elegantly dishevelled hair swung in a heavy curtain over his face as he tied the cord around his waist, and he paused when he caught sight of John and Sherlock coming towards him.
John wasn’t sure how long the piece lasted, but it ended with a ringing silence. Sherlock lowered his bow slowly, his chest gently heaving from the exertion, and gave a slight, mocking bow. He abruptly lowered himself to the hearthrug and leaned against John’s chair in a decidedly casual manner.
