, you utter tit, until giving it a go. Am I right? Or, am I right. I believe I'm right."
Sherlock winces.
Sherlock's entire torso is heaving, his breathing harsh and raspy. Beads of perspiration are rolling down his back.
Sherlock stalls.
"Jaawww..." Sherlock clears his throat, filling up his lungs with fresh oxygen. "John. Your behavior is patently absurd."
prerogative as your Co as to how to proceed with the inquiry.
"Oh, yes. Bravo!" The captain claps. "Now stick that fine arse up farther, high as it will go without you straining yourself - no, Holmes, keep your head down. Christ, man, you're a soldier!" John scolds. "Carry on, hoist that luscious arse higher! Up! Up! Holmes,you lazy git, you're the human equivalent of a rubber-band. Keep on!" Sherlock grunts with effort and does as John says. "That's it, wonderful. I said
Sherlock blinks, confused and concerned by John's mixed signals. A single solitary thought bounces from one side of his skull to the other. The words blaze in blinding neon pink P22 Johnston Underground.
Sherlock watches as John's expression switches from desirous, to chagrined, to embarrassed, all in one breath. "Stand back up, luv," he sniffs. "Huh. I became carried away, what with all of your cheekbones. Eh, there's something we need to agree upon before we. You know. Get on with it." John flaps the ribbon in the air. "Yeah?"
John. I want you now," Sherlock growls. "Take a shower with me. I'm going to wash up all of your stinky bits, and then I plan on taking you
"Nnngh...", Sherlock mumbles, needing to catch his breath lest he pass out. Well, that was cruel...he was ambushed! Each poke, every tickle a yawning crack in his composure. "Yes, Sir! Sorry, Sir!" he snivels like the sad sap he's become.
Piqued, the captain thwacks his alter ego's head.
and it's high time that Sherlock was reminded of this fact. From now on, Captain Watson is going to give the orders in bed...and on the rug...in deserted back alleys - if his plan is successful.
Kriegspiel: ('War game') an unorthodox game in which the players are blind to the other player's moves. (Just like "Battleship", sans lights and buzzers) Players must deduce their opponent's pieces position by asking an umpire pre-approved questions. The umpire then reports captures and/or checks with each move. The umpire also provides opponents with new clues.
"Mmmm, so lovely, but not quite right. Spread your legs, Private, prepare for a surprise inspection." Sherlock's skin is milky white, sinewy muscles flexing underneath. So lovely is right, the man's a goddamn sight of physical perfection. John croons approvingly watching Sherlock's bottom half unfurls like a peace lily warmed by morning sun. "Now bend your knees. I want to see everything you have to give." The genius whines and complies, utterly embarrassed. He's exposed, pinned. Sherlock's imagination runs rampant. He rifles through his sex index for acts of coitus specific to this position. The majority are acceptable to his sense of decorum. A few of them cause his gorge to rise.
"Spot on up to here, Private, though I'm unclear on how you deduced the seal's condition whilst blindfolded."
The genius hears his blogger speaking, but the words are fuzzy and indistinct, unimportant. "Hmmm?" he murmurs, pushing determinedly into John's slightly soft abdomen, a small pad of fat circling his navel. Sherlock finds it incredibly endearing, and a most excellent surface to rub against; especially whilst salty-slick with his come. "God, John.You feel so good."
Sherlock wails.
He sniffs.
deigned to turn around, he would have seen Sherlock's patrician nose flaring like a bull's facing a matador.
Couldbe
"Sherlock. We will get there, I promise. Eventually. However, if you don't give me an answer right this second, these get binned, and we never speak another word about this." John sniffs, tilts his head, and purses his lips, all whilst simultaneously raising one eyebrow. He's a plain-spoken man, even in his blog, but a virtuoso of facial expression.
outline the obvious fact of your disobedience following a direct order. Private, you
(See the end of the chapter for
I said, one-o'clock. Put a move on, Holmes, I haven't got all day!"
Stay safe, stay well, and always, always, always wash your hands.
The detective goggles, gingerly exploring the flesh of his neck. The last time John unleashed his "crazy" Jeff Hope prowled the busy streets of London.
know by now that I love you. Honestly, it's the only reason I tolerate all your nonsense. And," his light voice deepens seductively, "why I have something very special in mind."
heels, and hellishly elastic
He closes his eyes, a defensive measure, yeah? It's an old trick, this, creaing a mental white board on which to outline offensive manoeuvres. However, for some obscure reason, his dry erase marker coloured an icy aquamarine blue - no, chartreuse. Perhaps it's called sky blue? Or steel grey? Citroen. The marker's light against the white and thus difficult to read. Despite this, John wouldn't have it any other way.
it, this potentiality - first as heat, transformed to kinetic, finally morphing into chemical ascendancy. Sherlock quivers, overwhelmed, drown in the will of his captain. John infiltrates his lover's cells through osmosis, suspended between Sherlock's atoms like a bomb. It's an overabundant wealth of potential, this conviction. John has power. John
"Hmm, I'll assume that this is an affirmative, Private?" The captain chuckles, deep and dirty in his throat. "So. Let's begin."
The captain grinds his teeth. "Spectacular, Sherlock.
John presses in hungrily, consuming everything that Sherlock has on offer. Although no dummy, John doesn't have the skill-set to see. Sherlock Holmes, that self-absorbed, stubborn-arsed maniac of a man, has already offered himself up. He's arranged on a platter, a ripe, rosy apple held between full lips.
Sherlock considers his options, calculating the distance to the closest exit. He'd rather not brain himself on the wall. John knows his detective, he
"Captain?"
He lets go. the condition being peculiarly peaceful. Sherlock's four unhindered senses seem to sharpen, now honed to full capacity. He's running on animal instinct.  Sherlock feels the heat of John's hand, meandering a mere inch over his flesh. Searching for the next target, perhaps?
Sherlock's reason breaks camp does a runner. This is not John's fun twisted version of a romp, but a reverse simulacrum of their relationship.
'til the bottom of his lobe faces the ceiling. "Ow! John...what the hell! John?" Sherlock squeaks, squirming at the unfamiliar sting. "Exactly what do you think you are doing?" Inexplicably, his hands remain passive and still, resting on the bones of John' hips.
And something breaks in Sherlock, snaps, lips and tongue going all out to keep up. "Sir, yes Sir! I'm dripping sir, verily soaking the couch with pre-cum. I'm so hard, Captain," he moans, "incredibly, agonizingly hard. I need to come! Sir, it's starting to hurt."
(See the end of the chapter for
RAMC motto: "In arduis fidelis" - "Faithful in adversity"
"Ah. Apologies, Captain," Sherlock chokes out, "that was an inappropriate choice of metaphor, to say the least. If you would please be so kind as to delete it, I'd be ever in your debt. What I'm trying to get at, Sir, albeit in a painfully delivered way, is that I've been handed a fortuitous opportunity." Blanching, Sherlock shouts, "Damn it! I did it for a second time, didn't I? Sir. Captain Watson. Sir"
"Well, yes," Sherlock grunts, "obviously. The context to which we're referring to is obvious."
The air feels static with no John to stir it in his wake. The entire flat remains abysmally tranquil, like the deceased. So still. It's very difficult to track time without a reference point, with no sign of life other than himself. Mayhaps, John left the flat to grab a pint with Greg. Sherlock, great lump that he is, sinks into a vat of self-pity.
"Incommmmmiiiiiiinnnng..." the little man hollers, the property of inertia restored.
Sherlock squawks, too petrified to muster a reply. The best he can manage is a wobbly nod, sweat seeping beneath the blindfold to burn his eyes. Beads of perspiration trickle down his face and pool in his philtrum. Sherlock licks the salt away and can't fathom why John likes the flavour. Frankly, he smells like a stink badger.
Sherlock's mouth reforms itself into a quirk. John knows he's a soft target for praise. Absently whistling Liszt, the genius parses the data front-to-back, and vice versa.
"Jo-" Sherlock blurts out before thinking.
-------------------------
embrace the word "freak", in reference  to his flatmate, partner...best friend-cum-lover.
"Trade secret, Sir," Sherlock quips. "The phone, now that's interesting. Is it interesting? Why is it interesting? Captain, you tragically under-utilise it's plethora of features other than for texting, collecting evidence photos, and writing blogs. It's necessity at this time is at variance with your habits. John, I know you. You're dead set against sexting or recording copulation due to aforementioned creepy British Government."
John groans, grabbing Sherlock's biceps like an anchor against which to propel himself away. The genius wails in actual pain at the loss of pleasure.
"Puh...puh...pardon?" A pink flush suffuses Sherlock's cheeks. "A yes, as in what, precisely? In what context? A yes or no for what?
On to hearing then. Good, this will be smashing. When his ears are pricked, Sherlock can hear a mouse fart. He's like a bat, hence the coat. The genius holds his breath and listens to the sound of his heart. Well, the low thumping gurgle settles one of his burgeoninging questions; no, he's not died and gone to Hell.
John fumbles briefly with the lock release. The cuffs are stiff, being so new, and Sherlock is so bloody tall. The men each flash a grin at the definitive snapping open of the second lock. Sherlock flushes. He's undeniably jubilant at being freed.
The constraints on Sherlock's person are inconvenient, but hardly onerous. Taking on a Holmes is risky business. It hardly ever ends well for the contestant. Besides, his John is the tea to Sherlock's cake, a matched set. Yes, it's in the thrill of the chase, blood pumping through their veins, yes, just the two of them, up against the
John's spine snaps like firewood, knees imitating floorboards. John's a middle-aged mercenary who is having a very bad day.
And damn it, my muse stepped a toe into to the Dark Side (they have biscuits).
This went waaaay outside my comfort zone. I've never written porn for the sake of porn, and Dom/sub porn - well, it's my first. Hopefully it didn't come across as cheesy!
A flush of rosy pink colour drifts down from his chest to the rippling muscles crushing his gut.
Do that tongue...uhh,
John steals closer, lips slipping impossibly close, without touching. It's fucking infuriating to be patient, and Sherlock generally has no use for equanimity. Waiting seems so very...submissive. The waiting is making him mad. He's mentally raving, intellectually foaming at the mouth. He's hysterical, aching for John's scorching liquid mouth, his clever prehensile tongue. And, that's it. Private Holmes is
It's impossible to do brainwork in such a state.
He jumps to his feet, clutching the picture like a talisman. This. That? How atrocious! Despite the poor photo quality, the pictures are salacious; and appallingly, wickedly on point. Try as he might, an unmanly squeak leaves his lips.
"Control yourself, man! Christ, pay attention to something other than own sodding self. I expect, no, demand that all my men honour the Queen's Division Code of Conduct. No excuses, no exceptions, and no whinging about the lack of fresh milk. No stealing of my Christmas chocolate. No spouting obfuscating details about a case and assuming I understand what you're taking about. Oi! And that 'Look'! And, absolutely positively no TOENAILS ripped off corpses swimming in my great-aunt's copper tea kettle. In 20% hydrofluoric acid, you arse - 20%!" John swallows, trying to settle his temper. "And know this. The proviso goes triple for those up-market tarts who have...cheekbones, and impossibly gorgeous everything else."
"Soldier?" the Captain whispers right in his ear. It surprises Sherlock, the Captain's body so very near to his. He hadn't even heard him change position. "I must make an inquiry, as per RAMC protocol" his voice soft but insistent, "and I expect you to answer truthfully - without exception." John's lips nibble along his ear's curving cartilage, sending Sherlock reeling. How the
have issues to discuss, several, to be frank, beginning with your wanton destruction of my expUUH..."
John is very,
Checkmate: basically, an attack on a king that can't be defended. Declaring checkmate is the same as saying "I win".
Sherlock stands, transfixed. He goggles in stupefied wonder at this odd tableau unfolding before him. "John?" he murmurs, shaking his head like a dog after its bath - or a man recovering from concussion. Destroyed slides and ruined experiments are no longer of any concern to this conceited, string-bean of a man. Sherlock's jaw belatedly drops to the floor. He feels like a bird held frozen in the cold, lidless glare of an asp.
"No matter, Captain, it's inconsequential as to where we fuck," Sherlock over-enunciates the 'k', "I thought you knew that by now. Besides, Anthea was perfectly happy reviewing the footage." This addendum to his admission propels John to squawking like a chicken. Sherlock tucks John's contrary reaction in his hard drive under 'John's Sexual Proclivities/Not Exactly Cricket". Feeling guilty not at all, Sherlock carps, "I'm only saying it because it's true."
"Right, let's hear it then, Private," John demands He's so close!
"Excuses, excuses. A military man owns up to his mistakes
The detective moves before it's obvious that he's balking. John's smile is a no more than a lethal baring of sharp teeth.
What is the meaning of this travesty?" Sherlock bellows, indignantly slamming the pocket door into its slot. He stands, chest heaving and pink-cheeked, in the doorway. John licks his thumb, looks down at his lap, and casually flips to the crossword. Sherlock's eyes narrow into ill-humored slits. "John? I asked you a question. I believe I deserve an explanation," he snorts. "At the very least, I expect an apology."
"Sorry, Sir," the detective squawks between harsh breaths, "for disobeying a direct order, Sir. By not remaining still, Sir, according to your command, Sir. I apologize wholeheartedly for such grievous insubordination." The captain remains silent, stiff, statue-like.
"Yes. And no, Sir! Yes
Despite his posture radiating shame, Private Holmes also appears a wee bit pleased with himself. He's being incendiary towards his Captain on purpose. "Sir?"
In a far back recess of Sherlock's Mind Palace are The Kinks, the aggressive electric guitar barging past his barriers. Vibrations accelerate up his brain stem to rattle his teeth.
"Tell me now, Sherlock, and for God's sake, don't prevaricate. Is this," John jiggles his cargo, one item giving a definite metallic clink, "a yes for you, or not?"
bow chicka WOW wow...
"'Best' my arse," Sherlock mutters sotto voce. "Godli - Shit!" The feather brushes over his balls, eliciting in him a small scream.
"Pleased to hear it. Now do as I ordered. Describe how you must look at this moment. Your willingness to serve will please me very much indeed," The captain licks his lips, "and more than you can possibly understand."
"Private Holmes," Watson snaps, "This was a direct order, something that should be obvious to a genius. I'm not a tolerant man, nor a patient one; I would prefer to complete this exercise
A proper commanding officer puts his needs behind his men's, their well-being and safety of top priority. John ignores his raging impulses. He's a captain and he will keep himself in hand, no matter what.
Don't be obtuse, man. This reckless tinkering...could be dangerous. Two." Sherlock's head is yanked back twice. He makes no obvious protest, although his scalp must be burning. John has learned through intimate experience that Sherlock has very sensitive follicles. "You leave the bunkhouse untidy and full of rubbish. You keep eyeballs in the crisper and thumbs on standard regulation corpse-free shelves. I have strict standards in regards to hygiene, which you piss on. Every single bloody day. Three,"
in charge here, you self-aggrandizing arse."
Blunder: a bad move
"Ew! Stop talking about Mycroft, you're putting me off." John practically begs. "Shite, I think I just vomited a little in my mouth. Can we," the Captain wetly clears his throat, "
If a barely sentient creature like a cricket can clock John's whereabouts, so can he.
The following few days pass equably enough, much to the genius's chagrin. John had woken up, flashed a wry smile, kissed the tip of Sherlock's nose, and wandered bare-arsed into the kitchen to fill the kettle. Nary a wink or lewd grin crossed his lips. It was if that night's events were but a dream, but Sherlock knew otherwise; how else explain the evidence of chafed skin and sore bum? Nay, John had taken him good, taken him hard. Sherlock wanted John to do it again.
(See the end of the chapter for
After self-reflection, I believe that from now on I will use the phrase "I digress" in every single work that I post. It's a very "Sherlock Holmes" thing to say. In addition, as an ADHD individual, it's my brain's personal motto - whether I like it or not. Ooh look, candy!
, fu..."
Sherlock's distraction over his flailing arse cheeks makes for easy entry. John moves in, creeping until he's poised and looming over his target.
I know I know I know! This is way pathetically short. My mom is in the hospital and I have no idea when I will next have time to write. I wanted to post the smidgeon of what I had so that you wouldn't think I'd abandoned the story.
Active: an aggressive style of play
"Well done, man," the small man crows, falling out of character. "On you go."
Touch Move: rule whereby if you touch a piece you have to move it.
(See the end of the chapter for
"John?" he says, "may I break character for a brief moment?"
"Sir, that couldn't be further from the truth." Sherlock says, sincere sincerity coming out his ears. In fact, he's feeling fairly dribbly all over. It's not a surprising turn of events, in light of his predicament. "Honestly, Captain. Truly, Sir, with all verisimilitude, I...oh, hell. These blasted sentiments will one day drive me mad! I vow to you, Sir, I'm
The detective stares at the back of John's head in astonishment.
His blogger's inquiries are reasonable, logical things for him to think about. It's only proper to reflect, offering heartfelt and honest information. Logical and proper, if unnerving as all shit. The genius has never in his life avoided an intellectual sparring match, no matter how obtuse the subject. And, Sherlock craves danger; it acts like oxygen, a necessary component for fueling his brain. It's not air, but adrenaline that keeps his heart pumping. The battlefield here, however, isn't merely mental. The exchange includes emotion, sex, and fundamental value.
In itself, the combination of data concludes that the context of your query is self-evident."
Easy peasy.
The doctor wavers, deliberates, and  straightens up. He purses his lips whilst considering his options. The proper course of action is indisputable. Sherlock's confusion is palpable. John tastes it on his tongue, sweet and savoury. It's too much. He licks a line from Sherlock's coccyx to thoracic spine (T5, if one is wondering, it's as far as John's legs will allow).
"Your thanks are a bit premature, Private. If you fail, I'll leave you bound and gagging for it for a fortnight.
Finally, I promised myself that THIS chapter would involve actual penetration. However, at that rate, it wouldn't be ready until next Easter.
Soooorrrryy this took so long. I have my reasons (lol...too much work, not enough brain power). I hope it was worth the wait.
This time, John can't hold back. He laughs, laughs out loud, and his lover's fight or flight reflex sets him barreling at full throttle past John. To the doctor's immediate horror, Sherlock's ridiculously long legs are tangling; knees crossing, ankles bent. He's a salty human pretzel snapping into pieces.
"Bingo! There it is, fucking finally, you wanker. Ready for your reward, are you? You've surely earned one after all I've put you through," John groans. "I want to see you squirming, Private, begging. I'm going to make you feel so good," he cries, "I like to see how good I can make you feel. I like to hear it." John gasps. He has to get it out. "I like to watch your face change when you come."
The captain's own, charged energy lights up the detective's every synapse. He lets go. He's subsumed by the deluge of John's power. Sherlock feels it,
Eventually, Private Holmes mans up. He sets his spine into alignment and and takes a deep breath. No one can dither indefinitely. John's smile sharpens, sublimely wicked in intent. He feels it difficult to hold in a guffaw imagining steam pouring from Sherlock's ears.
John stops and blinks up at him. “No? No, what?”
“And I was getting to that. I do have a point, you know,” John says, but it’s more teasing than rebuking. “You hate being seen as only an unfeeling machine. That’s why I don’t think it’s a bad thing that your brother hinted at a different side to you in this. It’s not going to make you any less intimidating, or brilliant, but I also know you also hate people thinking you’re soft.”
Those are his excuses, anyway.
Silence. And then they hear Mrs. Hudson coming up the stairs, and they both sigh.
John cranes his neck to stare up at him in disbelief. “
“M’kay. Sounds good.”
Imagine them slow-dancing in their home by the light of the fire to a classic Christmas songs playlist John made, until they get so content and sleepy that they can no longer stay upright and simply shuffle off to bed in each other’s arms.
And then, the doorbell rings.
Because Sherlock, now that he's alone, has...
nice, Sherlock. In your own way.”
“I’m sorry boys, I know I said I wouldn’t bother you on your day off, but the magazines are finally here!” she says, clearly excited. John turns his head enough to see her place a box on his chair and bustle towards the kitchen. “Let me just find a scissor and get this open for you. This is so
Don’t think about him grocery shopping while Christmas music plays over the radio overheard, and of the song “I’ll Be Home For Christmas” playing, and of his hands starting to shake so he leaves behind everything he’s carrying and marches out of the store to try to breathe.
John sighs. Then, quietly: “Listen… There are always going to be people who only see your brain and forget your heart. I used to be one of them, and I know it, and I’ll always regret it. The only difference is now there just might be more people who paint you as the caring hero instead, but you’re not either one of those extremes. You fall somewhere in the middle, because you are a
“Like a textured alley wall somehow indicates capturing criminals. The bloody
Imagine John placing that frame and looking at all of the cards hung all over the walls and mantle, from friends and family and clients and fans, and thinking of those cards' inscriptions of “To Sherlock & John” and “To John & Sherlock.” Imagine John thinking of the tags on the presents they gave everyone they love, and how they were signed “Love Sherlock & John” with no hesitation; and imagine he clearly thinks that
"Alright," John says easily. "No idea why you're in a mood this time, but feel free to enlighten me anytime you'd like."
and he's
mind! He made me sound so… soft. It’s awful.”
Sherlock smirks. “This is different because it’s Mycroft. People expect sentiment from you at this point. You’ve been waxing poetic about me since the day we met.”
Imagine Sherlock reading those thoughts on his face and saying “I know” with a soft smile, and the flat is quiet and peaceful as snow falls outside, and they kiss and they kiss and they kiss.
. It'll just be a single glimpse and it'll be worth it. The information the room could hold! The deductions he might make! The newfound knowledge he'll potentially acquire!
Sherlock mumbles quietly, “I don’t care.”
“Oh, God. As if the
Sherlock smiles back and tilts his head, pretending to consider. “Hmm, maybe. But this is the rare instance where I don’t mind repetition.”
Think, instead, of the Christmas
. Old glass of water next to it. Couple of picture frames on the dresser but he disappointedly can't see their contents from this angle and he doesn't have the courage to actually enter the room. Slight layer of dust; the watch is placed in more or less the same area every day. Basket of dirty clothes... Are those—socks? On the floor? He squints and wonders which drawer holds the jumpers. Drawer... two?
Imagine them shopping for presents for their friends and family together, both online and in the store, and the good-natured bickering that ensues.
article was published, John, but at least you’re both on the cover this time. I’m none too pleased that Mycroft was chosen to write the article and if he’s said anything poor about either of you I will be extremely cross, mark my words. But I’ll just go downstairs to read and leave you two alone to look at this by yourselves, shall I? Might pop over and show Mrs. Turner…”
Sherlock drums his fingers on the chair. Crosses and uncrosses his legs. Fidgets. Very abruptly stands, grabs his phone, takes a photo of the draped jumper, and then—snatches it up.
John snorts and opens the magazine, quickly finding the page with the article on it. “Christ, I can’t decide if this is better or worse than the cover. Look at that background. What was it the photographer said?”
Sherlock doesn't care. He
He knows John is out with Stamford for the day, and he knows Mrs. Hudson is out doing... something. Doesn't matter. The point is that he knows he's alone. But he continues to listen carefully, for the umpteenth time, checking just to make sure again and again. He gathers the will to move.
John smiles up at him, feeling completely smitten for the billionth time. “Have I mentioned lately that I love you?”
The same can be said for its current sole inhabitant: Sherlock sits in his chair, fingers steepled under his chin as he stares towards the open door.
Sherlock puts on a snide American voice. “‘We want to photograph you in your
I walked over to the cabinets and opened them, ruffling through the stuff. "Hey! What are you doing?" she yelled as I searched. I pulled out a small slip of paper. 'Meet me where it all began.'
Christmas Eve. One of the most heartbreaking days ever. Today was going to be the day I tell him, even if it's way too late, how I felt about him. The snow slid down my coat and I shivered as I quickly walked to the graveyard.
I didn't know what to do. Footsteps coming up the stairs notified me of somone's approach. To heavy to be Mrs. Hudson. No cane. The only other person who ever came here was Lestrade. "What do you want?" I asked.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I chuckled, nodding. Of course we could go on vacation. "Where to?"
I picked the book up and looked at the title.
"It's a surprise. You will like it though."
"You brought shorts right?" He asked suddenly. I jumped, slightly startled. I thought he had been asleep.
Silently, he slipped it over her head, twisting it in his fingers, before deciding he needed to analyze it closer. "I'm taking this."he replied, noting her confused expression. Nodding slightly, she showed them out.
"He's going to be okay. He's not awake but you can go to his room." she said. I mumbled a thanks before stumbling to the room and falling into the chair beside his bed. I grabbed his hand and fell asleep, head on the bed.
The sunlight filtered through the curtains and I groaned as I peeled my eyes open. This morning was just the same as any other morning for the past two years. It was going to be a dull day and I would probably end up back here doing the same thing before bed later today.
dating John. It's a miracle really. Who knew?" he chuckled and soon the whole flat was full of laughter.
"Wait. You weren't even here?"
"I'm still sorry. Maybe if you went on and found someone else. A new flatmate long before Mike found you, maybe we never would have been in this situation. Maybe you... after we get through this.... maybe you should find someone who won't hurt you like I do." I smiled sadly, tears in my eyes.
I smiled at her thankfully and turned my attention back on the stall.
"Look closer." he said and I leaned down. I didn't know what he wanted me to look for though.
I growled in frustration, eyebrows furrowed in concentration. I studied the contents of the bathroom, looking around to find something that could give clues. "Do you mind if I look at the clothes?" I asked.
"Well then there's the obvious fact that he found out his wife was dead and didn't even shed a single tear."
"Unless there's a reason she wants to be found." I said. John looked at me like I was crazy. "What?"
"Why are you smiling? John just died." he asked confused and I rolled my eyes before pulling him into a hug.
"Did I really hurt you that much, to the point where you are going to kill everyone I love?" I asked.
I shook my head. "No. They are perfectly fine."
"How many more do you have?" I groaned.
"What is it brother mine?" he sighed.
I knew he didn't want to talk about this but I knew we needed to but I nodded slowly, crawling out from under the covers. John followed not to long after and we headed into the dining room to set about making plans.
"For your... experiments." she replied and Sherlock chuckled.
"You amaze me sometimes. You are willing to put everything aside to help out everyone, even if you get hurt in the process. God I love you." I whispered hugging him tightly.
I didn't really know very many people but those I did know needed to be protected. I glanced up at Sherlock who was waiting for me. "Sorry did you ask me something?" He chuckled and shook his head.
"We tried everything we could." he said and I pushed into the room to find the machines unplugged and ran over to his side. I grabbed his pale, cold, lifeless hand and sank to my knees, tears falling until I couldn't see. I didn't try to hold back my sobs as I stared at the floor, still holding his hand. I gasped, trying to breathe but I couldn't get enough air into my lungs.
Mycroft pushes his way towards the couch and noticed that we were playing Mario Kart. "Move over. I wanna beat my brother."
"Please look around and see if you can find out where he went. He could be in major trouble.... thanks" I hung up and scrambled down the stairs, bumping into someone at the base. "Sorry dude." I mumbled as I tried to manuver around him.
"Emotional connections to John. It would hurt him too much. I can't put him through that." I whispered. Lestrade nodded slowly. He was about to turn and leave when John stumbled into the room dressed in my robe. It was way too long on him but I felt a sense of pride in seeing that.
We sat in utter silence, not the awkward kind of silence but one that's comfotable. Each of us glad the other is there. We sat like that for a few hours before Sherlock finally shuddered and I realized we were still outside in the snow and he had no scarf.
Sherlock sat next to me and wrapped his arm around me. "Who are they?" Lestrade asked.
"Molly and I ended our relationship just before she left. We were just awkward and she likes another person. Anyway, I need a place to stay, can I stay here?" he asked. Looking over to Sherlock to make sure he was okay with it, John nodded.
I am really sorry about how crappy my case was. The horrible deductions and things of the sort. I apologize again.-Levi
"John!" Sherlock yelled, shaking me violently. Tears were sliding down my face so fast that he couldn't wipe them away. "It's okay. Everything's okay. I'm here right now." he whispered. I hugged him, glad that it was just a nightmare.
"Lets just relax, watch a movie, maybe play some card games." He said.
"But you never beat me." He pouted.
"Don't be rude. "
"You are a romantic you know that?" he asked snuggling into my chest.
"Yes. Canoe. Now come on." He said excitedly, grabbing my hand and pulling me out of the door.
"Look at this he even has a hideout. A place that he can co in case something like this happens. No body plans this stuff out just in case. He planned this." I said. John looked at me again. He looked like he couldn't believe I just pieced all of that together. "Sorry again." I apologized.
"You know. Who is M?" he asked, slightly hurt that I tried lying to him. I took a deep breath.
"You know them." he stated and I nodded. I tried to catch my breath, my eyes filling with tears. It was impossible. I thought they were dead. How are they here right now?
"No reason I should tell you that."
"What... no. You know we never get through a whole game." I mumbled.
I wandered around the gift shop and came across a picture on the front cover of a book. I really liked it too. It was an otter in a scarf with his body twisted around the hedgehog, looking down at him as the hedgehog looked up. The number on the side said 221B and it took me a second to realize that the number was our address.
I swallowed the lump that formed in my throat and took a step back, schooling my features. "What does it mean?" I asked, hoping I sounded curious. Why would she be coming back now? She didn't say anything after that night, up until now.
He took the phone from my hands. "It starts at 5:00 Molly." he said. He then looked at the time. He shut the phone of, looked at me, turned around, and began walking back to Baker Street.
"Yeah. I have for a while now but I couldn't figure out what to get but now I know."
"Is that why you came back? Or was it just because you enjoyed the job?"
"We don't have to if you don't want to." Sherlock replied. I shook my head and stood up, breathing in shakily. I grabbed his hand and led him back upstairs.
"Enjoy your stay!" She called as we left. Sherlock rolled his eyes as we walked over to the food court. I flipped through the book and was shocked to find they literally and all of my blogs.
"You two are a cute couple you know." She said as her friend walked into the stall next to John.
He immediately wrapped his arms around me and kissed back. I heard a snap as someone took a photo. Chuckling, Lestrade left to go get it developed and when he finally returned he put it in the last page of the photo album. The words 'Will you marry me John Watson?' and 'Yes!' were written on the back as he slid it in.
"Mr. Holmes?" she asked. Lestrade looked up and Mycroft chuckled. He and I both said yes at the same time and the nurse looked shocked for a second. "Sherlock Holmes?" she tried again and Mycroft looked down.
"You are just observant is all. I wouldn't have been able to pick up that much. Of course you are Sherlock Holmes so what could I expect?"
John looked done. He wore all black and he had already been crying. My scarf was still wrapped around his neck but he still shivered as he walked over to the grave. He immediately fell to his knees. He looked so exhausted, as if he hadn't gotten a good night's rest for a long time.
Mrs. Hudson came in and her smile faltered. She walked over and wrapped me into a hug. At this point I was half laughing half crying. I turned to Mrs. Hudson and cried into her neck. "What happened dear?"
"I miss everything about you Sherlock and I still find myself looking at your chair and making an extra cup... of tea in the mo-morning." I had to take a few breaths before continuing. "All those times I said we weren't a couple... I never wanted to accept the fact that we could be. I realized, right before you...you... well you know... that I liked you and after you had, I realized it was more than just that."
Once we arrived at 221b Baker Street, I noticed John shivering. I waited until he finished knocking to pull him close to me, kissing him as I wrapped my scarf around his neck again.
"Please don't say anything until I have finished." I nodded and began running my fingers through his hair. "The other day at the cemetary wasn't my first time thinking about harming myself. I was going to that day, yes, but it wasn't the first." I stopped moving my fingers for a moment before continuing, keeping my promise and not saying anything until afterwards.
I stumbled upstairs and into my room. I dug through my drawers. Cigarettes. They wouldn't do anything. I threw them off to the side. I moved to my bookshelf and felt behind the books. Nothing. I growled throwing the books across the room. I ran to my closet. More cigarettes. I started laughing. Of course the one time I don't need them, I find them everywhere. I fell to the floor, clutching my side as I laughed. Snorting as I rocked back and forth.
Sherlock stepped out of their bathroom with nothing but a towel wrapped around his waist. He smiled at John, his blue eyes glittering in the lamplight, as he slowly got dressed. He was being a tease and John knew he was doing it on purpose.
"It's not your fault.  Do you want to go back to sleep?" I shook my head again and he nodded. He hugged me tighter and let me finish crying.
I am so sorry that this chapter was short. I also know it was kind of out of place but I felt it needed to be there. I think this turned out horribly so please give some feedback. If I made any mistakes, please let me know I will fix them. Thank you-Levi.
Hailing a cab proved to be more difficult a task than usual. Sliding into the sleek black cab, Sherlock told the cabbie where to go. Ringing resounded throughout the vehicle as he waited for a voice on the other end.
I shook my head, my chest aching. Please... don't die on me John... I love you too much and I couldn't live here if you were gone. Please, come back.
A nurse walked in and giggled. "You two seem like you're having a moment. I'll come back." Then she turned to leave.
"No." I hung up and handed the phone back to Lestrade who looked at me confused. I looked back down to Mike and moved his head to the side. Large bump on the side of the head. Knocked out. Person had time to change the water in the pipes. But poison can't just settle into the body by touch on the skin without leaving any marks. There are no marks on the body so he had to have gotten it into his system somehow.
"They were my parents Sherlock."
"Yeah okay fair enough." John sighed.
I sat there, staring at the wall for quite a while. Occasionally telling John whether to keep a pair of shorts or not.
"But we don't have to do that. Someone else can." I tried to persuade him not to do it. At this point I couldn't tell if I was doing it for him, or for me.
"A week."
"Please." he choked out. He sounded so broken. I turned towards him, trying to keep my face stoic but I knew my eyes were full of tears. "She would have killed you. Sherlock she would have..."
Sherlock chuckled, heading toward the counter and paid for our rooms for a week. As soon as he paid we took the bags upstairs and relaxed a bit.
He layed down and rested his head in my lap. "What's going on?" I asked. He looked up at me through his bangs and my stomach twisted in knots.
"How is living with my brother? Quite annoying, I imagine." I asked.  I was still kind of confused as to why Mycroft allowed him to stay there anyway. Usually he doesn't care about such trivial matters.
"Wow you're absolutely insane Sherlock." he replied, looking at me in wonder.
"Fine." I mumbled.
"Come, Gregory, we should give him some space so he could say his goodbyes." Mycroft whispered and Lestrade nodded slowly. Guiding Lestrade out, he looked back, a look of sympathy on his face. "I'm sorry." he said quietly before leaving the room and closing the door behind him.
He changed me so much. He made me a better man. Kinder. I was so worried when Moriarty said he had snipers on him and I almost jumped immediately. I would have if Moriarty hadn't given me a disapproving glare. He hated that I had emotions. He hated that John had changed me. So when he killed himself, I couldn't find another way to save him, so I jumped. The result was horrible but at least John had been safe.
"It's true. I do. Lestrade told me he would be here all day and I got bored so I decided to come along as well."
"Oh no. It was truly a great idea. Though you could have made the whole thing better." Mycroft was fully awake now, staring at me.
"And how could I have done that?"
A loud bang resounded through the Cafe after she fired the gun. I clutched my stomach as I fell to my knees. I bit my tongue, trying not to cry out in pain. "Till next time John." she whispered in my ear before disappearing.
"It is hot. I have an image to keep."
"I-it's nothing. It could wait. Don't want to ruin the moment." he choked out. I looked at John worriedly.
"Why?" he asked curiously.
"Are you being serious right now?" Lestrade asked just as confused, if not more so, as John.
My heart shattered again. What did I do to you? I'm so sorry John. I won't ever do anything like this again. I tilted his face up, searching his eyes for anything but sadness but he closed them before I got a chance to look well enough.
"Only if you agree to tell me about the hospital, will I tell you." I said and John nodded slowly. I took a deep breath before recounting my dream.
"Come have a seat." she said patting the bed next to her. I walked over but I refused to sit. John grabbed my hand and I shook it off. Tears filled his eyes and I saw Lestrade staring at me in horror. Mycroft, a look of fear. I yanked the morphine needle out of John's arm, ignroing his shout in pain. "Going back to your drugs are you?" she asked, eyebrow raised.
"He... he's alive." one of them exclaimed and I nodded because I knew if I opened my mouth I would laugh in delight. "You need to leave for a bit but he should be fine." the nurse said, ushering me out of the room. I stood in the hallway, surprised about what had just happened.
"You looked tired. You needed the sleep. You should go home, have some proper rest. I'll be fine." he said and I instantly shook my head "Oh well. It was worth a try." he sighed. I grabbed his hand and smiled widely. "The doctor said I should be out of here in a day or two. I need to be careful for a bit though so I don't open the stitches." I nodded eagerly. I couldn't wait to get back home.
"No. You get restless without a case. We are going." I said. I wasn't going to have my mind changed either. He sighed and put his violen up.
She nodded and Sherlock looked at me, confusion written all over his face. With a bit of struggle, Molly managed to unzip the dress and pull it down. She gasped as she flipped the body over. It wasn't too hard to figure out. There was an arrow on her neck pointing down, so I decided that it would be pointing at her back.
After quickly buying the shampoo and arriving at the airport I found myself extremely excited to find out where we were going.
"He woke up. Lestrade, he woke up." I said, crying slightly. He pulled away, looking into my eyes, searching to see if I was lying before pumping a fist into the air and smiling.
"We are I  the states. No one knows you. And you wonder why everyone draws the scarf on your otter. You never take it off."
"One last pair. I promise." I nodded and sighed as he walked back into the stall. A woman sat down next to me.
I dropped the bag screaming for Mrs. Hudson as I stared at the body that was Sherlock, lying on the bed. I ran into the room, grabbing his head, cuddling him. Mrs. Hudson stepped in and she immediately called the hospital. He was still breathing but it was weak. I cried, tears falling on his face. His eyes opened flightly as I pulled the sryinge out of his arm.
Sherlock hailed a taxi and we both climbed in. I stared out the window trying to figure out what she meant. Where what began? Where we met? That was probably the most likely.
He wore the scarf but always seemed to be cold no matter what he was wearing. He looked exhausted and devestated. He knelt in front of it and began to cry. My heart broke into a million pieces. I couldn't bear the sight of him so broken and I knew it was because of me.
"Wow... that sounds like us."
I smiled down at John, glad that he was still here, before quietly sliding out of the bed. I started boiling some water to make some tea and began pacing back and forth. This case is extremely important because it obviously has to do with John. He could be in danger.
"Oh really?" He asked. I nodded, humming while I leaned in.
"Just come on." he whispered, grabbing my hand. I hid my face in my scarf and quickly followed him. We walked into the Cafe and took a seat in the back corner so that no one could see my face. When the waitress showed up, I looked at the picture on the wall so she couldn't see my face.
"Fine. What about your striped shirt?"
"Of course. When do I ever joke?"
We were right next to each other and I pulled ahead at the last second, beating my brother who sat there stunned.
"I say yes but will you? Will you marry me John Watson?" he asked. Molly started squealing as I nodded. I couldn't trust myself to speak because of how excited I was. He slid the ring on my finger with a huge smile on his face. I wrapped my arms around him and kissed him.
Everyday he would do this and everyday my heart continues to break into a million pieces and it hurts. When Molly would bring me food, she would hug me and tell me everything would be alright. She always told me I should just give him a hug and tell him everything's alright but we both knew I couldn't because it wasn't the right time yet and he could be killed.
I shook my head. People were crazy. They never seemed to care about anyone but themselves. I then realized that I would be doing the same thing if I took the case. I would enjoy it but I would be torturing John.
"How did you manage to make me feel better, when I was trying to help you?" We both laughed and I smiled at him warmly. "You should get some rest. I'll be right here when you wake up." I whispered.
I slowly opened my eyes to find John smiling at me. "Hey... why didn't you wake me?" I asked.
When the cabbie pulled up to the flat, I tossed him some notes and made my way inside, slamming the door shut behind me. My facade fell and I slid down the door and sank to the floor, letting the tears fall. I was a fool for letting myself believe that I could be loved by this amazing man. From the moment I met him I knew I was screwed. I would do anything for him even if I didn't want to admit it. I let myself believe that I could actually live a normal life. I would find love and have a happy marriage. I should have known from the start that it couldn't have worked out. Now it was too late. My heart was broken and I couldn't do anything to repair it.
I took a shaky breath as I stood up. I gazed down at the man who, even in death, looked perfect. "I'm so sorry for getting you killed." I whispered as I leaned down, planting a kiss on his forehead. I felt so guilty about it and I turned to leave. I couldn't look at him any longer or I'd break down again.
"That's impossible. They died... years ago." I sank to the floor staring at the couple in front of me. The woman was dressed in a beautiful black dress that reached her knees. Her hair curled, eyes closed. He was dressed in a tuxedo and looked just as she did. They looked as though they were sleeping if it weren't for the cuts on their face, arms and legs. The red hand marks on their necks.
"Y-yes. Yesterday when we were there... in the graveyard. I had snuck closer to hear what you were saying. There was something different about you yesterday and I crept closer to hear. I saw the blade in your pocket and my heart stopped. I was so terrified." I shook my head. "We best get going so that we aren't late to the dinner you're hosting."
"Ok. When do we leave?"
Finally, after hours of hanging put on the beach, Sherlock and I went back up to our hotel room.
"I love you too John." I whispered into his neck as he finished making the coffee. I grapped the cups and placed them on the counter.
"He was choked to death while she bled to death." I stated. Lestrade stared at me in bewilderment.
When did I start falling for John? Maybe it was at the pool with Moriarty. John had stepped out, saying what Moriarty told him, strapped in bombs and I was scared. This was the man I had come to care for really quickly. He just slid into my life and flipped it upside down. Moriarty knew before I did, that I truly loved John. He told me he'd burn the heart out of me and I realized he meant John and I will admit I was slightly confused but then I realized that I loved John. That's not when I fell for him though, that's when I realized that I fell for him. So when was it?
"I thought you would be just another fat, lazy drunk. You weren't and I was confused. I felt a strong bond and refused the money your brother offered."
My eyes snapped open as I gasped for air. I wiped the tears from my face and groaned. Why did I have to keep dreaming about those horrible nights? I knew I was probably whimpering or screaming or making noises of some sort. I hoped that I didn't wake John up. I rolled over to find that no one was in the bed.
"As a matter of fact I do. It's a requirement." I said cheekily. John chuckled as he left to change.
"No. Do I need shorts?"
Sherlock grabbed his bag and rushed onto the bathroom. I changed quickly and waited for Sherlock, who seemed to be taking forever.
"Lestrade, what's going on?" I asked nervously.
I have seen many knives throughout my whole life. I've seen them in the kitchen, lying on the ground, and some sticking out of people's bodies but it never bothered me. Out of all of those knives, none of them scared me. None of them rendered me useless but seeing that knife in John's pocket scared the hell out of me.
My eyes shot open and I lie there sobbing. I accidentally woke John up and he wrapped me in a hug. "Do you want to talk about it?" he asked. I shook my head, not trusting myself to speak. "I'm sorry Sherlock."
When I finally did I saw Sherlock, my Sherlock, looking at me with tear-filled eyes and I knew this wasn't real because an affectionate Sherlock is one thing but never in a milion years would you find Sherlock crying.
We were both silent as we piled into the car Mycroft had waiting for us. "So.. did you enjoy the view?" He asked and I blushed again.
"What?"
"I understand."
"What?"
"Quite the opposite actually. He's been rather pleasant." Lestrade answered trying to mock me. John started laughing and I couldn't tell whether it was because he thought it was funny Lestrade tried to mock me or because he just called my brother pleasant which was far from the truth.
"My name is Mary now. Don't ever call me Rosamund again." I bit harshly. There was a growl behind me and I tensed up. Great. Now I've done it. This man was going to kill me because of my own stupidity.
"I really am sorry. Apparently, years ago, his parents commited suicide to get out of their financial debt. Both he and his sister took this really hard. He joined the army to help his sister out and now suddenly, years later, he finds his parents dead. For real this time. They had lied all that time."
"Wait... if you can't study the DNA how could you know it was Mary? And secondly, why would Mike let her in?"
"But there were no signs of break-ins." Lestrade reminded. I frowned, staring down at the body. There was something off about this whole thing. I leaned down, examining the body closer.
The slight pitter patter of rain catching the boys off guard for it had been really warm only a few minutes ago. They slid into another cab, John wondering why they couldn't have waited until tomorrow.
He nodded and I leaned over the bedside and kissed him on the forehead before sitting in the chair the hospital provided. It wasn't comfortable but if it meant I got to stay at John's side, then I didn't care one bit.
He didn't think I cared. What about all those times I waited for him? All those times he told me 'you should eat something' and I did even though I wasn't hungry. My life has flipped since I met John and he never noticed. I almost chuckled at the thought of it but right now was not the right time.
I gasped as I opened my eyes. I had another nightmare about losing John. Last nights was so much worse now that there was a murder related to him. I don't know if I could live with losing him. I
"You too Mrs. Hudson." He called and I rolled my eyes. Mycroft looked to be enjoying himself but why?
"I'm sorry I wasn't enough." he whispered.
"I won't." I lied. I felt horrible, but if I didn't do this, I could lose everyone I love, including the man I just got back.
I chuckled and gestured for the two of them to follow me. "What are you boys going to be up to?"She asked.
I sighed. I felt so stupid. How could I have not known but he did make it convincing enough. "Why?" Lestrade asked. Mrs. Hudson looked just as interested as I was. I knew that we were targeted but by whom and why?
"Because I, John Hamish Watson, have fallen for you hard. I love every single thing about you and making you happy, Sherlock, is the only thing I could ever wish for." he said in between kisses. Then he pulled away and open the files leaving me breathless. I chuckled and sat up to look at the files too.
The sirens got closer until they were right outside the Cafe door. I was vaguely aware of someone screaming. It sounded like Sherlock. That's funny. Why was he here?
"It's Mario Kart not Karts."
"I'm so sorry John. I know you say you were glad you ran into Mike but I wish you hadn't. If you hadn't run into him that day, you wouldn't be... you wouldn't be... here now, lying dead in a hospital. I am so sorry." I choked out. I couldn't believe that this bright little ray of sunshine had been snuffed out. I tried everything in my willpower to prevent this from happening but it appears it didn't matter because he died anyway.
"This place is huge." I said, taking the bags out of the trunk. Sherlock nodded in agreement and ushered me inside. A blast of cold air .are me sigh and I looked around.
"Yes John?"
"Molly has work to do."
The door of the apartment opened slowly with a creak as Mrs. Hudson walked in. She hurriedly made her way over to me and wrapped her arms around me. She said nothing as I cried and I was grateful for that because I didn't think I'd be able to talk if I tried.
I decided that I should go so I could at least get some stuff before going somewhere else. I told the Cabbie the adress and stared out the window. Tears streaked my face as I thought about what had happened. The person behind Mycroft was going to shoot him. The cabbie had waited for Sherlock to get out. He was going to shoot them. I couldn't let them get hurt.
My heart thundered in my ears and I tried to think of what to do but my mind had stopped working.
I shook my head. "No. He became so serious and withdrawn. I think I lost him Mrs. Hudson. I think I lost him for good." She rubbed my back soothingly and I smiled sadly. "I should go and pack a bag. Goodbye Mrs. Hudson." I whispered. She hugged me tightly before sending me upstairs.
The door opened and I peered through my lashes and saw John standing there with a tray.
"It's no problem. I don't think I would get far in this show anyway."
"Uh, do you mind? I kinda need to go somewhere." I said, still trying to manuver around him.
"No. No. Don't be. I'm happy I chose you too because we probably wouldn't be here right now." I smiled as I stalked towards him.
"Yes mother. Would you like me to show you when I put them on?"
"They look great. You should definitely get them." I said looking back at him. He was smirking and I knew I had been caught staring.
6 floors with tiled black floors with white dots. Leather furniture. To my left and right there were elevators and hallways. There was also a gift shop on my left. I felt like a child, spinning in circles, checking put the place. We were only in the lobby too.
"That was fun." I said collapsing onto the bed after taking a shower.
"He'll be fine Sherlock. You'll see." Lestrade whispered. I nodded even though I wasn't so sure about it but I smiled sadly and quietly thanked him. He jumped back in surprise by my gratefulness and despite the situation, I couldn't help but chuckle. Light filled the room as the door slightly creaked, opening to reveal a nurse. My smile fell as I studied her, hoping against hope that my deductions were wrong.
"Let me see the files." John repeated.
"Of course Sherlock." I said, a large smile on my face.
"Because it's the same shade of blonde as her hair with a little bit of a darker color where the hair was obviously died before. I knew that she had brown hair before she died it blonde so I could only assume it was her. As for the Mike thing, he set up John and Mary when I had 'died' and no one told him that things didn't work out. He believed they were still together, having no idea that she wasn't on his side. He thought that they were still friends but he couldn't have been more wrong."
I chuckles and followed him out to the cove. He grabbed a canoe paying the amount of money needed and dragged me towards a secluded area... well more secluded than anywhere else on the beach.
"Did a plumber come by Mike's place anytime in the past two days?" I asked.
I looked up startled by the sudden noise. "Wh-what?" I groaned, watching him over my screen. He continued reading as if he hadn't said anything.
We stepped put of the black car, smiles on our faces, and new tattoos. "Thanks for going with me." Sherlock said quietly, rubbing the back of his neck.
"Hey, Sherlock. I found all of this wedding stuff on your table. You're solving a case. I have nothing to do... do you mind if I..." she trailed off.
There were the autopsy reports which we didn't need to look at. There were also interviews with people who last saw them. John sighed and got up to start making coffee. "Do you want some?" he asked. I hummed in response and stared down at the papers. There was nothing here. I groaned before silently sneaking up behind John and wrapping my arms around his waist.
"What happened?"
Lestrade was right, it was sloppy. I had a feeling that she meant it to be but I couldn't figure out the motive behind why.  I frowned in confusion as I thought this over. "Are you okay?" a voice asked causing me to jump.
"Yeah. Last night we went to the morgue and grabbed a locket because it wasn't there at the crime scene." I gestured him over to the microscope and quickly adjusted it so that he could see the inscription better. "I studied this, this morning and I found this." I said, stepping aside and letting him look at the locket.
"They're wet." Sherlock stated.
"Follow that police cruiser." I said and the Cabbie nodded. The ride was silent for a bit until John laughed, shaking his head. "What?"
"Well that was... different." Lestrade mumbled.
"I'll be put in a moment." He shouted. I groaned and fell onto the bed.
"It's not your fault. These things happen you know. You just need to learn to live and move on." I mumbled.
John meant everything to me and I couldn't bear the thought of losing him. I grabbed his hand and leaned down, kissing his knuckles. He was so beautiful. I brushed some hair out of his eyes and smiled slightly. It may have taken me forever to realize that I loved him but and I realized that I couldn't be happier. I would do anything for him, and in a way, I already did.
"Thanks." I sat there uncomfortably for a moment.
"No... we need to plan."
"I don't like how close this case is to you. You almost died and I don't think I could handle that so... I thought we'd go on vacation. Have some fun. You'll be safe too."
"I can tell. Come on. Let's get going or we will never get to canoe."
"Who was she?" he asked.
"So then you know what how he can be sometimes." I said.
"Hello Mrs. Hudson. I would love to catch up but right now, John needs to get inside before he freezes to death." I said squeezing past her and dragging John with me upstairs. It was great to be back.
"I didn't expect you'd have a guest." he mumbled, eyeing Lestrade quickly. Lestrade didn't seem to notice but it was noticed by John. "You probably wouldn't like Sherlock's violin playing at 2:30 in the morning."
"You husband is in a very bad state right now. The bullet narrowly missed any major arteries but he should be fine. He's awake right now if you want to visit but he does need his rest." I thanked her and quickly walked to his room.
"Are you seriously saying you don't...." John started.
Making our way around the people that always seemed to be milling about the hospital, proved to be extremely difficult. We did manage to make our way through the crowd and down to the mortuary though.
"There's one more race in this set. Then Greg can play."
"I don't care why you did it John. I trusted you with every fiber of my being. I wanted to believe you actually cared because I love you but you were lying all this time. You don't care about me or my emotions. You probably find them disturbing. Maybe I'll just go back to being a Sociopath. Shut myself off to everyone. At least that way, you won't have a look of disgust on your face everytime you look at me."
I moved over to examine the male. The hand marks were darker red, bruised just a bit. The cuts were thin so not too much blood loss and he was also wet. So he was also dumped in the water after being killed. He was cut while he was alive but he was choked first and died because of it.
After making sure I was okay, Sherlock went back to the microscope and began studying the locket. He mumbled something and my head shot up. I'm not sure I heard that correctly. "What did you say?" I asked.
"Okay then... Mr. Holmes you can leave when you're ready." She said before scurrying out. I jumped out of bed excitedly.
I made some noise so it didn't sound as though I was listening in on his conversation moments ago. I stilled when he started speaking again. "John and I aren't safe  right now. We won't spend all of your money... just a few thousand dollars.... I promise... goodbye brother." He huffed, hanging up.
"Because you are adorable." I said.
"I'm here John. I'm right here." I whispered, slowly sitting back down and grabbing his hand again. "The doctor said that everything was going to be fine." I slowly started drifting back to sleep with that thought on my mind, a small smile on my face.
"It's alright man." he said.
"John! Come here!" Sherlock yelled and sighing, I made my way over to him. "What do you notice?" he asked.
"I hope it rains." he said and I looked up at the sky to find that it indeed was cloudy. Once we arrived I threw some money at the taxi driver, thanking him as I quickly followed Sherlock, struggling to keep up with his long strides.
"I love you Sherlock Holmes and I hate that it took me so long to realize it. I wish I could tell you in person but I'm stuck talking to your grave." I chuckled. "It's quite funny actually but... I want to ask you... well now this sounds so much stupider out loud than in my head... Will you be my husband Sherlock Holmes?" I asked chuckling as tears continued to slide down my face.
"What exactly do you mean by that?" he asked and I realized that Mycroft has never actually been rude to him.
"No you wouldn't would you." I mumbled. I hadn't realized I was staring at him until she cleared her throat. I blushed and gave her some cash.
"John you're such a tease." He whined.
"It's Greg."
"Do you remember when we first met?"
Sherlock came in and hugged me tightly. "I'm so sorry, John." he whispered as I cried into his shirt, soaking it.
"Not hungry."
"Better now. I should be out of here soon. Thank goodness for that." Lestrade nodded, smiling.
Sherlock wasn't kidding when he said it was too g to be hot either. The monitor above the rearview mirror said that it was 110 degrees outside. No wonder we needed shorts.
"We'll probably play some games." John suggested.
Once I entered and found Sherlock's grave, all of the cold I felt was gone and nothing was left but despair. I fell to my knees before his grave and a wretched sob escaped my lips. I pressed my head to the headstone and tears streaked down my face.
"Yeah. Is something wrong with that? We could always go somewhere else." He said quickly.
"I tried to move on without you. I have ended up in the hospital a few times. I couldn't find it in me to move on no matter how hard I tried."
Tears slid down my face as I cried and sank to the floor, my hands gripping my hair. I couldn't take it. I tried so hard to keep him alive but it was all in vain. I just lost the person I loved the most. I tried to hold back my sobs but I couldn't. Sobs wracked my body and I rocked back and forth, forehead on my knees. Lestrade wrapped a comforting around me, whispering things to get me to calm down but I couldn't hear him.
"I used the rest the other day. Sorry about that." He said, rubbing his neck again.
I grabbed my jacket and scarf and quickly followed him outside. "What are we doing?" I asked.
"I'm sorry." she whispered. I stepped back, tears falling from my eyes. No it can't be. I pushed her out of the way and quickly made my way to his hospital room. The doctor who kicked me out, was slowly shutting the door. He looked up at me with a sad expression.
"Oh my goodness. You always said you hated the otter and hedgehog thing. You claim it makes no sense because we are people not animals."
"Sure."
After messing around for a while we relaxed in the canoe, smiling. Someone drove by on a boat, music blaring. I was about to yell at them to turn it down but Sherlock started singing.
I turned to John. "You're having a Christmas dinner?"
They let me out of the hospital that day. I ignored the questions Mycroft and Lestrade kept asking. Lestrade put reasurring arm on my shoulder. I shook it off. "JUST LEAVE ME ALONE!" I snapped at him. He pulled his hand back slightly scared. "I'm sorry." I whispered. I climbed into the cab before realizing... I didn't know where to go. I could go to the flat but Sherlock wouldn't want me there.
I stared at him in amazement. "What?" he asked self-consciously.
"I'm sorry."
"Sherlock... your food.
"What?" He asked shocked.
My eyes flickered to the bottom of my screen and I groaned. Only 200 words. I am never at such a loss when it comes to writing my blog.
"Shut up John." He chuckled.
I grabbed my phone and sent Mycroft a quick message. 'Don't let Sherlock leave the flat. Please.' Then I left. I knew that Mycroft would do it even though I don't know why he would. I quietly opened the door and left the flat, walking to the Cafe where we first met.
"Cold-hearted? You must be mistaken. Anyway, I chose his place because he was right. I don't think I could handle Sherlock playing his violin at 2 in the morning." he said and I chuckled.
"I have to ask... How did you do it?" Lestrade asked.
"The person who showed up yesterday."
When he finally did open them he looked shocked. "You're not real. You're not real. You're dead and just one of my many illusions. I'm just seeing what I want to see but I you're gone."
"I'm not even going to ask how you figured that out." I turned to John and wrapped him in another hug. "I'm so sorry John."
I waved down a taxi and crawled in with Sherlock next to me. "What did he say?"
"Of course we've met before. A few times actually." Lestrade said.
"Right. Mycroft told me that you found something."
I closed my eyes, sighing. Why would he leave so late? It's not like he something to do. Then I remembered the letter he found at St. Bart's yesterday. Oh no, why would he go? I goraned as I grabbed my phone and dialed Mycroft.
There was no screaming today. No 'how dare you's' and no 'Why's.' I found myself stalking closer to hear what he had to say. Today was different and I was going to make it a good day. I noticed he had something in his pocket and I stalked even closer so I could figure out what it was. John never brought anything, aside from flowers.
"Mario Kart."
I made my way over to the chair and sat down, not daring to hope that he was fine. I didn't want to get my hopes up but I couldn't help it. I stared at him curiously, grabbing his hand. Frowning when I did so. It was still cold. I looked down and sighed, I knew I shouldn't get my hopes up. I took another shaky breath, holding back the tears. Then something twitched against my hand.
"Giant balloon thing?" I asked trying to hold in a laugh.
"What do you want to do now?"
Stab wound to the abdomen, though very fine. So he was stabbed but it couldn't have been suicide otherwise there would have been a weapon. Person was here before he died he let them in but he wouldn't have allowed them to stay if he was taking a shower. So the person would have left and because of the lack of break-ins we can safely assume that the person who was here didn't murder them but that makes no sense.
"Why insane?" I couldn't fiure out why he decided to use insane instead of clever or observant.
"Hey Lestrade. What's going on?" John asked.
"You are such a Prat sometimes." I whispered standing on my tiptoes.
"Because you just figured everything out and you've only seen like five minutes."
I spent two years, trying to get rid of the network for fear of losing the man I loved but it seemed that I had already lost him. He tried to kill himself, multiple times and it was my fault. Now he was here in a hospital bed because of me, because he couldn't let go. He couldn't move on. A tear ran down my cheek and I wiped at it furiously, chuckling. God, this man changed me so much. "Why did you have to go?" I asked sadly.
"No. I got it." He turned to Lestrade. "M is Mary Morstan. She was my girlfriend for a short period of time." I turned to him wide eyed. He didn't tell me that. "Sorry I didn't tell you. Anyways I ran into her one day at the coffee shop and we tried dating for a while but I couldn't get over Sherlock. I loved him and it hurt too much. Eventually she decided she couldn't take it anymore and asked me to choose between her and Sherlock. I chose Sherlock. She was pissed and she kicked me out. So that's what it means on the locket."
His breathing picked up and he was whispering something. I couldn't tell what it was tough. I strained to hear him. "Sherlock..." he whispered. God I loved this man so much. He was unconscious and yet he still called out to me. He was a mystery that I don't think I'll ever get to the bottom of but that didn't frighten me. I stood up, leaning over and kissed his forehead.
"Please just stay here Mycroft. Call us if there are any changes. You shouldn't have to be here too long." Lestrade begged and Mycroft's eyes softened.
I smiled as I watched Sherlock sing, a large smile plastered on his face. After the song finished he turned towards me. "What?"
I blushed a bit and looked around, hoping no one saw us but no one was around. I wasn't embarrassed of John and I being a couple... I just had no idea how Americans would react to us being together.
"What dinner party Molly?"
"I'm here. Omg." I fumbled for the button next to his bed and smiled widely as the nurses rushed in.
A loud noise woke me from my slumber and I sat upright, quickly, looking around in horror. I was on alert before I realized what the noise really was. "No..." I whispered hoarsely, not believing what I was here. Trying to make myself believe I was dreaming. "This can't be... you're supposed to be okay." I whispered, heart stopping as a bunch of doctors rushed into the room.
I stood stock still, staring at the scene before me. A man holding a knocked out Mycroft at gunpoint. He was tied to the chiar, phone broken to pieces on the floor and the camera's in the room shattered to pieces on the floor.
I sat shocked. Nothing was making any sense. My vision blurring with tears I refused to shed in front of all of these random people. "What is he still doing here? Get him out!" a doctor yelled but no one moved toward me. He sighed, walking towards me quickly. "Sorry sir, you can't be here." he said sympathetically as a pair of hands gripped my shoulders and quickly ushered me out of the room and into the hallway. My back hit the wall as I tried to steady my breathing.
"We've got to help him get the ultimate!" Mike frowned.
John really couldn't keep his eyes open for very long, the lids had grown steadily heavier as they swelled up into purple lumps protruding from his face. The beating had not stopped, just moved from face to chest. With the difficulty he was having breathing John could only hope that a cracked rib or two were the worst of his problems. At least it's not the nail bat again he scoffed to himself. Sebastian was panting, his knuckles torn and bleeding, or just covered in John's blood. He couldn't really tell. Either way Sebastian was tired now, and his hands were sore. He picked up a small blade and twirled it almost gently between his thumb and forefinger, looking at his watch and grinning. "Your genius isn't as clever as you seem to believe he is Johnny boy" Sebastian crooned at him. John couldn't answer, he didn't even hear what Sebastian had said. Every few seconds he would drift out of consciousness. It was pretty pleasant actually, a brief respite from the pulsing agony that was his body.
"Cordelia." Cordelia laughed, a high pitched nasal sound that grated on your ears and made Sherlock want very much to harpoon her. "And who's the dishy date then?" she whirled to look John up and down. "How much are you paying him because I would double it for a night with the toy soldier here." She simpered, batting her oversized lashes and sticking out her chest. John's visible recoil and growing fury were the only reason Sherlock had yet to say anything to that. Maybe he was looking around the room, trying to see who else thought that he'd ever stoop to hiring an escort. A number that shouldn't have surprised him, did.
A boy (16 years old, single mother, former addict, three young siblings, lives in the outskirts of London, forced to participate in religious activities by counsellor), entering the church, his shoulders quaking slightly with fear. Ah. He had been right then. He wished a little bit that he had been wrong. Now they had to wait for the real man they were looking for. And Sherlock had a great idea about how to get him to show himself to them. "My phone John" he said, palm outstretched. John smiled lightly and reached into his coat pockets for the phone. Sherlock sent a quick text to Lestrade who replied almost instantly. 10 minutes before the police would arrive. Sherlock got to his feet and pulled John up with him. In the corner of his eye he spotted a severe looking man in religious garb, only about 47, an outlier in the bell curve of the age of people in religious orders.
While the Moran case was interesting by it's own merit, they knew the culprit and his main motives. All they could really do was wait to see where they could catch him and then do that. Not exactly worth missing quality John time over. Sherlock almost recoiled at the thought, he sounded awfully dependant. John wouldn't mind. Back at Baker street he took the steps two at a time, long legs barely whispering against the steps in his attempt to preserve the silence.
"Molly?"Molly opened her mouth and closed it again like a fish, the pieces slowly clicking together in her head. She could see it now, the way Sherlock looked at John. It was the same way she looked at him sometimes. And while personally she didn't want to say for hope that one day Sherlock would feel for her, she knew that it would be a crime to keep them apart. "You'd have nothing to worry about Sherlock. John feels the same way, trust me." Sherlock stared at her, reading her every minute movement. She wasn't lying. Interesting. Very interesting. Well now that he knew... Maybe he could see exactly how far he had to push to get John to admit it. Of course he could always just ruin it all by blurting out his thoughts. Which is exactly what he ended up doing.
John gave Sherlock a quick glance from the safety of the reflection in the mirror. It wasn't often that the two of them had a case that would require actually doing a social activity. Especially not one where dressing up was not only advised, but a necessity. When he first heard that they would be in costume he was fine. No big deal, just your average Halloween party, apart from the whole murderer bit.
Sherlock was speechless when he saw the soft blue that John had hidden beneath his shapeless khaki coat. Not that John knew that of course, how could he know that he was all that Sherlock could think about, all because of that one shirt. Similarly Sherlock could not know that John's mind was frazzled from the amount of times he'd seen the detective in his purple silk shirt, the one he was wearing now, or when he was wrapped only in a sheet, pale shoulders just creeping out over the top, or when he whirled about like a madman in his dressing gown and pyjamas, curly hair rumpled from sleep or lack of it. Nope. John, ever the soldier, ploughed ahead with his reprimand about sneaking up on a ptsd sufferer, not really paying attention to a word that passed his lips. Neither was Sherlock so it didn't matter anyway. John sighed "Well come on then" and he opened the door for Sherlock who paused only to lift his coat from the hook by the door.
"He was possessed I suppose, by some belief in humanity. He assumed that this was the right thing to do. After all it would mean little, they had already crossed the threshold, this was a non issue. He wanted Sebastian to be... more" Greg was almost positive now. He found himself feeling rage boiling up in his stomach. He tried to lay still but Mycroft knew. "Try not to be so evident around Sherlock, he'll see right through you. That day I just happened to be nearby..."
"John. What I said before. I meant it. I don't have friends I-" Sherlock called to him but John cut across before he could finish. "I don't need to be told again, contrary to your opinion I can actually remember some information." Sherlock growled and yelled across the grass at him, looking a little bit hurt and more than a little scared "Just give me five minutes ok? That's all I ask and then you can go on your merry way and never speak to me again" saying that felt worse than any pain he'd experienced "if you want but just a moment is all I'm asking."John scowled but stood rooted to the spot and waited. " Thank you. As I was saying, I don't have friends, I only-" and John had twisted on his heel and started off again.
"Well then, Sherlock, I should make my intentions clear. You are much too handsome to adorn my walls, but I would quite like you between my sheets, that is, if you're not too busy?" John's breath warmed his neck, lips just barely brushing the skin exposed by his collar. The case could wait a few hours, he already had a second suspect in mind, and the manner in which John Watson had ensnared him was worth further study. Between his sheets indeed.
Trust his brother to get himself into mischief on the day of his child's birth (contingency plan D: early labour coming into play. Unexpected.) and end up entirely uncontactable, and in the back of some criminal's van. Married life had changed very little about Sherlock and John, that much had become increasingly clear over the past few months. "Yes, as soon as we have a pin on them, send whatever we have that's fastest. Gregory will be on hand to provide a gentle amount of police escorting, but one can never be too careful when it comes to childbirth." Mycroft ordered, affecting nonchalance while Lucia smiled brightly at his side. It wouldn't do for his other employees to see in, but Lucia knew how to read him, and his excitement was palpable to her.
Of all things John hated the most, it was being caught off guard. This was no surprise, seeing as he had spent most his adult life sweeping for unseen enemy and praying hard appropriate cover was nearby for he and his team if they were to be ambushed by gunfire, or worse, an aerial bombing.
John was, he was certain, exhausted. Three cases back to back, barely four meals over the past two and half weeks, next to no sleep, he was genuinely astounded that he was still able to stand let alone apprehend criminals. Sherlock of course showed no signs of even being ruffled, and he'd only been eating what John had time to put in his hands. John was growing a beard at this stage, and as soon as the third case wrapped, he made a decision.
"A woman did this?!" Holmes shook his head with a half smile.
"Sherlock! We'd better get going, was it not you who complained about being bored?" John was waiting in the kitchen, trying to think what Sherlock would possibly be wearing a that took so long to put on when Sherlock strode in. Wearing jodphurs, cowboy boots and hat and nothing else. His entire upper body was on display. "Sherlock... You look..." John struggled to find the words to say exactly his magnificent he looked. He looked away, knowing full well that Sherlock would detect every indecent thought he was having about tearing off those leather trousers and taking him right there, because that would make Sherlock uncomfortable and he didn't want that. He'd come to terms with the fact that his flatmate was unreachable. His lower half was having none of that.
easy for John and Sherlock to get their happy ending ;) Meanwhile drop us a comment to let us know how we're doing, it'll help very much!
"Me too."
Of course in one way, Sherlock's apparent lack of memory meant John could make a new first impression, could rectify the mistakes he had made the first time, but he wasn't about that. Mistakes made were part of living and he was desperately trying to keep doing that. It would be taking advantage of Sherlock in the worst way and he would never do that, which left him with a dilemma:
Mycroft had a courier deliver the rest of John's belongings to the flat with a short note welcoming him back to the battlefield. Sherlock examined each of the feet in the fridge and dribbled an unidentified liquid over the pig's head. John squished a few bits and pieces of his onto shelves and into cupboards. Sherlock drank the tea John made and snorted at the reappearance of the RAMC mug. John moved his suitcases to the foot of the stairs. Sherlock lay on the couch and reorganized his mind palace for a while. They swept about the flat in harmonious parallels, and if Sherlock noticed he made sure John was in his eyeline at all times well he wasn't going to read too much into that, and if John realised he kept shooting glances the detective's way well that was just a regular thing he'd always done. The evening wore on and rolled into night, and soon John was yawning and Sherlock was actually exhausted and they parted ways to go to sleep.
It was a cottage built from sandstone with a few darker bricks around the windows and door frame, and powder blue wooden features like the shutters and door. A rose trellis climbed the door frame, reaching upwards from the plant life that adorned the ground in beds all across the front of the cottage. The limestone curled down into three paths that led away from the property itself and into the wild landscape around it. The first circled gently around a massive oak tree that dominated the drive way and then trickled down across a grassy field and into a small vegetable garden and orchard where it reconnected with the secind path that seemed to bring you directly out into the middle of an explosive field of wild flowers and led around the back of the property, in the opposite direction to the third path. What wonders that side of the cottage held John couldn't guess, he could only gape open mouthed at the beauty of what he could see.
The next day, sitting writing a backlog of reports up in Lestrade's office on pain of having his scarf burned as John shoved him out the door (an empty threat but still) Sherlock could feel the tension in the room behind him rise quite suddenly, making the air thick and heavy, and he felt eyes shooting back to look at him. Ready for whatever sort of verbal barbs would be thrown at him he strode out into the office proper and over to the gang of officers gathered around Sally's desk. Pushing his way to the front, it was impossible to ignore the giggles and whispers that were directed towards him. He made it to the front of the crowd and very quickly understood all the giggles and blushed faces. In her hands, Donovan held a seven year old Men of the armed forces calendar, open for all to see at June. And, photographed with the heading "Mr June' was John. His eyes widened as he took in the full image, showing a youthful, golden John leaning across the bonnet of a humvee truck in only two items: his dogtags and a pair of skin tight camouflage underpants, surrounded by a thin backdrop of white sand, his body and the car the only colour breaking through. Sherlock nearly choked on his tongue when he focused on any one part, the cerulean pop of his eyes and casual smirk looked as if John was staring at you through the pages, his torso was a dream of washboard abs, and his single bent leg splayed open for emphasis of the crowning glory of the entire thing, the camouflage outline of an impressive cock that appeared to not even have reached it's full length. "Christ." he exhaled and for once Donovan had nothing to say, she simply nodded in agreement and stared at the photo in her arms.
John sighed and inwardly wondered if God truly hated him because only a sick minded bastard would do this, dangle Sherlock in front of him, but it wouldn't be real. None of what they did would be real, no matter how much he wished it was. He was fucked. "Okay. Right. Fine. Well then um. When are we...?" John was blushing too, great planes of crimson mapping his face. Sherlock gulped and thought about it for a few seconds "I guess tonight, we'll have to get a camera." John stayed put, eyes locked on the horizon. "Right. Will I go or do you want to?" Sherlock simply stood up and walked out, trying and failing not to think that in a few short hours he would finally be getting John, but that it was all fake.
Sherlock tried very hard to rein in the fear that was welling up in his gut, spreading and flowing through his body like a river. "Is there anyone that would have a vendetta against your company, or you personally?" John was about to say no, Sherlock was praying he'd say no. He didn't know why, he knew there was no God, no higher power. In those moments of uncertainty, and the feeling that the floor was about to collapse beneath him, he prayed that John would say no. But he didn't. In his head he saw the scarred face of the man who'd had to shake his hand, the malice that had lingered in his eyes as he strode out into the blistering heat and never returned. John's eyes, an electric blue rose and met Sherlock's, and all he could read was skewed by the uncertainty and guilt he saw, prevalent even through the plethora emotions that presented themselves in John's eyes. John cleared his throat."There's only one man. Sebastian Moran."
“I don't want to lecture you any more than you want to hear my lecture, but seriously Sherlock. I'm sticking my neck out for you around here and drugs, of any sort, really jeopardizes this position for us both.”
The next morning, standing by some new police tape, Sally waited for the inevitable arrival of Sherlock and John. As much as she disliked the man, she was not going to begrudge him his happiness by ruining his surprise. The only way to avoid that was to separate him from John and return the box quickly. After thoroughly explaining this plan to Jim, she waited in her usual spot for them to arrive. The cab pulled up and out swept Sherlock as dramatically as ever with John hot on his tails. Sally never thought that she would be thankful for a double homicide but it was exactly what she needed to make this work. While Sherlock swooped over the body in the bedroom, Anderson led John down to the kitchen to examine that one. As soon as they were gone she strode up to Sherlock. "Congratulations... I think..." She said holding out her palm with the box sitting on it. Relief washed across Sherlock's face. "It was gone when I went back for it yesterday. Thought someone had stolen it but apparently not." Sally listened carefully for any footsteps but heard none "I'd put it away now fr-Sherlock, don't want to ruin the whole surprise" His brow furrowed when she corrected herself, and he cracked a small smirk. "Almost did that myself, asked him to get my phone out of my pocket without thinking and very nearly panicked, but it was fine because it was gone. Then I had to panic for a different reason." He chuckled and Sally giggled too, pondering how they usually acted so caustic towards each other and trying to remember why it had become that way. His deductions were harsh yes, and quite rude, but they were truthful and in this moment of camaraderie between them Sally Donovan resolved to repair, to some extent the relationship she'd never had with Sherlock Holmes. "Good luck anyway, I've a feeling he'll be very happy with you." She smiled widely at him and he looked quite taken aback. "Thank you Sally, I do hope he will."
"What am I going to do without you?" John asked, his voice cracking. "We were supposed to have so much more time! I don't... Christ I miss you already Sherlock and you're right next to me." Sherlock swallowed the lump in his throat and said nothing, but his long hand reached out and fell on top of John's. The message was clear- I'm still here."Sherlock..." Some movement then and Sherlock's eyes could pick out the pinpricks of light in John's as he turned to face him. "Why are we here?" He was thankful John had, for once, asked the right question.
It had been weeks since he'd heard from Mycroft at all, Lucia was his only point of contact to his world at the moment, and not for lack of trying. He texted the man every single day, saying good morning, how Sherlock was doing, and sometimes (when he was feeling particularly needy) that he missed him. He'd gotten no response. At all. Sighing wearily and pulling on a towel on the way to the kitchen he checked his phone again, mentally berating himself for how deeply he had let this man affect him. Chances were that he knew how Greg felt about him already- he was related to Sherlock after all - and skipped town, laying low in Vienna or more likely somewhere different entirely. Two messages. The first from Lucia, but he left that for last because who knew what it would say? John's message was from this morning, only an hour ago. 'Greg, sorry that we ran out on you but my sister is in hospital at the moment and... I'll explain it all later because it's insane. No need to worry, your secret is safe with me by the way. It'll all work out -J' Greg smiled briefly, trust John to try reassure him even when he's sitting in hospital with his sister. Recoiling from the array of fingers and whatever that squishy pink stuff was in the fridge he popped two slices of bread into the toaster and sat down softly before reading Lucia's message. 'I was unaware that had not been responding to you but rest assured we will be having a very frank conversation. If you still feel the same way about him when we return in two weeks know that I will not have said a word. I may just have to slap him if he messes this up with you Greg. Will report back later, give Sherlock and John my best -L' Smiling at the kindness of the woman he'd come to be great friends with, Greg sat back and munched his toast plain. Whatever was going to happen between him and Mycroft, at least he'd be put out of his misery soon.
Sherlock kept quiet as the doctor cleaned the wound site and prepared to apply the fresh bandage. He took a moment to ponder over John's words.
For quite some time he had attempted to rein these feeling in, after all, they were completely unlawful. However, as the months morphed into years and nothing had changed, or rather, the depth of his feeling had only grown exponentially, he had realised that self-flagellation was not only ineffective, but worthless.
Sherlock tossed his phone aside and began planning his attack. The pleasant thing was that at least he would not be forced to employ his acting skill this time, he did have feelings for John, past the accepted line of platonic friendship for certain. Past almost any line he had ever set for himself actually. What he really needed was a solid plan to bring the sparks that were so evidently present between them to fruition. Before Mycroft did. He had a knack for that, generally pulling rather important people from his life. Not that he was complaining, some of them had been rather unpleasant to him so when they 'dated' (A strong word for what he deduced they were 'doing') Mycroft they were soon out of his life and far away, which was perfect. "Stupid bloody brother and his stupid bloo-" John shuffled in, laden down with tea and gave Sherlock an odd look. "Are you alright?" he asked tentatively, handing a mug across. Sherlock scowled. "Of course I'm alright. Why did you accept the shoes?" John gave Sherlock and incredulous look and rubbed his temples "I needed shoes to wear, as much as I love the whole vagrant style, I am a fan of warm feet and having footwear in general. Especially when it's raining. Why does it matter? It's just shoes. Besides, I thought you liked it when we spent Mycroft's money." Sherlock scoffed. "Mycroft had a pair of shoes ready, in precisely your size, that were just so convenient. Think John! What must it be like in your mind? So empty! Come on John, you know that there's a reason. Deduce it." John took a sip of his tea and shook his head. "Sherlock we both know that my skills of deduction are next to nothing, so if you're going to explain yourself please do, but I don't know what you're looking for from me exactly." John frowned and raised a brow, waiting for an answer. "He's attempting to… seduce you" Sherlock spat with a scowl. John was silent. "Um. Right… not exactly what I was expecting… at all… eh… but it was just… shoes! I don't… Mycroft?!…" John babbled on, a dusting of cerise glowing across his cheeks. Sherlock's eyes widened. "Oh dear God tell me you don't want Mycroft!" John sputtered "NO! Jesus no, it'sMycroft for pete's sake but it just makes you think…" Sherlock smirked "That's a first" and John punched him lightly on the arm. "Alright you twat no need to be so annoying. What I was trying to say was that I thought the Holmes brothers didn't do relationships, affection, seduction without the motive of a case or for Mycroft I would have thought a political coup." Sherlock ran a hand through his curls and shook his head "We're Holmes' we can go after whatever and whomever we please, just generally we don't find anyone who is worth the effort, or more likely, going to return the sentiment without some form of deception. I personally have never been a party to sentiment but I could be, if I found someone who fit my criteria." John smiled "Ah yes, Caring is not an advantage. I would say your criteria are a bit impossible to meet, after all you're… you." Rolling his eyes Sherlock flopped back onto the couch. "Eloquent as always John. I am indeed, me. What an observation. It is not impossible to meet my criteria, just difficult. Unlikely even. It has only happened once in my life."
That brief conversation only returned to Sherlock after John opened the door to reveal Lestrade and Mycroft to his dismay.
It'd just been the four of them - the brides to be, himself and Mycroft, but Greg could honestly not remember being to a better bachelor party. Maybe it was because he'd been in charge, but he doubted if anyone out had had a better night than them. The morning however... at least he'd been a good boy and had a pint of water before crashing into bed last night, avoiding the worst of the hangover. Plus, the pictures on his phone were a great way to start the day, mainly because apart from a few 'selfies' (a word his niece had taught him the last time they'd spoken on the phone) he wasn't in any of them.
“I realised I’d left something important behind.” He had, God he had. The most important thing in his life.
Carefully stacked away were lists of "Things I know but will never say" and Not-Him had gone through them, probably all, which meant that aside from knowing that at one stage Mycroft had wondered what it would be like if they'd seen each other naked, and that Molly had once told him that his face was one she often thought of during sex while he'd drugged her (for science!), or that Lestrade had, back in his youth, been a male stripper. No, worse than all of that combined, Not-Sherlock knew that John harboured a deep affection for Sherlock, and was going to do something about that. Probably (statistically speaking) something horrifically unpleasant and potentially friendship destroying. Definitely he'd ruin any hopes that Sherlock had for John to show his cards and allow them to enter an intimate relationship, and finally be together properly. The eels slithered to make their displeasure known and Sherlock carried on past that, waiting to see what Not-Him had done.
“Sherlock, where are you? I don't…” But then he did. Just before the corridor split off into two others, a door creaked faintly and John focused on it, spotting the strip of dark navy fabric swinging just inside. He wasn't going to let this slip away again. Not when he was finally sure that there was something there.
Every surface was covered in flowers, boxes and envelopes to the point where John was pretty sure there were more of them than there was actual furnishings.
"And your people are
of a brother that you're ill is like... I can't even think of an analogy for that, and I have an analogy for will vouch for me, that's how insane it is." Clara smirked apologetically and turned her appraisal on to Sherlock for the first time, looking him up and down carefully, scrutinizing every feature. Sherlock held his breath and waited for the inevitable judgement of freak to be expelled from her lips, but it never did. "I can see why you like him John. He's got great taste, and you know what I say about men with great taste" she wiggled her eyebrows at John as Sherlock just stared at her. John blushed deep red and nodded, a small grin on his face "Funnily enough Clar, I don't think anyone can see why I like him, let alone love him, but that's the beauty of it: you don't have to." John stared up at Sherlock, admiration glimmering in his eyes and Sherlock could not help but think of sunlight hitting the lake back at Mycroft's when he looked into them.
But as Sherlock lay in the bed of his childhood he mulled it over. What should have been such a simple question: Are you alright, was not quite so clear cut as it had once been.
A/N: Teenlock Dance AU written by someone who's never danced a day in their life.
Sherlock’s voice cracked, his name an almost sob, and John couldn’t stop his hands from reaching out to soothe, one tracing the line of his cheek and the other drifting through his curls.
Amongst the faces he could pick out many he recognised, there to the left was Angelo, and a bit further up Sally Donovan and Henry Knight, Aunt Lyssa and her new beau, Sarah Sawyer, Mick, Linda, Dave and James, firefighters and medics who the residents of Baker street fondly referred to as their personal emergency response team. Closer to the front (he hoped it was the front because he was paying very little attention to actually walking, Mummy's arm through his was steering.) was Aurora and Ford and the kids, and Molly and Lucia and Mycroft and Grandmere, There seated happily was Edgar himself and his family, Sherlock's other family as they called themselves. Then there was a gap and only carpet and trees and grass and Sherlock finally put eyes front and nearly ran to the end of the aisle. There was John, standing beaming at him.. in his dress uniform, beret and all. "Oh you didn't." he muttered sotto voce. "Oh I did. Think of it as a little wedding gift." Orabelle smirked and Sherlock blushed.
Mycroft sat with his head held in his hands at his desk. He couldn't say how long he'd been sat like that, after the initial burst of activity, identifying the body ("Who else could it possibly be?" he spat acidly at the bumbling pathologist Molly Hooper) and making arrangements for the funeral he had just collapsed into the chair and not gotten up. It was his fault of course, he'd fed Jim all of that information, hadn't managed to keep tabs on the man when he was released, not protected Sherlock at all. In fact if anything he was an accomplice in his death. That was a bitter pill to swallow. He'd spent his entire life looking out for Sherlock, from the time the younger boy could crawl he'd watched out for him, and yes, sometimes he failed, but never as grievously as he had this time. God he could still see a pudgy little three year old, sprinting in the endearing manner only children can, into his room from the garden with a stuffed parrot clasped in his little hands and a grin that would melt even the coldest of hearts on his face as he threw himself into Mycroft's arms squealing his gratitude for the treasure hunt he'd devised to keep the boy occupied. And he'd betrayed him, so flippantly, into the hands of a known psychopath and criminal mastermind. Way to go Mycroft, splendid job you did too he thought bitterly. Mummy was distraught, she had been since the whole debacle had started with the trial going south at the Old Bailey, yet another oversight on his part. Now the entire world believed that Sherlock had been a fraud, a manipulative liar who tried to lord his fake genius over everyone else and had gotten the comeupance he deserved. Well, all but a few. John, Mrs Hudson and the Hooper girl. He had... Hoped for better from Gregory Lestrade but he could not fault the man for being between two minds about it. In the mans own words "I know he was a genius, but why didn't he disprove all the damned evidence against himself then?"
She flushed even deeper and stood up, grabbing her bag and fuming she turned to leave. "John I hope you know what you're doing because this tosser is the single biggest arsehole I've ever spoken to in my life. He's not good enough for you and I hope you'll come to your senses and hightail it before it's too late. It was nice to see you again Johnny." and with that she swept out, leaving her utterly mortified brother in her wake. He sighed and rubbed a weary hand across his face. "Well that went better than expected." Sherlock's eyebrows were in his hairline at that "that was better than expected? Were you expecting a homicide?" John smirked and then shrugged "I expected you to blurt out your deductions right off the bat and her to storm off before sitting down, most likely parting with a slap to your face. So yes, better. Thank you, anyway, for trying. She's more difficult than you mostly and it means a lot that you made the effort for me even though I amn't particularly fond of her either. She's the only family I have left though... Only seemed right having her meet you before you officially become the only true family I have eh?" he smiled happily up at Sherlock who grinned back and locked their lips together. "She did have one thing of merit to offer" he murmured in breaths between kisses. "Mmmm? And what would that be?" John enquired lightly. "Leather trousers are a fantastic idea" John groaned and Sherlock simply smirked.
"Go ahead. I hope you can get more done than we will be able to." I muttered. She thanked me and I walked back over to John. "Sorry. I hope you don't mind, we are going to be very busy with Mary and her murder spree so I let Mrs. Hudson plan."
"Can I ask you a question? It might be odd but..." I  asked nervously.
"Of course. How could I forget?"
It felt like hours before the plane finally took off but it was a relief when it finally did. I hated airports.
"Shhh. It's okay John. It's me. Calm down. I'm not trying to hurt you." I whispered and he suddenly froze after he recognized my voice. He slowly turned towards me, eyes closed, and I realized... he thought he was dreaming.
The cold air bit at my nose and I coughed as I came to a halt, staring up at the creaky building in front of me. The windows were smashed and there was mold on the walls. Graffiti decorated the place and it was rather dark. Shivering, I checked around me once more to make sure I wasn't being followed before heading in through the door.
Home could have been in the middle of the ocean on a tiny island but it wouldn't matter as long as John was with me. I bent my head low as we left the graveyard because no one knew I was alive yet.
Sherlock studied me for a moment. He looked both upset and really happy at the same time. I chuckled. "What?"
"Help. I need help now." I yelled at the top of my lungs. My eyes had filled with tears but I refused to cry in front of these people right now. "It's okay John. Everything is going to be okay." I whispered, smiling sadly. I leaned down and kissed his forehead. He smiled but it soon fell as his eyes fluttered closed.
"No. It's not Harry but you do know who it is." I said. He frowned in confusion and pushed past me. I closed my eyes and sighed as I waited to see his reaction. "I'm so sorry. John." I whispered. My phone rang and I picked up, walking away from John, giving him a moment with his dead therapist.
I slowly walked up, dreading what would happen once I reached the top. The flat was silent. He must have gone to bed. I walked up to my room and packed a bag. I did it as slowly as I possibly could. As I started walking down the stairs, a feeling of dread settled over me. I'm not entirely sure why, but I opened Sherlock's bedroom door.
"I know that but what if it didn't? You and I both know what I would do if you were truly dead."
I got a photo album full of photos with the four of us from Lestrade. "I'm sorry. It's not the same now but I hope you like it anyway." I nodded and thanked him. I got two tickets to Italy from Molly and I knew it was for the two of us. I also got a new clarinet from Mrs. Hudson.
A plate of eggs was placed in front of me and a small plate of bacon along with it. I silently thanked Mrs. Hudson as she left the apartment. I picked at the food for at least an hour before throwing it out and grabbing my jacket and Sherlock's scarf before heading out.
A ringing noise made it's way through the abandoned flat. I silently cursed myself as I hurriedly searched for my phone. I grabbed it and quickly turned the sound off, hoping no one heard it. I frowned, seeing the caller ID on the screen. Unknown.
"Yeah... well... Mycroft please." There was a moment of silence before he started speaking again. "Mycroft this is something I only ask about once. I know you want to pay for the wedding and honeymoon but..." he trailed off.
I grabbed the book and made my way over to the curly haired man. He pointed at sign that had a bunch of animals. "Spirit Totem Stones." I read aloud. Sherlock nodded and pointed at two specifically.
"Mary. Pleasure as always. Oh and I loved the way you decorated the bathroom with Mike. The poison was a nice touch." I said smiling coldly. Lestrade turned to me looking startled. Mycroft groaned coming to.
I ran up to the front doors and opened them walking over to John's room and quietly opening the door. I froze when I saw what was waiting for me on the other side.
"I do."
"No it's okay. We have other people working on the case." Lestrade said. John stared at him and shook his head, chuckling.
"Don't ignore me John. I'm bored." I whined. He continued to read and I sighed. "Please..." He rolled his eyes and looked at me, before getting up and grabbing my wrist.
I have seen this moment play out in so many different ways but this, this was not one of them. John breathed a sigh of relief before he shivered. I hugged him closer to me, trying to keep him warm even though I was far from it. I didn't want to ruin this moment.
"What is taking you so long? I want to go."
"Come on Mycroft." Lestrade yelled. I looked at him curiously.
"So they have a pool here. They also have a beach and a movie theater. They have an arcade and 0 viously gambling. So what do you feel like doing?" He asked.
Groaning again, I pulled my legs out of bed and sat hunched over, rubbing my eyes, trying to get rid of the haunting thoughts that plagued my mind. I pulled myself out of bed and stumbled to the kitchen to prepare my tea.
"Yes!" I yelled throwing my controller onto the couch. John looked at me startled and I just smiled. "I won."
"What do you want with me now?" I whispered under my breath. I unlocked the phone, pulling up the messages to see what they had said.
Lestrade sighed. He walked towards me. "He was found dead in his bathroom this morning. No signs of a break-in. Sherlock... we're stumped. We could use the help." I shook my head. I refused to leave John's side.
Why did this have to happen? You didn't deserve this. I breathed in deeply, finally managing to catch a breath. I felt something hit my shoulder and I looked up to find Lestrade looking at John, hand covering his mouth. Mycroft wrapped him in a hug and if I wasn't as upset as I was, I would have laughed at this because Mycroft was showing affection. I smiled sadly, glad that they were happy and that something good did come out of my 'death'.
"What paper."
John rolled his eyes as he rolled off of me. "Please. Take a seat." he said offering Lestrade his chair. I sat up and John fell into my seat. We all just sat there in an awkward silence for a moment.
"You're on." I growled. It's been long since either of us have played. There was no way I could lose.
"You really don't have to do this. We can find someone else to take this case... we can... we can..." I traled off when John started laughing.
"What are you doing?" he asked.
I shook my head. I couldn't bring myself to tell him. "Are you alright?" Sherlock asked softly. I shook my head, tears sliding down my face. He hugged me tighter and pressed a kiss to my forehead.
They deserved to be together and happy and it's either the best thing for the both of them or the worst.
"Let's go. We need to figure this out right?" I asked.
"There's always a place at my manison." Mycroft suggested. John's brows furrowed in confusion. Mycroft never showed kindness to anyone.
I chuckled as we slid down onto the couch. "And why do you want me to be happy?" I asked, smiling as I kissed him again.
A loud creak resounded through the empty warehouse as I swung the door open, making me cringe. I stepped forward, the door slamming shut behind me and making me jump. "Don't worry sweetheart. He's not going to hurt you." the man said chuckling. I may not have met the person I was meeting but I most definitely have met this one. I never cared to learn his name but he was the best sniper I knew.
"You should have let her."
"He left me Mrs. Hudson. I don't know why I let myself believe he was any different than anyone else." I continued to cry until I had no more tears left. She helped me into the bed, kissing my forehead before leaving. "Thank you Mrs. Hudson." I croaked as she turned the light off.
"Can we just check put the gift shop really quick?" Sherlock nodded and pulled me put of the room. This was a really nice hotel. We passed the casino and went up the ramp o  the left, dodging people, before fi ally making it to the gift shop.
"Oh."
We sat in silence for a little while before I shuddered. John chuckled and wrapped the scarf around my neck. "Come on let's go home." he said.
Maple Treeway. Good. I was great at this map. My brother and I chose our karts and started the race. Within moments it was only him and I racing for first place.
My smile fell though. He may be brave but I can't believe he went out and did that by himself. He was lucky that the major arteries were missed. I don't know what I'd do if he actually died and I was slightly angry that he had lied to me about going to find Mary. I couldn't stay mad at him long though so I just rested my head on my hands once again and began to think.
"What? Why?"
"I suppose it is funny." Sherlock took the book and looked at the cover.
I then turned and walked out the door, ignoring his shouts of protest as I made my way down the hall. Lestrade wrapped an arm around me but I shrugged it off. Mycroft glared at me and I glared back as I stormed out of the hospital and I didn't miss his worried shout after me. I climbed into a cab and told him the adress to Baker Street.
"There was no posion on them if that's why you ask, but go ahead." I nodded in thanks and moved over to the clothes, ruffling through them. Nothing on the clothes but a small strand of blonde hair. Irrelevant. I shook my head and continued my search.
"No you don't. You came here to give us the files but Sherlock told you that we didn't want to take it no doubt because it was to hard for me." John said quickly. I was impressed with his deductions.
"The only reason you are in this situation is because of me so you should have let her." I whispered.
"Yeah. Pretty much." John started laughing an I joined I moments later. John put the trays on my bed so he wouldn't spill them, hunched over laughing.
It took him a little longer than it took me but in the end I got John and I think that's all that mattered.
"Right." We walked  inside the store and immediately began searching for some shorts.
I woke up early the next morning and groaned as I rolled over. My hand met the empty bed and I sat up, freaking out for a moment. Where was Sherlock? Then I heard the quiet playing of the violen echoing through the flat. I was so happy to have Sherlock back.
"Congratulations again Sherlock. You solved yet another mind boggling case." He clapped me on the back. His phone started ringing and I stared at it anxiously. "Y-yes?" he asked, silently cursing himself for the stutter. I heard him sigh in relief and I felt relief as well. "We'll be there as soon as possible." he said and smiled at me.
Then I heard the telly. I sighed, glad that I heard it because Molly was never home when I woke up. I pulled myself out of bed and stumbled into the living area. "Ugh you're watching that American show. The uh... OJ one right?" I mumbled and John nodded.
"I know but John... I am poison. I hurt everything I touch. I hurt everyone I know and that's why they all leave. I'm sorry."
Sherlock was shaking my shoulder. "We're here." he whispered, wiping the tears from my face. I opened the door and quickly walked upstairs. I immediately went to our room and layed down on the bed.
The door opens and I was vaguely aware of Mycroft entering the room. "I sense an inside joke." He said.] While John was distracted, I continues the game and crossed the finish line in first place.
He rubbed the back of his neck nervously and I smiled widely. "Seriously. It's fine. Now how long are we going for?"
"Neither did I." The Cabbie pulled over and I got out, handing him some notes. "Thanks." I mumbled as John got out behind me. I jogged over to Lestrade and when I noticed the body I quickly turned to John.
"Are you okay?" I quickly asked, a little worried. I didn't want to lose him for real this time. He chuckled and just gestured towards the couch. I nodded again and quickly walked over to the couch.
I. Buckled and showed him how to oar. We attempted turning and ended up going in circles, laughing, splashing water on each other.
He shot the Cabbie to save me and I hadn't realized until afterwards and I came up with some really lame excuse to get Lestrade to forget what I said about the shooter. I chuckled when I remember how pathetic I sounded. "I'm in shock... look I've got a blanket." It was amazing.
"He's going to be okay." Lestrade whispered and I thanked him quietly. I got up and started pacing again because I couldn't stop moving. A nurse walked in and studies us for a moment.
"You are just too cute." I whispered kissing him. "God I love you." I chuckled as I got up.
"John's parents. Yeah I know. He told me yesterday."
"You and your partner. You two are a cute couple."
I heard footsteps and quickly began rummaging through my bathroom. "You're not done yet?"
(John's POV)
"Yes. I do." he mumbled. He took the files from Lestrade who looked between the two of us before nodding and leaving us to it.
"Sorry. No. It's not funny but you, John Watson, make me human. I have smiled and cried and laughed a lot more in the past few years of my life than I ever have in my whole lifetime, especially these past few days. I love you John Watson and I am so very glad that we are getting married because if I had to spend the rest of my days with anyone, I'm glad it would be you."
This moment was perfect and I couldn't be happier and the one person who made it all worth it was the man beneath me. The man who was my fiancé and soon to be husband. I finally found what I was looking for and I couldn't wish for anything more.
He was the only thing keeping me alive for those two years. I hated that I had become so dependent on him but I couldn't help it. I needed him and if I lost him, I wouldn't be able to handle anything.
"Umm.... you might not want to see this."
"I am teaching my fiancé how to dance." I whispered and we twirled through the dimly lit room, the only music, the thudding of our hearts.
"In the middle of a case?" I asked, shocked that he would step away from an unsolved case to go on vacation.
Please don't say what I think you're going to say. Please tell me that for once my deductions are wrong. "Mr. Sherlock Holmes?" she asked sadly. I felt my heart breaking again, tears filling my eyes, but I refused to cry unless she told me he was dead. Shaking my head, I slowly got up.
I groaned, sitting back on my heels. What the hell? "Can you please get out?" I snapped. I couldn't think and I was frustrated. Lestrade stayed behind. I didn't really mind though. Partially because I liked Lestrade and partially because if Mycroft was going to call anyone for any changes, Lestrade would be the first. "Do you mind?" I asked gesturing towards the body and he shrugged.
I turned to find Lestrade watching me sadly. "I'm... no I'm not but I can get through it."
"How can you tell?"
Lestrade looked shocked at John's sudden outburst and I realized he must have actually meant it. "Wait... seriously?" I asked and Lestrade nodded. "Well that's... unexpected." I muttered.
"I'm sure I will." I mumbled. I looked out the window die. It wasn't the most beautiful place. It was really brown everywhere but there were lots of palm trees.
I had long since stopped carding my fingers through his hair and I couldn't breathe for a moment. I struggled to catch my breath. I tried but I couldn't get any air and it occured to me that I was completely freaking out.
"I came back for the job of course. Falling in love with you was just an added bonus." he teased, sticking his tongue out. I playfully smacked him before leaning down to kiss him again.
"Yeah it was." I bit. He jumped back and I made my way over to the door.
"Well... Greg?" Sherlock started and once Lestrade nodded he knew he had gotten it right. He would probably forget it soon anyway. "I had to make sure that when I called John he was standing in the right spot so the giant balloon thing that would catch me couldn't be seen."
There is a tiny little needle on the belt but that wouldn't have killed him unless it was coated with poison. I walked over to Mike, leaning close to his abdomen, pulling out my magnifying glass. No poison. The skin would have been discoloured but perfectly normal skin tone.
"So Lestrade, Mycroft, Molly, Mrs. Hudson... anyone else?"
"This is a crappy first date... I can't stop crying but... at least we're in this together. I miss you so much and I don't know how much longer I can live without you here. It hurts to know that I won't hear that beautiful violin at the ungodly hours of the wee morning. I won't hear your chuckles in amusement and will never see your eyes twinkle when you win."
"So did you come here to just break up our moment or did you actually have something on your mind?" I asked, annoyed of waiting.
"Wow."
Once dinner was over we sat by the fire and told jokes. Sherlock had his arm wrapped around me with a blanket shrouding our shoulders. Mrs. Hudson sat closest to the fire with a blanket and Lestrade and Molly were doing the same thing as Sherlock and I were.
"Surely not that important." He said raising and eyebrow a bit.
"They like your blog so much that they compiled it into a book they have to buy instead of reading it online free."
There was a snap on front of my face and I jumped back. "Are you okay John?"
Sirens blared as the police cruisers turned down the street I was currently on and skidded to a halt in front of the Cafe. A shot was heard and my eyes widened in fear, my heart racing. I burst through the front door and my heart stopped at the sight I saw before me.
"I don't know whether to be upset that you tried to move on with another person or be happy that you loved me and chose me. Sorry." he chuckled.
"I need Sherlock for a case and he refused to leave unless someone was here watching John."
"P-please sit." John asked. I shook my head. I wasn't going to sit. "Sherlock I..."
"I'm sure you're quite right and it could just be a different version of what previously happened." I said and he nodded silently. I waited for him to start talking but he didn't. "Well, your turn. You need to talk."
'Him or me? M' was carved into her back. There was another arrow too. This one pointing to the right. Sherlock frowned in confusion but I stalked over to the other side of the room. The arrow, if the body was flipped on it's stomach, would be pointing to the right. It would have been to the left, had it been flipped on it's back. The message was on the back so we can safely assume that it was meant to be to the right.
"Fine." He huffed. He played back on the bed, pulling me on top of him and we cuddled up watching bBeauty and the Beast.
"Fine then tell me this... why are you doing this?"
t a drama queen." He mumbled and I chuckled.
"I don't know." I sighed.
I smiled and turned to look at the bodies, suddenly wishing that I didn't. All the air left my lungs and I stumbled back against the wall, my smile falling. "Are you alright?" Lestrade asked. Sherlock whipped around and glanced me up and down.
"I didn't need to fool everyone. I only needed to fool the ordinary people." I muttered.
"I know and I won't let that happen. John, never. I will always come back for you. I'm so so so sorry." he whispered. He wrapped me in a tight hug as I cried into his shoulder. I couldn't bear the thought of losing him again and I still find myself believing that he will disappear any second and I'll just wake up.
"I should be the one apologizing. You hardly got any sleep because you thought I was dead and now that you'll finally be able to, you can't because I'm keeping you awake with nightmares. I'm sorry."
Into the cut on his abdomen. Possible but not likely. Especially since the proof of poison was in his throat. I highly doubt Mike drank shower water. So how did he get it in his throat? I frowned slightly. This makes no sense. The only way he could have gotten it in his throat was if he drank it or...
Leaving the boys to themselves, John walked downstairs, snickering to himself. They didn't know it yet but they were perfect for each other. Lestrade would help him become a better person. More loving, more kind but, Mycroft changes Lestrade too.
"You know you love me."
"I did." I said, smiling.
"Canoe?"
"Where."
"Where are we going?" I asked for the millionth time.
"But the no dashes thing... that rule is right?" John asked a little angry but trying to stifle his laughter. In the end he failed and we all started laughing. People were passing us but weren't too far ahead.
I grabbed the two cups and set one at the table beefore going to my seat. Then I stared across that table and tears filled my eyes. I rested my head in my arms and let the tears pour out of my eyes as I cried over the man I longed to see again.
He nodded sadly and we continued walking. "I'm so sorry Sherlock." he whispered.
I spun around, looking for her but I couldn't find her. "Where are you!" I shouted.
"He moves to much when he talks to the police. He keeps looking around the room as he comes up with new lies. His answers aren't clear and direct they are varied and sound like he doesn't remember or is confused. He has a nervous air to him when he talks to them. Like two minutes later he's in his house flipping out about being recorded in handcuffs even though it was only for a few seconds. He started screaming about everything and at everything and everyone. That's what the whole show's going to be about. I'm already bored."
"John just got discharged. He healed faster than they thought he would so they are letting him out today." I sighed in relief and stared out the window until we arrived at St. Bart's. I was in a good mood. I solved a murder and I get to go home today with John. My John.
When I refused to see him he would wait and try to help in whatever ways he could. He had always believed in me, even when no one else did. I loved him too much and now I knew how he had felt when I jumped two years ago. It was the worst possible feeling, losing someone you love.
"Mary Morstan. John showed me a picture of her and I asked Mycroft for help on digging her up. No reports of anyone named Mary Morstan ever coming into London."
"Yeah. Now how much do we owe you." He huffed.
"No. I get to go home." I said excitedly. I hopped into the cab and told the cabbie the address to the flat. Mrs. Hudson walked out and smiled brightly.
"Do people here... You know accept this kind of thing?"
"Well I know a little about this guy. I know enough to know that in the end he gets away with it because it's based off of reality where he published a book. If he had gotten caught he would have gone to prison for the rest of his life therefore he must have gotten away. The little details is how I figured out he indeed was the one who killed his ex-wife who cheated on him. Motive: His wife cheated. He couldn't pinpoint his whereabouts at the time she was killed. I noticed everything down to the blink, or lack thereof, when he said he didn't kill his wife. When did he arrive home? The police has asked him that and he replied with 7,8,9. Nobody has that wide a range for a time they got home. That's not an answer. Not unless you're hiding something. Sorry." I said quickly.
"SHERLOCK!" I heard John yell. I was aware that he was saying something before but I wasn't able to hear anything the first few times. He shook my shoulders and suddenly all the air rushed back into me. I gasped and sat up quickly.
I walked over to John and chuckled when he looked at me confused. "You haven't figured it out yet?" I whispered and he frowned, shaking his head. I stared at him for a second and smiled when his eye lit up with realization. "There you go."
"No card games. You always win."
"Someone reported seeing a person walking into the flat earlier. Mike had invited them in though. Maybe he was stabbed before he stepped into the shower."
He chuckled ang hugged me again. We watched a bunch of corny Christmas movies as we ate our dinner, talking about what had happened over the past two years. Mrs. Hudson was still living here as normal. John had moved out and was going to marry someone but that didn't work out very well because of how upset he still was, so he moved back into the flat. Lestrade and Molly finally got together and everyone seemed happyish.
"Thank you,John."
"Don't be I find it rather interesting."
"You don't have to do this." I said quickly, knowing exactly what he was going to do.
"No we should probably continue with the wedding because the longer I have to wait, the longer I'm going to die." he said and I nodded in agreement. I pulled him up and we made our way to the table.
"Why did you choose Mycroft's place? He isn't the best person. He is more cold-hearted than Sherlock."
"Mycroft." I chuckled and nodded in agreement. "Never saw that one coming."
It was one of my all time favorite Disney movies. When the credits began to play, I turned off the tv and curled into the side of a sleeping Sherlock and in minutes I was fast asleep.
"How much do we owe you?" Sherlock asked irritated, turning towards the woman.
Once Sherlock finished I quickly walked down with him to the cab, glad to be out of there. I slid into the cab and looked out the window as it started to rain. Sherlock slid in next to me, wrapping me in another hug. I slid out of his grasp, silently thanking him for being as quick as possible.
"John... John... look at me. Please look at me. Does this feel fake to you?" he asked but I wouldn't open my eyes. He grabbed my chin again and wiped a tear away from my eye. He pulled me close and I breathed in the scent that was just so inexplicably... him."
Reading his mind as usual, Sherlock replied. "I would have forgotten that I saw it." Chuckling, John leaned into Sherlock. Upon arriving at their flat, John noticed a figure sitting on the front step.
"WHAT DID YOU FIND?" Lestrade asked bursting into the room. I groaned pulling away from John and glaring at Lestrade who turned bright red. "I am so sorry." he mumbled and I chuckled slightly.
"Yeah. He's at the Gold Cafe." Lestrade answered.
Mary was sitting on John's legs, pressing her body into his and kissing him but what hurt me the most was the fact that he was kissing her back just as passionately. She rocked her hips and he groaned, a smile stretching on his face. I stumbled backwards but the door was shut at some point after I entered.
"You're not stupid and it is my fault. If I hadn't 'died' in the first place, you wouldn't be here right now."
"Yeah. Most people do anyways. But no matter where you go there always be those few who don't. Don't worry though." She said reassuringly.
"Mary Morstan. After you... you know... I met a girl. We went on a few dates and had a genuinely good time but I couldn't move on. It hurt too much. She eventually gave me a decision. 'Choose. Me or Sherlock. But if you choose Sherlock, we are through.' I couldn't move on and in the end I chose you. I always choose you. I loved you and I couldn't forget that. So she was angry. What I don't understand is why she showed up now after all that time."
"You're having a Christmas dinner?" I asked again.
I stared out the window and thought about the conversation I last had with them.
"You're right." he chuckled. "You're always right but you know what... if we don't do this more people will die because you know as well as I that Scotland Yard will take forever in finding the person. Too many lives could be lost at that point. But if we help... and we will help... we can get this done a lot quicker and then we can go back to planning our wedding and solving cases."
"This isn't the time for this kind of conversation. How about we start on our wedding plans?" he suggested.
"He said, 'we have an odd one for you. Meet me at Lauriston Gardens.' That's it." Sherlock nodded and stared out the window.
"No. Come on. We need to go visit Molly." he said. He ushered me over to the cab and cralwed in after me. He looked out the windo after giving the adress to St. Bart's and we took off, leaving me wondering why we were headed to visit her.
"You're always important. There is always enough room for you." I smiled, blushing a bit. I then cleared my throat and pushed him towards the dressing room. "Now try on those pairs of shorts."
"Sherlock," I whined mockingly. I opened my mouth to say something but there was a loud gasp behind the counter. Sherlock and I both jumped slightly.
"Yeah... home."
"Are the rules wrong?" Lestrade asked. I glared at Lestrade and John continues to chuckle.
Sherlock got the scarf from Molly and Lestrade and got a bunch of new containers from Mrs. Hudson. "What do I need these for? We never cook." Sherlock asked.
"Where is there... exactly?"
I started nodding off myself when the front door opened and Lestrade and Molly walked in. Lestrade walked over to me and reached out to grab my back but jumped back when he noticed a sleeping Sherlock in my lap.
I hugged him and cried. I have cried so much more in the recent days than I ever have in my whole life and I actually started to laugh. "You think this is funny? I poured my whole soul out to you and you laugh."
Body part's did that right? Some shortly after death, twitch. I watched again, waiting to see another sign of him being alive. His hand twitched again and tightened around mine. Gasping as his eyes shot open. "Sh... sherlock?" he asked.
"Right, yeah, sorry... uh. What did you guys find? Mycroft just told me you found something so, I came."
"I thought you were on my team."
"Why do you think?" she asked. I had my ideas but I didn't think that they could be right. There was no reason for that.
"John." I knew that's why we were here but it hadn't made me any less nervous. I truly felt bad hurting everyone John cared for but he needed to know the pain I felt. That's why I had agreed to help this person in the first place. "No more parents. No more therapist. Who should we kill next?" he said chuckling. My blood ran cold at the sound. "Perhaps his sister... Harriet?"
"What's in your hands?"
"Thank you. So are you and yours."
"Bloody brilliant... but uh.. there's one thing your forgetting... who killed him."
"Can't I just come by to say hi to my little brother?"
"No we're done." I said, chuckling. John wiped a few tears from his eyes.
"Lestrade's got a case." I said.
"Yeah. It is really hot there. I suppose we could just get you some when we land." He mumbled.
"Come on let's play one more."
"He's guilty."
"Hello?"
I was vaguely aware of two figures rushing towards me. One started asking me questions but I couldn't understand a word he said. I slowly turned my head towards him and realized it was Lestrade. My brother stood behind him, a little bit of pity displayed on his face.
"We can't take this."
"Yes!" he yelled, then quickly quieted down because he realized we were still in a hospital. I thought I had lost him and I was terrified but everything was better now. Everything was going to be so much better. I sighed contentedly, sitting down and waiting until they let me back into the room.
"Ugh! This game is so unfair!" I shouted angrily. I hollered at the screen as John chuckled. "It's so stupid." I growled.
There was nothing else for miles around us but at last we arrived at a Wal-Mart. "What are we here for?"
I ordered John's second choice of meal as usual and we talked about what to do afterwards. We decided to go to a castle and have some fun today. Once we finished our dinner we started heading towards the castle when I got a call from Molly.
"What am I doing here Gregory?"
The otter totem description read: Though fiercly independent an Otter's love is loyal to the end and beyond.
"It's a surprise." I rolled my eyes at how childish he was being. It took about a day to get there but we finally touched down at the Laughlin/Mojave National Airport.
"Don't you think that's a bit far? Perhaps we should stay with people in London, easier access, more we can kill in short periods of time." I said coldly. He paused a moment, considering this. I wondered what he looked like. All I could see was a shadow of a figure about 5"8' and the tip of a shiny black dress shoe.
"I don't know." I mumbled. He sighed and sat back on his feet. Sherlock started talking to Lestrade but I zoned out. Who else could Mary be going for? So far she only seemed to be going after the people I knew in London. Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson, Molly, Mycroft, Anderson, Sally, and Sherlock.
"Well as we both know Mike was alone in the shower. He wasn't killed and then dragged in here. You can tell because there are no scrap marks or blood on the carpet. He did't commit suicide because there would have been a weapon in here. He had to have died in the shower because he is wet and his hair still has shampoo in it. The wound on his abdomen could have killed him if it had been laced with poison but the skin color is the same and there is now odor of it. The rust on the pipes is mainly on the front because the water runs down it but if you look closely you see that the rust is facing the other direction. The pipes were tampered with. Mike doesn't mess with his pipes he calls a plumber that's why I called Mycroft. No plumber in the past two days. I know it was the past two days because the rust was facing the right way two days ago when we all went to the bar. Head has a bump on it so he was knocked out by the trophy closest to his arm chair. Not in the right position you can tell because you can see a slight part that wasn't covered in dust where the trophy was previously. The shower water was poisoned during this time he was knocked out. The poison was in his throat that's how I knew there was a poison in the first place. Red throat, bumps, thick and swollen neck. He wouldn't drink the water but two days ago when we were at the bar he told us he sang in the shower. That's how he died."
Lestrade stood in the hallway, still wrapped in Mycroft's arms. I practically skipped over to him, barely containing my smile. Mycroft looked confused for a second before a look of understanding dawned on his features. He pulled away from Lestrade, making an excuse about needing the bathroom. Lestrade slowly turned towards me, slightly taken aback by my smile.
"Sh..sherlock?"
"Just a little exhausted is all. I havent's slept very well for the past two years. Probably 10 hours a week at most." he said.
"We are very antisocal people. There will be like four people at our wedding." he chuckled and I nodded in agreement. Then flashes from my nightmare flittered across my mind. I turned my head away from John, willing the tears not to fall.
I was so unbelievably happy when I realized John had loved me back. It wasn't until after I had faked my death that I found this out though. It was so hard seeing him break down everyday. I hated seeing him so broken and tired and it was even harder to stay in hiding when he yelled at me, saying how much he loved me and how much it hurt when I left him. I know he was yelling at me, cursing me, hating me but when he said I love you,I felt my heart swell.
There was a lot to look at. They had clothes and sunglasses. There was a bunch of food and I realized just how hungry I was. "We'll go to the food courts by our room next okay?" Sherlock asked and I nodded eagerly.
"You needed to fool John." he said matter-of-factly. How could he possibly know that? "You wear your heart on your sleeve Ros..."
"No Sherlock. I want to watch the movie."
"Oh god Sherlock. I'm such a mess. I'm so sorry. Why did you have to leave me alone? Life has sucked without you... not one worth living." I whispered. I heard a few footsteps behind me but I ignored it, thinking it was those silly teens who liked making fun of me.
"Hey. How are you?"
"Yes I do."  he smiled kissing me. I leaned back as I took a breath.
"I.... I hurt him so badly. I had to. Mary was going to kill Mycroft. She was going to kill Lestrade and Sherlock too and I couldn't watch that. I had to... to..." I sobbed. She wrapped me in a hug.
"Sherlock!" I exclaimed, hitting his shoulder.
"Where is it?" I asked upon a rrival, completely out of breath.
"Sherlock..." he muttered. I pushed the shorts at him again and he took them, looking at the tag . "How did you know which size to get?"
I sat there, staring at the stall and wondering if he'd like the resort I picked out. It was in Laughlin, Nevada. It looked like a great place when I looked it up. It was called the Avi.
"It'll be fine for a bit." Mycroft assured. I had a feeling it wasn't the only reason he was there but I wasn't going to press him for answers.
"It's alright. No need to kill such a useful pawn." the man muttered and the yellow-toothed man took a step back, crossing his tattooed arms and leaning against a pillar. "Anyway... let's get down to business. The real reason you're here." he then paused and I waited patiently for what he had to say. I had a feeling he wouldn't particularly enjoy me interrupting him.
I scowled at him and cringed as he smiled widely, his yellow, crooked teeth making it look deranged. He put his hand in the small of my back and I growled, trying to get away but he shook his head and I tried to calm myself down. I did not want to screw this up. I may not have met this person but I knew that he had a reputation for changing his mind quickly. I did not want to get on his bad side.
"No... I can't find my shampoo." I muttered. I wasn't lying either. I hadn't been able to find my shampoo for a few days.
Once we pulled up to the hospital, I passed the Cabbie some notes before clambering out after Sherlock. "So why exactly are we here?" I asked. He continued as though he didn't hear me, which would make sense because it's Sherlock and he tends to do that.
I stepped outside and sighed in relief. I got through the meeting. I actually lived through it. Smiling I sprinted off towards my flat, not believing my incredible luck.
"Everyone told me it was a great show so I decided to watch it. This is the first episode if you want to watch."
John punched my shoulder and chuckled. "You sound like a cheesy romantic, but I love you too." He leaned over and kissed me before slowly drifting off to sleep. I smiled as I breathed in his scent, glad that I finally had John.
"About 2 hours." Lestrade answered, eyebrows furrowed. "Why?"
"My name is Greg."
I heard the door creak open and jumped up, excited to finally get going. When I spotted Sherlock, I froze. Wow... he looked amazing. Suddenly I realized that I have never seen him in shorts before.
"For everything."
"What?"
"I don't want to hear it." I scowled.
My breath caught in my throat and I turned to him. Did he actually ask what I thought I heard? My eyes filled with tears again and I wrapped my arms around John. He started wriggling around, trying to get away from me but I wouldn't let him.
She smiled warmly and moved into the kitchen to prepare some breakfast. I huffed as I lied my head back down. I didn't work anymore. They agreed to still pay me some money so that I could live but I couldn't work. My free money was about to end though with the upcoming new year. I wasn't exactly fired but I wasn't fit to work.
John shook his head amazed at how well they would work for each other. John slipped into his shared room with Sherlock and smiled in amusement when he heard the shower running. Mycroft was right when they first met... he missed the war but it wasn't necessarily the war he missed but it was the adrenaline, the rush, the mystery behind everything.
"Do you just carry on talking when I'm away?"
"Well, I just did." He rolled his eyes before leaning back on the couch. "So what did you come here for?"
"They really are. Wait... did you just say you liked the otter?" I asked as we put the book on the counter.
"Come on then Sherlock."
Mrs. Hudson got a new pair of slippers and a robe from Lestrade and Molly and she got new cooking utensils from Sherlock and I. Lestrade got an expensive watch from Sherlock and I. He got a new tellecom from Mrs. Hudson and a holiday to Paris from Molly. Molly got a brand new dress from Lestrade, a bunch of new makeup from Mrs. Hudson, and a new telly from Sherlock and I. We couldn't figure out what to get her so we decided on a new telly.
I eyed Lestrade and began to wonder if he had anything to do with it. "Stop staring at me Sherlock, you have a fiancé " Lestrade said chuckling.
"Elle Thompson. She was my therapist."
He smiled as he rested his head on my chest. I ran my fingers through his curls, smiling because of how lucky I got. Finally I heard his breathing slow down and I knew he had gone to sleep. I waited a good half an hour before sliding out of bed.
I looked through the microscope and read the tiny engraving on the locket.
"What? Why? It's not Harry is it?" He asked quickly.
"I don't know brother." I groaned at his reply. I did not like that answer.
"Please go away. I know you're not real. Just like all of my dreams, you would never actually be here, touching me as though I was important. Even if you were alive right now, you would never talk to me or look at me the way you are now."
"Sherlock..." I whined.
"John... John... look at me. Please look at me. Does this feel fake to you?" I asked wiping a tear from his cheek. I pulled him closer before finally kissing him. I couldn't believe this was actually happening right now.
I ran my hand along her dress. Wet. Dumped in the water last. Drowning is ruled out. I moved closer to study the cuts on her face. "Lestrade, do you have a scalpel?" I asked. He shook his head and ran downstairs to find Donavan.
"Feel free."
"Because I know what size shorts you wear."
John watched, a bemused expression gracing his tired features, as the lithe man slipped on his navy blue coat. Studying the files he had just been given, he notice the locket around her neck and quickly followed Sherlock out into the oddly warm winter night.
I looked around my room and packed a few clothes. I heard Sherlock talking downstairs and for some reason I stopped to listen, even though it wasn't any of my business.
"If you hug him any tighter I'm afraid you might actually lose him." Molly joked and I blushed as pulled away.
"I'm sorry but I couldn't live without you. I knew that I liked you but once I lost you, I realized that it was so much more and it hurt to think that it took me so long to figure it out and I was only able to say it to your dead body. I was utterly destroyed. Mary gave me a choice, him or me and I chose you because I couldn't move on. I believed that you would come back and yet everyday I died and I would see you and it would only get worse. I believed that you were here and that you were talking to me and I learned to believe that you weren't real. You were part of my hallucinations and it broke me everyday. I made extra tea, I moved into your room, I did whatever I could to feel close to you but I couldn't. No matter how hard I tried to."
I studied the shower area, attention drawn to the pipes. Rusted around the edge moreso in the front because the water runs down it. Wait. The back was more rusted. It was twisted around. Mike never messes with the pipes. I stuck my hand out and Lestrade handed me the phone. I quickly dialed Mycroft.
Once we walked into the flat, we found Mrs. Hudson cooking. "Do you need any help?" Sherlock asked.
"It is so hot in here... How are you wearing a scarf? Why?" I asked.
The snow crunched under my boot and I silently cursed myself for being so loud but John didn't turn around. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a black box and my heart sank. John pulled out the ring making me feel even worse. I can't believe I left him alone.
"As if I'd ever leave you alone in this world. You wouldn't know what to do with yourself." I chuckled at that because he was right. My smile fell though when he winced.
"It's alright John." I said wrapping him in a hug and kissed him. "I love you John. Don't you ever forget that."
Lestrade and Mycroft came in moments later. Mycroft stood awakwardly in the back as Lestrade hugged me tightly. I was glad he was he because he was the oldest friend I had. He was like another brother to me and now I understood what John meant when he said that Lestrade would be the perfect person for my brother.
Tapping and turning. That's all the could be heard throughout the room. Tapping and turning.
"I don't know how to turn this thing."
"For what?" I croaked.
"Nothing... Hey come here a moment would you?" he asked. I furrowed my brows in confusion. He never asked me to come over unless he was asking for his phone. "What do you see?" he asked.
"No. He is still wet and he still has shampoo in his hair so he must have been stabbed after he got in and shut the glass."
"Yeah... I know." I whispered kissing his forehead.
"Yeah...home."
"Oh you think so? I thought it was a bit much."
"I see that she isn't wet like the others were so she probably wasn't drowned because it wouldn't have been dry by now." He nodded encouraging me to continue but I had nothing else to say to him.
"Well I was hoping we could leave today..." he started, but seeing the look on my face, he quickly added, "but I wouldn't mind leaving whenever you want."
"Mary Morstan."
lose him.
"I-it's Mike."
"You want a tattoo?" I asked, surprised.
We grabbed our bags and hailed a taxi, telling him the address of the store and asking if he could wait a moment.
"If I must." he said sighing. I thanked him before quickly following Lestrade out to the cab. Once we arrived at the crime scene, I walked into the bathroom without a moment's hesitation.
"What is it? Is he alright?" I asked quickly, despite knowing that I was right and he was gone. My deductions were hardly ever wrong. She sighed slowly and shook her head.
When we pulled apart for a breath, I chuckled. "You definitely wouldn't have been able to do that. Thankfully you can and I can tell you just how much I love you." I whispered leaning down to kiss him again. "I love you." I whispered before pressing my lips to his and feeling him smile as I did so.
I quickly apologized, sliding the paper into my pocket. "Sorry I mistaked what the arrow meant. We should get going." I suggested. Sherlock nodded and I thanked Molly, apologizing again, as we left.
"Why not invite Mary, Harry, Sally, and Anderson as well." I suggested. He nodded and scribbled down some more names.
"She could have except we found footage of her years before at a gas station in California. She was under the name Tasha Browns. She has aliases."
"Or maybe it's your brilliant mind." I said kissing his temple. "Or you beautiful smile. Maybe it's the way your nose sometimes crinkles when you laugh. I don't know what it is, but your adorable and I love you anyway."
"What was? Oh and I was right. When he was hooked up to the heart monitor and was answering the questions he got a -24 which is the lowest score you can get when getting your heart rate tested. Then of course he starts yelling again, coming up with excuses as to why it was jumping about." I was still watching the telly as John watched me, fascinated.
"Like where the Pink Lady case was?" he asked. I nodded and he quickly put on his coat. We trudged down the stairs and to the front door. "There's been another case Mrs. Hudson. We'll see you later." Sherlock yelled behind him. I chuckled at how cordial he was being.
"Oh no. I have another reason. I'm not going to kill everyone you love. I just had to so that a case would start. I will win in the end and you will be so utterly destroyed that ... well I can't reveal that now can I?" I growled at her.
I shook my head, chuckling. "No its fine. I just didn't expect to be going overseas is all."
"So what does the paper say?" Sherlock asked.
I put a finger to my lip and he nodded in understanding before backing away and helping Mrs. Hudson out in the kitchen. Molly sat in my armchair and she looked so tiny compared to it. I chuckled and Sherlock stirred, his eyes flittering open.
"In the middle of a case?" I asked again. He nodded, causing me to frown. He sighed.
"I was expecting to live alone for the rest of my days and I was going to say goodbye to everybody today. It was going to be the last day I would..."
"Are the rules wrong now?" Lestrade asked.
"No. I couldn't. I can't. Sherlock if I lost you... I couldn't deal... I'm sorry."
"The gun I used to shoot the cabbie on our first case, was locked away in my dresser drawer. About 2 maybe 3 months after you had died, I took the gun and said goodbye at the cemetary. I shot myself in the chest but they managed to save me. So the next time I used a knife and I tried again. 4 times in total because I couldn't handle being there without you and it killed me. So on that day you came back I had a knife in one pocket and a gun in the other in case the knife hadn't worked. I was gonna aim for the head that way they would save me but I'd have really bad brain damage if I ever woke up, or I would die."
"Of course dear." She then quietly shut the door leaving me to my thoughts. I turned over onto myside and stared at the wall. Suddenly I sat upright. I remembered where my stash was. I slid out of bed and onto the floor. I reached under the bed and up to the bar just on the side. I pulled the tape down and smiled as I stared at the sryinge.
"Not a board game."
"Why here. Let's relax in the room." he said picking me up bridal style and walking me back to our room. I chuckled as he collapsed onto the bed and then nuzzled into my neck, kissing me.
"Because I don't understand how I look like an otter And why do they always draw a scarf?"
"Whatever." I mumbled, rolling my eyes. We spent all afternoon playing the game and I was growing aggravated. John. Kept. Winning.
I slid in and winced out how loud the door sounded in the quiet of the Cafe. "Well done. I was beginning to think you wouldn't make it."
"Thank you Sherlock. Honestly, thank you for thinking about me but this is so much bigger than the two of us. It may hurt. I may lose everyone I used to know but I want to know why. Why did they choose me and my family? Why did they wait so long to do it? Who did it and how do they know me?"
"Well...?" He asked clearing his throat. I turned away from him, my face bright red.
The handle hit my back making the door rattle and Mary's head snapped up. When she spotted me, her smile grew and she watched me. John turned his head towards me, smile falling. My heart thudded in my chest. "John..." I choked out.
"What a wide range of people we could murder. Who next? His banker? Maybe Molly? Oooh, oooh, I know... let's kill Mike." he said happily. I nodded slowly, knowing he could see me and he chuckled darkly. "Mike it is then. That's it for now. Bye." he said his voice rising slightly in pitch on the last word. He spun on his heel and walked back the way he had come.
"You two have met before right?" John asked.
I couldn't breathe for a second and my knees hit the snow. When at last I caught my breath, I sat there in the snow, hunched over. I don't know what I'd do if that actually happend.
"Where is John?" I asked frustrated when he picked up. I slid out of the bed and hurriedly made my way over to the coat rack. I slid into my coat and began putting my shoes on as I waited for Mycrofts answer.
"The states? I sputtered. His eyebrows furrowed in confusion.
"You need this. You get antsy and bored and we all know how much you hate hospitals. You need to go out and do something productive." I was still shaking my head. "Sherlock. I'll be fine. Send someone in. Hell send in Mycroft so they can call you if something happens but you need to go." I sighed because he was right. As much as I wanted to stay by his side, I was getting antsy.
"Sherlock..." John croaked. I froze and cursed myself for being so weak. I schooled my expression and turned around, glaring at him.
The stall opened and John walked out, twirling round in his shorts, making me chuckle. "They look great now go back in." He nodded, chuckling as he walked back into the stall.
I put my fingers to his throat, a small lump. Odd. I pulled his chin down. His throat was bright red and bumpy. So it had been poison of some kind and because of the bumps and redness, as well as the thickness of his throat, it killed him immediately. So it couldn't have been given to him before he got in the shower because he would have been found in his room. He wasn't dragged in here either so he was definitely poisoned in the shower. But how?
"Normally I would think that seeing Sherlock getting slapped would be the funniest thing ever," I spun around to find Lestrade talking to John who was nodding slightly. "But I agree with her this time. Don't you ever do that again."
I sighed, shaking my head and looked at the screen again, trying to figure out what to say next. "We should do something. Maybe go somewhere." He sighed putting the book down.
"This way." Lestrade mumbled gesturing upstairs. I nodded and quickly followed Sherlock up the stairs and into the room. His eyes twinkled and even though his face was really stoic, I knew he was glad to have a case.
I groaned loudly hoping to get John's attention. "John. I am so bored. Entertain me." I whined but there was no answer. I sighed, closing my eyes.
"Oh thank god you are okay. I was so scared. I thought I lost you for a while there." I whispered as I sat down. I leaned forward resting my head on my arms on his bed. He smiled, chuckling, as he rand his fingers through my hair.
"It's true." Lestrade sighed.
"We have Mario Karts?" I asked slightly surprised. I haven't played the game in forever.
Finally we had found the shorts. This was one long trip and I did not have the patience to wait any longer. I pulled some shorts off the shelf and handed them to John.
"What are you doing here, John?" I bit out harshly. His blue eyes filled with tears and I almost felt bad. I shook the thought away.
The man behind me gripped my shoulders tightly. I growled, wriggling out of his grasp, swiftly turning to face him "Don't touch me again or I will rip your throat out." I snarled before turning and stalking to the creaky door out front. I slammed the door open, being as loud as I possibly could and grinned when I heard the groan coming from the other side of the warehouse.
"Do you want a cup of tea?" he asked. I nodded and silently got up. He started making a cup of tea as I dressed. I sat down on the couch, reading the paper, and occassionally sipping my tea.
"I don't see what this has to do with..."
"What did you come here for exactly?" I asked cutting John off. He glared at me and I shook my head and he nodded, understanding we would talk about this later. Lestrade's confused expression fell and he turned to me.
God I hated hospitals. "Calm down there Sherlock." John says chuckling.
"Let me call Mycroft." Lestrade said, stepping out of the room. A few minutes later Mycroft was sitting in the chair and looking ridiculously bored.
"Life without you has sucked... not one worth living." he said. I then noticed there was something else in his pocket. I took a few steps closer, worried about what he was going to do. When I saw what it was, I froze. I didn't know what to do.
"No I don't mind. I want this over with as soon as possible so we'll work until we get it done." I nodded and moved over to examine the body.
"You're not real. You're not real. You're dead and just another one of my many illusions. I'm just seeing what I want to see but you're gone."
I shook my head and brought myself back to the present. It was Christmas Eve and there was a present tucked away in my pocket. We had gotten rid of all of Moriarty's men. John, Mrs. Hudson, and Lestrade are safe now. Molly kept telling me that this was the perfect moment to come back from the dead but there was something different about today.
"It doesn't make it any less upsetting."
We ordered some subway and sat down discussing the tattoos. We both agreed that we should head to the city and get some tomorrow.
I smiled and flipped the book over, scanning the summary. Flipping the book open I looked at the first page and found another adorable picture. This one was of a tan otter cradle g a small hedgehog in a blue scarf. "Hey. John... you should come look at this." Sherlock called.
"Because it was important."
"Well in that case I should just go." I chuckled, getting up and purposefully swaying my hips as I walked towards the door. I turned to see him bright red as he looked up at me. I started laughing and he turned even more red.
"So I see that not only has Sherlock returned from the dead but he has feelings and is
He grabbed a book and sat down to read and I huffed. I hated not having anything to do. I have read every book in this room. I've seen almost every show or guessed the ending of it and I was already bored. I snuck over to John's chair and slid down the back and into his lap.
"I knew you two were gay." Anderson cackled. I glared at him and he visibly gulped, turning and going to find Donavan no doubt. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath, wiping the tears from my eyes.
"Ah, Rosamund Mary." he said, silky voice rolling throughout the whole place. I kept my face impassive, wondering how he could possibly know my real name. No one knew my real name. "You're probably wondering how I knew your name..." he started and I frowned. Could he read my mind or something? "You hid very well. Not perfectly though, some people can read through your files and figure out easily that you had faked your death."
When no more tears could fall, I looked up and smiled sadly at Mrs. Hudson who returned the sad smile. "You  really need to eat something." she finally said. I shook my head, still not trusting myself to speak.
He tilted my face up to his and I closed my eyes. "Please go away. I know you're not real. Just like all of my dreams, you would never actually be here, touching me as though I was important. Even if you were alive right now, you would never talk to me or look at me the way you are now."
"We didn't even get through half of the episode and you already figured everything out." John got up and turned the telly off.
"Do you want me to tell him?" I asked him quietly and he shook his head, taking a shaky breath.
"Do you remember what you asked me?" I smiled widely. I think I knew where this was going. I was getting slightly excited.
"Let's head back to the room then." he nodded and we turned the light off, not even bothering to put the stuff up as we went to the bedroom. Once we slid back under the covers, he rested his head on my chest before taking another deep breath.
I took a deep breath and the room was extremely and awkwardly silent. The oven dinged and Mrs. Hudson gestured for Molly and Lestrade to follow her into the kitchen. They set about preparing the food but all I could do was stare at Sherlock. Did he really do that for us? He risked everything to save us.
"That. That was awesome. What you just did."
"I love you." I said. He chuckled and pushed me playfully and I did it back, just a bit to hard. He went over the side of the canoe.
"We'll just give you a minute." Mycroft said as Lestrade finished undoing his ropes. I hadn't even realized the other man was knocked out in the corner until now. They both hurriedly made their way out of the room.
"Yeah?"
John strutted out wearing a pair of tan shorts that stopped mid thigh. They were tight but not to the point where it hurt and I couldn't help but love the way he looked in them.
"Not always. Please..." he begged and I sighed, agreeing to play a few games of rummy. Sherlock won almost all of them.
"I understand she was angry but... why did she kill your parents and then leave a message? That's really sloppy." Lestrade mumbled.
"We are going out to eat."
"You what!?" I asked.
"Stay in my old room." Showing him to the room, John found Mycroft sitting on his bed.
I thought back to our first case. I had just met this man and he was so willing to jump into danger. He didn't mind my babbling and then random days without talking. He may get annoyed with the violin but he doesn't care. I had just met this man and he worried about me so much that he figured out where I was and shot someone, killing him, so that I wouldn't die. Neither of us knew if I was actually going to or not but he didn't want to take that chance. I then lied to Detective Inspector Lestrade to protect him, which I never did, without thinking twice about it.
"How did you know that?"
We passed off our presents. "I'm sorry I didn't get you anything but you were dead." Lestrade kept saying. Molly smiled and handed Sherlock a present and he smiled gladly. I adopted his scarf so he finally had one of his own... again.
"No. No." I freaked out. "Someone help me right now!" I yelled, carrying John out. They placed him in the bed of the Ambulance before speeding away. Lestrade gave me a ride to the hospital where I sat in a private waiting room, pacing around. I couldn't lose John.
