“Do I need a new identity?”
“It’s good to be home, Sherlock.”
www.thescienceofdeduction.co.uk
He unbuckled the chinstrap of his helmet and stored it in the side bag. As he crossed the street, John peeled off his gloves, biting the tip of his middle finger and pulling the rest of his digits out. He jogged into the café just a block from Marylebone and purchased two hot drinks – three shots of espresso in his and an earl grey with two sugars for Sherlock. As he paid and kindly thanked the barista, his nerves began to twist up. Was this idiotic? How unattractive was it, to have someone want to watch you dance? Would he make Sherlock uncomfortable?
Sherlock made quick work of the button and zipper; he gently tugged at the waistband of his trousers. John arched his hips up as Sherlock slid his clothes down past his knees. He closed his eyes and kissed the sharp lines dipping along John’s hips. His hands found the soft skin on the inside of John’s thighs.
“God, you’re brilliant,” John panted. Sherlock was straddling John’s hips, leaned forward and nuzzling his neck. John could feel Sherlock smiling against the curve of his jaw, warm heat finding his skin in gentle huffs from Sherlock’s mouth.
“Yes, well, I feel as though you’ve begun to make an experiment of it.” Sherlock jested, voice full of fondness. John could do anything he wanted, Sherlock was sure, and he would be perfectly content with it.
“Touch yourself.” John pried one of Sherlock’s hands from the sheet and wrapped it around the detective’s own velvet prick. “Now.”
“Thanks.”
“Oh, but there is, B. Because what happens if I like you? If I like you too much? If I scare you off, over-analyze, get too comfortable, disappoint you? What then? Who wants that?”
“Yes. I did, in fact.” Sherlock let his other hand follow the curve of John’s arse and slide into his back pocket.
He turned and stared at the man in the doorway.
Sherlock smiled, distant demeanor beginning to melt away. “She is so easy to write for. So much spirit.”
Rage and heartbreak crawled through her body. So powerful was her need to wretch, she closed her eyes and tucked her head between her knees. John’s palm attempted to ground her, resting strongly between her shoulders. Here, so close to the hard bottom under her feet, the tears had less distance to travel. As she eyed the floor of the church, she imagined Sam’s body six feet below the tile, glowing in a wooden box. He’d rather die than leave his mother alone here. His sweet eyes would cry until he filled his coffin.
“Hello, I’m John. Nice to meet you.” John’s expression was friendly, kind. Unlike his first glance at Graham. Sherlock chuckled at the recollection.
John picked fuzz from the duvet, fighting off curiosity as best he could.
“Different man, Jane. Remember that.” He kissed the sliver of skin her v-neck sweater left exposed. “You are going through so many changes. Watching it is incredible. I don’t want to get in the way.”
Sherlock looked affronted. His mouth fell into a small O and then closed again. “I’m – I’m sorry, I just hadn’t heard from you. I was worried. I’d called and texted…”
“I’m sorry, Jane. Who is Sam?” She felt heat rise to her cheeks as a wave of unnecessary fury consumed her. She knew better than to drink like this. She knew B wouldn’t understand because B barely knew her. And rarely ever asked anything.
Consulting Detective
“Thank you. For last night.”
The girls then fell into a v shaped alignment, and Sherlock tugged John forward, breaking through the crowd until they were making a place for themselves in the ring that surrounded the dancers. John crossed his arms and watched, as each girl stepped forward, right knees bent at a ninety degree angle, in perfect unison with the first drop of an electric beat. Their hips slung side to side with intention, locking solid with each repetition of the cymbal in the song. The forward-most girl dropped suddenly into low side-lunge, left knee bent impossibly, right leg out and straight. The girls were then horizontal with the floor, legs, knees, and hips rolling against the concrete, but never touching. The blonde grinned as she moved, face laid open. It was obvious she enjoyed what she did, and her partners danced with the same ferocity. Their hair whipped like an extension of their bodies, sharp sprays of brown, blonde and red. John turned to Sherlock, watching as Sherlock looked on with his head tilted, hand resting under his chin, his elbow finding leverage against his chest. He was smirking, one eyebrow raised. He knew them.
light up.
“Yes. It has been a pleasure, Sherlock. Be safe this evening.”
“This isn’t too formal?” John asked, examining himself in the well-tailored suit.
John laughed. “You’re an idiot. I don’t mean me, Sherlock. I mean in general. You’re obviously miserable, though you’re never left wanting. You make excuses for your arshole behavior and blame it on everything other than what it actually is. I don’t know a single fucking thing about you. You don’t read or write or paint or sing. You just sit. And sip tea. And observe until your brain oozes out of your skull. Aren’t you bored? Isn’t your life boring that way? Don’t people become dull once you’ve deduced them to a pile of nouns and verbs?” John stood and rested against the brick of the building. He carded a hand through his hair and sighed. “You take all the adventure out of getting to know someone, Sherlock. Whatever it is you are afraid of, you have allowed it to consume you. Devour you whole. Quite sad, really. You’re much too clever to live a life that empty. So I’m just curious. What happened?”
“You probably ought to stop pouring now.”
She looked up at him with a puzzled look on her face. Her eyes went back to the floor, to B’s shoes, to her fingers. “I have with a few of my students, but mostly about their behavior. There are so many, B. That would be tough. Thirty-five kids.” Her voice trailed off, but he could tell she was mulling the thought over in her head, trying to find a way to make it work. “I could do them over the course of the week, though. Maybe seven students a class period…” She looked up at him and raised her eyebrows.
“Sherlock? Why didn’t you mail them?”
Doctor Watson stared back at him, eyes wide and at full alert. The blue was as far from ice as it could be while still living within the same hue. His brows were furrowed enough to show worry, but not so much to look worrisome by nature. His mouth was firm, pulled up only a minute amount at the right corner. His whole head was shifted slightly to the right, cocked as though he had heard something off, something odd. He looked expectant. Watson’s shoulders were squared, braced for impact. Sherlock exhaled. That. That tiny deduction, just there. Watson knew. He had read. Sherlock puzzled, brows furrowing and eyes burying themselves deeper into Watson’s. The doctor showed no sign of fear or recoil. He maintained the contact. Behind the kindness and the worry was acknowledgement, and a tinge, just a little bit, of acceptance. Familiarity. Interesting.
He shuffled to the bedroom where he found Sherlock kneeling and fooling with the auxiliary cables of John's stereo. John leaned against the doorframe and watched him. A calm flooded and settled warm and thick in his chest. It was lovely, for that dull and miserable ache to hide away so easily. Sherlock stood and pulled his phone from his pocket, connecting it to the aux cord now protruding from the system. Sherlock carded his hand through his hair as he scrolled through what John assumed was a playlist. John admired Sherlock's profile, prominent and alien in a lovely, foreign way. The audio bled through the speakers and John recognized it instantly. His heart thudded hard in his chest. He felt himself grin like an idiot.
And then Sherlock’s hand was at the nape of his neck, and his lips were on John’s and the captain was melting under the hot, damp touch of another, in Sherlock’s hallowed hall. He gasped against Sherlock’s mouth, breath leaving him in trembling exhales. The kiss stole every line of coherent thought in John’s skull. He could feel Sherlock in his skin, in his blood, in his bones. Had he ever wanted to be closer to a human in all his life?
“Detective Inspector.” John extended his hand for a shake. The DI took it, and Watson could have sworn Lestrade gave him a small, knowing nod. Watson was certain he now had red cheeks to match his ears.
I am a
The handle of the door twisted and Sherlock’s eyes shot to the sound. His heart was pounding in his ears, blood continuing to gorge to his agonizingly hard erection. He heard the boots first, and Sherlock started at his feet. He soaked in every inch of John Watson with his eyes, sure to remember the smallest detail. The captain stood with his legs spread nearly shoulder width apart; his uniform hugged him snugly across his hips and ass. Goddamn, he had a gorgeous ass. His uniform shirt was untucked, sleeves rolled up to reveal tanned skin, veins thrumming and evident. The two top buttons were undone, revealing a white shirt underneath and the faintest gleam of dog tags. Oh. Sherlock felt his cock twitch. Interesting. Watson’s left hand was shoving up the sleeve of his right arm, causing his biceps to flex in response and pull the sleeves tight against his flesh. The hollow of his neck shone with a thin layer of sweat. The detective wanted to bite him there. He wanted to leave a purple mark, right where Watson’s pulse ran wild after PT in the mornings. His mouth held a mischievous smirk, but nothing like the lecherous smile from earlier. Sherlock wanted to press his thumb between John’s lips and feel the captain’s tongue. He wanted to lick his way inside and discover everything there is to learn about Three Continents Watson firsthand.
He heard a soft, throaty chuckle come from the bed. Sherlock froze, though he wasn’t sure why. It wasn’t as if his mental pacing had been the thing to wake John. He heard the covers rustling, and saw the outline of John walking toward him. Clothes were being taken from his hands and dropped to the floor. A warm mouth found his and gave him a slow, sated kiss. “Stay,” John whispered against Sherlock’s lips. His voice was like a storm; low, strong, and unfazed. It crashed over Sherlock and wrapped him up tight. Sherlock walked back into the hall and returned, moments later. He found John in the dark and pushed him onto the edge of the bed. He took a warm, damp flannel to John’s skin, and tossed it to the floor as John pulled the covers back. John slipped in, moving over to make room for Sherlock. As soon as Sherlock was horizontal, John leaned up on an elbow and hovered over him, fingers trailing along his arm. Sherlock tilted his chin up, in search of John’s mouth, and he eventually found it.
(See the end of the chapter for
is what I want, and I refuse to stay behind or hide away while you go out trouncing around on cases like the one we had tonight. Alone. We are a team, and I live to protect you. So get used to it. I’m not going anywhere. Not again.” He nuzzled into the crevice of Sherlock’s neck and shoulder.
John’s mouth fell into a small oh. His eyes were blinking at an alarming rate and Sherlock raised his eyebrow. “John? Is that such a surprise?” The detective looked mildly offended.
ˈkwidədē/
John shifted his eyes up, waiting for them to focus. “Major.” He flinched at his own voice.
“Are you actually considering the military?”
Before Sherlock could open the box, John was on him, near him, flush against him; had they in fact melted together into one? The kiss shot fireworks through Sherlock’s body, charging the marrow of his bones and rearranging the atoms in chest. He began to cry, feeling overwhelmed by both internal and external stimuli. Months of practicing had just come to a cusp, and now he spilled over, out of his protective coating and into the open. He grasped John’s face tighter, kissed him a bit harder and with so much more intention. He had to tell him; John had to know. Sherlock could not
“You know I love you too, Watson.” There was a small pause before John piped up again.
So when you're done revolving
“Mycroft wanted to help you?”
“Oh don’t worry, Jim. You will hear from me.”
“Yes, pleaaase!”
“Oh, enough with the mouth! Spit it out.”
York Patties or Milky Way
“What? How did Molly know? I didn’t mention it to anyone. Wasn’t a big deal.”
Sherlock refilled his cup, and grinning for having gotten his way, plopped down on the hounds-tooth sofa. John watched him, preening like a peacock. “Don’t look so damn smug.”
“Thank you, Sherlock.”
John looked around at his team, resting against the lockers and sprawled around the benches and floor. He had all eyes; the match was going to begin in a matter of minutes. He beamed.
More chatting ensued. John, for the first time, found himself wishing
“I miss you, baby. I’ll let you know how the game goes tomorrow… Right, of course you’re going to watch it. I’m an idiot... You don’t have to watch. I know you need to work on that new performance Sherlock choreographed for you.”
“Not bad, Chachi. Been taking my advice, I see."
Screaming filled his ears. The sound of sirens was deafening. There were bodies in the street, black and limp against the red of fire. He knelt next to his first patient: it was a young girl. Hot, fresh blood was trickling down the side of her head, and had begun to dry and mat in her long, black hair. She couldn’t be older than eleven years of age. John rested his hand on her cheek and looked straight up at the dark, glowing, unforgiving sky. He blinked away the tears. Stabilized, he turned back to the young girl. She was still breathing. “Come on, sweetheart. Open your eyes, please.” The child turned her head toward John. Her eyes were huge and brown and full of tears. “There you are. Hi, hello. My name is Captain Watson, and I’m here to make you better. Would you mind telling me your name?” Watson desperately hoped the girl understood English. Most of the younger children living in Kandahar and Kabul did, but that didn’t guarantee anything.
“And you didn’t say a
Four blades? Why did it matter? Which BRAND of four blade razors was he supposed to get? Gillette? Was the pivot action really
He dragged his feet up the stairs to the flat.
“John can have water. I need a damned pint.”
He licked his lips and then kissed the tender underneath of John’s glans. His tongue swirled there, teasing, and John began to pant. “Fuck, yes. Sherlock…” John’s hand was tangled in Sherlock’s hair, tightening into a gentle fist as Sherlock took John’s cock into his mouth. He moaned at the taste of John’s pre-ejaculate warm and tart on his tongue. “Your mouth,” John managed, “you are so fucking good with that gorgeous mouth.” Sherlock pushed farther forward, taking more of John. He worked slowly, running his tongue under the shaft, kissing and licking the swollen head, murmuring and letting words of praise slip from his mouth as he kissed across John’s thighs before swallowing him whole again. Sherlock could feel the tensing of John’s muscles in his legs, the short, broken bursts of breath leaving his nose. “Sherlock, fucking Christ. I’m nearly there. So fucking good to me.” He caressed the tight nub of flesh on John’s left pectoral, and his other hand slipped between John’s legs. John’s back arched in the chair as he pushed into the heat of Sherlock’s mouth. “Fuck, yeah. I’m there, Sher… I’m,” John tried to give Sherlock’s jaw a gentle push away, but he sank down until his nose was touching flesh. John gasped and stilled, his muscles flexing and relaxing, one hand clutching Sherlock’s shoulder, the other tangled in his hair. “Jesus.” The second syllable was long and drawn out. A short chuckle left John’s mouth at the sight of Sherlock licking his lips. “You’re fucking incredible.”
She began to walk to her bike, when he grabbed her arm and pulled her close. She could feel his breath against her the top of her head. They had been dating for 6 months now, but every time he stood close to her, she could feel her brain get all fuzzy. “How come I never get to go to your house? We’ve been dating for so long and I have never met your parents. Why?” Rosie sighed, she knew she would have to answer this one time. Might as well be now.
To Timothy’s relief, Rosie enters the room. “So, did you three behave?” She exchanges one look with her father to know they clearly did not. “O my god, what did you say?” “Nothing darling, just getting to know Tim over here. Making sure he brings you home before ten.” Sherlock sits down his chair again and smiles at his daughter, who looks sceptical. “We get along great, right Tim?” John looks at Tim, who shifts a bit uncomfortable in his chair. “Yes, well, we better be off if we want to catch an early movie, Rose.” Rosie looks at her dads and bursts out laughing; “Liars! Stop frightening him, he is sweet.” She kisses Timothy on his cheek, walks over to her father, kisses him on the cheek too. When she gets to John, she gives him a kiss, and says; “We’ll probably be home before dinner, so maybe, if it’s okay and if Timmy wants to, we’ll join you two.” “Off course darling. Have fun!” “Though not as much as ‘Timmy’ wants.” Sherlock says from his chair and gives a small smile to Timothy, who relaxes a bit more.
I have only seen 1 James Bond film, so my information about the films is probably shit. I know that there are 24 films or something right now, so I imagine that in 17 years there will be about 45 ;)
They didn’t hear the front door unlock, they didn’t hear the footsteps of the two people walking up the stairs, they didn’t hear them walking though the door. “Oh god, dads, please. Don’t!” John broke the kiss, and stood up. He felt as a teenager getting caught by his parents. He and Sherlock looked at each other, before looking at their daughter and blushed.
“Hey, Rose, wait up!” Rosie turned around to see her Timothy run after her. He kissed her on her cheek, she smiled. “Wanna catch a movie?” he asked. “Yes, sounds fun. I’ll just drop my stuff off at my place, so I’ll meet you there.”
After the movies, it was still pretty early. It was half past eight, and they began to feel hungry despite the big bag of popcorn they had shared. “Do you maybe wanna join us for dinner?” Rosie asked, when they turned the corner on Baker street. “You know, I do, actually. I think I can manage to sit and get humiliated again if it means I can spend more time with you.” Rosie felt her stomach get warm, she never thought she would ever meet someone so sweet so soon. She kissed him, “I love you, weirdo.” “I love you too, crazy.”
He spoke as if he disliked disguises in general, though John had first-hand evidence that they were one of his specialties, and he very much doubted Sherlock found it as reprehensible as he made it sound.
He’d checked the door just after, of course. Locked, naturally.
John mentally scoffed. He could hardly call what he did
“That’s not really appropriate - birds spend their entire lives outdoors, under the sun….”
He’d tried this very door only a few days before. He passed under the room’s  windows nearly every day as he walked the grounds, and often stopped to admire them, each a beautiful work of art in coloured glass, reminiscent of cathedral windows in design if not theme. There were four of them, each depicting a scene from London – famous buildings, parks, streets – and they struck him as so lovely, yet so out of step with the setting of the manor, that he determined where the room must be within the house, and found his way there one evening after dinner, only to find the door locked when he tried to turn the knob.
“And he might have another fit,” Billy warned.
He would never have predicted that Mycroft would not.
John let out a long breath as he relaxed again into the chair, this very lovely chair that seemed to have been made with his proportions and comfort in mind. Amusing and unpredictable as this game of Sherlock’s seemed to be, he was tired and really preferred to deal with the fall-out of Irene Adler’s disappearance after a good night’s sleep.
What John never did consider, however, was that Sherlock Holmes wasn’t the only one who needed to heal.
Mrs. Hudson knew, and she wished she had someone in her life to love her like Sherlock loved John, or like John loved Sherlock. Someone special to bring her tea when she was under the weather, to share her pillow, to make her laugh when she was feeling particularly low. Mrs. Hudson truly didn’t care who loved whom, and she thought both Sherlock and John well-deserving boys who’d paid their dues and had won the right to be left alone.
“And I’ve already explained to you that your Mummy had a family emergency and can’t be with you for a few days. So I’ve brought you here instead, because your Mummy and Daddy chose them as their emergency back-ups. You’ll be staying here until your Mummy comes back. Sherlock and John will take good care of you.”
“Glad to provide the entertainment then,” he said with a cocky smirk which made Ginny narrow her own gaze.
Even orders to leave his uniforms behind and wear civilian clothing, despite how unusual the request. Two packed suitcases had been delivered to his quarters the night before.
Sherlock quickly captured a pawn, even though, from John’s perspective, it didn’t advance the game at all to do so.
John was a most welcoming and cordial host who didn’t ask intrusive questions and seemed to genuinely enjoy getting to know Harry and his family better. Sherlock, however, oblivious to social niceties, turned to Al as they were finishing the meal and blurted “Afghanistan or Iraq?”
But every time he brought Sherlock outside, he thought of the other garden.
The week following the piano lesson with Sherlock could not have been more beautiful, with sunny days and cool, clear evenings. The moon was waxing and the days getting longer, allowing more time in the gardens after dinner, and moonlight and stars even after the sun went down.
They settled back into their seats, eyes closed. John was almost asleep when Sherlock spoke again, voice low so only John could hear.
is the one opening the door.
There were no guarantees, but John had every confidence that the man couldn’t help but improve if he just quit trying so hard. And he was equally sure that he’d never be able to talk Sherlock into giving up his mental calisthenics in favor of a romp in the gardens.
“Conditions,” he stated. “I’m afraid there are conditions to Sherlock starting to work again.”
“You’re ridiculous,” John said, smiling into the kiss. “You’re anything but those things.”
Al hustled them out to the street and turned in the direction of the Leaky Cauldron, chatting merrily with Rosie about Athens, their sex holiday destination, ignoring the charming and distracting store fronts with enticing smells and sounds and window displays. John found himself slowing down more than once to gaze into a window, then hurried to catch up with Rosie and Al. Sherlock, however, seemed unconcerned about keeping up. He stopped to speak with an ancient wizard in nineteenth century Wizarding robes, then with a bloke in form-fitting scarlet robes, and then again with a wizard with a special pocket in his robes where he tucked the end of his beard. He seemed most taken with the turn-of-the-century robes with cape sleeves and astronomical designs stitched into the fabric with silver thread.
John.
“The point is to use your
Winning in the traditional sense - at least - because it was clear that Sherlock won the game of words, though John scored some direct hits and glancing shots of his own.
“Al told me at the last minute that the women were doing Muggle,” she answered. “And I had to find something short enough for the parachute harness.”
And some time in the sun.
?” hissed John, leaning over just after one of the bludgers came dangerously close to the row of spectators.
“The castle has obviously gone downhill since Mummy was here.”
John laughed. As nervous as he’d been when Sherlock had dragged him up here, he couldn’t help but be a bit turned on by the thought of shagging Sherlock on this particular bed. It was a bit of a holy place – rather like having sex in a church.
Greg knew. He knew for years before he and Molly dared broach the subject. He'd always known when Sherlock was content, and he hasn't had reason to question Sherlock's happiness in many years. He was uncomfortable at first, with the idea, and the reality, but it melted away when the children came, and when Sherlock handed him the keys to the manor house, and tucked himself away in a little cottage with John.
“All yours now, John Watson,” he said. “From the top.”
“Hello, Dr. Watson,” said Holmes, and John felt the scrutiny of his gaze as he stood there waiting. Seemingly satisfied with whatever it was he observed in John, Holmes pointed to his foot – the same one John had examined several weeks earlier. “I saw a doctor in London, as you suggested, but the toe’s been causing me some discomfort and I’d appreciate you taking another look.”
there was something he was hiding, keeping buried.
He had heard music as he approached  - he was sure of it – but when he’d reached the door, there’d been nothing but silence from within. He’d stayed there in front of the door, listening, for several minutes, but didn’t hear anything again.
“Well, it didn’t exactly go as planned,” Molly said as John sank gratefully onto the bench beside her. “I’d hoped to get him interested in working the earth in the beds around the maze and planting some of the bulbs Greg’s got waiting. Maybe even carrying some of the smaller paving stones. But he took one look at the maze and that was that. He latched on to Greg like a puppy dog – I think I could have danced naked in front of him and he’d only have had eyes for Greg and his menagerie.”
And Sherlock, fortunately, in the mood to talk.
“Sherlock – did you ask Harry if he owns an owl or did you just poke about in his things while he was out of the room?”
He said the words softly – a contemplation more than an accusation – but John held his stance, and his gaze, biting back the reflex to ask what the
Sherlock shrugged. It was an old argument, and he only had the one hive now and it hardly kept him away from John at all. Besides, his arms and hands were so accustomed to stings he hardly felt them anymore.
- before plucking out the notes in time with the left-handed playing.
“I’d be surprised if they aren’t checking it out,” John admitted. “There’s no question that his heart was weak, and had I thought there any possibility he’d had this particular activity on his mind, I’d have advised against it. Strongly. But that being said, it was a risky activity, but not one certain to result in a massive coronary. And what’s the motive? What could Irene Adler personally gain by killing a disabled general?”
John’s hand trembled. He looked up to find both Mrs. Hudson and Billy still staring at him expectantly.
had happened. He refused to pity the man even though Mycroft, he realised, didn’t need or want his pity, only his forgiveness.
“Finish the game, Sherlock,” he said. He looked up and met the other man’s eye. “Your move.”
hand, you know,” she said. Then she squeezed his shoulder. “I’ll leave you to it, then.”
Sherlock laughed. His eyes traveled down John’s body to his cock, which was very definitely plumping up again. “She wasn’t injured on the battlefield, John. She was shipped here to recuperate – she brought two trunks with her. Sadly – when she escaped, most of her possessions remained behind. Fortunately, I was able to remove the more damaging ones – to save her reputation, of course.”
John, long exposed to persons with all categories of illness and injury, recognized defense mechanisms such as these. Still, he felt a duty to fulfill his professional role.
“I can’t believe you have button envy.”
“I’d rather be missing a leg or an arm.”
“Three.”
And it was difficult to say, looking at Lestrade’s opus, what the creative process was exactly, how Lestrade started, and what followed what. Lestrade was damaged by the war, and this garden could be nothing but the man’s healing therapy. Was he giving life to a battered village? Bringing back comrades from the dead? Restoring beauty to the England he’d loved? Was it in homage to a lost loved one? Or was he vanquishing shadows in his mind, changing regiments of soldiers into fanciful birds and mythical creatures of power and light? Throwing light on dark shadows, knowing that demons are more threatening, more menacing, when locked away from the sun?
He let the statement go without comment, and Sherlock settled into the wheelchair, covered his telltale curls with the old man’s hat, and pulled the coverlet up over his legs, letting his shoulders hunch forward.
He hadn’t asked Lestrade more questions, although there were dozens churning through his mind, questions that kept him awake most of the night, and plagued him the next day as he made his rounds and struggled to complete his notes with his nearly-useless dominant hand and his sore and swollen right.
Sherlock sat up on the bench, still examining the hand tool.  He gazed across the garden, over John’s shoulders.
The Day Before the Deal
“Um,” said Scorpius, breaking the apparent silencing spell.
“Right. Which is why we were married in a church.”
Annie didn’t wait for a take-your-leave, disappearing as soon as Mrs. Hudson dropped the newspaper on the chair beside her and stood. She eyed John, clearly taking in his rumpled trousers, and he bent to smooth them like a chagrined schoolboy when he caught the direction of her gaze.
“You should have a couple of new toggles hanging in front of you now, Sherlock. You can use them to maneuver horizontally.”
John smiled wryly. What Mrs. Hudson failed to understand was that, despite the civilian clothes, he was an officer in the British Army and this was his assignment. Complaining about conditions here would get him nowhere – he might be the only man in the King’s service who actually preferred the impossible conditions of a field hospital to solid stone walls two hundred years old and regular hot meals. Abandoning his post would leave him AWOL and eventually court-martialed or worse.
ooOOOoo
Molly kept her eyes fixed on Sherlock as she answered John, her voice measured. “He’s not upsetting me, John, though for some reason he’s certainly trying quite hard to do so.” She paused, narrowing her eyes as Sherlock turned away and looked out through a clear panel in the window, casually thrumming his fingertips against his thigh.
“Wait – honorees? What are you talking about?” John frowned and looked suspiciously at Sherlock. “What exactly haven’t you told me yet, Sherlock?
This one took quite a bit longer than I anticipated - posting schedule should get back to weekly or better from  here forward.
A chime sounded to alert them they’d reached altitude and to prepare for the jump.
Had he not been so utterly tied up in the problem of Sherlock Holmes, he’d not have mistaken Molly’s affections for simple friendship.
Minerva’s eyebrows shot up. “And where is Mr. Potter?”
John shook his head “Not by me – seems like I just found out too.”
kind of life - out of cover of darkness?
“We didn’t know he had
But these days, Sherlock spent very little time in the music room.
“Is the second plane right behind us? What if they’re below us and we jump on top of the others?” John asked.
“I’ll never do it again – I’ll stay celibate – my entire life! Hagrid naked with egg in his beard, Hagrid naked with egg in his beard, Hagrid naked….”
“What do you mean you hoped she’d work well with me? What are you saying, Sherlock?” He stopped, frowning as he remembered something. “Unattached?” He turned to look at Molly, who’d given up even trying to speak. “What has
Sherlock was the last to land, as he delayed his fall by several minutes with the flamingo chute.
“I suggested we send for his mother.” Minerva’s voice was icy. “I admit, having had time to consider, that bringing in his mother might traumatize him given that she’s well into her sixties now.”
John frowned at Sherlock and spoke into the phone. “Would you like us to be there, Mycroft?” he asked.
“Yea!” exclaimed Mycroft. He skipped a few paces then looked over his shoulder back at John. “What’s a Burrow?”
“Ginny Potter is sleeping with Scorpius Malfoy,” Sherlock informed John as their train left the Littlehampton station. John glanced up at Rosie and Al, but they were several rows ahead of them and couldn’t possibly hear the conversation.
Mycroft knows people – the right people – and he knows his brother, and he knows John Watson. In the space of four days, he culls through the properties that his people present him and personally chooses the best twelve. He studies the listings, the photos, consults maps, researches the towns and villages nearby, and on the fourth day presents a folio of potential properties to Sherlock.  He’s included one that’s an absolute no, and another probably-not, but has done so intentionally so that Sherlock can roll his eyes and toss it aside. But the remainder are all viable. While Sherlock pushes the plan forward, he begins preliminary work to assess each potential site from a security vantage.
“Ridiculous.” Sherlock scooted his queen diagonally. “Check.”
Sherlock is not going to the Met gala - and Mycroft can't make him.
the gardens. And I don’t recall ever seeing him outside when I was a child.”
“Hmmm,” answered Severus as he pointed his wand upward and doubled the size of Sherlock’s pink parachute.
“Alright. It’s unusual to have an owl for a pet but not unheard of. Where was this owl, anyway?”
John folded the pillow, using his left forearm as support, then worked it under the convulsing man’s head, checking his watch. Drool immediately stained the pillow cover. He’d probably soaked the carpet already, but John didn’t care a whit about that. The man was breathing – there were no apparent obstructions. They’d just have to wait it out. He bit back the soothing noises that rose in his throat, threatening to escape into the room, rested his hand firmly on his own thigh, for it wanted to run down the crest of the man’s hip, soothe the muscles of his back as the tremors died.
“Quite a bit?” John couldn’t think of anything more clever to say. He could have raged back at Sherlock, denied it all, called him crazy, but there was something, some little nugget of anticipation, of curiosity, of
John shook his head. “Not this time,” he said. “Why don’t you tell me about your brother.”
“You were feeling the scar,” Sherlock reminds him because it’s true and it bears saying. He takes a deep breath of courage as the locked doors in his mind palace dissolve into dust and when he speaks again, his voice is barely audible. “And I forgave Mary because I loved you.”
Sherlock fingers the scarf, looks at John, puzzled, but when he lifts it over his head to wrap it around his neck, he pauses, then bends to bury his nose in it. His eyes close, and when he opens them again, they are soft and full of something John can’t name but that takes some of the weariness he’s been carrying from his face.
John had fallen onto his back, but paused in his protesting to appreciate the cool down coverlet on the rather perfect mattress.
“Sherlock – sit down.”
John swept the torch beam over the tunnel again. He could barely make out a supporting structure of sorts at the edge of the beam’s reach - rough-hewn wood with supporting ceiling beams. It was more passageway than crude tunnel, appearing high enough for a man to walk through without stooping, and just wide enough for two men to stand side by side.
“Fine – I’ll humour you. Not much else to do this time of night other than sleep.”
“Does your brain ever stop?” John asked, exhausted from trying to follow all of these hairpin conversational turns.
As much as he wanted to know what the
“No she didn’t,” Sherlock corrects, eyes still on the prize he’s scored by beating John up the stairs and meeting a haggard-looking Rosie at the door, having left John to navigate the stairs on his own after calling back “Take your time with the stairs” as he raced up two at a time. He brushes the soft wisps of brown hair back from the baby’s forehead and traces his finger along the scant hairline.
Suddenly, Sherlock stopped and grabbed John’s arm.
thought John. This is the face of studied, learned discipline.
Sherlock looked at John curiously as John stepped forward, still cradling his hand against his shirt. “There’s more wrong with Sherlock than the epilepsy. His brain injury has affected his ability to do the job he was doing before – he can’t process information like he used to.”
John, on the other hand, functioned as medical doctor not only for the patients, but for all of the staff when problems or emergencies arose. Someone needed to know where he was at all times, so he could be fetched and consulted. Even if playing a quiet game of chess with Sherlock, there was always the possibility that Mrs. Hudson would knock on the door, summoning him or advising him of a pressing emergency.
“He practically did a pirouette,” John said with a smile. “He threw out his back jumping up and down in giddy excitement.”
Still, the fanciful maze hedge stayed with John, and the derelict play area, and the never-seen pond with the swing in the oak tree. And quiet, reserved Greg Lestrade, whistling as he worked the garden.
“IT’S OUR SONG!”
“Right." Buzz kill and he hadn't even begun.
“Speaking of Captains and teams. That’s something I ought to address.”
“So you play violin as a hobby? I’m surprised by that. The piece you were playing was so elegant.”
John stilled, and then leaned back on Sherlock’s lap. He let his hands rest on Sherlock’s sides, thumbs rubbing lovingly against the flannel fabric. “Was it all right, then?” He chewed on the inside of his cheek.
“All right, Shezza. Sounds like a hell of a date.”
“Jawn. Why are you leaving me?” Sherlock slumped in his seat until he could snuggle into the crook of John’s neck. “I don’t want you to go.”
“It’s good to be home, Sherlock.”
Dad was right.
“Sherlock, I would be honored.” She was beaming down at him from the stage. “Did you have something specific in mind?”
Sherlock loosened his scarf as he settled into his seat on the plane, plucking a paper from the sleeping man next to him. He put in his headphones and slid his bag underneath his chair, crossed his legs in the small space the seat in front of him allowed, and unfolded the paper. He couldn’t stifle the laugh coming from his lips at the sight of the headline.
He slipped under the covers and watched the rise and fall of John’s chest. He wrapped his arm around John’s middle, scooting a bit closer to him under the covers. Sherlock kissed John’s temple, the sleep-mussed hair above his forehead, his eyebrow, the shell of John’s ear. John stirred, curling his fingers around Sherlock’s arm. Slowly, his eyes blinked open, nearly opalescent from the lamplight pouring in the window. “Hi,” he whispered, his voice husky from sleep.
There was a solid knock at the door and Jane squealed. She ran to answer it, making no effort whatsoever to hide her delight. She swung the door open and her chest made a tiny leap. John had a hand in Sherlock’s hair, attempting to calm a wild chunk of curls. Sherlock was grumbling, swatting at John’s wrist.
He turned from the small bed back to Watson. The look on his face was nothing short of terrifying, in the best possible way. His eyes were dark, pushing the sea blue only to the very rims of his pupils. The doctor had a crooked, devilish grin set on his beautifully structured jaw, clenched just slightly, and Sherlock felt so much like prey. He had never felt so feasted upon in all his life. He knew then that Captain wasn’t only a term used during the day job; Sherlock deemed it worthy of escaping his lips if this is what John looked like before ravaging a man. He could easily see himself shouting it out mid-climax, John Watson thrusting between his pale, spread knees, fucking him senseless. Sherlock felt blood relentlessly pour between his hips, and watched as the captain extended his index finger in a come-hither fashion. Without giving his mind the proper time to process, his feet stepped forward until he was sharing John’s air. Watson laced a finger through one of Sherlock’s belt loops, tugging him until the detective’s hard on was resting solidly against the doctor’s waist. John gave a chuckle, palming Sherlock through his trousers. The detective let slip a delicious gasp. Then the doctor’s breath was hot on Holmes’ neck. “Mmm, clever Sherlock. You think you’re the only one that knows how to get exactly what they want?” Sherlock felt faint. Jesus Christ, was he actually going to pass out? His lips began to tingle. “Don’t think I’m oblivious. They don’t call me Three Continents Watson for nothing,
John pulled away just enough to look Sherlock in the eye. He searched them a long time. He found no trace of fear or doubt, and very little pity. "Thank you."
He squeezed her hand where it rested on his knee. “Yeah. I might start with a bath.”
She knew these days. They were cruel and bitter; the tiniest thing could set one in motion: waking up late, foul weather, an argument with a significant other, another bill she couldn’t pay. Normally, she could talk herself out of it. Most days that started poorly got better the minute her feet hit the stage. But if it wasn’t “most days,” the frustration mounted and echoed in every muscle, every thought, every movement, and magnified that thought. It no longer felt like one tiny thing, but a million gargantuan, impossible threats. Those sorts of days were a nightmare; she had never witnessed Sherlock having one.
Callum knew he would cry. This was his wedding day. He was a sap and a softie and everyone who knew him knew it. The sight of John Watson in a suit was nothing unheard of. John Watson with intentionally mussed hair and a moss green bowtie was slightly unusual, but still a possibility. John Watson as a borderline emotional wreck, however, was a rarity indeed, at least to the public. Callum’s eyes found his best man’s, and he could see the tears. Even if John had been miles away, Callum would still see them.
John originally believed him to be. To sit and watch him dance for hours on end would be a most excellent way to spend his free evening, especially compared to rotting in front of the telly or purchasing another book on his kindle, only to crash ten minutes into it.
“Sherlock seems to think so.”
“Captain. It’s a pleasure to finally meet you.” John felt his ears go red. He knew he was a captain? Sherlock had talked about him. To other people.
“What, in fact, does Sherlock Holmes get off on?” John planted a love bite on the inside of Sherlock’s right thigh. His better half gasped, then those long fingers were grasping at John's hair. Watson's ego continued to swell, confidence pouring out of his mouth and into his cock.
.” The pale, gorgeous topography of Sherlock’s body was pulled taut. John growled deep in his throat at the sight of Sherlock’s face twisted up in pleasure; his eyebrows were pitched high in the middle of his brow, mouth slack and open, and his chest was swelling with his frantic breathing.
to feel the salt water sink into sand
“No,” she replied honestly, tracing patterns across John’s abdomen.
“Well, yes. Yes, I do.”
He was fucking gorgeous. The man could wear anything: a postman uniform, a moth-eaten cardigan, a paper sack, and he would leave John breathless. As it were, the cable knit jumper, sinfully fitted burgundy jeans and black Supras were doing just as fine a job. Sherlock smiled, pulled his beanie farther down onto his head, and leaned forward to John’s ear.
John rolled his eyes, kissed the brows of his future husband, and plucked the fortune from his fingers. He walked into the kitchen and placed it on the fridge next to a photo of the two of them, wrapped up in coats and scarves. He secured it with a small magnet.
“Aren’t you looking dishy.” John turned as quickly as he could, considering, as his eyebrows shot up. He blinked several times, his eyes clearly struggling to focus.
“I vow to put body parts in containers before storing them in the refrigerator.” A wave of laughter swept through the crowd, and John smiled, pleased to know others appreciated Sherlock's morbidity and love for the odd as he did. “I vow to wash my own socks, since you cannot properly pair them, replace the earl grey when we run out, with my favorite brand as it is better, and to wash the tub after experiments. I vow to try to remember things of significance, like your birthday or our anniversary, to pick up take away on evenings you are particularly cross with all the world, and to mute the telly when you go to bed.” Their life flooded in front of John’s eyes: what a perfect one it was. “John…” Jawn. God, yes, even now. “I vow to look after you, take care of you and protect you, as long as you are alive and breathing on this earth. I vow to do my best to never take advantage of your kindness—“ John scoffed. “generosity, and forgiveness. I vow to listen before I dissect your words and thoughts. But more than anything else, John Watson, I promise to remain the man you have always known and have always loved. You have endured a lifetime of hardship, war and tragic loss, but through all things, remained the same. I vow to be a rock solid foundation you can lean against, to love you and cherish you for everything you were, everything you are, and everything you are yet to become.” John swiped his handkerchief over his face, eyes smiling at Sherlock. The lithe fingers now held a silver band instead of a menthol cigarette from a past-life, and with these, he slid the ring over John’s knuckle, bringing it to rest in its new home.
“I’m sorry?”
Obviously Molly and Callum are very familiar with Harriet's death. More to come on the aftermath.
date for that matter. Was this a date? He sighed, exasperated. Yanking out his mobile, he thumbed out a text.
“No.” John spoke to the ground. “He wasn’t that great.”
“It’s going to be okay, Aaina. I’m going to fix you right up.” John’s voice cracked at the end, as he absorbed the irony of the situation. Aaina meant mirror. He opened his medical kit and got to work.
Holmes studied John curiously. “Why would you assume I would be opposed to the idea of marriage?”
John was twisting the deadbolt of his door when he caught sight of the white tip of an envelope in his letterbox. He plucked it up and turned it over in his hands.
“Please, John. Everyone was impressed, including me, and you are fully aware of it.”
John’s stomach gave a twitch of anxiety. He gave Sherlock’s shoulder a tight squeeze, and walked onto the patio.
The man turned his attention from his plate to John. His hair was wilder tonight, somehow. Longer maybe, but not pushed as far back from his face. Soft ringlets were starting to form near his ears. He wore a white t-shirt that dipped low into his chest, exposing the lovely construction of his sternum and collarbones. Sherlock’s eyes widened a bit, and the right corner of his mouth pulled into a half-smile.
“For saving my life, you idiot.”
adjective
He wandered back into the sitting room and sat cross legged in front of John. Sherlock noted the amount of water left in the glass; John had already taken a few sips. He tenderly pulled a sock off John’s foot began to rub his thumbs into the arch. He applied pressure to the icy extremity in an attempt to get his blood circulating properly again. John mumbled incoherently, his head falling back to rest against the back of the chair. That was a good sign. Sherlock removed the other sock, gave his left foot a quick rub, and then took the glass and placed it on the coffee table. He crawled up onto his knees between John’s thighs and caressed his kneecaps gently with his thumbs.
“If it helps, I’ve done long term relationships, like… forever. Seriously. My friends have dubbed me
When Tim gets out of the cab, he feels his hands slip of the door handle, he feels a drop of sweat make its way from his forehead, to his right temple and his cheek to finally fall down on his collarbone. He steps on to the sidewalk and stares at the famous green door.
“Hey, are you okay?”, once they were outside Rosie took Tim's hand and placed it on her shoulder. She looked up to his eyes and saw that they were still filled with embarrassment and fear. She laughed a bit when Tim looked at her and gave her a look, which said enough on its own. “You know, I think it went well, or at least as well as it could have gone. I could tell they liked you. They just didn’t want to show it.” “Well, then they can hide it really, really, really well, Rosie. I’m pretty sure they only made fun of me…” He looked sad, and she almost felt bad for him, almost, if wasn’t also really funny to see him like this. God, she was mean, the man she loved felt humiliated and all she could do was laugh. She gave in to her urge and laughed. First Tim looked at her accusingly, but then he started to join her.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tim sits down on the couch, shifting anxiously, and Sherlock looks at him from his chair. He knows what's coming, it's perfectly obvious, even John could see it. Why would anyone go to the parents of his long-time girlfriend this nervous right before a get-away to a country most famous for its romance. But Sherlock says nothing and just waits for John to bring the tea.
When Rosie and Tim return from the movies, Rosie asked if he wants to stay for dinner.
“Uhm, hello Rosie, you still with us?” Timothy looked a bit worried at her. “Yes, just lost in thought.” “So, can I please come with you? I want to meet the people who gave the world so much beauty.” She laughed and kissed him. “Fine, but I should warn you, they are weird. Like super weird, lovely, but weird.” He laughed and took her hand. “Well, luckily, I am too!”
“We like you, Timothy, we really do. And we know you can make Rosie happy and take care of her. We are never wrong, or at least I never am.” Sherlock answered, and John smiles at the look of affection on Sherlock’s face, and knows they have made the right decision. Tim would make Rosie happy; Tim would make them happy. “Right, well, this calls for another cup of tea, I’ll put the kettle on.”
“Really, get a room.” “I thought this was our room? Certainly, is our house, don’t you think, John?” “Yes, I agree. Our house, our kitchen, our room. Come here, love.” John leaned back into Sherlock to kiss him again when Tim entered the room looking uncomfortable. “Hello doctor Watson. Hello mister Holmes.” “Can Tim join us for dinner, dad?” Rosie looked so innocent you would almost believe this wasn’t exactly what she planned to get back at them. “Fine, take a seat Tim. We’re eating risotto.” John walked back to his pan of risotto on the stove, looking a bit thrown off, and Sherlock pulled his hands through his dark curls to make it a bit decent again.
And now, he is going to ask to be part of that family forever. He feels nervous, he is scared for the rejection, for the humiliation. He is scared to be outcasted again, he has worked so hard for their trust and it all comes down to this moment. This is the moment of truth. Tim takes a deep breath and walks to the door. He takes another deep breath and rings the bell. No answer. Ring again. No answer. They're home, he sees that the door knocker was straight, which, Rosie had taught him, means that at least John is home.
Ring again. Now he hears a person stumbling down the stair, followed by a rumbling of some locks and finally the door opens. It's John, standing in a robe too big for him with messy hair and a smile like a teenager. “Oh, hey Tim, uhm you are kinda getting us at a bad time. Can you come back later?” John tries to decency his hair by pulling his hand through it, which makes his robe open up, so he has to grab his robe and close it again. “Well, if you don’t mind, I really really have to talk to you both. And we’re leaving tomorrow morning.” Tim is too nervous to notice the clear signs and John sees there was something bothering the guy.
“Thank you, John. I wanted to talk to you both, before we went on the trip. I, uhm, I want to ask you something. I… You know Rosie and I have been dating for 4 and a half years now, and, uhm, I love her very much. I mean I could not imagine my life without her. I love her, and I, I want to spend the rest of my life with her. Hmm, yes, yes, so what I’m trying to say is that, …, I, I want to marry your daughter. If I can, I mean. I’m asking for your blessing to, uhm, propose to Rosie.” Tim looks up to the two impressive men sitting in front of him. He feels as if he's going to die, right here, right now.
They walked on the side walk laughing, which attracted a few looks from some tourists but they didn’t care. “I’m pretty sure at one point your father implied that I’m a virgin, who only wants to shag you. And that ‘getting ice-cream’ was a cover.” Timothy managed to get out a few words before bursting out in laughter again.
“I’m honestly not surprised; did I ever tell you what they did to my ex? They got him ended up in a mental hospital, because my father ‘deduced’ he was going to die any day now?! He definitely was not; he was just an arsehole.” “They did not!” “Hmm, totally did, still don’t regret it either. Though, I don’t either…” They laughed even harder.
(See the end of the chapter for
This is the first fic I've ever written, so it probably isn't very good. If you have tips, or anything, please let know! I would love to know what you think!
Tim feels as if he's going to throw up, and it doesn’t help John takes a long time cleaning up. After what feels like an hour, it probably wasn’t though, John comes down again now fully dressed and decent. “Come in”
John watched as Sherlock sat in his chair, screaming at the telly for thinking the women killed her husband. He loved to watch him, even after the 20 years since they had first kissed. He thought about that night often, the first night after ‘the incident’ with Euros, Sherlock was upset and John had hugged him to comfort him. Somehow, they ended up kissing and the next morning would be the first of the many more to come.
He smiles when he thinks about it now, about how they had acted. There had happened a lot in the time between that first interrogation and now, and they had now welcomed him into the family. He thinks about the first dinner, where he had seen how much love there was in this family, and to think he hadn’t even met Molly, Harry, Greg and Mycroft at that time. The amount of jokes, playful teasing and laughter was overwhelming for everyone who came from a cold and shallow family.
The sound of the door opening and voices that came with it, interrupted his train of thought.Rosie was home. “She’s with her boyfriend” Sherlock had looked up from the telly and turned it off. “Sorry, what” John asked, still a bit absent. “She. Is. With. Him.” Sherlock looked up to John and smirked at his irritated face. “Yes, I heard you, love. Are you sure?”. Before Sherlock could answer the door swung open, and Rosie entered with a handsome young fella by her side. “Hi dad, hi father! This is…” “Timothy Durling” Sherlock had cut her off and walked around him.
He still remembers the first time he saw the door, now almost exactly 4 years ago. He remembers walking up to the door, with a nervous and excited Rosie by his side. He sees himself walking up the staircase, so nervous himself he would’ve rather just fallen down and broken his leg than taking another step. But he took the other step, and every step after that until he was at the door. Rosie had told him what he should definitely not say, but he had only half listened, to busy with gathering the courage of walking up the stairs. When Rosie opened the door, he saw them for the first time; the famous detective and his doctor. He didn’t remember what happened next, it was all just a blur, although he remembers Sherlock saying something about the old condom in his wallet.
4 years after the first meeting and dinner, Tim goes to Baker Street to ask John and Sherlock a big question.
Sherlock still hated food, and he always thought of it as just a fuel. According to him there just was no point in making it delicious. For him food is food, however John loved to cook. Since they were together, Sherlock began to eat more and more, just to watch John cook. He loved to watch him sing along softly to the music coming from the speakers while slicing the carrots. He loved it when John was stirring the risotto, while absentmindedly moving his hips along with the rhythm. He even loved it when John dropped a pot, and swore loudly.
“May I ask, mister Holmes, how did you know my last name? When we came in, I mean.” He had gathered the courage to speak at least, and Sherlock looked up to him, surprised he spoke after that afternoon. “He probably deduced your family history or something, right father?” Rosie answered, since Sherlock just stared at the boy. Sherlock stood up, gave his plate to Rosie, gave John a kiss on his cheek and said; “Nope, just follow you on Instagram, Rosie.”
Hope you liked it!
(See the end of the chapter for
John knew. Of course, he knew. He knew that Sherlock was only pretending to read a book, and he loved it. It was for him, he sang along. It was for him he danced. It was even for him that he dropped the pot, just to swear and make Sherlock smile. John turned around, and kissed Sherlock, Sherlock let out a small noise in agreement. He laid down the book on the table and kissed back passionately, pulling John on his lap while not breaking the contact of their mouths.
“Did you have fun at the movies?” “Yes, we, uhm, we saw James Bond, Fly again.” Tim shifted in his chair. “O, is that number 45 or 46?” John had never kept track of those films. He poured some more bouillon on to the rice to make it absorb more liquid. “Awfully inaccurate those movies. He should have died in the first movie, let alone the rest of them.” “Father always says he hates something while he secretly loves them, he has seen them all. Just won’t admit it.” Rosie smiled at her father who looked at her as though she had said something ridiculous. “She is right, you know. Sherlock loves all crime and action films, and then complains they are inaccurate.” “Dickhead” Sherlock murmured under his breath, and pretended to read his book again. “Love you too, darling”, John smiled and Rosie offered Tim a drink.
I'm afraid I have become a little addicted to fan fiction now, so I'm just going to have to keep reading and writing ;)
“Tim, I, we…” John looks at Sherlock and Sherlock looks at John in agreement. “Yes, yes, of course you can marry our bloody daughter! Of course, you have our blessing!” Tim felt the wait lift of his shoulders and transform into wings. He has never been so happy in his life. “Really, o wow, that is, that is such a relieve. You have no idea, I, just, thank you! Thank you so much!” Even Sherlock has to laugh at the excitement of the guy, and he remembers how he felt when he had proposed to John.
Well, so that is the end of my first ever fic. Thank you so much for reading and I really hope you enjoyed it!
“How do you…, you know what? I’m not even gonna ask” Rosie said, she turned to Tim; “I’m just gonna get changed and drop my books upstairs, and then we can get going. You two, behave, please.” She turned to her dads and gave a smirk, that resembled Sherlock's an awful lot. She ran upstairs too scared to see what her dads were going to say. Secretly she loved that they knew everything. She loved to see them impress her boyfriends, just to see how brave they were. But she would never let them know that, she couldn’t, they would be way too pleased with themselves.
Sherlock has a brilliant idea. What can possibly go wrong? Stay tuned, it will continue soon.
Going through his wardrobe, he chose a pair of black jeans - he wasn’t going to waste any of his suit trousers for this - and finished dressing, just in time to hear John’s footsteps on the stairs. Time to check out his opponent, before the reaction of the Yarders would decide the ultimate winner.
Still… Something was commanding about her tone. It had subconsciously caused Irene to lock her phone mid-furious-text. She could respect that. Molly was timid, kind, and ew,
“No, no idea what on earth it’ll be like.”
Sherlock wriggled up in bed and tugged the chain to the lamp. John hissed and covered his eyes. “Sorry,” Sherlock mumbled. John blinked, smiled, and rested his hands in his lap. “Let’s go with the obvious first. Queen and Country?”
John felt Sherlock grin next to him. “Don’t worry. I observed.”
“Always the tone of surprise.”
“What is it, sweetheart?” Though he was truly filthy, she caressed his sweat stained cheek, brown eyes huge on her face.
John looked up at Sherlock, beaming. “How’d you know?”
John laughed, and then had a thought. “Have you met B, then?”
John chuckled. “It’s a silly thing I used to do. Well,
“All of it, really. This biogenetic shit is fucking with my head. I should have chosen a different science elective for my final semester. Microbial Genetics and Biotechnology? You’re right. I am an imbecile.”
Oh, you lucky bastard.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “What is it that you don’t understand?”
He looked as if he hadn’t slept ten of the twelve days they hadn’t spoken. Sherlock felt guilt puncture his lungs.
“Why didn’t you respond?”
“Yes.” John looked up at Sherlock, attempting to keep pace with his long legs. The alcohol seemed to be kicking his arse a bit more than he thought. The eyes that found his were quite not what he expected: wide, dark and quite hungry. John’s pulse quickened as Sherlock held the door to the car open for him.
“Bandages? Wounds? Battle scars?” John laughed at Sherlock’s attempt to cover the look of mild disgust on his face. “No, I’ll be fine. It amuses me… you solve murders and examine and sometimes wreak havoc on dead bodies. But your stomach turns at the thought of changing used bandages. Is it because I’m still alive?” Of course, John had been teasing, but Sherlock stared at him, intense and unwavering. John felt a bit shy under this line of vision, and began to fidget.
“I wouldn’t sleep for days if I didn’t …”
“Yes. 143 of them, to be exact.” Jane winked.
“You’re telling me.” John dug his hands deep into his pockets.
He sat Sherlock down on the closed lid of the loo, and crawled on top of him. He kissed him slowly, evenly, thoroughly. There was no clashing of teeth, no growling or fierceness as John had predicted earlier in the evening. Instead, there was a flicker of heat, burning in them both, and no verbal acknowledgement of it was needed in order to be painfully aware of it. Sherlock’s strong hands were gripping into the dimples at the small of John’s back, dragging his hips in and down. John’s head lolled back in a wordless, soundless gasp as Sherlock made love to his neck. One of John’s hands was tangled in Sherlock’s hair, the other digging gently into the man’s oblique, red marks slowly blooming in the fingers’ wake. The cupids bow planted a soft kiss on John’s sternum before one of Sherlock’s hands freed itself from the clutches of John’s gray pants to run the tap. The sound of water against tile soothed John even further, the humidity beginning to cling to his skin. Sherlock pressed his fingertips against John’s chest, and John followed their inertia, up and off his legs. Sherlock placed John between his still-sitting knees, running his hands along the strong lines of John’s back, sculpted and defined. He placed his cheek against John’s abdomen, brushing open-mouthed, reverent kisses along the lines of his body. John hummed quietly, hand twisting into the soon-to-curl hairs at the nape of his neck. Sherlock’s thumbs found themselves resting inside the elastic waistband of John’s pants, Sherlock’s eyes moving upward to find John’s. Their expression was soft, laid open, vulnerable and accepting. Sherlock tugged the pants slowly down John’s legs, savoring the exposure of skin underneath. Pliant kisses were pressed to the inside of each of John’s hipbones. John’s hands found Sherlock’s resting midway down John’s thighs, and he laced their fingers together, giving a small pull upwards. Taking the indication, Sherlock rose to his feet. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist, slipping his hands inside the back of his pants and pulling them down and off. One of Sherlock’s hands was cupping the side of John’s face, covering most of it in its graceful and fascinating enormity, and kissed him tenderly on the mouth. John absently reached for the curtain to the shower, stepping in backwards and pulling Sherlock in with him.
"How dare you threaten me." John whispered.
fantastic hooker, undefeated
Missing you. Feels like forever since we last chatted. What’s new?
“John…”
“He’s rehearsing tonight. He wanted me to handle this in the way I was most comfortable. We’re planning a bit of a get together next week though, so you can meet him then. We’re inviting Irene. The red-lipped thing. Though, I’ll warn you, pretty sure she plays for her own team.”
“Besides, it would take nothing more than your voice to get me there. All you’d have to do is ask.” Sherlock turned right to head toward the main street, John’s mouth agape, staring after him.
“John, are you alright? Do you need to sit down? Water? Pain reliever? What is it?” Sherlock’s face was precious – tired, concerned and his brows were furrowed with worry. John chuckled.
A lovely brunette in a low-cut shirt set two pints down on the table and then wiped her hands on her apron. “Anything else I can get you, darlings?” She tucked a stray piece of hair behind her ear and rested her hands on her hips.
“Oy! He didn’t do it alone, you know,” John mumbled. Sherlock gave a lazy laugh.
“It’s nothing, really. But I didn’t want you to think I was actually as pathetic as you believe me to be.” Sherlock picked up his nearly empty cup and made for the door, dress shoes crunching on the cement.
“She is quite stunning, indeed, John.” Sherlock stretched his arm around John’s shoulders and leaned in to kiss him on the temple. John’s hand found Sherlock’s knee and gave it a firm squeeze.
"I fucked so many things up."
“Sleep well?” John inquired after a few minutes.
“Now?” He felt his eyebrows rocket high on his face. “But it’s mid-afternoon on a Thursday.”
The week passed far too quickly, and once, John and Jane met for lunch. Mostly to discuss how they could assist Molly and Callum in the upcoming months, but also for the company, each struggling with the lack thereof in their own lives: John wishing he had someone and Jane trying to figure out how the hell to be alone, properly. The lunch was wonderful: easy and mellow and honest. Jane drank three cups of coffee in one sitting and John ordered extra chips. And when they parted ways, he gave her a squeeze and she kissed his cheek, and that, as they say, was that.
was pictured with his now-wife. A Christmas card from
“HEY! We
As he stood guard outside the wretched building they called base, he mulled over the words in Sherlock’s letter. “I’m ready for you to be back…” John thought of the thin skin across Sherlock’s wrists, the pale blue of those fierce eyes, the dark curls falling around those absurd cheekbones. He pictured the object of his affection pacing impatiently through the flat, fingers under his chin. Perhaps he has a cigarette lit, or maybe, hopefully, by now Sherlock has quit smoking. Regardless of how attractive he looked in the process, John hoped he would eventually give up the petty addiction. His best friend was a doctor, after all.
“Sorry, do you mind if I go ahead and brush my teeth?” John was never so adamant about brushing his teeth that he would interrupt someone showering. But this wasn’t anyone, of course. It was the delicious Sherlock Holmes, whom John felt he had seen far too little of for being home nearly three weeks.
“Cap,” Egan said hesitantly, “Rhys and I were chatting last night, and we… well, we came up with a new play. We don’t have to use it of course, but it’ll help Jasper get familiar with the forwards.” Egan lifted his chin a bit, trying to portray a bit of confidence, and his long, blonde hair shifted around his shoulders, pushed back from his face in a headband. His hazel eyes revealed a small amount of frustration.
“Of course! Come in, I just put the sauce on.” John shut the door behind Jane, and extended his hand. “May I take your coat?”
“Faster, John.” John dug his fingers into Sherlock’s hips to ground him. The sound of skin on skin was tantalizing.
John sighed. “What do you mean, beat you to it?”
“The Underground, huh?”
John waved a dismissive hand at Callum. He needed air.
Her blue eyes went wide. They shifted back and forth between his own, revealing confusion, frustration, and fear. Slowly, though, the hard edges faded as she dropped her gaze to his chest. Jane placed her hand across the warm fleece of his pullover and found the steady heartbeat. She closed her eyes; her lips pursed together and then, moments later, quirked into a small smile. “I want this,” she whispered, eyes still closed, hand still splayed across his chest, “I want you.” Jane chuckled softly, pressing her palm against B’s ribcage. She opened her eyes and found his. “Your heart is beating faster.”
John took a step back. “Are you finished for the night? I could keep watching another three or four hours, if you need to continue.” He smiled broadly at Sherlock.
“John,” he whispered. “I’ve got you.”
“I do no such thing.”
341 days.
“Forty-five.”
Sherlock turned and kissed John fervently. John grinned at the realization he wanted to devour him. Maybe even whole.
.” The detective wrapped his hands around John’s back and gave each ass cheek a firm squeeze, pulling John’s hips deeper and harder into his. He clearly responded well to John’s foul mouth. Their breathing was ragged; the force of their grinding hips was absorbed by the mattress underneath them. Sherlock asked in broken bits and pieces, “Are you my commander?”
Jane kissed them both goodbye, B waiting patiently on a lower step. “Thank you both, so much, for having us tonight. Sherlock, that dinner was to die for.”
“And both very much uninterested in the opposite sex.”
Surely this punishment had carried on long enough. Sherlock had been waiting to hear from Mycroft for well over a week now. It was getting a bit redundant and had lost its charm. Had it ever had any charm?
“You were asleep on the floor by the sofa. You looked uncomfortable, so I brought you here. Do they really make you sleep in the dirt in the desert? They really are tight-fisted.” Sherlock sipped his tea.
A pretty blonde strolled up to him. She laced her hand around his neck and leaned in: “Dance?” It was a question with a hint of assumption and shit ton of alcohol. John slid off his stool and volunteered to be led through the throng of humans. She was mild at first, keeping her distance and only lacing her knees next to John’s. Then her hands had found his chest, running from his shoulders down to the top of his trousers. John felt a bit warm under his collar as he watched her turn and wrap her long hair in a fist, pressing her hips into his. He wouldn’t reach out to touch her; this wasn’t really his scene. But it was fun, and innocent, and mildly sexy.
"The lion. It's only a line drawing, not fully rendered. Also, no color. Care to explain?"
Go, read, weep, hate me, be a shoulder for John Watson to lean on.
“I’m so sorry, Jane.”
I am enough
He reached for the envelope and opened it carefully, savoring the wrinkle and cracking of the paper coming unglued. Inside, nine sheets of paper were folded and tucked away. He pulled them out one by one:
“You’re doing famously.”
pleasure giver, decent kisser
“He should be—“
Molly turned to wink as she settled in between him and Callum. “These are the best seats in the house.”
Molly watched as Sherlock struggled through his seventh Battement en Rond. They had scheduled rehearsal together, but now she felt tempted to walk out of the theater and let him have the stage.
“Why does it sound so… melancholy in some places?”
“I remember you talking about what beverages you consumed at Stamford’s last house party, and that you had taken a particular liking to this one.”
"I've discovered I'm a huge fan of text tattoos. I didn't want them all to look the same, so I had to get crafty eventually. That one's fairly new. The final piece to the sleeve."
Sherlock nudged John in the arm, as if telling him to stand down. A man with salt and pepper hair and kind eyes made his way to the tape. “Sherlock. ‘Bout time you showed up.”
“He’s quiet.”
The plates had been cleared and John had just finished his second whiskey mix. Molly and Callum were grinning and chatting and everyone around them was alight with their happiness. It was beautiful thing. They were a beautiful thing to witness. The disc jockey brought John a cordless microphone, and he suddenly felt a rush of panic. Is it already time? Had this already happened? My best mate is
- John Mayer
He gently knocked on Sherlock’s door, fidgeting nervously with a loose thread on his jumper. He heard the deadbolt shift and the door swung open. John stepped in to find Sherlock padding softly into the kitchen.
“Captain Watson?”
Sherlock raised a brow, curious.
“Well, shit. Okay. Green it is. Now, do we want it to be earthy or…”
PS - Should I start a running playlist of music that's inspiring this fic?
John’s teeth broke through the close-mouthed smirk, and he winked. “Sherlock. Glad to see me, are we?”
“And – “
“Is that what it was like, Sherlock? When I came home from Afghanistan for my father’s funeral?” The doctor felt a pang of guilt deep in his ribcage. How had he let that terrible place change him so much?
Molly was dancing and planning and exhausted and exhilarated. As the weeks passed and the wedding day grew closer, her love for Callum was reiterated through sweet notes on the mirror, late night love making despite their absolute exhaustion, and the wrapping of their wounds or damaged goods, delicately washed and medicated, sealed with a soft kiss through fresh gauze.
“All right. Is there anyone in particular I should be looking out for? Physical attributes, certain locations, specific habits?”
Nothing. He didn’t want Sherlock to say anything.
John closed his eyes, pressing the new, warm tears down his cheeks.
After he cleaned himself up, he started to search the flat to find his belongings.
snatched it from him, unable to deny his own thirst.
As they walked into the living room, John shook his head.
“Whatever is a man to do…” John taunted.
He felt Sherlock chuckle underneath him. “Don’t apologize, John. I
“Do you carry an extra helmet?”
that she only had her job due to the irrefutable genius of the man she was mocking. He made a mental note to remind her the next time she tossed around a third grade insult.
Sherlock’s mouth dropped open, his eyebrows rocketing near his hairline. “What was I to say?! John hasn’t spoken to me in nearly twelve days, pity me?”
Fuck.
Jane winked mischievously. John grinned, huge and bright, as they took their places on the floor. Jane sat in chair placed dead center of the floor and John stood beside her, his back to her and arms folded across her chest. She crossed her legs, and the song began.
I wish to be in every place the
“Is that so?” She felt a smug smirk possess her mouth in spite of herself.
John felt a bit of toothpaste drip down his chin and he quickly turned back to the sink, red as a cherry.
John sat silently, chewing Sherlock’s words. How was it that this man could make him feel bitter and heavenly simultaneously? It was certainly a skill he had never encountered elsewhere. John knew Afghanistan had made him harder; he couldn’t change that. He was desperately trying to come around and melt a bit, to chip off the icy blocks from his shoulders. By the time he was loose again, they would send him back to hell. On the other hand… Sherlock seemed intrigued, possibly even flustered, by some of John’s newer developments. He was sexier. Sherlock had said that. John felt wet warmth on his throat, then teeth and tongue, playfully nipping at his neck. His lower lip was grazing slowly across John’s pulsing veins. Jesus fucking Christ. An aroused Holmes would kill him before Afghanistan did.
He had planned to rehearse at Marylebone early in the day, staying as late as he deemed necessary in order to accomplish the desired results. However, knowing John’s attendance was now to be accounted for, he felt an odd need to begin later and stay later. Part of him feared that John would decide it was a trivial idea, coming to watch a single man, one he hardly knows, dance for hours on end; how could that possibly serve as an entertaining activity for an ordinary individual? Sherlock shook his head, growling in frustration. He was overthinking this entire situation, he knew. John wouldn’t come if he did not wish to.
shit father, drunk mother
it's been raining here
377 days.
John’s fingers tapped the side of his hot cuppa as he considered the night’s events. It had put things into an entirely new perspective. It was one thing for John to die in Afghanistan… it was almost expected. But for them to be killed by a psychopath in a swimming pool somehow morbidly connected to Sherlock’s childhood was just too twisted. He watched the detective’s chest move with his breathing, watched the sun come up through the makeshift curtains and kiss his exposed skin, and watched the curls around his face dance from his breath. It was time. And John was ready.
ˌənˈərTH/
“Tito, Graham, Izzi, it’s been good.” John couldn’t help but laugh at Sherlock’s use of slang. Sherlock tugged John by a belt loop towards the door. As they waved their goodbyes to Duke and Troy, John saw a car waiting by the docks.
John stared blankly into the mirror, fooling with his tie for the fifth time. His felt as though his nerves were exposed and everything, even the tiniest breath, made his insides lace up tight. He took a deep breath, feeling the gray jacket shrink around him as his chest expanded. There was a quiet rap at the door.
“It’s no one. Listen, I have to go. I’ll talk to you later.” She hung up before he could respond and placed the whiskey bottle back atop the refrigerator where it belonged.
synonyms: particle, iota, jot, whit, atom, speck, bit, trace, ounce, shred, crumb, fragment, grain, drop, spot, modicum, hint, touch, suggestion, whisper, suspicion;
John sucked in a few steadying breaths. He pulled away from Sherlock and turned his back to him, reaching for the Jameson and pouring it down the sink. "It means 'be here.' Callum and I did it together. A reminder to be present. A documentation that Harriet is gone. A promise to move forward." Sherlock watched him shake his head. "It's impossible to do when her death date is staring me in the face." He sat down on the couch and folded into himself. Sherlock brought a blanket and sat next to him. "I miss her."
Jane crossed her ankles in the pew, fidgeting nervously with her dress. The organ started and her heart sank further into her chest, the salt water already gathering at the corners of her lids. She felt a strong hand on her shoulder and turned to see her boss there, dressed dapper as always, tears leaking from him as well. She let out a short sob and squeezed the massive hand on her shoulder before turning back to face the beautifully carved coffin. John placed his arm around Jane’s shoulder and brought her into his chest, holding her tightly.
“Yeah, Cap. What’s he like? Doesn’t he dance? With Molly? That’s a good lookin’ bloke, even I’ll admit it,” B chipped in. John blew out a relieved exhale, and then laughed.
“I just wanted to inform you… Well. I’m quite glad you’re here.”
John knew that Jane Jesep was a woman that loved her job more than anything else in her life. The kids in this room, whether they were aware of it or not, were her number one priority, most days slotting even above her own needs. There had been several late evening conversations about a particularly infuriating situation at school, or nights Jane wouldn’t leave the building until well after seven. She never complained of it; she never seemed as though she would rather be doing something else. Jane was absolutely certain she had the best career in existence, and no one could tell her otherwise. As John watched her with her kids, he put her on the same level as Sherlock and himself – they eat, sleep, and breathe it, would inject it intravenously if it were possible, and even during the off-season, it was still all-consuming, in the most beautiful way.
Watson smiled, melting into his bed, melting into this man, melting into this idea.
“Shit.” Callum always hit the nail on the head.
“It isn’t that riveting of a story.”
John took in the pallor of Sherlock’s skin and the way he was folded slightly at his waist. “Follow me.”
The heat disappeared and Sherlock ghosted a kiss across John’s neck. The audience cat-called. John felt the blush rising to his cheeks.
. To the right was a parlor of sorts that appeared to be hardly used. It dawned on John that Sherlock likely never had company here. He trailed Sherlock further into the house. Down the hall they met the kitchen. It was large and open, white ceramic tile covering all the countertops and serving as a backsplash. A warm grey met the pale tile and made the big space welcoming, even in its vastness.
*For all my none-trekkies out there, I suggest first and foremost that you give it a watch. The original series is my heart and soul. Search for Spock is the third movie in the Original Series films, and is by far my favorite (I adore Spock and everything he is). Next Generation and Deep Space Nine are later generation Star Trek shows. All of them are available on Netflix AS WE SPEAK. So hurry, while we're waiting for season four! Commander Spock is half-vulcan, half-human (Vulcan is an alien race that is founded on the ideals of logic and analysis rather than emotion... sound familiar?) and Captain James T. Kirk is the Captain of the Starship Enterprise. He also happens to be THE most badass man in all of existence. Except John Watson.
“Come off it, Katherine. What do you want?”
“Was that whole ‘conserve my identity’ bit a hoax or what?”
“Ah, but you’ve had six. Certain you still want to continue on? Like you said, I’m a bit of a mess.”
Harry’s voice whispered in the back of his head.
John lazily opened his eyes and glanced up on the stage, now seeing Sherlock with his violin and bow by his sides. He looked… defeated, or disappointed somehow.
“I think you understand now that your admissions office is not located in this building.” Sherlock drawled.
people. He knew how to control them, how to manipulate them, and how to charm them, if ever necessary.
Watson woke up sweating. In an attempt to kick off the covers, he felt weight next to him. He stilled. Deep breaths fell from a body beside his. His first instinct was to shove it off the bed. Cautiously, he readjusted so the light from the window could lend him a hand. John struggled to focus his eyes and felt his body go weak at his realization. A faint “oh…” fell from his mouth.
October passed in a rush, and before John knew it, December was around the corner. St Helens had won every match they played, always ahead by at least 5 tries, and John was thrilled. He had had little time for anything other than practice, sleep, perfecting new plays and travel to and from different places across Europe, simply to kick some ass. Their last match was the week before Christmas, and the boys had all agreed to take a week off in November to be with their families and to regain their humanity before diving headfirst back into six hour practices and scrimmages.
John blushed. “Thank you. I appreciate it. What is it you lot are working on today?” He pulled out the empty chair next to her. John knew that Kirsten was Jane’s favorite student, though she swore she’d kill him if he ever uttered a word of it. John could see why. Kirsten was a great artist, but John also knew she was a girl of fantastic character. Jane had mentioned a time or two that Kirsten had gone through a bit of rough shit; in a way she reminded John a lot of B. Kirsten had every right to fall apart and blame anyone and everyone that crossed her path. But she was brilliant and kind and pure. John smiled at the blonde’s undercut and the tiny glimmer of her tongue ring as she explained the project to him.
John’s hand covered his mouth to stifle a cry. Tears were rolling in steady streams down his cheeks. He was so terribly, painfully, wonderfully human. All this time, tucked under tailored suits and sweeping trench coats and tart, biting words this beautiful creature had known love. And it had been for John. It had always been John.
“Excellent. Tell her I said thank you. I’m sorry I’m not there to help, love.” John could hear Molly on the other line, murmuring something or the other about earning forgiveness. John blushed.
Sherlock looked over his shoulder, a stupid grin on his face.
Sherlock knocked on John’s door, three raps evenly spaced. He took a step back and typed out a message on his mobile. He heard the heavy shifting of the door opening, and glanced up. He felt his chest collapse at the sight of John, awkwardly hovering inside the door.
“This is important!” Anderson slammed his fist onto the table, rattling the teacups.
“I’ve met them,” he clarified. “Well, one of them, anyway. Harry. Divorced, three children, works in law enforcement. Amiable, if you go for that sort of thing. Something odd about him, though.”
They’d not grown up here – Sherlock had talked of visiting, hadn’t he? But the garden behind the gate was clearly set up for children, or had been once. Of course, their father – or mother, perhaps – had grown up here. But why lock up a garden? A play yard?
John dropped onto the ground, cradling his right hand in his lap. Lestrade was still sitting where he’d fallen.
He thought about the invalid again that evening after dinner, long after his encounter with Holmes. He was walking the garden paths, taking his time and enjoying the unusually nice weather, trying to relax shoulders that had tightened over the long day, slowly flexing his left hand, wanting to believe it was stronger, better. Molly thought so – guarded optimism, she said – when she sometimes popped in on him and sat down beside him on the bench and pecked at the keys while he grimaced and showed her a chord or a short key sequence that always made her smile. He’d asked her about Billy’s charge before dinner, but she didn’t know anything more than he did. Like him, she’d been told that there was an additional resident, an invalid, who might require her care or intervention should there be a true emergency, but who had his own caregivers. In all the time she’d spent at Rosethorne, she’d not seen the patient, or been called in to consult.
John was sitting in the middle of the sofa. He had a half-full glass in his hand and was staring at the skull, which he’d set on a kitchen chair directly in front of him. A bottle of very expensive scotch, a gift from a grateful client some months ago, sat on the floor beside his foot. He was wearing the khakis he wore to work, and an extremely old jumper.
“Alright,” Sherlock said. He’d been fiddling with the folio, and he aligned it now so it was precisely parallel to the edge of the table. He glanced at John, a look on his face that John could not interpret. “I suppose we’re going outside, then? I could use some fresh air.”
“How have you been sleeping?” John asked. He sensed Sherlock’s discomfort, and tried to sound conversational.
Now all heads swiveled to stare at Sherlock.
“I’ll accompany you,” Snape offered. “Come, John.”
“I’d hope so,” John answered. “If he settles into the schedule well, and doesn’t have an upswing in the seizures, we can adjust it after a few weeks.”
Al laughed. “No number of buttons can outdo that outfit Sherlock’s wearing. Is that what posh blokes wear to the club?”
“And for that reason, he is back in his room, having lunch with Miss Hooper and resting.” It was Major Sholto who spoke, and John turned obediently to face him, Anderson forgotten. John didn’t interrupt to remind him that Mycroft had said they were setting up the work room as well. “A telephone is being installed in your office today, Captain Watson. The purpose of this line if to communicate directly with you, as you will be the sole point of contact between Sherlock and Miss Hooper and your contact at Bletchley Park. You will be notified in advance of the arrival of a courier. The courier will deliver a package directly into your hands. These deliveries will be frequent but with no regular pattern. The package may be disguised as pharmaceuticals, medical supplies or reports, and the courier, and his vehicle, will not always be the same. Don’t accept a delivery if you haven’t been called ahead and told to expect one. All calls of this matter will be placed between seven o’clock and eight o’clock in the morning.”
“It will be a job,” Molly admitted. “He can replicate it – he’s clearly done so – but he’s pulling it from that Mind Palace of his, and the patterns are absolutely indecipherable. It’s layered – a simple cypher at first, poly-alphabetic, but paired with musical compositions for stress and cadence – so that to decode, to pull out the wheat from the chaff, you have to have sheet music. Specific sheet music.”
He’d hoped that Sherlock’s mind would begin to heal, slowly but steadily, with regular sleep, fresh air, and pleasant diversions from the mind-numbing work he’d been engaged in for so long. And he
Mrs. Hudson, however, hurried away without complaint, happy, John thought, to escape without further discussion of the mysterious invalid. He decided to ask Molly about it – she’d been here longer than he had and got along well with the other staff. Part of him hated to stir things up – caring for invalids was difficult, tedious work and he was rather enjoying spending his free time exploring the grounds and picking at the piano instead of tending to an invalid. Yet another part of him wondered about the locked doors and gates, the sheet music in the music room, and the footsteps he’d heard in the corridor that day Molly had introduced him to the piano.
“What? You can fly too?” Sherlock exclaimed. The world really was unfair.
“Sexual, then,” he said, turning his head just enough to see Sherlock’s profile. He was surprised that his face didn’t heat up, and if he flushed at all, it was from the smile that curled Sherlock’s lip at his correction.
he was feeling this way either.
He’d hated not having a purpose. He’d detested that room with its narrow bed and neutral walls and carpet on the floor and tea kettle with its frayed cord and his too-clean and polished boots arranged heel to heel against the bare wall beside the door.
“So what did she tell you about your grandmother, then?” asked John. As always, he was keeping a sharp eye out for movement of any kind around them, and he spoke softly into the settling evening.
John recognised the voice where he’d not recognised the woman.
John could have told anyone as much. If forced to quantify, to order people and possessions in terms of value, of deemed worth, Rosethorne would only top Mycroft’s list because the manor filled a purpose and offered the necessary seclusion to further veil already secret operations. It was remote, sparsely staffed, fenced and gated. That it had monetary value was a bonus, but not of great importance to him. That it was a long-standing Holmes family holding mattered not for sentimental reasons, but for the social recognition that came with the land.
“Bubble-head?” Lily had definitely spiked Sherlock’s interest. “What exactly does that do?”
“Why doesn’t she have slits in her dress like we do?”
than the obvious!”
“That hand is weak, John, not crippled,” Sherlock said, his voice a very gentle scold, as if reminding him that in the grand scheme of things, he had very little to complain about. “And besides, you have two hands. Surely you could toss a stone with your right?”
The second thing he saw Sherlock’s face.
“We’ll jump together, then. I’ll hold your hand.”
No one said much about Sherlock and John living together in Hawthorne Cottage. There were two spacious bedrooms with two comfortable beds, each room neat as a pin and with little outward sign of whose room was whose. Two cupboards in two bedrooms held two distinctive sets of clothing - tailored suits and crisp shirts filled one, comfortable trousers and warm cardigans the other. The office was more chaotic – Sherlock’s side was a riot of papers and detritus from one new endeavor or another, while John’s small desk held a few medical texts and a stack of writing journals that even Sherlock wasn’t allowed to touch.
“Very,” she said.
He left without further comment, feeling both drained and triumphant, like he had just survived a great test, a dangerous test and certain that Mycroft Holmes, like his brother, was much, much more than he seemed.
“Since the roof fell in on him – oh – you wouldn’t know about that, would you?” John looked back and found her staring at the man, concern – and something more – affection, perhaps? – evident in her eyes. “That was before Christmas, and Mycroft – Mr. Holmes – had him brought here from London in February, just after….” She trailed off, apparently unsure how much she should divulge.
had things to do too. Cleaning, for instance. And shopping for Mrs. Hudson. And baking the shortbread. And while he was out shopping, why not just buy the damn shortbread then meet Greg for a few pints while someone
“Do you really care whether Hamish is or isn’t?” John asked. “He’s rather brilliant no matter if he rides a broom or just sweeps with it.”
“He’d gone some time without one. I was disappointed to learn he’d succumbed again.”
Sherlock looked puzzled. “What do you mean? It’s a simple request, isn’t it?”
As Sherlock didn’t reply, he did another quick three-fingered round of Three Blind Mice.
Sherlock grimaced but didn’t move. He drew his knees up even closer to his chest, arms encircling them and staring at John with a disinterested and silent resignation John did not believe for a heartbeat.
His voice carried down the corridor. He was no longer whispering, no longer able to contain the exuberance of his discovery.
“And that’s surprising, is it?” asked Molly. While John could tell she was fascinated by Sherlock, she wasn’t taken with him in the same way John had been when they’d first met. She was testing him – drawing him out. And Sherlock was acting extraordinarily odd. It almost seemed as if he was deliberately provoking Molly.
got it right. Unbelievably so.
“And this cottage you mentioned? Hawthorne, was it?”
It was always my intent to finish this, and snow overnight and nowhere I had to be today presented the perfect opportunity.
Sherlock ignored him. He plucked his jacket from the back of a chair and shrugged into it, but John, stubborn John who most definitely knew when to not step on an armed land mine, didn’t let it go.
Mycroft Holmes smiled. His finger tapped the table. He studied John intently, and John shifted uncomfortably under the scrutiny.
Molly knew, though she rarely saw them touch each other - nothing more than a glancing, accidental brush of fingers. She saw it in John's eyes, and in the way Sherlock deferred to him like he deferred to no one else on earth. Some things simply could not be hidden. She knew, but never said, and sometimes wondered if she and Greg could ever love each other as truly as Sherlock loved John and John loved Sherlock.
The detective began tightening around John and Sherlock spilled over, crying out John’s name (Jawn… there is nothing more perfect in this universe than the sound of his name during his climax), was there an “I love you” in there, too? And John moved to deep, slow thrusts, melting into an all-consuming orgasm; Sherlock was the sun and around him, tiny galaxies burst into existence. He bit the soft skin on Sherlock’s ribs, his fingers digging deep into the detective’s thighs as he slowly came back to Earth.
“John—”
Sherlock closed his eyes again and drown in the warmth of the lights, the smell of earl grey, the sweat dripping down his legs and that deep, impenetrable blue of John's eyes.
going to say you are breathtaking. Before you interrupted me.” He winked and Jane gave his hand a squeeze.
“You… you think I have a nice ass?”
“Agreed. Now, about those experiments…”
John listened for a few minutes more, in awe, and once the piece seemed to be coming to an end, he rapped on the wood of the doorjamb. “Do you mind if I interrupt?”
of Scotland Yard. The kiss was fierce; heavy with appreciation and graditude; it was laced with a quiet, desperate kind of want. Sherlock released John and kept his hold on the lapels of his coat. John stared at him in shock, soaking in the fact that, had there been any question to anyone about them before, it was answered just now. He forced himself to furrow his brow and look stern.
There was a knock at the door and John opened it, lazy grin spreading across his face at the sight of two of his favorite people.
What followed left Sherlock in a state of absolute disarray. Had his lungs collapsed? A regular movement had suddenly become a sensual one as John shrugged out of his flannel, shoulders moving in perfect synchronization, and as it slid off his arms, John caught it deftly in his right hand, slinging it over his shoulder like a coat jacket. He turned to one side, feet moving in quick steps across the concrete, locking his knees, ankles, hips. He found Sherlock’s eyes, and winked menacingly before gliding across to Chachi, dropping the shirt in her hands. She raised her eyebrows, obviously impressed and whistled loudly. Sherlock bit his lip as John found new ways to excite him – the tiniest flicker of the flesh of his abdomen as his joints locked solidly into position and out again, the absolute teasing expression on his face as he danced, the confidence radiating off him in waves. His form was untouchable, bias or none, and the ring of people spread out, gave him more room, whistled, hollered, yelled, clapped, mobile after mobile reaching up above the person in front of them, recording him. He slowly began working his way closer to Sherlock. The want running through Sherlock’s veins was scalding him alive; John Watson as a rugby captain was enticing alone. John Watson as a man was a beautiful, perfect enigma to be solved in the most delicate and thorough of ways. John Watson as a sexual being was, thus far, mind-blowing, tantalizing, and stark. John Watson as a dancer was a gift Sherlock had not believed he would ever witness, sharp and perfect and surreal.
So he exchanged his office chair for the stool and demonstratively sat down.
Need your assistance. Now. SH
It had been a surprise to watch Sherlock barge in, followed by a guy that must have been a member of staff at Tesco. Sherlock had told him to put the medium-sized box down and the guy was gone.
The cool evening air felt good after the stifling air in the kitchen. What is Sherlock doing? John clenched and unclenched his right fist rhythmically as he walked down the street towards the restaurant where he planned to meet Angie.
The answer came promptly.
The milk forgotten, he stepped closer.
(06:51 pm) John:
“With this, I can conclude my part of the presentation.” The boring voice said, and John felt relief flood through his body. “We now can enter the Q&A part of today’s meeting. If you have any questions or need clarification, I’m happy to answer them. I just need a show of hands and I’ll call your name. Please turn your microphone on before you speak.”
“It’s for you, John. I bought it at Tesco. Unpack it.” Sherlock replied and puffed up with pride.
John gasped for air and typed irritated on his phone.
His eyes wandered over to Sherlock, or at least the parts of him he could see through the opened kitchen sliding door. The detective seemed busy, not having moved from his microscope for the past hours.
The cases weren’t the problem. The timing was bad, but John wanted to be there when Sherlock brought more criminals to justice. He was brilliant. Always one step ahead of everyone else, he missed no detail. And hunting criminals with Sherlock was far more exciting than trying to get a leg over. The text messages, however, were just annoying. At first, John had tried to ignore them, but that only led to Sherlock finally showing up at the restaurant. Even if John purposely hadn’t told him where he was going, Sherlock had known anyway.
Everything but the work with Sherlock. This work was different, different from everything he had known before. It was exciting, really exciting. The chase after criminals, sneaking through dark alleys, waiting for the final piece of evidence that leads to their arrest. That rush of adrenaline when they caught them. Even dealing with one of Sherlock’s moods and reassuring colleagues from the Yard when he’d insulted them again. The flip side of this work, however, was that everything else was a lot less exciting in comparison. Even a date.
The second touch to his calf seemed more intentional and John wondered what he was still doing on the floor. Another brush against the fabric of his jeans, closer to his knee now and John instinctively let his legs drop open a bit more. That seemed to be just what Sherlock wanted, as he moved forward John, large hands sprawling over the doctor’s thighs, warm and heavy.
“Hm.” Sherlock blinked and calibrated the microscope settings.
“You have to sit on it during the meeting. It’s important.”
John stood in his bedroom in front of the wardrobe trying to decide what to wear on his date. She was a nice woman he’d met at Tesco. Not special, but nice enough to have a date with, to be sure that his seduction skills were still working, and to avoid a boring night in the flat with Sherlock.
This was worse. Two hours, so far, of that monotone voice talking on and on, the man reading off his script without looking up, and John was almost at a Sherlock level of boredom. He caught himself playing with the handle of the desk drawer, knowing of the gun inside. Not that he would shoot at Mrs. Hudson’s poor walls, but his laptop would surely look interesting with a bullet stuck right in the middle.
“Okay, okay. Take this, I have to go!” John squeezed out between clenched teeth, took out his wallet, and pushed a more than the adequate sum of money into the waiter’s hand.
(06:45 pm) Sherlock:
Still giggling, he turned back to the tea, but then looked up again, nodding at the jumper and asked: “Do you, though?”
Before the meeting, John had considered going up to his old room for the call, to get some peace and quiet as he bored himself to death - or at least until he felt tired enough to sleep for a hundred years. But the WiFi connection up there was horrid and John had to weigh the risk of having to listen to staccato-styled talking for at least four hours to Sherlock walking in on the call butt-naked.
"- have a problem," continued Greg steadfastly, "whatever it is, there is always something you can do about it. So sit down and develop a plan to solve your problem." Greg reached out his hand and tapped it, he hoped, reassuringly on Sherlock's upper arm. “You're a genius, Sherlock, I know you can do it,” Greg said calmly. With that, Greg managed a smile and went back to the crime scene.
“To sit on. Obviously.
“You bought something for me? Just because? That’s nice… you’re getting soft.” John winked.
“Yes, Greg Lestrade. We’ve wanted to go out for a pint for a long time, but we haven’t had the chance yet. Busy with cases, you know?” John smiled.
With a double murder at Embankment Underground Station, there had been no time to try it on or to even unpack it and so, one hour before they were supposed to show up at Scotland Yard, Sherlock pulled it out of the packaging.
Finally... the smut! ;)
A week earlier, John had found this absolute horror in a store a little apart from the other Christmas clothes, and bought it immediately for the motto that was scheduled for the party: Ugly Christmas clothes. Everyone should wear at least one piece of ugly Christmas clothing.
It started when he complained about John having a beer with Lestrade. That in itself hadn’t worried John, it was normal for Sherlock to nag when he got bored, but the intensity had surprised him.
Normally Sherlock would have simply ignored such a message, but in order not to endanger his newly established relationship with John, he replied
The waiter interrupted the start of Angie’s torrent of speech by placing the drinks on the table with a mumbled, “Here you are.”
"Spit it out, Sherlock, or I won't give you any new cases and will send you home right away. We'll be fine without you."
“Hey Sherlock, good to see you,” greeted Greg Lestrade as Sherlock ducked under the police tape "Where's John?" Both were standing in front of a kiosk in one of the less pleasant areas of London, the entrance now splattered with blood.
“Boring! Why did you call me about such a bad case? Even a toddler would have solved that. It's a two at most.” Sherlock snapped and grimaced at another officer who was trying to placate him.
It was ridiculous. Sherlock, who only ever wore the most elegant clothes, now was dressed in this horrendous jumper and looking smug about it. The giggle burst from John’s throat, and he found himself unable to stop. Sherlock was giggling too now, his grey eyes filled with the spark of amusement and John had to hold onto the kitchen counter for balance, stomach aching from laughter.  He imagined who would usually wear a jumper like this, people in their teens and early twenties, as they went out on the weekends, hoping to find someone to hook up with, not wanting to go home alone.
A message. That was the solution. He could text John anytime, anywhere. He was just not allowed to do this from his usual phone, he needed a new one whose number nobody knew - and of course, he had to do it without his usual signature at the end of the messages. Simple, brilliant.
“I’m working, don’t you see that? I’m in the middle of an important experiment!” Sherlock finally looked up and turned to John, sitting on the edge of his chair, frowning.
A dull thud caught his attention and John looked around to figure out where it was coming from when something brushed his calve. He was quite sure they had not gotten a cat – and a quick look confirmed that instead, Sherlock was under the desk on all fours.
His answer did something to John’s face the detective couldn’t quite explain, no matter how hard he tried to take in every shift in his features, translating every thought into movement. Always expressive, his John. And then, after a brief moment of hesitance, in a surge of movement, John connected their lips in a desperate kiss.
Here comes the angst... sort of.
“So, you’re a police officer and a doctor?” she asked, slightly confused.
The phone remained silent for the next few minutes and John took the chance to engage Angie in a lively conversation about her job (secretary in a ‘big company’) and hobbies (hula hoop and dancing).
John shook his head in an attempt to shake off the daydream, focusing back on the lecturer, who made up most of the screen with John himself and his colleagues in smaller windows at the top. He nodded a few times, to seem interested, especially because his new boss was on the call and John tried to make a good impression at least until the guy learned about him missing work for cases, but found himself looking for distraction- anything that wasn’t related to appropriate communication with patients.
“Of course not, John! I’m definitely
“Sherlock.”
******
“Oh, it’s about my flatmate, New Scotland Yard, and London’s criminals. We’re called when the colleagues from Yard get stuck with a case.”
As so often, Sherlock sat hunched over his microscope, showing no sign that he had even noticed John. Spread out over the table were several Petri dishes and body parts that John didn’t want to know the origins of. Maybe Sherlock had nicked some from the morgue again. John made a mental note to speak with Molly about it later and leaned against the door frame with a sigh.
“No, I’m only a doctor. But my flatmate is a consulting detective. The only one in the world. He invented the job.”
, he thought, adjusting his sitting position, switching the phone off again, promising himself that he would not give in to the temptation of Candy Crush just yet.
Getting up, John made his way to the kitchen. Walking past Sherlock, he couldn’t resist hiding a kiss in dark curls, taking in the smell of sage and skin he had grown to love so much. Not getting much of a reaction, not that he would have expected one, John went on to put the kettle on, using the time it took to boil the water to use the loo.
Stepping through the threshold, breaking through the wall. No way back now.
, John thought, adjusting his sitting position.
“What about you, Sir?” the waiter turned to John.
“Ah, okay, so you’re his sidekick? He’s doing the work and you’re … there?” Angie grinned broadly.
“You will not.” Sherlock pouted and crossed his arms over his chest.
(07:32 pm) John:
“No, you can't!" Sherlock snarled and turned completely to the officer. He took a deep breath, preparing to let go of a series of deductions to make sure he wouldn't be disturbed again, when Greg interrupted him with a loud exclamation.
“I really didn't see that coming,” John laughed, his eyes sparkling with joy about this successful surprise “Especially not from you, Sherlock.”
After John left his jacket at the coatrack he led her to their table and let her sit down before he took a seat himself. A young and eager waiter brought the menus while John placed his phone on the table next to him.
Nothing.
“I can’t,” he muttered.
“Well, that is ridiculous,” he said to himself, tracing the pattern with a finger for a moment, before pulling it over his head. The fabric felt horribly scratchy and Sherlock put on a vest to not have to deal with that. Then, only wearing boxer shorts, Sherlock pulled the jumper over his head.
“Sooo… What’s your job, John?” Angie asked with a bright smile.
A normal Saturday evening at 221B Baker Street.
Exactly nine minutes later, he found himself sitting on his stool again, re-tea-ed but still unmotivated. The screen came back to life and John braced himself for another two hours of this torture. Sherlock had moved to his armchair by now, eyes closed, obviously thinking and John liked that he could at least look at his gorgeous face, something he could never get enough of, especially now that he knew how those lips felt against his own, how they opened up to his touch, warm and soft, and what John wouldn’t give to just walk over there and press a kiss to that mouth.
"Nothing. Nothing at all," replied Sherlock irritably and pulled his arm out of Greg's grasp. Why did everyone around him have to behave more like idiots than usual today?
******
Maybe Sherlock would go with him. Certainly not in an ugly Christmas jumper, but maybe he would condescend to accept John’s invitation and go to that party with him. John had tried to convince Sherlock by promising to listen when he would deduce all the cheeky things that concerned the colleagues at the Yard.
“But… why?”
“Horrendous.” He pulled a grimace, which slowly turned into a smile. “It’s perfect. You don’t stand a chance, Watson.”
John couldn’t resist Sherlock when, by his standards, he kindly asked for something. Especially not since they’d taken such an important step forward in their relationship.
“It’s a stool, John! Don’t be stupid.”
“Sherlock,” Greg growled warningly.
Really, John? Yes, I'll bring milk. SH
(06:46 pm) John:
What kind of confused emotional chaos had he gotten into? Otherwise, everything was always crystal clear in front of him, only logic, no feelings were involved. Most of the time he just had to send a message and everything would clear itself up.
“Hi Angie, how are you?” John greeted while putting on what he hoped was one of his most seductive smiles.
“What is this about hunting criminals you mentioned earlier?” Angie asked while sipping her coke.
“...”
John glanced at the lower right corner of the screen, witnessing as the seven turned into an eight. He felt weirdly reminded of school days when he would sit watching the hand of the clock edge closer to twelve. But maths - or even French - seemed entertaining in retrospect.
