“Yes, Dean?”
They discovered that mental communication tapered off around a mile apart from each other, which was not bad range considering. As they worked more together, strengthened the link between them, that would only grow. And, if they ever chose a more permanent bonding, that range would increase exponentially.
Cas would enjoy it himself. He was more content than some to be at home in Willow River, but it didn’t serve the purpose of his being here. He had a job to do, and restful as studying various texts could be, it was important to make use of the good conditions to make progress on their overarching task.
“Damn straight I am,” Dean agreed. He poked at the fire with a stick. “No point in stretching the truth about it, though. You’ll find the truth soon enough. And your ass has already hit the dirt, so there’s that.” He grinned.
He dug his claws into the stone, hard enough that he was certain he was actually penetrating the surface, and tugged at the tendril linking him with Cas, giving him a quick warning before surrendering, opening himself completely to Amara — and to Cas.
“We were gaining information,” Cas started.
He just wished the kid would hurry up already.
Not so much.
to do. The two of us together, we’re stronger than anyone.”
He faced everyone, taking a moment to gauge the mood. Everyone’s attention was locked on them. Some were curious, some apprehensive, and some irritable. Cas nodded, then began once again going over the events chasing after what got Rufus and Bobby up to returning back to Willow River. He strategically left out any details of what happened between Dean and himself in the cave. That was personal, and not relevant to the matter at hand.
“Got it.” Dean headed outside to take care of his business, and by the time he returned the egg dish was done.
By the time Cas mounted up and rode through the gates, he was an hour behind Dean. He couldn’t sense whatever it was that Dean was tracking, but he could track Dean. He set Smoky southwest at a brisk pace, hoping to close the distance. Exhaustion pulled at him, but so far the adrenaline counteracted it. Pulling Bobby back from the brink of death was no small feat. Dean was a rock the entire time, having fed him a constant stream of magic. He had also been projecting a constant aura of worry and anger. Cas would have predicted this, if he hadn’t been so worn down he could barely put one foot in front of the other.
Sam sighed. “Yeah, okay. Here.” He held out his arm and used his strength to help Dean move from his bedding over to Cas’.
Dean nodded in understanding. He wondered… was something like that possible for him and Cas? They fit together so easily that it was sometimes difficult to remember this was a temporary bond.
Once they were both done eating, Cas let go of Dean’s hand and made his way to the stream to wash up and refresh himself.  He was well and truly into his second wind, and felt confident it would last until evening. When he looked around he saw that Dean’s clothes were once again folded at the aspen’s roots. He packed those away, as well as the now empty oilcloth, and loosened Smoky’s ties. He mounted up and followed after the threads of his Familiar bond.
He stoked the fire, adding a couple more logs before grinding somecoffee beans with his mortar and pestle and starting the coffee to boil. Cas hummed tunelessly under his breath as he considered what to make for breakfast. Because he liked to rise early, he was usually responsible for making the first meal of the day. He took a yellow-glazed mixing bowl down from the shelf over the workbench and cracked some eggs into it, mixing in a variety of  vegetables and some of the mushrooms Garth had foraged last week. Some ham would be a tasty addition as well. Cas took a chunk of meat out of the keeping box. Gabe had just refreshed the preservation sigils on the box last month. They should be good for another six months at least.
“Winchester. Any relation to Mary Campbell?”
“Shut your trap, you idjit. If this is the big final fight, we aren’t leaving any of our assets on the table as a fallback position. We either win or we go out with guns blazing. There’s nothing in between.”
“Exactly.”
In his experience people were rarely interested in his book collection. Even Gabriel avoided them unless he had no choice. Gabriel’s style of magic was far more instinctual than Cas practiced. Gabe didn’t use the tried and true forms captured in generations of spellbooks. He pictured what he wanted, and made it happen. Cas could do that when he had to, but he preferred to surround his spellworks in the structure and forms of tried and true sigils and incantations.
Then she grew more serious, reaching out to touch his arm. “That’s a good thing, right? I loved Nora, you know I did. She was kind and dedicated to our work, disciplined and smart. But… and I don’t mean this in any sort of a disparaging way… she wasn’t the best match for you. She was holding you back. You’re even more powerful as a Witch than Gabe is, and he’s one of the strongest I’ve ever met. Who knows what you’ll be capable of with a stronger Familiar to back you up?”
This was it. Now.
“So what’s on the agenda for today?” she asked.
Dean did not even notice the small draw of magic. He was occupied watching his brother pull book after book out of his satchel until the entire table surface was covered in leather bound parchment. Jess sat beside him, perched on the edge of her chair, watching everything intently.
. You’re the ones that did all the work.”
-oOo-
It was a good thing that Ellen packed a fair bit of food for them. Dean could always hunt, but it would slow them down in their pursuit of the bear. On top of that, they’d have to make a fire and cook the kill. Dean could eat it raw, but Cas wouldn’t resort to that unless he truly had no other option.
“Have a seat, Mr. Winchester. I’ll go see if Mr. Angelus is available to speak with you.”
“We may still want to take a look at it,” Gabe said, more seriously. “Make sure it’s up to snuff.”
Dean felt Cas’ state shift to one of alert readiness.
Cas and Dean headed back to the house. Cas led the way up the narrow staircase to the second floor. Dean looked around with unbridled curiosity. Cas tipped his head sideways. “Have you not been up here before?”
Cas simply nodded. He paced around the perimeter of the sick area, occasionally squatting to look at something more carefully, but always staying far enough to avoid being touched by it. Then he looked to Dean. “Do you feel up to your first cleansing?”
Dean stepped up and cupped the nape of his neck. “Hey. Didn’t expect to see you so soon. Everything okay?”
Dean shook his head. “I like it out here. It suits me far more than the city does, even the outskirts of the city. Though if you want to go somewhere else, I’ll go with you. Being with you is more important than anything else.”
“Who’s Jody?” Dean asked, listening to the conversation but not really following it. He didn’t know the people, didn’t know the area. He did know, however, that Cas felt uneasy about whatever Gabe was saying. All of their school lessons meant that surface level emotions were easy to read across their bonding, as long as neither of them were trying to hide them.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said. “I would like you to meet Jody Mills and Donna Hanscum. I mentioned Jody earlier – she’s Willow River’s Senior Scout, and coordinates the patrols around the territory. Donna is also a scout. In addition to her scout duties, she has a knack for finding beehives and their honey. Do you like honey?”
Dean swallowed, ducked his head.
Castiel scowled faintly to himself, then rapped on the flimsy door to the room before opening it and stepping inside, setting the sack of goods he’d purchased on the floor inside before looking for Dean. The rest of his purchases would be delivered later.
“You’re starting to worry me, man. I would really appreciate it if you woke up right about now.” Dean finished cleaning the wounds and placed his palm on the center of Cas’ chest. “I’ve been trying hard not to notice, but you’re kind of beautiful, you know.” He huffed a laugh, his thumb lightly stroking warm skin. He found the cleanest parts of cloth to rewrap the bandage, then settled in to try and get a little rest. They needed food, but that could come later. He was exhausted.
“Thank
“Cas has been talking up the mead. And the hard cider. I’m a whiskey man myself, but I’m game to try anything.”
“A small selection of alcoholic beverages, yes, including beer and, I believe, whiskey. My own preference is a mead that I find quite tasty. Seasonally, Ellen also makes a hard apple cider which I would recommend.”
Dean shuddered. He had a great appreciation for nature, and natural life forms. The idea of them being twisted and turned into something evil didn’t sit well with him.
Dean stood and walked over to look at the markers, running his fingers over the carvings. “These are beautiful.”
Then he turned to Dean. “Okay, big guy.” He caught Dean in a hug, too, much to his surprise. “You take care of yourselves, got it? I’m not so sure Cassie would survive losing you.”
“Of course he doesn’t mind!” Gabe pointed at her with his spoon. “Also, Donna’s hair clip sprouts a new fresh flower every time she uses it.”
“Not in the least.” Cas took a moment to get his emotions under control. Dean could feel them being tucked away, pulled back from the connection between the two of them. Most of the time Cas’ presence was just there, constant, not requiring any attention, but the sort of thing Dean was always aware of in the background, like the air he breathed. Sometimes it called attention to itself, when he felt something strongly or unexpectedly.
Charlie stared down Cas into taking a bite of the chicken before she turned to answer Dean. “We both realized we had no real idea which direction to head in, and could be doing more good here for the moment. There was no trace of what got them in the short distance we scouted, no. Now shoo, you are wobbling on your feet.”
Dean set his trunk down as soon as they were inside the room. Once Castiel followed him in and set the other trunk down, it felt downright cramped in the space. Despite that, Dean didn’t feel the itch under his skin to shift, to move, to stretch. Something about Castiel soothed the worst of his restlessness.
“No,” Cas denied. “I can do something for him.”
The thought of the two of them being alone for a while wasn’t so bad, either.
He shook his head. "No. No." He took one step back and shifted mid-leap back towards Cas. She screamed curses at him in the background, but he ignored her.
“Let’s get down to the details then, shall we?” Mr. Angelus pulled a contract out of one of the drawers of his desk, and laid it between the two of them. “Article I: The party in the first part…”
“Yes. Dean brought a fair amount of goods from New Avalon. He says his family wanted to make sure he had the sorts of useful things that might be difficult to acquire out here on the frontier.”
“Yes. We will.”
Cas silently handed her a mug with coffee and a plate with eggs. She sipped at the coffee and practically purred with contentment. “So. Good.”
“Looks… small.”
“Gabriel’s tea,” Cas whispered back.
Dean ran ahead, opened the door for Cas, then slipped into a private corner to shift into his cat form. He knew how to deal with being drunk. He’d done it enough times. Even helped Sam out on the rare occasions his moose of a brother over-indulged. They were a team. He wasn’t about to let Sam get chewed out by their parents for getting drunk when he didn’t have to. He concentrated and got his heart pumping faster, cycling the blood and alcohol through, and pushing it out.
“Winchester. Dean Winchester, ma’am.”
“Huh. That’s a point, I guess.”
Cas released Dean, and turned just enough to see an enormous bear behind a claw heading straight for him. Dammit! How could he have forgotten about the bear they had followed here?
“She got a taste of the flavor of my particular magic,” Dean pointed out. “Must be enough that she can tag her spells onto it when she’s turning more creatures, and setting them on me. You can do that, can’t you? To a certain degree?”
“Now now,” Donna answered. “Why don’t I tell you about it on the way to the Saloon? It wouldn’t be fair of us to keep your company all to ourselves when everyone else has been itching to meet ya.”
Ellen called out an order, and soon Donna was there.
“No you weren’t, you were approaching spitting mad and arguing.” Pamela set the rifle down again and crossed her arms. “Now one of you might want to go chase down that horse. It has our mail on it.”
He was considering if it would be worth it to pull Smoky to a halt and take the time to dunk his head in the cold stream they were running along the banks of, when the horse staggered to a halt on his own. Cas caught his balance and looked up to see Dean’s mountain lion sitting atop a boulder and staring at him with a steady green-eyed gaze.
“Thanks.” Dean poured a dollop of the heavy cream into his coffee and stirred it in before taking a sip. “So good,” he moaned. “So, so good.”
He basked in it for a long moment before he remembered. “Amara?”
“Our job,” Castiel corrected.
-oOo-
“Not until dinner,” Castiel answered. “Hungry, are you? It is that time of day if we simply walk along we are sure to be invited for any number of meals with the only price being a bit of gossip. You will be particularly popular, having just arrived from the east.”
“Seems like a valid point,” Dean observed, wondering just how many Witches randomly showed up here anyhow.
Cas nodded. “Her husband. That was shortly after our arrival.”
“Sammy!” He threw his arms around his brother in a firm embrace, unbidden tears pricking at the back of his eyes as his brother’s familiar scent hit him like a punch, warmth and cinnamon and
“Horses generally take a little time to get used to me. They don’t react all that well to having a predator riding on their backs, though some can get used to it in time. So if it works better, could use two as pack animals and I could shift and keep pace far enough away that they can relax.”
Sam smacked him. Dean smacked him back, and soon they were rolling on the ground wrestling. Mary rolled her eyes and went back inside.
Cas grumbled and burrowed deeper into his blanket cocoon. It was difficult to drift back down into sleep when his shoulder was being shaken. He was close to managing, though, when tactics changed and the blanket was stripped off of him entirely, startling him with a sudden rush of cold air. He sat up and blinked blearily. Garth stood at the side of his bed, hands on hips and expression a mixture of contrite and chastising. “Garth?”
“I won’t say I told you so,” Cas said.
“Oh, no implying about it.” Walt, this time. “Been sitting on your ass here for the better part of a month, while the
“It was damned stupid!” Gabe snapped, the ends of his hair swirling in a frenzy. “You’d drained yourself past the point of caution, as you always do. You need to have a care for yourself, too. You use yourself up and you’re no good to anyone!”
“Well, yeah. Don’t you?” Dean quirked his eyebrow right back.
“That would be the one,” Bobby agreed with a personable nod. “Lot of work to do, yet, but it will keep the elements off of ya.”
Dean was aware of Jody and Gabe directing the others in the background, sending them to their positions and giving final reminders of what the plan was. Sam and Jessica would be with one group, Gabe and Charlie with the other, which would enable them to communicate with each other in rudimentary fashion. The Familiars couldn’t speak with each other directly, but they’d worked out basic signals, and they could move much more quickly than any of the humans.
“One more buckle, and… yes. There we go.” He held out a lead rope. “Can you take Smoky? He’s both more fractious and braver than the others.”
Still, if he couldn’t bring everything with him, he might at least be able to sell the extra for more cash. The Winchesters weren’t wealthy, but they weren’t destitute, either. John and Mary were a formidable Witch-Familiar pair even with their avoidance of all things political and their free-lance, temporary contract lifestyle.
“Drop them anywhere,” Bobby said as he stopped in front of the burlap curtain in front of Dean’s room and set his toolbox down. “Floor is rough enough no one is going to notice an extra ding or two.”
She straightened up at that. “Dean!”
“One battle at a time” Cas suggested. “The corruption seems an easy problem to solve in comparison to my elder brothers. Help me here, and afterwards? Afterwards I will return to New Avalon and help you there.”
“Oh, come on. Of the two of you, Cas is far more deserving of congratulations on this.” Charlie wasn’t able to contain her energy anymore. She joined Dean in the stall to start combing Smoky’s mane.
“It’s bigger than it looks from here,” Gabe answered. “Big enough for a few small gardens inside, and some livestock. We get most of our food from fishing and hunting, but we’ve got a few chickens and pigs, even a couple milk cows, and then there are the stables for the horses, and an enclosure. Charlie’s really good at catching fish.” He directed an affectionate smile towards her. “We do some foraging. That’s less predictable, but we know where the good spots are.”
The odor grew stronger, and as Dean approached he became aware of the magical energies of the area becoming twisted and snarled. He rounded a large tree, and came to a stop at the source.
“He told me then that everything I’d been taught about Witches and Familiars was wrong. Well, not everything. Just the important parts about how the relationship between them was supposed to work. He told me Otto was dead, and forced me to really think. He left again, but told me where I could find him in one week’s time. He told me to really look and listen.”
“Then Gabe returned. He waylaid me when I was out in the gardens reading an old text on esoteric sigils and their meanings.”
“I do the magic! Being part of a community means chore sharing. I do the magic, that means someone else does the gutting and the blood and the whatever all else goes into preparing a meal.”
“Works for me,” Dean replied. He didn’t want to be a fancy Campbell Familiar. That was why he was there in the first place.
“I could, but that wouldn’t be as much fun, would it.” He grinned and turned to the luggage pile, exchanging a few words and a coin with the coach driver while Castiel waited. He nodded towards the other passengers as well.
Winchester looked sidelong at him, his eyes framed by ridiculously long lashes. “Is that not okay? I reckon we’re going to be spending a lot of time together. ‘Mr. Angelus’ or even ‘Castiel’ gets to be a mouthful. You can call me Dean. Winchester makes me look around for my father.”
Gabe tucked his hands  back into his pockets, rocking back on his heels. “Nothing unusual. Charles and I found a couple more corruption pockets and cleaned them out. I’ll bring you two around to the sites once you’re settled in. I don’t know if we got them before anything was tainted, though. Jody said she’s seen signs of a tainted big animal, but when she brought us back to check it out, everything was cleaned up.” He shrugs a shoulder. “Might be nothing.”
Cas blinked. “I … like to go for walks,” he said slowly. “Or runs. I like to swim, when the weather permits. I like observing the plants and animals.”
He kept up a running commentary about what he was seeing.
“I wanted yellow but he doesn’t listen to me,” Charlie pouted.
-oOo-
“Yeah? Mr. Angelus – Balthazar, your cousin – wasn’t forthcoming about that, either.”
Cas chuckled. “If they are the same as they were when I left New Avalon, yes. I have little reason to believe they have changed.”
“I don’t know why you persist in believing I’m entirely ignorant of magic,” Dean commented. “Or you just want me to believe you’re so shitty at it you can’t manage simple exceptions?”
Cas was an Angelus, so he likely didn’t realize that it wasn’t that easy to just slide right into New Avalon society. Any door would have been open to him. Nora? Maybe not as much.
“Poker, dealer’s choice on variant. Not much point wagering cold hard cash, so we have some chips that Garth carved for us. Sometimes other wagers.”
“Too risky to scout.”
Dean answered.
Time enough to worry at that problem again later. For now he had work to do.
He and Charlie were staying. There was still corruption to clean up after all, and neither of them were too interested in visiting New Avalon. Besides, Charlie was enjoying getting to know Ellen’s daughter Jo who had returned to the outpost to visit her mom.
So. The ad.
Dean smiled. “Thank you. This is awesome.”
“And Samuel Campbell retains a portion of the contract fee, as the agent through which the contract is arranged. There have been… rumors.”
Dean sat down in the front room and wrapped his tail around his feet.
Gabe gasped in mock outrage. “What makes you think my exceptions are simple?”
“No, Dean. I’ve got this.” He set his trunk in the bed of the wagon, then hopped up to bring it to the front where Dean’s was sitting.
“Sure looks it, sweetie,” she answered, resting her arms on the railing and leaning over to look down at him. “You waiting on anything in particular? That why you’re out here rather than all cuddled up with your Witch?”
“What’s going on at that end of the table?” Gabe called out. “Scoot on over to the middle here, Dean-o, and tell us all about the goings on in New Avalon.”
“I had thought early in the morning the day after tomorrow. That will give you the opportunity to review the contents of your trunks and determine what if anything you would like to leave behind or trade for. I would be happy to assist you in evaluating the usefulness of any such items if you have questions. I do understand that not all items must be useful or practical in order to be personally valuable to you, so that must also be taken into consideration. If you require additional time that can be negotiated, but I am somewhat anxious to return as quickly as possible. The settlement is weaker without our presence. Gabriel and Charlie are a powerful pair, but their strengths are different from mine. And, presumably, yours.”
“Thought about it. Wasn’t much opportunity back east. We live in the city. Training a horse requires more space.”
“Yeah. Not to be immodest or anything, but you and I together? I don’t think there are many who can match us.” Dean grinned then. “Michael and Lucifer would find that a tough thing to swallow, wouldn’t they.”
-oOo-
“Yes, ma’am,” Cas added his own agreement. “Gabe in our house?” He smiled thanks at Bess as she draped a blanket around his shoulders, providing some much-needed warmth and cover before giving the same to Dean.
Conversation died down as the four of them drifted off to their own thoughts as they finished breakfast.
Cas blinked, unsure how seriously to take Dean’s suggestions. “Those all sound ridiculous,” he said. “I suppose I should be grateful that the settlement was already named before Gabriel and I arrived. He would have been quite enchanted by any of those suggestions. My brother… sometimes seems incapable of taking things seriously.”
Cas just shakes his head as he searches for words. “I don’t know. Not really. It affects you worse than it does me, doesn’t it.” That wasn’t a question. He could feel that Dean was barely holding on. “The energy you’re feeding me... it’s still clean, but I can tell that’s because you’re forcing it to be. We don’t need to stay here. You’ve seen it. We can leave now.”
Gabe looked down. “You know I wanted to take you with me. But I couldn’t figure out how to make it happen.”
Dean nodded thoughtfully. That made sense.
“But what do I know?” he added, winking at his Witch. Maybe he was taking liberties, but he had no intention of being anyone but himself.
Cas turned. “No. She specifically was interested in you. You in particular, you and Charlie, are at risk. You need to stay close to us at all times, within communication distance via our bonds.”
Cas scowled at him. “This. This is why I don’t... why I haven’t... I am not good at it.” He slumped, discouraged.
Afterwards, they lay sprawled out next to each other, watching the sky darken out the cave entrance as storm clouds rolled in.
As long as they had that much time, Dean could afford to make the effort to give his belongings a thorough wash. He pulled clean clothes out of one of his trunks and got to work.
“Haven’t seen you around today,” Dean observed. “What have you been up to?”
Must have a shifter form suitable for
Dean hated this, hated it with his whole being. Leaving himself this open, not holding anything back from Cas, meant that he could feel Cas’ terror. It was frankly amazing that the Witch could function at all, much less with the poise and competence he exhibited. “Ellen. I need an assistant. If you are busy with Rufus, please ask someone else to attend. Someone with a sturdy stomach.”
The ground tremors calmed beneath their feet, localizing instead to the back of the cave. Dean’s feet slid towards the back of the cave as well. Cas wrapped his arms around him and held him close. The charm that always hung around Dean’s neck, no matter his form, glowed a bright white.
“I’m saying no such thing. I do things other people can’t. Other people do things I can’t.”
He moved forward to pack away Dean’s clothing and boots in the pouch designated for that purpose. The pouch was constructed in such a way that Dean could maneuver it around his neck and carry it himself in his animal form if he had to, but that hampered his freedom of movement and there was always the possibility of it getting caught on the underbrush. On top of that it was a dead giveaway that he was a Familiar rather than a natural-born big cat. The charm hanging on a leather thong around his neck was also a giveaway, but that wasn’t quite as discernible from a distance.
“Probably be easier starting out with a bookshelf rather than a door.” He started to explain what it was he was doing, and why. The angles, the shims to square up the frame, why placing this section first was important.
Cas cleared his throat. “I’ll go get Dean.” He could reach out to him through their mental bond, but he preferred the idea of getting him in person. That would also give Gabe just a few more minutes to settle down, which could only be a good thing.
“Yeah, I do. Can’t help out at the campsite as easy when I don’t have opposable thumbs.” He wiggled his fingers to demonstrate. “Let me take over the cooking. You can go wander around and set wards.”
“Meaning,” Gabe added, “she would be completely open to Cassie.”
He ducked his head and blushed.
Honestly, Cas didn’t disagree.
“The sigils, too,” Dean added. “They were older versions of what we’re used to.”
Both Gabe and Charlie’s doors were securely closed, with no sound coming from behind them. Cas knew they were both up far longer than he was. With all of his focus on getting to Dean, he didn’t give more than a passing thought to his two housemates on his way out the door.
Dean waited patiently, only making a shallow cut along his left arm when Cas had finally done the same. Cas wrapped the fingers of his right hand around Dean's left wrist, holding it steady as he brought his own left wrist forward, pressing them together as he spoke the words of the first level binding incantation.
To ask about anyone’s past was considered rude, but Dean had spoken of his family immediately, and with affection. There wasn’t any mental retreat from the topic, either, so Cas felt free to continue.
“I am, aren’t I,” Cas agreed, and Dean laughed. “You can show me how much when my head no longer feels as though it will split in two.”
“Oh, hey. There you are.”
“Right back at you.” He stepped back and efficiently stripped out of his clothing, folding it neatly and placing it into the satchel. He handed the package to Cas before he shifted, feeling the sparkle and shimmer, the pull and stretch and pop as his body quickly transitioned from one form to the other.
“Yes. Yes.” Castiel stood up, again, and brushed the dust from his trousers. Familiars in their animal forms were more powerful conduits. Dean in human form knocked him on his ass, in Familiar form, he would likely have lost consciousness. “You are significantly larger than Nora was.” Which shouldn’t really have an impact on power. In theory. “This is why we are practicing. There’s no reason to mention this to Gabriel and Charlie, right?”
“Come. I smell a roast. If you are as hungry as I am, a meal is most welcome.”
“What are we going to do, then?” Maggie asked.
“That makes more sense.” Cas stepped forward to look into the room as well. “No mattress?”
Cas flopped over onto his back, lifting his hand to curl around the nape of Dean’s neck. “I’m sorry,” he murmured, softly enough that Gabe shouldn’t be able to hear. “He’s… insistent.”
“It wouldn’t be just the two of you,” Gabe said. “You may be the strongest pair, and Dean is what, who, she wants, but she’s going to have to deal with the rest of us, too. With me and Charlie. And I’m guessing Sam and Jess.”
Cas scowled at him.
After some observation, Dean found that the best spot for him was underneath the cot. It allowed him to press up against Cas’ leg for physical contact while still being out of the way of the constant stream of people moving in and out at Ellen’s direction. Cas focused wholly on Bobby, holding nothing back in his efforts to heal the man.
“Hey, um. Cas?”
Dean grinned. “While you’re there you can buy some of that fancy-ass perfume for Jessica.”
She gestured, and he was drawn towards her against his will.
“Well then. I’ll… go talk to him.” Cas ran a hand through his hair before he caught himself. It wouldn’t do to openly show his nerves. The people of Willow River needed to believe that he knew what he was doing. “Ellen, we will need to have a meeting of everyone who’s here. Dean and I have information to share that is best done all at once. Please ask everyone to come to the Saloon in… one hour’s time.” He should be able to placate Gabe enough by then.
“The Saloon. Creative naming there. I approve.”
This was supposed to be a slightly appeased Gabriel? Dean was suddenly intensely grateful he hadn’t come straight here with Cas.
Cas pointed. There, just above their heads, a sigil was carved into the rock face. They continued to follow along the wall to discover more sigils spaced evenly and precisely. When they turned a corner, they found a large cave. The sigils here were more concentrated, even carved into the ground in a semi-circle in front of the entrance.
Sometimes he had to metaphorically bite his tongue to keep from snapping at the other man. There were a few times he couldn’t entirely hold back his growls.
“Let the record show I’m dropping my objections under protest,” Dean muttered.
The land slowly morphed from tree-spotted grasslands to forested hills. They were forced to abandon the stream as terrain became more difficult to navigate. As the sun descended towards the horizon, Dean angled them back towards the stream and possible campsites.
“If we head out of the fortifications, we’re going to need somewhere defensible to hole up,” Dean answered. “I wouldn’t mind getting out of here for a little bit, to be honest. I’m getting some looks make me think to expect my dinner to be poisoned one of these days.”
“Clean,” Cas confirmed for Dean’s benefit. His eyes glowed a soft, pale blue as power coursed through him. His wounds lit up with the same glow before the flesh knitted back together leaving behind thin pink lines as the only evidence of the injury.
And then Castiel felt it -- that little pulse and shimmer along the arcane thread connecting them, a surge of power on the astral plane, deeper and richer somehow than what Nora had exhibited. Castiel shivered at the visceral power rolling through him. When it finished passing through it left a subliminal hum behind.
Dean prowled forward, slinking close to the forest floor, each step soundless. Cas stayed nearby, moving almost as quietly. Dean was impressed despite himself.
Dean waited until Cas was done drawing on him to set wards around the camp before shifting back to his human form to share in the evening meal. “Don’t worry about any of the cleanup, I’ve got it, Cas. As soon as you’re done eating, go ahead and get some sleep. We’ll come up with a plan in the morning.”
“It’s nice to meet you, Dean Winchester.” She held out her own hand to shake his. Her smile was bright and sunny.
“How closely do you work with the scouts?” Dean asked. It sounded like it was a fairly close working relationship, but that impression could be entirely wrong. “You make them protective charms?”
Cas swung down out of the saddle.
“And wash basin just over there.”
“I do too listen to you,” Gabe argued. “I don’t always do as you suggest, but I at least listen. I’m still considering making the lean-to yellow.”
Cas glanced at him, shrugged one shoulder and pointed his thumb towards Gabe.
“You haven’t talked a lot about what you left behind,” Charlie observed, quietly, in such a way that left it open for him to continue on the topic or not, as he preferred.
Thinking of Sam made his heart ache. He missed his little brother. From the day he’d been born they were nearly inseparable, especially once it became clear that Sam was a Witch rather than a Familiar. He’d never admitted it anyone, but there were times he was disappointed he and Sam hadn’t chosen a permanent bond. They’d have been good together, but Sam? Sam was a romantic. He’d wanted the chance at a mated bond pairing, rather than a fraternal bond.
“Some, yes,” Gabe answered. “Charms, and we work enchantments into their weapons to make them more effective against the corruption. They mostly look for new patches of corruption, and hunt down any tainted animals. Only magic has any effect on the corruption itself, so whenever there’s some to cleanse, Cassie or I need to deal with it. We’ve been working on creating some sort of potion or something that we can bottle up so that the others can use it, but haven’t had a lot of success yet.” He shrugged.
Charlie put a placating hand on his shoulder and lightly squeezes. “You’re overly tired, Gabe. Go to sleep.”
Dean simply waited for him to continue, shifting closer until his knee pressed against Castiel’s thigh.
“Yes, ma’am.” Dean pulled her in to a hug, took a bit longer than maybe strictly necessary. “That right there is more than enough incentive to make it back.” He finally let her go, pulled Jody in for a brief hug as well, and then followed after Cas to get packing. There were risks in leaving the safety of the settlement. Dean knew that. The two of them would be more exposed. The risks were worth it, though, if they were successful in drawing off the attacks. He also couldn’t help but feel a thrill at the idea of being out in the wilds again, able to stretch his legs and hunt in his shift form.
High summer, the trips were more frequent now. Willow River was expecting a visit any day. Spending time in the gardens gave Dean the benefit of being near should they arrive, leaving Gabe and Cas to their quality time, and getting on Ellen’s good side. Weeding was an unpopular task, and always needed.
Dean considered that. “Maybe hungrier than I should be, considering how much I was snacking out there all day. But drained? Nah. You just skimmed the surface of my reserves there. What about you?”
“Garth.” Cas sat up, the swirl of words starting to penetrate his foggy brain. The concern grew. “Told me what?”
“Yeah, you think about that one, you and your purty hair.”
Cas suppressed a sigh of relief. “Yes. Though in the end it’s more that he brought me back.” He shifted his weight from one foot to the other. The tainted bear had left enough of a mark that it still stung, when he moved the wrong way. “We found something concerning. A cave, with sigils all around.”
“You too, Charlie Bradbury.” He shook her hand. “I’m not much for canines, but already feeling myself make an exception for you.”
Charlie moved and curled up in Gabe’s lap, shoving her nose under his hand until he started scratching her behind the ears. Dean watched out of the corner of his eye, wondering what that would be like, if Cas would… well. Sometimes, when he was in cat form back home, Sammy would stroke down the length of his spine and under his chin, or lightly scratch behind his ears like that. It felt so damned good, almost like being drugged. It was best when it was a warm, sunny day, and he had the twin pleasures of sunshine and affectionate touch. A warm sunny day like this one, with the heat warming his fur.
“Indeed. But I trust the breeding is true. The Campbells are known to be strong Familiars, and thus highly desired. You could form a partnership with any Witch out there, wealth and influence at your fingertips. You could have a position in the very halls of government, or the centers of industry.”
Dean could understand their frustration. As much as he and Cas were working on mastering working together, he wanted to be doing something more important, making a contribution. He wanted to go out on a scouting mission, not keep working on school exercises until he thought he’d scream or break something.
Cas was surprised. Very few Familiars had the control to perform a partial shift like that. Nora hadn’t. The only time she’d done so was when she was upset and feathers sprouted in her hair. In fact, Cas had never personally witnessed such a thing before. He calmly held out his knife to Dean, hilt first. Claws might do a good job, but a sharp knife was still better.
“Memorial garden. No, I haven’t.” The water finished heating. Dean poured it over the tea mix he had left in the cup, and brought it over with him to join Cas by the bookshelf. “Have you lost a lot of people?”
Gabe came up to them as they were stuffing the last few supplies into the pack Cas would carry. They had opted not to bring horses with them this time, for the animals’ safety. Dean planned to be in his shift form most of the time, which had many advantages but admittedly had the disadvantage of cutting their carrying capacity in half. “Here,” he said, extending a small leather pouch with long drawstrings towards Cas. “Take this. I re-spelled them.”
She winked at him. “Right. Come on up here, then, and keep me company until our courier gets here?”
“I know the basic sigils,” Dean said as he crouched down to study one of the patterns more closely. “A lot of these are foreign to me, though.”
“So noted,” Jody acknowledged.
-oOo-
Cas reached over to smooth the furrow of worry between Dean’s brows away. Dean pushed into the touch, much like the cat he was just below the surface. “I am not upset. Rather the opposite, actually.” He picked up Dean’s hand and brushed a kiss against his knuckles. “Especially as we somehow managed not to rip our pants to shreds. You may be able to shift and walk back to camp with your dignity intact. I need pants at a bare minimum to achieve the same.”
“Strap on your guns, boys and girls,” Gabe said. He slapped the table. “It’s about to get a whole lot worse before it ever gets better. Now hand me a cookie.”
Cas said fiercely.
“Bees, huh? Yes, I like honey. I particularly like some baked goods that are sweetened with honey.”
As Smoky was already in eye-rolling distress, Dean didn’t bother to keep his distance. He turned around and walked up to the two of them, shifted and pulled his clothes out of the saddle bag.
There were too many simple wooden markers for how small their community was, mute testimony to how dangerous this life was. Cas trailed his fingers lightly over some of the markers, paying his respects to friends and companions.
-oOo-
Even Roy shrank away from the thunderous expression Cas pointed in Walt’s direction.
Cas rubbed his thumb against Dean’s temple. “It’s a beautiful night. This is a nice location for a home, on the ridge like this. The views are amazing.”
The thought of adding a window and the resulting access to the outdoors made Dean feel better about the room. It was a disaster compared to his room in New Avalon, but absolute luxury compared to what his imagination made a lean-to look like.
“I wanted to make certain we were prepared if we ran into any trouble,” Cas defended himself.
When he got up to make a quick trip to the outhouse, he saw a chalkboard near the door. There were some names and dates on it, along with a section with some sort of code he couldn’t decipher. “Hey, Cas. What’s this?”
“Mm, true enough. Beautiful, aren’t they. So bright and clear. They go on forever.” Dean was utterly relaxed in Cas’ lap, his weight warm and heavy. He watched as lazy clouds scudded across the face of the moon, sometimes obscuring some of the stars, then revealing them again. “Hey, Cas?”
“I had thought you would want to get moving as quickly as possible,” Cas commented as he got himself all the way to his feet and then stretched out every sore muscle. He had been too worn down to bother casting an extra cushion of air and regretted that after the fact.
No one spoke while they finished breaking camp and saddling up. Dean packed up his satchel with his clothes before shifting, then maneuvered the strap over his head to carry it to Cas.
“We have a few spices in the pack,” Cas volunteered. “If you like to season your meat. Thank you for providing fresh meat for dinner. Do you usually prefer to eat in human form or shifted? When you’re shifted, do you prefer raw or cooked?” He sounded genuinely curious.
Cas glanced towards him, his brow furrowed in confusion.
All right. Enough. Cas needed him, no time to waste in self-recrimination. Hopefully Smoky would make it safely back to Willow River, but there was nothing Dean could do about that right now. He took the time to check Cas over more thoroughly. He was breathing easily enough, and his side didn’t feel over warm. That had to be a good sign, right? Maybe it was just too soon for any sort of infection to hit. Still, a Witch with healing abilities could ward off infections, even cure them. He just had to recover enough to work those spells.
“Hey there,” Dean’s low, warm voice crooned against his ear. “You back in the land of the living?”
“I don’t know, Cas. No one in Willow River would be thinking about your lack of dignity if you were to walk up to the gates in the nude.” Dean smirked as he pictured it. “You think they can see the light show?”
Both Dean and Cas turned to look at  Pamela, only now noticing that she had shouldered her way back up on to the now close quarters of the tower platform. “You boys were taking too long,” she told them. “Nothing to be gained by engaging in conversation.”
“Thank you for your contributions, Gabriel.” Cas shot him an exasperated look.
Dean followed behind him.
Gabe considered that. Usually they didn’t do that; keeping their only two Witches together was risky. He nodded. “Yeah, we need to learn to work together before we face something where we
Gabe’s jaw dropped, but he quickly recovered. He dropped his hands to his sides, and the colors of his shirt stopped swirling, settling back to the normal peach and green on cream.
The other residents were giving them space, so they made it to the house without getting interrupted. Dean took a deep breath before following Cas through the door. His nostrils flared at the lingering scent of something distinctly unpleasant. “What the hell is that?” he whispered to Cas.
“We shore up our defenses,” Ellen answered. “We pull our patrols back closer to here, not go so far ranging. We also need to send someone off to Rockville with a warning not to send any more messengers by themselves. It’s not safe.”
Gabriel had moved to sit at the table, the roast on a platter in the middle. He sliced off generous servings and loaded them onto the plates as the others took their seats.
The moment he opened that connection he felt the contrast between the two; Amara was all darkness and corruption, while Cas was light and breath. Cas was ready when the pathways opened. Immediately, before Amara even realized he was there, he sent through a spear of pure magical energy. Dean roared, and the spear shot from his mouth into the woman, white heat, a triangular blade of pure magic.
Black puffs of smoke formed on the horizon, coupled with the dull roar of the approaching train. Jessica turned in to Sam’s shoulder, sniffling. He wrapped his arm around her in comfort.
“No need for that,” Cas said. “Most of the bags contain goods from the market. I’ll come back to go through them with you.”
“Sometimes. It’s not as precise as Nora’s visuals were. They end up triangulating. That’s one of the things Gabe is better at than Cas, though maybe part of it is due to me. It’s not just the spots where the corruption pollutes the environment, though. Sometimes we have to track down and deal with things that have been corrupted.”
Losing Cas was infinitely more terrifying than having Cas. Here Cas was, challenging him as always, this time to show that he was ready for this bond between them to be a true partnership.
-oOo-
“Yeah, that was covered in primary school history lessons.” Dean stretched more fully, working out some of the kinks from napping on a slightly too small bed. “No one knows exactly what caused it, though there are lots of different theories out there. But the short of it is that this corruption spread over vast territories, larger than the whole of eastern civilization and corrupted everything it touched, making the land unsuitable for any but the hardiest life. The natives who didn’t get out of the way either were killed or were corrupted themselves into monsters, same for the animals, and even the plants changed into horrific versions of their original form.”
“We’re fine, Little Fox. A little worse for wear, but we both came back in one piece.” Dean hugged her close and then handed her over to Cas.
“Exactly,” Sam bobbed his head, and tucked a strand of hair behind his ear. “Familiars are a deeply ingrained part of the magic. They’re like… they’re like heddles on a loom. They keep the threads of magic from tangling as a Witch pulls on and uses it. That sigil wasn’t preventing Amara from using magic like those Witches who created it thought. It prevented her from channeling through a Familiar and therefore controlling what the magic actually did. My theory is that, unlike Cas, that didn’t prevent her from trying. She’s been out there, for centuries, warping the magic.”
Her gaze turned more assessing, then she nodded once, briskly, and stood up, her skirts rustling with the movement. “And your name?”
A few more words of good-bye, and they were out the gates headed towards Rockville and the longer journey beyond.
Life quickly fell into a routine. Dean worked with Cas more intensively in the mornings, then they broke to work on the various tasks that needed to be done to keep Willow River running smoothly. Sometimes Dean hunted game near the settlement, sometimes he worked with Bobby, learning handyman tasks and lending an extra set of hands to whatever the older man was doing. By the time they were done, everyone in the settlement would have a number of bookshelves to their name. If only they had actual books to put on them. Ah well, they worked just as well for storing pots and pans and any assortment of knickknacks.
Dean rolled his eyes. They all turned at the sound of gravel crunching under boots to see Cas approaching. He was looking particularly good today, Dean thought, with his worn dungarees clinging tight around his thighs, and his lightweight blue cotton shirt open at the throat. The sleeves were rolled up to just below his elbows.
“Oh, absolutely,” Gabe agreed easily, entirely ignoring the aura of barely leashed lightning that had settled over the room. “A Witch that is strong enough to survive centuries of imprisonment, one that required an elaborate magical prison to keep her contained, who corrupts everything she touches, and voiced a desire to ‘reclaim’ these lands. Let’s gift her with a powerful Familiar. She’s bound to do nothing more than invite us all over for tea, once she gets what she wants.”
“Awesome.”
“Anyhow. I’ll leave you now. Get some more sleep. If you’re well enough we’re heading back to Willow River in the morning.”
. It’s just who you are, Cassie. How you are.”
The entire first day, Dean didn’t get a single whiff of corruption. That was good news, at least.
“Containing what?” Dean reached out, his finger hovering over a sigil that looked vaguely paw shaped. “I feel like I should know this one. My mother showed me something similar when I was a child, it has to do with Familiars.” He brushed his finger lightly over the edges of the shape.
“We aren’t entirely positive, of course,” Cas started, “but we may have found the source of corruption.”
Gabe tucked his hands in his pockets and rocked back on his heels. “Try not to let Cassie get reeled into any Angelus politics,” he told Dean.
”Cheater.” Rufus chuckled, making it clear he wasn’t serious.
“Yes, Dean?”
Gabe, the traitor, laughed. Cas heard a swift slap. “Ow! Charlie!”
Cas plated up breakfast for whenever Gabe made it down, and brought a plate of his own to the table. "Are there any chores left undone while I was away?" he asked Charlie in return.
Every step was more difficult. Whatever was on the other side was terrible. Dean felt like he was slogging through a mud slick after heavy rains.
“Maybe it thought Pigeon was an actual pigeon,” Gabe speculated.
Cas tried to glare, but couldn’t quite keep the corner of his mouth from twitching in a smile.
Dean couldn’t even complain, much. His role was mostly to be there and allow Cas to use him to funnel larger and larger amounts of magical energy to the Witch. The flaws in technique were nearly all Castiel’s own perceived errors.
Cas stopped Smoky and swung down out of the saddle. The smile that graced his lips was a revelation – warm and happy, relaxed. Even his shoulders lost some of their tension. Dean’s breath hitched in his throat. He was suddenly breathtakingly beautiful.
“Yes, I was tasked with acquiring certain needed supplies, as I mentioned earlier.” He nodded towards the sack, then sat down on the second bed. There was little room between the two; space was at a premium in this sort of establishment.
“Traitor.”
Times like that, Dean would just Shift. Cats weren’t fussy the same way. A bit of rough ground was nothing. Human skin bruised so easily. Charlie had done a decent job laying the bedrolls down, however, Dean didn’t have a single distraction to keep him from watching Cas.
Cas swallowed and looked away. “Good morning, Dean.” He used a spatula to shift the eggs around, making sure they cooked all the way through. “I hope you slept well.”
They passed through a central yard ringed by buildings. One had a roughly painted sign hung from a roof overhanging a porch, labeled ‘The Saloon’. Dean chuckled to himself. He hadn’t seriously believed it was just called The Saloon. Holy hell.
“So hand him over then,” Walt muttered.
In the distance, the clouds dispersed, leaving the sky bright and blue with the autumn sun.
“Oh, man.” Dean leaned forward, setting his mug down on the table. “How far have you gotten?” he asked Bobby, tone in a conspiratorial whisper. “Has Amos started courting Winnifred yet?”
“Yeah, I made the bookshelf.”
“If your brother and father are Witches, then you are aware that Witch magic is far more rules-based than Familiar abilities.”
The door opened on its own, a cloud of green-purple haze escaping into the fresh air. “What are you doing?”
The upstairs was simple — a small landing with three doors opening off it. One of the doors was colored in a pattern of purple with green polka dots. A second was painted in a buttery yellow color, with a daisy intertwined with a pale pink rose carved into the surface. The third door was natural wood, with a small bee. A witchlight encased in a glass globe hung from the ceiling, glowing with a soft white light.
“Oh my God, why did you put that image into my brain? Cas, you are evil, man.
-oOo-
“Cas’ previous Familiar was female, right?”
“I resent that,” Gabe complained as he finally made it down the stairs and blearily walked to pick up his plate of food. He slumped down at the table and nodded his thanks when Charlie nudged a mug of coffee towards him. “Everyone loves my additions to the usual. Who doesn’t like getting a little something extra for free?”
Cas sighed again. “In any event, I was bonded with a string of Familiars, all of whom had no fondness for me or for Witches in general. I didn’t understand why my experience with Familiars was so different from that of the tales I’d read and romanticized in my childhood. Mother told me they were fairytales written by the general public, those who had no idea how a Witch/Familiar bond was actually supposed to work.”
Even with the frustrations of the exercises, the last few days had been just what he needed. There was so much space to stretch his legs. A little bit of civilization would not be a bad thing, however. Somewhere to make a proper dessert. Dean was in human form, and as neatly dressed as could be managed given the circumstances, so as to make as good an impression as possible.
He deliberately pushed his hands into his pockets, reminding himself that most of Gabriel’s anger was born of fear. “I apologize, Gabe,” he said softly. “I know that my leaving when I did made you worry.”
Cas knew that Dean was worried over Gabe’s reaction. He could feel the low-level buzz of anxiety along the newly strengthened bond between them, a prickle that Dean couldn’t hide from him no matter how much he tried. Cas hated to admit it, but that worry was not without justification. Gabe’s temper could be formidable, and when he felt wronged, he wasn't particularly forgiving. It wasn’t a good sign that Gabe had not followed Charlie out the gate.
“I have observed that about you.” Cas smiled fondly, “Do you need to shift? You seem to be better at it as a cat.”
“I wasn’t too fond of the situation either,” Cas replied. He set the canteen down and took the opportunity to look around. Dean had found them a cave. He doubted he would be able to stand at full height, but there was enough space that he didn’t feel claustrophobic even with the two of them. He couldn’t see much out the entrance besides trees and brush, but the sound of rushing water made it obvious they weren’t far off from the river. The bluffs, then. Dean had somehow brought him so far as the bluffs and constructed a bed of grasses and foliage while he was passed out. The light was dim, but bright enough outside that he could see well enough.
Jody, Donna and Charlie followed inside and peeled away to join Gabriel, who was already holding court with his special brand of exaggerated gossip.
Dean shrugged, winced. Apparently he’d pulled something somewhere along the way.
“Whatever you say, sweetheart. All the fresh caught fish you could want.” Dean pushed a lock of hair away from Cas’ forehead and placed a kiss there.
“Your brother?” Dean asked.
Cas was in the house. He looked up from his book. “Good evening, Dean. Have you had a good day?”
Bobby slanted Dean a look. See? Put right to work.
“I didn’t name the horses, Dean,” Castiel answered while pointedly not meeting Dean’s gaze.
Cas leaned down to kiss him, then sat up again. “Returning to the topic of my family, I would like to speak with them, I believe. If there is any chance to repair my relationship with them, I should make the attempt. With you by my side the risks would be much lower.”
“The unwritten rule is that so long as you don’t cause problems here, what you did before you got here is your own business,” Gabe said. “Don’t ask. If someone wants you to know, they’ll tell you.”
Something had killed one of
Dean’s head dropped and he took in a deep breath. “I don’t think that. I know you care,” he said, his answer subdued.
Sam shot a sharp glance at Dean, his eyes going a little wide. Dean returned a small, delighted smile. He couldn’t help that reaction. Cas was… Cas was everything.
“Thanks, Cas. Dinner is almost ready, by the way,” Dean said, giving the skillet a shake over the fire. “Nothing fancy, just a little rabbit meat stew with potatoes and carrots. Have to use the fresh stuff we brought with us before it goes off.” The rabbit he’d hunted while shifted, then skinned when he was human again.
The next attempt, Castiel moderated how much power he was pulling in from Dean by a great deal. It took three sigils before he felt he had the process correct.
It felt fantastic to be able to stretch his legs. Dean had spent as much time as he could riding on top of the coach to avoid the stuffiness of the interior. That was fine, but nothing like knowing that the stagecoach part of the journey was well and truly over. He didn’t particularly care for being in forced proximity to smelly strangers for days at a time. He could be charming and flirty, both of which he’d used to advantage during the trip, but damn, it was good to be at his destination. Suddenly waiting a year for the return trip held a lot more appeal.
Dean froze. Cas watched with infinite patience as he attempted to come up with alternate explanations for the steady hum of want that Cas projected through their bond. Finally Dean dragged his gaze away from his hand curled around Cas’ ribs to meet the Witch’s gaze.
“Been a while since we’ve been able to relax,” Dean agreed. Their walk here was long and tiring. If it weren’t for the rejuvenating magic Cas used on them they’d be utterly exhausted by now.
Still, not everything about returning to Willow River promised to be welcoming. Cas shifted uncomfortably.
“I suppose you are right.” Cas sighed and snuggled closer against Dean to take advantage of his body heat. “I expect fresh caught fish for breakfast. I’ve been injured, you know, and need to regain my strength.”
“I’d have to agree with Bobby,” Jody said, leaning back against the wall, her feet crossed at the ankles in a deceptively casual pose. “This is what we’ve been looking for, an opportunity to deal a huge blow to the corruption. Even if Dean and Cas are the key battleground, that doesn’t mean there won’t be, and shouldn’t be, any side skirmishes. She’s already proven she’s willing to send others to do her work.”
“Maybe so,” Cas mildly agreed. “I never turn down a chance to learn how other Witches work.”
Cas stiffened, then made a terrible sound that Dean never wanted to hear again.
Sam stepped forward, hand extended. “You’re Castiel Angelus,” he said, turning on his best manners. “I’m so pleased to meet you. Dean’s written of you in the most favorable terms.” Sam always had been better at the polite society thing than Dean. Maybe it was part and parcel of being a Witch.
“Castiel.” Ellen curled her palm around the nape of Cas’ neck. “Castiel. Rufus is gone.”
“To the exclusion of almost anything else,” Gabe said. “Let me tell you, no one can be quite as oblivious to everything other than what he’s focused on than my brother.”
Cas raised a brow as he studied his Familiar. “Yes, of course. I had to leave most of the books at the Angelus family library behind when I left with Gabriel, but I was able to take a handful with me. I have since managed to acquire a few more. There were two books in the package cousin Balthazar sent with you from New Avalon, rare books on arcana. He hesitated. “Would you like to see them?”
Cas gritted his teeth. “Right.” He waved his hand towards the bottle of whiskey. “Help yourself. Is there anyone here you would… want to be open to it?”
“Rider approaching!”
“Sounds lonely to me. Sure you don’t want to come out and play?”
Eventually he noticed another presence in the garden. Opening his eyes, he saw Dean sitting on the low stone wall, his long legs stretched out before him. “Hey, Cas,” he quietly greeted him.
“Mutual, I’m sure.”
Dean stretched, one of those long feline stretches that began from the tips of his forepaws and rippled up his legs, through his torso, down his hips and hind legs, and all the way to the tip of his tail, arched up over his back. He yawned as well, displaying his enormous jaw and sharp teeth. Castiel shivered again despite himself.
“Yes,” Cas agreed. “I can shore the structure up with magic, make sure it doesn’t all fall down on our heads. This is as good a place as any to make our stand until the supply wagon has had a chance to make it back to Willow River.”
“If you’ve got the skills to do it,” Dean agreed. “This place... Willow River in general... it’s got more of a community feel to it than I was expecting. Not sure what I was expecting, honestly, but wasn’t quite this.” He suddenly grinned. “So what do you think of Gabe’s paint choice for the exterior? I think he’s disappointed he hasn’t started a fad.”
The next afternoon, he heard a commotion in the commons. Looking up, he saw a horse trotting in — and a familiar form on top of that horse. The rider reined in and swung out of the saddle as a hawk cried and swooped down from the sky, coming to rest on the apex of The Saloon’s roof.
She rolled her eyes and swatted at him with her towel. “Don’t you ‘ma’am’ me, kid. Go warm up your seat, I’ll be there soon’s I get these other drinks poured.” The saloon wasn’t so busy that she had to stand behind the bar all the time.
“Yes. I know. Even so. Be careful, Dean.”
It hit him, then, in perfect clarity what he had been avoiding fully acknowledging. He wanted Dean, in every way possible. Either one of them could have died. It was time to let go caution and reach for what he wanted.
Dean made it out the door first. Gabe looked him over, then turned back to his breakfast.
“I think I just prefer ‘Dean’.”
A crowd had gathered just inside the gates. Cas was certain everyone currently in residence had to be there. Charlie jumped down and raced away, ready to shift back to her human form.
“Yeah. She is. Promising that Dean was able to scent out that corruption on your way here. We’ll have to see how much better he gets at that now that he knows what to look for, and if he can leverage you to extend the range of his senses at all. One of us should check on the weather, too, make sure we know what to prepare for.” Weather scrying wasn’t completely reliable, especially here on the frontier, but Gabe was good at it. Gabe’s talents were stronger in the more chaotic and unpredictable magics, as well as the fanciful ones.
“Were you working towards a permanent bond with her?”
Today promised to be a lovely summer day. The sky was clear with only a few clouds, and the early morning mist from the river would soon burn away. He made his way to the low stone wall bordering the garden and stepped inside.
“Yeah, smart move. I would have been... well. Annoyed, to put it mildly. Whether or not I’d have been annoyed enough to head right back east, I don’t know. Probably not to New Avalon, but I might have chosen to disappear somewhere else entirely.”
All too soon Dean was no longer in his line of sight. Cas stood still, backbone stiff.
“That’s because you have a bony ass,” Gabe told her.
Rufus considered that. “All right, I’ll give you that one. The crap is hard as hell to get out of your clothes and hair. You can burn the clothes, but the hair?” He reached up and ran his hand over his closely-shaven head. “There’s a reason there’s almost nothing here.”
Dean didn’t actually help load up the horses on the morning of their departure. As he suspected and warned Cas about, there was a lot of nervous eye-rolling and hoof stomping on the part of the animals. The mule was less perturbed than the horses, but still hardly comfortable with his presence. He thought it best not to get anywhere near their backs where they would feel vulnerable. He did stick nearby, though, so they got used to his scent.
“Yeah. But first…” Dean crossed the short distance between them, cupped the back of Cas’ head, and leaned in for a gentle kiss. “Had to do that.”
Dean shuddered. “So what’s the goal, here? To keep it from spreading? Or to open up the frontier for further settlement? I’d always heard the latter, but… fuck, man. I can’t see letting people live here. Way too dangerous.”
“What’s that?” Dean asked, reaching over to take one and examine it more closely. There was a tiny sigil etched into one surface, a simple one.
On the morning of the third day, Dean was roaming ahead and to the side, padding silently through the trees. He could hear and smell Cas and the horses on the trail behind, close enough for comfort, distant enough to allow him some privacy. Castiel Angelus wasn’t a bad companion, but for all that they got along, he was still a stranger. Dean needed some time on his own. Cas had told him they should be arriving at Willow River late today, as they’d been making good time. The weather had been cooperative; they’d had nothing but sunshine and pleasant temperatures.
“We’ll talk about it later,” Gabe decided. “With everyone.”
“CAS!” The door downstairs crashed open, and the shout was repeated. Charlie, it was Charlie, her voice higher and spiked with worry. “CAS! Get down here, there’s trouble coming! Riders coming back hurt!”
“No,” Cas protested, shaking his head, but he stumbled at the nudge. Dean had never seen him so drained, so completely wrung out. “No. I can help.”
By the time the building was shored up and cleaned up as much as they reasonably could the sun had set. There had been one more attack while they were settling in, but nothing in the hours since their dinner break. Cas nodded towards the porch, lifting his brow in question. Dean nodded in agreement. They settled down on a stable corner of the porch, still inside the wards, and looked up at the vast expanse of star-spangled sky.
Charlie took an extra half step and bumped up against him. “So… you and I are the only two Familiars here. Everyone’s used to Familiars, so you don’t have to worry about that part anyhow. They know the value we offer. I know back east sometimes people look at us sideways. Here you’ll just have to prove yourself as a person, not because of what you can do.”
His protective charms had done what they were meant to do. Not a trace of corruption from the bear’s claws clung to Cas’ skin. He pulled more energy from Dean, felt Dean open up to him fully and completely.
This was new for the four of them, and yet establishing a routine was simple. Charlie laid out the bedrolls and winked at Dean as she set his right near to Cas’.
“I know that, but still.” He looked around, curious. Dean remembered that Sam hadn’t been here yet. Even finding his way to Willow River had been new for him. Dean wondered how successful he would have been if it weren’t for Jessica’s ability to soar high and spy the settlement from a distance. “We’ve got the plan. We’ll stick to it for as long as we can.” If there was anything he knew about plans, it’s that they rarely survived the first encounter with the opposition.
“There are at least walls and a fire to cook over, right?” In truth Dean wasn’t sure what he expected. Cas had a point that a few trips up into the mountain were not the same thing as the frontier. Even so, he had confidence in his ability to adapt. He wasn’t some high society miss that would wither away in less than ideal conditions.
“It would be oddly beautiful,” Dean commented as he came to stand shoulder to shoulder with Cas, “if my skin weren’t twitching with how wrong it all feels.”
It took a moment before Cas answered.
Dean frowned at that. “That seems backwards to me. Even if you don’t have a bond or a contract, there’s benefits to working with the same person until you get it figured out. A close friend is an excellent mentor. I worked with my father a lot, even though he was, of course, bonded to my mother. Once Sammy got old enough I started working mostly with him, under their guidance."
“No. I mean… yeah, but…” He looked over at Cas again.
Cas used his magic to create a spark once he had the kindling properly arranged. “We did not show you the scope of the corruption to demoralize you,” he said. “But it’s important to know what we’re up against. We can’t let the corruption get a foothold on this side of the river. My personal goal is less to tackle the west so much as to be vigilant on this side of the river.”
Ellen wrapped her arms around him, hugging him fiercely. “No, baby. No. You can’t. You can stop him from turning into something he’d never have wanted to be, but you can’t bring him back.”
“Still true.” She pressed a kiss to his cheek before turning to Dean. “Good morning!” She leaned over to hug him too, taking a deep breath when her nose was against his skin. “You smell cleaner than you did yesterday.”
“You good?” Sam asked, taking the blankets and arranging them over the two of them, gently tucking them in around their legs.
Dean turned his head and caught his lips, smiling fondly. “Thank you. Time to hit the trail again.”
Ellen ran her hand down his arm. “He’s getting better. Sleeping now, regaining his energy — but he’s been awake. Ornery old cuss when he’s awake, now.” A faint affectionate smile crossed her lips. “Which means he’s on the mend. At first he didn’t say anything, just passively sipped the broth I made from him. Now he’s swearing at it before he drinks it.”
“Sam?”
“I take offense to that. Anyone would be lucky to have Cas’ regard.”
“I am getting a bare echo of what you can feel and I question how you can stand here so calmly.” Cas took a step out onto the rock. A puff of steam hissed out of the ground, accompanied by the acrid stench of sulfur.
Cas flicked a concerned glance towards him, clasped his shoulder briefly, but said nothing as he went about starting the campfire, methodically layering tinder, small twigs, and larger pieces of wood.
Cas placed his hand over Dean’s. At first Dean thought he was going to push his hand away, but then he laced their fingers together and squeezed.
Still, the Angelus Witches had a reputation for a good reason. Without knowing the reasons that Castiel Angelus had chosen to come to the frontier rather than live a privileged life back on the east coast, Dean couldn’t know what he was letting himself in for.
“You’re really settling my worry over him blaming me for everything there, Cas.” Dean let go of Cas’ hand just in time to catch Charlie as she leapt up into his arms. She chirruped and whined in distress even as she nipped and licked at Dean’s face, her ears flattened to her head and her tail puffed out.
“We don’t have a lean-to,” Cas observed.
Dean shuddered, his fur rippling from his neck back to the base of his tail. Cas felt the apprehension settle and shift into determination.
“You should expect a bit of a party tonight, to welcome you,” Gabe said. “We don’t get new people very often. Cassie coming back would be reason enough to gather tonight. Having fresh blood too? Definitely expect to see most of the population at the saloon tonight.”
-oOo-
To commit to Minimum One year
“No. You don’t have to like it.”
“Gone,” Dean was quick to assure him. “That spell was badass. You’re amazing.”
“We didn’t when you left,” Gabe corrected. “Added it while you were gone, on the back of the house. Can’t expect Dean to share with Charlie the way Nora did. People would get uptight about that.”
Jess made a tiny choked sound, but then just smiled radiantly at him. She moved over to him, hugging him tight. He hugged her back, dropped a kiss against her temple. This wasn’t the time, yet, to talk about it. But soon.
Castiel sighed and pulled enough magical energy to close up Dean’s wounds. “She is very powerful, very skilled. She’s working spells we’ve either forgotten or never knew to begin with.”
Cas inhaled deeply and braced himself for what was to come. Besides brief periods of Charlie’s assistance, he had been cut off from the greater grid of power for months, compounding the grief of losing Nora.
“Oh. Um. No. No, I don’t mind. I’ll get some more business done. The sooner we can leave, the better.” Castiel backed out of the room, closing the door gently behind him. In truth, spending a little bit of time away from Dean would be a good thing. He could gather some perspective.
Ellen smiled. “Thank you.”
“Yes, as best I can tell from what I feel out of you through our link. When I reached sixteen, I was informed that it was time for me to form a contract bond with a Familiar, because my talents were needed to support the family’s goals and aspirations. I had no reason to question that.” He was uncomfortable telling this part of the story, but he and Dean were getting to know each other well enough now that it seemed important. Gabe and Charlie both knew this already, but they wouldn’t share the story with Dean. Chatty they might both be, but they wouldn’t tell a tale that wasn’t theirs.
“No, Dean. We both know I can draw more from you when you are shifted, and the energy is purer. I need that.”
He looked across to Dean. “In any event, that was the beginning of my experience with magic. I was immediately fascinated with it.”
Dean pulled his knees up and rested his arms on them, then rested his chin on his bicep.
“We can make a door, as well,” Cas said. “Gabe isn’t much of a carpenter. I’m surprised you managed to put together a room that appears solidly constructed.”
Cas was getting good at interpreting Dean’s expressions, cat form or no. The emotional link from the bond certainly didn’t hurt.
Donna moved over to take Ellen’s place. She nodded her head in Bobby’s direction, encouraging Ellen to sit by his side now that he was stable. “You’ve done everything you can, Castiel. More than could have been expected. Come with me, now. Dean and I will get you all tucked up into bed, nice and warm. Won’t we, Dean?”
“Of course, Dean,” Cas replied, a new softness around his eyes. Dean wistfully thought he would far prefer to just stay up here with Cas, explore their new bond in the comfort of Cas’ room rather than a hard cave floor, but duty called.
“Huh. Didn’t Gabriel use his magic to paint his house?”
“Hello, Mr. Winchester,” Castiel greeted him, extending his hand. He hoped Winchester didn’t notice the slight tremble. “I am Castiel Angelus, at your service.”
Apparently Jesse and Cesar were out, as well as Max and Alicia. “Huh. You’ll have to explain the system to me when I get back. Or maybe sometime when I haven’t been drinking.” He flashed a grin at them, then gave a jaunty wave and headed outside.
Dean shivered at that.
-oOo-
“I will handle Gabriel, Dean. Let him rage against me.” Gabe wouldn't hurt Cas under any circumstances. He wasn't so sure that Dean would enjoy the same restraints, and if Gabe hurt Dean... Cas wasn't sure he'd be able to forgive his brother, no matter how much he loved him.
Enough of the residents bought him a drink that Dean barely remembered stumbling back to the Angelus house at the end of the evening, half supported by Charlie, and getting tucked into bed that Garth had found some time to deliver at some point . The bed rustled, the mattress stuffed as it was with sweet hay and lavender rather than the wool he had back home. The mattress was supported by a webbing of rope, and sagged when he toppled over onto it.
“Had help. Anyone wants work done, they need to pitch in or barter. Don’t feel like pitching in, well then you can have a dirt-pack floor for all I care.” He pulled a plumb bob out of his pocket and set to squaring the doorway.
Gabe scowled at Dean. “Now look at what you did.”
Cas almost said no, but then thought better of it. “Would you check the wall, see if any of the stones are loose?”
“Cas.” Dean turned away from the tin the tea was stored in to face the Witch. “Everyone has their own reasons for coming out here. You said that yourself. If she didn’t know what she was getting into, she would have figured it out pretty quickly after arriving. She chose to stay. I… all right. I can’t actually speak for her. I can speak for myself, though. No matter what happens from here I don’t regret having met you.”
“You’ve been tracking, alone, a corrupted bear that dwarfs you in size.” Cas’ temper started to flare.
“Yes,” Cas answered, equally softly. “I want you to see the true border of the frontier. This portion… this is recovering, more quickly with our assistance. But you need to see what the corruption can do, unchecked.” Cas’ blue eyes gleamed where they reflected the soft glow of the banked embers from their cookfire. He was lying on his back. That didn’t seem like it would be comfortable, but who knew. Maybe he wove some sort of a spell to create a cushion of air beneath himself, to protect himself from the inevitable rock in the middle of his spine. Or ass cheek.
Dean groaned at that one. “More evidence you would get along great with Sammy.”
Dean thought the risk was worthwhile, though. He needed to get out of New Avalon.
A grinding noise reverberated through the area. The columns at the back of the cave sank down into the ground amidst great clouds of dust and a painful groaning sound. When the dust cleared, an open archway stood at the back of the cave.
He held Cas’ gaze as long as he could. His eyes drifted closed just before his lips brushed against Cas’ in the lightest of kisses. When no protest of pain or even discomfort came, Dean allowed his weight to settle entirely. Dean slid his hand up along Cas’ rib cage with the intent of following a path all the way up to his shoulder and then down to link their fingers together.
“Well. I prefer the Saloon,” Gabe said.
He squinted as he watched the horse and rider approach. Something wasn’t right. The rider wasn’t reacting at all to catching sight of the stockade. Usually there was an increase in pace, a wave, something. Some reaction that the end goal was in sight. Dean opened himself up a little more to the flow of magic.
Dean grumbled as he looked away. The tip of his tail started flicking back and forth.
“I can tell you now, but I would prefer to wait until Dean is here. He had a closer look at them. Also, I’ve called a meeting at the Saloon. This is something everyone needs to know.”
Dean accepted the knife from Cas with a nod of thanks and a small smile.
“Dean, no!” Cas thrust his arm forward to grab at Dean, but he was too late.
-oOo-
Dean shuddered.
Edging his hand lower, Dean’s fingertips just brushed against wiry curls when pounding at the door made him jump. “Fuck!” he exclaimed, jumping back.
“Good thought, Gabriel. Thank you.” Cas looked at his brother, then opened his arms. Gabe stepped into them, and they embraced. “You take care of yourself as well as Willow River. I expect to see you well when we return.”
“Of course not. Think she knows we’re here?”
Cas usually called for a break when that happened.
The rifle was ripped out of Dean’s hand, followed shortly after by the sharp retort of it being fired. The rider dropped off of the back of the horse, which took advantage and started to run.
“I’m not opposed to being put to work,” Dean replied as he moved to hold the door open for Bobby. “Do you have a workshop where you do the smaller projects? We could talk about the latest adventures of Amos.”
“Yeah, that might have worked better if you hadn’t opened with a threat, lady.”
Dean offered.
“Next time we go out, we’ll take Red instead. Give you a break. A few extra apples to make up for whatever fright you suffered out there.” Dean didn’t see any scratches on him, at least. Not new ones.
The problem, or benefit depending on the situation, with speaking telepathically, was emotion came across as well. Cas didn’t have to say a thing for the affront to come across loud and clear. That only made Dean grin.
By the time Dean returned back to Peppermint House, his muscles were pleasantly sore from a day of labor. After mixing the draff in with the feed for the cattle, he’d ended up assisting Bobby with fixing one of Rufus Turner’s chairs, then spent some time weeding in the garden. Weeding was, apparently, a never-ending task.
Dean chuckled wetly, and settled back, keeping his arm around his brother as he turned to face the community.
Maybe some of that started with him. He wasn’t all that happy about it himself. So many things could be wrong. Sure he was the one being served up on a platter, but in the end he was still a conduit, feeding and filtering the power but not actually using it. On top of that, Amara had an interest in keeping him alive and functional.
As they approached Willow River, the pure wilderness started to give way to ever growing signs of habitation. Trails too clumsy to have been left by wildlife. Snags of thread left on branches. The scent of woodfire in the distance.
he finally said a full hour before noon.
Dean sat up from the bed, swung around to set his stockinged feet on the floor. The socks were grimy and stiff, Castiel noticed, but made of finer cotton rather than thick wool. He blinked, then focused his gloriously green eyes on the Witch. “Ugh.” He moved his mouth, rolled his shoulders and blinked again, reached for his canteen and poured a small stream of water in his mouth, swished it around, then swallowed. “Heya, Cas. Slept some, yes. It helped, though I’ll be better after a full night’s worth. You go shopping?”
going. And those eyes. And the... shoulders. The thighs. You definitely don’t look anything like a booky Witch.”
Cas relaxed. “No?”
Cas was no passive participant. With the first nip of Dean’s teeth against his lower lip, he brought his hands up to grip Dean’s hips and held him in place.
Sam nodded. “Absolutely.”
Shit. He needed to stop letting his fancies get away from him, especially now that their bond was getting stronger and Cas could catch hints of what Dean was feeling. Dean flushed and turned his attention to gutting the pronghorn.
Dean appeared at his side, reaching up to lightly clasp his shoulder. A thread of encouragement and support pulsed through their bond, accompanied by one of his beautiful smiles. “You got this,” he said softly. “If you need me, just call. I’ll be there faster than you can shake two sticks.”
“Argh,” Gabe called back.
“I know, Cas.” Dean took a large bite of his pie, and was occupied for a while chewing it. “We’ll stop once it’s dark. Best I can tell it’s a bear that got Rufus and Bobby.” His hand tightened around Cas’, the only outward indication of his feelings. “I’m not the best at mundane tracking methods, but sure looked like bear paw prints to me.”
“She didn’t really have anywhere else to go.” He drew small patterns on the cover of his book with the tip of his index finger. “You know her shift form was a crow, right? She loved to fly, loved pretty things. Transporting that tea set out here was a challenge, but she couldn’t bear to part with it. It was her mother’s, and it was beautiful. Gabe and I made sure to protect it with magical cushioning. It was extra work, but worth it. She liked to wear pretty things, as well. In most ways life here in Willow River didn’t suit her. She would have fit in better back in New Avalon society. She liked to do embroidery, too. She did the needlework on the placemats.” They didn’t bring them out often, but Dean had seen them, with their delicate floral patterns. “And the tea towels.”
“Yeah, I know, but some of you take it a long, long way, getting lost in esoteric spell books that have little to no practical application. The joy is in the study of the spells rather than in figuring out how to apply things.”
“No, I’m not. I’m perfectly fine.”
“That thought had crossed my mind. I try to remind myself it’s premature to get too excited about it. But early indications are… favorable.”
“The same Bobby that built out my bedroom?” Dean asked as he offered a hand to shake before sitting down across from the older man.
“Do you think it’s safe to send scouts?”
Cas looked at him, his blue eyes flashing through different emotions too rapidly to track. Even the connection between them swirled and shifted, until it steadied with resolute determination. He squeezed Dean’s hand and tugged him slightly closer.
“Thank you. It smells very good.” Cas stood up and brushed off the seat of his pants before joining Dean at the fire.
He was horrified. Seeing Bobby like this… seeing Rufus like this… Dean didn’t know Rufus as well as he knew Bobby, but what he did know he liked.
“Looped around the saddle horn,” he confirmed.
“I’m not good at patient.”
Dean nodded slowly. Cas wasn’t sure if it was in agreement or just in thought. “One battle at a time,” he repeated. “For now... let’s just get some rest, then get back to Willow River.”
There wasn’t supposed to be any corruption east of Willow River, either, so Dean understood he shouldn’t rely on that.
Sam wrapped him in his long arms, hugging back just as tightly. “Hey, Dean.” His voice was thick with emotion. “Thank God you’re here.”
As soon as Cas and Dean’s attention was elsewhere, Charlie took off after Gabe. Her message was delivered, she could be more help elsewhere.
“Mr. Winchester.” The gentleman behind the desk stood and extended his hand. His hands were smooth, clearly indicative of a life spent in intellectual rather than physical pursuits. He had an accent that suggested he’d either been born overseas in the old world or else thought it made him sound more cultured, and a thin, precisely groomed mustache. “Pleasure to make your acquaintance, sir. I understand you are inquiring about the advertisement for a Familiar in the frontier lands.”
Their fight brought them back to the entrance of the cave, snarling and rolling, both trying to get and keep control over the other. The woman in black shouted, her own rage mere background noise. Dean shifted to avoid another swipe of the bear's giant paw, twisting his muscles. He ignored the wrenching pull; there was no time to indulge strained muscles. The bear roared. Dean's ears were ringing, but under the ringing was a low, tortured, grinding sound. That... something was wrong about that. He looked up overhead just in time to see the rock of the cave's roof cracking, splitting, a fissure streaking through the stone like a bolt of lightning across the summer sky.
No. He wouldn't let himself think that way. There. They'd left Smoky and the supplies just over that ridge. Once he got to their packs he could tend Cas' wounds better, make him comfortable, brew one of those teas and force Cas to drink it. All he had to do was make it a little farther. With a burst of energy, he made it that last distance to where they had left Smoky and their supplies.
“The details… perhaps I’ll share them someday, but with Gabe’s pointing me in the right direction, my eyes were opened. I… didn’t care for what I saw. I considered standing up and sharing my indignation, but then I remembered that our father had disappeared, and perhaps there was more to that than I realized as a young child. I chose not to do anything until I met with Gabriel — and when I met with him, I brought money and my most prized possessions. We left New Avalon that very night.”
“I know.”
“Not only the four of us. Jody’s strict rotations and rules have kept the residents of Willow River safe.” Cas finished his pie and brushed his hand off on his trousers. He was amused to imagine the reaction of his elder brothers if they caught a glimpse of him now. Heathen. Dean held a handful of berries in front of his face next, which he accepted with a murmured thank you.
“Bobby made most of the markers. I think it’s a way for him to work through his guilt. He feels responsible, whether or not he actually was, for every loss.”
“Families. They’re something else, aren’t they? I miss mine like crazy, at least my immediate family. I promised them I’d be back after the year of our original contract was up, either just to visit or to stay if we didn’t decide to renew.” He laughed. “They’ll be surprised at this. At us.”
“It’s like that saying,” Charlie piped up. “How do you eat an elephant? One bite at a time.”
Dean stroked her back, lightly tugging the long blonde braid. “You and Sammy take care of each other, yeah? And you watch out for him when I’m not around.”
“Also complicated. Despite her derision for fairytale, my mother occasionally has moments of fancy. Especially when under the influence of narcotics such as during and directly after childbirth.” Cas finished his own glass of whiskey and set it down. He removed his boots and sat down to make himself comfortable on his bed. “Now that you better know what we’re facing, you can be more involved in plotting out our action against the corruption.”
“After you get yourself cleaned up. You’re a filthy mess. Both of you are.” She turned to fix Cas with a stern gaze as well.
Rockville was small enough that he could easily guess which building was the boarding house. Even so, he allowed Castiel to pass in front of him and lead the way. The view was well worth it. The long coat he wore swung with every step he took, shifting around his long legs, moving around his rear to give tantalizing hints of its shape. His hat concealed most of his hair, though a few wayward dark tufts curled against the base of his neck.
Dean was good with his hands, and it didn’t take him all that long to pick up on the basics. It didn’t take them any time at all to finish up, and there it was. A nice, new, solid door in place of the burlap curtain.
“What image did I put into your brain?” Cas blinked as he handed over a glass of whiskey to Dean. It wasn’t any special vintage from back home, it was one of Ellen’s. Sometimes the good burn of grain whiskey was exactly what he wanted.
-oOo-
“Just. Tell me more about this bear. How are you tracking it?” Cas took another bite of his lunch. Eating was important. Keeping his strength up could be crucial.
Dean rolled his eyes as he walked up to the dead bird. He rolled it over with his foot and noted the black veins branching out across the vulture’s red head. “Corrupted. We need to burn this.” He jumped back as it burst into flame practically under his feet. He turned to glare at Gabe.
Cas didn’t know how he felt about it. It was more than a little bit of a shock to find a Familiar that his brothers would have been avidly pursuing instead sat here with him. It did explain a lot, though, about the sheer difference between partnering with Nora and partnering with Dean.
“Cas.” Dean cupped Cas’ cheek and brushed his thumb along his cheekbone. “Right now you need to put some love and care into yourself. I know you just woke up, but you have enough energy to heal yourself? I don’t think any of the corruption touched you, but I’d feel better if you looked yourself.”
Just like when Cas first brought Dean to Willow River months ago, a streak of red approached at speed shortly after the walls of the stockade came into view. Home. Relief mingled with apprehension as they approached. Cas was definitely looking forward to the pleasures of his own bed — and perhaps more importantly, a thorough bath in steaming warm water, the heat soaking into his muscles. Perhaps Dean would allow him to use some of the fine milled soap he’d brought from New Avalon. That soap was so much less harsh. His skin actually still felt smooth rather than all tight and dried out.
“Well, me, Charlie, same thing.”
She lifted her face to the sky after the caves opened, disappeared, then reappeared in the mouth of the cavern.
Charlie wasn’t a big fan of horseback riding in people form. Gabe had a woven basket strapped to the saddle for her to jump up into and ride that way when she didn’t feel like running alongside any longer. She didn’t use that quite yet, though. She chose to range on out ahead of Gabe and Cas.
Dean nodded. Fair enough. “How’s Jess? Charlie, everyone else?”
Castiel narrowed his eyes. “You could just tell me.”
“It’s a little bit nicer once you get past the gate,” Charlie assured him. “By a small degree of nicer. Not so muddy? Most of the time.”
Cas held his gaze for a long moment. “Dean needed me,” he said, simply. “He didn’t know he did. He thought he could go out for his vengeance by himself. But he needed me.”
The flavor of the worry he projected was less sharp than what came through for Bobby last night, but still discernibly there.
Cas’ fingers stilled for a moment before resuming their soothing massage of Dean’s scalp. “I confess I’ve not thought that far ahead. With you, everything is different. When the four of us first arrived here at the Frontier — Gabe, Charlie, Nora and I — we were content to have a place where we felt we could make a home and provide a much-needed service.”
“Hard to know, but… seems like it would.”
Mary took a deep breath and closed her eyes for a long moment, centering herself. “You will do well,” she said. “As much as I will miss you, this is the right decision for you. You’re strong and well-trained as a Familiar, and your shift form is well-suited for the frontier. You have the skills, training, and instincts to not only survive, but to thrive. Just remember to be cautious, until you know the peculiarities of your new home. And remember that despite having signed a contract, if the Witch awaiting you is the wrong sort, you just turn yourself around and come back home, you hear?” She adjusted his collar, then patted his chest.
Dean frowned, feeling distinctly outvoted. “I don’t want anyone to get hurt on my watch.”
“Yeah,” Dean replied. “We sort of accidentally, sort of on purpose full-bonded. The temporary bond was blood and incantation, right? There was a little bit of accidental blood this time, other sorts of fluid exchanges, and a whole lot of chanting.”
Holding Dean’s gaze, Cas brushed his fingertips along the Familiar’s collar bone. He curled his hand around the charm still hanging from Dean’s neck. It was blackened around the edges, but still intact. “Remind me to thank your family for the love and care they put into your protections.”
“I had to shift quickly, didn’t have time to make sure I didn’t bust right out of what I was wearing.” He paused long enough to accept the shirt and shrug it on with a small smile of thanks. “Would have lost the shirt anyhow. Bandages.”
Dean was acutely aware that this set of skills was one he’d never learned. There was something fascinating about it. “Could you teach me to do this?” he asked abruptly. “Carpentry? Did you make the bookshelf inside, too? The one Cas keeps his personal collection on, the ones that aren’t magic?” Dean hadn’t seen where Cas kept the magic books, though he’d seen him with them now and then. He suspected he kept them in his room upstairs.
“What?”
“The rest of the community, too,” Bobby declared.
“Appreciate it, little fox.” Dean pulled her in closer. “Besides, you shot down Walt for the exact same idea,” he pointed out to Gabe.
A cool cloth placed on his forehead, along with the soothing presence of his Familiar, eased the pain. His Familiar. “Dean!”
“Me, you, Rufus… Ellen. Maybe Jody, maybe someone else. Gabe, potentially. He enjoys playing. Cas never does. Depends who shows up.”
-oOo-
“So,” Charlie said when she and Cas were well clear of the house, tapping him lightly on the upper arm. “Tell me everything about Dean Winchester. You’ve practiced together? What was it like? He’s awfully handsome.”
“You might not want to hear this, Charlie,” he flicked his eyes in her direction, then went back to carefully brushing the dust out of the horse’s coat, “but I’m not actually sorry I went. I could have handled it better, no lie. Even so.”
Cas still felt a sense of wondrous bemusement when he considered that somehow Dean had answered that ad. Dean was amazing. Dean was everything he could have asked for and more, a powerful, well-trained Familiar who knew his own mind and strength. There was potential there, potential for a full permanent bond. Maybe even… He swallowed. There was mutual attraction there. He felt it sometimes, through their link, a little heated thread woven in with the more utilitarian conduit of magical energy. Sometimes that thread pulsed, and he’d caught Dean looking at him more than once.
“I am a man of many talents.”
“Oh, hey, Cas.” Dean smiled at the Witch as he walked into the house, already starting to strip off his filthy shirt.
“Sometimes. Depending on the severity, many factors. It can be a difficult judgment call, at times.”
“How angry is Gabriel?” Cas asked as he stroked her ears just the way she liked, soothing. Her fur was soft against his bare chest, tickling slightly.
“Pad’s not really big enough for both of you.”
“Easy there, sweetheart.” Dean offered Cas a small smile, thrilled at the possessive note in his partner’s voice. “No, she can’t have me. She doesn’t know that. She doesn’t know we’ve completed the permanent bond.”
“If left unchecked, would this eventually spread all the way to the east coast?”
Dean thought to him.
“Don’t know what you’re talking about, old man,” Roy sneered.
Cas nodded, drew energy from Dean, and sent a bolt through the wards to incinerate the creature where it stood. It howled and yipped in the instant before it turned to ash. Casting these spells was so easy, with Dean. None of this would have been possible with Nora. Not the strength of the wards, not the ease of the offensive spells. None of it. Now that he and Dean had accepted the most permanent form of bond, Cas was astounded by the breadth and depth of what he could do. It was intoxicating. Sometimes he felt as though there was nothing he couldn’t do.
“No one gets to have you but me,” she cried out furiously, locking his gaze with her.
The other residents of the house were currently out. Dean was used to taking time on his own, so living in close quarters with three other people was an adjustment. This was nice, to have the afternoon here with Bobby the only other one around.
Charlie was the first one to break the silence. “Well? What did you find?” Her gaze bounced between Cas and Dean.
When the group returned to the house, Dean was sitting in the front room, cupping a mug of coffee between his hands. He’d changed out of his trail clothes into a clean shirt and trousers, and had wiped down his boots. His hair was damp, which made it darker than its usual sandy blond.
Cas shifted, deliberately turning his back towards his brother. Gabe started flicking tiny pebbles at his back, but Cas ignored him. “I was happy with my studies. There’s something pure about working magic, something joyful.”
“We are making better time than anticipated,” Castiel said, as he began to make biscuits over the campfire. His back was towards the stream, where he had left Dean’s clothes on a boulder. It was much more difficult than it should have been not to turn and look when he heard the rustle of cloth indicating Dean getting dressed behind him.
“Gabe’s better at that sort of thing than you are.”
Dean flashed Gabe a quick scowl, hoping that his face wasn’t turning red. He didn’t want to think about what Gabe was insinuating. Not so soon after arriving.
He turned towards his right and locked gazes with Cas. Cas still wasn’t happy about this. Dean could feel a twinge of sourness wrapped around the connection between them, just barely noticeable between the softer, warmer emotions.
Gabe himself was sitting at the table, a mug cupped between his hands. For a short man with a terrible taste in clothes, he was incredibly intimidating there. The set of his jaw was firm, his normally sparkling whiskey-brown eyes were hard as flint. His shoulders were pulled back, tension keeping them high.
“Okay.” He intended to take that to heart. She was right; it was difficult not to be curious. Curiosity was alright, he supposed, so long as he didn’t act on it. There were so many things he was curious about. A lot of them centered around Castiel Angelus. Their lawyer cousin Balthazar hadn’t told him much about the circumstances that sent Cas and Gabe out to the frontier. Apparently he hadn’t told Cas and Gabe much about his own circumstances, either, which he had to reluctantly admire. Mr. Angelus the lawyer surely owed more allegiance to his own kin than he did to a random Familiar he happened to sign to a Witch/Familiar limited contract, sight unseen by the Witch.
Dean finally said through their connection.
“Waiting for you,” Bobby answered. He tapped the table, indicating that Dean should start dealing.
Verbal communication was no longer necessary. Each of them opened their bond to the other so fully that it was difficult to differentiate between the two. Dean traced a path down the length of Cas’ spine and felt a phantom touch along his own. Cas scratched his nails lightly down Dean’s thighs as he removed Dean’s pants entirely, and Dean knew that Cas felt it too.
“You may have to learn to do it yourself,” Cas answered her solemnly. “Or talk miss Jo into it.” He winked.
“You did the best that you could. More than expected.” Cas let go some control on his side of the bond so that Dean could share in the tinge of awe Cas felt as he realized just what it would have taken Dean to get him here to safety. He knew he succeeded when a flush spread across Dean’s cheeks, making his freckles more prominent.
Dean turned back from the bags and shook both of their hands. Jody was a no-nonsense woman, probably a decade older than himself, dark hair cut in a short, practical style that would be considered scandalous back in New Avalon. Women there were expected to have long, luxurious locks.
“Easy. Easy. You’re going to start bleeding again.”
Cas tensed beside him. “He already has a Witch.”
“All right, that’s done. So.” He dropped Castiel’s arm as the cuts swiftly healed and stood up to start shedding his clothes. “Time to shift. Man, am I looking forward to that.”
Midday, three days later, the trees thinned out ahead of them. Dean stopped right at the tree line, his tail slashed back and forth in agitation. Some twenty feet back, Smoky planted his hooves and refused to move forward another step.
Damned if he hadn’t found one, too, with Jessica Moore.
“Hey, I was doing just as much of the chanting as you were. This is what we both wanted, right? You aren’t upset?”
Gabe growled under his breath, but nodded. “Fine. I’ll be here when you’re ready.”
“I’m actually not sure. He already had his name when I first made his acquaintance.”
“Just let me go wash up some, and I’ll meet you there.”
“Then I will bring my own travel desk down and copy these drawings for our library.” He brushed Dean’s hair back from his forehead and leaned in for one more small kiss. “I will be back.”
“Well that was the poorest attempt at a compliment I’ve ever received. I also have eyes? I’m all aflutter.”
It was. They both knew it. But Dean still nodded in agreement, pushing down the sudden ache of homesickness. He hadn’t even left yet. He had no business being homesick.
“I like to read.”
In the archway stood a woman dressed in deep black flowing robes, the kind worn by Witches hundreds of years ago. Her skin was pale but clear, her dark eyes piercing. Dark auburn hair cascaded over her shoulders. Her skirts moved faintly. She turned slightly until she was facing them.
“Not much sun to be had the middle of the city, Sammy. Taking advantage while I can.”
“With you, yes, but we’re bonded now. She isn’t.”
“No. I mean… I don’t know what you mean.” No one flustered him quite like Pamela did. He didn’t even know why, it’s not like she didn’t say some of the exact same things Gabe said trying to get a rise out of him.
Gabe’s scrying revealed that a storm was due the next day, which left everyone hunkering down in the Saloon, keeping each other company with cards and tales, even some music when Max and Alicia brought out their instruments. The day after that was clear skies in every direction. The sun was barely peeking up over the horizon as Gabe, Charlie, Dean and Cas headed out of the gates towards the west.
As typical in the spring, there had been a lot of rain. The primitive roads west of the rail terminus were questionable under the best conditions; in the spring, they became muddy and even more difficult to travel. Castiel was not surprised when the stagecoach arrived some two days late. Really, two days was far better than he had allowed for. He waited on the boardwalk just outside the post office as the coach pulled in, caked in mud and laden with trunks piled atop the roof. The trunks were tied down with a net of ropes.
“Where did you even learn how to, city boy?” Gabe asked as he watched Dean work with easy confidence.
He flexed his fingers into the earth, encouraging the ground cover to grow and spread, covering the earth with clean green grasses, flowers poking up near the markers. Pink roses for Nora; she’d loved them, and they always made him think of her. Daisies for Bill Harvelle, different flowers for each marker, chosen specifically for them.
“I’m not much a fan of the two of you heading off either,” Jody spoke up, frowning unhappily. “Something has to change, though. We’re running out of time to get the big supply run in from Rockville. We wait much longer, the big wagon won’t make it through and the winter is going to be more difficult than most.”
This was different. Nora had been stronger than many female humans, but her shift form had been a crow, so her abilities tended more towards enhanced vision over enhanced strength. Castiel had been physically stronger than she was, and was physically stronger than most of the people at the settlement. Watching Dean lift the trunk, knowing he was strong enough to do so, was unsettling. Incredibly appealing, but unsettling.
“Wouldn’t mind a couple departures,” Rufus commented, pointing with his chin in the direction of the waste trenches. “Sometimes I wonder why certain people stay.”
Sam nodded, as if that fit exactly with what he expected. “Drawing on larger amounts of power warps the magic. Tangles it. Makes it impossible to do what you actually intend to do.”
He settled down onto the ground before the bare earth, crossing his legs and placing his hands flat on the ground. Closing his eyes, he sent a gentle pulse of magic through the soil to nourish and refresh the plants. Unlike the vegetable gardens, the plants here were chosen for their beauty and soothing nature. Ivy grew along the low stone border wall. Flowering trees shaded the markers, and beds of perennials chosen as much for their fragrance as their color nestled at the base of the trees.
Dean’s left ear twitched.
“Something tells me cleansing this corruption is a lot more taxing than setting wards.”
“That how you break the rules, Cas?” Dean asked as he followed the man over to the long table where Gabe was holding court. “Find enough ways to bend the definition that you get what you want without actually deviating from the letter of the law?”
Cas nodded. “I will help with the bags; they are more than a little heavy. We will also want to separate out the supplies before everyone arrives on the doorstep to claim what they requested.” His voice faded away as he headed out after Charlie.
“This is going to take me longer than it’s going to take you to get ready, but yes.” Dean leaned in to steal a kiss. “I want to be thorough.”
“Thank you,” Cas said. Dean decided to let Cas handle the discussion as much as possible. Besides, the venison roast tasted amazing enough that he struggled to remember his table manners.
Dean glanced down at his hand resting near the tea cup. It looked incongruous there. Large and rough in comparison to what Nora’s must have looked like. Dean liked wearing nice things, he could appreciate pretty things. Surface similarities didn’t mean he was anything like Nora at all.  This was the most Dean had ever felt like he was an intruder in this house. His shoulders twitched, uncomfortable in the space he stood in.
It takes two days to prepare. On the morning of the third day they head out towards the cave.
Cas nodded. “Dean and I will go alone.” He handed Smoky’s lead to Gabe, turned back towards Dean. “Are you ready?”
By the time the two of them were ready to head out, both trunks were emptied out and repacked into bags more suitable for pack animals. The trunks themselves were sold along with surprisingly little of Dean’s other belongings. Castiel did suggest he traded in some of his fancier eastern clothes for more roughspun, sturdier alternatives. Dean thought that was a smart move, though he retained one finer set of clothes. One never knew when there might be an occasion to look one's best.
Cas took a moment before turning towards him and taking the pack. He sighed, ran his hand lightly over Dean’s head. Somehow it was easier to touch when Dean was a cat.
Even so, he felt a chill pressure exerting itself. “Open to me, pretty one,” she commanded. “Give me your power, if you want to stop the destruction I will heap upon your little riverside hamlet.”
Cas paused, considering. “That… is a fair statement,” he had to allow.
“Hey,” she said.
Charlie sighed, finished her coffee and dumped the mug, then moved behind a convenient rise to shift.
“It will be.” Cas sank into Dean’s hold. “I am simply tired. Gabriel is slightly appeased, but he’s going to be snappish for some time. He doesn’t get over things quickly or easily. I told him about the sigils; he wants to know more. Come back, get your proper bath and dress in proper clothes and then we can give him a preview before the meeting.”
Dean actually turned pink at that. “Glowing, huh? Well. Uh. My mom? Mary Campbell.”
Dean shifted his trunk slightly as he waited for Castiel to lead him from the stagecoach to their destination.
His eyes shot open to find his field of vision taken up entirely by a pair of gold-flecked green eyes. “Dean.” His voice was hoarser, deeper than usual from disuse. He reached up, his fingers skimming the stubble along Dean’s jaw, finally burying his fingers in Dean’s hair. “You’re all right.” Touching Dean, knowing he was real, was well worth the burst of pain from reaching up.
“I don’t think I’ve ever counted, properly.” Dean tipped his head back as he thought about it. “I believe the last one I read personally was number 287.”
That was a complicated topic. Dean deserved a thoughtful answer. They had tied their futures together with the bonding, impulsively. Castiel didn’t regret that for a moment, but there were discussions they’d never had but should have. “I have Gabriel with me. I have little desire to spend any time with my other brothers, or my parents. My grandmother… I have fond memories of her, and some of my cousins, such as Balthazar.”
Dean looked at him then, curious but determined not to ask. Their words echoed in his mind.
“Mm. Point.”
“Yes,” Cas agreed. “It doesn’t feel entirely natural.”
“It’s going to be some time before you go anywhere, Dean Winchester,” Charlie told him as she joined him at Smoky’s stall. She crossed her arms on the door and watched him work.
Existing in a sort of haze, time passed as Cas methodically unwound and burned out every tangled, oily thread of corruption twining through Bobby’s body, until Cas stumbled upright and backed away from the cot. “That’s all I can do for him,” he said, his voice low and grumbly. “It’s up to him now.” He took a deep breath and turned towards Rufus. He set himself, and walked forward. Dean could feel the determination in his Witch, the steel backbone.
Dean cocked his head to the side. “You have magic?” he asked her.
Cas swore under his breath. “Gabe is out to assist?” That was the usual protocol... as soon as they knew, as soon as the scouts were in range to communicate distress, others would go to help, and Gabe was usually in the lead.
Donna set a plate of cookies down in front of Bobby as she circled around past him, breaking the tension in the room. She followed that up with a kiss to his whiskered cheek, then found her own seat next to Jody. “The question now is, what do we do about it? From what you said, sounds like this lady isn’t about to give up on getting her hands on Dean.”
By the time Cas made it up to join him on the tower, the rider was close enough it was clear what was wrong with him even to the naked eye. Black veins crawled up his neck, across his cheeks, up into his hairline.
“Not at the moment, no,” Dean agreed with a grin, rubbing his hands together. “I know who my new favorite person is, though. Tell me more about this honey apple pie.”
“Well, that might take a while to happen.” Charlie arched an eyebrow. “Gabe is not happy right now. You might want to sleep in the barn.”
Dean leaned in for another kiss, regretful this time. Like it or not, the mood had been ruined. “Been here long enough to figure that one out, sweetheart.” He sat up, careful not to fall off the edge of the bed. “But here’s an idea — we build a house of our own. Just the two of us.”
Gabe walked up to give the charred feathers a better look. “We could just give her Dean, like she wants. All our problems solved.”
“Probably not,” Dean agreed easily. “But neither is staying here. We still have patrols to run. You and Gabe haven’t stopped going out on your patrols.”
“No doubt it is a very nice door. Good.” She picked up a spare cloth and wiped her hands clean. “I’ve just finished mashing the grain for the next batch of whiskey. Why don’t you go on back and gather the draff to add to the cattle feed.”
Perhaps he could sear it using magic. Now that he thought of it, that would likely not be too difficult. He’d just have to alter a fire spell slightly… He blinked and shook his head, focusing again.
Cas hung the pouch around his neck, tucked it under his shirt, then nodded to Dean. Dean stepped back into his room, stripping quickly and efficiently, packing his clothes into his satchel, then shifting into cougar form. He brushed affectionately against Gabe and Charlie’s thighs before dropping the satchel at Cas’ feet. After packing that last bit away, Cas shrugged into the pack, and they were off.
They’d already skipped ahead in some respects, while testing the communication limits, but resetting wasn’t a bad idea.
-oOo-
Cas sighed. “Yes. I understand.” He leaned forward to place a kiss on Dean’s mouth, soft, almost reverent. “I feel the same. We will do this. We must.”
-oOo-
“Corrupts it?” Dean asked, eyes narrowed in thought.
-oOo-
“We didn’t spend all our time in the city,” Dean told him. “We would take family trips up north. I’m a big cat. Mom, too. Even Dad and Sam liked to get out of the city now and then.”
“I can do that. And while I do, will you tell me about your friends?”
Cas snorted, then winced at the indelicacy of his reaction. That was hardly respectful of the deceased. “No. We were not suited for a permanent bond. Both of us knew it. We were friends, though, and neither of us had another partner to work with. Working out here on the frontier, we weren’t likely to meet anyone else for the near term, but we both expected, one day, to return to more civilized parts of the world and perhaps we would terminate our contract at that point.”
Cas rolled up his sleeves. “I’ll need some water,” he said, his voice gruff. “We need to clean him up, see what exactly we’re dealing with here. Dean… I apologize in advance. I may not be as controlled as I usually am when I am drawing strength from you.”
“I’m…” Cas cleared his throat, cheeks flushed. He was thankful that the bond was more muted when his Familiar was in human form; it allowed him to pretend Dean had no notion of what was going through his mind. The small quirk at the corner of Dean’s lips said quite clearly that Dean did have a notion. This was not the time to pursue that track, either way. “I’m fine.”
Cas laughed softly at that. “I did try not to wake you. You were sleeping quite soundly when I woke.”
“I will have your power, little Familiar. For too long I have been without, making do with what I could do on my own. You… you are like the richest of wines, aren’t you. So pure, so powerful. What I can do with you…” She laughs. “We’ll start by showing your companions how futile disobeying my orders was. They will pay. Oh yes, they will pay.”
They reached the stable, where Garth was unloading the animals. He’d already finished with Smoky and Red, piling their packs to one side of the stall and the saddles on the other. He was finishing up with Pigeon.
“But I am not going to disrespect a potential life-time love by suggesting my sole interest in them is for their sexual prowess and other such superficial things.” He was vaguely aware that he sounded terribly prim and proper, like a school marm riding herd over a class full of students with an iron thumb. “If all I wanted was to fuck then rejection would be nearly meaningless.”
He sat there now, face tilted up towards the sun, eyes closed. “You really are a cat,” his younger brother Sam commented, as he sat down next to Dean.
“Relax. That you’re willing to pull your weight, do your share of the work. We’re a community here, far away from civilization. We have to depend on each other. You don’t have to like everyone. That’s unrealistic.” She leans closer. “And just between you and me, a couple of the folks here are very hard to like.”
Cas exhaled, nodded, and resumed. “I didn’t understand this until much later, but my family had either discovered or learned of a way to warp the bond between Witch and Familiar so that the balance was tilted strongly in favor of the Witch. I had little in common with Otto, and Otto… Otto hated the Angelus family. He hated
“Shh, shh,” Dean crooned, stroking Cas’ leg, then moving up to card his fingers through his hair and drop a light kiss on his temple. “I’m going to go get you something to drink, something to eat. You drained yourself too far, idiot.” Dean felt wobbly still himself, but stronger than Cas.
The sudden backrush of magical energy surged through Dean and into the ground, knocking him out cold.
Cas considered that for a moment, how best to answer her. “Yes. It will take some getting used to. May I tell you something, if you promise not to share with Gabe?”
Dean went to get it. “Come on, you can shift back at our place — and then you both can tell me what the hell you’re doing out here when you’re supposed to be back in New Avalon.”
“It seems unlikely that sex was the direct cause,” he finally answered. “Not entirely unrelated, though. Dean…”
“I know!” He hunched his shoulders. “Believe me, I wasn’t a fan of watching it happen. He’s fine, though. Now.”
The meat made his mouth water.
Dean knew intellectually that it was unlikely there would have been time for Sam to reply to his letter by the time they returned, but he was still disappointed when yes, there were letters from his family, but all were dated well before they could have received the request for more information about the sigils on Amara’s prison.
Cas glanced back, arching a brow. Dean flushed harder and quickly looked away.
Bobby grinned back. He stepped forward, running a hand over the rope bindings around the logs. He tested the tension and strength of the knots, tested the sturdiness of the logs. When he finished he nodded in satisfaction. “Good job, kid. What do you say to a nice big beer and a game of cards? We can deal you into a game.”
Dean laughed in relief. “Glad to hear it. Can I go see him?”
“I’ve no desire to get dragged into anything to do with Michael or Lucifer,” Cas answered for himself. “With luck, Balthazar will be the only one to know I’m there.” He took his turn hugging Charlie. “We’ll be back this way soon enough. Neither one of us want to make the big city our home.”
“Yeah, okay. I can’t really argue with you about that.” Dean inhaled sharply. He let go his uncertainty on a shaky exhale. “How is this for something I wouldn’t do for anyone else?”
“Maybe. Actually yeah, it would be, but I don’t know that it’s worth the effort.”
“Which would also require sugar. Upon further reflection, I am quite certain that sugar is already on the list. My brother has a fierce sweet tooth and would not neglect what he considers a staple food.”
Ellen nodded.
“That’s right, sir. I am.”
Ahead, a swath of death consumed a patch of the forest floor. There was no other word for it. A foul-smelling ooze leaked from multiple wounds in a mound on the forest floor, killing everything around it. The normal healthy green of trees and grasses was eradicated, replaced with dead brownish-purple vegetation.
Dean’s magic stuttered and pulled back involuntarily when it touched the oily edges of the corruption, its purity and brightness muddled. Dean himself growled and lashed his tail.
“Cas! Dean! Oh my goodness gracious, we were all so
Though he trusted Balthazar more than any of his other cousins, there were no guarantees that he’d actually succeed in finding a Familiar willing to move to the frontier at all, let alone one Cas would actually be compatible with. Still, he didn’t absolutely need to like his Familiar in order to enter a temporary contract.
“Doesn’t hurt, though, right?”
“Well.” Charlie’s nose scrunched up as she thought about it. “Max doesn’t seem to mind that his gun puffs out purple smoke every time he shoots it.”
It felt good to be a cat again. Dean stretched, spreading his paws and popping his claws out of their sheathes before retracting them again. He wound himself around Cas’ legs, head-butting him affectionately.
Very well then. Cas stepped forward towards the bar, seating himself on a high barstool and facing the others. Dean followed him, then hopped up to sit on the bar counter, positioning himself slightly behind his Witch. Cas nodded to him, grateful for the support.
“But Cas…”
He stood when he saw Cas and Charlie weren’t alone. Dean set the coffee down and strode over to relieve them of the burden of his bags and set them aside for the moment.
That… he had never thought of it quite that way before. “There is probably some truth to that. It also helps me to center myself when I am feeling unsettled.”
“Well, yeah. Cas. No one wants to live where there is no dessert.”
“Dean and I will draw off the attacks, then,” Cas nodded decisively. “I’ll go speak to Ellen about getting supplies together for a long patrol.” He strode off towards the saloon before waiting on any sort of response.
Cas nodded towards Dean in thanks, silently impressed with his adaptability. He took another breath, re-centering himself, then began to shape their magic. He worked it along the edges of the corruption, cleansing it. He chose a starting point, then gradually worked in a tightening spiral until he reached the point where it bubbled to the surface,
“We do, yes. I don’t know if you saw them yesterday, but we have a small number of milk cows here. Three, to be precise, and a single bull to service them as needed. Getting them here was quite an adventure, to be sure, but everyone agrees they were worth the effort.” He took the small pitcher of cream out of the keeping box and set it down near Dean.
“Bobby…”
“I’ve got a good eye for it.” Dean shrugged.
“Yeah, no.” He glanced at Charlie. “That isn’t going to happen.” Now that he’d gotten to sleep next to Cas, he wasn’t going to give that up for anything.
“I am. We’re not particularly close to the Campbell side.”
-oOo-
Castiel cocked his head to the side. “Your brother has a dual-Familiar bonding? Fascinating.”
Some things were easier to ignore than deal with.
“Of course. Now get out of here.”
“Yesterday I’d been on the road for three days,” he pointed out. “Good morning, Charlie.” He smiled at her. The hug felt good, so good. Ordinarily he wasn’t touchy with people he barely knew, but somehow Charlie was different. Maybe it was the kinship of being the only two shifters here, or maybe it was just something inherently Charlie.
“Horrible,” Dean supplied.
Dean chuckled, raised himself up on one arm to lean over Cas’ shoulder and drop a kiss behind his ear. Cas turned enough to capture his lips. The kiss started out soft and sleepy, but didn’t take long to go deeper. Damn, but this was so good. His Witch —
“Many of these I haven’t seen outside of the Angelus library,” Cas agreed. “They are old, and not much used in modern times. Taken together, the purpose is… containment?”
Cas did feel better when he woke in the morning. He sat up and squinted at the sun. It had already cleared the trees, so well past dawn, then. Next he glanced around for Dean and spotted the cat sprawled out in the sunshine. His ear flicked back, indicating he was aware that Cas was awake, but otherwise did not move.
was there, dressed in black, her dark red hair blowing in the wind. Artfully. She was beautiful, he couldn’t deny that.
Cas reflexively hugged him back, spitting out a mouthful of dark hair. Garth handed him straight into Bess’ embrace, and from there he was passed around at a dizzying pace. He lost track of who was hugging him or clapping him on the shoulder with heartfelt words of welcome. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Dean likewise being passed from person to person. Ellen hugged him first, then smacked him upside the head. Cas vaguely heard something about ‘damn fool, racing off alone like that. Don’t care if you’re a cougar, still a stupid move.’
He was curious himself about everyone who had chosen to move to the edge of the frontier, to such proximity to the corrupted lands. What drove them? Were they seeking opportunity, or escape? Maybe a little of each? Being one of the first to claim freshly cleansed land meant the opportunity to gain large tracts, but the risk was astronomical. If they missed even one spot of corruption, everything could be destroyed in an instant.
“Don’t tell me you’re shy, my darling.” She came forward, but stopped at the edge of the bleached out area. Interesting. Perhaps she couldn’t go any further than that, with the projection she was using. “Come to me.”
“That is a ridiculous statement. Beauty is beauty, whether it comes in a male or a female form. Beauty itself has no gender. And handsome does not convey entirely the same meaning.”
Cas’ breath caught as he looked down at Dean like that. He was beautiful, so beautiful, and the casual intimacy took his breath away. His heart hammered against his ribcage. “I doubt you—“
Dean hid his smirk behind his hand. Trench rotation was the worst duty, in his opinion. Dealing with sanitation was unpleasant, to say the least. At least they had Witches to help manage the stink, but there was still no getting around the need to deal with waste.
“Contract is only for a year,” Dean pointed out. Reminded them both. “I’ll come back then, either way.” Either for a visit, or returning home to stay.
Dean might not be particularly fond of proper etiquette and manners, but he did know what they were. He returned the bow. “Thanks.” He knew what they were and only sort of followed them.
Cas stopped, fingers moving to fasten the buttons of his shirt.
Castiel stepped up onto the front porch and stamped his feet to dislodge as much of the dirt and mud as he could from his boots. He set the trunk down and opened the door before picking it up again. “After you,” he said politely. Dean liked his voice. It was low and rough, though cultured and polite enough. Something about it made a little lick of heat curl low inside him.
Pamela was an experienced scout. She knew better than to take extra time to question Dean, not when he snapped instantly on alert the way that he had. She dropped down off of the lookout tower and made a run for it towards the Peppermint house.
“Dean. We have a partnership. Do you think that I don’t care Rufus died? That Bobby still could?”
Gabe looked sharply at him and frowned. “I don’t like that.”
“Is there a threat associated with it?”
Then his thoughts turned to Bobby, and Rufus, and he found himself involuntarily growling.
Charlie bounded up to him and made to pounce on his back. Her discipline would improve once they were farther from Willow River, but for now any risks were small. Dean flattened at the last moment so that she sailed right over his back. It was but a moment to pin her to the ground, his massive paw covering nearly her entire rib cage. He rumbled at her in mock warning.
They both stood and brushed the dust and twigs off. “Gonna miss you,” Sam said.
The two of them made sure Red and Pigeon were clipped securely to Castiel’s saddle, but Cas chose to walk along with Dean out of town rather than mounting right away. They walked for about a half hour before Dean ran out of patience with his human form.  They were far enough away, now, and plenty of scrub brush around.
Dean was the first to wake up the next morning, with no memory of having drifted off to sleep the night before. After adding wood to rekindle the banked fire, he wandered over to the river to wash up.
Castiel did not gain visual of Dean again until twilight, as he finished securing the animals for the night at their chosen campsite.
“You ever think about what you would do if you didn’t have to be fighting the corruption any more? If — when — we figure out how to take out Amara. What next, what after that?”
This was the opportunity Castiel had been waiting for. “My cousin Balthazar’s communique was frustratingly vague. He neglected to specify what form that would be.”
“I’ll show you how much every day. I promise. Every day.” He dipped down to press a soft kiss to Cas’ lips. “Every day.”
“Oh hell no,” Dean answered, immediately and vehemently.
“You got it.” Gabe hugged tight, his hands clenched in Cas’ long beige canvas coat.
Broad shoulders filled out his dark red work shirt, and his arms were muscular without having the bulges of a blacksmith. His waist and hips were narrow, his legs slightly bowed. But the truly breathtaking aspect was his face, perfectly proportioned. His hair was overly long, a middling brown with golden sun streaks.
Cas would have never believed it if he hadn’t seen it himself.
A knock sounded on the door, followed by Cas coming through. Dean looked up to offer a small smile. “Hey, Cas. Sorry for taking off, but I didn’t think there was anything else I could add. Everything okay over there? I didn’t hear any explosions.”
Sam spread his hands in a universal gesture of peace. “Hello,” he said. His gaze flicked downwards, watching Gabe’s shirt for a moment, before he forced himself to look at the smaller man’s face again. Dean could almost hear his thoughts, wondering what the hell, while also secretly impressed. Wouldn’t be long before Sam was sporting mood-sensitive embroidery on his own clothing.
“Ah. My invitation has finally been accepted,” she crooned. “You have come to me. Come closer, Dean. It is Dean, isn’t it?”
“Thank you.” Castiel executed a far more perfect bow in return. “This is Dean Winchester. He is to be given full access into and out of the settlement . I will make sure to reiterate later tonight in front of everyone. Dean, meet Rufus Turner. He’s one of the scouts. Most people take shifts at the tower, too, keeping watch.”
-oOo-
“You ready to try this out, then?” Dean asked as he moved back towards the fire, and Cas. “Keeping it simple rather than pushing ourselves, right? For now.”
Dean stood there, his long black-tipped tail slowly swishing from side to side, powerful haunches relaxed. He was magnificent, a large tawny-coated cougar with the same grass-green eyes as his human form. Muscles rippled under his short summer coat. “Oh. You are
Gabe snorted, but for once chose not to speak. This was between Cas and Dean.
Cas hurried to the Familiar’s side, struggling to keep upright. Even in human form, Dean’s cat nature allowed him to be more sure on his feet. He stood up easily, keeping his balance against the rolling ground. Cas reached for their bond, hoping to use some of that steadiness to his benefit. Dean opened himself up to that deeper connection, and held his hand out to grasp Cas’. Because of the physical contact as well as the deeper bond, Cas clearly felt it when a rush of power was pulled right through Dean.
“On the other side of the river?” Cas studied it. “Probably. Or else it would require constant vigilance. Start with a small foothold, and gradually move on from there. Gabe and I have discussed the question at length. We’ve come up with a number of different theories and possible approaches, ranging from the methodical to the wildly fantastic.”
“Nora, yes. We weren’t together like that, though. Friends.” She sighed, looked out over the river. Her normally cheerful demeanor turned sad, wistful. “Her Shift form was a crow. Having a flying Familiar has some advantages. She was able to scout from the air, see the places where the vegetation was dead or dying, then direct Cas or Gabe to the spot so they could purify the area.”
-oOo-
Dean rocked back on his heels and watched. He figured he was there mostly to hand items over. If Bobby needed help, he would tell him. “Surprised Gabe didn’t end up with a nail through the forehead.”
“I’m sure there have been plenty of strong winds since it has been abandoned. It is still standing, isn’t it?” Cas didn’t feel quite as confident as he sounded, which could account for the look of disbelief he got in return.
“Dean. These are impressive. You memorized the designs?”
“Bobby?” Dean asked, his voice tentative, shaky.
She laughed. “Why, what’s your shift? I’ve never actually met lawyer-cousin Balthazar, but I’ve heard stories, and I’m well enough acquainted with his deliberately vague correspondence. He likes to surprise people. Or maybe it’s just Gabe here he likes to surprise, as revenge for some childhood slight or another.”
Dean shook his head. “No. You were right to take me here. Just... let’s get farther away, okay? And let me shift again. I’m going to need some time to get rid of this taint. God. I can’t even imagine what it would be like to be in the middle of that, if it feels so wrong even from this distance.”
Once again he wished he could figure out a way to communicate over a distance with those he wasn’t bonded with, but even with Dean the communication link wasn’t reliable very far. As they’d worked together it had grown, and now they had a range of nearly two miles, but two miles wasn’t nearly near enough for their purposes.
“Yes, I imagined so.” Cas sighed. “I will handle my brother. It might be best for the both of you to stay away from the house until I have, however.”
The soulless eyes of the rider focused on Dean. “Familiar. I am your Witch. You may call me Amara. Do you not wish to serve a Witch worthy of you? You and I, we could reclaim these lands together.”
Just as the stockade came into view, he spotted a small red-brown streak weaving its way through the scrub brush towards them. The aura of Familiar flickered at the edges of his senses, suffused with the feel of a field of wildflowers soaked in sunshine.
“I signed up either way.” Dean said with a shrug as he sat down near to the fire to dig into his meal. For having been raised in the east just as Castiel was, he didn’t appear to have the best of table manners.
“Now what’ll you have to drink?” Ellen asked.
“Sammy,” Dean rumbled at his brother, a hint of a growl in his voice. “I know that face. That’s the ‘Sammy did something really smart and really stupid all at the same time’ face. What did you do?”
“Rumors that he sometimes skirts the laws regarding consent, claiming that as the patriarch of the family he has the right to make fortuitous arrangements for his descendants, yes.”
Cas just waited.
“Like when I’m shifted,” Dean surmised.
“I’m not going anywhere, sweetheart,” Dean promised. He dragged his lips down along the column of Cas’ throat, pausing now and then for more small nips and kisses. Cas tilted his head back to allow full access.
“Oh yeah? And what does this proving myself entail?”
-oOo-
“Yes.”
Cas’ jaw set in a hard line. “This is the Corruption that we fight. It disturbs me that it is east of the settlement. I’d thought we had this area cleansed.”
“Can’t they, I don’t know, get some sort of direction on it using their magic? Or can’t you smell it yourself? When we were close enough I could smell it.” He wrinkled his nose at the memory.
“Hold his head, talk to him. I need you to hold him here while I work. The corruption will be trying to destroy his life-spark. He needs something to focus on while I work to draw the taint from his body.”
The door to the lean-to bedroom opened again, and Cas emerged. His hair was all mussed, little improved by the hand he ran through it to try and get it in some semblance of order. Dean smiled.
He stretched, reaching ahead with his large paws, then settling back, feeling his muscles lengthen, his joints pop. He flexed his claws, unsheathing them, letting them bite into the soil, releasing the rich loamy scent of the earth.
Dean was a Campbell.
-oOo-
Cas was close enough to hear him. “I have a bottle stashed in my room. I don’t know about you, but I am not quite ready for the Saloon. Come up and share it with me?”
Bobby made a sound of distress. Dean looked at him sympathetically.
Dean followed Bobby into Peppermint House, carrying lengths of wood that he’d bee assured could make a door. Bobby brought them here for that purpose, so they must be able to. He wasn’t yet sure what kind of magic was going to transform them from uneven planks into a functional door.
Cas sighed. Yes, he did know that. It was a worry, and made him determined to only link with Dean when they were focused  on a serious situation to mitigate chances of other thoughts filtering through. He sighed again as he decided to share with Charlie regardless. “When I set wards at our first campsite on the way back here, I channeled his power the same as I had grown used to with Nora. The surge of power knocked me flat on my ass.”
Dean felt Castiel’s power tingle through his bloodstream, knowing that the same was happening to Cas. He had short partnerships before. All Familiars did, as part of their training. This, though, as temporary as it was, was deeper than he had ever gone before. It felt strange, but still comfortable. Not letting go Castiel’s arm, Dean opened his mind and sent a tendril of thought.
Cassie. Never Cassie.”
“I am not going to argue with you on that. I’m just saying…”
“You are not alone, Mr. Winchester, in wishing to absent yourself from notice by either Michael or Lucifer. The Witch you would be working with is Castiel, another cousin of mine. I’ll not sugar coat it, Mr. Winchester. The frontier is dangerous. Cassie is in need of a new Familiar because his prior partner proved a touch too delicate for the life and lost her own. I will admit that ‘delicate’ is the last word I would use to describe you, however a few hunting trips a year does not prove over much to me.”
“I’m writing to Sam. I’m going to send him a copy of the sigils we found, see what he can make of them.” Dean shuffled some papers and handed the sketches over for Cas to look at.
That caused Cas to growl. “No. She can’t have him.”
Before the discussion continued down that vein, Donna stepped into the building followed closely after by Jody. “Castiel! Welcome back.” She went in for a hug before he could protest. Donna was a hugger, and always cheerful. Her demeanor meant that people who didn’t know her tended to underestimate her. Cas usually enjoyed watching her take down a corrupted creature with ruthless efficiency, faster and more deadly than most of their other scouts. “What can we help you carry back to the peppermint stick? I’ll come back around again tomorrow with some biscuits. You’ll be happy to know the bees are busy as ever and have plenty of honey to share, so the biscuits are extra delicious.”
Dean groaned. “Mom.” Maybe he could get away with taking two trunks on the train, but what about after that? A wagon or coach might not be so willing to accommodate, and from what Mr. Angelus said, even the coach wouldn’t run all the way out to where he’d be living.
“Go ahead, testing our range is a good idea. And yes, we need to start the partnering exercises to learn each other’s paths and methods, but I agree it should wait until we make camp.”
Jody stepped up to stand shoulder to shoulder with Donna. “The attacks are escalating. I don’t like that she’s sending birds at us now. Our walls aren’t going to keep birds out.” She shaded her eyes and scanned the skies. “What happens if she manages to control many of them at once, rather than the ones and twos that have been coming so far?”
“I grew up in the Angelus household, so my training was quite formal and exhaustive. I do not necessarily adhere to the more rigid teachings any longer. I take what works, and discard that which I have never found any value in.” It took him a long time to get to that point. He was more rigidly conformist than most throughout his training. Only after he’d become disillusioned had he relaxed about magic as well. “That said, there is value to working through the traditional forms when entering a new partnership. Not least is mutually understanding what to expect.”
“Jody has been telling me that her scouts are spread thin, what with Maggie recovering from that snake bite.” Thankfully she’d only taken a snake bite and nothing more sinister. “The four of us together?”
The woman behind the bar looked up as Cas and Dean approached, her eyes narrowing slightly as she swept her gaze up and down Dean’s body. The way she looked at him made him feel like he was five years old again. “Evenin’, Cas,” she said. “And you are, of course, Dean. Welcome to Willow River. First drink’s on the house.” She smiled, then, a slightly amused quirk of her lips. “But only the first one.”
Dean barked out a laugh. “You’re killing me with the dirty talk. Not necessarily. You aren’t going to know straight off that you are aiming for a permanent alliance, are you? That comes with time and compatibility. I could spook if you go in right away talking about raising kids and those other couple things.”
“Yeppers, I certainly do. I can take care of that. See you tonight at the Saloon? I know everyone wants to meet Dean. See what the cat drug in. Hah.” He laughed, amused by his own joke.
-oOo-
“Smoky?” Dean asked, accepting the rope and tugging the blue roan along out of the livery stable. Act calm, and eventually they would settle, figure out he wouldn’t harm them. “Don’t tell me the chestnut is named ‘Red?”
“Thanks.”
“So that’s what you -- we -- are doing. What do these pockets look like? And how do you cleanse them?”
“Do you ever miss the coast? The rest of your family?” Dean’s question was soft, tentative. That by itself touched Cas. Dean was rarely tentative, but with Cas he was careful, tender.
207 South Main Street, New Avalon
Gabe grinned, his eyes sparkling with mischief. “That’s where you’re wrong. It’s always Cassie. But I was talking to your mail order Familiar here, not you.”
“Hey, variety is the spice of life.”
“Not personally,” Gabe answered. “Even if they knew, they would send agents out. Too much dust, you know? Zar won’t tell them. He knows how to skate around the family drama. That’s why we chose him to handle the contracts in the first place. Besides being a lawyer, of course.”
“Good rule to live by,” she replied. “Hard not to be curious, I’ll admit. Still. Good rule to live by.”
“Are you ready to go to the Saloon and meet the greater Willow River community?” Cas asked Dean.
“You a temporary contract?”
have a one-year contract.
“Smart. Sometimes I miss the pretty things something fierce. But at least I have my Bess. She’s pretty enough to make up for most anythin’ else.” Garth smiled, his gaze briefly going distant and besotted as he thought about his wife.
“We can do that by setting additional wards at a safe distance. I don’t want anyone going out of sight of the enclosure without either of us accompanying them.”
Bobby stood before the newcomer, feet braced, his arms tensed in wary readiness, watching Sam. Gabe was there too, squared off in front of the horse. His hands were fisted, his chin lifted.
Her smile grew wider as she pulled out a thick mug from behind the bar and set it on the bartop. “Well. Gabriel is a special case, as you’ve likely already gathered.”
“We have as many theories as we have people. No one really knows.”
“We’re going to miss you, buddy,” Dean told the horse. “We’ve been through a lot together. You, me and Cas. We don’t have the funds to get a stock car for you on the train back to New Avalon. Besides, they need you more here, huh? Especially with all the new people flooding in.”
“It can be cured?” Dean asked. This was something that wasn’t covered in school.
By their very nature Witches tended to be more academically inclined than Familiars. Castiel’s greatest regret about relocating to the frontier was leaving behind the majority of his book collection. He found the differences in training methodology between the two endlessly fascinating. Perhaps at some point in the future Dean would indulge his curiosity, and talk about his experiences.
“Most cases?” Cas asked for clarification, his eyebrows scrunched up in concentration.
“The top of the ridge should be far enough.”
That plan scattered to the winds when his thumb brushed across Cas’ nipple and the man arched up into his touch with a breathy moan. That was all the encouragement Dean needed to turn the light, searching kisses into sharp biting ones.
“I don’t know who you think you are, lady, but no,” Dean replied.
After a silence that started to stretch on too long, Castiel began to muse aloud. “The outpost isn’t so old that we have mature fruit trees. We have apples, but peaches might be difficult to obtain. Not impossible, perhaps, if someone is willing to send some canned. Or dried might be easier. Do reconstituted dried peaches work in peach cobbler? Even sugar is precious.” He considered further. “If sugar isn’t already on the list of things I am supposed to bring back with me, it can be added. If peach cobbler is important to you.”
to work together. Living in the same house helps to get to know the new kid, but not quite the same thing, is it.”
Cas merely scowled harder, though he was hard put not to simply laugh.
Cas’ unquestioning acceptance of Dean’s discomfort felt good. Dean had seen Witches scoff at a Familiar thinking something was wrong. It was good to know that Cas wasn’t one of that type of Witch.
Ellen slammed a whiskey down in front of Dean, most of the contents sloshing over the side of the glass. “What hornets nest did you boys stir up without telling the rest of us?”
“This sigil was originally thought to prevent a Witch from accessing magic. What it actually does is hide any and all Familiars from the Witch. The basic end result is the same, in most cases, hence the confusion.”
“No,” Cas stated firmly. “No. We are not turning Dean into the final battlefield. It could kill him.”
“Why do you stay?” Dean asked. “You don’t have to answer if it’s too personal, but…” He shrugged. He was curious. This was a difficult life, and from what he’d seen, not too many of them were doing this work for altruistic reasons. Even Garth and Bess, who were two of the sweetest and purest people he’d ever met, were doing it in the hopes of starting a farmstead of their own once the corruption was cleaned. Land here was dirt cheap, practically free for the claiming. It was fertile, too, from what he’d heard. Only drawback was the corruption, which, yeah. One hell of a drawback, to his mind.
“Seriously?” Dean gaped at him. “Oh my God.” He leaned back against the wall and laughed. “Cas. Castiel.” He could feel that Cas was completely puzzled. There wasn’t even the slightest hint of mischief or amusement in their bond. “You don’t have even the slightest hint of a dirty mind, do you. Sam and Jess. Imagining what it would be like if he were with her in a library. You know.
He returned to the room some three hours later, wondering if that was enough time for Dean’s nap. Was he really napping? Why did a healthy adult Familiar require a nap? Though he
He was unsettled himself. Nervous. This was a risk, he couldn’t deny that to himself. The problem was that she had to be stopped. Had to be, and this? This was their best shot at it. Cas was the strongest Witch Dean had ever met, and he knew without any false modesty that he personally was capable of channeling and controlling for more magical energy than most Familiars. That was why Amara wanted him.
Charlie settled beside him, tucking herself under his arm and leaning into his side. Dean wrapped his arm around her, grateful for her presence.
Untamed environment. Must be willing
Dean hid his own grin, knowing that Cas wasn’t likely to take it well. He brushed the sides of his trousers with his thumbs. “Not that much about Willow River. We were mostly working on the bond.”
“Hey, it wasn’t my fault that Michael and Lucifer gave such an open-ended directive to their staff about giving me access to the library. It isn’t my fault they think if your name isn’t Angelus, you’re shit at magic. It isn’t my fault I’m so far beneath their estimation that I was left completely unsupervised right next to poorly maintained and easy to dismantle obscuring sigils. They were practically inviting me right into the private library collection to browse and borrow at my leisure.”
Balthazar’s letter was only able to give a vague arrival date for Castiel’s new Familiar. There were far too many vagaries of travel to consider. For that reason, Castiel arrived at Rockville, the nearest town of any size,  a week before Mr. Winchester’s expected arrival with plans to stay up to a month waiting on the stagecoach. There was plenty of business to conduct in town in the meantime, even if he did get fidgety thinking of all the ways he was needed at the Willow River outpost. Gabriel and Charlie could handle things without him for a few weeks. This was important, after all.
Charlie, still in fox form, whined.
Cas reached out to rub his back. “Understood. I don’t particularly like the waiting, either, but in my judgment it’s still the better course of action.”
"I didn’t do anything.” Dean stood up as well and kicked some dirt over the fire. He refused to meet Gabe’s eyes, because, yeah. He felt bad. Was he supposed to just ignore the truth of it, though? He
“Politics and business don’t appeal to me any more than they did to my mother.” He failed to entirely suppress a shudder of distaste. “Look, Mr. Angelus, it seems it would be in both of our interests to cut through the posturing and get to the point. You’re right, I’m a Campbell through my mother, and my grandfather isn’t inclined to forget that. He’s been approached repeatedly by various Witches inquiring about the availability of Campbell Familiars for potential contracts or bonding, and he refuses to stop including my name when making partnership arrangements. He is becoming more and more insistent. The contractual terms on offer are quite lucrative.”
“Hey.” He turned towards his Witch, his partner, his mate. He lifted his free hand to Cas’ face, turning it towards him. “No matter what she wants, I only want you. Got it?”
Dean turned his head, saw Cas lying on the other side of the tent. “What happened? He okay?” A thrill of fear spiraled through him. It was supposed to be him that was in danger. Not Cas.
Dean stood up again, moved to the small window and looked outside. “This is kind of a weird conversation, isn’t it.” The trickle of emotion that usually flowed between them closed off. Cas looked up sharply. Dean was shutting him out?
Dean was sure he could have found the place on his own. For one thing, the Willow River settlement wasn’t exactly large. There were probably two dozen buildings inside the enclosure, most of which were clearly private residences. The community barn was obvious, and so too was the saloon. It was one of the largest buildings, with a wrap-around porch. Windows were open, so he could hear the sound of people talking and laughing. It was late enough that the sun was nearly set. Light glowed in the windows, warm and welcoming.
“Thank you, sir,” Dean said, returning the embrace. “That means a lot to me.”
Dean only hesitated a moment before climbing up the ladder and joining her on the platform. “Only one rider? I thought our last message out strongly recommended additional men make the trip from here on out.”
Gabe nodded. “I know,” he whispered.
“Sam?” Mary Sandra Campbell Winchester’s voice floated down to them from the back of the house, shortly followed by the woman herself. “Have you seen your brother? Oh, there you are. Dean. I’ve gone and negotiated space for one more trunk for you. You’ll want some luxuries on top of the necessities. If you don’t go off and choose your own soap I’m packing for you. Apple blossom would be lovely. Maybe some lavender.”
“I don’t disagree.”
“If we do not now, I take it that we will.” They started a slow walk back to the boarding house.
“Cas.” Dean circled the table to stand right up in Cas’ space. “You would never let that happen. If this is what we need to do to stop the corruption here and now, this is what we
“Well that isn’t at all ominous.” Dean followed. “It
of us, are likely more powerful than most if not all of the Witches that have come before us.”
Cas shifted uncomfortably. Having Dean here in his room... he filled the space. More than filled it. His energy, his very being, felt enormous.
“The pleasure is mine. I cannot begin to express my gratitude at your willingness to come here to work with me. I look forward to learning how this partnership will manifest. Shall we collect your luggage? I have a room at the boarding house, if you are amenable to sharing.”
“Do you wish to return to New Avalon?” Cas asked carefully. His chest felt tight. He liked his life here, in Willow River, but he couldn’t deny Dean his family.
“You could learn how to dress a kill.”
have peppermint stick stripes.”
“What sorts of things?”
Cas nodded. “Perhaps tomorrow. It’s best in full daylight, or even a full moon, but tonight is overcast. We’d be unable to see well, and it’s already nearly dark. We’ve both had a long day.” He lightly squeezed Dean’s hand. Dean’s heart skipped a beat.
“It doesn’t sound that smart when you say it that way. I had it handled.”
-oOo-
“I would like it if you were to show me, sometime. The garden.”
That’s when he and Rufus weren’t out scouting, of course. It seemed the average scouting trip lasted between five and seven days, depending on the objective. Jody Mills kept the less experienced scouts closer to hand, but Bobby and Rufus were their most experienced pair and usually took the longer trips. Jody enforced a week recovery between scouting trips.
Dean snorted.
Dean patted his foot with one paw in understanding and support.
Early mornings were Cas’ favorite time of day. He liked the peacefulness and the soft light of the rising sun, the colors of the sunrise. On days when he woke up restless, like this morning, he slipped out of the bed and made his way downstairs, careful to avoid the spot on the stairs that always creaked.
“When it’s safe for you to return, I’ll trigger one of the sigils, and it will turn that pair green,” Gabe explained. “If something goes to hell, I’ll trigger a different one, and the set will turn red. That means get your asses back here and help. Or, worst case, black. If that happens, it means run far, run fast, and never come back.”
“What?”
“Animals, mostly. Sometimes people, but there are so few people in these parts that it’s usually animals. If a pronghorn eats some grass that was tainted, or if an owl eats a mouse that ran through a patch of the corruption… whatever the cause, the effect is horrific.”
-oOo-
Dean’s sudden predatory stillness pulled at Sam’s attention far more effectively than Cas’ tone. He finally paused to look up and meet Cas’ eyes.
Sam cleared his throat and returned his attention to the matter at hand. “Maybe,” Sam started, carefully not looking at Cas, “Maybe we let her try. In order to pull magic through you, she would have to be completely open to you.”
Dean felt far more human after cleaning up. He pulled on a clean shirt and trousers, turned to see Cas watching him. He flashed him a weak grin. “Like what you see?”
Dean watched as Ellen gently but firmly pressed Cas towards Bobby. Rufus was… there wasn’t much of anything that could be done for Rufus. Even Dean could recognize that. The most she was going to be able to do for him was make him comfortable.
By the time Dean found a cave large enough to shelter them, the sunlight was nearly gone. He left Cas in the cave and went about gathering enough brush and grasses to make a comfortable bed. It was damp, but better than the hard-packed ground. Next, he took the remains of Cas’ shirt and rinsed it thoroughly in the river so he could use that to carefully clean the slashes across Cas’ ribs.
“Yes, sir. My mother.”
Still... getting some free advice in the form of hypotheticals...
She thought about that for a moment. “There is a bit of a backlog on charms. No one really trusts the ‘extra features’ Gabe adds to  his.”
. He hadn’t known the man long, but he already felt like family, more than anyone other than Cas himself. Maybe Charlie. Possibly, remotely possibly, Gabe. But definitely family.
Mom had made sure he knew about them.
She made a soft sound and nipped lightly at his ear, just enough to feel, not enough to hurt.
While clean magical energy felt crisp and clean like the first bite of winter in the high mountain air, the energies surrounding the ooze felt like rotting vegetation in stagnant swamp water.
Rufus shrugged his shoulder. “This is good, honest work. Hard work. But good. And nowhere else to be, really.” He smiled, then, his eyes crinkling at the corners with amusement. “Definitely interesting. You see things here you’d never see anywhere else, you know? The corruption, most of the time, its effects are creepy. Deer with glowing red eyes. The pulsing black vein thing. That’s the worst.”
“I’m all right.” Dean snorted. “I’m not the one that has been unconscious for near a full day.” Relief took over the worry in his expression. He tilted his head to press into Cas’ touch.
“A couple problems with that one,” Dean responded. “Where am I going to find a foal? Also, this is a one year contract.” That topic felt almost taboo, but. It was the truth. There was a chance, yes, but no guarantees Dean would still be here after the year was up.
Dean shifted onto his side, looking at Cas’ beautiful, precious face. He leaned forward to drop a light kiss on his lips. “Love you,” he murmured, then shifted to pull the other man closer against himself before he let himself slip into sleep once more.
Charlie’s eyes sparkled. Anything that Cas didn’t want Gabe to know was well worth knowing. Her sense of fairness made her answer honestly, however. “I will try to keep it from him. Things do slip through when we’re linked, though. You know that.”
Mr. Winchester hopped down the last step to the ground and moved towards Castiel. His tongue flicked out to moisten his perfectly bow-shaped upper lip. Now that he was closer Castiel could see that his eyes were the green of summer grass, and he had a generous sprinkling of freckles across the bridge of his nose and over his flushed cheeks. Castiel shifted slightly.
Gabe, on the other hand, flung himself onto the ground on the other side of the firepit, propped up on his elbow. “So. You’ve been uncharacteristically quiet all the way back. Not an uncommon reaction to seeing the other side of the river, got to say.”
Castiel chose not to feel rushed in finishing his own meal. It was, admittedly, much better than he was capable of throwing together himself and deserved to be enjoyed. It also provided a valid excuse to watch Dean prowl about the perimeter of the camp. He realized he was being influenced by now knowing what Dean’s Familiar form was, yet prowling did seem an apt description. Contained confidence in motion.
The new version of Amara was just as beautiful, though somewhat hardened around the edges, and the clothes were definitely the worse for wear.
Dean didn’t dawdle in pulling his clothes on. He made quick work of it, then fastened the satchel back to Smoky’s saddle himself. He honestly didn’t know what he was doing. He liked getting a reaction out of Cas, but to what purpose?
He patted the pockets of his coat, felt the crinkle of paper in the inside upper pocket and pulled out the list. People knew that his reason for coming out here was to meet Dean, but the trip to civilization and the market was rare and difficult enough that combining it with purchasing supplies only made sense. He had limited space, unlike when anyone made the trip with full team and wagon. That generally happened only in high summer, after the spring rains were long gone and the terrain was harder and dryer.
“Tomorrow sounds like a plan.” He sat down with his tea and quietly sipped at it.
Another streak of blue-green lightning flashed across the sky, followed by booming thunder. The sound of approaching rain joined the chorus.
“I came with two horses. One for each of us and also a mule as a pack animal. The pathway doesn’t easily accommodate a wagon with any sort of speed,” Castiel replied.
“Yeah, and even Gabe agrees. I know, I know. But I don’t have to like it.”
He shook his head. “Nope. Never received an invitation, and if there’s one thing I learned early and well, it’s that you never, ever walk into a Witch’s private space without an invitation. Not if you value all your parts staying attached where they started out.”
They stayed up for much longer than they should, but eventually all writing supplies were safely stored away under the bed and the two of them curled up next to each other to get some sleep. It had only been a few days, but already the thought of sleeping alone was an unwelcome one when they could have this instead.
“Getting close, aren’t we,” Gabe observed.
They needed somewhere safe to hole up until that happened. If he remembered correctly, there were a few more caves nestled along the river banks. Dean picked Cas up again, bracing him in the most secure and balanced hold he could manage, and headed off towards the river. He was grateful for his cat's balance as he made his way along, avoiding bad footing and recovering quickly when he made any missteps.
“Keeping the settlement safe. By going out and finding corruption and dealing with it. Not by taking so long to learn the basics that we’re hobbling one of the Witches.”
It took him a moment, but his healing work helped him figure out how. “What about you?” Cas asked Dean. They were already moving out towards the Saloon.
“Nor would we; we would never enact violence upon each other.” He moved closer to sit next to Dean on the bed. “What are you working on?”
“Who are you to demand anything of me?” Dean shouted back. Others residents started to gather near the gate.
Cas turned as quickly as he could, but not before he caught an eyeful of toned limbs, freckle-spangled shoulders, delicious musculature tapering down to—no. No, no, no.
Dean smiled. Yep. They were definitely kindred.
“I trust that you would be able to tell.” Cas let go the charm and instead placed his hand over Dean’s on his cheek. Even so, he closed his eyes and looked inward. As had become the usual of late, Dean’s energy was there to supplement his own, a cool, bright balm.
A man followed followed at a much more sedate pace. Like Cas he wore a coat and hat, but rather than sober earth-tones, the coat was red, the hat sunshine yellow with a striped green and purple band. He walked, not bothering to saddle up and ride such a short distance. His body language screamed casual indifference, but from the little Cas had said, Dean suspected a sharp intellect in him hiding just below the surface. This had to be Gabriel Angelus, Cas’ brother and the other Witch living in Willow River.
Dean felt a twinge of unease that this Witch was also an Angelus. Not all of the rumors surrounding the Angelus Witches were exactly benign. There were whispers among the Familiar community that some of their numbers had disappeared after partnering with an Angelus, but those rumors were unconfirmed. Still, any Witch on the frontier had to have an entirely different agenda than those who stalked the halls of power, gathering up wealth and influence.
“All the work?” Bobby came strolling up, thumbs hooked in his belt loops. “What work is that, boys? Somehow managing to head out on patrol whenever there’s anything labor-intensive going on back here? Like, say, repairing the enclosure?” He nodded towards Dean and the work he’d been doing.
Something to think about later, maybe. Certainly not this close to what felt like something that was going to make him sick as soon as he laid eyes on it in person.
about her that made the hair on his tail stand on end. If he’d been a longer-haired cat it would look like Charlie’s brush tail.
“Winchester.” Cas’ focus was absolute, He stared at Dean while small, disparate pieces of a puzzle clicked into place in his mind. “Samuel Campbell’s only daughter, Mary, broke from the tradition of the head of her family arranging her Witch partnership and instead entered into a bond of her own choosing. A Winchester Witch?”
He had a feeling that deliberation and caution were not Dean Winchester’s strong suits.
Dean stretched out one paw to lightly rest on top of the pile of neatly folded clothes.
“Great. Yes. Exactly.” He shifted his pack. “May as well get unpacked and cleaned up.” He nodded to Gabe, and went into the new room, letting the sheet of burlap swing down behind him.
Cas shrugged out of his coat, folded it neatly and set it down on a rock safely away from the perimeter of the corruption. He rolled up the cuffs of his sleeves and flexed his hands, then reached out to touch Dean through the connection between them. The link flared lightly, then settled into a steady flow. Cas could see it with his second sight, Dean’s green energy mixing clear and bright with his own blue-white aura.
-oOo-
The house did look a bit rough. The clapboard, where it was still attached, was a weathered, dull gray. Half of the shutters were missing, the porch was sagging dramatically, and the entire building listed to the left. Surrounding vegetation was doing its best to reclaim the land, wrapping around railings and climbing up the siding.
