He brought the minimal burger to his mouth and slowly bit down. The flavored juices flooded his tastebuds and a rush warmed him down to his toes. He chewed thoughtfully, savoring each separate chew and assessing the taste.
"Dean if you don't tell us what's bothering you then how do you expect us to help?"
Waiting for him to slip into unconsciousness because he's in such pain but they're waiting for him
Dean's fork dropped in his plate and his eyes widened in shock.
Dean continued to sob for over two hours. Even when his phone rang and he saw it was Sam, he just threw it on the ground and continued to bawl like a lost child.
He simply hoped that if and when they woke Dean up that they have a happy life. Team Free Will 2.0 could be a team again and begin on fixing themselves as well as their relationships with each other.
How long had he been like this
Castiel grit his teeth. Dean did have a point, but he was very fragile at this moment. Even more fragile than he usually was. But he relented.
Dean's voice came out low and gruff, like how Castiel spoke. Jack was definitely taken aback at the abrupt change and the sudden surge of mind-boggling information, but at least it wasn't like anything world-shattering had occured. Castiel was now in control of Dean's body while Dean's soul rested. It was a perfect plan. Jack just wished that he weren't so useless at the moment. It was like he was nothing without his powers. Sam could hunt the monsters and Castiel could heal and possess Dean but all he could do would be stare and let them handle everything else.
Jack set his lips together in a thin line, but he nodded.
Dean stared in horror as he was watching the live video.
Sam snapped himself out of his thoughts and gathered his supplies. He threw away the bloodied and flesh threaded string along with the scissors. He didn't ever want to look at those ever again. His hands were full of blood and he scrubbed for a good ten minutes with as much soap as he could fit. There was just so much. So much pain and suffering that his brother had gone through. It was unfair. They had defeated God and set the universe right again. They had done the ultimate good. So why did Dean still have to suffer so?
"So. Cas." Dean stared. "As we can see here, you're alive. Thank God, er Jack, that you're alive. I have no idea how and you said you don't either, so I guess we're on the same boat there. But to be honest, I don't really remember much at all. I remember running away from Billie, then for some reason The Empty came and took you and her. And... That's really it Cas. I have no idea what happened at all between now and then."
"Guys, everything's still in here. It's just the car that's trashed."
"Don't you touch him!" Sam nearly screamed. Boian just merely shot a smile his way.
His last thought before he was taken was
Castiel watched as the black tendrils approached and took him. He shuddered as he remembered the grotesque feeling of being pulled into certain death. But he had kept a smile on his face for Dean.
"So how is Dean? Is he really ok?"
"Well, I'm glad you finally noticed, you stupid little human." Cas laughed. "I just wish it had been sooner. I was about to get stabbed in there." Dean threw his head back and for the first time in a while, he laughed.
Castiel thought for a moment. Here he was, an angel, er, an ex angel really, but an angel nonetheless. An angel who had been around long enough to witness the first fish come out of land, and witness the creation of everything imaginable.
Sam finally finished plastering the yellow, red, and white wires to Dean's head. His brother was still staring wide-eyed at the ceiling, his arms and legs still strapped to the bedframes to stop him from hurting himself in his frenzied state. Whilst unloading the polygraph thing and getting everything set up, Sam couldn't help but steal glances towards Dean's direction. His brother. His brother who had to shoulder everything the world threw on them. His brother who was breaking on the inside without uttering a single word of complaint to his younger brother, basically his only blood family left.
"Hey guys, I think I've got a case we should check out."
At this realization, Sam relaxed and continued digging into the heaping pile of potato salad on his plate. Whatever Dean had taught Cas, it sure was paying off. All of the food he had prepared was absolutely delicious.
What had he done to deserve any of this?
Skin and flesh peeled off like a banana peel. An especially insane monster carved out his cheeks and mouth so that his teeth and gumline were fully exposed like a freak monster.
The time he did the same thing with Gabriel played through his head. Only the angel's mouth had been sewn shut, but still, it was so sad to watch how broken Gabriel had become. The once powerful and prideful angel was reduced to a blubbering pile of screams and cries while his mouth had been sewn shut. The same thing now had happened to his own brother, and not just his mouth but his eyes had been ripped out and the eyelids sewed open so that the gaping holes were always there, staring, accusing Sam of his carelessness. Twice now he's had to heal people who were victims of cruel, cruel torture. How long would this go on? How long would he have to cut away thread that was embedded deep into flesh?
which procured a loud moan from Castiel, which was the sexiest thing Man #1 had ever heard in his life. Goddamn what did he do to land a beauty such as this? And one who was so submissive as well.
"C-Cas... Is that really you?" Sam stuttered out.
"You deserve to be saved, Dean."
And the thoughts continued racing until Dean was right in front of him.
"Hello Dean."
Dean's soul wasn't there either. And Castiel wasn't sticking around to make sure. To see Dean in such depression made Castiel depressed himself.
Sam approached with a small pair of scissors. He gently nudged Castiel away and stooped over Dean's ripped and mangled face. He gulped in fear and utter horror, but he set to work cutting off all the thread. He took great care in carefully cutting the thread and pulling it away. He started with the mouth, slowly snipping and pulling. Wet sounds emerged from the process, but Sam bit down his disgust.
"No. I have him."
Sam straightened up and Cas pulled his blade out. They all ran over to Dean and Jack. All of them were very shaken up by Boian's speech, but they needed to get back to the Bunker. Castiel nodded towards Jack, unfurled his wings, and zapped all of them back.
"Dean, you have to get your head out of your ass. I get it, you were in Hell for 40 years. But you have to focus on what's happening right now. Lucifer's out, we have angels and demons looking for our heads, Castiel isn't helping... The list goes on!"
In his heart Dean knew that as soon as the light engulfed the darkness, he would be free. He would be free from this everlasting darkness and be reunited with Sam and...
You're lying to yourself again. He didn't. As soon as you were gone he stopped. He dropped everything and ran. You know that he would jump up at the first chance he gets to go back. You can try to convince yourself otherwise, but you can't hide the facts.
"Who's there?"
An angel, God, and a moose take a look inside a squirrel's head. It's not a happy place.
Hell was a climax in Dean's life. 40 years of his soul's life was spent down there. There was no other way of describing it other than torture. Torture and pain. That was all Dean knew for 40 years until Castiel had rescued him and took care of the poor soul.
He felt the sharp prick of the knife on his tongue as something was being etched on it like a pencil on paper except much harder
The angel knew that Dean's inner demons were bad, but he didn't know they were this bad. There was enough pain and trauma here to fuel anyone's nightmares for an entire lifetime, but to see it all here, condensed into one person's head, was enough to send Castiel into a depressive state. How would they ever fix this? Even if they could contain all of it, it would still be there, waiting for him to fall again. Besides, Dean had already tried that just hours beforehand, but he couldn't hold it all in.
Castiel had rushed to the bathroom as soon as he heard the scream and the crash of bathroom wares. He found Dean's limp body on the ground, clothesless. But he didn't care at all at Dean's birthday suit. He knew he shouldn't have left. He knew it, but yet he believed that Dean was fine.
I'm leaving
Dean stared in the bathroom mirror. After he had done his business, he had stepped out of his T-shirt and shorts and was fully exposed to the grand image that was his body. Except it wasn't grand. It was frail and gaunt.
"No, not really. It's just that I have some, uh, questions. I was wondering if you could answer them."
Yeah, it was obvious that it was one or all of them. His family. They needed him back so much that their combined prayers had awakened him. He was needed. Upon this realization, his face broke into a wide smile. He was going to go back home.
He finally found the remains of the Ma'lak Box. It had been shattered into pieces like a pane of glass hurled out of a window. He had tried his damn hardest to make it as sturdy as possible, but there was just too much.
"You'd better hope that he's alive or else your brains are going to be on the ground." Sam growled in reply, his voice just a raspy sound.
Castiel agreed with guilt seeping in his voice. He knew that in Dean's earlier times, he hadn't been there to help as much as he would have liked. But he was busy running Heaven and doing his duties. And he didn't really want to associate with humans at that time in the past. Of course he had changed a lot since then, but... He still wasn't there for Dean as much as he should have been.
By the end of it all, he was exhausted. Mentally drained. He was just so tired and wanted all of it to be over.
Dark shadows were flying above it and a massive black cloud was hovering over the entirety of his headspace.
So why did you let him die? Did you just let him be taken like that? You could have stopped him. You could have said something to him. You could have done so much more Dean, but you didn't. Why didn't you?
They either die or leave
Sam couldn't feel Dean's soul, but he searched fervently. He couldn't do this. He couldn't watch these monsters they usually killed with ease take their time and rip his brother apart as if he was confetti. No. He had ample opportunities to save Dean from this horrific fate, but he had ignored them. This was all his fault. Dean had run off on his watch and he had suffered here and in motel rooms and...
This is the real Dean Winchester. The hunter who's just Daddy's blunt little instrument. That's all he is. If he tried to prove otherwise, well that would just be wrong. This swirl of negativity is who he really is and he can't run from it. He can box it up as much as he wants, but it's going to explode eventually, as now showing.
Dean's horniness was mostly to distract himself from the painful pressure and stabbing sensations in his head from the box. To forget, he reverted to a feral state of mind running solely on emotion and feelings. His emotions at that point consisted of only Castiel and getting rammed into the bed.
"Yeah?"
"Nothing's wrong Cas. It's just that at this time, I kinda got mad at Dean and stormed out."
They witnessed this scene unfold in silent horror as Dean began choking and hacking in the dark. He could feel the fear and pain radiating from him as he was forced to endure this terrible night alone.
A few minutes later Dean woke up once again.
To be honest, he just needed an excuse to get out. Take a drive. Take his mind off of life. Ohio was hours away, and a road trip sounded enticing.
"What... What do you mean? No? You mean he's just going to be stuck like this forever?"
Castiel decided to skip over visiting this part of the memories. He would not invade Dean's privacy like that and drag Sam and Jack along to witness. That would be pure cruelness to them and the hunter's head. And besides, he knew that Dean's soul wouldn't be residing there. How did he know this? He had no clue. He just did.
"No. His body has been like this for so long that I... I fear he may go into shock or his heart may completely stop working. I've heard stories of people being forced awake after traumatic situations and immediately dying after. We can't let that happen. We have to do this very slowly. And I hate to prolong his agony, but... We just can't."
He had no idea what was happening inside of Dean and Castiel's head, but he knew that it couldn't be good. He saw how Castiel had collapsed from the pain and how tightly he gripped his head, so Sam could only conclude that it had something to do with Dean.
"If that'll help, then yeah."
Someone was praying to him. And they were praying so ferverently that Castiel could even feel it in The Empty. Castiel was still trapped in his head, but he could feel the unmistakable pull of a prayer. His consciousness stirred as the pull continued to tighten.
He felt the pressure of his heart being squeezed as it tried to beat
"Sorry we took so long but it was busy as all hell in there." Sam hollered down, expecting a quick response.
His words were interrupted as John grabbed his shirt collar and lifted him up off the floor. Dean was forced into his father's face, which was scrunched up in ugly fury. Dean hated seeing his father like this, but right now all that mattered was his own survival. If he tried to offer words of sympathy to his dad, they would only be met with rage. As John spoke, hot spittle splashed on Dean's bloodied face.
"Well, not exactly." Sam replied. "Listen Dean. I can't get into detail about this but you need to get back on your feet. Please." Sam pleaded. Dean's eyebrows squinted in confusion and he slightly tilted his head.
He sat up on the edge of the bed with another grunt and assessed the damage to his body. He was about to ask again how this had happened to him, when Jack walked in with a single beer in his right hand.
Well now all those points would be thrown out the window. Dean was gone now. For 8 months at that. Castiel glared at Sam, but he knew in his heart that even if Sam knew that Dean was going to go missing, despite Sam's protests and attempts to stop him, Dean would have gone anyway. If Dean wanted something, he would go to the ends of the Earth to find it. Cas hated that side of Dean, but again, it was his childish side. The side of him that was never allowed to grow up.
After washing his hands, he returned to Dean with another pair of longer scissors. He carefully snipped the tar-coated hair out of Dean's eyes and tried his best to get it to look like it used to. The process was nearly impossible though, because there was so much tar and blood that he couldn't hardly do anything. He would just have to settle by cutting the excess hair away from Dean's face and hope that Castiel or Jack could fix the rest of it.
It continued to spread throughout his body, warming his bones and spreading a feeling of peace to his festered mind. He sank into it and basked in its glory. Such warmth was welcoming after the biting coldness he had experienced for a lifetime.
"You two need a room?" He joked.
Dean smiled back as the tears started to fall. Using the last of his strength, he leaned up and tightly held Castiel in his arms. Giant sobs racked his body and shook his entire frame. The built up sobs and cries that Dean had buried for so long finally boiled over and he could let them all out. It hurt Cas to see Dean in such pain and brokenness, but he was elated to see that he was helping at least a little bit. Even after ten minutes of Dean spilling out vulnerabilities in his trenchcoat, Castiel still continued to smile and hold Dean close. He gently patted and rubbed Dean's head and his back, whispering words of encouragement and love to the broken man.
Maybe it would feel like the time he tried those panties on.
And you think that hate and anger that's - that's what drives you. That's who you are. It's not. And everyone who knows you sees it. Everything you have ever done, the good and the bad you have done for love.
It became so powerful that it ripped Castiel awake and left him dumbfounded as he remembered everything he had done before being taken.
Castiel closed the journal with a small
"Yes, Jack?" Castiel replied.
Dean groaned loudly.
"But she just said."
"Oh Cas, I missed you so much."
And he did. For the next 10 years and beyond, that's what he did. No matter how much it hurt, or how awkward the situation, he always hid them.
Also, there's some other stuff that I need to address relating to Dean and Jack's relationship. When it comes to Dean, it's a very complex process to write his character in the show and in fanfic. He was done so dirty, he wanted to kill Jack one minute and then had him drive Baby another? I want to play on that dynamic. Dean needs to love his son more!
though. It was Castiel's. He could tell every stark difference in the two, even if they were in different bodies. Castiel used less emotion on his face, oftentimes keeping a stoic demeanor as his neutral stance. Dean, though, his face was oftentimes a flurry of micro-expressions. He never had a true "neutral" face like Castiel did. He always emitted feelings just from his facial expressions.
"See for yourself. Somethin' in Ohio."
"It's a long story Dean. A very long story... But just know that you're okay right now. And all of us are glad you're kinda back to normal. Er, at least we think you are."
Dean looked up at Sam and Castiel with scared eyes. He hated the feeling of helplessness that radiated off of him, but he couldn't control it. He had just woken up basically in a different body, with no recollection at all as to how he had procured it. But then he saw Castiel again and all concerns about himself flew off the wall. How was Cas here? He sighed and rubbed his face.
That was 8 months ago when Jack made this revelation. 8 long months without Castiel and Dean. 8 months without the rebellious angel and the stubborn hunter, both of which were the glue holding Team Free Will together.
"We need to continue on. I'm sorry this is a lot to process Sam, but we don't have time to wait. Dean's soul is suffering as we speak, yet there's still more to go through."
In his mind, he recreated the Ma'lak box and shoved the trauma, fear, pain, and other ungodly emotions into it. It was the best he could do without outside intervention. But he was very confident that it would hold. He would force himself if it came to it. Just like Michael. He shuddered as he remembered the feeling of helplessness as Michael violated his body.
Castiel nodded his head.
"I need you, Cas. I need your help and I have no idea why I'm like this, but I know that I need you to help me. It's pretty obvious that something damn bad happened, even if I don't know. So I'm gonna need everything from the beginning, probably starting as to what happened with Billie."
"So what's the deal Sam?" Dean questioned. "I feel fine now so what was with that little speal two days ago?" Sam put his fork down and fiddled with his napkin. He avoided eye contact with Dean and cleared his throat, much to Dean's extended exasperation.
Jack and Eileen followed and Sam abruptly shot the vampire. But no need be, because Castiel was an angel. Any vampire that drank the blood of an angel was immediately vaporized. As soon as the first of the angelic blood hit the vampire's tongue, it opened its mouth and gagged as the blood began to poison it from the inside out. In less than five seconds, it fell over flat.
He put his fingers to Dean's head and felt the familiar whispers and screams of Dean's internal trauma. He cursed outloud as he realized that somehow Dean had locked the memories away to cope. He wasn't soulless, in fact he was quite himself and alright without the memories, but somehow he had easily unearthed them and was now facing the repercussions.
Castiel did not want to part with it at all. He was so enamored with it that he wanted to leave some sort of mark on it as a claim. This was his soul, and he would do anything in his everlasting power to keep it. As he put the finishing touches on Dean's body, his non-existant form filled with sorrow. He had to give up the soul that had utterly stunned him. For the first time since his existence, Castiel found himself wanting something. He wanted this soul. He wanted to feel it and watch it grow and spend every waking moment of his life with it. But unfortunately, this was something that he couldn't nor ever could have.
He tried his best to fight, he tried so hard. But he had no motivation nor strength to continue on. They easily apprehended him and dragged him to the cellar.
The angel found something interesting on the toe of his scuffed shoe.
"Please drink this slowly. We don't want you getting any sicker than you already are." Jack advised.
"Yeah, that's it. You sexy, sexy angel." He seemingly purred. "Just do it. Let's just forget everything for one night. Forget everything except the passion and love we have for each other. Forget all the pain and suffering. Just remember our love. One night, Cas. One night." His green eyes met with blue and his tongue creeped out, licking his dry lips lustily.
"Sam, do you remember this place?" Castiel managed to ask after they gained their footing.
Sam poignantly recalled these points as they talked in hushed voices amongst themselves. Castiel offered some of his own thoughts as well as Jack, but they couldn't figure out why or how Dean was in that state of mind, and they certainly had no idea to relay the news of everything that had happened to him.
Castiel realized that he could now taste food without its molecular structure hiding the taste, for whatever reason. He perked up happily and took another bite, this one being nearly twice the size of the first. He closed his eyes gleefully and let the comfortable feeling of food rush throughout his body. He had missed this sensation. It was one of the few perks of being human. Enjoying sustenance.
"Yes, you are correct. However, I felt something pulling at me. I-I was asleep and dreaming when I felt it. It was a very strong sensation and it ripped my consciousness awake. I don't really know how else to describe it." Castiel slowly replied. His brow crinkled as he tried to remember what had happened.
Besides, Castiel was dead. Unless he miraculously came back from The Empty somehow, the love of his life was dead. He had seen with his own two eyes the black tendrils reaching through and pulling him in. He was dead.
She nodded excitedly. He pulled out a chair for her and then took his own next to her. Jack sat on the other end and stared in wonder. They hadn't had this much homemade food since Mrs. Butters was there a long time ago. His mouth salviated as he realized just how hungry he was. It seemed that he hadn't eaten in days because of his crippling worry over Dean.
Sam nodded and left everything on the table in case the two of them would need any supplies, even though they wouldn't. Sam then made his way to the main room and sat down at the table, exhausted.
"Cas, would you mind staying and watching Dean? We won't be gone long." Sam asked.
Castiel exhaled, breaking his silence, and worridly leaned in close to Dean's face.
Why does everyone hate me
But dammit it was this idiocy and passion for his family that had drawn Castiel to Dean. It was why he fell in love with the human. It was his flaws but deep love for people that made Cas fall in love. A mighty angel of the lord, in love with a mere human. It was laughable to think about, but Cas couldn't deny any of his feelings. They were there and they were staying whether he professed them or not.
The sea-green eyes slowly fluttered open after what seemed like an eternity and a half.
"Yeah. I'm fine. It was a bit overwhelming at first, but I'm fine now."
Castiel is dead
Sam threw up and Castiel could only stare in shock as Jack startd crying. Dean Winchester. Their Dean. The stubborn and hateful hunter that loves everything too much was there in front of them. He was basically at death's door. How was he not dead? He should have been dead. Castiel rushed forwards and broke the manacle on his neck and gingerly undid the wrist cuffs. He started to heal Dean when he heard clopping at the side. He whipped around and there was Boian and Gwynth.
He couldn't let anyone get hurt tomorrow. If he did, he would never be able to forgive himself.
Dean straightened his arms and rubbed his legs. He would have to stretch his appendages out later. Those suckers were as tight as his ass was in a pair of shorts.
Sam wanted to scream. Everything was not fine! They had seen everything Dean had buried for so long and how broken he was inside. They had literally seen everything! Yet Dean still made it a point to shrug it off and act like everything was alright. Nothing was alright! Nothing! Yet he had buried all his feelings again. This was the most exhausting part of his brother that he hated. He never asked for help or assistance or anything regarding his mental health, which at times was the part of him that was in the most jeopardy. Yet Dean wasn't in the least bit perturbed!
"Dean's mental state is extremely fragile right now. It has been since he woke up - even if he wouldn't admit it." Castiel continued.
Castiel tore his gaze from the shadows swimming above them to look at Sam and Jack, whose faces were still stuck in the sky.
I still want to die I had so much and I had to type it all againn...........and i forgot half of what i wrote..... So sad im literally crying im so sorry I hope it's legible I kinda wrote this in a fit of anger
Jack fidgeted nervously in his seat. Castiel nodded his head understandingly. He never broke eye contact with Jack as he spoke with a soft tone using Dean's husky voice.
And so, as a memoriam, he put his handprint there. This wasn't at all necessary. He already had Dean's body rebuilt and fully functioning, all the internal scars and external bruises were gone. But he couldn't just leave the soul without leaving some sort of imprint on it. Something to remind himself and Dean that he was the one that rescued him. He was the angel that gripped him tight and raised him from Perdition. Castiel. The angel of Thursday.
"Dean? How did you get here? Why are you here? What if The Darkness finds you?" Castiel hurridly asked. He had to get Dean out of here before he was killed or stuck her for eternity. He didn't deserve that. Dean just smiled again and shook his head.
Dean could only watch as Castiel died
"Dean?" What do you mean "you're fine?" you're not fine you literally almost died!" Sam exclaimed.
He and Jack had been there for at least five hours. Just standing there, healing Dean. It was taking an obvious toll on Jack. His forehead was covered in sweat and his hands were shaking. Healing was an easy task any angel could do, even more so for Jack, but since his powers were locked away, he was stressing because he had to let the power out only a little at a time. A very taxing process. Coupled with the fact that he was sharing power with Castiel was also taking its toll.
"You stupid feathery angel. You don't get the right to confess your love to me then just die." Dean joked after they pulled apart, but their foreheads still locked together, eyes staring into each others souls. Castiel just laughed and brought Dean's face down again, bringing him into another kiss.
He was interrupted as Dean shook his head.
"And why would I need to do that? Aren't these clothes satisfactory?"
"What IS keeping him alive?" Castiel growled.
"Dean, I would never hurt you for anything."
Dean never was the type of person to outwardly grive. That was Sam's personality, as shown when he watched Mary get incinerated and Castiel get stabbed. Sam was the one who flinched and screamed while Dean could only watch with a mournful face. But despite this, Dean was still arguably the most emotional out of the two of them. It was Dean who fell into a depression. It was Dean who prepared Castiel's body for a hunter's funeral. It was Dean who was ready to give up his life after two of the most important people in his life were brutally ripped away from his calloused hunter hands.
"Come on Jack. Let's just see what he wants. The worst he can do is die." Sam grumbled. He grabbed Jack by the shoulders and the two of them headed towards the main room, silently shutting the door behind him.
What good was he? He had done nothing to help because he was stupidly unusable without any of his power. A useless sack of potatoes that couldn't do anything because it was too scared. And scared of what? World destruction? He would never do that.
Mostly a filler chapter that's really sad but that's the whole point of this fic, to make you feel sad because Dean didn't deserve any of this
He needed Cas. He needed Cas every moment he was awake and every moment he was asleep. He needed Cas by his side when they drove or ate together or just talked friendly. He needed Cas in every moment of his miserable life. He needed Cas because he loved him.
He approached the memory but Sam and Jack came up worridly behind him. He decided to leave them behind and approach this himself. He couldn't let Sam and Jack see this. Not yet. There would be a time, but not in this type of environment.
"Dean? What hurts? Do I need to heal you more?"
"Why in the hell would he do that?" Castiel hissed under his breath.
He cursed and punched a wall, leaving a deep crater in it and shaking the room in the process. He was so stupid. He shouldn't have left. He should have talked to Dean. He should have reassured him and comforted him and done something other than just being silent and hoping that was the best course of action. How could he have been so blind and stupid?
Castiel's breath hitched as sobs escaped his throat. 8 months. 8 long months he had spent in the Empty with Sam, Jack, and Eileen searching with no rest for either of them, and Dean... Dean staying down here and suffering like he was in Hell again.
The dick in his ass and the dick in his mouth continued thrusting into him, and he moaned loudly as they continued to supply him with the pleasure that Dean Winchester could never.
(See the end of the chapter for
The two of them had the same reactions. Sam grimly opened the trunk and was surprised to see everything was still inside. The casettes, beer bottles, burger wrappers, more beer bottles, and every other bit of trash was inside. He opened the trunk and all the hunter equipment was still inside also. But the trash? Beer bottles? That wasn't like Dean. Dean would never trash his car unless the world was ending. Well, maybe at the time it did seem like the world was ending.
A small pile of clothes lay in a corner, abandoned by all who wore them. Two pairs of jeans, two T-shirts, three pairs of underwear, one trenchcoat, and one black suit and tie. The trenchcoat and tie stood out amongst the otherwise drab pile, but no one paid them any heed. Any clothing uncertainities were long forgotten.
The familiar feeling of his breath hitching and getting caught in his throat came. He struggled to regain his composure himself in front of Castiel, but that was impossible. It had already started no matter how much he willed it down. He started shaking out of his skin and his teeth started chattering. Racing thoughts appeared and his eyes moved erratically. The fear. The terror. Everything that he hated about himself came to the front of his mind and he couldn't stop it.
"It's not Dean. I swear that it's not."
This chap isn't that accurate according to 15x20 but that's not what I was aiming for at all. I just took inspiration from the barn vamps and that's it. I couldn't bring myself to watch the episode again and look for accuracies. As far as I know, 15x20 doesn't exist and SPN ended on a cliffhanger. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
"But Dean, what are we going to do about this?" Cas made a grand gesture towards the darkness. "And what about your mental health? Are you going to wake up alright? Do I need to stay behind and help you or-"
Jack opened his eyes and slowly closed off the wall to his godly powers.
They had to rescue him. They had to. Without Dean, none of them could carry on.
He would hold the demons there until he died. He couldn't let any of this escape. If he did, then he knew that his mind would fold in on itself and he would probably be put in the loony bin.
Dean Winchester - Hunter of monsters and slayer of God, THE God
"I won't be long. Jack, please stay with him and find me if anything happens."
But he had to. Even if his instincts told him not to, he had to. He had to know what had happened. He was an adult. No matter what it was, he could take it. He'd been taken hostage before and been tortured to the point of insanity. Whatever this was that he was blocking off for some reason, he could take it.
And then he had found himself in Kansas City. He had won. He had won against every angel and demon's greatest fear.
But he was being reduced down to this. A little slut who had to beg to be pleasured.
Jack was about to ask why he had to go too but Sam discreetly stepped on his foot to signify he didn't decide on that on the spur of the moment. Understanding dawned on Jack and he nodded.
"I missed you so much."
"I also missed you, Jack. I'm so glad to see that you're doing well."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well, not exactly. But we can't just let all of his trauma out. That would be disasterous Sam. It would break him."
The second after Sam said those words, past Dean and Sam materialized in front of them. Surprised, Sam took a step back towards Jack and Castiel and they watched in horror at the scene before their eyes. Sam especially. He stared at his culpability and wanted to cry out of embarrassment and guilt.
I'm super sad now
Shadows flew overhead and screeched as they hurled towards the three, trying to engulf them in the night. But Dean yelled at them to go and a wave of energy erupted out of him and caused the three hunters to stumble backwards and fade away as they awoke in the real world.
"Come on Jack. Let's go back to the store, we need more supplies anyway. I think I saw a good deal on tomatoes in the produce so I can make some pasta or something tonight." Sam said tiredly.
No response.
Then there was the gentle flutter of wings and the three of them were gone.
The blow to the right side of his face was unexpected but not surprising. It toppled Dean over and he staggered to the floor of the motel room, clutching his swelling cheek. Blood started oozing out of his nose and leaking into his agape mouth.
Next chapter should be up soon. I already have a lot of it written, it's just a matter of if I have the time to finish it soon haha
Castiel tried to push Dean away, and to be honest it wasn't that hard since all of Dean's muscles were virtually nonexistent. But Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel's head now, bringing their kiss in deeper.
Sam rushed over and held Castiel/Dean's face in his hands. A giant knot was forming where he was punched, and his neck was bleeding profusely.
And then they evolved. They shaped and morphed into the truest regrets that he had harbored ever since he raised Dean from perdition. Abandoning Heaven. Working with demons, namely Crowley. Killing other angels, his brothers. Hurting the Winchester brothers. He had so, so many regrets that he couldn't name them all even if he wanted to. It was these regrets that had hurt his grace over all these years. Everything he had ever done had weighed down so much on his mind.
But at this point, Castiel hadn't returned nor Mary. Dean was still a morose shell of a person.
He continued to stare as more questions arose inside his head. Everytime he tried to remember something, all he pulled up was a black slate of nothing and fuzziness coupled with static images. Nothing he did gained any sort of recollection towards what had happened. No one would even tell him how long he was out of it. It could have been a week, it could have a month, hell it could've been a year and he had no idea.
"I just felt something so I headed towards it. Sam, I don't understand. What's wrong?"
Jack nodded and slowly he released his fingers from Dean's temple. Immediately, the tension on his mind lifted and he relaxed, but Castiel immediately tensed up and Dean's eyebrows scrunched together in pain.
Upon contact, the soul started to glow a tad bit brighter. Then the light expanded and grew until it took the form of Dean. His mouth opened and let in a deep breath. He patted his newly formed chest and looked in disbelief at Sam, Castiel, and Jack. He started to say something, but he shut his mouth for a while and thought. It had dawned on him he wasn't supposed to be here. And they weren't supposed to be either. He would have to talk later. Priorities said they had to get the heck out of dodge.
He exhaled deeply and stared deep into Castiel's eyes.
No he loves Castiel
Jack and Castiel read up on them, but Sam was confused. According to John, vampires were nearly extinct, so why did he write about these certain ones and fail to mention them to he and Dean? He mentally brushed the thought off. He was sure his father had his own reasons.
A soul so broken, so traumatized by life. A soul that by all means would have broken if it were possessed by any other being. Yet despite this, it still shined radiantly in the angel's possession. Castiel was enthralled by it. As he began the molecular recreation of every single atom of Dean's body, he found his eyes drawn to the soul. The beautiful soul that still found love in humanity even after everything that it had been exposed to. A soul that was so in love with humanity that it would make God blush.
Jack stared longingly into Dean's still eyes. This was one of the people that had basically raised him. Even if Dean was one of the worst figures that Jack had met in his early life, Dean had still impacted him. Negatively at first, but the hunter grew on him and eventually they became family. Jack missed Dean so, so much. Even if he had tried to erase Jack's existence earlier, he was still missed.
Jack's yellow gaze shifted away and he stared at the wall, pondering as what to ask next. He still had so many other questions swimming inside his head, but he had no idea where to even start asking The most pressing one was taken care of, which was a relief, but the other questions persisted.
He let the bottle down after a long swig and let out a satisfying
One final thrust spent him spilling over the edge. Man #1 and Man #2 grunted and kept thrusting with more vigor. But Castiel was an angel. He wasn't completely spent after one ejaculation. With a little help of his grace, he was back to full in no time. He also helped out the other two guys, causing their dicks to seemingly glow in blue light.
"I'll explain later. But we need to go to that place now. I've wanted to avoid it, but it's inevitable." Castiel quietly said.
Because he fucked up
But he could only stare at Dean's bare and ladden soul.
At that point, Castiel didn't even care if Dean reciprociated his feelings. His heart utterly shattered at seeing how much he had broken Dean by trying to do the heroic thing. He had tried going out like a hero and giving Dean the motivation to continue on. But this effort was lost on Dean.
"Sam. You know that we have to go through Dean's memories to find his soul. I'm sorry but it's something that-"
"So I guess that Eileen, Jack and I can go. Cas, you can stay here and focus on-"
They found themselves in another dingy hotel room, except this time there was no John. Castiel and Jack turned towards Sam and were about to ask him where this was, but Sam's eyes had widened in fear. They looked concerningly towards him.
After Castiel had called them over to eat, the three other residents were absolutely baffled at the cuisine Castiel had procured. Sam especially, as he had rarely seen Cas even set foot into the kitchen, nevertheless cook. Apparently though, he had gotten practice somewhere, and now he could cook almost flawlessly, as shown by the delicious spread set before them.
“Yeah except one problem. The life I live doesn't exactly jive with a good home for an animal.” He pointed out and shook his head, “even a cat.”
“Bake as good as you, use your recipes and someone with a natural talent for baking.” Sam added with a smile, “surly you know someone who can bake to? It wouldn't be fair to expect Dean to bake everything to stock an entire bakery anyway.”
“Eden was not that bad Gabriel.”
“No.” Castiel growled out, reaching out to grabbing Dean’s arm. “It will be him who will be to blame for your death.”
“You mean...?”
- - -
Dean's head turned to glare at Sam who held his hands up, “hey I'm not saying it's a bad thing.” Dean relaxed moving back to continue stroking Castiel's back. It was then Sam decided to be a smart ass. “Still though, I don't want to hear my brother making out with anybody.” He said but Dean held up one of his hands to flip him off.
“They go to the most desperate.”
“Violet I want you to listen to me, okay?” He asked seriously and she nodded, “I'm going to look. If I yell I want you to run to Jacob's room, shut and lock the door and take the big blue container we keep and make a circle around Jacob's crib and stay in that circle, okay?” Again she nodded, “repeat what I told you honey.”
Sam looks hearing the phone and Sam answered it.
“Separated? I'd never separate soul mates.” Chuck frowned, sure what happened on earth could be painful but that book people claimed was his word was so far off base. Not only did they claim everything was a sin; he was bisexual himself! Love was love, as long as everything was consensual, they tried to claim that rape was okay! Rape and molestation was the quickest way for him to send someone to hell, to the worst parts of hell, the places even demons feared to go. Then just strange and stupid things; that he hated shellfish-crabs were his favorite food ever-mixed fabrics-seriously? Who cares?-not shaving right-like he cared!-left handers-where in heaven had that come from?!-and so many others. On top of that, despite he created people, he was not close to the ultimate power people thought and claimed he had. Still enough that they should not be trying to say that they were speaking to him, everything was someone was going to hell because they made them mad. It just didn't make sense to the god, not in any way he wanted to admit.
“Wow, can’t believe I’m getting married.” Dean chuckled tugging at his tie while Castiel hummed, his bowtie slightly crooked.
“You will, he's complex. But so is Sam. They are the same in a lot of ways, they both need time.” Gabriel assured him before they both turned to the hunters. During their talk Sam and Dean had somehow ended up sitting on the trunk of the Impala.
“Yeah, not for nothing Dean-o but I've been on earth a long time-I know plenty of people who I know are trust worthy.” Gabriel assures, “places have mangers, we can have you make the pies in the morning and we go.”
Castiel groaned flying along the woods, he wasn’t there, he wasn’t in any of the nearby towns. Where was his Dean?!
He could still remembering begging, pleading for Gabriel to just talk the hell he had to face by Asmodeus...how much Sam had wanted to kill that bastard. Not just kill, torture. He felt that kind of blood lust rarely but when he did it was because someone hurt someone he cared deeply about, usually Dean. Almost always Dean. But hurting Gabriel, and for so long, was crossing a line for the normally pacifist hunter.
“Did I get it wrong?” Castiel asked worrying, this should be the perfect relaxing dinner for Dean, “isn’t is something you’d like? You need to eat something Dean.”
“Cas?”
“Morning Dean,” Dean's bleary green eyes opened and he gave a small grin at Castiel.
- - - - -
“Just listen,” Dean sighed, “when I was eleven, dad did this ritual thing. He said that Sam was sick-was in danger-and that they had to do this to protect him.”
“Okay, we will my beloved soon. Perhaps a call will be good for now.” Dean could agree to that. They had to leave the nest to go around to what Castiel told him that the nearest town was. He picked in the forests of Canada to build their nest.
And he found nothing.
Gabriel and Castiel both chose honey while the two girls chose sugar. Now looking at them together both angel's could see the unmistakable bond of soul mates. It was nice to speak to the unassuming kind hearted women who seemed to have no bad bones in their body.
“I need to gather some things, perhaps you can take a solo tour around this house, figure out what you want to change and add.” Castiel saw the slight tightening of the skin around his eyes, he knew he was about to ask him a difficult question.
“Wait, does that mean we're...” Sam added seeing that Dean needed some time to take it all in. So he did the only thing he could think of was to take the attention off Dean by pushing it onto himself. Of course that only distracted Gabriel, but if Dean wasn't used to Castiel looking at him by now he never would, but he knew that Dean had come to be used to, even want, Castiel's constant attention.
They were back by the time Dean and Sam had just been able to talk about their own plans and how the bond might change or make their plans feel more like what was meant to be. Sam had always thought he would marry and have a family, Dean had planned to probably die one day on a hunt, or become grizzled like Bobby, and help other younger hunters as he got them what help he could.
“What happened?” Castiel smiled a bit and made sure that the archangel was steady before forcing a smile even if Sam couldn’t see. But like Dean who also had his eyes burnt out he seemed to be able to ‘see’ in a way, perhaps Sam could to.
Still Castiel had lost his love, and somehow worst was knowing that his mate was alive but a demon running around was somehow worse than him being gone. His beloved soul twisted to become a demon. He wished he could be happy that Dean was alive but that was a human conception, for an angel-even if he weren’t an angel anymore-losing a mate wasn’t like ‘breaking up’.
Dean showed up to the bunker once again and pursed his lips a bit, it was Castiel who saw the demon king first. “You again?” He questioned, despite being so different then the man he loved, this was still Dean. Even when he was under the Mark of Cain and so hurtful, his eyes hard and lifeless he still loved him. As a demon he loved him.
“What is this place?” Castiel said looking around as if trying to pinpoint the source with his intense liquid blue eyes. “It is not anything like I've experienced”
“I had to go to Montreal, this restaurant was known to have some of the most beloved burgers.” Castiel said and Dean frowned, there was no way that he was looking around enough for Castiel to go to some restaurant and get the burgers, even his instantaneous travel and if he got to give his order, that he knew, as soon as he appeared it wouldn’t work.
“Road trip!” Gabriel giggled tugging Sam behind him.
The big clothing had been packed all but that trench coat, Dean clinging to the coat and Castiel had to calm him that the coat would come back. Sam wanted to wake them to sleep before sending them both to their room, it was about time that Castiel got some use of the room, but couldn't bring himself to. They looked so peaceful.
“It’s not like that,” Dean was uncomfortable when talking about feelings, emotions, relationships, or anything like that but he had to speak up now. “Man I get that your Dean died, but my Cas is still alive, you can find a Dean who lost his Cas an-“
When Dean woke up he hummed thinking that the feathers he had seen last night being part of a dream. Looking up he saw that Castiel was still watching over him and groaned. “Come on Cas.” He complained sitting up while Castiel pulled out of the way for Dean to get up and he turned to see that Sam was already up dressed and washing his face.
The following April a boy named Rosaline was born. She was a calm baby, somehow knowing several things; My name was once Castiel and Gabriel, I found my mate Dean Winchester and Sam Winchester. I love them, they are combined soul, like I am, I have to find them. Be with her/him, we had two kids Violet and Jacob. I have to find them. Of course she, like Kristabella, would forget this in a few months but still they would find each other. Once again and when they did no matter what they would find each once again no matter what they would be together.
He had given Dean a collection of knitting needles: straights, circulars and double pointed needles as well as yarns in all kinds of sizes, colors and Dean couldn’t tell and hadn’t checked but was pretty sure that they would be.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes, that's everything.” Castiel agreed as Gabriel hugged the two women.
“The mental exercise have exhausted you.” Castiel whispered and Dean groaned turning his head to look over his shoulder at his angel.
“Look I don't want to think it either but Gabe never would have done that to you.” He shook his head and Castiel frowned while Sam looked at Dean confused what was wrong with him.
The three looked at him and the demon smiled. “I have forgotten how you could be. Come sit.” Dean frowned as the being served up food for the trio. He took his seat near to Castiel and Dean glared at him.
“Who touched you kid? What did they do?” He asked and gasped as the kid pulled their blanket down slightly seeming fearful to deny him, Dean had more to worry about right now though. He gasped as he saw the bruise along the boy’s jaw. “Who did that? Why?” As the little boy stuttered through his explanation Dean felt his anger boiling more and more.
Castiel knew if the Michael that he had known as a fledging would have been in the situation now he would have realized that Castiel had fallen in love with Dean Winchester, the Righteous Man, and would have given his blessings, not tried to use Dean’s love to manipulate him into saying ‘yes’ or tried to chemically torture Castiel. The Michael he had known and loved when he was a loving-even if distracted from being busy-older brother he would have beaten Naomi into a bloody pulp for what she was doing. But it wasn’t Michael that he went to for advice, it once was Gabriel, but he was pretty sure that Gabriel was dead same as his universe. He would have been able to feel them.
“I think I know what is wrong with us.” He said and let out a sigh, “I've done it a few times to people I've done a prank on.”
“I like cherry. I like cherry very much.”
“You don’t think I know that?!” Scar Castiel growled out glaring at the other version of himself but he was not really there. All he could see was the burnt-out eyes of his dead mate, the slowly cooling body hat had crumpled to the floor. The eyelids that he had closed in order to make it look like he was sleeping. Sleeping but never again to open those eyes.
“That doesn't feel right.” Gabriel said and Dean and Sam might be listening intently, even if both were focusing on different parts, Castiel was only half listening for any points that were important. “True the powers come full force when they enter puberty but it is still there as children; did you ever have anything like that?”
“So you’re saying that-“
(See the end of the chapter for
He just had to find him…
- - -
As this all went on a pair of green eyes and a pair of blue were opened wide and shaking. “This is very disturbing.” Castiel mentioned and Dean nodded.
It was Castiel who woke up first he blinked realizing that he was back in his full grown body again, his angelic powers back in full force.
(See the end of the chapter for
Pushing Gabriel he fell to the bed catching himself on his hands looking up with honey brown eyes as Sam climbed on top of him, straddling him. “He pushed at his wings gently carding his fingers through the wings as Gabriel panted his head falling back as he managed to breathe through his words.
“Well maybe we can get Violet to stay for a bit longer and bump up your training.” Gabriel assures and Jacob is already smiling. He and Violet would never tell any of the parents but they had found some people talking, in a very guarded way but still talking, about hunting online. Their fathers were famous. D. W. + S. W. and their angels was often spoken of in the same way legends were. Some claimed they didn't exist but plenty talked on how they saved them. They claimed even speaking the names would scare demons.
Of course he didn't want to think about that anymore and so got in and lead them to the room. Going in he goes in with his normal thing of emergency weapons, fake IDs to prove them to be police, FBI, contractors, whatever they needed to. He also grabbed the toiletries; toothbrushes, toothpaste, combs, deodorant, shampoo and soap as well as fresh clothing and the bag that held their dirty clothes that was getting pretty full.
“Heh I didn't pretend to be Loki for nothing.” Gabriel grinned and stretched, “I managed to move so the dagger didn't go all the way into me.” He explained and grunted, “and I played dead, acted like I was and waited till he left and did what I could to take him out or at least help you two.” Gabriel smiled and held his arms open as if waiting for a hug. “I was a regular hunter! I bet I did better then the two of you like th-”
He had thought that seeing Dean sleep would be hard, for him to make Dean sleep would be harder, that it would bring up the past; that he would have to cling to his necklace to keep himself grounded. Still it was obvious that his hunter was still alive, he was full of such life that it was impossible to mistake him for anything but alive.
- - - - -
“Why do you want so much to leave me? What am I not doing for you?”
The closest would be a cat, that could survive mostly on its own if they just put down a litter box, food and water and even could drive with them. But if they...if they didn't make it back the poor thing would starve or something.
“Yes it does, ah~” he cooed taking Sam's hand so that he could see his wrist. “I was so jealous that Cassie got to have his brand on Dean's body as well as soul while my mark on you was only on your soul, but now the brand is also on your body to.” He chuckled happily and Sam gasped looking at him shocked.
Sam was busy making sure that Gabriel was okay, he understood his husband in a way no one else could. He knew that now even with the new way that Heaven was run under Castiel's garrison. Still angels would look at Gabriel in some there would be happiness to gain back a brother after losing so many siblings, but some of them blamed him. As if Gabriel could have stopped the fighting between Lucifer and Micheal, at best he would have become another Raphael just as bad as the two of them.
“I feel the need to hold you in my arms.” Castiel said it in his same almost monotone way, he wasn't being flirtatious, wasn't being shy. He was just stating it. Dean blinked for a moment, it was so out of the blue that it took him off guard.
“You must know Dean, we never spoke but now, now that I know I can protect you, even if you refuse me, send me away, I don’t need to fear.” Castiel kept talking like that but he didn’t understand and was still confused. “We’ve loved for such a long time, silently and even if you love me only as family.” Castiel chuckled and pushed for Dean to take another bite of the burger, “I’ve considered taking on a new vessel, but Jimmy gave his life for me to have this vessel, that’d seem disrespectful.” Dean was even more confused now and Castiel grinned looking back at Dean. “I can change my form if you truly want, I can be a woman, I can be whatever you want.” Dean paused and seemed to understand that then and he started laughing, “Dean?” Castiel’s eyes started to turn white as emotions started to take over.
The next day they went their separate ways after a breakfast of poached eggs, ham slices and fresh cut fruit. They agreed they'd meet back for lunch at one-thirty-ish. Castiel and Dean headed one way and Sam and Gabriel headed the other.
(See the end of the chapter for
Or Crowley agreeing to be the 'dragon' when Jacob wanted to play Knights or the narrator when he wanted to play Explorer.
It had been in sixth grade when he tried his hand at making a homemade pie the first time. He had been making pies with filling from a can and ready made pie dough, the kind you just needed to throw in the oven, for three years. Sam was in second grade and the eight year old had asked Dean to make him a homemade pie.
After a bit of reveling in the soul, seeing more of the mind he had become so intimate with. It felt familiar but he still enjoyed it. Enjoyed seeing the soul, mind and heart lay bare for him the same way it had been before searching deeper into his mind, probing further and further till deep in his mind he saw it. Saw the power bound up tight and locked away. He frowned seeing how it was so much, he made sure to sooth his mind, whisper gently to his heart, and stroke his soul before slipping away from him.
“Morning sunshine.” He chuckled as Castiel handed him a cup of coffee, “thanks angel.” Dean flirted even though it went over his head but he did understand it was a way for Dean to court him. He inhaled deeply and grinned as it was just how he liked it; strong black coffee with a generous amount of sugar. “Perfect.” He hummed happily sitting up so he could drink a deep drought.
“You’re my Dean, your soul, it is the one that I cradled in my grace as I pulled you from hell, destroying any demon that tried to stop me from taking you.” Castiel backed Dean the slightest bit against the wall, bracketing his arms on either side of him. “This body is the same body that I used my own grace to rebuild. I do know you.” Dean looked away, whatever moment they were having was stopped, and Castiel didn’t know exactly what it was that caused that, but it had.
“Of course.” Castiel answered like he was confused that Sam could even think he wouldn't. And in truth he was. He did everything for Dean, he was always hurt and angered that Dean couldn't see that, but if Sam didn't see that maybe it was something humans didn't understand? Angels could see it easily enough perhaps it was wrong of him to think that humans could see it so well.
“I don't take someone hurting you lightly Sammy.” Gabriel explained wrapping his hand around the Angel Scar as Sam had taken calling the mark on Dean's left shoulder and now was wrapped around his wrist. He gasped as he felt a humming at his wrist where Gabriel had his wrist.
- - -
“Dean?” He was confused, this was a happy occasion, the happiest of his life, why w-
“Brand?!” Sam let out a yell and that snapped Dean out of his thoughts of how, why, in what world could Castiel want Dean like that. How could Gabriel not be mad at his brother for having a bond mate so beneath him, or even beating Dean's ass for bringing his brother down so much. It made sense the other angels considering they were such bastards. The entire family sucked and all were pieces of shit-excluding Castiel and Gabriel-so he could see why they didn't bother going like that. If someone as beneath Sam as Dean was beneath Castiel he'd whip that fucker's ass and read Sammy the riot act for that.
“Favorite isn't the right word, but they are the most perfect of all of gods creatures along with the simple bumble bee.” He softly stroked the head of the guinea pig, “do you have a favorite animal?” He asked and Dean shrugged.
“Dean!” Sam whined and Dean ignored him but jumped as there suddenly was another person and was pushed out of the way. It was Gabriel and Dean frowned as suddenly Gabriel was gripping Sam and as he still looked angry he frowned.
- - - - -
“Cursed?”
Dean glared finally having enough of this. “He made me promise to kill you!”
To put on a collar willingly was an angel showing utmost respect, love and devotion to someone. It not only did that, because Castiel had done that for Dean several times over, but that would make the one that was collared under the control of the one who collared them. It was an uncommon practice because of how strong the wish to serve would be for the collared angel, the one who collared them would become their only priority.
“You were moving your pelvis.” He said and Dean's face paled, he knew he was as he could feel the blood drain from his face. He was having that kind of dream. “I promised you I wouldn't read your mind but I believe you were dreaming about mating.” He added and he groaned looking away burying his head in his hands.
“It's okay Dean, I've got you.” He promised squeezing his hand that had a hold of Dean's scar causing Dean to scream out loudly. Castiel would have pulled away from him if Dean's hands hadn't shot up from Castiel's chest and back to his wings, gripping his wings.
“Profound bond?” Gabriel smirked and Sam wondered what his angel was getting at. Seemed that he saw the question in Sam's hazel eyes and so answered before he had a chance to voice his question. “It is a way to describe it. It is hard to give it words. Language is so limiting when it comes to this.” He explained and hummed thinking.
“If I can't make him feel better then-”
It just cemented more in his mind how much of a lesser version of him had his Dean had to deal with. Castiel let him know that all he wanted him to be was happy and safe. Despite all of that and the fact that he was getting through to Dean, slowly but surely and to be fair they had nothing but time, there was still something that was holding him back.
“Where are you going?”
Waking up to the sound of his brother yelling out Please Cas, more! Fuck me already, just put your cock in me! Was the most disturbing thing that he had ever heard, and considering the life he led tha twas saying a lot.
“Mr. Winchester what happened?” He looked up at the police officer, trying to hold back his glare.
“That sounds fair.” Sam said after a bit of thinking, Gabriel relaxed, revealed that Sam had agreed to it even if he didn't know what part of him would be his he would do as his younger brother had and be okay to do what was needed. If he could keep Sam with him, whether as a lover or a friend, it was better then nothing at all.
“This pie is not so bad.” Castiel agreed and Sam let out a chuckle.
“And so are your luscious locks,” Gabriel tangled his fingers into Sam’s hair and he only answered by rolling his eyes. “You still use that Island Paradise smelling shampoo?” He leaned over to nuzzle his face into Sam's neck before he could answer, “yep, you do!”
“Iron.” Dean explained, “I always thought it was to protect him from a demon that might have followed dad back but...”
That Dean, his Dean, was not looking at him with eyes but he could feel the hatred. His husband hated him.
“Come on, it’s time for dinner,” Dean scoffed but he did wipe his face free of sweat with his shirt and into a bathroom to wash his hands. Dean stood still looking at the two plates with a bottle of beer in front of both.
His thoughts were pushed aside as Castiel's lips were once again on his and of the things that Dean found distracting he would have to put Castiel's lips on his own up there to the top of the list. He felt Castiel's hand move away from his scar and he made a sound against his angel's lips in disappointment and was answered with a chuckle.
“I know how smart you are Dean, but let us see the place that is Prussia.”
But that wasn't enough. Dean wanted, needed, more.
“Buddy needs to be walked twice a day, before the cafe is open and after it is closed.”
“That one? Really man?” The dealer, Jacob, shook his head. “It’s a 1965 Viper. Don’t get excited man, it probably will never run right, last guy who had it didn’t realize what a prize he had, didn’t care at all about it.” He sighed, “I would junk it but she was a beauty in her hey-day, she deserves better than that.” Castiel smiled a bit, that reminded him so much of Dean, of course everything reminded him of Dean. He reached up, slowly rubbing the necklace and ring that he held around his neck.
“W-wh-what?” He barely managed to get the word out and all three were looking at Dean, their full attention on him. Dean wasn't made to have all attention on him, Sam's full attention was never on him like an angel's would be, the human custom of not looking too long and the fact that they weren't like angels kept him from having that creepy almost stalker-like feeling from another person. Castiel he had long since gotten used to it, expecting it honestly and had learned to read the angel's looks understanding what he wanted to say from the slightest change in expression, and Castiel had remarkably quickly learned what Dean's own expressions meant. Normally he didn't like having Gabriel looking at him, even if the archangel had learned human customs over thousands of years but would sometimes slip into that staring thing. Like right now. But he couldn't worry about that this second.
This Castiel knew that he could knit and kind of liked it. Of course when John Winchester had discovered his sixteen year old son knitting…it didn’t matter that Dean was making mittens for Sam and that John could sew, as well as had taught the brothers to sew, and viewed it as a life skill, to him knitting was something that only pansies did.
“But I killed so much. I’ve done so much.” Sam whispered and Gabriel answered by squeezing the witch a bit tighter to him.
“Means he wants us to be together. Romantically.” He said moving his lips to ghost his breath along Castiel's neck and suck lightly right under his ear. “As in love.” His hand reaches down to grip Castiel's butt, “lustfully.” His hips rolled against Castiel's.
Sam reached out gripping Gabriel's wrist, when Gabriel turned to him Sam looked right into his eyes, his hazel eyes staring straight into honey gold eyes. Slowly he shook his head and though Gabriel pouted he did nod and Sam leaned over to press his lips onto Gabriel's cheek.
Neither saw nor thought about the alternate version of Castiel, instead enjoying a simple date, they were on vacation after all.
Curious Castiel began looking through to find Dean Winchester, the last thing he had seen was a confirmed case of seeing Dean was a retired officer. Humming he began searching for her and smirked appearing into her home.
“Sam William Winchester.” Gabriel said it so seriously it was a bit off putting from the normally jokester. “Don't you dare say that. I love you. I...” he then slipped into Enochian before sighing, “I guess you don't understand it. There are no words that explain it in English.” He cupped Sam's face and smiled at him, “I love you more then anything.”
It felt weird to him but wasn't exactly unpleasant but who knows if he would be effected the same way? He was not looking foreword to finding out. “Gabe?” Sam questioned looking around confused as Gabriel smiled at him. “Why you fly me here?”
“We have to leave.”
Dean would say how once they were grown up they'd travel to every state and try the pie famous there. Florida key lime pie, Texas pecan pie, Pennsylvania shoo fly pie, Alaska Russian salmon pie, Delaware peach pie, all the different pies to commemorate seeing everything the state had to offer. Once Sam was older he would whisper back that he'd write down everything and they'd choose a state to set up shop in. It started they'd run their own bakery; donuts, cake, cinnamon rolls, beignets, brownies, blondies, cup cakes, croissants, bagels, fresh baked bread, and the crown jewel; pie. He'd have a pie of the day to and be able to say 'best pies of the entire state'. As Sam got older it turned to not just a bakery but be attached to a nice little diner; one that Sam would run and though he'd serve burgers and meatloaf and all that stuff but the salads would always be fresh and delicious. Of course by the time Sam was twelve those talks and bed time stories were gone.
Despite the pain of losing everyone he ever had, Dean was just glad he kept Sam safe. He was the older brother, he had to take care of his younger brother, Sam had as good a life as he could give him. Sam was always well fed, safe as possible, he even somehow managed to keep Sam in school even though Dean had to quit school as soon as he was sixteen and legally could. John's insistence.
“So...how has these years been?” Gabriel asked and Sam didn't even look up when he answered.
“And I do appreciate it Gabe.” Sam assured and Gabriel relaxed nuzzling his face against his mate's neck.
Sam's eyes widened as he watched this happen in the rear view mirror driving back and he wondered if he would have to put up with this then entire week or two. So he'd have to deal with even more stated sexual tension. Glancing back up after a while he saw they both were asleep, Castiel fast asleep and Dean was blinking his eyes sleepily but would be asleep in a few minutes.
“Wh-what?”
“Gabe?” “Cas?” Both brothers asked at the same time the angels looked between them and they then looked back to their hunters.
What they found was something that they were not expecting but couldn't help but grin. It was two other souls, both instantly recognized the deep purple soul. Bobby. Robert Singer who the souls that once were Dean Winchester and Sam Winchester pulled the once grizzled old man into their arms. Even if they lived and died to be about the same age as he was when he had died they still forever remembered him as much older than he was.
“I know man, but what can we do?” Sam pointed out and Dean nodded, there was just something about those kids. Dean did love kids but normally could relax knowing that they were safe, that he was dedicating his life to make sure that they and all other kids were okay.
Castiel did not take kindly to Dean trying to get away, holding him a bit tighter, not enough to hurt him but enough to hold him still. “Enough.” Castiel looked between Bobby and Sam and though he was looking at them Dean could tell his eyes had gone those pure white, no iris nor pupils again. It had his hunter instincts piqued, wondering why they were like that, if they were random (which seemed unlikely) or if there was a trigger. “Robert Singer, Samuel Winchester, I do care for you two, but you are nothing compared to my bond with Dean. He is mine.” He pulled Dean closer pressed against his chest and Sam gasped and looked between them.
Dean gave a shuddering breath as his angel, and he was his, just as much as Dean was his. Taking a fortifying breath he leaned down kissing him.
“Yeah; first off is whatever bond is between Dean and Cas between you and I?” Sam asked and Dean focused his attention back on Gabriel and Sam.
“I don’t get it,” Sam sighed and turning saw the alternative universe Castiel, or how he started thinking in his mind Scar Cas as Dean called him. He froze as he saw the angel turned god was looking off into the distance, though he couldn’t really see his eyes he was sure that they had a far-off look, he was probably off in thought. He was playing with a necklace and Sam frowned. “Hey, what are you doing?” Scar Cas turned to him and glared at him. He started to walk towards Sam but was stopped from the other Castiel.
“I don't like sitting in the back seat.”
“Hey Sammy! Miss me?” He asked with a coo and Sam was shocked, obviously, as were Castiel and Dean.
“Oh great, are you from the Apocalypse Universe?!”
“Wait! My powers were bound?!”
He punished the other version for all of his own sins. It didn’t assuage his guilt, didn’t help, but by the time he had taken a breath and was calmer the angel laid on the floor. He was not dead and though the god had the inclination to finish the job, to kill him right then and right now and save any trouble the annoyance would make he didn’t.
“Worse?”
“I want to try this amazing cherry pie.” Gabriel chuckled standing, “you want something Samshine?” He asked happily and Sam twisted his lips, while he wasn't really one for sweets often he did like something sweet every now and then, and he did miss his older brother's pies. Even if Dean never was able to bake them since before a few months ago, Dean was scraping by when they were children, he'd have to shoplift food a lot of times. There was no way Dean could get everything needed and even if he could most hotels had either just a microwave or less or shitty oven that couldn't really bake well. However what was part of his childhood, especially when he was younger, is the nice words Dean would weave for him as they ate those tiny single serve pies, that one day they'd have good pies. And the two or three times with Bobby that Dean could by all the gods; they were delicious.
“Blueberry is our favorite.”
“This is the pie?” He asked and Dean made a noise in the affirmative in the back of his throat.
Dean did not speak about the idea of the cafe, not when he got used to taking care of the trio of guiena pigs, not when he got to know Buddy, not as the four got to know how to move around in this new home. He wouldn't have thought it was much different then living in the Bunker but it was. To them it was like a home. A real home.
“Calm down, I just mean that you are 'his human' and to a certain extent he is 'your' angel. It is a bound that can not be broken; the two of you have a sense of each other. You understand what each other is feeling and thinking.” Gabriel explained trying to keep the two humans calm and then gave a chuckle, “oh you two are so interesting, no wonder Castiel spends so much time around you. Though I think Sammy here is more interesting.” He hummed happily setting his mug down mentioning nothing more.
“Gabe?” He questioned who gave him a grin.
“I know. Believe me Sammy, I know.” He shook his head walking away and slamming the door. Sam groaned and buried his face in his hands while Castiel followed Dean. He just went out into the parking lot so he could swing his fists at air screaming out in Latin. Being a Hunter he had a good baseline of Latin from the time he was a small child but spending forty years in hell he had gotten intimately aware of the language.
“Do you want to?” He asked and Dean couldn't believe how this was going. Castiel wasn't offering up a ring, nor was he on one knee, which Dean was grateful for but somehow he was still feeling as shocked, out of breath with a mixture of fear, excitement and happiness that he would if Castiel was on one knee begging for his hand. Something on the hunter's face must have revealed what Dean couldn't say because he had a wide happy smile on his face, one that rarely managed to stretch his normally much more stoic expression and he pulled Dean to him by twin grips on his face.
“Be quiet.” Dean whispers but still his hands moved to stroke along Castiel's spine and every once in a while moving to stroke his black feathers every now and then. Humming softly to and that relaxed Castiel even more as he nuzzled into his chest and neck.
“Ours?” Dean and Sam both echoed looking at the archangel like he was crazy and he chuckled.
“I'd pay you for this pie Dean-o, I swear this is the best baking ever.” Gabriel grinned and Sam nodded.
“What?”
Sam chuckled as he watched Gabriel finish another box of candy. “Why do you like candy so much?” Sam asked but had Gabriel just rolling his eyes and snuggling his face into Sam’s neck.
- - - - -
“Yes, I'm fine Cas! Now move!” Dean panted and Castiel leaned down to kiss his sweet mate before slowly pushing in, focusing on his grace to make sure that Dean felt no pain as he was stretched to take him. He kept going slowly but not pausing until he was fully in then waited, he knew that despite how strong his mate was, he was still fragile in a lot of ways and there was no way that Castiel was going to push to hard. Definitely not now that he finally had his mate after a decade.
“Aw~ so cute. Oh Cassie, you finally proposed to your mate! They grow up so fast!” Gabriel cried causing Dean to jump slightly while Castiel's eyes slid to his older brother looking at most just slightly annoyed.
“Dean, your mate Dean, apparently a king of hell Dean, might not have meant it.” He then frowned and sighed, “of course you’ve also gotten an obvious power boost, so that may have effected it but still it should leave you in horrendous pain, not just emotional but also physical.” Gabriel shuddered a bit, it was extremely rare, only one angel had ever succumbed to it before Gabriel had left but he knew before even then what would happen and it wasn’t pretty, “you’d be on the ground in pain wh-“ Gabriel froze when he felt the feather light stroke along his mind. “Did…did you just read my mind?”
“Well yeah, but I can't. I have t-”
Mary Winchester.
“They are all so perfect.” Castiel whispered and Dean rolled his eyes and smirking knew exactly what to do.
Castiel was much younger then Gabriel and had not nearly as much control of his wings as Gabriel had gotten, and was so used to letting them do whatever they wanted when around Dean that they were able to move and fluff to try to impress Dean. To Dean they looked so soft he just wanted to stroke them, to feel if his feathers were as soft as they looked.
“My word, is that a compliment? To me?” Castiel asked with a smile and Dean groaned.
“Gabe?!” He gasped and Dean wondered how he could not have seen before. “What happened, are you okay?”
Sam had even tried calling out 'Cas! Dean is in danger!” It had worked the last time he needed to do it but not this time. Sam was trying to get in contact with Gabriel which was doing just as well as Dean had getting in contact with Castiel.
“Cas? Are you awake?”
“You? You like reading?” Sam asked not being able to picture it. Gabriel was far from dumb or anything as he had seen that the archangel was quick thinking on his feet, multilingual being able to read and write several different languages as well as speaking them.
“No.” Dean shook his head, his eyes straying back to Castiel, “Cas...”
“Shut up Sammy, I don't want to hear you making out with any tricksters.” He added and Gabriel wrapped his own wings around Sam.
“What's so funny?”
“What is it?” He asked and waited as the man walked towards him, waiting to see what was going on. Castiel was looking at him with that intense stare, he could feel it almost as much as a physical caress.
It was not like being in a fortress, even if this home was a basic fortress as well.
Sam wasn't smirking while pushing his hair out of his eyes and opening books. Nor how his hands would cramp as he made hand written copies of the journal that Dean had started up separating and messing with their father's journal in his own giving it to however many hunters as he could get his hands on. No longer would he reach down, petting Buddy, who was just as old and gray as his human, holding his lower back and knee as he stood once again or lean down so he could press a kiss to Gabriel's cheek.
“Well duh you obvi-“ he cut off with a muffle from Castiel kissing him.
“What happened anyway?” Dean asked starting to realize that he was wearing jeans. “Ugh I hate wearing jeans to sleep,” he squirmed at the uncomfortable feeling against his legs.
“Yes, there are Samshine.” Gabriel leaned up to kiss Sam's cheek, “spray and neuter your pets is said for a reason.” He sighed before taking Sam's hand, “but Sam, listen to me,” his voice went from the almost constant teasing to much more serious which immediately had the tall hunter's attention. “though I know it breaks your heart to see so many in need of a home, you have to realize that to the one you pick to adopt it will mean everything. And it will be one less in need of a home.” Gabriel assured and Sam gave a gentle smile at the idea and looked down at his scuffed sneakers before looking back up at Gabriel with a slight smile.
“Well it seems that no matter what universe you are in, you and Dean-O can’t just be straightforward.” Gabriel pulled Sam into his side and Dean was shocked that Sam allowed himself to be pulled into the trickster archangel’s side. He would have to talk to him about this sometime. “He and the Dean from his universe are mated but it sounds like Dean rejected him.”
Violet used to be able to sucker Crowley as well as their papa into a tea party. That was still their father's favorite picture of his husband. The older Winchester brother  wearing a pink feather boa around his neck, a little silver tiara and ruby red lips, bright pink cheeks and even brighter blue eyelids. Crowley with a long row of fake purple pears wrapped around his neck twice, a big purple hat with pink flowers decorating it and opera length lilac gloves, both men holding tiny teacups that they could have hid almost completely in one hand, with Violet dressed up in her favorite princess dress, her two favorite stuffed animals sitting there as well.
“Don't worry.” Gabriel forced himself to calm down, he had to, had to for them. It was what Sam would want. Sam would smack him if he wasn't there to take care of the kids. Neither he nor Castiel would become John Winchester. “We're still here. You two will never be alone.”
“Yes?”
“Not at all Dean.” Castiel said and remembering what the other version of Dean had said he reached forward to grab Dean’s hand. Dean opened his mouth to question but when he looked up into Castiel eyes they were once again pulled into each other’s eyes and were pulled into the other’s eyes. Castiel happily dived into Dean’s green eyes, he always loved looking into Dean’s eyes, it was where his soul was most vital, and he could see not only it but the secrets it hid. It was almost like when he cradled it in his grace.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“I love you to Cas.” It was everything, everything that Castiel had ever wanted. It was worth it, the fall, the pain of losing his brothers and sisters, the frustration, the anger, the (what he thought) unrequited love, everything. For just this one moment. The very first moment, the one that would start their new life together.
“Papa? Father?” Violet asked frowning as she could obviously tell something was wrong. With that the angels collapsed.
“Cas stand up,” he said pulling Castiel up, but the god stood for him and Dean sighed. “I don’t want a slave man. I want a partner.” Castiel smiled brightly at that and Dean sighed and pulled him into a kiss. “Fuck me, husband.”
- - - - -
“Dean,” he nodded and from outside of the kitchen in the living room Castiel and Gabriel were watching their hunters.
“They are fine. But it is the Dean from my world that I worry about.” Castiel sighed and focusing summoned a pair of mugs filled with tea and macaroons. “I’ve grown used to eating and drinking,” though Castiel never had to and as an angel he could taste nothing but molecules but was used to playing human with his Dean. Gabriel for his part did not question him and so Castiel started to explain as much as he could. “I’m from another universe, Dean and I fell in love and even married; but there was a…an accident and he…” Castiel couldn’t bring himself to finish, instead awkwardly swallowing before shaking his head, grateful that Gabriel did not push. “He should have been dead, beyond dead, his soul gone and disappeared,” Gabriel let out the slightest gasp, the air he did not need leaving his lungs and his mouth going dry, he knew there was only two possible options: either something with a power level equal to Castiel-a god-killed Dean or, the worst thing to think, Castiel himself killed Dean. If they were married that meant that the elder Winchester was his mate, and to lose a mate…
But right now all he wanted was...what he wanted was something he would never say out loud. Would never admit even to himself that he thought it. But he wanted to be held, Castiel had never had a problem invading Dean's personal space and staring into his eye much longer then would be considered normal, which Dean had always bared the brunt of between the Winchester brothers. But actual physical touching was few and far between, sure Castiel would often reach out to grip the hand print and Dean would touch his angel's shoulder. But not the slight brushing against each others sides, he was much freer with reaching out to touch his hunter and Dean didn't hold back from pulling his mate into a hug.
“Darling calm, please my adored, just calm down.” Castiel tried to placate him but it wouldn’t work, Dean was not about to let go of his thoughts. “Dean, think now, do I seem like the memories of what he was when he became…Godstiel you said?” He asked and chuckled, “I am Castiel, you have nothing to worry about.” He promised him but the man just looked away, “would he have done this?”
“Who the hell do you think you are?!”
Castiel was able to sneak past Sam easily but the Nephilim he had to be more careful. He made it fully into Dean’s room and couldn’t help the smile, the scent of Dean was saturated into every corner of these four walls. The well-known pulsing of the leftover energy of his souls reverberated along these walls.
“Come on Dean, what’s the harm of one hunt with me?” He smiled at Dean and it was so much like his Castiel’s smile.
“Cas?” Dean questioned looking into the three faces and smiled seeing that it was and he hummed moving his mate to lay across his neck, holding him close and relaxing, stroking Dean.
“Dean?” He whispered worried about him and Dean reached out to grip Castiel's forearm and giving a light squeeze before letting go. I'm fine, give me a moment.
“Dean,” he whispered the way that they looked into each other's eyes, seeing the same man staring back into his eyes.
“Oh Dean, you underestimate how important and special you are,” he could see it, Dean was blooming from the inside but was trying to hide it. “I need you,” Dean had said that to him once, and it had not been till much later that Castiel realized that was the first time his Dean had said, verbally, that he loved him.
“Yep. If they can see souls it will be like wearing a blinking sign that said 'I am bonded to Castiel'.” Gabe giggled himself enjoying finding this common ground of humor with his own bond mate.
For the angels it was much stronger, they could see it. Dean’s soul was golden, the color of the sunrise, and Castiel got to see his deep blue grace, the color of the ocean that could be just as giving and calm as it was murderous and angry. Sam’s soul was a deep green, the green that gardeners longed for in their plants, and Gabriel’s grace was red, fittingly the color of a rose in its prime. The angels got to see all of this happen, it was not unlike a new star being born, or the secrets hidden deep on the ocean floor. As it completed, as Dean and Castiel as well as Sam and Gabriel became two parts of the same whole the hunters were able to see it to. They gasped as they got used to it, having two consciousness at the same time, becoming one.
“Okay Cas spill,” Dean raised an eyebrow when he lifted his shirtsleeve slotting his hand against Dean's scar. Dean let out a gasp before suddenly he was surrounded by love, acceptance, caring, possessiveness, and just overwhelming Castiel that he was blanketed in it. It filled up the holes left in his being from his childhood of neglect, his own inadequacy he felt, the hole that love was supposed to fill and that strange bright light was filling it to the brim. What he couldn't be aware of was how his own deep blue soul doing the same for Castiel filling all the pain he had suffered and wrapping around the places he pushed his own grace into Dean.
“So I have psychic powers?!” Dean asked confused, he was older then his brother, five years older, how could it be that he never knew that he had powers? “How can I not know this?” He asked and Sam glared at Dean.
“I prefer not to say.”
Laying with Dean in his arms late into the morning was one of the most pleasurable things Castiel had ever experienced. Dean refused to call it snuggling or cuddling but that is what they were doing. The two were still coming down from their high of bringing each other to completion with their mouths.
Sam groaned, digging his hands into his hair, knotting his long fingers into the wavy strands. His hat was knocked off and he walked back and forth the small cottage that he had claimed. He might be blind, but he could see better than he had when he had his eyes. And Gabriel…his Gabriel.
“I’ll take it.”
How did Castiel massage him without hurting him? Dean didn't care. It felt so good, turning him into just goop.
They were only a bundle of energy, Sam was a lilac purple color and Dean was a deep forest green. The floor felt like it was padded like a high school gym wrestling room. There were so many things that caught their eye-did they even have eyes anymore?-a library's worth of books, a few car parts, and there were more but the two couldn't see more before there was suddenly two new presences in the place. In truth they were bigger than either Dean or Sam, much bigger. They were easily a hundred times bigger than Sam and Dean if not more. One was bright cherry red and the other was a deep Prussian blue. The blue one picked Dean up and the red picked up Sam lifting them up and pulled them  up holding them delicately in two of their six hands.
“What? Married?! When? How? Why didn't you tell me?” He asked, more like yelled, and Castiel flinched at every question, it was rapidly dousing the heat of his anger. But he didn't want to calm down, anger and snark had long since become a shield for Dean; it was what kept him from falling apart from all the times his trust had been violated either by lies or just being left-Sam, dad, Bobby, mom-by everyone. What did he have if he gave that up?
“Hell?” The man questioned, turning around to plate up some omelets, but omelets that they had never seen before. It was white and instead of being folded in half was more rolled like a cigar. There was also a plate that was piled high with waffles and a medium bowl that they could see some fruit peeking above the rim. “Maybe I should head over to hell, check out my kingdom.”
“We're not sure which will be the right one, but Cas does have a thing for saving. Is there one that is rarely picked to be held?” Dean asked and the inspired look on Castiel's face told him that he loved that idea.
Why people always thought he and Castiel were getting it on?! Granted it was much better then when they thought he and Sam were doing something. That was just disturbing considering they were brothers. And with Castiel it...it wasn't so bad.
I hope you guys liked this chapter. Honestly I'm hit with the fact that I could end this story right here and I think it would be good but I've got a bit more planned and hope it will end well.
“Yep, Samshine do you forget I know you rub coconut oil into your skin every night and into your hair twice a week?”
It did not matter, he had taken on archangels for Dean, he had happily turned his back on heaven, and he’d do it again. But first, they had to find him.
That got through to Sam.
Castiel groaned and his bleary blue eyes opened, clearing slightly with each blink. “De?” He managed to get through, his voice even more gravelly thanks to sleep. “De, what is it?” Castiel asked seeing that Dean was in his pajamas gripping a pillow.
“What's this thing you are talking about?” Dean asked and Gabriel looked up from where he was sitting on the desk his coffee almost gone and Sam sitting at the chair from the desk his coffee already gone.
“Violet!” He jumped through and the little girl gasped and slid down her bed running to him. He pulled her up in his arm already turning to get Jacob. Praying to any god that might be listening that whatever it was didn't get Jacob first. “What did you see, honey?”
He brought the bike to the garage, he knew he’d have to go and collect the Impala soon, perhaps while Dean was sleeping or while he was washing. That he would worry about later, but first he would see Dean. Doing a quick scan of the home to find out which room Dean was in, now that he knew about the carvings in his ribs, he knew it would instead be looking for the body and not the soul he froze.
“So now we wait, fifty minutes.”
At first, despite the shock to himself he thought that Dean liked that. Liked being a torturer. But seeing the fear on his face when he offered to throw him back into the pit that he realized it wasn't that he liked it. It was because Dean thought he deserved it. How Dean could ever think that was beyond him.
He just wanted to pet and rub all of them, give them all the attention they could ever need.
“Shit, we have to let the crust cool for four hours.” Dean groaned reaching for his keys wondering if he could find out where the nearest store was. He could buy some instant pie crust. Maybe they would use the pie crust once it was chilled and make another pie? Perhaps instead of just one pie do two open pies? Like blueberry or pumpkin.
Dean walked over to where Sam was as they would have to head to the bakery soon. Sam was the only one of them who was naturally an early riser so would always show up at the bakery and help out wherever something was needed; sanitizing counters, checking out any possible repairs that might be needed or even just upkeep, as well as inventory.
“Sure, about that?” Dean purposefully made himself sound overly confident knowing that it would make whoever this guy was underestimate him, and that was what he needed.
“A CEO of a business that failed in 2008 during the time humans panicked, I used my powers to clean it.” It had been years, but it had taken less than a thought for Castiel to make it appropriate for his hunter. A blank enough slate for Dean to imagine whatever changes he wanted but having furnishings to choose what he wanted. “Go ahead and explore while I gather some supplies. Stay inside, I won’t be long.” The last part was more for himself than Dean, the idea of him being gone, away from Castiel’s eyes and easy reach, caused fear to grip his throat. Taking away his way to breathe and whispering how he would lose his precious hunter if he left, but he had to. He could make these appear but how would he know exactly what to get? Some of those gadgets’ humans made Castiel would never have thought of.
“Come, come, you haven't lived until you tried my wife's cookies.” She assured placing Ginger back into her carrier and leading Castiel away. The angel did not know what he was expecting but it wasn't what happened. The apartment looked normal enough in a strange combination of outer space and the sea, which he enjoyed both so was not a bad thing to see for him.
“Gabe, I’m wearing the ring you gave me around my neck, you can call me Sammy if you really want to.” Sam promised, kissing the archangel’s forehead. Gabriel reached over to gently touch the ring hanging from the silver chain.
(See the end of the chapter for
When he did, he sighed and shook Gabriel a few times, but the archangel didn’t do anything but grumble and cuddle deeper into his folded arms. Castiel sighed but definitely didn’t want to deal with the Shadow of the Empty so instead picked Gabriel up, he would bother with waking him later.
He frowned and looked around and saw that he could not find any Dean and he sighed, normally he would be able to find him immediately. There was no Dean here. Despite that he would continue to search for him, he would find what had happened to him. Whether he was even ever born or already dead.
“Yes Samsquatch.” He chuckled pointing upstairs which Sam headed up to, “there is also some ancient angel books. Bet you'd want to check it out.” He winked as Castiel's blue eyes widened and he glanced at Dean who looked over to the stairs letting him know that he was okay if he headed out.
“Dean, beloved, how can you say that?” Castiel tried to step closer to his husband, the one he had spent years, so many years, thinking he was dead and now he was standing in front of him. Not a poor copy, not the exact same Dean in nearly the same life lived, not even a perfect Dean…his Dean. The man who had accepted his feelings, who cooked together, who baked him a pie, experimenting until he discovered the perfect pies. ‘Cas Pie’ being a honey pie, his own favorite pie was apple pie, they discovered that Dean loved the apple pie even more if they added some honey to it, that Castiel loved his eggs scrambled best, that Dean loved to relax in Castiel’s arms as they cooked, the time they cuddled and watched movies, dancing along to the music Dean loved, all of that.
"Wait. What?"
To say that things were tense at Bobby’s for the next few days would be an understatement.
Dean couldn't figure out what the angel's problem was. So what if he had been shown Dean's death long into the future. It was actually nice to know that Dean would get to live that long, longer than he ever thought he would get. He figured that he wouldn't make it past 35 in all honesty. So why was Cas freaking out? After he had pulled his hands away from his head, he had given Dean a panicked look, and disappeared without so much as a by your leave. Dean would have thought he was being a rude dick if he hadn't been kinda worried about the angel.
The young man stepped out first, his arms protectively around the woman. In a deep voice that was surprising coming out of his youthful features, Adam asked. “What the hell was that? What were they?”
The line went dead.
Being an "essential worker" during 2020 sucked ass (and not in the fun way). I totally forgot that I had even written this chapter.
In watching over their charges as you, after all.” The smile was chilling on the angel’s vessel, unearthly without a hint of the human hosting him beneath the surface.
“What’s his name Sam?” Castiel interrupted Dean’s rant before it gained full speed. He moved to scratch behind the pup’s ear.
So this chapter is kind of all over the place but it really is going to be setting up soooooo much for later parts.
*****
**8**8**8**8**
Lilith had him.
“Shit. Please tell me that all that blood soaking you is from the demons? Please tell me that, Sammy.” When Sam avoided his gaze, Dean turned to confront his daughter about it. She ignored his gaze as well, picking leftover demon bits out of her nailbed.
Cuddling the dog to his naked chest, Sam glanced down into the golden eyes. A sense of familiarity hit him, pulling him deeper. The corgi licked at his chin, happy to be held. Sam choked back a wave of loss. He had never told anyone all of his thoughts about the menace they once knew.
Cas turned a little to eye Dean beside him as the pirate continued to speak. When Buttercup answered, Dean turned to look him straight in the eye.
She was still uncertain about seeking out Crowley. Mixed visuals aside, he was always a wildcard that she didn’t feel like they needed to test the waters with.
Brain bleach may be required for some Winchesters...
Cas took a breath before saying, hesitantly. “Kiss me.”
” Dean gasped. “How dare you! Baby is not just a -!”
There, tangled within the limbs of the foliage and covered in mud, was a dog. A corgi to be precise.
He couldn't lose his wings. He just couldn't. He had seen how much humans struggled. He knew he wouldn't be able to handle it.
, 2008," the date didn't come out of his mouth easily. Where was this woman from that she had come to them? For that matter, why them?
*reads her own notes..."temporary death"...
As he rounded the path, Sam slowed. This was one of his favorite spots on the trail, heavily wooded but with a great view of the river at the turn. He jogged in place, measuring his pulse and slightly zoning out when he heard it.
“Sam, maybe you should try praying…” Bertie began.
He offered to help with the Impala’s maintenance. Dean had visibly flinched. Sam was proud of his brother however when he found the pair an hour later leaning under the hood, side by side, covered in grease. Dean seemed to be giving Cas a lesson in the basics of taking care of Baby. The same one Sam had been given.
, she thought. Her arriving in this time had already changed the course of time. They were going to know at some point, might as well tell them now. Taking a deep breath, she smiled at the tall Winchester.
“The prophet?” Gabriel perked up from the back seat. Of course he knew of the prophet. As soon as the man had been tapped up for the job as the next Prophet of the Lord, Gabriel had known. He had felt the connection to protect, as all the Archangels felt. It didn’t explain why they were here to see him though. “You think that just because Dad gives him visions or whatever, Chuck can get a hold of the big guy? Doubtful.”
“I’ll tell you guys later. Let me show you your rooms first. I know you probably want to rest after you drive down.” Bertie had no idea why she was acting like a nervous hostess. She already knew that the brothers loved this bunker, that they would live here and have a family here for years to come.
Okay I'm ignoring the end of 14. Prefer the nice version of Chuck. Also this chapter seriously ran away from me but I'm cool with it.
Flexing her wings out protectively, she answered Dean. “He’s wearing your brother as a meatsuit. And from what I can tell he’s… Adam’s still in there.”
She just smiled.
“I’m sure, Gabriel. I’d be a massive hypocrite if I did have a problem with it.” When the shorter man gave Sam a questioning look, he was slightly reluctant to explain. When his shaggy bangs fell into his eyes, he didn’t bother fixing it. A slight blush reddened his neck. “I may have had a couple of flings back in college. Frat parties, ya know?”
In a whisper of wings the three angels disappeared, leaving no trace that they were ever present. The only being to notice was a rabbit a few yards away, munching on some undergrowth.
He had only been allotted two 'arrows' for this assignment, and it would continue to remain an open case unless Dean found and fell for his soul mate. Now what was he supposed to do? This was supposed to be a quick in and out job; find the target at home, tag them, then return. And he had screwed up. But the intel that he had been given was wrong, it wasn't his fault. He hadn't known that there was a third man living in the bunker. Or that said man was Castiel. All the Cupid could do now was wait and watch to see what would happen next.
“Exactly.”
Bertie crossed her arms and stared him down. "I'm not asking your permission."
Sam punched him in the shoulder. “Shut up, jerk.”
Continuing to give the dog reassurances, even though Sam knew the animal couldn’t really understand him, he began walking back to the bunker. He knew that his brother was going to put up a fuss about the Sam bringing the corgi into the bunker, but he would just have to deal with it. He smirked and looked down at the animal in his arms. He laughed when he got a lick to the cheek in return. “You know what, buddy? If Dean gets to keep Cas, I get to keep you.”
“Cas, watch out for my brother, please.”
Well now that Sammy had left the safety of the Impala, Dean couldn’t just drive away and leave him behind. Reluctantly, he got out of the car, slamming his own door in frustration. Dean snorted. He would give the place five minutes before calling Bobby that this was a complete waste of time. Maybe he could get back early enough to try to get a hold of Cas again. Dean swore he was tired of playing angel phone tag. Or
This is a lot darker than I meant for it to be. (Still not as dark as I've read out of other stories, but for me dark af)
Well, maybe not the
Chuck was whimpering. “Wh-who are you people?”
Cupid # x2pi75L was going to be in so much trouble.
"Do I even want to know what you've been up to? Or is that some big secret that you can't tell me?" Dean glared at his daughter. Now that he had some time to come to terms with it, he could see it. She definitely had some of his features. Definitely had his attitude.
’, though the angel continued to do so.
Waving his hand, the Cupid marked the target's heart. Job done, he clapped his hands. Before he could go search for the older Winchester, a very tall man entered the room, carrying a plate of food with him. The tall man smiled as he set the tray down in front of the man huddled on the bed. "Hey Cas. Thought you might be hungry," he said with a smile.
“In a romantic bond? Both physical and emotional?” Castiel’s stoic demeanor was almost cold as he continued slowly. “While I’m not fully against the idea of such a bond, it seemed that our future selves had gone through much together before forming such a relationship. One that we currently do not have.”
Before he could step into the room, a brightness -blinding and horrible- appeared beneath the door. There was only one…
They arrived in a blink, Bertie transporting her Dad and uncle in a snap. They made their way through the headstones, weapons at the ready. In the middle of the abandoned cemetery stood Michael, impatient and pompous as always, fidgeting with his blade.
'Uncle Sammy' wasn't something he had ever expected to be called, at least not for several more years if at all. He especially wasn't expecting it to come from someone who looked like she was older than he was.
Finally he left his brother alone, ruminating on all he said, unaware that the creature in his arms was ruminating all the same.
At Dean’s confused look, Sam sighed. Trickster was currently curled up on his lap, enjoying a very thorough ear scritch. The hunters were completely oblivious however that he was paying attention to every word that was said.
Little did the young Cupid know that someone else was watching.
<3<3<3
The trio spun around. Gabriel sagged against the library archway, weighted down though his face showed nothing. But Bertie could see it all. Gabriel’s wings drooped along the floor, trailing behind him. Their once glorious color, brighter than anything a human could imagine, was now dull, mourning. It was like having grown up watching nothing but HD television and then being forced to sit through an old black and white series where half the screen was skipping. Her breath caught.
“We aren’t… we haven’t… Shut up!” Dean reddened.
Sam grabbed his brother by the shoulder, halting him in his tracks. “Dean, slow down. Where are you going?”
Now all of that hadn’t not been exactly normal behavior for the pair. What was strange was, as Sam turned to leave, he overheard something that stopped him in his tracks. Castiel, former angel of the lord, used a pickup line on Dean.
"You stupid sonofabitch," Bertie stood and took a step closer to her uncle. "I mean, I was told the stories but I just thought Dad had exaggerated. There was no way that my uncle Sammy, the man who taught me how to hotwire a car when I was 10, would have ever done something so fucking stupid!"
*****
"Sure Coop. I always like messing with the Winchester's. Doesn't mean that messing with them can't also include helping them too." Linking his arm with the cherub, he made to snap his fingers. "Watch and learn kid."
The blond turned to look at them, and raised a considering brow. He pointed the blade at the female. “
After Sam had been old enough to help out with conning at the bar and pool halls, Dean had stopped sleeping with men. He glanced at the blue eyed angel beside him, considering. Dean had to admit, Castiel was certainly attractive. At least his vessel was. Clearing his throat, Dean’s eyes went back to scanning the lot. “So this future she showed you…”
**8**8**8**8**
“Why should I…” Sam choked on his lackluster refusal when two sets of eyes landed on him. No matter that Dean hated his sad dog eyes, Sam had to learn it from someone. Clearly it had been taught to the next generation as well. Puppy eyes in stereo was not something he had the power to ignore. Throwing his hands up, he exclaimed. “Fine! He’s not going to come you know, but here goes nothing.”
It was Jimmy Novak’s fault really, Cas mused. Though a partial amount of the blame could be placed on Dean’s head as well for that matter.
It made things a lot easier statistically.
“Can’t fight for yourself jackass? Got to call in your muppets to do your dirty work?” She smirked, channeling all of her parent’s sass that she could. If she was going to go out, she was going out a mother-fucking Winchester. “Or are you just too afraid to fight a
of his feet hitting the trail path put him into a trance as he ran his usual route from the bunker. It was a path he followed almost every day when the Winchesters were home in Lebanon. No matter how much Dean teased him about it, Sam would always find enjoyment in exercise.
Sam watched as Bertie went over to the window. He couldn’t keep the smirk off his face when she yelled.
Over the past day and a half Dean had drank himself into a lethargic coma. Sam had tried calling several times. Dean ignored them all, sending them straight to voicemail as he sank deeper into the bottle of Johnny Walker, knowing he wouldn’t be able to sink deep enough. Eventually, before passing out last night he made himself listen to the last voicemail from Sam.
Bertie released her angel blade, the weight of it dropping into her hand. “Come on. We’ve got work to do.”
for killing his friend. Sure he knew Ruby was… had been a demon, but that didn’t mean that he forgot how she had helped him after Dean had died. Hell, he would have died if not for her. How dare his brother think that he can just go around killing like that? Without talking to him about it?
Bertie let out a tight laugh. Her green eyes holding nothing but a mischievous twinkle. “No. He died a few times before I was even born. Hell so did you and Dad.”
echoed through the house. She barely noticed as her companions shifted awkwardly behind her. She snorted quietly at the imagery. Angel on one shoulder and Winchester at the other.
With the distraction the move and discovering the hidden aspects of the Men of Letters bunker it provided no one had immediately noticed when Castiel had initially disappeared. It had been the general consensus that he was back up in heaven doing some heavenly mission like stopping more seals from breaking. But whenever he had done so before he had at least gotten around to answering Dean’s prayers eventually. Immediately if and when possible.
Dean stared up in disbelief at the dilapidated building. It was in the middle of nowhere and looking worn down around the edges. Graffiti decorated the cement walls and broken bottles lined the side of the cracked driveway. There was no way that this was the place Bertie wanted the hunters to see. He drummed his fingers along the ridge of Baby’s steering wheel, debating whether he should turn the car around now and head back to Bobby’s.
“Your name is Gabriel? Little froo-froo ain’t it?” Clearly Dean was forgetting to used his brain-to-mouth filter again.
Feeling the pressure of tears pushing forward, Dean forced them away. His chest ached and his breath was shallow. He couldn’t deal with this right now. Or ever. How was he supposed to deal with his best friend gone, now, after they had gotten so close? Dragging his hand down his face, he located his phone across the room on his desk. Grabbing it, he saw that the voicemail was from an unknown number.
*****
“And you couldn’t just ask, you fucking dick-bag? Where did you take my mother?” Adam growled. Angels his ass. First chance he got he was going to stab this douchebag in the fucking neck.
“I don’t think that Dad-io is going to show up for this.” Gabriel snorted.
“Oh because I know we are going to change this.”
But for the first time in eons he stretched his senses, looking for a specific person. His wings flexed in anger at what he found. He disappeared with a snap of his fingers, choosing for the first time in forever to step into danger.
“No dogs in the car, Dean.” Sam sassed with a grin. “This isn’t the car. Deal with it. I’m keeping him.”
Castiel moved closer before sitting next to Dean on the hood of the Impala. “I don’t know. I hope so. The things she’s said… It’s unprecedented.”
She held her breath as the door cracked open.
Then why had Sam named his supposed new pet after him?
Bartholomew grinned.
Meant to say a big thank you to the lovely and awesome VampAmber for bothering to read the first draft of this and all my writings.
"Did she just say...?"
It hadn’t been until Bertie was a teenager that she had gotten the whole story from her Father. Including all the gruesome details of the man’s death that Dean had kept from her as a child.
“Don’t bother, kid. Dad never does anything he doesn’t want to. He’s always been content to ignore everything and watch as humanity screws itself over.” Gabriel said bitterly. “It’s all just a story to him, and Dad doesn’t do happy endings.”
Well,
"What?" Her thoughts weren't on what the man said, they were otherwise engaged. She knew intrinsically that something had gone wrong. She wasn't where -
Bertie nodded. “But when Lucifer kidnapped Jack, Sam jumped and hitched a ride on the angel mojo express. Lucifer killed him. I was ten.”
In a rage, Jack had finally ended Michael, but not without Michael ending him as well. The rifts between the worlds had grown exponentially by then but the energy Jack gave off when his grace exploded… There were no words.
Again I stress that what happened is only TEMPORARY. But that might still take a few chapters. (runs and hides from the angry pitchfork wielding villagers.)
“Told ya he wouldn’t help. Dad doesn’t give a shit.” Gabriel huffed, crossing his arms in annoyance. He felt a giant hand settle on his shoulder. Taking what comfort he could from the other man for a moment, the Trickster sighed. He needed to think, needed to process seeing his Father again after all this time. “You know what, I’ll catch you guys later.”
THEN:
“He needs to rest,” was all she said.
“Sammy, you should go change. I’ll go get Bobby. I don’t want you to have to repeat this if you don’t need to.” Dean left them waiting in the study as he went outside to collect the old hunter.
“So you want me to help you help those chucklehead Winchesters stop the apocalypse. The same apocalypse you claim I died in the first time around? Ha!” Gabriel shook his head disbelieving. Taking a moment to scratch the top of the terrier’s head, he sighed. “Look I feel for you kid. I do. But I just can’t get involved. Michael and Luci need to fight this out for themselves…”
It bothered him as to why that quote stuck with him, why Dean Winchester had used it drunkenly that night.
“She’s safe. For now.” The suited man smirked cruelly. “Consider it an incentive to
Sam’s mouth dropped open. Gabriel reached over and snapped. A giant grape sucker filled the gap. He and Bertie laughed as Sam tried not to choke on the unexpected sweet. He clapped a hand to Sam’s back, taking a second to rub it a moment. He had to admit the act was refueling his grace a bit. “Come on Buck-o. I’m pretty sure I know what our niece here is about to suggest.”
Gabriel glanced at her, frowning.
"Not a demon or shifter then." The younger man, Dean, clicked the safety back on his gun. He kept it lowered only slightly. "So what you some kind of angel dick bag too?"
“Damn right.”
"Killing demons," they both spoke at once.
“Nope. No. I’m still dreaming.” The writer took a swig of the booze, shaking his head nervously. “This is just part of my new novel. That’s all. Just a drunken stupor, my plot running off by itself. It does that you know. Wait. Why am I even talking to you? It’s pointless. Pointless.”
Gabriel landed silently. Using his pagan tricks over his mojo to sneak into heaven was draining as hell, but he was less likely to be discovered. He remained invisible, doubting that even Michael would be able to sense him at this point. It wouldn’t be easily explained away why a presumed dead archangel was sneaking into his former home. The younger tiers of seraphs wouldn’t understand why he had left, and Gabriel wasn’t in the mood to explain it to them.
"We aren't gonna tell you anything until you start talking." Bobby narrowed his eyes in an intimidating glare. He had set the shotgun down on top of the table, exchanging it for the open beer he had been drinking before she appeared.
Gabriel stepped closer to the pair. He wanted to know the answer as well.
TW: Torture    You have been warned.
“As you wish, Dean.”
“Yes, Dean?” Castiel waited patiently for him to continue.
The eye exchange lasted longer, their bodies generally closer. Dean no longer chastised Cas for invading his ‘
"Not that I'm not
“Let her go!” Adam cried out. He tried to jerk himself away from the suited fucking mook with the impossible vice grip. No more than ten minutes ago three jackasses in power suits appeared magically in the Milligan’s living room, grabbing both Adam and his mother Kate. He shouted as he tried to fight back. He swung a punch, landing it across the jaw of one of them. His fist cracked hitting the cement filled jaw. Adam shouted out in pain. “What the hell do you want?”
Castiel decided to step into the fray. Stepping closer to Dean, he placed two fingers on the man's forehead, healing his injuries and cleaning him up of the blood staining his clothing. Changing what was clearly a sensitive subject, he asked the hunter. "Why were you hunting demons?"
The man was sitting in the dark, wrapped in several blankets, staring unblinking at the television screen. The sight was not what he expected of the strong hunter, the one who had fought off Lucifer himself. The Cupid frowned at the dejected expression on the hunter's face.
SMH I fail at life.
Castiel tensed as his superior glanced around mockingly. He scoffed. “And yet I don’t see our brother anywhere. He’s still locked in the Cage. Forever. All because we lost the key.”
She brought them through the main areas of the bunker, pointing out places like the kitchen, showers, and other basic amenities, some of which still needed upgraded. Then she showed them the bedrooms. She hadn’t bothered to decorate other than putting new mattresses and bedding in the rooms. The rest could be left up to the hunters themselves. Dean had already fallen face first into his pillow muttering about how the only way the bed could be any better was if it had ‘magic fingers.’
Comments, kudos and yada yada
Castiel breaking the news that Bertie was his child as well was not well received. Especially by Dean. For now though he was choosing to ignore the information until absolutely necessary.
Enjoy!
"We weren't hunting demons. We were hunting Ruby. She just happened to have like twenty other demons with her when we found her is all." Dean avoided his brother's gaze.
Beyond him a pair of angels stood sentry over Castiel. The trench coated angel hung limply between them, bruised and beaten and bloody. He had been caught off guard, attacked with no remorse by his brothers almost immediately after his return. He was weak but he could still feel his power coming back, and more power than he was used to.
Comments, kudos and yada yada ya'll
Between the demon detox on his brother, the trench coat wearing angel having a breakdown, and a daughter time traveling from the future... Well, let's just say that Dean was done.
A text alarm sounded on his phone. Reaching over to the nightstand, Dean read it.
*****
“It’s Sam, not Sammy,” the tall man responded coldly. In a matter of seconds he somehow towered over the archangel even more than he had been already, towering and intimidating. And if Gabriel hadn’t been the ginormous celestial wavelength of intent that he was, he might have felt threatened.
Max barked.
“It’s alright, Roberta. You can tell us.” Castiel spoke softly. He had seen some of what she went through when she had shown him Dean’s death.
“Nah. But I broke a nail crawling out of hell.”
It had started one night, soon after meeting the Winchester’s, when Dean had been drinking. Dean had been getting more and more morose the further into the supply of beer he got when suddenly he slurred out. “Y’know what I shoulda told that Az…asshole? That Az-azeazal? I shoulda said to him.” At this he paused, frowning and trying to concentrate on remembering what it was that he had wanted to say. “I shoulda said, ‘Hello. My name isn’t Inigo Montoya. But you killed my father. Prepare to die.”
***8***8***
“Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?”
He realized his mistake almost as soon as he went to check in to the motel. The clerk working the night shift turned out to be a demon. A demon who had friends. Friends who knew how to contact Lilith.
“You aren’t dreaming. This isn’t the Winchester Gospel. This is you needing to own up to who you are.” Bertie knelt at his side. She searched his face for the Grandfather she knew. “Who you
“…to Gabriel.” Bertie finished, arching a brow.
“Go ahead, Cas.” Dean nodded.
Sam had a difficult time not laughing as he watched his brother trying not to loose it and yell at the new human. The kitchen was Dean’s domain after all. He hated seeing it get destroyed, however minor the damage. Castiel’s sorrowful blue eyes went a long way to calm the older Winchester.
Also, let Gabe's daddy issues commence!
Dean wandered over to Bobby's fridge, taking out the fixings to make a sandwich. It had been almost a day since Bertie had appeared. Initially she had offered to zap them to Bobby's house with a snap of her fingers, but Dean had refused. He needed time to think, to process everything that she was claiming. Bertie was Dean's daughter. Sam was working with demons and sucking down their blood like a fucking vampire. Bobby didn't want to get involved. And as for Castiel...
Gabriel was surprised by his attitude. The moose had gone to college after all. “What? Is two men making out disturbing you? I thought you were more open minded than that, Samsquatch?”
“Those,” Bertie pointed with her hatchet. “Those are ghouls. They are the kids of the ghoul that got ganked back when John Winchester first came through town.”
“Michael?” Sam echoed. “You mean the archangel? Why would he take Castiel?”
Those brothers were what many a Cupid's nightmares were made of. If they had nightmares that is. Or the capability of sleep. Even the monsters of the world, underworld and purgatory feared the famous hunters. But their reasons weren't the reasons that made this Cupid hesitant.
Gabriel shot Dean a surprised glance. “You and Castiel knocking boots? Good for you.”
“Roberta?” Sam questioned.
The older hunter’s
Sam-a-lam! I have no problem being used. As long as we establish safe words. Mine’s ‘
Frowning, Castiel considered his friend's words. Tentatively, he lifted his arm, taking a sniff. He cringed. "That may not be the worst suggestion ever."
Bertie just raised a brow and exited the impala. She didn’t wait for the others as she rushed up to the front door. She pressed her finger to the bell, the
He turned to Sam. Fuck the moose was in bad shape. He held a hand to the side of his face, pulling the knife out with his other hand. “This may hurt a bit, Samsquatch.”
"You were hunting Ruby? Ruby? Why Dean?" Pissed he shoved at his brother's shoulder.
"Healed him? Healed him from what?" Bobby asked.
Bertie closed her eyes, memories flashing behind the lids. Seeing her Dad, his laughing green eyes turn cold as Michael took control. Years of him taunting her and her Father and Jack, telling them how Dean was slowly dying inside him, loosing his fight for freedom. She had cried so hard when finally Michael laughed and told them Dean was dead, that he wouldn’t be in Heaven.
***8***8***
allies hadn’t been born yet. She would have to find and convince the people who she had known to help her family. Jody, Donna, Charlie were the first to pop into her head. She knew she would have to talk with Castiel about recruiting Balthazar eventually. She had always enjoyed the stories of the flamboyant, Titanic-hating angel her Father had told.
made for a very tense atmosphere.
.” Bertie added under her breath.
Zachariah yanked at the back of the young Seraph’s head. He put his face within a breath’s space of Castiel’s, tongue licking the scruff of his cheek. Castiel grimaced. Dean was right, angels really were douche-bags.
While her family was dealing with the backlash of emotions her presence had caused, Bertie had other things occupying her time. And none of it was particularly easy to deal with when it was just her having to do it all.
Which was disappointing, but at least it was more of a step in the right direction. He stared down at them a few moments more, seeing beyond to their souls. Gabriel smiled softly. Little Castiel’s soul was growing strong, and Dean’s was at peace. The archangel hadn’t been aware at how the human’s soul was at war with itself. Apparently having Castiel return his feelings settled something within the grumpy hunter.
They didn’t get a chance to comment on the fact this place had a
“Well, A: God brought back Castiel. Like seriously, how is that not obvious?” Bertie rolled her eyes. She manifested her archangel blade, dropping the twisted celestial metal into her hand. “And two? I’m Bertie. Short version, I’m here to stop the end of the world.”
’. Dean wasn’t that lucky.
“Dad-”
Once everyone was gathered, cleaned, and reacquainted –Gabriel surprising the hell out of Castiel with his presence- they waited for Bertie to begin.
Sam glanced down at the newly clean corgi. “You didn’t have to stay in here buddy.”
Perhaps he had sat on the sidelines for too long.
Cupid # x2pi75L groaned as he read the next two names on his assignment sheet.
“Sonofabitch!” Bertie shouted.
Boy oh boy was he wrong.
But she knew her Dad well enough that he would believe jack shit yet. Hell, he had even warned her once about the dangers of traveling through time. But then people had died and the universes started pushing against each other and she had to throw caution to the wind. She finally was following her family's tradition of self-sacrificing for the greater good.
First and foremost she had planned on getting the bunker set up. It would be a much better safe house than Bobby’s, though the library wasn’t nearly as impressive as the old hunter’s. Her plan was though to add all of Bobby’s collection to the space. Once she convinced them to move in that is.
Sam had been hesitant about having Bertie drive Baby. Dean didn’t even like having people touch the impala, let alone drive it. Then he realized that she had probably been driving it for more years than Dean even had. Sam still got to ride shotgun at least. The only downside of the trip being Gabriel randomly kicking the back of his seat. Compared though to the cold, stoic archangel that had returned from Heaven, Sam would take the petulant child-like Trickster instead.
“Dean?”
to stop this now… Might as well give up and kiss all this goodbye because it will be gone soon enough.”
"She isn't."
She shook her head. She tried to move but she was held in place firmly by an invisible force. “No. Lucifer will rise. I will be the one to do it.”
***888***888***
“Raspberries.” Gabriel looked at his terrier, Max. The small dog cocked his head, judging his owner. “Don’t look at me like. You don’t know what my family’s like. I can’t get involved.”
Pale blue eyes widened, blood shot from booze and lack of sleep, as Chuck saw who was standing on his front porch. His robe hung open over his dirty tank and boxers. “C-can I help you?”
So far so good.
"We were bonding," Bertie laughed.
When Dean had to watch as the reaper April plunged the angel blade into Castiel’s chest.
She stood.
Dean surprised him by saying, "You're saying you time traveled?"
“Myth or not, the man abandoned Dad, don’t forget.” Dean crossed his arms.
Groaning, Dean reached for his phone, slapping his hand against the nightstand. He frowned when he didn’t find it in its usual spot. The buzzing stopped then beeped alerting him to a new voicemail. He rolled to his side before sitting up. Man, he was dizzy, feeling completely out of it. Hungover in body and spirit. More than when he had to use angel mojo express. Speaking of…? When did he make it back to his room? He recalled coming back to the bunker after the hunts with Sam and Bertie, and then Gabriel showing up and then…
“Eeww! I don’t want to see that!” Bertie shot back, clutching her eyes. “Dammit Gabriel! That’s my parents! You could have warned me. Now I need brain bleach!”
“Now, Castiel. I get the feeling that you know more about this situation than you’re letting on. And Michael wants answers. By any means necessary.” Zachariah gave a yank on Castiel’s hair, hard enough for even the seraph to cry out in pain.
. It was most definitely a chick flick under anyone’s definition. But it was directed by the guy who did
Gabriel frowned. He didn’t think he was that much of a ‘trickster’ in his doggy form to warrant the name. Honestly, who knew what went on in that hunter’s head?
“Fuck you,” he ground out through clenched teeth. Silently he sent out a prayer. Even though Castiel thought he was just the Boy With Demon Blood, Sam hoped he would come.
“Right.” Dean couldn’t stop his disappointment from coloring his voice. He shouldn’t feel so let down. It wasn’t as though they were going to jump into anything because their daughter from the future had time warped into their lives. “Of course.”
Bertie shot a determined look at Gabriel. “You can stay here like a coward if you want. Right now I’m going to go help my family. Help Sam.”
"Killing Ruby." Dean's brow raised at Bertie's bluntness. "That bitch is great at hiding when she needs to, but she needs to die."
“Max! I’ve been here for hours!” Gabriel snapped his fingers and before Sam could blink, a small terrier appeared in the archangel’s arms. On the floor beside him was a pile of chew toys, stacks of dog food both canned and bagged, and an extremely large, opulent and god-awful purple dog bed. The terrier wiggled and whined in Gabriel’s hold. Allowing the mutt to lick his face, Gabriel chuckled. “I know. I know. I forgot you, yes I did. But I had to rescue that moose there.”
“Lucifer has a child?” Castiel said shocked.
Cupid # x2π75L still couldn’t believe his luck! Not only had he been caught messing up again, but he had been caught by an archangel. Not just any archangel, oh no. One who had died.
She caught him looking, and knew that she would have to tell him something. Sending back her answer,
Bertie took a deep breath. She hoped this would work. Having them both on Team Free Will would be a great benefit. She gestured for them to sit, this would take a while getting it all out. “I got some things to tell you.”
Bertie glanced around her room. This was the last time she would be here. She knew it, could feel it in her bones, in her grace. The upcoming fight with Michael… it wouldn’t end well. She didn’t have to have future knowledge to know that. She could only hope that some future version of her would still come to be, would find home and love within these walls.
"For now, you can call me Bertie." Now that she had gotten a better look at the two of them, she knew. The older man was Bobby Singer, a man she had only seen in old photographs.
” Dean whimpered, held firm in the angel’s grip. His gaze shot to the other man’s lips. Castiel’s tongue snuck out to wet the chapped skin. Dean swallowed. Before he could stop himself, he leaned forward and captured the angels lips with his own.
“As you wish, Dean.”
That gave Dean pause. Behind him Sam snorted and let out a relieved groan as he sagged into a chair at the war table. “She’s right. Pretty sure that whole archangel mojo she’s got to dig up graves in just a snap beats us digging in the rain for two hours. I will take muscle pain like this any day of the week just knowing we got those done that fast.”
Here Bobby interrupted. "Jody? As in Deputy Jody Mills?"
“Honestly, I didn’t really have a plan. Was kinda just flying by the seat of my underpants.”
"Of course, Uncle Sammy taught me how to hack into computers. My parents taught me different forms of fighting. My grandmother too."
“Oh really? If that’s the case, then how is it we were able to stop it?” Dean laughed, pointing his gun at the blond douchebag. “We shouldn’t have been able to if it was truly meant to happen. Maybe you read that fate book wrong, maybe you’re just an idiot. I don’t know. What I do know is, you’re gonna let my friend there go or I’m gonna gut shot ya. Capisce?”
The cherub shrunk in on himself. He started shaking. "No. This hasn't happened before."
"Is this true?" he asked. She met his eyes as she sent him images of life in her time. He was knocked by the utter brutality, the fragility of it. Image after image, people he didn't know but could feel the connection she had to them, all dead. A young man with fire in his eyes protecting her and Dean and Sam. Protecting them all until the moment he couldn't. Sam dead on the ground, blood pouring out of a fatal wound. And then...
Zeke was finally gone from Sammy, and Dean had Cas back. And for the moment, everything was going decently. Deciding to take advantage of their brief respite, Dean asked Cas if he would like to watch a movie. Cas agreed and Dean loaded up
For the first time in eons –quickly turning into a bad habit since Bertie arrived- the Archangel Gabriel used his grace to heal one of the Chosen One’s.
***8***8***
There had been a small part of her that wished she could have been able to stick around longer, to help her family turn the tide further. She should have guessed that the universe would want to correct the mistake of having her there. Perhaps there was a way to still help even when she was gone?
entered the kitchen. “Where’s Dad and Father?”
Tossing the empty bottle, he nearly hit Castiel as the angel appeared in front of him. He studied the trench-coated angel. “She telling the truth, Cas? Michael going to try to wear me to the Angel Ball?”
Dean chuckled. "Oh, I'm still wigged out, but no worse than finding out that angels were real. What do you need help with?"
“The lady asked you a question. What do you want with us?” Sam gripped the demon blade tighter. He was more than prepared to use it.
**8**8**8**8**
Another angel appeared, grace blinding as he joined them. He clapped a hand on Uriel’s shoulder. Castiel’s own stance turned rigid as Zachariah spoke with an ounce of amusement. “Oh, don’t pay any attention to Uriel here, Castiel. Not every angel can be so… What’s the word?
"Ain't no such thing as time travel kid." Scoffing, Bobby took a long pull of his beer. Condensation ran down the side of the amber bottle.
The woman gave him a knowing look.
are.”
“It’s Bertie,” Dean growled out, correcting the shorter man. The Trickster could insult him and be rude to him all he wanted, but he
It was Castiel's strong voice that gave them pause.
******
The hunter ignored him.
“He did, Dad. You didn’t know it at the time though. But you knew you couldn’t fight Lucifer. Not alone, not even with Castiel at your side. Michael came knocking and offered you a suggestion.”
He shouldn’t have left Bobby’s.
"Any specific reason? I mean, other than her being a backstabbing demon." Dean was curious. Sure he wanted her dead as well, but the fiery certainty behind Bertie's eyes told him there was more to this than he knew about.
Bertie sighed. “Long story short…” She went on to explain as quickly as possible the entire situation. From everything she had been told of Gabriel, she was surprised that he was able to keep quiet the entire time.
Bertie knocked on the blood red door, asking for a shave and a haircut. From the other side the man yelled out, “Two bits!” She smiled.
"This is for your own good," her voice was soft as she spoke. Before Sam could even blink Bertie's hand was on his forehead, bringing him to his knees with her power. Somewhere he could hear his brother yelling. He didn't know until later that he and Bobby had been held back, unable to stop Bertie. The pain was intense, a cauterizing of his entire being, his soul. Someone was screaming, he knew it couldn't just be him. What lasted an eternity of only five seconds Bertie released her grip, and Sam fell to the floor unconscious.
***8***8***
Castiel shrugged off the blankets, and stood from the bed. "If Dean is in trouble, perhaps we should go help him."
Here Gabriel and Castiel made shocked noises. Bertie continued as though they hadn’t. “Then Auntie Amara came visiting.” Again Gabriel started to speak, but she resumed. “Dad killed Death. Um, Gramp's and Lucifer made peace for a bit when they had to deal with Amara. She’s actually pretty cool once she stopped eating souls. Lucifer got someone pregnant.”
Sam’s stomach cramped from holding in his laughter by this point. He reached new levels of pain when he heard his brother’s answer.
? Seriously? Oh that would have to go.
Especially because of the chick-flick moments.
“You’re Mikey’s vessel, Dean-o. Just like Sam here is Luci’s.” Gabriel stated woodenly. There was no emotion, he couldn’t spare any at the moment, still absorbing what Bertie was saying to him, to them. “They will wear you to the prom apocalypse and bring on the end of the world.”
“I know he’s not an actual moose. But he did need help.” Gabriel sighed as his pup whined some more. He looked up, surprised when Sam started to scratch Max behind the ears. His tail wagged happily.
Bobby rolled his eyes.
Also I was on a roll writing this last night and have half the next chapter already written!!!
“We wouldn’t have called you otherwise, jackass.” Dean hated this. It was worse than getting his teeth pulled by that pagan anti-Klaus couple.
Michael narrowed his eyes. He hissed out angrily, “The apocalypse is
Somehow deep down he knew this had something to do with that strange woman. She had appeared a month ago, saved them from being killed by ghouls of all things and disappeared. But not before telling them cryptically that she saved them because they were family. Weird shit had been happening ever since, a strange disappearance in town here, a flash of red eyes there. Maybe it was just all in his imagination or maybe he was just noticing more now since that first brush with the supernatural.
“What do you
“Yuck! I don’t want to see that,” he complained.
And wasn’t that just special?
Coop materialized beside him. The cupid sighed happily at seeing the soulmates resting. Gabriel shot him a look, shrugging.
Sam spoke up. “Are you Chuck Shurley?”
only one reason…
When Cas had first started using the phrase with him, Dean had barely noticed. Sure he knew the words, but not everyone would use them the way the Dread Pirate Wesley would. So he brushed it off. Again, at first.
And both snoring to the rafters.
Bobby wasn't sure what to make of the newcomer. There was something eerily familiar with her mannerisms, like he had met her before at some point. Her comment about Hell put him on edge. There was no way some stranger should know about what Dean had gone through. Bobby hadn't asked him about it, there were some things you just knew not to talk about. Hell was definitely one of them.
Good news is I have some of the next chapter started as well.
“We’ll see about that.” Michael snapped his fingers, and a loud
Dean's eyes grew wide and his mouth dropped open incredulously. She snorted at his reaction.
Sam froze at her approach. Somehow she knew. He didn't know how but she did. His fists clenched at his side as she stepped right up into his face.
Bertie held up her hands, and sighed. "I just need to know the date. That's all."
One day earlier…
Dean, for example, was emotionally constipated, preferring to love 'em and leave 'em. Though the Cupid knew everything that Dean had had to sacrifice in his life and everything he had to do to raise and protect his younger brother over the years. The Cupid wasn't all that surprised on how he had turned out in all honesty.
*****
The chair across the table scraped against the tile of Bobby's kitchen. Bertie sat down, wary and weary.
“Alright buddy, hold on.” Sam turned off the shower. He watched, amused as the corgi ran over to the door, scratching to be let out of the room. Wrapping a towel around him lower half, he went to open the door. The pup had been pretty well behaved so far, so Sam wasn’t expecting him to wander off.
The room grew silent as that realization sunk in. Bertie looked between the three men, wide eyed. She didn’t want to tell them. She couldn’t. She shook her head. “No. No way. I can’t… I won’t relive it. You just have to trust me.”
“You named me Roberta Charlotte. You named me after your father, Bobby,” she nodded to Bobby, sitting behind his desk, flushed with embarrassment. “And after your sister. Well adopted sister. I never met her. Charlie Bradbury.”
They arrived infront of the cabin that they had met Jack in. What welcomed them was the unmoving and dull, glazed eyes of Castiel and his charred wings scorched into the ground. Dean and Sam stood a ways away, with Mary and Lucifer stuck in a confronatation.
But probably not long
"I woke up and I was in The Empty. The last thing I remembered was-" The last thing he remembered was telling Dean that he loved him. And then Dean just staring at him, not saying anything, and then him saying "Don't do this Cas" and then Cas pushing him against the wall, leaving the bloody handprint and then... But he told Dean he loved him. That was his true happiness. But he couldn't say that to Sam. Not yet.
Why does everyone hate him
Fuck.
Or they beat him
The facts hit Castiel like a brick. He was the one who had caused Dean to run away and be captured and tortured by monsters. It was his fault. And all because he wanted to go out in a way that would be remembered.
Both of them were astonished at the sight that beheld them.
Definitely lots of angsty Dean here but comfort shall come eventually first we gotta get the angst out of the way
"Yes, of course I can Jack."
He lustily licked his lips and rubbed his meat between Castiel's ass, teasing the opening. He felt satisfied as Castiel twitched and shuddered in pleasure, but unable to say anything due to the cock lodged in his mouth.
I'm not in your head. I am your head. I am everything you think and I am everything you're too cowardly to act upon. I'm everything that is true. I am your thoughts and regrets. You don't understand Dean. I can't stop because I am you. You've just buried me away for too long. And now look where you are. You're weak. You're too weak to keep everyone close to you. So they leave you or they just up and die, or even worse, you leave them. Think of all the hearts you've broken, Dean. You can't stop it. It's been like this all your life.
He licked his chapped lips and the words flowed out like a cool stream.
And now, they were paying the price.
Dean Winchester hates himself
Half an hour. No Cas.
The guilt filled Sam's mind. Sure, he knew that he could not have stopped Dean no matter how hard he tried. But he should have done something more. If he had just asked or pestered or done
But this one. This soul. This poor and ruptured soul was so, so beautiful. So beautiful that Castiel not only stared at it, but he found himself wanting to hold it. He wanted to cradle it in one of his many wings and watch it shine so brilliantly with the eyes that covered his angelic form. It bewitched him. A simple human soul held that much power over an angel of the Lord.
Dean headed back towards the motel and silently sat on the bed. He set his head in his hands and his back rose and fell shakily as he struggled to fight back tears. After he regained his composure, he blinked and lifted his head.
Sam's mouth was left agape. He covered it with his hand and then his other hand came up and he found he was crying. Tears leaked down his face and he sobbed as he realized what he had done that night. He had left Dean alone with dad. And dad had beaten Dean for no reason. Dean had tried to defend Sam, tell him that it wasn't Sam's fault that he wanted to leave, but John hadn't listened. All he heard was his own rage towards life and made Dean his personal punching bag.
A quick twinge of pain hit him as he remembered that Dean wasn't here with them. He missed the man dearly even though it had been barely a day since he had possessed his body. Every second was excruciating. It seemed that everytime he and Dean would reunite, they would be brutally ripped apart immediately after.
As expected, The Shadow tried to make him go back to sleep and beat him into submission as it had tried long ago, but Castiel relented. He wouldn't fall for any of The Shadows's tricks or deceivings, and even when The Shadow tried to hold their deal over Castiel's head, he simply stuck out his tongue and stayed awake.
After that, one thing led to another. A silent unanimous agreement was made between Man #1 and Man #2 that they had to get this twinky beauty between the two of them. And so while Castiel was basically ripping off his undergarments, Man #1 flung the angel onto the bed and started eating out the most delicious asshole he had ever tasted in his life.
Jack also voiced his agreement with Sam and they proceeded to stare hard daggers at the befuddled angel.
He could do this. He did it with Michael so he could do it with some shitty memories.
Because he fucks up of course
When Sam, Castiel, and Jack found the Impala, they found that it'd been destroyed beyond recognition. Claws, bite marks, and just about anything you can imagine a monster doing had happened. Sam stifled a sob as he ran towards it.
*****
“What? What is it?” Sam jumped at the unexpected energy burst from the smaller man.
Bertie grinned. She patted her uncle’s shoulder, healing all of the injury’s he has sustained that day. Sam smiled in thanks. After healing her Dad -Dean still remained grumpy- she asked, “Who’s hungry?”
"Cupid # x2pi75L," he stated proudly. He couldn't believe it. The Archangel Gabriel was back from the dead, and he was talking to him!
"Killing her... her death is the final seal. We need to banish her before it gets to that point." She wiped off her mouth with the back of her sleeve. Bertie stretched and pushed back from Bobby's table. "So you in?"
She stood straighter, adjusting her shoulders to deliver the news. She really didn't like being called kid, especially since she was pretty sure that she was the same age as her Dad at the moment. "I came to save my family. I came to save the universe."
Raising his hand, he took a breath and snapped his fingers.
“You stood by and watched them do this to our brother.” Gabriel had no time for niceties. His voice cold, ancient and filled with a power he hadn’t tapped into in over two thousand years. The angel on the floor shook, her wings tucking back in fear. “You will tell me exactly how long this has been allowed. You will tell me why my brothers have allowed it.”
that you want to get out of bed, Cas,"
"What?"
Also I may have started this chapter several different times. Then I looked over every version this week and realized they could be Frankenstein'd together. TBF I mainly wanted to put in corgi!Gabe.
"Who the hell are you?" he demanded.
Dean didn’t know if he could take it much more. He would have to tell the angel to stop using that damn phrase. He obviously had no idea of the meaning behind those three little words. Why would he? Castiel had no reference to pop culture. They were just three words to him.
Sam yanked the candy from his mouth, but didn’t bother removing Gabriel’s wandering hand. “Oh yeah? What could possibly be her idea then?”
Dean finally broke himself away from his daze. He glared at his brother. “Sam! Is that a dog? What’s the rule? What’s the rule about dogs Sammy?”
Sam threw him a bitch-face, and shook his head. He couldn’t deal with his older brother sometimes. “Dean, seriously? Just give it a chance.”
“They could get hurt.”
play if Cas had bothered to get back to him the past couple of days. The angel hadn’t been answering phone calls or prayers. Dean hated to admit it, but he was worried about the blue eyed angel.
She easily held the silver flask, uncapped it, and chugged the holy liquid.
He started to leave the room, deciding to eat out in the library, when his brother called out softly. “Sammy.. I.. I can’t.”
“On a scale of one to ten, you’re a nine but I’m the one you need.”
! Those two have been written in the stars since Dad created them! Won’t take much to get those two idiots together.”
The older man, scruffy and wearing a beat-up and well used baseball cap kept his shotgun trained on her. He narrowed his eyes at her choice of curse. The other man, much younger than the first backed up just far enough so she could shift on the ground into a sitting position.
“Dean.” The angel clasped a hand over his left shoulder, over his mark. “Do you… Is that something you want? With me? That bond?”
She snapped up food.
Dean finds out who Bertie's other parent is...
“Cas, I -.”
Gabriel allowed her to talk, using his powers to make sure they weren’t disturbed. Once she was finished, he snapped his fingers making all three bodies vanish. No stains of burnt wings tarnished the pristine floor. With a quick tap to her head, he erased her memory and disappeared in a blink.
Before she could find that particular ally, there was someone important she needed to save.
The aura surrounding the woman gave Michael pause. She wasn’t any normal angel. That was
The archangel whined, smacking his face. Utter silence filled the room for a moment before Bertie snorted with a suppressed giggle. “Sorry. Kind of.”
The night had been hell. Dean took a sip from his beer, staring out at the stacks of cars in Bobby’s lot. The full moon and cloudless night made it easy for him to see everything. But all he could see at the moment was his daughter crying. She had been through hell, and he could relate.
Bertie stumbled back. That had taken more out of her than she was expecting. Dean shoved her out of the way to reach Sam.
Turning back, Sam sighed. “No, Dean, you won’t. It’s a choice, and right now you’ve chosen to be miserable. With our job, our entire
It's been a year since I updated this??? Ooops.
Slightly expositional chapter, but necessary. Spoilers if you haven't watched season 13. Bertie is from a different timeline, but I'm blatantly using things that happened this past season. Beware of feels...
Long after Sam had gone to bed for the night, Gabriel slipped away, invisible, to check on the other occupants of the bunker. He found them alright. In Dean’s bed.
“Look, I can barely help myself so whatever you’re selling I’m really not interested.” Chuck interrupted tiredly, and closed the door on them.
so it couldn’t be all bad. Twenty years later it was still secretly Dean’s favorite movie.
She paused not really knowing where to start. How far back should she begin her tale? Finally she decided. “I’m not going to go through the past forty some years. Let’s just say that the highlights include demon deals, Dad becoming a demon when he took on the Mark of Cain…”
Tossing a couple bills down on the counter, he paid for their next round and closed out his own tab. Nodding his thanks once more, he left ignoring the interested looks from many of the female (and male) patrons.
They all watched as Dean overturned chairs and attacked the table. Food splattered on the walls and floor, sauce making horrific patterns they chose not to comment about. Even Gabriel was quiet during the scene. Eventually Dean fell to his knees, no sound. Just the look of utter loss and confusion.
They smiled fleetingly at each other.
? Overall, it sucks. Maybe it’s time to grab on to what little bit of joy we can. And for you? Dude, that’s Cas. I want you to be happy Dean. Why don’t you want that for yourself?”
Dean died a thousand death’s in that one moment.
And another quote lingered in his mind.
Saving her family.
Also have decided to pull some more of season 13 into this. So I guess ?Spoilers? maybe? It's a time travel fix-it after all.
“No need to get snippy. Nice to know that I’m still part of the ‘last resort’ group. But we learn and move on. Let me see what I can find.” Before any of them could add anything, Gabriel snapped his fingers and was gone.
Thank Chuck for google searches on bad pick up lines.
Castiel turned him sharply to face him. Angrily, he growled out. “Do not belittle yourself in front of me Dean Winchester. You are the Righteous Man. You were created by my Father to bring about change on Earth. I am but a mere Seraph. If anything, I’m not worthy of you.”
Next she had plans of getting her allies in place. Though most of
...And that's enough teasers for you.
Sam looked around. The sound came again, followed by a rustling in some bushes up ahead. Mentally kicking himself for not bringing any weapons, Sam moved towards it. Just because he was home didn’t mean he should drop his guard. Dean would kick his ass is he found out about this. Pushing some of the branches aside he blinked at what he found.
It didn't help that this was his last chance to get back into his boss' good graces.
<3<3<3
Bertie went to the closet. She could still hearing the pair inside crying. At least the woman had stopped screaming. That had been annoying. Shoving aside the heavy wooden dresser she had set in front of the door, she barely broke a sweat.
Putting his feelers out, Gabriel’s grace pulled him to Castiel’s location. He frowned when he sensed the area. Well that hadn’t been there before. Gabriel was concerned that this was allowed.
Taking the moment, Dean grinned at his brother. “Do you often get groped by the Lollipop guild?”
Dean sipped at the golden liquid, choosing his next words carefully. There was so much that he should be focusing on at the moment, but for the past few days he kept circling back to one fact. He and Cas were together in the future. Sure he had been with men before, most times because he had to. He never told Sam how he had been able to afford to feed him during those times when Dad was gone longer than he planned. He never told Sam how he had sold his body to truckers to keep food on the table.
But only with Dean.
“Doesn’t this mess up your timeline though? Are you going to start to fade away now that he’s dead?” Sam asked.
Blood dripped down his chin, nose broken, teeth cracked from what they had already done to him. Sam wheezed. He was sure some of his ribs were already broken. That didn’t stop Stunt Demon 2 and 3 from preceding onto breaking his fingers and legs.
Speaking of pets, Trickster currently sat at his feet watching him curiously. That mutt’s stare irked him to no end. If Dean didn’t know better he would have thought that the dog understood him, was studying him. He needed to somehow get Trickster away from Sammy long enough to run the gambit of tests. Maybe then he wouldn’t feel this weird around the ‘dog’. For now though, Dean tossed down a piece of the roast beef for him. Trickster glanced between the meat and the man, unimpressed by the offering. He huffed, then moved over to Sam at the table. The giant Winchester took the hint and lifted him onto his lap.
Dean sighed knowing he wasn’t going to be getting anywhere soon. Not without these two worrywarts wasting his time. Digging his phone out of his back pocket, he pressed play on the voicemail app.
What is this???? Two chapters posted in one day???  Here... Now have some fluff...
Bertie leaned against the wall by the door, supporting herself as she caught her breath. "I healed him. You're welcome."
Dean blinked. Sarcasm oozed out of his pours. "Of course. Just save the universe. That seems simple enough. It's not like we don't already have enough to deal with trying to stop the apocalypse or anything."
He pressed play, settling the phone against his ear. Dean almost dropped the phone at what he heard.
“If I can’t get Cas to respond, he sure as hell ain’t gonna come when Sam prays to him.” Dean said snidely.
"From the sound of it when he called, he's probably getting into all kinds of hell down at the bar." Sam spoke without thinking. When Dean had called it had sounded like he had been getting a little too friendly with some biker's girlfriend. Sam wasn't too concerned though, Dean had taken on worse for years.
The sound of flapping wings resounded before a deep voice answered. "From the demon blood."
“I think eating might have to wait.”
“Are you positive this is where we need to be? Who are we here to see anyway? You never really did say.” Sam looked up at the ramshackle house with trepidation then back to his niece. Other than initially saying they needed to go find God – and didn’t
“I wasn’t talking about Gramps. You know, God. I was talking about Father, my father. Castiel. He needs to hear this too.” Closing her eyes, she sent out a prayer, bypassing angel radio, for Castiel to come to Bobby’s.
"Do you think he's around here?" Sam finally asked. "Jack, could you please use just a little bit more power. Just a little. I know that's a lot to ask, but we need you. Just see if he's around here." Jack nods his head and does the same thing he did with the Impala, but this time he envisions Dean. It's harder to imagine Dean because he changes all the time, but if Jack could get a faint glimpse of Dean's soul, just a glimmer...
Immediately, his throat loosened and he could manage to pull in giant gasps of air. He sat up and started panting hard.
"Feel like a million bucks, Eddie Money."
No no no no no Cas can't be dead. It's Cas. Cas never dies permanently. He'll be back. He'll walk from that wall and he'll be fine. It's Cas for God's sakes. He won't die. He absolutely won't.
No. It was too late. The past had already been written. All he could do now is focus on the future and hope for Dean's healing to turn out good. That was the only thing he could do. Have faith in Castiel and Jack.
He just about climaxed then and there, but somehow the guy sensed this and clamped down hard with his mouth, delaying his ejaculation. He grit his teeth and began thrusting into the Castiel's sexy mouth.
Dad took that very seriously.
Jack finally called out to Sam and Cas. They came out of abandoned homes and raced towards Jack, who was standing in front of a cellar to another abandoned and rotted house. Sam had a shotgun, silver bullets and a pistol, silver knives, holy water, salt, and just about anything he could fit on himself. Cas and Jack were fine as they were, but they were still cautious in opening the cellar. Jack seamlessly yanked the lock off and the putrid smell of blood filled all of their nostrils.
Castiel tried to say something, to protest, to fight back, but Dean just kept kissing and breathing on him. The urge to kiss back was stifling, but he relented and kept trying to push Dean off. Unfortunately, for some unknown reason, his body seemed sapped of strength.
"I'm so lonely."
"Whoa Cas, chill bud. I'm just giving you a hard time." He sighed deeply. "I guess that if you really want to go, then you can. But please take care of yourself and Dean. The last thing we need is the two of you somehow injured."
Jack's mouth formed a line and he left the room. As his shoes echoed in the hallway, Sam gulped and started nervously fiddling with his fingers. He had no idea what to say at that point.
Still nothing.
No longer was Dean a terrified shell of a person. No.
"And here you see an angel and a human finally confessing their love to each other after literal years of me third wheeling. It's about time!"
"I'll be fine Sam. Go find your brother."
"Thanks bud. I have no idea why you're giving me the silent treatment, but just know that I'm not mad at you at all. I'm sure you think that somehow I'm incredibly pissed, which to be honest, is normal for me. But I'm not. So you can keep being mad and silent all you want, but you don't have to be because I'm not mad."
