Removing that same waterlogged overcoat could be compared to peeling away a layer of skin that was glued onto you. I suppose the process was considerably less painful, but equally as annoying and time-consuming, such that I couldn’t even be bothered to place a towel under my coat rack to sop up the water dripping onto the tile floor below. It was a mess I would deal with in the morning, I decided, and one that I would inevitably slip on in the process.
“Don’t,” I heard, from another source. It took me a moment to identify it as my father. And, disregarding Dad’s simply phrased command, Sam did it anyway.
“I bet it gets pretty annoying,” he finally concluded, but he didn’t seem very satisfied with his ending statement and dumped the remainder of the conversation’s weight onto my suddenly unable shoulders, which were still quaking much like my knees.
“N-no, it’s alright, I can handle it,” I replied, keeping my tone as level as possible, though judging by the way her eyes met mine, lit up with mischief and amusement at my expense, she was perfectly aware of the mental strain she was forcing onto my already weakened shoulders, since I was presently carrying Dean’s load. “I wouldn’t want to put Kevin on the spot, of course.”
I would've scrambled downward at a breakneck pace to retrieve them, blurted out a rather incomprehensible apology to my boss for my clumsiness, only to watch him chuckle, roll his own eyes and leave, but there was another presence nearby, and their line of vision was burning its way into the back of my head. So as I found myself crouching down to pick up the pieces of my failed mission that lay sprawled out on the hardwood, I turned my neck just under ninety degrees to sneak the faintest of glances at the new-coming, alcohol-consuming extraordinaire in the few half seconds that I had to do so, and I was met with what I wasn't sure was a triumph or something to be hopelessly alarmed at:
“Talked to that Cas guy, too. Weird fella,” he answered, itching the front of his head underneath the bill of his hat, along his hairline. “Seemed mighty excited to know I knew who you were.”
“I’m not crazy right? It shouldn’t be this way...it never should’ve been this way in the first place.”
“Oh, hey Castiel, didn’t see you there…” He grumbled, obviously annoyed at what he assumed was a rude entrance on my part.
Dad was throwing daggers through his gaze, grinding his together like he was chomping on metal, and it took the last slivers of self-control that I had to not clamp my own mouth shut and just sit back down, wishing to hell and back that everyone would forget what I’d said, but I didn’t, because all I could think about was my failed career in cosmetology and Sam’s arms around my middle and how badly I wanted it all back again. My dad needed to know that.
“Dean, what the hell? This isn’t your fault! It’s not your ‘job’ to make sure I don’t leave or that-”
I do feel like Cas is the type of person to get hopelessly absorbed in other people, and not in the creepy way, but in the "I need to learn how to fit in better and improve my social skills, so I'm going to watch people until I can act like them exactly." Yes? No? Oh well.
Dean’s eyes widened as he bobbed his head “yes,” indicating that I was in the right to make such a remark and that he agreed, strongly.
I’ll never forget the look in Dean’s eyes after that statement had been thrown into the space between us, let loose to grow and expand and change its surroundings in any way it deemed necessary. Shock or surprise wouldn’t be the correct term, and try as I might to search my brain for the proper phrasing, I could lay in thought all day and still not find the best way to describe it. But, I like to think that my suggestion to him, my offering of an unbiased ear, meant something to him.
“Well, apart from the purple under your eyes and your zombie-like movements...yeah, it’s still pretty obvious,” Charlie said, chuckling quietly to herself, but the humor soon dissolved once she made her way over to me and leaned against the part of the bar that I hadn’t got to cleaning yet, forcing me to stop. I was trying not to become irate, just wanting to continue my work without any interruption, because more interruptions meant lesser energy and lesser chances of me making it through the day in one, conscious piece.
The grind of his stubble increased from soft to rough as the amount of pressure put in the lack of space between our lips grew until Cas himself uttered an exhale of breath so uncharacteristically dirty that my damn hips bucked. This surely wasn’t good; this was not the best of ways to make a day productive, but not a single ounce of me planned on protesting. And as the ridges of his lips rubbed up and down against my own, tongue entering and exiting my agape mouth as it pleased, I thought perhaps work could wait. Like I said, Bobby wouldn’t notice whatever state of neatness I arrived in, and he surely wouldn’t be bothered if I showed up a little late then, correct? All I had to make sure of was that he couldn’t see the pinkened skin Cas was beginning to suck on, furiously, like he was the one on a time limit, and damn did my hips fucking roll-
That’s what Dad would’ve told Sam fifteen years ago, and might’ve been planning on saying then, judging by the crease in his brow.
It was like looking back into the past and seeing Dean Winchester enter my place of work for the very first time, the exact same way he had days upon days ago, every detail correct down to the very slouch of his shoulders and the noise of his feet creaking into the floorboards and to his lack of eye contact with any other soul in his remote proximity. I had to remind myself that I knew a great deal about the form making its slow yet sure and firm way towards me, that I could predict the very way in which he would take his seat and sip his drink, and that I had no reason to be afraid of interacting with him. I knew how. I knew how to handle him.
“I don’t need to hear them. I…I just know.” Cas sighs. “I’m relieved to have you alive, Dean. You can just leave it at that.”
“You’re just supposed to know, I guess. The feeling is supposed to just hit you, and you just know.”
How in the world had he done that? How could he have known that, after hardly paying me any mind the past three times we’d interacted? His revelation sent more chills up and down my arms and, damn, did Dean Winchester notice and did he grin. It was a grin that could light up the moonlight-drowning pub and make it look like it was ten in the morning when the sun was free of clouds and its ray were the strongest. He grinned at me like he was as all-knowing as the sun, like he had nothing to lose, but knew he’d gained a key piece of information about me.
The rest of the evening played out in a similar manner. I received a text from Charlie, asking if Kevin had let me know about her absence and that he’d been the one to inform me because I only ever checked my phone around seven o’ clock. I replied with a “yes i am aware,” but felt a little agitated about my newly found predictability. The cause of such agitation, however, quickly switched sources when I slid my finger across the “read” button to see what her reply would be.
“And basically his ultimatum was ‘I’ll come and visit if Dad agrees to hop off my ass, and if not then I won’t be seeing you guys for awhile.’ You can probably guess what the outcome was.”
“I can’t take it back, Dean, if that’s what you’re suggesting,” Cas drops into the fray, as seismic and affronting as ever. “But I hold you to no obligation. I…I needed to say it. And I meant it.”
“Nah, it’s all good. I’ve unloaded enough onto you to last another two fuckin’ years…” Dean chortled wryly, and this time I didn’t hesitate to reprimand him.
“I’m just saying that you’re showing a lot of interest in this Dean guy, which, again, is understandable, and that maybe it couldn’t hurt to keep at it? You know, get to know him from his family all the way down to whether his right or left handed, his favorite color...the good stuff.”
Dean stopped himself suddenly, perhaps realizing that a look of total, utter love had painted itself across his face, and I may have found the expression humorous had I not been so distracted in my internal yet largely important victory: I’d guessed that Dean Winchester was an avid lover of cars several days ago, and now it was a proven fact. I was getting better. I was getting closer.
Several instinctive answers battled to reach the surface, fought for domination and victory. The first was the defense: Dean was nothing more than a regular of mine, a face I could recognize and a story I could retell, much like the hundreds of other passerbyes I got the chance to meet, and there was nothing special about him and our abnormal sort of connection. The second was complete denial, the kind of dismissal that drove Charlie up walls and merely egged her on to pry deeper and deeper, until she reached whatever well of information she needed and danced in the leaking waters. For her sake, that would’ve been the first one I hid and drew back into the swell, but the third instinct proved to be the most problematic:
Dean faltered upon hearing my reply, in a way that was startlingly familiar to me, and I could’ve predicted his words whole minutes before he said them, but instead I settled on waiting, and testing the second theory I’d had that night. Hopefully this one proved to be as true as the last.
Blood villages look after landen villages bound to them. Blood villages are ruled by District Queens. District Queens serve Province Queens. The Province Queens in turn served the Territory Queen, who was chosen by the majority of the darker-Jeweled Blood. (both male and female)
"Raki'a is the formal name for the second circle of Heaven." Charis looked comfortable navigating, which was a little difficult for Dean to swallow because he was expecting double-cross at each moment, but he let her lead the way. Raki'a felt like an old human dungeon with its grey stones. There was also an underlying thrum of power that Dean could feel through his core. All the cells they passed were empty and open, except for his.
Cas sighed as he threw away all the inedible insides and left his freshly butchered goose sans arrow at the middle of the table before regarding Dean. “You’re worse than a four-year-old.”
There were spots across Castiel’s vision. He wanted to hurl something, preferably the NovaWatch, at Luke’s knowing smirk. Settling for getting his breaths even, he focused on a dark spot on the roof of the car and let his mind wander.
if Dean had anything to say about it. "We've suffered enough, Metatron, don't you think? This civil war, bickering, and killing. Brother against brother, closing Heaven, it's already changed us enough."
Whenever Jack tries, there is a sputtering flicker of brightness before it peters out into little fireflies then disappears. Castiel watches his son’s attempts a few times more before he straightens from his chair and sprawls next to him on the floor.
“And for that, you get the first piece,” Dean mutters when Castiel transfers his work to Jack, who smothers it with mozzarella he pinches off from a larger block.
Dean wrapped his arm around Manny, who watched him with hooded eyes before he leaned against him. Manny smelled of the fair, with all its fried food and a day spent under the sun, but underneath was the clean notes of those expensive Stana colognes.
That stopped Dean from his squirming. He covered his eyes with his arm before he shook his head no. “This all started after the dumb moose jogged. And it ain’t the pie, you’re perfectly fine.”
"Don't you need to win a People's Choice Awards somewhere?" Dean asked annoyed as he sheathed another blade inside his boot. "You really want me to go out and hunt you now?"
By the time that Castiel reached the Plain of Fire surrounded by the Wood of Suicides, his grace was bleeding through his otherworldly form. "Brother, the Righteous Man, do you think he is still unbroken?" one of Castiel's brothers asked him.
“You have a NovaWatch? I’ve wanted to own one for ages, but it’s just not as affordable as the Atis phones, you know? At least Atis is kinda catching up on the holo front already,” Becky gushed while she punches Castiel’s purchase. “You bought that secondhand, didn’t you? That’s why you need new codes? You could go to a Novak service center downtown. But if you want it cheap but trustworthy, Dr. Badass’ shop is down Walnut street.”
Castiel smiles with the slight upturn of his lips, while taking a sip from his beer and watching Jack and Sam fiddle with the telescope. “Of all the things that Chuck has ever created, and will create, his brushstrokes detailing the night sky has been a great wonder.”
Castiel hesitated for a moment before he tasted it. It was cinnamon with a hint of another spice that Castiel couldn’t identify. Matched with the tart apple and the crust, it explained why the judges had given this pie a blue ribbon. Dean was right, the crust might not have remained as flaky and golden from the few days out in the open, but the filling was definitely a winner.
There was no answer, but then Castiel never expected one. He himself hadn't answered prayers addressed to him immediately. His Father had encouraged answering a prayer by making use of the own human's abilities and bolstering their self-worth rather than doling out in miracles. It was enough that he believed his words would reach the Righteous Man somehow.
"Yeah, I keep busy with my car and fishing, waiting for Sammy—that's my brother," Dean said in the low, steady voice that he used to use to prevent a twitchy victim from bolting.
Castiel found him stacking his money on the marble top washstand of their lavish hotel room. He gave Dean a playful shove before he handed over bills from his bag. It was enough for the entire month’s rent and food. The gift embarrassed Dean—it was way too much—but Castiel was firm.
There was a stretch of silence, with Dean wondering if Lucifer was going to take the bait or not. Lucifer had other chances to get gullible fools, and he was practically forever. Dean only had Lucifer, that was saying something. Lucifer let out a predatory smile. "Do you still know how to get to the Cage in Raki'a—the second circle?" Lucifer waited for the nod before continuing, "I'll give you all you need once you're there. I'll even extract the blood there. I promise I won't leave anything nasty behind."
Balthazar waited for them at the entrance of the Shrine Auditorium. The outside was finished in horse-shoe arches topped with Moorish domes. Despite the plain exterior, the inside was a marvel. Even Gabriel’s attire looked somber compared to its full-length windows. Its artisans had stained it with scimitars and had them extravagantly colored.
"Eat your food, Cas. God knows Kevin burnt enough knuckles to make that," Sam prodded, which was just enough of a push to make Castiel feel guiltier at the cascading events that led to this moment.
"I am sorry for your loss," Castiel offered as he stood up, Kevin following close behind. Castiel brought out a calling card made for such cases and folded it into her hands. "If you have anything to tell us, please don't hesitate to call."
Cas clears his throat and bowing his head and motioning towards the Winchesters who have come running to see the commotion. Each of them bears a weapon and are at guard. "May I present the House of Wyncestre? The Baron, John and his wife, Mary. With his two children, Dean and Samuel."
I wanted to write more ship scenes, like a cooking scene with Cas, and maybe the Sunday fiesta day they usually take in the boat, but there wasn’t a lot of plot advancement in those, so it had to be scrapped. Imagine tho, Cas in an apron and trying to work the galley.
“Remember, he has rights to the infant until Lucian claims or disavows paternity during his Birthright Ceremony.” Raphael, always the voice of reason. “And someone needs to drain her Jewels during her pregnancy.”
In a move that Dean had only seen Gabriel do, Michael raised his fingers to snap. It effectively sent Lucifer away. "I will not be able to hold my brother long." Gone was the permissive brother; in his place was the harsh general that led the troops of Heaven. "The Caretaker of the Throne can always open the Gates of Heaven, once in his place. The Throne is in Aravoth—"
- the collective angels, complete in all hierarchies and rankings with the archistrategos at its helm.
He strips the feathers from the vane and puts them in a clear bowl with the down, which he spins and seals inside using Craft. It allowed for the down to separate and fluff, capturing the air. Castiel leaves the feathers spinning while he prepares a silky cloth sack that would contain the down.
A light caught Castiel's eye, brighter than all of the other stars—a sun in their midst. The angel flexed his wings of At and dust; his voice was distinct, but he was still part of the starlight shining in the heavens. He reached for the sun's rays—
Dean’s head shot up, and he looked at her with panic. He didn’t want to leave his mother here to take the brunt of his father’s anger once he found Dean and Sam gone.
Sometimes, he itched for a whiteboard to tack in all the pieces of their cases together, like he'd seen in the police procedurals that Dean sorely hated, but working it out between newspaper clippings, ancient texts, and books were still the mainstay. He had wanted to buy one, but buying things that weren't strictly necessary seemed like a waste when earning money by the usual hunter methods was difficult. Hunting did not a stable job make.
Even with his eyes closed, the light seeped through his eyelids, the chant ringing loudly in his ears, until there was a sudden pop, akin to the change of pressure when changing altitudes and a sudden darkness. When Castiel opened his eyes, Gabriel was standing in front of him with a wide grin, leaning against the Tree of Life.
Lady Lucian didn’t bring more than her Master of the Guard, who is acting as her coach driver and the two guards provided by her sister. Castiel escorts her on the left, and Jack holds her hand on the right. It made Dean wonder who the First Escort of Lady Lucian’s court is.
Once all the water was gone, the light from the falls intensified until it was almost blinding, bathing Dean and Ysa in white. Dean held her smiling face until he couldn't bear the sight and had to look away or be forced to go sightless for the remainder of his existence.
Ysa watched silently as he brought his cupped hands over her head and let the water trickle down softly to bathe the flowers that her grandmother had given her.
Dean's mom may have been the one who taught him how to pray, but it was Castiel whom Dean had faith in enough to pray to. "I'm kinda stuck here, man." He closed his eyes and leaned his forehead against a bookshelf. "I know it was a spell, and I know Metatron cast it, but we never got around to talking about what it was. So give me something, man, anything at all, here."
He cut food expenditures by buying whatever meal was on sale at the baker’s in the evening and portioning that evenly for the entire day. Sometimes, if he got lucky, Ellen or Lisa would send him meals, and that would be heavenly.
Dean stirs from the agony of his shoulder, sitting up abruptly, guarded. Light is filtering through the windows, signifying daybreak. He glances around, noting that he is in a single room house, with wooden planks for the floor. The cottage is spacious but bare. It can easily fit several more tables and beds in it but contains none besides the one he is now occupying. Towards the center of the cabin is a pit that extends to the earth, surrounded with stones where a fire burns. On top of the firepit hangs a black cauldron where something, preferably not children, is brewing.
Dean looks out into the street, a light dusting of snow is falling. He added on his layers to keep him warm. Even the Angelus and the Eryiens are keeping their wings tightly folded around themselves to trap the heat. “Not much traveling to do. Maybe after Winsol.”
He walked with Sam to the diner attached to the inn where Mom and Dad were staying. Dean allowed himself to be herded along, and Sam was content to brood over Dean’s choices. If any of his family members noticed he had deep circles around the eyes, they carefully ignored it.
includes: that it was your opponent feeling you up to your elbows to check if you were armed, it was a sign of goodwill and pre-dates the Romans. Sooo Dean offering a non-dominant hand? TOTALLY iffy.
Jack sighs as he kicks the snow, his boots light on top of it while Dean sinks a good one or two inches in the snowfall. Another Craft enhanced spell that is prevalent in the mountains.
John moves back-and-forth between realms. He finds good, unbroken Blood males. But when he brings them to Draca and Mary, they’re never the prophesied one.
When Castiel returned, he was with a man, presumably, Cain, dressed all in white with a beekeeper veil tucked under his arm. He was rubbing his peppered beard at something that Castiel said.
"Yeah, ha, ha." Dean really shouldn't have done it, but again, the lack of self-perseverance and the smug knowledge that Lucifer wasn't getting out of the Cage any time soon had prompted sarcasm. "Well, we're going now, the portal is closing and all that."
At least they had accomplished a transient binding of the tree. Maybe Gabriel's affinity for the Tree of Life, Vilon, and souls helped. The unexpected presence of the other angels didn't hurt either. "Can you fix the souls reaching those unborn children?"
“For what? Another job in the islands?” he asked as he stood up to gather his things. “You want me with you to settle a deal?”
Sam chuckled. “I have copies back in Stava, but we could probably get some here. It’s pretty controversial, though, very much a critique of religion.”
Once they were strapped into their seats, Dean turned to Manny. “Um, I’m a little afraid of heights. Do you mind if I hold your hand?”
This was put here cuz my alpha reader thought some people might get lost with the entire circles, hierarchy and names of Heaven, so we did what fantasy novels usually do... Add a glossary  and stripped a lot of the names when in narration, but the angels obviously would call it their proper name (Shehaqim) instead of 3rd Heaven.
There was no future for Dean and Castiel together. Michael would eventually catch up with Castiel regardless of how smart he hides, and once that happens, his brother would force him to move back to Stava. Despite everything, Castiel would always end up in NovaCorp, the only other place that Castiel could be something of value. If Michael found Castiel with Dean, they would make Dean return to a country he’d already fled. It would ruin Dean’s life, and Castiel didn’t want to be a part of that.
Gabriel lifted his fingers to touch Castiel's forehead, the soft pulse of grace warm on his skin. "Give thanks, for our Father is good, and His mercy endures forever," Gabriel whispered in sanctification.
Sam scrunched his face up at the imaginary route Dean tracked with his finger. “Why are we going through Kansas City?”
Every day, Castiel woke up, tinkered with the software and hardware, shoveled the sweets that Gabriel provided into his mouth, then collapsed in his bed to sleep and then repeat the entire process the following day.
"If I were a bad-ass angel, where would I keep my precious?" Dean muttered as he approached Michael's utilitarian desk. On it was an inkwell made of brass and a quill that glowed in the evening light. Its vane was a deep emerald-green, but fiery and curled at the edges. Dean was not going to touch that because it might actually be Michael's feather, and that was eerie enough, thank you very much. Beside the pen and parchment, there was a small bowl of pewter where Dean found a key whose wire bow held two shanks, one end shorter than the other. "Arch-dick has the key to the Dead Man's Chest, huh? Awesome."
Cas, who'd been listening to the tape more than he was paying attention to the two of them now focuses on Sam. "Is… there something wrong?"
Dean tapped the open books in front of him, all of which look like it had been read through a couple of times over and marked with pages pertaining to Metatron and Aravoth. "Yeah, well, that ritual that we came up with didn't work."
The Latin Prayer was... there are several forms of this prayer, it differs in the ordinary form of the prayer, and another done in the Tridentine Mass. I brought together the two because I wanted the form of it:
“Thanks for letting us use the Chevrolet,” Dean said as he chewed. “How should we get her back to you once we reach California?”
Further conversation was interrupted by the arrival of Nathaniel. He had found a tall male for a vessel, and his grace shone brightly out of his eyes, which was almost impossible for a human to behold. Nathaniel, it seemed, had never learned to cover the grace bleeding out of his eyes. That or he was just too proud of what he was to conceal it.
When he eventually knocked on the door to their room and a grumbling Sam opened it, Dean held up his goodies. Sam looked at them before his lips twitched to return a reluctant smile.
“We gotta meet Bobby in Sioux Falls,” Dean said, trying to spot the city. Distractedly, he clarified to Castiel, “He’s the one who set us up with the car. He’s an old friend of mom and dad’s.”
Cas chose to ignore Gabriel, while Sam chuckled and took pity on Dean. “Okay, so get this, Michaelmas is like this big holiday back in Medieval Europe, it was when they harvested stuff, hired, elected, decided if they could afford to feed animals or kill them for winter, stuff like that. Initially, it was just held in honor of Michael, hence the term.”
Thankfully, Lady Lucian doesn’t seem to want or need Dean’s response, she flicks her wrist in dismissal, her wings mirroring her hands. “Go find us refreshments.”
"Regardless… I feel like I may have been lying to everyone around me for all this time." Cas nodded toward the park bench that Dean had occupied in this particular scene. It seemed like Cas was through with confessions because, in the next breath, he changed the subject completely, "This is one of my favorite memories." And Dean was absurdly grateful for that because he could dredge no answer that would be enough to answer Cas' uncertainty.
Then Michael addressed Dean without looking at him, "Aravoth is the seventh circle. Lucifer and I are in the second. You are in the third." It made for very complicated logistics and completely boggled the mind if anything made sense in Heaven. "To reach Aravoth, you must go to the Tree of Life. But to enter Aravoth, you must bear my seal, which is located in the fourth—Zebhul. Now, I think you have overstayed your welcome, Dean Winchester."
Dean swivels his attention to Becky, who was nodding enthusiastically a big smile plastered across her face. “Yes, Mr. Novak did intend to give them to you.”
Dean's eyebrows rose in question as he looked at Ash. That wasn't the usual response when he visited. It was Heaven; there wasn't anyone who meant you
That isn’t what Castiel was expecting. Castiel feels disoriented and displaced. It’s as if they were in two different conversations.
Only after he interrogated Sam and went through the Impala for another round did Dean remember the fate of the mixtape. The next time they had quiet time in between cases Dean re-recorded everything, from
"I'd thank you kindly if you don't ruin my good work on your body by killing yourself attempting the climb. Suit yourself, though. I'll agonize over the amount of medicine I wasted on you."
Mary shrugged. “I’ll be fine, Dean. Don’t worry about me. My place is here. Now go tell your brother to pack.” She turned back to her vanity and felt around the bottom. She returned to him with a folded stack of twenty-tinsel bills, enough to buy food and accommodation for a few days with some leftover for contingencies. “Here.” She deposited the pile into his hand.
Bobby took the syringe and eyed it dubiously. "You sure about that? Your grace might be the glue keeping you together." Bobby motioned towards Castiel.
make this road trip with the least amount of trouble for Dean and Sam. It didn’t hurt that he was easy on the eyes, either.
“I doubt you’ve had a good meal on the road. Come eat,” Bobby demanded, setting an extra plate for Castiel before taking his place at the head of the table.
“Yes, but who holds your primary controller ring, Cas?” Dean asks, pointedly looking at his groin.  “We need to get the Ring of Obedience off while one of the Queens holding it is out due to Jewel exhaustion, and we need to move
There was a loud bang from one of the other motel room doors, making Dad look at the windows sharply. Sammy shifted positions, but he didn’t stir. Moment broken, Dad collected the shoebox along with the radio and set them on the cramped table. He exchanged the tape for another, which Dean saw was a Beatles album. Dad then checked the leaf that came with the cassette before flipping it to the other side and rewinding. Once satisfied, he took a blank cartridge, and using a pencil; he wound it a little before setting it on the other deck.
“Not outside salacious theatrical plays, no,” Castiel retorts. He’s half-hard and has been since he languished in the pool, he realizes. Castiel is bursting out of his skin. He needs contact, but he’s well-versed in ignoring his needs, letting the sexual heat wash over both of them instead. He’s trying to wipe the excess in abrupt jerking motions, failing to reach the glands that are too high on his back.
Being held captive in Heaven was different from being held captive in Hell. Hell at least had been consistent in its torture. When Dean had nightmares about Hell, they contained the torture chambers and not much else. His last ten years had deemed him worthy of being left alone in the ninth circle, but he had never ventured out of the first ring of the ninth circle (it probably should have been called Alastair's personal encampment, but no one dared nicknames in Hell).
Dean didn't know what he'd expected Michael's part of Heaven to look like, but Spartan wasn't it. He had worried how he was going to pick out what was Michael's from all the other angels, but he shouldn't have. The moon's gate held barracks and one single story house located near the soldiers'.
What was the point of hearing this from Cas?  The idiot. He didn’t even stay. He’d left. He’d lied. He’d kept the
When Sam walked up to Manny and brought up his concern, Manny held up his watch and mentioned Dr. Badass’ shop. “We can pick up the local network codes from there. Then, I can inform my… erm… the person I’m staying with that I’m on my way to California.”
Because he didn’t want Michael to get wind of his plan, Castiel took only his plainest, least adorned clothing—none of the brass and tassels prone to pop up in Stavan formal dress—his own personal watch, and money. He brought only the NovaWatch that he coded and was thus untracked and untraceable, and the design notes of the NovaLens that he’d been working on in his free time. He covered his dressed-down trousers and plain shirt with his favorite tan overcoat.
Castiel traced the letters reverently. He hadn’t remembered the doodles, but he knew why they were there.
Castiel had been surprised to find that Hell's structure was a mirror of Heaven's as they went deeper into its nine circles. Hell's deepest chasm culminated in what its residents liked to call the "Pit." The Abode of the Damned evolved to suit its ruler's needs. This incarnation was similar to
By the time they rolled to a stop on the shoulder, Sam, who’d been snoring lightly pressed against his window, had jerked awake. He took off his goggles to rub his eyes for a few seconds while Dean climbed out.
"I thought I'd have to look for a replacement for dear old Hansel," Katja grins pointing her knife at Benny, who glares at the witch. "I'd never dreamed you'd be stupid enough to come of your own volition."
Frequent on the docks as Castiel might be, going on board the boats hadn’t been a necessity. And he hadn’t enjoyed sailing as much as looking through the containers and seeing the ships pass by. “Yes. I’m sorry for the trouble.”
This soul, this was the reason, this feeling, this purpose, this moment. This was the reason this memory was included in Castiel's axis mundi. Not just because it was a triumph of finding the Righteous Man, but because this meeting was the most meaningul moment in Castiel's existence. Because this meeting would change the course of Castiel's entire life.
"That still looks like a whole lot of walking, Cas," Dean noted squinting at the Throne, which was always visible at any point in Aravoth.
then they're probably not the culprits," Castiel explained. They had been a long shot, but he had included them in the list to be thorough. "Baba Yaga is busy in Europe, so it's unlikely that it's her. And she is one person, unable to cause this magnitude of brephophagy."
She turned assuredly through the white-washed corridors before answering him, "If you mean the Scribe, then I am keeping him company. A duet is more of a harmony than a single note." Charis most
Later, he asks Castiel about it and the mage shrugs in reply. "Some fledglings get orphaned. We give them a home for the night and then send them to my brother Raphael." The Castiel of old would have given him a more detailed account, after of course, a heavy dose of sarcasm.
Looking for his grace wasn't something that was feasible while Castiel was mortal and alive. He couldn't navigate all of Heaven with the false set of wings the third circle had bestowed him. While the angel wanted the burn of his grace and the feel of his three pairs of wings, he couldn't see how he could go through all seven heavens and their endless possibilities without losing his sense of self.
There were rivers of light flowing through the Tree, lines upon lines of life, which disappeared towards the main trunk. The lines flared brighter over several parts, forming a crude hexagon, its angles replaced with large spheres. The area where Dean was standing was a small sphere, its boundaries held by the shrubbery he'd stepped over.
They came to the Roadhouse for strategic planning before the final raid of the seventh heaven, or maybe it was a final goodbye to good-times, but that was just pathetic, so Dean settled with war room and left it at that.
Letting Cas go so that Dean could protect the angel and his brother was difficult, but ultimately something that he did not allow himself to second guess. Their safety was the most important thing. He'd given Cas all the cash he had in his wallet, a change of clothes, and their cellphone number for contact.
“Who was that?” Lady Missouri asks when she lets him in, as she reinforces Red shields around her home.
The horse snorted, to which Castiel informed him, “Sleipnir wishes me to tell you that he is a stallion and not a mare, unlike his sister.”
Sam, who had been standing to the side of the counter and browsing tourist leaflets, grabbed the keys.
There is an amused glint in Balthazar’s eyes before he sends to Castiel through a spear to spear thread, *It’s Dean now is it?*
Sure enough, they catch up with Jack, who’s already dusting off the snow from a sizable weathered oak. Hannah examines the old tree from all angles before nodding her agreement.
however, wasn't above shouting; and he was shouting plenty. "It's quality control. How the hell should I know if you got the right string? And besides, I need your grace, not a fucking feather. How should I know if your lazy ass substitution is going to fucking work?"
The blue-eyed man raises an eyebrow, although he seems mostly unaffected by their lack of covering. Dean, on the other hand, has the grace to blush for the two of them. Both for the butchered incantation and the nudity.
Raphael was having trouble controlling her mare until finally she snapped and threatened, “I’m going to banish you to Zebhul without seeing Lucifer if you make this so unmanageable.”
—a Caste of people over many races that are capable of utilizing Craft that could be focused using a Jewel.
None of this new information is reassuring. It is puzzling, though, with that much effortless power that it's the first time someone has noticed Castiel's family, with them being almost neighbors.
Castiel had smoothed Aravoth to throw Raki'a back into place, while everybody settled into their former lives back in Heaven. Gabriel, as the only archangel present, was rallying them and ordering them about.
Dean glanced in the arched mirror and felt like he had aged a year. The cogs in the glass turned as Dean shut off the light, not able to bear his reflection any longer. Dean sat in the chair, his thoughts far away.
“You’re worried I’ll do it wrong,” Castiel says, rubbing the fine hairs at the back of Dean’s surprisingly delicate neck.
Gabriel snorted. "You think everything is inappropriate. Hasn't that Winchester you're in love with changed you enough yet?"
He was practically fresh out of Purgatory and upset about losing Cas. Kevin had just added on to the entire emotional upset. Dean realized that he was recording the songs for Cas when he recorded
“Don’t call me sir, boy. I ain’t that old.” Bobby snorted and adjusted his hat. “I wasn’t told about no other passengers neither.” His grip on the gun tightened.
Cas looked to Dean then. He wasn't sure how to answer. Dean leaned in and quickly kissed the edge of Castiel's mouth. “Forever maybe. Or yesterday. Or ten years. Depends on your perspective.”
“You knew I was coming to the studio today. You knew about the contracts being signed.” Dean looked confused, his forehead wrinkling up a little.
With that he moved out to the hall. He would go from room to room to see that everyone was okay, before finding his way to his own room. He pushed open the door to Phobos and Deimos’ room. Though they had two beds, they were curled up together in just one. Sam walked in and pulled the blanket up to cover them better. He smiled down at the way they looked, hands clasped together, lips puffed out in deepest sleep.
And they did try. Each man who came onto her land was turned away, and each relinquished all claims, saying, as they rushed back to their old lives, that the land belonged to Rowena alone. In time, no one questioned it anymore. She did a lot for her community, so it was in their best interests to accept her.
"What do you mean?" Dean was a little afraid to ask, to engage even. Then Jack smiled, and that didn't help.
In all that time though, they never established a clear cut end plan. It seemed to be assumed that they’d all leave for Earth together just as soon as Dean was deemed well enough. He and Cas were still working on the whole ‘what are we to each other’ thing. Of course they didn’t talk about it directly, which was working out not at all. In their defense they never really had much in the way of privacy. Dean was set up on a makeshift bed in the main room of the Impala. His usual room was up a small ladder past a hatch, but he wasn’t deemed well enough to go back to climbing ladders to his room all the time.
Late on a Thursday night, Dean found himself at the dinner table in the kitchen with Claire, Jack, and Sam. Cas said he was going to spend time with the babies before bed. Rebekah had already gone to sleep. She would be up with the sun and Sam. It had become their pattern. “We should get a dog,” Sam said, apropos to nothing. “For Rebekah.”
Dean quickly shucked off his clothes and blasted away all sorts of uncomfortable thoughts in the freezing water that shot from the shower head.
He came back to the car and rounded it to the trunk. He popped it open and pulled out the plastic bag from the back. It contained a set of sweatpants and some toiletries that he picked up from the store when it started seeming like they’d be stuck for the night. He could hear Cas getting out of the car before he closed the trunk. “We could just sleep at home and come back in the morning.”
The air between them was thick and warm. Dean could feel the quick drumming of Cas’ pulse just from where his hand was sitting. Everything between them was electric in that moment.
“This isn’t a date.” Dean looked from one to the other. He wasn’t sure why he had to throw down the denial. He just didn’t want the discomfort of that looming over his head. He’d never dated a man. Feeling attraction was one thing. Dating was quite another. It all seemed like too much work. With women it was easy, damn near expected. With men, there was that great potential for rejection that he just didn’t need. However, none of that explained this moment. There was no chance of rejection, yet he was knocking down the idea before it even got off the ground.
“The one and only.” Dean took a giant bite of his steak. Table manners be damned. Sam was always ragging on him for the way he ate. Castiel seemed to be unfazed. “Bobby got into the whole agent thing by accident.”
“All the best breakfast sandwiches. Realized we'd be very late if I didn't get road food. Promise you won't spill in my Baby.” Dean winked.
“Thank you.” Rowena smiled and slipped out of the bar and back into the world. It seemed that her wards had done more than just bar the local demons from her land; they had also made things seem unpassable. And the demon that she exorcised had spread rumors, believable ones, apparently.
“Not like you currently have a last name either. Might make all those pesky forms easier. Everyone expects a last name.”
“I do. That’s why you can’t keep doing it alone. The stuff you’ve written is all half songs, and you are showing no signs of getting it done. You don’t work well alone. You have to get a band together.”
Bobby had a key, but he likely wanted to be let in, given the situation. Dean was ready to let him have it. He yanked the door open.
“He didn’t come back. We didn’t worry at first. It wasn’t like he was doing anything too weird by staying out all night.” Dean swallowed back a bit more of his beer. “Next night though, he still wasn’t back. That was a little weird. I took Sam into town. Normally we avoided the police. Dad seemed to think they were out to get him.”
“Yeah, oh. He wants to stay, I think, but he’s not saying it. He seems to be waiting for you to say it first. If you don’t, he’ll just follow you right on home.”
She was so intent in her searching that she didn’t hear the noise at her back. “What are you doing back here?”
Rowena breathed the spell out in one gust of a breath. The symbol moved from the doorframe to the floor beneath them enlarging to encompass a much bigger space. The demons looked at her with disgust. “A simple devil’s trap. Can’t be dealing with all of you at once now.” She smiled. She delivered the exorcism quickly. The bodies fell to the floor, both very dead. Rowena stepped over them to her door. The vampire stood there. “What do you want?”
“I can, but the books are not permitted outside of the church. They’re quite valuable.” He moved to the shelf and seemed to scan the rows for just the right one. “Here. This one is an excellent one.” He handed her a very large volume. “You may sit here to read it.” He pointed at the desk beneath the window.
“And am I to presume that you have an appropriate booster seat for Rebekah and car seats for Samuel and Ellie?” Dean asked, assuming that the answer would be a rather dejected no. He was already considering the drive to the Smith Center to pick up the necessary booster seat for Rebekah.
When they all left, he even looked at me. He said, “Goodbye, Dean,” like he wasn’t the least bit uncomfortable with being near me. The night ended well. We had eaten the whole pie between us. No one in the other room got a damn piece, and frankly I only felt bad for Donna. She’d forgive me though. Donna’s cool.
“God, Cas. Come on,” Dean begged. Castiel gave in. Pressing into Dean slowly, his brain kicked in again.
Dean started playing, but he didn’t sing. He got to the end and set the guitar aside. “You see, still needs work.”
“None of them are done. I think I’ve been avoiding endings so I didn’t have to share them with Crowley.”
Dean was singing, eyes closed like it was all his song now. His body swayed through the highs and lows. He was feeling it. Castiel was feeling it too. They got to the end. “When’d you write an end for me?”
“Thanks for the rescue. And I'll kindly ask you to make sure not to leave my side. If you do he'll come back like a damn leech.”
“Clearly, no.” Cas moved into the bathroom and looked. The space was huge for a bathroom. The tub was one of those massive garden tubs with jets. “Impressive.”
“Dean, so responsible,” Castiel leaned down to his ear. Michael was still hanging off of Dean, but he was talking to Ruby on his left. Castiel whispered. “How are you planning to slip away?”
“Well, too bad. The press would focus on that and eat it all up.” There was silence for a moment then the guy said, “Can you maybe start up something with someone? It doesn't even have to last.”
They pulled into the parking lot in the dry old west town. “You want me to take care of getting the room?” Sam asked.
“It’s Sunday. Nothing gonna be open for us today. Might as well settle in for the night.” Dean complied and thankfully did it silently. He found a motel and pulled into a spot by the office. Sam got out. He leaned back down into the car and said, “I’ll get the rooms. Wait here.”
They laid on the beach together, pants rucked up to their knees. Dean thought he might actually get some color today. Cas had his head on Dean’s stomach as he read from a tattered old novel. The day passed lazily. And they didn’t talk about Cas leaving. Dean took the time to note Jack’s demeanor. He seemed tired at times, and energetic at others. He wondered if Cas was seeing something deeper, but he was afraid to ask.
“No. I haven't spoken with him in many years. Pretty sure he wouldn’t remember the last time. He was drunk.”
Their voices faded off, and Cas brought the bottle to Dean. “Never a dull moment around these parts it seems,” Mary said.
They held each other and stared out at the wild crowd. “Thanks for coming out here tonight and being such a great audience!” Dean called out to them. “See you all next time! Have a great night!”
The knock at the door startled Dean out of his thoughts. It was Saturday, and the night before had been a success. They'd done their interviews, and Sam and Ruby took them out to dinner to celebrate more.
“Yeah, kinda why we came to get you.” Anna started pulling him up from the bar. “It’s gonna be so good. I love New Year’s!” She was reaching into her purse now to pull out something. Suddenly, Cas was wearing a big ugly pair of New Year’s glasses. She added some to her own face. “Please wear them. They’re great. And we can be twinsies like in high school.”
Sam moved away from the Impala and drifted toward the phenomenon. There had been audio between Sam and Dean that was now projected into the room. “Sam, don’t get so close. Use the probe from at least ten feet away.”
“Maybe I'm a man and maybe I'm a lonely man//Who's in the middle of something//That he doesn't really understand.” They'd gone back and forth over who should sing these lines the first time. Cas won and delivered them perfectly.
“Okay then. You’ll have to put up with my limited wardrobe.” Dean tried to joke. He was sure that his efforts were failing.
“‘Mm okay,” Dean had muttered. He remembered how he had been too focused on Cas’ hand, on the fingers that seemed to brush tenderness into the back of his hand.
“Then pick a person. We’ll start there.” Crowley got up, picked up the laptop, and opened it. He logged in and set it on Castiel’s lap. “The folder on the desktop has all the audition videos.”
Dean wouldn't look at him. He was absolutely doing the sad face that worked on oh so many, Dean included. They were not getting a dog. He had to leave. He stood abruptly. “I’m going to go check on Cas.”
The tour was another thing. They started selling tickets even before the album was released. The shows would be smaller and more intimate despite the fact that Crowley wanted them to do full stadium concerts. To appease him they let him schedule one stadium stop on the last night of the tour.
In Tuscon, he said the woman’s name--Mellie. He said it like he wanted her, like he needed her. Cas left her body immediately. They didn’t go out to the bars for over a week after that, and Cas became even more detached.
“I think naked is good.” Dean leaned in and kissed him. He dragged his mouth to Cas’ neck, letting his teeth drag over his pulse point just a little. “Want you.”
Dean noticed Cas’ eyes close a little and a wide smile bloom on his face. “Tell Dean that the babies are okay.”
I stepped back this time. He took a shaky breath. Did I get to him? His eyes seemed to get dark all of a sudden. “It’s cold out here. Come into the shop.” Not an answer. I followed him anyway. The place was empty, so Jack apparently had the day off. Cas walked around flicking on lights. I didn’t know what to do. He pointed at the chair in his station. “Sit.”
Charlie stepped in and said, “I met up with them after picking up some particularly special honey.” It was still hard for Dean to shed the memory of her dead and gone. She was so vibrant, here and alive. She went on, “So we met up in Ohio, and they were taking down some minor demon uprising or something.”
“Don’t know. Had a feeling when I woke up, then I heard her.” Dean started bouncing her a little as he cradled the back of her head.
"You can't fix shit, Jack." Dean hazarded a look at him past eyes that were swollen now from the crying he'd needed to do. Jack moved toward him, raising a hand. "Don't."
The ones in the woods were smart enough to spread out a little. Rowena slowed them with a spell. The one still got ahold of her. She got a hand free and swung her ax in a sweeping arc. It caught the demon across his chest. He took a moment to heal the wound, during which time, Rowena breathed her spell, the same spell that held the demon in place before. The other one was already on her, angling his fangs to her neck. He managed to knock her ax to the ground. She moved her leg behind her to get leverage and managed to loosen the vampire’s hold on her.
Cas settled back into place by minute degrees, as if he was testing Dean to be sure this was okay. They could hear rattling around in the bathroom, and it was only a matter of time before Sam would emerge. In a way, they were playing a game with each other. Would they each stay this close even if Sam emerged? Who would slip away first? Who would fumble an explanation to Sam for what they were doing.
“I just wanted to make money, but manipulating you fools was entertaining.” Crowley came over and clapped Dean on the back and said, “You're welcome, and congratulations.”
They each found spaces to change. When Cas found Dean, he was in one of the rooms off the kitchen. There was a large flat screen television on the wall. Dean had told him in the early days that the room had great acoustics. Cas already knew that. The room also had the most comfortable couch. “Want me to pop up some popcorn?” Dean asked.
Dean considered this for a moment. It wasn’t that he was constructing a lie; it was just that he couldn’t exactly remember what they did. He shook his head and felt dizzy. “I don’t,” he stopped and stared off at Sam a moment. Sam looked concerned. He was holding the arm of the woman. They were talking. Dean couldn’t hear at this distance. There was a stronger breeze blowing past them, and more petals were carried from the floats down the street and away.
Claire set her hands gently on Kaia’s cheeks and pressed their foreheads together. “Maybe I have too much faith in you, but I firmly believe that spell or not, you would fight for us, for those you care for.”
Sam was staring at the checkerboard with an intensity usually reserved for much more complicated games. “Heya, Sammy.” Sam looked up at him.
Sam couldn’t argue with that. Jack was already making goofy faces down into Ellie’s bassinet that was perched on the table. Sam was holding Samuel and rocking him boldly back and forth. He looked nervous. Cas set a hand on Dean’s back and steered him toward the garage. It took a full twenty minutes of silent driving before Dean spoke. “You sure they’ll be okay?”
Sam's brows came together. “What do you mean? I'm not going anywhere. Pinkie swear.” He held out his pinkie finger to her, and she hooked her own with it.
Dean thought back. He was at home. He had packed. He had the guitar out on his bed. He'd played some songs the night before to get ready. “Shit. I think I left it on my bed.” Dean raked his hands through his hair. He turned to the guy who looked slightly less spooked.
They started walking back together, arms brushing with each step. They got to Dean's room and he struggled with his key card again, though this time might have been due to his nerves. Castiel took the card just like Sam had and made it work. “You wanna come in?”
“I’m plenty happy you’re home.” The baby in her arms started fussing. It’s little face crunched up into a look of frustration. It’s little fists balled up and shook. “Oh, someone’s not happy.” Dean reached out.
“Thanks again man. I'm pretty sure Jo would let me borrow from them, but I hate to hold her up after this performance.”
Even Sam’s wife, Eileen, was in on the plan to continually humiliate me. She was signing things that I absolutely recognized, and Sam was cracking up. And, also, no Eileen, I didn’t need a good holiday stuffing. Geesh! There were impressionable minors present.
“When Bobby told me what he did, I was mad. I mean, he didn't know we had any past…” Dean looked away then added, “I never told him.”
Dean drummed at the steering wheel, likely hearing the perpetual music in his head. He pulled into the hotel that they’d be staying at. It was tall, and part of a chain. When he shut off the car, they both got out and just stared up at it. “Not sure when Sam decided we were made of money.”
She looked down at the body now. “It couldn’t be.” With a flick of her wrist, the sheet was cast aside. “Gabriel, you fool.” She let her hand hover over his body, moving from head to toe. “He has not been in this form for some time. What happened to him?”
Dean rolled out of the bed and thanked whatever god was listening that his legs worked. He did what he could to clean himself up with the bare minimum of towels. When he was done, Cas used the room, but not before pointing at the bed for Dean to return to. “Yes, master.”
“You're very worried about her. When I came here, he told me that you were a very good man and that you'd take care of me. When I took your hand, I could tell that what he said was true.”
“No you won’t. Don’t think I haven’t seen you dragging this all out. I know I fucked up when I didn’t give you a timeline on when my albums and tours had to be completed, but I did get that clause in there about you having a band.” Crowley folded his hands in front of him. “And I know that you are the kind of guy that doesn’t like to let someone down. You’ll do this for a partner, for a band. You’ll make your songs that make me money, if someone that's not me is depending on you.”
Some hours later, and Cas had somewhat forgotten to pay attention to Dean. Joan’s work was just that interesting. She let him peer through the telescope, and she talked about stars and charting them like it was all that mattered. When Dean finally spoke up, it startled both of them. “MInd if I wander off for a bit?”
“If course I know your music. I don't live under a rock.” Castiel got up and moved closer. “You're a real talent.”
Cas hadn’t noticed that. He had picked up on some level of attraction that she was feeling for him, but her words held a different sort of intensity. Her hand dragged up his chest. “I need to be getting back to Dean.” He took a step back from her.
He went through the motions of getting ready like he was still going to head out to the studio. He got dressed in his more comfy clothes though, loose fitting sweat pants, and a faded band t-shirt. He wandered into his studio with a small bowl of cereal that he ate as he walked. The room wasn’t an actual studio in the strictest sense of the word. You couldn’t record anything in there, but there were plenty of instruments and lots of seating.
Dean carried him into the house. He was lighter than he should have been. Dean almost slumped back down to the ground with the weight of the moment. Cas, everything, this body that wasn’t him. And yet it was. Dean jostled him closer to his chest to make the carrying easier. His arms curled around the underside of Cas’ thighs, fingers gripping the fabric of his pants. Dean sucked in a deep breath and held it. He couldn’t look down at what he held, couldn’t think about it while looking.
I didn’t dwell on the phrasing “used to” for very long in fear of getting irreparably distracted. Instead,  I listened to the next question Dean had lined up to fire my way and busied myself with lining up my defenses, making sure they were as airtight as possible.
I swallowed, composed myself, and humored him, as he asked me to, because I was always there for Dean Winchester and willing to do whatever it was that he needed without any protest.
“Dude, of course not! I never said it was a crime, it’s just that you try to get to know all of the people you serve, especially on Thursdays.”
“And I’m still so sorry. I wanted to help you and Sam but now you guys fuckin’ hate each other and I...I can’t do this anymore. I don’t even know WHAT I’m doing anymore, I just can’t…”
I read once in an article online, a science article about emotions humans experience in relation to physical reactions, that there was a phenomenon called frisson, or the feeling of getting chills or goosebumps on one’s skin after hearing or experiencing something of great emotional value. When I read it, I couldn’t relate to it much, much like I couldn’t relate to Dean’s explanation of his bond to his father, but now I had to change my stance. I felt like a cool breeze had consumed me, wrapped its cold arms around my middle, and my heart was in two.
Every fiber of my being was begging Sam to leave me out of it. I’d defended him enough in my lifetime. I’d driven all the way to see my long-lost brother upon being asked to do so, I was merely doing him a favor, and I did not need the scene that was playing out in front of me, like a movie in which every scene had been ingrained into my head. This exact argument had occurred countless times in the past and was the same down to the last detail: the tone of voice, the word choice, the redenned faces, the rapid arm movements, the alcoholic additives, and even the beverage seeping into the carpeted floor beneath my trembling feet. Everything was practically muscle memory at that point, which is why I shouldn’t have been so blatantly horrified when Sam’s strained, fury-driven speech uttered the single syllable of my name. But I was. More so than I cared to admit or was capable of hiding.
Charlie nodded her head in Dean’s direction with both of her eyebrows now raised high into her head. She placed a hand on my shoulder and whispered into my ear, her face dangerously close to mine, and I noticed her breath was overtaken by the mint gum locked in her jaws. If her comments weren’t overwhelming enough, the scent surely was.
“Eight o’clock okay? I got an appointment at quarter to eight, shouldn’t take much longer than that, and I’m sure you can handle it.”
I rolled my eyes and took a half step backwards, adjusting my position so I didn’t have to be under the all-knowing Bradbury gaze that made cautious chills run up and down my arms. She was implying something that was escaping me, or, more rather, something that I was avoiding at all costs. I could see its sheen and shimmer in her brightly colored irises, and it was very unnerving.
I was too busy gazing at Cas with betrayal and utter disbelief and I hardly heard Bobby’s chorus of hearty laughs and chortles as he said his true goodbye and hung up, the line going dead.
“Cas woulda known better,” was my instinctive thought before downing a large sip. And, oddly enough, it would be nice to have his support there. He always laid things out on the table as they were, with no bullshit, but had a nice, delicate way of doing so, a way that made the hefty pills we all tried our best to avoid easier to swallow. There was so much tension in the air, so much that I could see sparks dance across everyone’s quickly shared gazes with one another, and I knew his awkward humor and overwhelming politeness would take a least a fraction of it away.
Those words screamed until my ears rang and my own throat was sore from just the thought of it in my head during the ever-present silence of Wednesdays, apart from the occasional homeless drunkard who begged at the window to be let inside for a free drink or two. In those moments, I let the words distract me from the guilt I felt in turning them away, but their incessant blast of broken homes and guilty memories soon became too much to bear.
“Dean...seems lost. There’s a lot going on his life at the moment, with his brother leaving for Stanford and his father being in the situation he’s in. I don’t believe he has anyone to unload on, so I’ve tried to take on the role.”
“Everyone was cleared out by like eleven though. Couldn’t have been that difficult. Did something happen at home?”
His question helped me begin the process of clearing my head, pushing the impending doom of her ongoing interrogation further back into my head until it was just an annoying ringing in my ears, and shook my head no. In retrospect, I think I performed the action too forcefully.
“Well, how are you supposed to know if the love is real or not?” I asked, now off-handedly as I scanned the pub for the object of my earlier search, the object of my distraction during the suburban lady’s saddening story. I couldn’t have missed it, could I? The thought sent worried, stressed chills up and down my exposed arms.
“Dean…” Sam muttered again. His eyes were squinted now in an attempt to subdue the tears, as though he was committing this terrible moment to memory. Dean may be the better liar, but they were both masochistic till the end.
Unfortunately, Dad wasn’t entirely satisfied with the answer I provided him with, probably because it didn’t come from the mouth of the son who his question was directed at, and pressed on further. His voice had dipped lower now.
Dean tossed me two twenties, a large amount of money that far surpassed the total that he owed, and my memory drove backwards to view the week before where he’d done the same. I imagined it what the amount of alcohol he consumed that caused the varying amount of dollar bills. If my theory was correct, he was much more hammered then than he had been before. It was also explain the halfway conversation.
“No matter what I did, it wasn’t good enough. I raised Sammy, and I wouldn’t take any of it back in a heartbeat, but, hell, a dad is what he needed.”
Dean motioned towards his glass, and I happily obliged to fulfill his request, but I took the few moments of personal space as a period of thought. He wasn’t speaking, not really. He was avoiding, avoiding every possible window I was offering him. I needed to say something. I couldn’t give him much of an option. It was past eleven PM on a Sunday night, those of a holy occupation had long since vacated the premises, and I still had a game to win.
Sam is a puddle on the floor. His jeans are flecked with hay and the ichor of the decapitated vampires. There’s a bruise forming on his chin that spreads into the age lines on his right cheek, lines that Dean hadn’t noticed yet. Sam is collapsed and staring in reverence at two rectangular legs flanked in thin black fabric and shoes scuffed at the toes, but only recently.
He flicked open the front flap without so much as a glance upward and went digging for either cash or a credit card, but while he did so, I found myself staring much too intently at another card that was peeking up from a pocket opposite the one he was searching through. The top half of this mystery man's driver's license was sticking up ever so slightly, just enough to allow me to see a crucial part of his unknown identity that had been pressing my mind so…his name.
Again, I nodded my head in agreement, trying to portray myself as deep in thought and understanding, but simultaneously praying that he asked me no questions on the subject, that I could just be left to keep agreeing politely. I’d come too far to make a fool of myself or be caught up in my halfway lies. Does politeness excuse dishonesty? I didn’t believe so.
I had a game to win, and my opponent was this mind-boggling Dean Winchester who looked about ready to order.
“You’re saying that it’s a crime for me to attempt to get to know Dean Winchester?” I snarled under my breath, growing impatient and deciding to no longer fight the defensive edge to my voice that I’d been trying to conceal.
It’d be unfair. Fuck, he deserved fairness now. Someone told him, the tiny voice wrapped in plaid little boys’ pajamas standing barefoot on a freshly mown lawn, bundle of a baby brother between his arms, that he deserved fairness here. He was going out without a blaze, without any glory, without the slightest inkling of a gunshot. The universal catch-all order he’d sought to dismantle had pulled the old bait ‘n switch and revoked fairness in favor of random chance. Or was this zero-sum? Had there been a chance at all for any involved parties?
Dean Winchester’s footsteps left the door and with it took the last sound in the vacant pub, the last sound other than my heartbeat pounding loud and fast in my chest.
“If you insist…” he released, admitting his defeat. I marked it down as a victory, a victory more courageous and worthwhile than any other I’d accomplished in my living memory.
“You are lucky that Jack is so observant. He almost missed it. I couldn’t hear anything in there. In the Empty. I was totally blind when he pulled me out and had no idea where you and Sam were.”
“Dad does a lot of things at work, and sometimes he comes late because he’s stressed and takes time off with his friends. That’s what he told me,” I explained, hoping the slow speed of my speech would avert Sam from taking apart my answer and realize what I meant underneath my choice of words. “It doesn’t mean he doesn’t want to go out to breakfast with us anymore, and it doesn’t mean that he doesn’t care about us anymore.”
A small, almost sad voice, whispered out the beginning of the song. “There's nothing left, no base desires…” Castiel's voice shook and he stopped.
“They are not for you.” He stared back at her just as hard, and seemed almost to dare her to act. “You are not welcome here, witch.”
Sam, Crowley, and Bobby met them at their dressing room. Champagne somehow made it to the room, along with a diet Coke for Sam. Cas finally put on the ring. “Got ya huh?” Dean said.
Cas tapped the edges of the bowl with the knife and then set it back down. He reached out his hands on either side of the bowl, palms up. “Take my hands.” It was the second time Dean had held Cas’ hand that day. He’d gripped Cas’ hand before to help him up after a fall, or for some other justifiable reason. This moment was easily explained and justified, but there was something about the way Cas looked at him as he held Dean’s hands that made Dean feel like the world was dropping out from under him.
“Or something.” Cas leaned in and kissed him. It was more than what Dean had gotten out of him in months. Understandably. Afterall, Dean was always within a line of sight of Sam or at least within hearing distance. He certainly wasn’t looking to have an audience for his love life, or whatever this was. And yet, here was Cas, making the most of a moment.
He walked around the building until he came to a door with a splintered sign. “Dean?” He could feel something here.
It was still day, a bright, too-hot day. Summer had dragged out long this year. It wasn’t summer. It wasn’t even fall.
“Oh nothing of any consequence.” She circled him slowly. “How attached are you to this vessel, dearie?” He stood still as though he were being held in place by something.
It was a constant nagging thing in his head. What was possible, and what was unreasonable. He rinsed off, got out of the shower, and got changed into the sweatpants and t-shirt that he snagged out of his bag. When he emerged from the bathroom, he was greeted by a vision of Sam and Cas sitting together on one of the beds, their backs pressed to the headboard. They were sharing a laptop, reading the same page. Cas mumbled something as he looked up from the laptop.
They'd been doing pretty well in the last year. Their album went platinum, they had a sold out tour, they'd all upgraded their living situations. Somehow though, this was the moment that made it all real to Dean.
“Oh, I’m sorry, Dean,” Joan said. “I feel like we haven’t been including you nearly enough here.” She set a hand on his shoulder. She smiled warmly.
“Not at all. I always enjoy getting visitors.” He waved for them to follow him up the bluff to a small weathered, wooden table. Dean sat next to Cas and Sam was across from them. “So how's your album coming along?” Sam asked them both.
Sam complied. The book was old, something from the library. It was handwritten on hides. “You can read Sanskrit?”  Sam raised a brow with the question.
“Damn right it’s not a date. Also, I'm more concerned about having to watch all of this while I'm trying to eat.” Dean waved his hand around between them.
“Look at me,” Dean finally choked, watching in a delirium-fueled stupor as his brother listened, moved his eyes, and crumbled a bit more. “I…I-I…I need you to tell me. That it’s
When I placed the bottle on the counter and went in search for a sufficient glass, I heard Dean let out something of a snicker and froze, wondering if I’d gotten something wrong already, but it seemed entirely impossible. Every time I’d served him he’d ordered a scotch without any ice, no questions asked, but now my throat was burning and my stomach was flipping over itself in the torturous suspense over what his laugh meant.
All my statement was met with was a rough grunt and the sudden shifting of his body on the barstool. I watched, with rather awkward captivation and curiosity may I add, as the mystery man dug into his leather jacket's coat pocket and removed an equally as leathery wallet, with the sides fraying and the many layers of the thick material peeling off the edges. It looked like it had undergone many years of wear and tear, just like he appeared to have.
“Oh, you’re obligated to say that. But I do appreciate you listening,” She answered, yet I watched yet again as another wave of hysterics took over. She placed her head in her hands before exclaiming,
Just like that, my throat began to close up, I was feeling lightheaded, and my knees were wobbling just like they’d been less than twenty-four hours ago when Dean, apparently the newly brought up topic of conversation, had been so keen to be kind to me. I must’ve stared at Kevin, wide-eyed and full of disbelief, betrayal even, though I wondered how he could betray me without knowing that I’d been fighting fiercely to keep Dean’s name from Charlie, for a good forty-five seconds before realizing his dark, brown eyes were trained elsewhere. My despair and inner turmoil went unnoticed.
“Whoa, what’s wrong?” She asked, scanning the same bar I’d been moments before, looking for the source of my obvious mood change.
I've made an executive decision to post this a day early because I've had it completed for a long time now and I won't be home much tomorrow, so I hope that's alright with whoever's reading. I also want to give another thank you for the uplifting words and support so far. It may not seem like much to seem, but the amount of time I've spent giggling over your comments and kudos is almost foolish.
Those words danced and sang like words to a catchy song when I was forced to deal with the suburban soccer moms on Tuesday who did nothing but shout and complain about their husbands inability to arouse them in any way, shape or form, and I was even lucky enough to see a divorce pact formulate and be set in stone. (It was in times like those that I did, in fact, question the fate of the human race.)
“You probably need to put these on before you go out anywhere,” he informed me, the sadistic humor in his voice mixing with his general helpfulness until I couldn’t tell if he was being sincere or not, and just shook my head no with exasperation. Yes, I hadn’t noticed my lack of under or outer garments until seeing my work drawn out across Cas’s back, but it didn’t serve as much of an issue to me.
I shut the bulky door behind me with a dull thud, the sound barely making a dent in that screaming, sizzling noise that I’d left behind, and my back immediately fell onto its wooden surface the moment the icy, nearly-winter air touched my face. The cold didn’t bother me though; I could barely feel the frostbite nip at the bridge and end of my nose and the tips of my fingers. I couldn’t feel the crookedness of my jacket, falling lopsided on my shoulders, or the harsh intake of freezing air my lungs were enduring. It was all numb, all blocked out, all desensitized, except for the singular hot drop of moisture making its way down my pinkening cheek, probably freezing in the process, but still making a damp streak on my tender skin in the process.
In a barely there instance I saw his eyes flick towards his empty glass and I dashed for the bottle of scotch, conveniently located just nearby where the two of us were stationed, and poured its substance into the glass with fumbling fingers and an acutely focused ear. Because something was surely possessing Dean; he was explaining.
In no time at all the new beverage had been delivered to its intended recipient, who quickly resumed his hasty pace and averted his eyes from mine after what I assumed to be an out of character display of gratitude, no matter how minute it had been. In the moments I had of silence, I examined the scene outside of Dean and I: most of the clergymen and women had departed, left the places in which they had sat and conversed spick and span, like the pub had been vacant the entire evening, and the only few remaining persons were a couple showing their Sunday night affection in the corner, probably using up the last of their weekend energy before the daily work grind came back around. Thankfully they weren’t too noisy.
“I-I don’t mind,” I stammered, noting how my voice was awkwardly monotone. I needed to work on that.
“I’ll look forward to it then,” he replied and stretched forward, showing a little more of his not-so-clothed figure than I believed he’d intended to, and it was my turn to laugh a little.  Though whether it was at his state or the genuine happiness he still felt over the idea of me visiting him at work, I didn’t know.
“One: you’re not what most people would call the usual kind of sociable. I have a hard time believing that you were just talking to Dean for the heck of it, that isn’t something you do.”
“Hello, I apologize for the wait there...what’ll you have?” The statement was highlighted with the most sincere smile I could muster, and I thought it would be more than sufficient, but judging by the lack of acknowledgement I received, I’d failed once again.
The previous time Dean Winchester had graced the pub with his presence, it took him about sixteen minutes to finish one drink. On this occasion, it had been approximately six minutes and he’d drained his glass about two thirds of the way, a rate that I couldn’t imagine felt physically pleasing in any way, shape, or form. I myself wasn’t a fan of scotch: it burned too intensely when it touched the inside of my throat. I must’ve felt like his own personal forest fire at the speed Dean was inhaling his beverage, and I couldn’t help but wonder if that was the point.
I gave her another look of exasperation, sighing at Charlie’s never ending flow of sly remarks but surprisingly warm and kind advice, but didn’t mean it in the negative, denial-laced way in which I had before. It took a great deal of effort not to smile, and an even greater amount of effort not to consider her bogus suggestion. Upon receiving my gaze, my redhead companion broke out into a fit of giggles, releasing me from her grasp and holding her stomach as she did so, and when she turned to leave and enter the kitchen, she clapped me hard on the back.
“And that’s cool. It’s what you do, and you’re pretty damn good at it!” She continued, making note of my change in attitude and making a change in her own tone of voice. It was gentler now and easier to listen to, its mocking sting gone.
...until he started coming, clad in his intimidating leather jacket while the smell of intrigue, cologne, and sweaty kisses hanging over his head like a cumulonimbus cloud.
“All the guy wants is a Coors Light, Castiel,” Charlie answered once I arrived at the scene, swinging her arm around me as she flung her rag over her opposite shoulder in that casual, carefree way she seemed to always do things in, including embarrassing the hell out of her coworkers. “Woulda thought you’d remember, ya know, being such a good bartender and all…”
Dean’s other hand lands on the opposite lapel and Cas’s head is bolt straight now. If Dean didn’t know any better, he’d say a pink flush was spreading from Cas’s left ear to his right.
The only sure way to prevent her from returning though was to carry out what she’d offered me help in doing though, and I had every intention of keeping her at bay. Upon instinct, my head turned to the right to observe who now looked like a lone ranger, seated in his own secluded corner swirling the remainder of his drink around in its glass, and I felt guilty for abandoning Dean. The look of pain, however internalized it may be, was still clear across his face, yet I was not in a position to drop the task at hand and help alleviate it.
Michael had never bothered to get close to me. By the time I’d come around, his life was starting, and I suppose he lacked the time and the patience to sit down and get to know someone who was not only years younger than he, but who also didn’t even hold a fraction of the potential in both hands as Michael had contained in one finger. I remember, vaguely, dropping him off at the airport and watching my mother kiss his cheek goodbye, an act of sentiment that we usually never saw. It left a pink imprint on his skin and I saw him wipe it off as we walked away, when I dared to turn around and sneak a glance at the perfect stranger who just so happened to be related to me.
“Just you? C’mon man, there’s gotta be more to it,” Dean insisted. His sudden burst of blind faith in me made even less sense than his interest had a few minutes before.
“Dean,” I began, shocked at how loud the sincerity in my voice was, but not at its presence. “Stop apologizing so much. It...it really can help to let these things out, and its no good keeping them bottled up.”
“Look man, I don’t wanna be creepy ‘er anythin’...” He began, and before I knew it his eyes were staring at mine, and before I knew it I was frozen in place like two hands were grasping my ankles for dear life and anchoring me to the floor below. The green of his irises was even brighter now, brought to life by the expansion of his pupils and the alcohol running marathons through his veins.
And like I said, I hadn't failed. I knew or could know everyone I came in contact with. Broken hearts, broken families, broken minds, broken homes, and broken lives alike, I understood it all…
Dean opened his mouth to reply without any hesitation, and for a brief piece of time my heart leapt in success and victory, but then he drew back, and so did my spirits. He was still holding onto the remains of his sobriety and hadn’t let himself go, at least not all the way, and I’d tried my luck too early. I was about to pay the price as well.
My saving grace turned out to be one that I wasn’t too pleased with, but I knew not to be too picky when it came to such things. The fact that it was a predictable, cut and dry Friday night served as somewhat of a comfort to me, due to the lack of surprises it posed. I knew who would arrive, what they would order, how long they would stay, and how to deal with them all as a whole and individually. It would stress-free, relaxing even, and then I could crawl back home and spend the night drilling Charlie’s stinging, burning victory into all the unwilling parts of my head as I stared as those stucco bumps in my ceiling. Mental anguish was something that I saved for my home life.
I was worried that maybe Dean would be able to hear the tearing sound resonating deep within my chest, the noise of my heart snapping with a sudden sucker-punch to the gut, the fist taking the form of his past and his uncharacteristic will to share it with me. In that moment, those words that had been drilled into Dean Winchester’s subconscious by, of all people, his father were scrawled across every inch of exposed skin like black tattoos, unable to be concealed though regret and shame was obviously in them.
And suddenly, as though my mind was shielded behind nothing more than wobbly plexiglass, Charlie appeared behind me with a arm full of trays and sparkles in her eyes. I decided then that I would speak to Kevin about rigging her up with some sort of an alarm system, and highly doubted that he would have any objections.
He looked truly, perpetually guilty, and Kevin Tran was someone it was just impossible to be any sort of upset with, seeing as though he followed through on every favor, every task, and every job asked of him with at least one-hundred and ten percent effort, and I couldn’t hold it against him anyways. The confrontation was bound to happen eventually, I should’ve seen it coming the previous night, and it wasn’t like he was the one asking the questions. Charlie was the one who deserved my anger and my frustration, as well as all the mind-boggling thoughts and question circling in my brain like vultures, waiting for the next event to occur and die out so they could swoop in and pick away at it.
She wasn’t that hard of a puzzle to fit together. She was obviously living a lifestyle close to, if not already, luxury. I estimated that she was in her mid-fourties, a time in which dying hair was popular, and there were very few people with hair as raven-shaded as hers, so she’d been an avid partaker in hair styling. Her face was dolled up with makeup, an example being her running mascara, and she was wearing a white, lace blouse. I would’ve just assumed she’d been coming from a meeting of some import, but underneath her blouse and along her legs were jeans, so she simply had the money to present herself well. And, of course, she’d told me all about their nice suburban home, deluxe-model cars, and the rest of the suburban-life stereotype that I’d come to know so well. With such a life came scandal-”everyone knows that the suburbs are a nasty, secret-ridden place,” my boss once told me in a laugh-so the puzzle pieces fit well. Easily. And in one night.
“It’s not what I need,” Dean finally concluded. And his response was not one of the dozens that I’d run through my head. All possible strategies were abandoned.
I’d been stuck within the clutches of that particularly uncomfortable conversation for a good forty-two minutes, if my laser-like attention on the wall clock, still stationed above the door, proved to be accurate and precise enough, and it was around the fifteen minute mark that I began sincerely doubting the other half of the exchange’s own religious devotion. The copious amount of “good ‘ol liquor” he’d consumed since his very much pronounced arrival (he’d tripped onto his face on the way in, obviously already intoxicated) was rivaled by few. And perhaps I would’ve found more amusement in his shenanigans, found his dedication to convincing me that he, himself, was a deacon at a local Catholic church and that I should come and join him in his endeavors to be more than mildly entertaining, and perhaps I would’ve allowed myself to indulge in whatever terribly inappropriate murmurings I could hear Charlie whisper to Kevin behind me, but I was far too distracted to do any of the above.
I worked the late night shifts every Thursday night, and each time, without fail, it proved to be the most eventful and interesting of all the days of the week.
have it. Easier that way. I…I always fucking lie. Even when I don’t mean to. To myself. To you. To Sam. To Jack. To Mom. Dad, even. I
“When the hell didja pick up running?” Bobby exclaimed, but then seemed to think differently about the question, and continued,
So as Dean finished throwing back the second swig of his drink, closing his eyes lightly shut at he did so, my feet carried me forward, my hands propped themselves up on the bar, and a voice came out of my own mouth. It took me a great deal of time to realize that it was my own, instantly feeling shocked at my own courage.
“Did he ever plan on it though?” He tested, raising his eyebrows. “Or was this another one of those ideas you went ‘n planted in his head, Dean?”
But before I got too lost in my concerns and plans for the rest of the night, I decided to fulfill the first part of my duties to each customer and forced myself to say only a few words.
Instead of making a bigger deal than necessary out of the fact that Dean did not only know my name now by memory, he also had made it his own by shortening it in a very simple way that I was surprised I hadn’t heard before, I just nodded my head, looked up, and responded with a plain,
Until recently, I hated the cold and everything that came with it: the snow piling on heavy atop my car, the heating bill, the layers upon layers of clothing I needed to wear just to walk a few feet outdoors, the like. Winter was always such a pain in the ass to me and I counted the days and weeks until it was over, rejoiced at the sight of green grass underneath the troublesome layers of white, and I wasn’t even that big of a fan of Christmas, partly because my family had never been very keen on celebrating it, but that was besides the point. Overall, the month of November all the way through the tail end of March were torturous for me, always had been.
He didn’t mind one single solitary bit and sat up straight at the thought of his own vehicle, which I could tell he worshipped and loved like a partner by the look in his eyes. It was hard not to smile at the adoration...or not to smile in adoration.
“I knew that,” he sighed. “But why be so interested in me? There’s a good seven people here tonight that seem way more exciting than your ‘favorite twenty-seven year old drunk.’ I mean, just look at all those Jesus freaks!”
I found his apology odd, unnecessary even, and by the looks of it, he did as well. Instantly he cast his gaze downward and into his awkward and forced silences, something I knew he did out of habit, and I smiled to myself with pride at picking up such a detail. But my moment of self-absorption soon faded away as I answered him, eager to let him know that no form of “sorry” was needed.
Regardless, I wasn’t able to look her in the eyes anymore, and I knew from countless experiences with those numerous strangers I conversed with for a living that lack of eye-contact was a definite sign of lying or avoidance. I distracted my own line of vision by staring at my hands, fingers fiddling with the button attached to the sleeve of my shirt, though it was hardly sufficient in its purpose.
I pulled into Bobby’s with a smile that day, still enjoying the particularly bright sun that was seeping through my windshield and warming my car’s interior, and probably looked a little odd, seeing as though I was working an extra four hours that day, but the whole “appreciating the little things in life that you have” thing was new to me and still hadn’t lost its magic. It was another way in which Cas had corrupted me with his innocence, but the after effects were so positive and heartwarming, literally, that I doubted I would have any trouble learning how to deal. If he managed to live with me and my impure ways, as it had been phrased before, I could handle a little bit of good influence in my life. Hell, I looked forward to it each day that my eyes opened.
“It’s like these people just throw their beers onto the floor and stick their gum under the tables in the same exact spot, just to screw with me. Did anyone even wash these booths yesterday?”
She did sound oddly serious, and as if the current swell of emotions I was undergoing wasn’t enough already, she had to go and add more confusion to the mix. Why were my thoughts on Dean Winchester so vitally important to them, and what did she really expect to find within them?
“I know. I’ll see you then,” he answered, sitting up fully in bed and unintentionally showing off the front of him and all the places I’d left my fingerprints a few hours prior. I didn’t dare look for very long though in fear of succumbing once more.
I wasn’t lying, and that gave me some satisfaction. Dean seemed to accept my response, raising his eyebrows high into his forehead and nodding slightly in reply.
And that pace didn't cease, either. The minutes turned to hours and the amount of money this man was practically throwing at me kept increasing, like the lack of color across his progressively more distressed face. Throughout that night, from the time he entered the pub until very early that morning, near closing time, I watched the old dishwasher lady come and go, along with a couple both clad in overalls who smelled of cow dung, seven men who all had come from another pub just down the street and who appeared to belong to some group I didn't want to know about, a young woman in a lavish dress who I assumed was underage, and on any other day I would've called her out on how obviously fake and illegal her ID was, but even the law I was under orders to so strictly follow in my line of work was hardly a match for the level of captivation that mystery man inspired within me.
“You wanna know how I feel?” He continued as he shoved Bobby’s hands away and pushed Sam aside, who was trying to get in the middle of Dad and I, which caused me to notice how his head no longer towered over my own. We were at eye-level with one another.
“Nah, don’t feel bad for the lady. If the husband cheated, especially with a dude, it obviously wasn’t meant to be between them.”
“I’m an unbiased listener. That means I’ll listen to whatever is going on people’s lives because everyone needs a chance to get things that have been plaguing them off of their chests. It comes with the job, I suppose, and I enjoy being able to help people, even if it’s only in a small way.”
My dad clenched his jaw tight, the first time he’d taken his lips fully away from his beer all evening.
He tapped the temple of his head with his knuckle, belonging to the hand that was clutching his glass, and before long he’d spilled a large amount of his drink on his already soiled, light blue sweater. I didn’t laugh, merely tossed him a clean rag I kept under the bar and left him to his own devices, creepy giggles, and slurs of Jesus Christ and the clergy.
Gripping the dirty papers in one tentative hand, I was making my way over to the trash bin when it hit me. Dean Winchester was far more than passing scenery. While he did possess the odd quality all those before him did, it wasn’t an odd that I could understand. I knew he was broken, I knew his voice, with its rumble yet worrisome tremble, and I knew he wasn’t the kind to share parts of him or his life. I also knew his name, but nothing else. I didn’t even know whether or not there was a wife at home, pestering him about their damned kitchen appliance that needed repairing.
I was trying my hardest to maintain my calm and composure, to not lash out as his sudden inability to cease insulting himself or putting himself down, but it wasn’t proving to be easy. It took two hands to count the amount of times that I’d reassured Dean Winchester that his venting to me was not harmful, annoying, or tedious in the least, yet whatever had gotten into him that day seemed to have erased his memory of all such occasions. I soon found myself staring at the top of his head, waiting for his eyes that were trained on his glass of poison-of-choice to lift once more and explain himself, though I was beginning to doubt if that was expecting too much.
I saw his tongue flick over and around his lips, as if he was collecting his choice of words, while his eyes were still trained everywhere but on my own.
I gave Kevin a nod of acknowledgement, a little crestfallen that I wouldn’t be seeing my friend for a few more hours when she typically arrived at two minutes past six, no more no less, but I was also worried about sticking it out with Kevin Tran. Though I did enjoy his company, since being in the pub without anyone to talk to besides those in the kitchen wasn’t something I liked, his constant worried mumblings, remarks, and jumpiness made it hard to bond with him. I hoped it was his nervous nature and not my lack of people skills that made it challenging.
My dad had never met someone quite like Castiel Novak, and had never experienced the same emotions I still was, even as the street the pub Castiel worked at came into view over the horizon. He’d never had someone listen and be there for him like Cas had for me in the short amount of time that I’d known him, and that’s where we were different. I had a positive purpose in traveling almost religiously to my new favorite pub, while my dad possessed no such thing. I knew a familiar face there and relished every second I got to spend time with it, while my dad simply went to get fucked up.
Sam drifts away from Dean, though Dean can’t tell exactly when or how. There’s new firmness to his neck all of a sudden but as his hands reach to examine the surge of strength, he’s removed from the wooden post of the dingy, battered barn. There’s a stitching heat in the center of his being and then there’s nothing. Dethroned like Jesus Christ being preemptively removed from the cross, Dean wonders who botched the execution job. He laughs at the thought; the voices in his head are quieter.
Clearly not seeing the situation for what it was, Jack took another step and said, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to cause his death or my mother's death. I don't know how to fix that. I'm sorry I hurt you. I don't know how to fix that either."
Dean felt Cas’ fingers tighten on him a little, then Cas angled Dean’s hand just a bit lower. Dean’s fingers were grazing the top of Cas’ boxers. Dean licked his lips again, and this time Cas mirrored him. Dean flexed his fingers and let them slide just under the top part of Cas’ waistband. Cas sucked in a shaky breath and seemed to hold it.
Cas looked at him directly, their noses practically brushing as he did so. “It’s funny how much easier this is with you than it was without you.”
“Our breakfast is coming. Gonna hang up and let you deal with that.” They both laughed, said their goodbyes, and then Dean hung up the phone. The waitress slid their plates to them. “Cas?” Dean asked after getting a few bites in.
Cas still hadn't moved. “Cas,” Dean started. Cas eyes shifted to the crowd then back to Dean, still shocked. Dean turned to the crowd and said, “Guess I shocked him.” He turned back to Cas then and said, “Marry me. I love you.”
Cas said that sometimes he just needed to blow off some store of energy that had accumulated. Dean didn’t question it, but he understood. Runners were like that. Sometimes he hit the gym with Cas for the same reasons. Sometimes it helped. Sometimes, not so much.
“You’ve already shown weakness. You asked for healing, and you let me get close enough to kill you. I didn’t, and you didn’t attack me either.” She settled a hand on his shoulder. “Let me try.”
In the morning, the babies and Cas were out of the room. Dean stretched out slowly, feeling his body crackle in a satisfying way. He got up and wandered toward the smell of coffee in the kitchen. Rebekah was eating a very full bowl of cereal. Jack had a baby strapped to his chest in a funny little backpack looking thing. Cas came in next with another baby and the same funny backpack.
“Always.” Castiel gave the soup a stir. Dean silently considered. Castiel continued, “I wasn't wrong. I just know I could have handled things so much better. I know now that I maybe could have been a little more understanding.”
“The bodies on the shore in the drawing are all different, but the ones in the book are all the same.”
He was wrong. Rebekah just stood there saying nothing. They all waited for a bit too long for something to happen. It didn’t. Thankfully, Jack helped break the silence. He took her other hand and  said, “You want to pick out a bedroom?” She nodded and let go of Sam’s hand and allowed Jack to lead the way.
“Looks like you’re ours for now little one.” Dean turned to Sam as he lifted Ellie and the bassinet. “Go into town and pick up supplies. We’ll need newborn sized diapers, wet wipes, bottles, formula, and tiny baby clothes. Maybe get some extra blankets too.” Dean took her bassinet back to his room and started clearing a space for her there. Sam left, hastily tapping the list into his phone as he went.
"I wasn't going to snap them away from you." Gabriel pressed his palms to the table like he was going to get up. "Maybe I should leave. Maybe it's too much for them to have to see me now."
He plucked out a few notes on his acoustic guitar. The song had a tone of Spanish melancholy to it. The first full minute was just guitar work. It didn't seem like much at first, but a minute is a long time for a song intro. It was a bold move, but it worked.
Dean kept thinking that they'd end up seeing a bedroom at some point, but none materialized. There was a second floor that they didn't visit. It was likely where those bedrooms were.
Cas moved his hand up to Dean’s and stopped his progress. He dragged Dean’s hand back down to his stomach. Cas’ thumb and finger wrapped around Dean’s wrist a little. He moved Dean’s hand down to the space just below his belly button, and seemed to hesitate, seeing if Dean was planning to retreat.
“And I just can't, Dean.” One small tear escaped Castiel's eye. He swiped at his cheek with the back of his hand.
“We're performing tonight. Our room is a floor down from yours.” Dean rocked back on his heels a bit.
“I think you might be right there.” Dean got up and walked a few steps away from the rock. He looked out over the other side of the hill, to the long stretch of red land between them and town. He couldn’t even see a hint of the buildings from this far off, but it was enough to just know it was there. “I think I want to stay here.”
“About you and driving and choosing to hit a tree over letting me drive. You would choose this over a much more reasonable and safe option.”
They separated at the car. Cas went right to the driver’s seat, and Dean went right to the passenger’s seat. They drove slowly away from the cemetery toward town. Dean did not process the turn of events well while they drove. Instead his mind was like the snapping and crackling noises heard when a hot pan receives a few slabs of bacon. Dean’s stomach growled. He was rather hungry. Cas pulled into the motel that Sam had picked for them. There was a diner on the end. “We should eat first,” Cas suggested.
“I’m thinking we won’t learn much more from these articles. They’re all pretty superficial.” Dean glanced up at the bathroom door as he heard Sam shut off the water.
Dean looked at the speedometer and saw that it was just hovering over 40 mph. They were on a broad straightaway. He really could go way faster. He pressed his foot down heavily on the accelerator. The car sucked them back into the seat, and they sped onward toward Hastings.
In an effort to keep his feelings in check, Cas leaned in and kissed Dean. There was nothing gentle about the kiss. Dean's arms were around him, practically hauling Cas up off the ground. It went on so long that Cas thought they'd have to go back to the car. "You're beautiful," Dean whispered between breaths.
know a guy in Virginia. Name’s Silas. Don’t know him well or anything, but he helped me out back when you were sporting demon eyes.” Sam looked off out the window and Dean didn’t have anything to say about that. “Anyway, he’d gotten clear of a cult, he said. He claimed that there was some pretty messed up stuff going down. Somehow this lead to him becoming a hunter. I didn’t question it too much. The guy had information on so much. I swear he was better than our whole library of lore back at the bunker. I could ask him anything, he knew the score.”
“Need I mention the things I can do to you if you lose some of those layers?” Castiel pinched Dean's nipple and grinned.
“No, we got nothing going here. We can make a vacation out of it. We’ll visit sunny Cora, Virginia. That should be peachy.” Dean adopted a too-chipper voice as he said it.
Rowena took the book to the desk and sat. She opened it to find some of the most vibrant illuminations. “It’s beautiful.” She ran her hand over the images with reverence.
Rowena dropped to the woodland floor and scooped up the ax in one fluid motion. She swung the ax, and he stepped back. “Perhaps you should run like your friend almost did.”
Before he fell asleep, his hand drifted to her and settled on her stomach. It did not ease his worry.
“He took the memory. He worried all the time that he was being selfish with you, that he was making you hurt when he left, because he knew that you loved him.”
I almost forgot words again. “I’m pretty handy in the kitchen. I’m not good at making pie though. In fact, I maybe hand off pie duty to someone else, every damn time. The crust never turns out right. Then there’s the filling. I can do a fine enough apple, but most other fillings are a mystery.”
Dean got up with a laugh. He pulled out the sweatpants and used his teeth on the price tags to remove them. “I’m gonna change and get to bed. We can start early tomorrow.” Cas nodded his agreement. Dean made quick work of the changing, brushed his teeth and opened the door to the room. Cas was sitting on the bed with the laptop now, tapping away on the keys. He had taken off the suit jacket that he always wore and even had his tie off. Dean paused in the doorway before committing to the room again. “So, what’s your plan for while I sleep?” Dean eased away from the doorframe and toward the bed.
"I'm sorry," Sam started. "I guess we hoped that you could just fix his vessel. We didn't know if it was possible, but we hoped."
“It might make your trip to Hastings an overnighter but it won’t be the end of the world. Plus, you’ll get some sleep. Sam said you hadn’t slept straight through the night for over a week.”
“So you two just wanted to get us back together, so you devised a whole contract, band, and tour?” Dean asked.
Cas seemed to know this. Last night when Dean tried to get up, Cas set a firm palm against his chest and pushed him back into bed. “No, you sleep.” The words had been whispered, but they were strong and not to be countered. Dean closed his eyes again and slept. He felt refreshed now.
“I’ll help.” Bobby got up. “Hey, Cas, you want to take little Brie. We could get them both situated while we’re in there. It’s quite a bit past their bedtimes.”
Cas stiffened up a little. Dean’s arms loosened like he was going to release him. Cas settled a hand on top of Dean’s, so he stayed. Dean let out a little shuddering breath. “The thought had crossed my mind. I’m not helping. I’m making things worse, even for Sam.”
Dean stayed that way for a moment more, just breathing him in. Then he got his arm back in place and lifted him again. The weight of him, it was the weight of all the world in his arms. Dean took two stumbling steps toward the house before he could really steel himself against the emotions that threatened to topple him again.
His hands roamed, and the moment grew warm and exciting. He moved Cas to the bed. Cas spun around in his arms and then gave him a push back to the mattress. “You know what you want,” Cas asked.
Sam got them a case in Utah. The drive through the park lands pulled Cas from the deep pit of wallowing he was in. The stunning reds and the high mountain ranges were awe inspiring even for an angel that had passed through universes. As they drove through the Canyonlands National Park, Cas said, “It is beautiful here.”
“Next stop is the room across the hall. That's where the rest of Castiel's band is.” Sam looked around and asked, “Speaking of, where is Castiel?”
"No, Sam will be missing us," Cas said. Plus the thought of Dean with some other woman even if it was him, just upset him in this moment. Dean didn't say anymore after that, but Cas could see the way Dean’s body seemed to sink in on itself.
“This is a good spot. Just enough shade to keep us from burning,” Cas said. He set Ellie and the carseat under the pop-up umbrella, and adjusted the little hood over her seat. Dean did the same and then took a seat on the giant blanket that was spread out on the sand.
Sam came into the room with Phobos and Deimos. Cas followed him in. Rebekah was following them. They covered the body before the kids were brought in from where they were playing with Dean and the others. Sam let the boy's hands go and turned to Rebekah.
“It was God, supposedly. The last time it was a combination of Jack and the cosmic entity that held him in the Empty.”
“No, you’ve been great. Thanks so much Becky.” Dean strolled away with a level of confidence he hadn’t felt in some time. As he approached the elevator, the feeling ebbed a little.
Kali nodded. “Then this should be easy enough.” She lifted her hands, and the boys did the same. With a mighty battle cry, she sent forth the fire. The three of them were a force to be reckoned with. The Empty did not block them. He absorbed the blow and seemed to suffer from it. “More,” Kali said.
He still wouldn’t look at Cas. “Yeah. I thought you’d both made a connection that was more of a private thing. I was sort of a third wheel so to speak.”
Rebekah’s mouth fell open and words actually tumbled out. “I can tell you about the shadow girl.” Her hands snapped up to her mouth. “I can tell you about how she came to be,” she spoke past her fingers.
The Vanity Fair after party was the place to see and be seen. Cas considered changing up the order of the parties that they'd attend, but then he'd have to explain himself. He wasn't ready for that. Winchester won the Grammy for best song. Fallen took best album. All in all, it should have been a good night.
“Bad,” Castiel interrupted. Dean nodded. “Yeah, I couldn't see it. Picking you made sense. Crowley told me not to. I hate being told what to do. I'm not a fucking tool.”
Dean grinned and nodded. Then he said, “I think those two have been circling each other for awhile now. Love's a funny thing.”
“Especially in rehab. He kinda reset his worldview in there. He ended things with Ruby after he entered rehab, and frankly I think he needs even more friends now to help fill the gap.”
“Endings are hard.” Castiel sat back down and started playing a soft song. “Like this one starts off fine,” Castiel said as he started slowly amping up the pace. He started singing about some guy he was going to kill. It was one of his creepy, rager pieces.
Dean turned a little more in the seat and had his knee pulled up into the space between them. He settled his arm on the back of the seat and waited. When Cas finally spoke, it was in a quiet graveled tone. “The cosmic being that controls the Empty,” he started and paused to swallow.
Because of that, Dean and Cas could only really poke around at night. Even then, it was a risk. Dean wondered if it even really mattered whether or not they took care of this particular spirit. It hadn’t killed anyone. It had just been a nuisance. How this case even landed on Sam’s radar was a bit of a mystery. Dean didn’t want to give up just yet though. It would feel like a waste to just wander the cemetery and then go home.
Dean noticed his heart wasn't beating right. The camera was drawing closer and closer to Castiel. Then the singing began. It was a quiet breath of words. The volume increasing only slightly with each verse. But by the end, by the end…
He straightened out his hair in the mirror and gave himself another once over. There was a knock on the door. Dean went to it. “That was fast,” he said as he opened it. Ruby and Sam stood on the other side.
“We don’t know. They showed up not long after the phenomenon appeared. Kevin, I mean Dr. Tran, thinks that they are separate things,” Gabriel said as he circled the black swirls with a laser pointer for the rest to note.
“Nah, just the normal studio time with the band. We’re working on a new thing. I’ll play it for you next weekend if all goes well.”
“You just have a lot going on in your head right now. But yeah, you did a little.” Cas laughed and added, “I was like that in the beginning too. If it weren't for Anna and Uriel, I don't know who I'd be right now.”
They learned a lot about each other on those late nights, so much so that Dean found himself longing for Cas’ return a bit more than he thought reasonable.
When Jack had blasted them back into the wall, for one small moment, Dean had thought that maybe it had all been a dream, a nightmare. He could just shake his head, wake up, and Cas would be there–Mary and Crowley too. It was real though, too startlingly real.
“Maybe we can do a locator spell. It would be different from what we’ve done before to find humans, but I think it’s worth a shot.”
Cas came out from behind the bag. He stood in front of Dean until he looked up at him. "So you're working out at 3 am because you think you aren't attractive anymore?" Cas just ignored the whole bit about strength and age. That doesn't have to be fixed at 3 am.
Castiel was stepping into Dean's space and Dean was retreating. There was something powerful in the way Cas approached him. “Worth a shot.”
It was a bit to unpackage. Dean stayed up out at the war room table until pretty late. The others gradually drifted off to other parts of the bunker. The children were more subdued for most of the day, as if Rebekah’s story was their story too. They went to their rooms at the end of the night as if they’d fought battles and maybe lost. Sam stayed close to Rebekah, giving her what comfort he could.
Castiel sat alone in the studio. It was 8:15, and Dean was not there. He was trying to be patient. It was eating away at him. He jotted down some thoughts in his notebook.
He got up moved back into the house and climbed the stairs. Cas was still sleeping, limbs everywhere. The space next to him looked inviting.
Sam's gaze dropped to their hands. “What do you mean?” Sam asked. He was grinning though, and Cas thought that maybe Sam knew exactly what it meant.
“I think we should drink copious amounts of alcohol.” He stepped toward Dean. “What do you have to drink?”
Cas considered poking at Dean’s thoughts, but didn’t. “I don’t think that finding a place to pass the time in like Ramiel did would suit me. I’m not interested in fishing, or taking up pointless hobbies. I like doing what you do. It is more fulfilling.”
Getting Dean back to the airship had been difficult, but as Sam said countless times, it was not nearly as difficult as keeping a partially healed Dean in bed during his recovery. Once he even thought he had recovered a little, Dean was champing at the bit to wander around the ship and even outside.
“No offence to Claire, Jody, but she didn’t ever strike me as a baby loving gal.” Dean pulled over feeling the need to really focus on this plan or maybe turn around.
“No, you were not. You were tolerated.” He stood. “That ends now. It has been rumored that you died. Those rumors seemed to have been inaccurate, or you are a devil come back to do us harm.”
Castiel pulled out his phone and called Dean. It was barely 6:00 am. Dean would not be awake. The phone went to voicemail just like he’d hoped it would. “Hello, Dean. This is Castiel. I’m not going into the studio today. I think I need a change of scenery. I’m going to work at home out of my studio.” He pulled the phone back from his ear and stared at it like he was considering saying more. Instead, he just hung up.
The elevator arrived at Castiel's floor and Dean stepped out. The doors closed behind him, and Dean considered just turning right back around.
Dean stretched, and his back popped. It drew Castiel’s eyes to him. They were close, and now Dean had pulled the age-old stretch and place move. His arm was resting behind Cas’ shoulders.
“Clothing be damned then.” Castiel moved faster. Clothing littered the floor as Castiel pushed Dean down to the couch. Castiel knelt over Dean, and for a moment he just looked down at Dean. They kissed on the couch and Cas kept in grinding down into Dean's lap. Eventually Cas pulled Dean up and led him off to the bedroom. They moved together to the bed, where Cas said him down gently. Dean liked the scrape of Cas’ nails on his back after that, the raw feel of him against him. “Have you done this before?” Castiel leaned back to look at him for more than his words.
The first day got them to the cemetery. They walked over most of it. Dean noticed that Cas was keeping a bit of distance between them. A few minutes into their walk, and Cas said, “I’m going to check the west side. You check the east. We’ll meet in the middle.”
“I love you.” Cas said it again instead of addressing what Dean had said. “What you feel, all of it, it’s all beautiful to me.” He stepped back from Dean for a moment, and Dean felt the cold absence immediately. “I want to do something, but I need your permission.”
Dean pulled his hand back and then raked back his hair. It was getting a little longer than he wanted. “Not sure where to start. What makes you think he wants to stay?”
Dean took a few tentative steps toward the house. He felt Cas’ head roll into his chest. He looked down, despite his earlier determination to not look, to just do this one last thing for Cas without falling apart. Cas’ feather soft hair fluttered in the little breeze that was blowing across the lake. Dean felt the air shake through him, the freezing of his limbs in mid-step at the look of Cas, so peaceful, so incredibly peaceful.
“No, you drove Gerald’s old truck. Your car is at the shop. You said, that you just needed a space to do the repairs, and Gerald said you could use his shop. He offered the truck when you seemed like you’d be here awhile.” Sam reached out to him and gave his arm a squeeze while Old Mo, shared the very unfamiliar details.
“Guy practically lives out there with Kevin,” Dean said around a mouthful of eggs. “Can’t see what all he’s gonna find out there that he hasn’t already found.”
“Nice shirt.” Good one. Seriously, I’m an exceptional flirt. I never had this much trouble. Fuck words. Fuck them square in the ass.
Their driver announced their arrival. Michael was already stumbling off the bus. Dean said he'd get Sam and Ruby.
He turned back to me. His eyes were locked on mine, and he looked once again, cute. It amazed me how fast he could go from smoulder city to adorable dad. I needed to make this happen. Effort, Dean Winchester. Make it! “I’m hosting Christmas dinner this year at my place.” I actually pointed at my window, like he didn’t already know where my place was.
“Look at the trail it’s leaving behind.” Old Mo waved a hand at it, and Dean looked at the tail end of it.
“We’re too young for that.” Castiel stepped into his space, and he began helping Dean finish undressing. “If you want to keep anything on, just say so.”
They ended. The silence felt off. He didn’t want to speak though. It felt like it would break the spell. He wanted to forget that there were a whole bunch of stupid years that stood in between them. Dean spoke, and the moment ended. “We should do more of that. Do you always play the lead?”
“Sam said that Silas gave him coordinates. He said that the location isn’t on the map because the people in Cora are isolationists. They’ve been living as a community kind of off the grid. Sam believed him, but I just have a hard time believing that any place could be so invisible without some sort of supernatural interference.”
Cas dropped to the platform. Dean knew he was strapping in his guitar. As many times as they practiced this bit, it still made Dean nervous watching the platform drop away. Cas was suspended in the air. The projected wings crumbled on the screen behind Cas. His body spun a little as he was suspended. Dean played out the end of the song, all slow like it was at the beginning, yet somehow it didn't sound as lonely.
Castiel licked his lips and thought about how a drink would really help him at the moment. He took the notebook from Bobby and looked at the address. It wasn't far from the studio. There was a word under the address.
“Well, given what we experienced before, I wouldn’t put it past some shadowy underground government agency to have a hand in this,” Dean offered up with a glance at the rearview mirror. Cas looked like he was absolutely invested in his reading now and just hummed out acknowledgement for Dean’s words. Dean continued, “What if the entity causing the problems in Cora is making the articles disappear?”
They spent too much time watching students work. Dean didn’t seem like he had any intention of leaving or even drinking the water Cas brought him. He was transfixed. Eventually though, Cas mentioned lunch, and Dean’s stomach grumbled out a corresponding complaint. They headed out to the quad again and found the commons area with all of its food offerings. It was actually more like dinner time than lunch, but they hadn’t exactly taken the time for that meal.
Cas laughed a little. “Of course they’ll be okay. Sam kills monsters, and Jack is a nephilim. What can two babies do to either of them?”
Dean looked away. “Nah, he gave me too much credit sometimes. I threw some lyrics at him when he was stuck. I riffed some, and that made it into some final drafts. Mostly, I just let him take the lead. It’s why I haven’t written anything fully since…” Dean just let the sentence sit there.
Cas looked down at his body. “You are correct.” He followed Clark into the restaurant, which was thankfully empty. They went into the back and got a uniform before heading to the bathroom. Cas pulled on the pants and the shirt and looked at himself in the bathroom mirror. The uniform was tight, but it would do. The clothes were pirate themed.
Dean was in the garage for some minutes before Cas joined him. Samuel was now sleeping comfortably in his Baby Bjorn, having apparently kicked Cas enough for one day. “Betrayal,” Dean said as he pointed a finger at Cas.
Dean was shaking. “Shit, get back over here. I'm freezing again.” It was more than that. Castiel pulled him into his arms anyway. Maybe he believed it was cold.
“What's up with you?” Dean stalked back to the counter and drank down the last of the whiskey. “You basically said you didn't want this” Dean waggled his fingers between them. “Now you're here, drinking my whiskey and telling me that I signed a damn contract like I wasn't totally there for that shitshow.”
He took Cas to the dining room. There was a lone table. He laid Cas out on it, straightened his body with military precision. There was a chair at the head of the table. Dean fell into the seat. He scrubbed his hands up over his face, pressing his palms into his eyes.
“I’ve come to read from one of your books.” Her tone was confident. Her eyes never left his. She considered utilizing some spell or another to get her way. He hadn’t threatened her though.
“Just got the idea today. Shoulda done this Saturday too.” Dean tipped back and dipped his head under. He looked like a Greek god coming up out of the water. “Made the mistake of going out with Michael on Friday. We drank way too much.”
Kevin honestly couldn't have cared less. In fact he said something to the effect of, “I thought you two were a thing. That much staring always means that someone's getting laid.”
“Yeah, we've met a few times. She can drink me under the table.” Castiel smiled and took a bite of his steak.
“I'm gay, and you made that okay. I spent my whole life feeling like I was worthless, being told that to my face, but if you could be like me even a little, maybe I wasn't worthless. You know what I mean?”
Castiel remembered what it was like to be out in high school, to decide for himself that it was the best way. He knew what it meant for Dean that he wasn't there yet, a man of around thirty and still firmly in the closet.
“I'm done sleeping with him, so there's plenty of boundaries.” Cas got up too suddenly and nearly knocked over the chair. He went to the window to look out at the city. “He isn't ready for a relationship, and Lord knows I'm too old for hookups.”
Dean was at every party. There was no escaping him. After all, they had planned their schedules together. As the evening progressed it was becoming increasingly clear that Dean was more than a little drunk.
Cas squeezed his eyes shut tighter, like he was fighting the urge to just open them a little. He lost the fight. Dean watched as Cas opened his eyes. For a time they just stared at each other. They both knew they were caught, so why bother trying to hide the fact. Sam’s breathing at Dean’s back was smooth and peaceful.
They sat across from each other with food laid out on the sticky formica table. Cas made a showing of picking at the french fries on his plate. He mostly stared out the window, like he was looking for something. “You okay?” Dean asked as he swapped their plates. Nothing wrong with eating two burgers. Cas smiled a little.
“I’m nothing important, just a girl.” She mirrored his pacing. They formed a circular path facing each other.
“Maybe we should have Doc take a look at you. Maybe you got a concussion too, like your friend up there.” Old Mo settled a hand on Dean’s arm and gave him a little tug toward the street.
“You've been keeping some secrets,” Sam said with a smile. He looked at Cas then and asked, “So you two? How long?”
Gabriel had allowed the video to silently play out behind him as he explained. He jumped ahead a little to the event. Cas noticed that the probes were still extended and likely broadcasting the details of what was about to happen to the Calliope. Black swirls stretched out from the phenomenon and began wrapping around the Impala just as they had before with Sam’s pod. The light grew bright, and then the whole ship was gone. Cas focused on the light this time though. And through it he saw what Dean saw. There was a planet, maybe. It was too fast, too obscured by the light.
Rebekah was quiet, but she looked like she really wanted to share. Dean remembered the day that she showed the scene with the skyscrapers in the hall. He moved to Cas’ side and said, “Maybe you could just tell us about the shadow girl that climbed down from the skyscrapers.”
Rowena choose to speak then, "I wonder why it was that he set all of this in motion then." Kali leveled her gaze on Rowena, but Rowena did not let the gaze intimidate her. She continued, "Why set up spells that would bring all of his children together? Why set up a situation that would inevitably bring you here? Certainly, he thought that you could help in some way, but we're missing it. Can you help?"
“A full year. We should have New Year’s more often.” Castiel ended with a short little laugh. They took seats and she asked him about his year, his newest album, the band, the usual media fodder. She dipped into his dating life, and she was kind enough not to gender his potential partners. He respected her more for that. He was quick to tell her that he was still sadly single.
Somehow it worked, and it maybe even saved them. They graduated and went off to their separate colleges, but every break and every summer they came back together. Fame came slowly. They had a few small gigs here and there, then more, then constant bookings. At a local festival, they met Crowley.
Rowena tended to her flocks and then roamed the woods. She checked her borders to see that they weren’t disturbed. She ended her patrol at the banishing sigil. She took a seat on a smooth stone near the base of the tree and ran her fingers over the bark. She considered activating the sigil, banishing any would-be angel that might be in the woods. It would prevent others from troubling her.
“Only for the last three years. It’s an easy gig, and the pay is good.” Castiel tipped back the little bit of beer remaining in his bottle.
“Then, the way should be clear for you.” She hummed a little, and Dean felt warm and comforted. “You just follow your heart here. You let yourself be loved, and don't let any of that past junk stand in the way of your happiness. I want you to be happy, Dean. Lord knows it's been a long time since you've been able to hold onto that feeling.”
The days passed, and Dean grew restless. Michael called and they went out one night. It felt weird though, like Michael was hitting on him or something. He declared that he was still exhausted and got out early.
Kali and her boys moved to the other end of the orb. “Can you open another breach? We will need to get past his defences against the children.”
“Is that a challenge?” Sam looked like he was ready to prove Dean every kind of wrong, and Dean felt the worry wash over him as he considered the many foo-foo dogs Sam could maybe order online. “You do know that I can order anything online, right?”
It was not a place for children. It was a place filled with energy and money and, beneath the surface of it all, violence the likes of which most would never expect. It was in this modern temple to the gods that a child came to be.
Castiel got his own guitar out and hooked it up to the amp. Dean was still enjoying his random playing. “We gonna really do this?” Castiel asked, smiling over at him.
He went into the building. It was like being on autopilot. He got into the elevator. The security guard that stood by the panel of numbers asked what floor he was going to.
“You love it.” Dean hung off the edge of the big yellow float. Cas swam over to the opposite side. They stared at each other across the space. Castiel’s heart was hammering in his chest from the playing before. Occasionally, he would feel the brush of Dean’s leg under the water. “Do you have an early morning tomorrow?”
“You know what I mean, Cas.” Dean did look up then. Something about him seemed a little wrecked. Castiel felt a sudden wash of guilt run over him. He’d been sending mixed signals all along.
"Couldn't sleep. Might as well be productive," Dean replied without turning to meet his gaze. He kept hitting the bag. Cas moved to the other side and held the bag in place for him. Dean stopped hitting it.
Dean huffed out a long loud breath of air and tipped his head back against the seat. Cas responded for him, “We’ll take care of it Sheriff Mills. Send us the details on Dean’s phone.”
Cas gazed down at him in shock. “Maybe I'm a man, and maybe I'm a lonely man, but you make me understand.” Dean sang the verse and lifted the now opened box for Cas to see. The ring was silver. It caught the spotlight. It wasn't pretentious or jewel encrusted. It was simple, and exactly what he thought Cas would like. Sam had assured him that it was perfect.
“Maybe. Anyway, when Sam gets out, he's gonna wanna join up with me again, get the band back up and running. Bobby made it clear that he can't be in the life, too many temptations. He needs to really break away.”
Dean said, "They stayed in infancy until very recently. I think it's been a very confusing time for them."
A little POV shifting in this one. We start with Sam and then go back to Dean. Hope you all don't mind the shorter installment.
Dean’s movements were becoming erratic. Cas squeezed his legs around him, and held him as he moved. It was something perfect, nearly, something like paradise. He could carry this with him. This night, them together, it could get him through the million other nights that he might never get this for himself again. “Dean, Dean, Dean.” It was still everything, the only word. Then Dean came and Cas found another word. “You’re mine, always mine.” Dean slumped down to him, let himself be held. Cas pressed kisses into his collarbone, his neck, his jawline, anywhere his lips could reach. Dean for his part just let his hands stroke slow lines of affection up and down Cas’ arms.
“Yeah.” Dean stared straight out the window. Cas turned his gaze there too. “I feel like you’re just seconds away from bolting.”
Dean ignored the question, pulling over the rolling chair and took a seat. His sturdy legs bowed out in front of him. He leaned and braced his arms on his thighs, clasping his hands in front of him. Then he spoke. “How long were you going to make me stand out there, Cas?”
“Yeah, my arm was going dead,” he needlessly explained. Cas slid the laptop over a little more so that it now rested half on his lap and half on Dean’s. As he did so, he also settled his right arm around Dean’s back, a mirror of Dean’s posture. Dean looked at him a moment and Cas looked back. “Better?”
With too much time to think, Dean changed into a pair of board shorts and a loose tank top and got into his car. He headed for the desert, to Cas’ home. He figured if he couldn't hang with the guy, at least he could hang in his spaces. It didn't feel strange. Somehow it felt all kinds of right.
“Thanks,” Uriel said. Dean was leaning against one of the seats. He wondered if he should sit, but then Uriel interrupted that thought. “You find Castiel yet?”
Sam laughed, “Like hell you have.” He laughed some more. “There’s so much tension rolling around you two that I could cut it with a knife. He watches you while you sleep, and it’s not like he’s doing it just to make sure you keep breathing either. He’s lost on ya.”
Cas glanced at him, then turned his hand. He curled his fingers into Dean’s palm, and just kept right on walking. Dean had a tiny panic. This was new. This was not what they did. He could question it, send it all packing. He could shut up. He went with plan B and let his hand quietly sweat in Cas’ hand.
It bothered Dean. It really did, but he was too chicken-shit to do a damn thing about it. So instead, he stuffed the underwear in his pocket and left.
Castiel's room was one floor above theirs. The security guard at the elevators let him pass and punched in the number when Dean said it. He was operating on autopilot. He wasn't even going to stop off at his own room first, too afraid that he'd talk himself out of seeing Cas.
“I might have to take you up on that,” he said with a wink, that he hoped added the extra air of humor to the whole moment. They moved on to other talks. In the end it wasn’t so painful, and it was far better than the other two interviews that came after. They were both so canned that it might have been possible to record last year’s responses to just play back. He thought that he might suggest that for next year.
“I have to get back to Eileen. I might be able to work something out that’ll get me back, but it’ll have to be with her.” Sam was running his fork around his plate in swirls.
He sat up and felt how much Dean wanted this. Cas moved and felt Dean slide inside of him. Gwen was pleased if the running monologue in his head was any indication. Dean’s hands fell to Cas’ hips as he began moving a little tentatively beneath him. Cas hadn’t said much, but now, that it was all happening he couldn’t stop saying Dean’s name. It was almost like he lost all his other words.
Dean processed that as best he could. “But I drove the Impala today. It’s not damaged.” He looked down the street to try to find it.
Cas came over. He stood at the edge of the bed and looked down at Dean who was smiling up at him. His eyes looked a little sleepy which made sense after the billion hours of driving they’d done. It wasn’t late enough to go to sleep though. “What do you want?”
"As long as we move before he misses Charis, then we should be fine." Castiel didn't know if it was his imagination, but he'd felt the small flutter of his wings moving restlessly.
. You stop at a store to buy nails, and it's there, you get gas, and it's there. It's a conspiracy of DJs."
"Is that your unfinished mix?" Sam asked casually. The one you've been working on forever went unsaid. Sam kept one eye on the tape before looking at the seat that Cas was plastered in, watching the TV that he apparently missed while he was running around in Purgatory.
Ash didn't protest the manhandling and took the passenger seat when they got to the car. The rumble of the Impala soothed nerves that Dean hadn't even known were frayed. It had been a mistake to hide away in the bunker, and he had seen it too late. The first beats of the drums of Zeppelin's
Castiel was alone again, this time, seated on the Throne. He saw the expanse that was Aravoth: nothing and everything at the same time, empty in its infinity. The myriads of rivers were melted and raging; the coffers of the treasury were empty; the End of Days was approaching. Gabriel was beside him, the messenger's horn at the ready. "It's time to call everyone home, brother."
"What have I always wanted, Dean Winchester? The Apocalypse." Lucifer smiled, lifting up a goblet that he'd created and filled it with blood-red wine. "Freedom."
"We'll see tomorrow, won't we?" Castiel folded the paper and kept it in his pocket wishing, not for the first time, that this spell could have been as easy as mixing a couple of hard to find items and then scribbling the solution down somewhere under the full moon. "The necessary steps to our spells have become progressively harder."
"I'm just trying to find something to play a tape with," Castiel says, annoyance lacing his voice as he blows out a tired breath and disturbing the dust that had settled.
Gabriel tutted as he circled his brother to confirm, he shoved a vial of the Polaris Duo at Castiel. It was the same lenses Castiel had been unsuccessfully trying to send to Dean as a gift since he’d finished them. “For luck,” Gabriel explained, then lead him to the car.
—a general term for the Blood; also refers to any female/male who doesn’t wear Jewels but can use Craft.
If Castiel challenges paternity in court, he will not win. Michaela would favor her sister. Michaela should answer to a Territory Queen, the final law of the land, but because of Dorothea’s purge, there is no one else.
Not bothering to argue, Castiel goes towards the Coach, and Dean bundles the distraught nestling and runs.
Gabriel rolled his eyes, brought his fingers to his lips and whistled. It was a piercing sound that cuts through the current discord that was the Song. "We're linking this tree today, and I'm sending Cas up. End of discussion." He turned towards Castiel. "Time to get this show on the road."
Reading prayers from those that he left made Dean feel impotent. Heaven was nice and wonderful up to the point that you realized that while he was lounging around here, there was a fight down
Castiel has also learned to appreciate whatever they give him. If he basks in it, then Lucian doesn’t get as inventive and try to hurt him. If he could pretend to want her as much as she revels in her games with him, then she doesn’t bother with the rest of the pleasure slaves who are more brittle and would break with Lucian’s care.
The mullet head swiped one cog in the watch, activating a hologram that projected the system before. “There’re rides and food vendors who travel,” he answered without looking up. “Those stalls typically only sell there. Contests and animal shows, concerts and fireworks, that type of thing.”
—another name for core, the Self that can tap the power within the Blood. If shattered, the Jewel shatters, and the Blood is broken to either Birthright or completely shattered to basic craft. (See Shattered,  Broken to Birthright)
Castiel gently pushes Dean aside and slides up to his son, adding another layer of wings to his son’s already balled up form. He makes low shushing noises, trying to calm the child.
"Dean, I'm sorry." Dean scrambled up to a standing position, tensing when he saw Charis in the cell with him. She leaned forward slowly, then suddenly latched on to his legs giving him a tight hug. "I didn't think he'd bring you to Raki'a. "
Castiel promptly told the driver to stop to let him down, and he’d walked around downtown Caelum aimlessly. He eventually found himself outside of Balthazar’s penthouse after he’d walked for hours.
his siblings. He had no doubt Gabriel was correct in his assessment. It’s why he’s in a car rather than an airship. That and Dean. But he preferred not to examine his poor life choices too closely.
—a Jeweled male equal in status to a Priestess or a Healer; Also a formal address used for both Princes and Warlord Princes. It does not necessarily mean that he rules a particular area or territory.
He could almost hear another eye roll from Ash. "We'll go talk to the Elders. You did manage to remember
“Hey, Cassie, they’ll start the party at the communal eyrie soon,” Balthazar reminds them as he takes the glasses and gathers Jack into his arms.
Dad shook his head, acknowledging the evasion for what it was. “I should think so. It’s been playing on air whenever we pass a store or someone messes with the Impala’s radio.”
Untying the key from his neck, Dean brought it forward to the double doors. The doors were made of solid brass inlaid with beaten bronze stars framed by geometric patterns set in a massive white marble frame. At the center, two keyholes for the double-shafted key easily drew the eye with their elaborate carvings.
The courtyard was not as grand as the interior. It had a central fountain, and the intricately colored tiles on the floor were softer in the half-light. It was almost peaceful here. Even the music that came from the orchestra was muted.
It rankles on Dean’s nerves that Lucian’s Master of the Guard talks down to Castiel like that. Dean also worries over what Alastair might have heard. There is nothing wrong with him leaving Michaela’s services. He isn’t bound to her yet, and Alfie isn’t either. Castiel is another matter altogether.
"Is it a mnemosyne?" Bobby asked. Dean took the weapon from the wall and brought it back to Bobby so they could both look it over. Dean waited for Bobby to explain that because Dean had never heard of a mnemosyne before. "Some souls make 'em when they build their heavens. There are some memories we lock away. Sometimes we forget memories more than once. A mnemosyne is a clue, so we remember."
At least Becky's obsession with the series had given him something useful. She'd inadvertently helped by uploading all the books, even the unpublished ones, making it available to Ysa. One more reason not to find out what
There was a soft laugh from the man despite the fact that already he was returning into a flame. It reminded Dean of Cas' transition between vessels, from Claire back to Jimmy.
With that playful jibe, Balthazar shakes his head and leaves them to attend the communal eyrie’s Winsol festivities.
Goddamned Sam and his meddling. That’s why his baby brother had been insistent that the wedding be held in LA, that Dean come during
He reached over to one of the books scattered on the table, left after a frustrating day of research and opened it to one of the marked pages.
“Too many engine-powered machines and city lights,” Castiel acknowledged, and Dean must have not realized he was close because he shuddered slightly, his eyes closing at the words.
Balthazar’s assessment rings true, and it’s all the more intriguing. Castiel has never been given to someone who’s refused his services. But it is also a welcome break, especially since Jack’s Birthright Ceremony is fast approaching.
The next memory found Castiel sitting down together in the middle of Bison Bud's Bar, with the Challenger's number fifteen jersey hanging on the wall, beer bottles on the table and pool tables surrounding them.
Castiel’s joy at the words shone through his eyes. And those Dean had definitely not forgotten. Brighter than the aquacasite, they mined in the Ark and the deepest blue of a tropical ocean. He could still get lost in them, waiting for a question that he still didn’t know the answer to.
That earned him a glare. “Of course not! But if you… John, if it’s true. We’ve wasted all these years for nothing.”
That got his hackles up. Gabriel was judging him for trying to protect himself. Dean shouldn’t care—he didn’t know the guy—but Gabriel already made tons of assumptions, and Dean was far too stubborn to prove a total stranger correct. Dean made an about-face and marched wherever Balthazar guided him.
—an outward representation of the power wielded by members of the Blood. They act as a container for the reservoir of power possessed by the Blood. Not all members of the Blood have enough psychic power to receive one.
There was nothing in Dalhart, Texas, but the all-day drive had been tiring. They decided that it was a good rest stop for now. The people were friendly to the point Castiel became paranoid about their smiles. One time he sidled closer to Dean and whispered, “I think they recognize me here. Everyone is beaming at me and asking ‘how do you do?’”
In the space between wakefulness and fully asleep, Cas heard Sam say, “I think Castiel has a point, don’t you? We work better together.”
Michaela ringed him before he Offered to the Darkness, he remembers. And if he forced it or didn’t offer in a full ceremony, he’d never get his full strength—“You’re a Red?”
Dean touched Manny’s elbow, so he could catch the man’s eye. “You good for a room? We could have a spare bed if you want.”
“Isn’t it, though?” Hannah makes a face as she pinches a piece of bread and rubs it across her fingers. “The wine was spectacular.”
The brothers looked at him in shock as Cas observed the dying embers, the smell of gunpowder already starting to saturate the air. “What d’you mean? We’re just setting off some rockets,” Dean protested.
Dean thought, bewildered. It was Mom who got him away from Stava. He was so confused that he barely even noticed that they were talking about
“Good job!” Dean says through the last bites of his meal, giving Jack a thumbs up. Sam is mildly horrified, an accusatory look painted across his face directed at Dean. “What?”
Hannah had approached Castiel again about leading them, but Castiel had declined. Gabriel was an archangel, and Castiel had only ever wanted to be malakh. That was enough.
It’s how Castiel found himself alone with Dean in the bunker’s shower room. Sam and Jack had trailed in initially, but Dean had gotten so tense with the audience, that Castiel had suggested mildly for them to see the recent episodes of NatGeo.
After decimating more than half of the ice cream and realizing that he probably spoiled himself for dinner, Castiel noticed that Kevin was giving him a worried look. One he'd often associated with people and pity. "Cas, you do realize that there are people you could ask for help, right?"
Cas' grace slowly dwindled after the angels were expelled from Heaven. He was an angel and coping with humanity badly. But his state worsened drastically after Rowena's attack dog spell. Dean played
The elders warned the children. Still, youngsters, as was their nature, would not heed the warnings and play there. They tested the limits of the woodlands around their little village, Chesterford. Their grieving mothers came to the barony of Silver Ash Covert, held by the House of Winchester, who protected their land. They petitioned help from the Order of the Hunters or the Men of Letters, and the barony dutifully sent out a search party, only to return empty-handed. What their wolf had gobbled down, did not turn back up.
Castiel presses a kiss on Dean’s forehead before he gets up to get a clean washcloth and wipe Dean down. Dean whimpers from the oversensitivity but burrows deeper into the bed, already half asleep.
There were more than a dozen workers on the deck. Cadets and engineers scrambled with pneumatic tubes while they built the Winchester engines. The clanging of metal against metal drowned out Dean’s thoughts as the daily grind of building another steam engine for Gehenna continued. Standing high on the bridge wing allowed him to keep an eye on the construction.
The next eye-roll is very deliberately done. Dean laughs while clutching his arm, trying to stabilize his shoulder. He winces when the laughter jars it too much.
He shifted Sam to make room for himself on the bed, sitting on the edge. “You know Dad does this to save all the other kids so they have homes to return to and get to ask for ponies for Christmas.”
But Sam still owed Dean for the way he woke him up onboard the NISC Twelve. Sam tiptoed to his bed, grabbed a pillow then threw it at Dean. His brother snorted and shot up with a slurred “wha—?” before Dean finished his word, Sam heaved another pillow at his face.
“Jack speaks very highly of you.” Lady Lucian pauses as she angles her foot down and leans back. Castiel slips the new boots on lacing up and buckling until midthigh while she holds his shoulder with one hand and his wrist in the other. Jack is biting his lip in his seat, his eyes on his mother. “Have you considered my court instead? You can serve as First Escort while you’re still… youthful.”
“We haven’t had a complete Michaelmas in centuries,” Raphael pointed out motioning to the angels who were already mingling with the souls that had been invited for the ceremonies as well as the other angels who were present. “Not since the fracturing of the World Tree that created the circles of Heaven.”
. Dean shrugged, it was a perfect reflection of his mood since he'd just had his last-night-on-Earth-speech rejected. Seriously, who does that?
Castiel smiled at Kevin ruefully. "You are a prophet, Kevin. You should realize that we are missing a prophecy. 'And lo, when the last soul has descended, and the
There's a song Dean plays after bad hunts, he plays it on repeat with the stereo on so loud so that he can't hear himself think as he beats himself up continuously.
Kevin frowned because they usually didn't talk much about angels. There was never really an occasion for it, but Castiel also believed that Kevin wanted to spare him the painful memories. "You know I never knew how the entire garrison worked exactly."
"That's what makes taking my grace back easier. They need me right now, and it would be a great disservice if I cannot give them the most that I can be," Castiel said in the quiet tones of conviction, ignoring his brother's last comment. "This fight with Metatron, the angels locked away from Heaven… this isn't even the Winchester's fight, it's ours. They've taken the burden on their shoulders because it's what they do, but I have the opportunity to change that."
Somehow she’d gotten him and Sam an introduction as crew in a freighter ship out of Caelum. The letter announced that they were boarding the NISC Twelve, and Dean knew it was Benny Lafitte who captained it. His mom seemed ready, in case something like this happened, and she must have cashed in on a few favors to get them that ride.
Castiel walked around the purple aisles. He gawked at the colorful boxes with depictions of starbursts. In Caelum concessionaires sold fireworks in stalls, and with fewer selections. He didn’t know what exactly ‘Red, White, and Boom’ looked like or what the ‘Battle of Saratoga’ had to do with anything.
. I kept flashing back to their sweetness during the ACL festival and couldn’t help but channel them onto Dean and Cas.
Because of Castiel's all-too-human eyes, he could not gaze at a seraph's grace without going blind. But looking away from a seraph was certainly something that Castiel wouldn't stand for, especially since it was most probably a power play on Nathaniel's part. And one certainly did not want to look weak in front of an angel from whom one needed information. He settled on looking at the middle of the commander's forehead, which would have to do in terms of dominance games.
"Cas, seriously, after this? Major couch potato time. We'll call Sam," Kevin said sternly. Castiel and Kevin had told Sam about their field trip to Gabriel's tree earlier that day. Sam had wanted to drive out, but the prophet and the former angel had discouraged him since they were simply waiting. Sam could better spend his time back in Lebanon working on the life that he's attempting to build. "Let's bend Sam's arm backward and threaten him until he introduces Charlie and geek out on… I dunno,
Despite keeping busy with Baby, thoughts about his failure on finding the witch still press on his mind. The horse nickers softly, sensing his distress, and he nuzzles her nose in affection.
Dean smirked but bent down to get out his clothes for the day, and absentmindedly reminded himself that they were running low on underwear.
Sam nodded, so Castiel stood up to find the rice cooker that they had managed to stash somewhere in the common room. Sam thankfully let Castiel end the conversation at that.
There was even one perfect moment where the wind blew softly. It ruffled all the surrounding leaves in a whispering symphony. The sun’s dying rays lit random spots from between the thick branches of the forest. But the beauty faded into insignificance as Dean observed Castiel.
Castiel snorts at the answer leaving the pool by heaving himself up with his forearms, his wings counterbalancing the movements. Dean follows suit but paces in agitation.
“I’ll send you the tickets via your NovaBox, darling. Expect it tonight. Wire me all of your other paperwork ASAP. We usually need to file those three weeks before, but if I can’t cater to the owner, how will I keep my job?”
Dean didn’t know how advanced Jack’s lessons in Craft are. The boy could get stuck in the middle! At his age, he should still be passing inanimate objects through other objects instead of this panic-inducing clusterfuck.
Castiel shakes his head. "We're reclusive here in the Eyrie. Besides, do you imagine that they'll brave the woods and then the mountains to seek an audience? They'd have probably died a quarter of the way into their quest. I'll see what I can do to alleviate your…
Dean's heaven had created his perfect life-after-hunting scenario: a lake house in the middle of nowhere that combined doing nothing (like fishing) with pseudo-work (like the bunker and a garage—because there was no way in hell he was in Heaven without the Impala). The hunter's heaven was connected through his bedroom closet to his heaven's exact replica of the bunker. Apparently, once a hunter, always a hunter.
John lights the black candles around the Altar in the sequence to open the Gate to make the portal as Castiel secures the inner sanctuary with the Gray shields. It wouldn’t hold against a concerted attack, but it would buy them time if they are ambushed.
She ushers them to the formal dining room. Black cloth fills the house, signs of grief not entirely removed, and again Dean feels remorse for the worry he caused his family. Advance word reached the Manor from the Hunters when he and Cas arrived at the border of the town and Silver Ash. It gave the servants time to prepare the room for a simple dinner.
“Don’t be deliberately obtuse. I’m asking you why you’re giving me train tickets to—” Castiel paused impatiently as he scanned the lines before he faltered and continued with, “—Palo Alto.”
It might have taken longer, but at least he knew that he wouldn't be doubling back and that he'd be walking through all the corridors. He hoped that these cells were finite, rather than the third heaven's always expanding bull crap, because otherwise, he'd be stuck there searching until god knows when.
Dean was sure he saw the beginning of a grimace on Manny’s face, but it quickly disappeared. The other man drew back from him as he spoke. An expression that Dean couldn’t identify passed through Manny’s eyes before he sighed. “No, it’s all right. I think I can manage to get myself a room.” Dean didn’t understand why Manny was suddenly acting... standoffish. He looked over to Sam, wondering if his brother had a clue, but Sam was still engrossed in the brochures.
If Castiel didn’t watch himself, he could fall easily for this man. There are very few who would offer a ride out of kindness with nothing in return, and Dean had not judged him for his awkwardness or his inability to fit in with the brothers’ dynamic.
“Hey, how long am I supposed to steep in these stinky herbs?” Dean asks with his thumb tracing the curve of Castiel’s collarbone.
He had followed the stream of sailors disembarking for their shore leave and went through customs without incident, but when he reached the port entrance, he was utterly lost.
"Oh my god, I get the entire human bandwagon okay?" Gabriel huffed, and Castiel understood that Gabriel was thinking the work going to waste. "I completely forgot humans had their hang-ups about these kinds of things that're now completely in
They all gave few notes when their names were called before Donna takes the mic and gestures to their lead, “and let’s not forget Jody!”
Castiel asked Sam about the rooms when they caught each other going to breakfast the next day if he was all right with Dean and him together.
“We’re not going back to the Ark,” Dean said, as he pushed up his sleeves. He needed to get air, and the ever-present scent of beer was not helping.
This is my first ever Destiel fic, my first ever Supernatural fic and my first ever m/m (sorta) fic. So comments and criticisms are always welcome. English is not my first language. Castiel and I share that in some ways, which is why I write Castiel better than I do all-American Dean.
Dean touched Castiel’s elbow lightly to get his attention. “Cas, I’m gonna stick around here. You go commune with the bees or something.”
"There are some things I ain't willing to compromise on, and the Apocalypse is one of them," Dean said, decision firm, arms crossed in his chest and resolute.
or Requiem Æternam which requests for God to grant eternal rest to souls, let perpetual light shine upon them, and let the souls rest in peace. It asks God to bring souls in Purgatory to Heaven.
was just so aptly named for anger drinking. Hearing the bass and the drum beat over and over again was better than the self-doubt and the pounding in his head. Usually, he doused the entire feeling with whiskey and continued to wallow in misery with the bass. He'd picked it up after Cas beat him bloody for attempting to say "yes" to Michael.
revolve around me," Metatron insisted with his fake as ass pout. Goddammit, that face should have never been bestowed to a grown ass man, much less a vessel for an angel. If there were a one to ten scale of pathetic, Metatron would've bordered on a fifteen.
"I had always thought that your death would be insignificant; that I could visit you and it would almost be as it was in life, because I am an angel, and we cross dimensions and time. If I missed you, I could see you here, and if I wanted a moment, I could cheat even that and steal back to 2009 and just relive that until I was called back home. But then there was the Fall, and the Gates locked down. I am
In the corner of the Altar, where the slaves meditate, the remains of last year’s log had been decorated and used as candle holders. It’s festooned with branches from their evergreens and boughs of holly. Castiel floats it to himself and takes a deep breath, taking in the clove, cinnamon, and pine oils that Hannah anointed the new log in.
Having been deprived for so long, Balthazar shivered under the unskilled ministrations. He emitted wounded noises at the oversensitivity and all but howled when Castiel forgot himself. The other slave had relaxed his lips and grazed Balthazar with his teeth. But the safframate didn’t allow Balthazar to soften.
What went through Dean’s meticulous thought process was: two pies? That was awesome! Two pies are better than one pie, even if both of them had blackberries. But Gabriel!  But two pies! To which end he muttered, “I still think angel douches that tried to kill me more than a hundred times don’t deserve pie.”
Castiel pressed a fist to his chest, the only way that he could convey a connection to his grace. There was a slight flicker of recognition in Dean that was gone in a moment. "She's home."
A large piece of me was naive, I suppose. I just couldn’t wait to see Dean Winchester, hands resting comfortably in the pockets of his age-old jacket, with a smile on his face, eyes lit up with the relief of having reconciled with his broken apart family, walk through the front door and order drinks in a happy way. I wanted to serve the happy Dean, the soothed one, the relieved one, because it was the Dean I’d come to know the least and that fact was eating away at my heart the more I thought about it. It was more of a mental exercise to crane my memory and recall what he looked smiling versus what he looked like staring sadly at nothing, waiting for the night to pass.
It was a tall vulture made of thousands of flowers. Old Mo had said that the school’s Ag department had been growing the flowers all year for this. The bird was stunning. The kids marching at the sides of the float had poles affixed to the underside of the wings, and they were raising and lowering them as they walked. Some of the petals of the dyed black flowers fluttered off of the bird and were carried away on the breeze.
“Okay. Well, let us know if you need anything. Claire’s more than ready to jump ship and help you all out. I’m pretty sure she’s not cut out for parenting.” Sam laughed then a voice came through, all muffled. “Stuff it, Sam.”
“He doesn’t and you know it. He’s getting clean and this ain’t no place for a former junkie.” Dean could hear Bobby's sigh even through the door. Dean heard a little thump against the door. He opened it to find Bobby nearly falling into the space. “If he thinks you want that life back, which we both know you do, he’ll get back in. And he’ll be using again in no time.”
Castiel seemed to be studying him. His long fingers played with the label on his beer. The new beers came and the old bottles went. It was funny that they served it in the bottles and not poured into fancy glasses. “I’d have thought that a band like Winchester would be used to fancy digs.”
“I can't hide who I am.” He stared at Dean as if waiting for him to challenge the idea “I can't pretend to be straight.”
She had to cast a quick spell to shoot him back from her. He crashed into the wall. His large body did its fair share of damage. “Now, why do you need to be damaging my home? I did nothing to you.” She stepped toward him as he sat pinned against the wall.
Castiel was helpful with the baby business, and somehow Sam and Jack became the research team. This suited Dean just fine. He never was a fan of research. The physical, actions, that was his area. It wasn’t that he didn’t enjoy a good book or finding useful information. It was that he worried over what he’d miss when rushing through the Library’s many volumes.
“Even your brother hasn't gotten me food. Literally the least you all can do for taking up my space,” Castiel sounded grumpy. He wandered over to the bar and took up residence on the other stool.
“This is going to make us so much money,” Crowley said as he wrapped an arm around Bobby's waist. “Now aren't you glad I got you on board with this?”
“Maybe.” His phone buzzed. Dean and Cas both looked to it. Sam’s name was splashed on it. Dean answered, saying, “Heya Sammy.”
Cas came back to Dean’s side. Dean gently slipped the baby into his arms. Cas said, “Goodnight Mary.” Then he turned to Dean and said, “I’ll see you when you’re done.” With that he walked out of the room with Bobby.
Rowena continued until the final words of the exorcism sent the demon smoke from the body. The body fell to the ground in a heap. She came down to her knees at his side and held her palm over his lips. No breath ghosted from the man’s form. She heaved forth a sigh. “Ah, sorry, dearie. Thought I’d save you at least.”
“Fine.” Sam walked out the door and closed it behind him. He made his way to Jack’s door. There was a faint glow coming from the bottom. Jack didn’t sleep much. Sam pushed the door open with a little knock. Jack glanced up. “Not bugging you am I?”
“Whoa, what was that?” Clark moved back. He clawed at his shirt, lifting it to see the missing injury. “You..”
“Fuck you, Cas.” Dean squirmed a little in his grasp. “Let me go.” Cas didn’t let him go. Instead he moved Dean’s arms so that he could hold both with one hand. He dragged the other hand down Dean’s arm to his chest. He was leaning over Dean a fair bit. Dean’s breathing was coming in shaky gasps. It reminded Cas of that night.
he slipped in and adjusted the pillows. Sam moved off to the bathroom, and Cas was left with the laptop.
“What, you mean Jody? Because I’m sitting like right here. I changed the diapers, so you must be referring to the rest of my wayward clan.” Claire laughed again. “Pretty sure Sam already tried that idea out.” She turned to Sam. “How’d that work out for you?”
Dean sat across from him, and Cas pulled up a seat at Gabriel's side. "No quick fixes here, Gabe. It'll take at least as much time to fix it all as it took to break it." Cas took a deep breath and held it a moment. "You had to know, a little, that this is how it'd be." There was almost a question in his words.
The buzzer for his gate shocked him out of his reminiscence. No one ever came to his home. He walked to the security monitor and looked at the large black car humming away at the gate. Castiel pushed the intercom. “Dean?”
Dean fed the babies and the twins. He planned to head to Sam's room to get him to have breakfast. Rebekah darted into the room just ahead of him and bounced up into Sam's lap.
