"Oh, don't mind me." Ruby said with a nervous chuckle. "I was just practicing my vocal projection. I said shut up!" She lamely repeated with an overly done British accent. "It was one of the lines of this TV series I used to watch."
If she does, then there's no better place for it to happen but the tower full of Avengers who are capable of subduing her. Until then, she'll have a life as normal as possible.
Steve, whose heart clenched at the display of vulnerability, enveloped her hand with both of his. "Hey, you're alright now, sweetheart. You're safe." He soothed as he ran his thumb back in forth her slender fingers hoping that she would find some comfort in that. Tony, on the other hand, opted to stand opposite Ruby. Smile in place to help her be at ease.
Spreading it out and eyeing it for detail, Tony confirmed that this is indeed a blueprint of the facility as it looked very similar to what he had managed to procure just a few minutes ago. One thing he did notice though was that there's a few more storey levels beneath what was supposed to be the ground floor.
Ruby found herself wondering if Natasha has a bipolar attitude.
"Can you call Tony up as well, Fri?" Ruby asked.
They didn’t have time to voice out their opinions because a girl who uncannily looked like Ruby came into view. She was wearing blue ripped jeans and a dark brown leather jacket on top of a stripped white shirt. Dropping her bag onto the floor, she passed through Tony like he was a ghost and lazily dropped her ass on the couch.
Ruby startled when she heard her surname being called out.
He was the freaking Hulk? Ruby wouldn't be able to guess that from his calm demeanour at all. The man is enveloped with a serene aura in the two times she's met him.
“It’s complicated.”
The Voice said in a sympathetic manner, as sincere as she could possibly sound.
With the sun down, they all agreed to call it a day.
Now that Bucky’s already gathered his thoughts, he messaged Natasha and Clint about the situation just to hurry them up. He just came from a HYDRA related mission and Bucky couldn’t really shake the possibility that Ruby got kidnapped by them yet again. After all, it wasn’t even half a year since she got rescued, and from what he gathered from his missions, HYDRA never stopped looking for her. That was one of the maim reasons why he was mostly out of the tower. The Avengers agreed to make a fake trail to loose Ruby’s pursuers and Bucky was more than happy to volunteer for the job. Anything for Ruby’s safety.
Not with actual physical fire, no, but he was using his magic to increase her core temperature. She could see fumes coming off of her skin. Patches of her arms were melting, and blood trickled down everywhere.
The Tower was even more extravagant in person than how Ruby saw it in television. The glow of the Avengers symbol shone even brighter than the city lights. People clad in designer business suits buzzed in and out of the building. Some looking as if they were rushing to catch their train home whereas, others were content on walking slowly while chatting and drinking their coffees. Tony led them towards the private elevator.
Steve was very on board with that decision. Damn it all to hell if he was going to let her be imprisoned yet again, and it wasn't like they could sign her up for foster care either. They had no idea why Hydra wanted her and taking her to the tower would mean that the public would be safe in case she turns out to be hostile.
Steve saw Ruby smirk and the next thing they heard was an explosion.
Bucky just gave him a glare which Clint returned with a wiggle of his eyebrows.
"You calling me fat?"
They were having take - away Chinese food for dinner at the moment. Apparently, Tony broke the stove earlier this afternoon and he couldn't be bothered to fix it today. Clint and Natasha had come back home from California who both had a lot to say about the things they've done together but were still insistent on denying that they were dating. Ruby honestly didn't know why they both glare at anyone who even dare suggest the idea.
“Don’t worry. One thing I know about Ruby is that she’s damn stubborn. Girl wouldn’t back down without a fight.”  He whispered in assurance to which Peter just gave a small smile and a nod.
"You poured a bucket of juice at me!"
"Hey fellas. I confirm that this place is definitely not abandoned." Tony heard Natasha whisper through the earpiece. "I've got some scientists here talking about some kind of project. I'm following them through the vents."
Wanda and Pietro had no choice but to leave. They couldn't use their abilities to force their father because they both knew that it would only prove their father and their neighbours wrong. They were good children. But it became harder and harder for them to believe that. Everywhere they go, their abilities made people uneasy. They've been called names. Devil twins. Children of Satan. Freaks. So they learnt how to hide. For years and years, the twins tried to get by living like normal kids. Only resorting to their abilities when they absolutely had no choice anymore.
That wasn’t exactly why she asked them to do that. Although part of it was, she just didn’t want them nowhere near her when she executes her plan. Despite being able to filter her allies out, Ruby will literally become a time ticking bomb so having them as far away as possible would mean that they wouldn’t absorb as much impact as they would.
Wanda's laugh were replaced by screams of anguish while Pietro silently cried as he held onto his father's leg. 'You're out of control freaks! I will be no father to the likes of you.' The man shouted, pulling both children off of his leg and dragged them outside their house. For days, the children begged to be allowed back in. In their street, the neighbours were scared of them too. Afraid of what they would do, if their father decided not to open the door for them.
Ruby’s eyes widened in horror as numerous portals opened all over the place, spitting out not one, not two, but regiments of demonic hell spawns.
Steve snorted and flicked Tony's forehead in retaliation. He didn't really know what came over Tony today, but boy, was he glad. So he sat himself down in front of the television, scanning through the channels to find a decent show to watch. Not fifteen minutes later, he heard Tony scream and the sharp clatter of metal colliding and falling.
She felt something touch the side of her elbow before she even had the chance to put down her dagger. Being the trained assassin that she was, she swiftly twisted her waist with her armed hand slotting in place beside the man's jugular.
"Stop that. It's no use. The evoracin in your system renders all your abilities useless." Snapped the principal (which she was sure isn't really anymore) when Ruby tried to blast her restraints with her powers. His face was close enough to Ruby's that she could see the faint outline of scars that littered his face.
A few seconds in, Ruby came barging with panic-stricken eyes searching for Steve. Right then, Tony realised just how young the girl was.
So now here she was in a lab room that only had non-combatant scientists who were hiding behind a panic room due to the alarm. She did not hesitate to grenade the entire place. She knew that the girl was imprisoned in a highly reinforced cell so there's no point trying to be careful not to harm civilians. Cap would probably burn this facility two times over anyway.
"You must be Miss Mckenzie Winston." The principal greeted. "Please, have a seat."
"Uh, guys, not being a total kill joy, but I think we should head down now for our detention with Mr O'malley." Ned interjected at the middle of Ruby and Peter's verbal match about how Sam is the greatest hobbit in Lord of the Rings.
"This is so cool!" Ruby exclaimed. She started learning Parkour with her father when she was, Ruby believed, at the age of ten? The memory was quite hazy but she remembered that they never got really deep into the training."Do you mind if I run through the course with you?"
Tony gasped loudly when he saw a brunette woman with an arc reactor at the middle of her chest come into the living room. It was covered underneath the thin layer of her shirt but Tony wouldn’t mistake that glow. This person was him. But as a woman.
Both assassins snapped their necks to the source of the scream. To their amusement, Peter, with still his mask on, was running away from the girl rescued from the hydra facility a week ago. Apparently, her trauma was triggered after spending time with Tony and Steve in a theme park so they didn't really had the chance to meet her properly.
They heard a panicked knock and Tony looked to see Peter in his suit hanging beside the windowpane. He moved towards the window to let the kid in. As soon as Peter stepped inside, he took his mask off which revealed a guilt – stricken face and a tear eyed expression.
Ruby immediately let go of the hem of her flimsy dress. She wanted to say that it really didn't bother to change in front of them. After all, the material of her dress was so poor that it might as well be see through. But Mr. Stark was already helping her stand and walk her to the bathroom.
Wanda shook her head as she clicked her tongue against her teeth before looking Ruby straight in the eyes and speaking. "No, you're not scared of being alone. You're afraid of yourself. Afraid of what you can do, afraid of that Voice inside your head."
"Damn, that was good." Ruby exclaimed after devouring her two burgers and fries. She was so full, she thought that she might fell of Spidey's back when they go web slinging back home. The prospect of going back home sounded good to Ruby now considering how tired she already felt but that was all forgotten when she looked up the sky and saw the sun. It was so pretty.
"But Clint, come on! That one had my mask on it! That was the coolest one! Not everybody could say they ate out Spider Man!"
Tony was reaching for the coffee but Peter beat him to it, already pouring some into a mug and handing it to him.
That wasn’t what made everybody gasp though.
"Good Morning, Ruby. I was told by Miss Maximoff that she will be with you in a moment." Ruby rolled her eyes. She supposed she could do some exercise on her own while waiting for her. However, it looked like she didn't need to because as soon as she entered the gym, she found Steve and Tony sparring in the ring. The two were so focused they didn't see her pull up a chair and settle her ass down so loud it smacked the cushion.
It was as if Infinity had disappeared.
"You awake yet, girlie?"
Ruby groaned so loud and threw her pillow, which Wanda just easily sidestepped to. Figuring that there's no point arguing with her, Ruby walked towards her wardrobe to grab a change of clothes and a towel. She was about to step into the shower when she heard Wanda call, "Meet me at the gym when you finish!"
Said woman just finished conversing with Tony on the phone just as Vision finished perusing through all the data he managed to get a hold of. Apparently, the girl was fighting a symbiote along with Spider Man and Mr Stark took the liberty of having Friday scan the girl's abilities. It seemed that the molecular composition of the fiery orange glow from the girl was unmistakenly identical to Wanda's.
Dragging Steve and Tony to a shooting stall, Ruby pointed out to the big brown bear that could be won as a price.
* * *
"Yes Sir." Captain Rogers answered.
Steve winced at the obvious lie. Of course, he didn't call her out for it. God knows, he didn't have the right when he himself was guilty of the same crime just after he woke up from the ice.
"That's enough, servant!" A dark man clad in a long dark green cape reprimanded. Immediately, Mr O'malley dropped on the floor and kneeled. "I sincerely apologise, Master. I merely believe the girl lacked manners and needed to be disciplined."
“I want you to give me some time. Fight off as much demons as you can.” Ruby pleaded. “I think I can kill the rest all at once, but these powers that I have are still fairly new to me. I need extreme focus to differentiate their consciousness with yours so that when I blast them, I wouldn’t accidentally kill the three of you as well.”
They whispered between each other, with their voices too soft for Ruby to hear. Mr Stark suddenly looked up and Ruby almost broke her neck when she tried to avert her gaze onto the window, embarrassed that she was caught staring at the two men.
Both men didn't have time to ponder what all of that was about because as soon as they were able to regain their bearings, they saw Ruby unconscious on the ground. Steve immediately checked for her pulse before putting her in a recovery position, then called SHIELD to dispatch a medical team to their location.
"I was thinking of how to apologise to Mr Stark and Cap." Peter told Ruby.
Steve sighed. Guess he'd just have to walk back home.
With every shout and every push, Ruby could feel the power in her veins pulsating. It was as if it was responding to Steve's orders. Her punches were getting stronger and stronger, faster and faster. The chains that held the bag were rattling against its restraints and Steve's eyes widened in shock when it snapped and the bag hit the ground with a resonant thump. Even Bucky and Peter, who were sparring at the opposite end of the gym, paused and took a moment to glance at their direction, faces filled with surprise.
Impressed with Ruby's endurance, Bucky gave her a lopsided grin before jumping across a higher block.
It was actually kind of menacing.
Tony and Steve’s day was spent lazily. It was only the two of them in the Tower today since Bucky had been called by Fury at noon about a new mission regarding HYDRA and the assassin twins were nowhere to be found. Knowing Clint and Natasha, they were probably out on a date without even realising that they were out in a date. Tony shook his head. He had lost count of how many times he wanted to bash both of their heads together for them to see that were practically married.
"So, are we gonna watch anytime soon?" Steve gave Tony a smile and squeezed his leg.
"I'm gonna go upstairs to freshen up." Ruby said.
“Hello Sweetheart.” Their attention snapped back to Rogers number 2. “Why don’t you go take a nap first before we get dinner? Have a little rest. All these activities you’ve been doing are quite exhausting to your heart.”
She was facing him. Her arm and head rested against the back cushion with her knees drawn up to her chest, feet almost touching the edge of Steve's thigh. Barely a minute have passed and Ruby's breath started to even out, an indication that she had gone back to sleep.
Ruby was woken up by the sound of the silent ticking clock. She sighed as she found herself tied down to a stiff bed now instead of a chair where she was restrained earlier. Perhaps it was too much to wish that it was all just one fucked up nightmare.
It reminded him of how Peter used to stay in the tower and often wake up in the middle of the night looking for him after the whole fiasco with Thanos.
“Show me."
Ruby just hummed in response and continued chatting about Ned's cat. She'd really like to meet her someday. A few minutes later, the television planted on the wall behind Ned showed Spider-Man slinging down the street, which was actually not too far away from the College, in pursuit of some kind of suspect. It looked like Spidey was busy today.
Ruby smiled to herself when she noticed that she was gaining on the police cars.
God damn it.
"Tony, status report." Tucking the blueprint inside one of the weapons compartment of his suit, he exited the room. And sure, there were more officers coming down his way. All their rifles raised and ready to fire.
Bucky couldn't really say no when she flashed those big blue eyes at him in expectant hope. He was pretty sure that he should assess Ruby's endurance first before letting her run free but she was already climbing up the obstacles.
"Then, he died. Fell off the train and I couldn't do anything. Next thing I knew, I woke up in this century. A few years later, and there Bucky was. Alive and well with a left metal arm. Except he couldn't remember me at all. He was manipulated by Hydra, got his memories wiped to prevent any memories from his past to resurface. So I did everything I could to get him back. Tony was there too, as well as the other avengers. They understood that Bucky was under the influence of Hydra." Ruby couldn't help it, she all but dove to give Steve a tight hug; her head tucked under his chin. She could tell Steve was surprised because it took him a minute to eventually wrap his arms around her.
They all waited but she was unresponsive.
The Voice ordered.
"Having trouble connecting with my sister?" She glared at Mordo who perched himself against the door frame, carrying a smirk on his face as he twiddled with a camera.
"Friday woke me up. She said that Ruby was in the balcony of the communal floor but didn't want you to know. I think she thinks she's being a burden. But I brought her up back to her room when she fell asleep on my arms after giving me a hug." Tony tried to hide his smile at the thought of Steve tucking the girl back to bed. It was surprisingly endearing.
"You'll be alright in here?" He asked. Ruby nodded and Steve gave her a smile before stepping out of the elevator.
Ruby didn't know why her neck stings so much and why did she feel so… dizzy? She felt an unfamiliar pair of hands grab her underneath her armpits, hauling her away. Ruby tried to resist but her whole body felt like jelly. She didn't understand what was happening but she did remember the last time she felt like this.
"I just wanted to welcome you in the campus. I hope you find your time here at the Empire State University eventful and enjoyable. It was nice finally meeting you,
Ruby had to admit it. These two made sparring look like a dance. They were moving so gracefully and in tune with each other. Almost like every punch, kick and jab they took were choreographed. She couldn't help but admire them two. Ever since they found out about Ruby's abilities, most men had been really supportive and have tried to make sure that their interactions with her as normal as it had been before. They gave advice whenever she needed some, just like her father would have done when she finds herself in trouble.
Tribes and tribes of different people and different cultures swung past Ruby’s vision. They all had various and unique names for their gods. Rituals and prayers were spread all over their communities and societies.
"Guys, sorry for being a kill joy but I've got to go now. Aunt May is gonna kill me. I still have an essay due tomorrow for University." Spidey whined.
Overall, Ruby thought that having Wanda teach her more control over the next few months would be awesome. Ruby liked her. She always wondered what it would feel like if she had an older sister and she thought that perhaps, this was as close as she could. What was strange though, was the fact that the Voice had been very quiet through it all. Months have passed ever since Ruby realised that there was a Voice in her head so it was very disconcerting to have her mind silent.
"Let's see, shall we?"
“For now, all you need to know is that all these demons were transported here by Mordo using his portals. Well, he’s actually Eternity and got something to do with me and Infinity. He escaped with a portal so he isn’t here anymore.”
rolled her eyes as she chewed on her gum. “No, it isn’t. The doctor said my heart is getting stronger now. No need to worry, old man.”
All the love from London.
The man created a portal, and as though he sensed that someone was looking at him, he turned around to smirk at her.
Ruby suddenly realised that she was in front of two people she hasn't met before. The woman with platinum blonde hair was looking at her amused while the man with the frying pan was giving her his best judging face unashamedly.
He actually did not think it was a good idea to have so many doctors around her so he asked Bruce if he could take a minute to come down to take a look at her after telling him about the mission.
She was just about to yell, "Watch out!" to warn Peter that they were dangerously coming close to having face planted on the road in the middle of Manhattan when he triggered his web shooters and hooked themselves up to a balcony of a nearby apartment. They both lurched upwards into the sky while Ruby laughed like a maniac even if the wind continuously whacked her face. It was like being a human sling shot.
"Ruby is within the perimeter of the fight." Bucky, who was in the middle of strapping his holsters shifted his glance at the projector screen. What the hell is seriously wrong with this girl? He was deadly clear about calling him to pick her up when she finished the day. Bucky was totally sure that being the stubborn brat that she was, Ruby intended to walk home, managed to catch Spidey on a bad spot and decided to help save the day. Again.
Steve dramatically sighed before standing up from his seat on the couch to grab said notebook. He raised it up then shook it in his hands to emphasise that he had taken it already and placed it on the coffee table.
A gentle, honeyed Voice called out for her. Its bright tone, contradicted the dark starless night sky that surrounded her field of vision.
Infinity exclaimed, looking straight at Steve and Tony’s eyes.
"Ow, ow, ow. Okay! Jesus Christ, Nat."  She released his arm from her grip  once she was content that Clint wouldn't try to steal anything away, "Those are for Bucky. Wait for yours."
It was the stuff that those scientists usually inject to her. Put her body in a muscle paralysis but left her lucid to be able to hear and remember almost everything. Most of the time, it would wear off after she's counted until 1,561 but it could run over until she's reached 9,000. Today, she only reached up until 4,296 before she managed to open her eyes and saw Dr Banner's hand hovering inches away from her face.
The two did not waste any more time and rushed to the elevator but just as soon as they stepped foot out of the library, they saw a pair of angry faces in the hallway. The captain may look calm but underneath his furrowed brows, Peter could see the fury in his eyes and while Mr Stark may look composed and collected, the tight clench of his jaw did not go unnoticeable.
"What do you say you change out of those clothes, hmm?" Ruby looked down at the state of her garments. It wasn't exactly the thickest material out there and just until then, Ruby began to notice just how cold it was.
"You do not know what you're getting yourself into." He said in between puffs of his laugh. Natasha slashed his throat, blood spurting on her face.
She might be out of that place but she got no home to come back to. She had no other relatives except for her parents.
Ruby asked the Voice.
"If I may Sir, what makes you think that this is actually a hydra base?" Fury raised his eyebrow at the question. With no further ado, he replaced the photos with a series of documents that shows a questionable and concerning set of data.
Not a moment after, all the lights in the workshop suddenly broke out.
"I was watching the camera feed in the gym. Don’t judge me. I wanted to see how Ruby fares with training." Tony answered as if sensing the other man's question.
"Go!" The guy (who was wearing the creature?) shouted at her. "We will take care of this!" As soon as he said that, he transformed back to the full face of the black creature and led the fight away from where they were. Ruby wasted no time crawling towards where Peter laid and shook his head.
Tony watched worriedly as she unintentionally dropped her clothes to clutch at her chest. He wanted to gallop over and help the girl but he knew that it would be useless, so he stood, literally in front of her, and watched as she clawed at her chest and tried to breathe as much as she could.
* * *
"No doubt Fury will take her." Steve felt his blood boil just hearing that mere suggestion.
For now, she would just call him Spidey.
She knew she was safe.
He has seen her file when the team rescued her from HYDRA. There had been so many circumstances where their '
Ruby narrowed her eyes at the sudden realisation. Why the fuck did she not do anything to get her out of that hell hole? She couldn't help the resentment she felt about it. The Voice could have saved her. Hell, she could have even saved her parents!
Steve had instructed her to punch heavy bags in the gym to test her strength and stamina. On her first try, she had been surprised that she was actually able to make the bag move. Steve, being the good coach that he is, was doing his best to encourage Ruby to give it her all.
So yeah, totally no fucking way.
"Okay, kid. Let me know if you need anything tonight, alright?" Tony said as he patted her hair and so she nodded once again to show that she understand.
She could not be hasty now. One wrong decision and she could cause the damnation of the universe. The rest would simply have to wait.
The Voice said in comfort as she enveloped Ruby in her embrace. '
"How long have you been here?" Even Steve's neck snapped towards me.
Which means Steve and Natasha finding out that he was injured.
Not letting the small victory of having someone fighting on her side put her guard down, Ruby kicked the demon in front of her before moving down to meet Peter. She didn’t care that she was in the middle of battle, trying to fight for her life. She did die, and now she was alive again so fuck everything if she wanted to embrace a person she thought she would never see again.
"They won't think I'm crazy or send me down to the scientists to be examined?" Bucky's heart broke at Ruby's question. With what happened to her at such a young age, he wasn't surprised to know that the girl found it hard to trust people around her.
And what is everybody doing? Don't they know they had someone up in their roof top, passed out and possibly coming slowly onto her death?
Nonetheless, she smiled sweetly, glad that someone would be looking after Ruby when she’s gone,
“I apologise for this one. I forgot how she screams like a banshee. Anyway, you’re probably wondering why I contacted you. To answer your question, I am just proving a point to this brat. I made a deal that I’ll spare one of you if you come and save her. Not that it matters. You all will be dead at the end of this hour.”
As far as Fury knew, they had been successful. Hydra had been quiet for the past year and this had been the first time they've received intel pointing back to the said organisation.
She yanked the grilles out, carefully so, to minimise the noise to avoid giving her position away. With a grace of a cat, she slid inside the tube. It was big enough that it allowed her to crouch herself in.
It was Tony who got the phone call from Peter.
"Looks like DUM-E likes you. Those two over there are Butterfingers and U. They're my bots, helps me around here." Tony told Ruby. She felt ashamed for just barging in his workshop without a word and proceeded to use his couch to sleep like she had the right to.
"Okay," Ruby softly said as she clutched at Peter's hands, intertwining their fingers. "Just hold on, Pete. Hold on."
Everybody raised an eyebrow at his last sentence.
"I'm fine." Both of them winced at the obvious lie but Ruby was thankful that Steve didn't comment about it. He just gave her a reassuring smile that she returned back with her own shy one.
"216." She answered. She didn't notice the way both men winced at her response.
Tony had been too focused figuring out a way to access the underground facility from the blueprint that he wouldn't have felt the presence of two hydra officers pointing their rifles at him if he didn't hear the crisp click of a trigger safety being unbuckled.
Hours and hours later, Ruby found herself becoming ridiculously bankrupt after getting her money milked by Tony and Natasha. Tony had hotels on both Park Place and Boardwalk while Natasha had three houses on each of the green ones. She has been so unlucky as well after landing on the Luxury Tax numerous times.
Natasha couldn’t stop herself from shooting the screen repeatedly. Each click against the trigger become more forceful and forceful. When she ran out of bullets, she dug her hand down her holster to grab a new magazine, but Clint took a hold of her wrist and pulled her face to his chest.
"What happened to you?" Ruby asked Bucky as she cut open his vest to reveal his wound. Looking at it, she hypothesised that this was most probably a knife wound. It was quite large but not deep enough to consider it life threatening so she knew that she only had to disinfect it and sew it up. It also looked like that Bucky got the bleeding under control as it was very slowly coming to a stop.
“I think we could use some advice from Dr Strange.”
Who's your favourite marvel ship?
That would only mean getting him to sit down in his room with both of them interrogating him about what happened in his mission like the worrywarts they both were.
The cosmic being released her hold and lied back down onto the ground as if she was just solemnly waiting for the time of her death. With all of the things she knew now, Ruby’s mind was set into helping Infinity. It came from the entity itself. The whole universe is at danger and if she was the one person who can make a difference in saving it, then she would die trying to stop Eternity.
"I'm okay, I'm okay." He grumbled and slowly pulled himself up to stand.
They reached the library balcony at exactly 11:16 PM. Ruby tried her luck in finding the sliding glass door open but just as expected, it was completely locked.
Ruby was too occupied in dealing with her enemies at the front that she couldn’t manage to take care of those behind her too. She didn’t notice the demon that pounced behind her, ready to slash the back of her head with its talons until Infinity screamed in her head.
"You want to help me out with the cupcakes?" Natasha asked both Ruby and Spider Man who didn't hesitate to get a piping bag as well. Ruby gave out a loud snort when Clint grumbled and complained about not being allowed to help when he's been there ever since Natasha started.
Still refusing to acknowledge it, Ruby just continued her work.
So like a lost puppy, she followed Tony around and leaned herself against his doorway as she watch him prepare and pick up his arc reactor.
Peter could see that no argument could sway Ruby so he sighed and kissed her on the cheek. Ruby managed to contain her blush. This has been going on for a while. Ruby knew that Peter has always been a tactile person so she didn't pay attention at it at first. But ever since the fight with the symbiote thingy, Peter started to give her little hugs, pecks on the forehead and sometimes kisses, just like this one. Increasingly. Not that she was complaining, no. In fact she liked it, but it would be really nice if they've talked about it.
Ruby was in so much pain that she didn't protest against the Voice anymore and just followed what she said. She was so surprised, entranced and confused all at the same time to see a faint but fiery glow of orange incandescence coming from her hand.
O’Malley palmed the syringe in his pocket. The girl was clearly vulnerable. Spider Man would be in no condition to protect her as he lied on the ground, incapacitated yet conscious. One quick stab to the neck and the evoracin would kick in immediately. In a matter of seconds, he could portal the girl through to the master.
Ruby hesitated to answer.
"You want to train with me, Ruby?" Steve offered. She's never really properly trained with Steve. Not because she was afraid, but because Steve was such a slave driver. It may look like he's America's sweet angel with those big blue eyes and shining blonde hair, but don't let them deceive you. The last time she trained with him, Steve made her do three extra sets of strength exercises on top of her two. When she voiced out her complaint, he simply said,
"I don't know how you take your coffee so just take whatever you want." Ruby said while gesturing towards the jar of sugar and milk she prepared.
Ruby nodded every single time.
The Voice said and when she looked down for the second time, the glow in her hand was nowhere to be seen. She tried to rotate her ankle slowly but was really bewildered when she felt no pain whatsoever at all.
She just couldn't understand why they would do this at all. And if she agrees to take the room tonight, then how about tomorrow? The next day after that? Would she stay with them permanently?
Their game was cut off short when Friday interrupted to inform them that the team would be arriving in the tower from their mission in less than five minutes. Ruby abruptly stopped running when she remembered something.
Ruby asked, but The Voice only chuckled at the question.
“It takes more than that to kill me, Eternity.”
"You okay?"
nodded and kissed her parents on the cheeks before going upstairs. Hastily, she hopped up to her room and immediately opened her wardrobe to take a change of clothes. Just as she was getting ready to change, the three dimensional hoppers saw her face contort into pain.
Oh, the
"The potatoes could wait." She grumbled and kissed Vision on the mouth. Her left hand flicked towards the stove to turn it off before settling it back to grip her man's neck, deepening the kiss.
"AAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!"
Female Stark and Rogers number 2 were literally frozen in their place with shock painted on their faces as they saw their lifeless daughter on the floor. The curtain stopped moving mid-swing, just as it was flapping back to its natural position.
Clenching her fists so hard her nails drew blood in her palms, Ruby tried her best to dominate over the power. She focused all her energy and strength trying to push down its intimidating consciousness until she felt the rush of blood in her veins slow down, the glow slowly fade away and her heartbeat return back to normal.
"Hey Spidey, since you can't tell me your name yet, can I call you Wilburforce?" The guy's left eye twitched at the name in apparent refusal.
"Sorry! Gotta go! Catch you guys tomorrow!" He shouted as he galloped away through the entrance leaving Ruby dazed at his unexpected departure.
And thank god Ruby was not most people.
She didn't really had a solid grasp of how long ago it was, perhaps two years ago, but she remembered being kidnapped by her captors in a theme park.
But something in the back of her mind told her to go to Tony's bedroom first. Who knows? Maybe he was still sleeping in. It was only ten in the morning. Practicing what she was going to say, Ruby knocked and pushed the door wide open.
Her constant wallowing had reminded her that she had lost everything. She lost 2 years of her life, her family and possibly even her identity. Ruby doubted that the Avengers would be willing to release her to the outside world using her real name.
Ruby replied back mentally. She was still wondering how she would tell her new found family about the Voice inside her head, because even herself, couldn't understand what it was. It didn't matter that Ruby believed that the Voice was real and wouldn't do anything to hurt her. What mattered was the fact that scientifically and medically speaking, she would be considered mentally unstable.
"You told her not to tell Tony. I don't count."
She didn't even had to come close. It was amazing yet terrifying at the same time.
"I'm still sorry." She mumbled against his chest.
Surprisingly, it didn't take her very long to freshen up. She dressed herself with a black midriff tank top and yoga pants before stepping into the elevator. "Morning, Friday. Could you take me down to the gym, please?"
Ruby jogged faster and turned left at the corner of a street. That's where she saw Spidey fighting that red ugly-ass alien monster. Again. And just like before, he was getting his ass kicked.
Tony took a mental note that maybe he could buy her a giant teddy bear next time. Perhaps, like the big bunny he got for Pepper. Tony nodded at himself, proud for being able to think of that. Yeah, he would definitely get her one.
The Voice called again. This time, it was gentle; beguiling and coaxing her to follow wherever depths of this abyss led to.
“That answers Ruby’s physical situation. But how about her soul? She wasn’t from this reality at all, isn’t she? Who is she?” The doctor asked.
Ruby still continued down her way, slightly confused. More and more people scrambled away, someone even left their car in the middle of the road just to run. Intrigued about what was happening, Ruby hastened her pace and made up her mind to see what the hysterics all about was. She knew it was probably not her business but she couldn't help the curiosity that thrummed inside her.
The lecture lasted about two and a half hours. Ruby felt the tell-tale of a head ache threatening to start and massaged her temples. After fixing her things, she said goodbye to the boys but Parker told her to hold up. Ruby smiled as she waited for him to speak.
How could she do that?
He was huge. Almost as large as Steve but he was leaner. He was clad in a black tactical vest and was crouching against the wall with his dark metal arm pressing hard against the side of his stomach which as far as Ruby could see, was leaking with blood.
frost handwriting. She looked so hopeful yet hesitant so Steve gave her a wide smile to acknowledge their apology and effort. The action seemed to brighten the girl up because her lips stretched into a wide grin and she clapped her hands twice as she went back to frosting the waffles.
Not willing to show any weakness, Ruby swallowed and spoke, “I-Is th-this all y-you’ve g-got?”
Ruby forced herself not to think about what the Avengers might be doing right now. Still, she cleared her throat before she spoke. "Are you dumb? Of course they wouldn't come at all. I'm just a charity case they've picked up in a mission. Spare yourself from the disappointed." Mordo only chuckled, which irritated Ruby even more. With that, Mordo assembled a video camera in front of her. He then stood next to Ruby's bed to face it and disgustingly caressed her arm, before shouting, "Servant!"
Everybody was on the move.
"Alright. That's enough of your magic Houdini. You two," Tony pointed at Clint and Natasha. "You go explain all this to our favourite SHIELD director. And us two, Princess," Tony flicked his finger between him and Ruby. "We're gonna go flying." With just that said, Tony closed his face plate down, grabbed Ruby's waist and tucked her against his chest which ultimately muffled all her protests, before running towards the balcony and soaring through the sky.
"Hello, Miss Reid. I'd like to inform you that the Avengers has left just now." Friday said. "If you would like to know their whereabouts at any time, please do not hesitate to ask me." Ruby nodded her head which she assumed Friday saw because the AI did not say anything afterwards.
After days of talking and negotiating, Ruby and the Voice finally came to some sort of compromise. She made the Voice swear that by no means would she try to take over her body without her permission, just like how she healed her broken ankle, and that anything that would come out of this
After a few moments, Ruby wiped her mouth from side to side when she noticed that Bucky was staring intently at her and truth be told, it was actually kind of scary.
“First and foremost, let me introduce myself. I am Baron Mordo, vessel of Eternity, and if you haven’t figured it out yet, Ruby’s captor for 2 years.” The man’s brown eyes glinted a menacing shade of azure for a moment, very much like how Ruby’s eyes became fiery orbs when using her abilities. Bucky wanted to gouge his eyes out and feed them to a stray dog. This was the monster who tormented Ruby and he’d be grateful to give him a slow and painful death.
But that wasn't her! That was the Voice! Yes, yes. That was definitely the Voice.
"You could have continued the game! Just put back my title deeds up for sale!" He answered.
Ruby resisted the urge to ask the Voice why she was weak. After all, she would only give her riddles as answers anyway. Dealing with this was enough headache as it was. She didn't want any more stuff complicating her life. For now, she would try her best to hold up the end of her bargain because shockingly, Ruby found the constant Voice in her head quite assuring, almost like an anchor and for once, she didn't feel as if she was all alone.
All three of them went quiet when they heard the elevator ping. The doors swung open and it revealed a woman clad in a dark red leather jacket alongside a tall man with dirty blonde hair.
"Steve, I didn't just imagine that force from Ruby earlier right?" Steve sighed, eyes focused down on the floor as he contemplates the possibilities of the incident. "No. I felt it too. This could be one of the reasons why HYDRA had her."
For now, they had a man, possibly the bearer of the symbiote, lying on the ground. Natasha didn't hesitate to cuff his hands despite his unconscious state while Clint reached out to SHIELD to have the man properly transported into their custody.
HYDRA
The Voice murmured as she caressed Ruby's cheek, letting her touch fall down to her chin to tilt her head up.
"You're hurt."
The door swung open and one by one, the rest of the Avengers slipped in the room. Even Dr Banner, who Bucky was sure down the lab. Bucky had known that they were listening in to their conversation ever since Ruby asked about them discovering her abilities.
Immediately, both men knew that something bad happened to Ruby. Tony hanged up on Peter, threw off his blanket, and ordered Friday to run a visual recognition  while he began to start his remote control suit army to help find Ruby. Steve, on the other hand, sent an assemble notification to Bucky, Natasha and Clint. This was Ruby they were talking about. Both superheroes knew that it wasn’t a coincidence that she was missing. Maybe they were lucky and she was just being a rebellious teenager defying her supposed parents, but worst case scenario is she was dying on a ditch somewhere. Steve and Tony  didn’t even want to think about that. The girl attached herself to their lives so much that they couldn’t even fathom going back to living their lives where they didn’t had Ruby.
Tony sighed as he pulled over a wire. "I over-reacted, didn't I?"
"What the hell? When they said you looked like Steve, I didn't know they meant that you were his clone." Bucky said as Ruby took his flesh arm and placed it around her shoulder to help him walk.
He just waved his hand frantically towards the direction of the entrance door because he didn't really want to lose his focus. One wrong move and he would need to start all over again. As soon as he managed to slot the little screw in position, Tony looked up to find Steve sitting on his couch; sketchbook already propped open on an empty page in his lap.
Both Ruby and Bucky came into the communal room to see everyone lounging, suits still on, while sharing eight boxes of pizza. Bruce was lying down on the recliner chair with his eyes closed as he chew on his slice. Natasha was throwing black olives to Clint who was sitting on the opposite side of the couch, catching them with his mouth. Tony was leaning on the bar counter with his face plate down , chugging down a glass of scotch while watching Steve devour four slices of pizza in two minutes.
"Who wants to play Monopoly?"
"Call me when you get home, okay?"
"Because I'm not actually fat contrary to what s
Ruby though, that one was cracked in the head.
“Okay, Princess. Stop sassing you father. Up you go, Ruby.” Female Stark reprimanded.
* * *
Ruby rolled her eyes so hard, it looked like they would come out of their sockets but still gave a small smile to the guy. He didn't seem too bad.
She didn't look at their eyes when she spoke. Instead, she kept gazing out of the car window, afraid that she would break down if she did.
"You're hearing voices, aren't you?" The blatant way he asked the question made Ruby choke on her sandwich. She got no idea how the hell he was able to figure that out.
Without wasting time, she immediately clothed herself and let out a happy sigh upon feeling the warmth it gave. Ruby took a good look of her face in the mirror.
"So you see, in a way, you're like Bucky. I hope you didn't go through what happened to him, but both of you got captured by Hydra, except you're too much younger. You should have been out there doing whatever kids your age should be doing, not stuck in that place. So we had to take you in, keep you safe, you know? Just like we did Bucky."
"That's unfair!" Bucky was enhanced! There was no way she would be able to tag him.
"Fury didn't take it well?" Steve asked and Mr Stark just let out an exasperated noise before telling Steve that it was taken care of.
"It's already late, Tony. It's best for Ruby to get her rest." She sent Steve a grateful smile before nodding along in agreement with his idea.
Maybe he didn't notice. His face lightened up in a small vibrant smile when he saw that there's left over coffee, still steaming from the pot.
Funny, he has the same name as Spidey.
“I’ve called for backup but we still need as much help as we can get. You can cuddle with your boyfriend later after Steve and I are done fussing about you, okay? Now tell us what the situation is.”
(See the end of the chapter for
With one final stroke of her hair, the Voice decided to let Ruby go and send her back to her own reality.
"Woah, sorry!" Ruby exclaimed when she bumped into someone. The guy had short brown hair and was dressed in an army green jacket with a grey hoodie underneath. He was also looking at Ruby with a weird confused expression that she couldn't really fathom.
Perhaps... Steve has the same feelings as he did. Tony mentally shook his head. There was no way that this was the case. Although the man did slip up one time and accidentally outed his bisexuality, he always loved Peggy, in which is most likely the most probable reason why he never took on Natasha’s suggestions for blind dates and hook ups.
So here she was, treading along a decrepit hallway; the sound of her heels clacking against the floor tiles echoed to fill the deafening silence. It was dark, only illuminated by the occasional rays of sunlight coming from rooms with doors ajar and windows opened.
And just like that, Stephen, Tony and Steve found themselves back in Ruby’s bedroom like nothing happened at all.
"We are not letting Fury take her. She'll end up in a situation no different from where she's been. SHIELD scientists would want to get at the bottom of those experiments. We will be no better than hydra if we let that happen."
Just like earlier this afternoon, she was met with silence.
Steve ran his fingers down Ruby's hair as his eyes found Tony, who gave them both a small sad smile.
Remembering that they were actually playing tag, Ruby quickly pretended that she was so much in pain as she dramatically howled while clutching her leg.
Her reflection said.
Steve crossed his arms at his chest while Ruby leaned her full weight against Steve. She was still a little bit exhausted from the fight considering that was the longest time she tried to use her powers.
With that, Infinity took a step back into the portal and travelled to the reality to where the three superheroes originally came from. They found themselves inside a bedroom now. There was a couple they didn’t recognise who were sleeping on the bed. Clearly, the lady was pregnant going by the fact that she had a bump. Infinity knelt beside the lady and placed the glowing orb on top of her bump. Slowly, it was taken in by the woman with a resonant glow of bright blue that temporarily flashed against the dark.
When Bucky looked back to see where Ruby was at, he was quite surprised to see that she was actually gaining on him. Given, he wasn't using his enhanced abilities but even without it, he was still quite fast enough than average people with his military training.
At that moment, Ruby didn't care whatever this creature was or where it came from, and that it could probably kill her in less than a second. All she knew was that Peter was going to die if she didn't do anything about it. So Ruby took the broken steel pipe she saw behind the dumpster next to her and darted out of the alleyway with a scream.
* * *
"I slapped you on the cheek because you wouldn't stir. Be thankful I didn't splash you with cold water." Natasha flatly said after taking a sip of her hot chocolate. If somebody could pull off a scary look while being cute at the same time, it would be Natasha.
It was just before the Avengers came to rescue her.
"Then, this man dressed in a black combat uniform told my dad that we needed to come with him. I couldn't remember why but all I know was that once he led us away from the public, more men came out. Three of them tied me all up, hands and feet, while I was kicking and screaming. The rest of them took hold of my parents. I saw my dad fighting but there were too many of them, you know?" Ruby wiped the single tear that ran down her cheek with the back of her hand, before turning her face to look at both men.
Almost
The emotional pain combined with the ache of her broken bones drove her towards the edge of consciousness. The last thing she saw was Mordo's wide grin before she closed her eyes.
“Mom! Dad! I’m home!”
As soon as their fingers intertwined, a surge of supreme sovereignty and power encompassed Ruby. She saw a different world flash through her eyes upon gazing at the Woman's golden fiery orbs. In there, she had purpose. Power. She could do things no human being could possibly comprehend. This Woman, or the Voice as Ruby liked to call her, could give her a world where she wasn't living as the shell of the girl she used to be.
In all honesty, she was scared, and she found it very frustrating especially since she knew that she's out of that place already and that Steve and Tony would keep her safe. But that was another thing that she was worried about. Ruby knew that this whole thing would be temporary. They could have dropped her off in an orphanage or just let SHIELD deal with her.
Ruby was still confused with what the hell Mordo was on about. Was he saying that V is this Infinity woman he's talking about and that she was abducted for the mere purpose of trying to track her down?
But she wasn't the only one encouraged.
Ruby had actually been conscious ever since she felt someone tug the chains off her wrist. Although she couldn't open her eyes, she was aware of what was happening despite remembering them a bit hazy.
Peter thought as he webbed himself up across the city.
Tony and Steve was still torn whether to trust Infinity. She was the sole reason why Ruby sometimes wake up at night, screaming at something that wasn’t even there, and why she lost the parents she grew up with for 18 years of her life. But Infinity was also the reason why they met Ruby in the first place, the same Ruby who became a permanent part of their lives.
“I wanna go watch the sunset.” She blurted, out of the blue.
Tony pushed his thoughts aside for now, though. The kid finally emerged from her room and he didn't want to ruin it. Especially when he saw how much she was laughing together with Natasha earlier.
Confused with the situation himself, Stephen answered the parts that he could, “Ruby is fine. Infinity, the sister of Eternity who took control of Mordo, is residing within her and healing her. I don’t know where we are but I believe that this is Infinity’s doing.”
“It looks like she’s still troubled about yesterday.” Tony commented. Steve went back to his seat and proceeded to turn to a blank page to start a new portrait of Tony.  “I’m sure she’s just overthinking like usual. She’ll be fine after spending a little bit of time at school and hanging out with her friends.”
* * *
Steve shook his head. It would have been great if Tony and Ruby stayed with him so they could all talk about her powers in private. But boy, he couldn't get mad at Tony for his antics. Annoyed, yes, but mad? No.
After Ruby took off her shoes and carefully placed them beside the wardrobe, she hopped on the bed and couldn't contain the satisfied groan that came out of her mouth. It's been too long since she slept on a bed. She took a deep breath and immediately got a whiff of lavender and chamomile.
Ruby found it hard to sense anything. All she could focus on was how this power seem to swallow her.
Every time someone did that, Ruby had the brains to step away from them, trying to avoid the people to question her presence with the two Avengers. It wouldn't do any good if that went public and the press decides to stick their noses in. She was already a burden as it is, she didn't want to add more stress to their shoulders.
Ruby winced at the ear-splitting shriek this woman gave out. A banshee would be so fucking proud. And what was up with her questions? You don't just ask those things to a random stranger.
The cosmic being gave a small smile but slowly nodded her head.
The Voice explained. However, this just confused Ruby even more.
"Eww, Ned! I would not be blowing any body parts attached to that boy. Especially not to someone named Eugene. No thank you."
Natasha lifted her gloved hand to adjust her earpiece so that it fitted snuggly inside the hollow of her ear.
“Second thing. You said you like Ruby?” Steve softly asked and Peter, once again, nodded his head in confirmation. He couldn’t believe he actually said that in front of them. Both Tony and Steve were practically Ruby’s fathers now and he just blurted out that he likes their daughter in the spur of the moment. If the ground could just open up and swallow him, that would be great. Thank you very much.
Great.
"I promise to keep your little secret if you promise that you'll come to me when it gets too much. Deal?" Bucky's lips twitched into a smile when he saw her nod in defeat. At that moment, she looked so much like Steve back in 1935 when he caught him lying red-handed about getting pummeled and punching people. Again.
With a quick flick of his wrist, Tony blasted the two officers down with his repulsors before they had the time to think of pulling the trigger. Both of them slammed hard enough against the concrete wall; he's pretty sure he heard their spines crack.
Ruby opened the door to come in the lecture hall. The professor had already started and didn't seem to care that she was late. Ruby looked for free seats and was relieved to spot Parker, Ned waving beside him, telling her to come and sit with them. Ruby walked up as quickly as she could to avoid creating distractions. She smiled at both guys before sitting down and pulling her laptop out.
"You could have mine, if you don't like that one?" Steve suggested when he noticed Tony just staring at the ice cream.
Ruby shook her head at her friend's stubbornness. She learnt her lesson, she wasn't going to intervene. What she would do, as a responsible teenager, was call Tony or Steve or anyone who was in the Tower for back up and stay where she was until they get here.
Ruby didn't have enough time to react because the next thing she knew she was slammed down, kissing the floor. Not hard enough to make anything bleed, but enough to disorient her. She didn't waste time though. Hastily, she pushed her weight up, one leg at a time, and crouched to an aggressive run. She was fast but Steve was faster. He managed to side step easily out of Ruby's way and avoided being tackled to ground, all the same while throwing a grin at her. Groaning that she missed her chance, Ruby twisted her body as she threw a high kick at her opponent.
he said.
"Sorry."
"I'm pretty sure I'd remember it if I got a lady pregnant, Buck." He replied as he sharpened his pencil for the second time this morning. "Besides, I haven't had sex with women for ages." Tony choked on the coffee he was drinking. Did he just hear Captain America talk about his sex life? Sometimes, Tony could forget that Steve wasn't exactly the innocent angel the media liked to portray him as.
Time passed and they all felt so dejected after Friday and Tony’s controlled army suits didn’t find any leads at all about Ruby’s whereabouts. The only thing they had was a CCTV camera feed showing Ruby and Peter bidding goodbye and  separating ways in a the street. That was at 7:20pm and everything after that seemed to be tampered with. That meant Ruby could have been missing for about 4 hours. Steve was able to restrain Peter from having half a mind of web slinging across the city and the next one with no solid lead by convincing him to conserve his energy for when they have enough information to send a rescue team.
"Parker? You're Spidey Peter?" Ruby couldn't believe that was the reason why he found Parker's voice so familiar. He was actually Spider-Man. No wonder the guy was such in a hurry to leave the cafeteria earlier.
"No, you go in."
"I missed you. I heard you could finally use your powers, am I right? If I knew that sending you out to the outside world would trigger it, I would have done it sooner. Tell me, did Infinity introduced herself to you yet?"
"Tony! I take it back!" Ruby shouted, not even knowing if he was nearby or what. "I love you from the bottom of my heart!"
Without thinking, Ruby focused her power's energy in her hands until she saw the familiar fiery orange glow of her veins down to the tip of her fingers and just wanted to break that truck in half. As soon as she motioned her hand towards its direction, the truck split itself, startling the symbiote.
Darkness filled Ruby’s vision. She couldn’t see a single thing, couldn’t hear the soft whisper of the wind, and couldn’t even feel the warmth of the sun against her skin.
"Hey princess, it's like 3 in the morning. Totally way past your bedtime. Why are you still awake?" Tony said when he noticed Ruby just standing next to where Bruce was, looking at nothing. "Ruby, you okay there?"
“Wait!” Steve and Tony paused and turned to see Peter with his mask back on. “Take me with you.”
What's important is that Ruby felt like she could trust these people, much like how she knew that she could trust Tony and Steve.
. Stephen recalled Tony referring to the girl with that name.
"What do you say, Ruby?" Steve asked. In the end, it would be her decision anyway.
"Couldn't sleep?" Ruby looked behind her shoulder. Steve leaned against the frame of the glass panel. It looked like he was woken up from his sleep considering that he was still in his pyjamas.
Immediately, Ruby dropped the stool and rushed to help him support his weight.
He popped a cookie in his mouth that he found sitting on the table top, not even caring that it was half eaten already.
She wasn't fully prepared to be webbed against the back of a door that slammed shut as quickly as she opened it. "What the hell!"
"Friday, where's Ruby and Peter?"
"We have to go, Team. Follow the plan." Tony was snapped out of his reverie upon hearing the voice of his Captain. They locked eyes and he nodded. His worry must have been very obvious to Steve because the next thing he knew, the man was pulling him into a one-armed hug which Tony returned with both of his arms snaking around the Captain's waist, his head resting lightly on his chest.
Ruby’s face turned red at what Tony called Peter and she gave Steve a smile when he placed a comforting hand on her shoulder.
"There's nothing much really." Ruby started. "I mean, I used to live in Michigan with my parents. Got captured by HYDRA. Lost my parents. Then now I'm here." Wanda nodded her head. She could empathise with her loss of parents, especially at such a young age. If there was only a way to prevent young kids like her from experiencing all this trauma, she would have done it.
"What do you say, Princess? Wanna sky dive?"
"You didn't hurt me, sweetheart. It was an accident." Apparently, that was the wrong thing to say because the kid started to sob even more as she broke down into the ground with knees clutched tight close to her chest. Steve tried to calm her down but she flinched away when he tried to touch her so both men were in conflict on how to convince her that it wasn't her fault. In the end, Tony had to calm her down by counting their breaths together.
"I didn't realise the gym is off limits for me now." Ruby replied to which Tony just rolled his eyes.
"What are you smiling about?" Vision's smile grew even wider before saying, "Just thinking about you."
Maybe she could wait until sunrise before going back to her room.
Tony gave her a small smile and nodded.
Then Tony remembered the moment just before Ruby fainted. He was quite sure that it was an electromagnetic force, originating from Ruby, which caused them to be thrown backwards.
* * *
Steve and Tony tried not to wince when they heard the nicknames they call Ruby being used by their counterparts.
Ruby decided not to tell Steve. By the way his face frowned in pity about the solid food thing, Ruby had a feeling that his reaction would be so much worse if he came to know that a feeding tube was forced down her throat from time to time.
Infinity showed Ruby everything that Eternity annihilated. She saw him, albeit a different face but with the same azure eyes, burning a planet down with its inhabitants. He even altered the pull of gravity of two galaxies, causing them to collide and damning all the life forms that lived within them. For a long time, Eternity took vessels, leaving a trail of dead bodies as he finished with them.
"Sounds like you have a lion in there."
Please don't tell anyone. I don't want to be sent to a mental hospital." Ruby pleaded nicely with a smile.
"And it wasn't really our fault as well." Peter added.
"Do not argue with me, servant."
Tony Stark, the home library was extravagant yet cosy. The entirety of the walls was covered with dark built-in mahogany bookshelves. The wooden floor matched the colour of the shelves and slightly to the left, was a 4 piece beige sectional sofa which faced the full panel glass windows that led to a balcony where one could see the skyline of New York City.
"Stop giving me that look, Natalia." Bucky said without even glancing at her to know exactly what kind of look the woman was giving him. He rolled his eyes but continued chewing on his food while picking the jalapenos out in there. Steve just shook his head at his best friend's antics but made a promise to himself that he would still talk about this to him in private.
"No." He replied and with hopeful expectancy, he asked, "You?"
Dr Banner went back to jotting down some notes on his record book about Ruby's health and she didn't know exactly what to say so she just kept quiet and pretended that the floor was very fascinating to look at.
"You're access codes will not be authorised in Tony's lab for a week, Peter."
The gloved hand caging her face released its grip only to backhand her face so hard. It was loaded with so much force that she felt the skin of her left cheek peel off. She screamed but she didn’t get the time to recover because Mordo kneed her stomach, hastily knocking the breath out of her. Again and again, the man kicked, punched and slashed. Most of them landed on raw flesh and Ruby couldn’t take the pain anymore.
"I'm sorry, Wanda." The brunette shook her head and placed her coffee mug down to the tray. "Your brother's hot though. May his soul rest in peace." Wanda chuckled at Ruby's attempt of humour. She crossed her legs and turned her body fully towards Ruby. She stared hard at her eyes, pupils swinging from side to side. Her forefinger was softly tapping a rhythm against her chin. Unsure of what to do, Ruby fisted her hands at her side and cleared her throat. Then Wanda seemed like she found whatever she was looking for and straightened her back. "You're afraid." She said with an air of finality.
A startling alarm suddenly blared through 20 minutes after Peter just left the tower. Ruby was so confused to see everyone rushing through the elevator. Their stance and posture were rigid and screamed of practiced discipline. With no clue of what to do, Ruby just followed them in.
Ruby was
“They are cosmic beings, meaning they were highly involved with the creation of the cosmos. Siblings with the same purpose, they cultured the universe together. However, Eternity decided to rebuild the universe, destroying galaxies after galaxies, but Infinity did not stand by that and so they took vessels to fight each other. Eternity took Mordo and Infinity took Ruby by forming soul bonds. That’s where Ruby got her abilities.”
* * *
He had an expression which Ruby couldn't really decipher. It was a mix of pure admiration with a hint of anger and rage. She didn't know why he had that face on but she immediately felt bad for asking him the question.
She slowly turned her head to the direction of the voice and cracked her eyes open. She was back to the place where she first saw the embodiment of the Voice and immediately, Ruby knew that it must be Infinity who called out for her.
This only led to one question though. Should she tell someone about this or not?
Ruby and Peter high-fived in victory.
It was easy to say that her relationship with these two superheroes had progressed even further. But Ruby would say that the relationship between the two men had definitely changed too. She could see it with their interactions. The longing looks, the small smiles they give when they thought nobody else was looking. Just like now, Ruby could clearly see the sparking tension as they tackle each other. But no one mentioned anything about it. Even when they see Steve's hand hanging at the back of Tony's chair when they eat dinner together, or when Tony always seem to doze off Steve's shoulder during movie nights.
Tony wanted to call her out for saying thank you about taking her to the theme park because he believed that it was basically his fault that Ruby had a panic attack. If he didn't suggest to go to that damn theme park, Ruby wouldn't have to relieve traumatic events in her life.
Her chase led her in front of a bank. The site was already closed off with barricade tape and was surrounded by officers, reporters and even the SWAT team. Ruby hid herself inside a dark alleyway but still with a clear view of what was happening.
Steve was definitely convinced that the girl was enhanced. In no way could a girl with more bone than muscle could punch her way through a hundred pound bag without breaking a sweat, that even Tony himself who's had years of training struggled to keep up with. Steve decided not to call Ruby out about it. From what it looked like, she either had no idea of what she had done considering how she was just staring at the bag on the floor with confused eyes.
Consume her.
"She didn't even have a name, Steve." Tony snapped him away from his thoughts.
Ruby thanked all the saints she could name in her head for Bucky not calling her crazy. She herself believed that she was already treading on the path of being borderline insane but it was nice to see someone not getting hanged up too much on semantics.
Then a portal opened and out stepped a woman.
* * *
Bucky sat down in front of her and slid a plate of chicken sandwich. He gestured for her to eat and Ruby didn't hesitate to dig in especially after hearing her stomach grumble. She wasn't actually supposed to eat solid food yet but Steve nor Tony wasn't here and Bucky didn't know about that.
sweet wife and alter her memories to convince her that her husband had been coming home every night after office hours watching soccer, rather than bewitched into unconsciousness under a sorcerer's spell and stocked inside his own office cupboard, tied up.
Ruby rolled her eyes at the thought that this creature had a soul. Despite being completely out of the loop and unsure of what the Voice just told her to do, Ruby didn't hesitate to climb the eight feet tall monster with her enhanced speed. She cradled its head with both of her hands, the fiery orange strips of energy coming from the tips of her fingers danced across its face and neck. It tried to struggle, its sharp claws swung and slashed down her back. She felt them dug deep in her skin, making her scream in agony but she didn't let go.
She's heard Steve and someone else talking about her when they were in some kind aircraft, but she found it hard that she's actually out of that place; with the help of the Avengers nonetheless. And even though she wasn't really going to trust anyone easily enough after what happened to her, she knew that they were good people. Perhaps, nothing bad would come back to bite her in the ass.
With a sigh, Ruby asked Friday if there was a library anywhere in the tower. Thankfully, there was one in the communal floor just across from the living room.
Steve looked at the wall clock and frowned. It was already 10:30pm. Most of the time, Ruby either calls or leaves a message if she knew that she will come home later than what she asked permission for. With a strange, anxious feeling in his chest, he paused the movie and pulled his phone out to call Ruby. He called twice but there was no answer both times.
Ruby found herself smiling. It was shockingly cute.
“Now, as much as it had been fun, I need to cut this short. There are other things I’d like to experiment with. Ruby, would you please be a dear and say your last words?” The girl just silently looked at the camera. Even though she didn’t utter a single word, her eyes spoke volumes and Steve couldn’t help but choke down sob at her predicament.
One that could probably see eye to eye to the one above all.
Another bucket of water was splashed on her.
He didn’t wait for a response. Peter tossed a string of web, wrapped it around the demon’s waist and used it to pound his fellow hell spawns.
She felt her heart slam against her ribcage because no matter how powerful she got, she wasn’t an expert in combat at all, but now was not the time to fret. She placed all her worries aside and focused on the matter at hand.
"Where's Bruce?" Steve asked. Bruce was usually the one up early in the morning almost every day so Steve found it quite unusual that he's not in the common room yet.
Jesus Christ.
"I know you." She said. "You're Captain America. Saw you all over the news before with the Avengers."
"I'm going to College?" Ruby's eyes twinkled in joy when Tony mentioned it.
With the sound of metal scraping against metal, the vault door parted open from the middle.
Satisfied with the way she told her off, Ruby turned away from the waitress and followed the direction where she saw Peter slinging against her better judgement. As she was walking down the road, police cars raced through a moment after. No doubt that they would be where Peter was. On instinct, Ruby started to run in the pavement trying not to lose the cars. She knew it was futile to hope that she could keep up with motor engines, so imagine her surprise when she felt a boost of energy down her legs. Bit by bit, her muscles felt as though they weigh nothing at all and that she could run for hours. She felt so light and so freaking fast.
Luke, as what the man preferred to be call, insisted that he accompany her to her lesson much to Ruby's dismay. With tension in the air that Ruby didn't really know where it was coming from, the three minute walk seemed like forever. She couldn't be more thankful when they finally reached the room and the man left her standing next to door after telling her to feel free about approaching him if she needed help or anything.
"Damn it!" Ruby's fingers were so close to touching the side of his arm! The block Bucky was on was too far away for her to jump but if she didn't, she would have to go around and that would give Bucky so much time to get away from her.
"Ow! What the hell!" Ruby shouted as she scrambled backwards away from her assailant while she stroked her cheek to soothe the pain. It took her a few moments before she recognised who just hit her.
The Voice warned.
Even for just a moment.
“Don’t ever scare me like that again.”
“I’ll see you guys later!” With that, she waved goodbye and hurried towards the elevator.
Finally, his anger seemed to dissipate and gave both Ruby and Peter one last look before announcing that he would be down his lab and stormed through the elevator.
'Shut. The. Hell. Up.'
"Yeeees. I'm sure I'll beat you though so don't cry when I do."
Peter was happily web slinging around Manhattan because he was too pumped up to just take the train from his apartment to the Avengers Tower. He heard that they were called in for a mission right after he left for home a week ago. Since he's technically an Avenger, albeit in training, he wanted to ask why they didn't call him in. Plus, he actually forgot to pay Mr Stark a visit for his new suit adjustments.
"Exactly. They're practically your fathers."
He knew that the team would go straight to the kitchen because they always turn into hungry hyenas after a mission.
“Tony.”
She told him a million times that she didn't do well with heights but Ruby now knew that Tony did not have a single nerve of empathy in his body going by the way his grin went even wider when she told him about her fear.
"Uh, sorry for just coming into your workshop." The man just waved his hand frenziedly, still holding the screwdriver, as if to say that it was nothing to worry about.
She honestly felt like she could sleep for weeks. Heck, years even.
"Uh, yeah, go ahead." Ruby ignored the Voice's refusal as she saw Wanda's fingers reach out for her temples. By instinct, Ruby closed her eyes and soon enough the darkness behind her eyes was filled with a vision. There were children. Two, to be precise. It didn't take too long for Ruby to figure out that she was looking at a young Wanda and Pietro along with their father. They seemed blissful, happy and content, but as swift as a raging bullet, the children's smiles vanished into thin air.
powers.
But despite of all this transcendence the Voice was showing her, Ruby could see so much death. And in the middle of the countless corpses was her. All in a white dress standing proud with self-proclaimed graciousness as her eyes blazed bright in power.
And just with the Voice softly calling out for her name, every single thing that overstimulated her senses was repressed.
"Race you!" She challenged before hurrying away from Iron Man.
Shit.
"Do not engage, the Avengers would arrive shortly."
The doctor watched as Tony placed the unconscious girl on the bed while Steve and Peter automatically assumed their positions on the either side of it.
It has been three days, had she been staying cooped and locked up in her room ever since her panic attack. Both Steve and Tony had been knocking on her door twice a day just to check in but mostly it was Steve who always made sure she was eating by leaving a food tray outside the door.
And just before he was about to enter the vault, Cap added, "Make sure it goes boom."
Her eyes met with the malicious shade of azure. The very same ones she swore she would forget and bury deep within in her soul.
The boy's eyes swirled with dark red mixed with dull grey, making them appear bloodlust. His soft smile turned wider, sharper and sinister. Ruby approached closer and closer with the urge of separating the two. The boy yelped out an ear-splitting scream when Ruby wrenched him away from the man and kicked her in the stomach with a force no child should have.
* * *
The stench of rotting leaves and tree branches, made her cough all the way through until she found herself in a grassland. Only this one had more dead twigs and less green leaves.
"Yeah, about that, uh, it would dissolve in two hours." He replied as he scratched the back of his head guiltily. "Sorry."
They sat stiffly on the round table, all their attention centered towards the screen. Fury wasn't surprised with their reaction. Ever since the Avengers have defeated Thanos, Rogers and the Winter Soldier had been working with SHIELD to dismantle the remaining hydra base operations while the others offered mission support from time to time.
One way or another.
He momentarily crouched down and raised his shield to cover himself as it got too bright and too warm to breathe. After a couple of seconds, he opened his eyes and couldn’t hide the gasp of surprise when he saw all the demons reduced into ashes. Scanning his surroundings, he saw Tony pulling himself up on a standing position. Relieved that he was alright, Steve immediately looked for Peter whom he found perched on a piece of rubble.
"We meet again, my dear Ruby." Ruby twisted her face out of Mordo's grasp which only made him chuckle lightly. Instead of touching his captive, Mordo decided to keep his distance first and sat at a chair directly opposite to the girl.
Unlocking the door open, it revealed a massive parkour training room.
"Yup." Bucky said, popping the 'p' at the end of the word as he slowly nodded. The kid looked so dejected at the fact and Bucky couldn't help but wonder why.
FRIDAY saved Tony from answering Steve’s suggestion by announcing Ruby’s arrival in the work lab. They heard a series of gentle knocks before the door swung open to reveal the young girl. Ruby was formally dressed, ready for a presentation at school with her bag slung across from her left shoulder.
Whatever that is.
What is this place?
"That was a signal that the Director of SHIELD needs us in the headquarters. If it's alright with Cap and Tony, I wouldn't mind staying in the tower with you. I assume you'd like company rather than being alone?" Ruby felt touched that the doctor actually thought of her well-being. However, she didn't want to damn the nice man into babysitting duties. She wasn't a child anymore, she didn't need constant adult supervision. And the tower is the safest place she could ever be.
"Somebody's eager today." Tony said as he passed a cup of black coffee to Steve. He lied down on the couch. His head cushioned against the arm rest while his feet automatically found their way on top of Steve's folded legs.
That information made Steve look abruptly next to the man beside him. "Are you sure that's a good idea? Hydra might still be looking for her and‒
Vision didn't know whether that information should put him at ease, because at least they had a clue on what the girl might be, or put him on the edge. It looked like Wanda was more on tipping over the latter, going by the crease between her eyebrows and the way her eyes slightly turned bright red in apprehension.
“Hey, that’s enough, Tasha.” He said as he ran his fingers down her hair. “That’s enough.”
Not long after, Ruby and Tony reached the penthouse. For some reason, Ruby was getting this strange feeling about both Tony and Steve being very far away from her and placing themselves in a probably dangerous situation.
Tony shrugged his shoulders and agreed with her. If that was what she wants, then so be it. He already programmed a few protocols into Friday anyway to make sure of Ruby's safety when they're not around. He was confident that Ruby will just be fine for a few hours.
Tony’s grip on Steve’s hand got tighter, “Steve, She’s dead. The girl is fucking dead, Steve! Where the hell are her parents?”
"The library is always empty except weekends when Peter stays here overnight, so I know I wouldn't run the risk of seeing Stevie with my wounds. That man is a mother hen." Bucky explained which made Ruby chuckle, but considering the little facts she knew about what these two men had been through together, she understood where Steve was coming from. If her best friend died and came back alive, she would have a hard time letting them out of sight too, let alone sending them alone to solo missions.
"Thanks Friday."
He was sat on a chair in between the two beds, waiting for either of them to wake up just so he could grill the dumbasses for being such dumbasses.
"Alright. Enough of my sister. Let's talk about the Avengers." Ruby glared at the man. It was all she could do, really. She’d rather look at him with hatred than cry her ass off waiting for someone to save her again.
Steve rose from his seat and fixed Ruby’s collar as it was standing up from the back. Then he placed his large paw on top of Ruby’s head before smiling down at her. “Have fun with Ned and Peter.” Finally, Ruby looked at Steve and gave him a big smile.
Poor Peter completely misunderstood Ruby's silence. He knew all about how Ruby lost her parents. Ruby could see the moment Peter realised what he just said and his eyes widened in panic.
"Yeah, I know. Human centipede isn't exactly my kind of flavour as well. So what are we gonna watch today? Please don't tell me it's one of those black and white movies released in the 1940's. Save those for Bucky." Tony pleaded, not taking his eyes off the Starktablet from where he was reviewing his latest project but Steve still saw the pout he was sporting from this angle.
Hi lovelies! Who watched End Game already? Imma watch it this weekend and I'm so hyped for it!!! Anyways, enjoy this chapter!
Steve looked down at Tony's eyes for a moment and then smiled in defeat. He thought for a moment about what the other man’s statement implied. Of course, Tony was right. He remembered the time when he locked Wanda up in the Tower during the whole debacle with Ultron and he didn't want a repetition of that all.
"Uh, yeah, he is. Remember when we went to the beach to celebrate your birthday? The man literally wouldn't stop finding seashells because you said you wanted to collect a hundred of them. Or that one time you begged him to allow you to go the circus with me and he folded faster than the speed of light, despite you being grounded." Peter argued.
"Let's go, Vis. Tony needs us."
' The Voice muttered at the back of her mind.
Meanwhile, Ruby was still fully awake in the confinement of her bedroom. She had been so distracted with so many questions in her mind about how she freakily managed to magic her twisted joint to a fully functioning ankle in a matter of seconds.
Tony gave her a salute and entered the elevator to meet up with the rest of his team.
"So, what do you wanna do in College?" Bucky asked to distract her from whatever she was thinking. The girl closed the folder with a snap and quickly replaced her frown with a smile before looking at Bucky. It didn’t escape those who were watching her though.
There was no other word to describe it but say that this power she had was alive.
Soon enough, the power came back and both men did not have to speak out loud to voice out their mutual intention of providing Ruby the moments of peace she desperately needed.
Infinity wasn’t like her brother at all. She cared for their creation, but she couldn’t help but feel like a hypocrite when she was using their own creation to defeat Eternity.
"Don't you sass us now Peter!" Ruby's eyes twinkled when Tony unconsciously slipped out Peter's name.
"What the hell, Ruby?" Tony ran down to Steve who was already arguing that he was fine and that it was alright.
After sending the message to the assassin twins, Bucky didn’t waste time and started to look at what he gathered from his previous missions. Although he knew that it was highly likely that HYDRA have Ruby, he didn’t want to present his idea without a concrete evidence. It wouldn’t help but aggravate the raw emotional response this situation was creating.
"Come on. I'll show you to my favourite part of the tower."
Imagine what people would think if they hear a random teenage girl tell them that she once saw the Winter Soldier cooking chicken in his tactical vest while his mouth was stuffed like a chipmunk with a whole cupcake.
"Dumbass."
“I don’t understand how you could see my life energy but I’m telling you that I’m not dead. Even if I am, I’ll defy all the laws of nature to come back to life. So get your shit together because we have one son of a bitch to kill.”
The Voice commented again in the middle of Ruby icing her cupcake up. Still convinced that she was going crazy, Ruby paid it no attention and just proceeded in outlining some flowers.
There were a few abrasions and bruises here and there but no serious ones. Nothing an antibiotic ointment and gauze could patch up. Just as about he was to open her eyes to check her irises, he saw the girl looking dead straight at him, observing him.
Wanda dropped the wooden spoon next to the pot she was tending to. With a mischievous smirk, she sauntered her way towards Vision, making sure that her hips was subtly swinging from side to side with every step she took.
he commited when he was HYDRA's Winter Soldier. Even after all this time, they still couldn't fully convince him that none of that was his fault, and that he, himself, was a victim. But seventy years of manipulation and forced psychological conditioning couldn't be undone with just mere semantics and conviction so they would accept what they could get.
As expected from
“Tony, I’m seeing this correct, right?” Steve asked to confirm, but Tony was too flabbergasted to answer.
Double damn it.
Steve must have seen the protest surfacing across Ruby's face because he looked at her with warning, eyebrow slightly raised, as if daring her to complain. She just nodded her head in agreement and hoped that she would be able to manage her insomnia so she won't pass out in doing physical activities tomorrow.
Tony's voice snapped out the girl out of her reverie and quickly cleared her throat before speaking. "Hi, sorry." She mumbled as she gave him a soft smile.
Ruby thought to herself but kept her silence. She continued to stare dead straight into Mordo's eyes. She'll be damned if she showed even a little bit of weakness from her previous and, well, as much as it pained to say it, her
"That might not actually be true." Both boys looked at Ruby in confusion. "I may have deliberately aimed badly when I was shooting the ball."
"Oh my god, Steve! There's two of you now! No, you can't trick me with those puppy eyes!" He exclaimed while Steve just laughed at his misery.
As soon as she voiced that out, Steve's eyes widened in concern and asked Dr Banner when she could start eating some solid food. Unfortunately, she would have to retain a liquid diet for up until 2 weeks and gradually introduce solid food again as to not upset her stomach. At least, she wouldn't have to use a feeding tube.
"Give us a minute."
"They are in the kitchen, Captain." The AI answered and Steve immediately went down where the kids were. The smell of bacon, eggs, and waffles filled his nose as soon as he stepped a foot in the kitchen. Ruby was bent over the counter, still whipping up some mix while Peter was trying to fry both bacons and eggs at the same time in two different pans.
Who even does that?
"That is so unfair!" She shouted as she struggled to catch her breath.
Ruby opened her eyes and took several breaths to get her heart rate in control. Once more, she shut her eyes close but the scientists were back there again. Again and again she attempted to go to sleep. She made sure her lamp was turned on before she went to sleep, but it was still dark when she closes her eyes.
"Don't I feel treated like royalty today." He teased, giving a sly smirk and regarded the two teenagers with a fond expression. It took him about 20 seconds before his lips twitched into a smile and said, "Apology accepted."
In the end, all he found was loaf bread, chicken breast and some lettuce.
His stance hardened, his gaze focused intently on the words spelt in every page. Deadly silent, he passed the documents back and bent the grilles apart open with his bare hands. Just enough that they could cut off the security wires, making the lockdown of the door to malfunction.
The Voice warned.
She abruptly stopped.
In the end, Tony had no choice but to take the gun and shoot the towers. Ruby couldn't help letting out a loud,
"You could start on Monday, actually. Let me just call admissions up." Ruby wasn't really surprised that Tony was able to convince the College to admit her even at the middle of the school year. He asked Ruby if she was willing to catch up with the work and with just a nod, the man went on a heads-on negotiation with whoever on the phone was.
The voice ordered.
Unfortunately, one of the scientists managed to survive the blow. He was kneeling, one side of his face burnt raw but he was laughing. His eyes were twinkling with malice. Natasha slowly crept forward towards him until her dagger was only an inch apart from his neck.
"I said shut up!" Ruby didn't realise that she shouted that out loud until both Natasha and Spidey were both looking at her like she's gone crazy. The steel spatula she was using to mix more icing was split in half with how hard she squeezed it.
So with both of his hands cupping Ruby's cheeks, Bucky looked at her straight into the eyes. "No, Ruby. Nobody will send you down to the scientists. Nobody will think you're crazy." He spoke slowly, with absolution and complete honesty.
"Right, I'm so sorry. Never could be too cautious nowadays. I'm Spider Man, by the way." He extended his hand to offer a handshake but awkwardly pulled it back away when he realised that Ruby was still webbed against the door.
At the moment, Tony was in some kind of tech room. It was littered with rows of computers that look so outdated, it made him resist the urge to wince. Tony looked around. Not really sure what he was looking for, but he believed that he was skilled enough to notice something out of place and shouldn't be here.
"Tony, Steve, I'm really sorry about my behaviour for the last few days. It was very rude of me to just lock myself up when you didn't even have to give me a room in your tower. Thanks for taking me to the theme park as well. It was really nice of you to do that." Ruby said while looking straight into their eyes in the hope that they would see how sincere she was.
"When Princess here started to leak orange thingies from her hands, I had Friday run a scan of her biology and was surprised to see that her glowing things had a similar molecular structure as those of our dearest Wanda." Tony started. "Whether their abilities came from the same origin or not, that I do not know. I would have to do some tests, of course with Ruby's and Wanda's permission, to answer that question. So you see, I thought having Wanda show Ruby the ropes of her power would be quite wise. I mean, technically, we don't know if they have the same ability but close enough, right?"
"God." Bucky moaned as he chewed on the waffles and bacon. "You guys should be assigned for team breakfast from now on." Both Ruby and Peter chuckled at the thought. Little did they know that there were about 20 bags of flour hiding in the pantry and about 5 dozens of burnt egg thrown in the trash can.
He couldn't pinpoint what exactly was causing him to feel this way but it was putting him on edge. And he didn't like being on edge. It made him paranoid and shaky and hypervigilant. That always never end well.
He watched in disbelief as the girl’s eyes glowed with fiery amber and her melted skin healed back to their normal supple texture.
“She’s having a cardiac arrest. Tony, oh my god. Ruby’s having a cardiac arrest.” Steve anxiously stated and unconsciously gripped Tony’s hand with his. He knew that this wasn’t technically their Ruby but Steve couldn’t help the twinge of alarm upon seeing someone, who looked exactly like Ruby, die in front of him.
"Most kids usually just tune me out when I start on a lecture." He said as he wrapped the cuff of the sphygmomanometer around Ruby's exposed arm to measure her blood pressure.
"I gotta make sure Tony doesn't harangue Ruby about her powers." Steve joked then nodded at Bucky to keep an eye on the kid.
Flashes of someone's, ‒ a man's life played in her mind. He was in the playground, rocking the swing his little boy was on. They looked so content and happy. The boy was giggling, his smile reached his tiny little ears as his chubby hands clutched at the chains to ground himself onto the seat. Then the boy looked at Ruby and gave her a small smile, causing Ruby return one of her own.
Tony and Steve would have told Friday to inform her if they were already back and even then, they wouldn't use the library balcony to come in.
"Knock all the eight towers down and it's all yours!" With a smug smile thinking that she could do it, Ruby didn't hesitate to pick up a gun and shoot. Each release of breath was in sync with every bullet she dropped. It didn't escape both Steve and Tony to take in the practiced stance she effortlessly fell into.She was on the last tower when Ruby lost her concentration and failed to knock it down.
Ruby didn't know whether to be relieved that the Voice's chattering seemed to stop, or to feel even more nervous than usual because she didn't know what the Voice was up to. After all, it wasn't like she could tell what the Voice was spewing in her non-existent metaphorical brain even when she was constantly chattering. What more when she was silent?
"You couldn't have waited for a shower?" He teased and Ruby just stuck her tongue out before taking her hand wraps and throwing them at Steve. He dodged and it hit the wall behind him. Steve gave her a triumphant grin to which Ruby returned with a roll of her eyes.
Being the book lover that she was, Ruby excitedly looked through the many titles in the collection. She was absolutely pleased to find that there was a huge section for fiction fit for her age.
Zombie. That was the most accurate word someone could describe her right now.
Lacking the energy to even bother retorting back, Peter just webbed himself up and sat next to Ruby. He got them four orders of double bacon smokehouse burgers and a hot chocolate. Both teenagers were too hungry that for half an hour or so, they didn't even talk. The sound of chewing and slurping coupled with the roar of engines filled the silence.
"Mordo." Ruby spoke the name with disdain.
Ruby nodded her head. She remembered the Voice mentioning that one time.
For the first time ever since she's heard the Voice, as weird and confusing it was, Ruby found herself feeling a sort of calmness and serenity. ‘
"Aww. You're no fun. How about we play a cupcake design competition, instead?" Ruby could already see his eyes twinkling at the suggestion despite the mask.
"My best friend, I call him Bucky because it's short for his second name that he doesn't like very much." Steve let out a small chuckle at the thought. "He was the one who looked after me ever since we were children. Even during the war, he still smacked my head silly whenever he thinks I'm gonna do something reckless."
The Voice said but no matter what it says, Ruby would never ever believe that it's real. She understood that hearing voices in the head is a sign of some kind of mental health problem. So as long she could still differentiate between what's real or not, she'll be fine.
"Guys, do you want to see something cool?" Everybody just raised an eyebrow at her.
"Thank you for that Bruce, but we might need the Hulk. We'll decide who will stay with Ruby once Fury informed us of the situation."
Of course, that didn't end so well for her. She felt stupid about challenging a man that had been flying through the skies of New York for years. It wasn't her fault that the city looked so different from the top view. She may or may not have accidentally landed on someone else's penthouse.
"Steven Grant Rogers! This is the last time I'm touching the kitchen ever again!"
"Symbiogenesis, right?" Ruby chuckled at the surprised look that the doctor gave her.
Ruby looked at the Woman in front of her with sheer disdain. Whatever this thing that was living inside her head was evil and she wouldn't let her take over that easily. Not when she still had fight left in her.
look as he give him a speech about the immorality of slapping a lady, while Bucky shake his head in disapproval behind Cap and Mr Stark telling him to go to his lab afterwards.
Both Ruby and Peter paled at the AI's patronising voice. It looked like even Friday wasn't exactly happy with their behaviour tonight, so Peter really felt bad for asking her his next request. "Yeah, about that. Uh, would you mind not telling Mr Stark and Cap that we've come home?"
Ruby saw her reflection force a smile.
Ruby tried to figure out what or who was talking to her but it was too bright; she could only make out a faint outline of her face. She didn't understand why she spoke as if she's known her for a long time. Although even with this, she was quite astonished with how at ease she felt in her presence.
It didn’t take long for all the three superheroes to notice that something was beginning to happen with Ruby. She was hovering above the ground, a glowing amber globe resting in the middle of her chest. Her eyes were wide and twinkled with fiery. Slowly, the globe grew brighter and bigger.  Now the demons all looked up at her. Entranced by the sight, the fighting all but stopped as they contemplated what the hell was going on in silence.
"Sorry about that." Ruby smiled. "I'm Ruby."
Boy, did they get sloppy. They all know full well to stay out of the cameras. Is this what staying around in the tower for a couple of months does to them?
“We’ll handle this. I already called in Ant man, Falcon and War machine for back up. Go get Ruby back.” Bucky calmly said as he dislodged the strap of the M249  hanging on this shoulder.
"Where's my cupcakes at? Oh look at these cuties." Clint excitedly reached out when he saw Spider Man offering him the tray.
Ruby hadn’t seen Infinity’s face before, even in her visions, but she was sure that the voice that occupied her mind for so long belonged to her. Now that she could properly distinguish her features, she could tell that her eyes were the same shade of fiery orbs that Ruby’s eyes turn into when she uses her abilities.
Ruby, on the other hand, was standing frozen, right in the middle of the boxing ring. Her eyes were glued to where Tony crouched beside Steve. Thoughts ran through her head. All these countless hours of training, of perfecting her skills, of controlling her abilities had all gone down to waste.
"I bet your drug hasn't affected my ability to spit on your face." Mr O'malley's expression contorted in fury as Ruby's saliva made contact with the centre of his face. Damn if she was spitting at the face of her school principal. She knew all along that there was something wrong with this man.
Ruby released the breath she didn't even realise she was holding and helped support Peter's weight by wrapping his arm around her shoulder.
“V, are you dying?” She asked.
Back to where her captors were.
Ruby couldn't remember the last time she felt so free like this, smiling to the point that she would almost rip her cheeks. The rush of adrenaline made her forget every single worry she had in the world. Right now, all she was focused on was the combined sound of their gasping breaths and the excited thumps of their feet.
"Of course you can join too!These are your cupcakes in the first place!" Ruby replied back with an awkward laugh, and in a blink of an eye, her blank stare turned into a huge smile. "Yay! We can make Clint judge which one is the best."
The Voice warned.
"You're only afraid because you don't understand. I am afraid too, for the same reason." Ruby couldn't hide the flinch when Wanda admitted that even she was scared of Ruby so it took Ruby by surprise when Wanda enveloped her fingers with her own, in an attempt to provide comfort. "But together, we could understand."
"No, it's alright. It's my favourite flavour." He replied as he took the sweet in his hand, smiling at the thought that Steve remembered what he likes.
By the end of it, exhaustion crawled in her legs and she stumbled onto her knees, eventually falling down onto her side as she tried to breathe as hard as she could.
Proud of the way she was thinking, Ruby reached for her phone only to drop it on the floor when she saw Spidey got thrown against the wall so hard, she was sure she heard his bones crack. The symbiote picked up a nearby eight wheeler track and was getting ready to slam it at the limp Spidey on the ground.
Clint on the other hand, decided to sprawl himself; stomach flat on the floor, while complaining about women and their barbaric way of waking people up.
"Friday, can you please put on The Hobbit? The first one."
It would actually never cease to amaze Tony just how much Steve eats.
"I'll give you fifty bucks if you don't tell anyone about my injury."
Ruby gasped when Wanda mentioned the Voice. She didn't recall telling her about that. Actually, she didn't want to know how Wanda figured out.
Mordo's eyes glinted with malice as he dragged open the case and pulled out a cleaver.
That wasn't too bad of a punishment actually. Ruby thought she could probably do with some training considering she doesn't really have anything to do much in the Tower. She was just about to ask what they would be working on when Steve cut him off, "We'll start at 5AM sharp."
It looked like the SWAT team didn't even need to swoop inside the bank because the next thing Ruby saw was Spider Man breaking through the window and flying out to the street. And it wasn't the triumphant cinematic movie-like flying entrance either. Peter was literally having his ass kicked.
Just to check if there was something important that might prove to be useful for the mission and hoo boy, would you look at that. There he found a blueprint located securely inside a hidden compartment in the drawer.
She was surprised to see Dr Banner inside the elevator already.
Much to her dismay, Ruby opened her mouth to beg, “P-please, no m-more. P-please.”
Bucky looked unsatisfied and distrustful at her answer but thankfully he didn't press it. He just gave Ruby a knowing stare and said "Okay." before standing up and proceeded to walk out of the door.
"Oh shit!"
"Come back to me."
"Anyways, I'm gonna go now Ned. It was nice meeting you!" Ruby and Ned exchanged numbers before she went and thought about whether or not she should call Bucky to come pick her up. She was actually annoyed when Steve and Tony told her that they would be on rotational duty on who will accompany her to College for at least a month. She tried to complain that she could definitely handle herself and that the College was only half an hour walk, 15 minutes if she took the bus! But the two superheroes were not having it.
Nick Fury looked at the array of new information on the projector screen that Agent Coulson handed to him yesterday night. There seemed to be something fishy about the whole situation. He just couldn't point his finger at it.
"Yes, Master." The man obeyed and with a wave of his hand, he opened a portal back to the facility.
took her again.
"What?" he grumbled. "I didn't do anything to her."
"Oh he's in SHIELD headquarters. He said that he needed to look something over. Research about bacterial DNA and stuff. Something about needing a second eye." Tony answered and set his StarkTablet on the coffee table.
"Please?" He looked at Ruby, eyes widening as he took in her expression; her resemblance to Steve was utterly undeniable. The blonde hair and the blue eyes didn't help either.
"What about we come in through the library?" Ruby suggested. "Bucky said that no one usually stays in there except for you during the weekends."
Ruby herself, couldn't believe what she just done.
Although this wasn't his neighbourhood, Spider Man didn't discriminate on who to help. So to make sure that Ruby would be safe as possible, Peter scouted through the vicinity to find a coffee shop to drop her off. Landing just next to the main entrance, he sat Ruby down to one of the chairs and gave her his backpack.
"Nah, it's alright. My name is Mckenzie." Ruby said, resisting the urge to wince at giving them a fake name. They seem like really good people and she felt bad for deceiving them.
"That journal entry dates back to just three days ago." Stark pointed out, quick as always.
Steve frowned at that explanation, but Ruby didn’t let him speak and just continued.
God, just imagine the headline for tomorrow's newspaper: "
Soon enough, Clint and Natasha joined them in the living room. Both of them were wearing oversized jumpers, more so on Natasha which highlighted her skinny legs even more.
Wasting no time, Ruby formed luminescent spheres in her hand that resembled sizzling magma. She aimed continuously for Eternity’s head but the bastard had been quick. Deflating her attacks with an energy shield that was slowly bending against the spheres’ force, Eternity began to chant and mobilise a spell with his left hand.
Boy, was he wrong.
"Good, kitty." The kitten purred as Ruby scratched her fingers behind its ears. She had been completely entranced and taken by the creature that Ruby didn't even hear the footsteps that were clumsily and hurriedly heading towards her.
* * *
It was just a bit rude.
"Don't touch me!"
"Please, please, please."
He couldn't help but wince at the sight of Peter receiving sharp blows after sharp blows from the symbiote. They were just about to head out when a familiar blonde girl turn into the street while everyone else was running completely opposite to the direction she was heading.
Yes, she's hurting, but still very much alive. Then, all sorts of questions plagued her mind but only one stood out: What was her purpose in life now?
Tony Stark himself?
"I had a twin brother. He died protecting Clint and a child from Ultron."
With a final smile, Peter turned back and went on his street. Ruby sighed as she continued to walk on. The Voice was still quiet and as much as it pained her to admit it, she has gotten quite used to its constant humming. Without it, her mind felt so silent and she felt so utterly alone.
Ruby tried to reach out for the voice in her head. She didn't know whether she should call her by her actual name when conversing or stick to the nickname she’s given the entity. Also, she wanted to apologise. Having a little bit of time to cool herself down, she realised that she didn't actually meant what she said to the cosmic being before.
“You had no pulse.”
"Did you even sleep, Tones?" He gave a vague gesture to answer Steve's question. In all honesty, he can't actually remember if he did. Maybe he lied down on the couch for a few minutes then went back to work.
So making her eyes pop as big as possible, Ruby turned to Tony and passed him the gun.
Bucky looked at Peter whose eyes were still drying from tears. He narrowed his eyes and also noticed that Steve and Tony were abnormally on edge. He never saw these two lose composure in any of the missions they had, no matter how dangerous it got. So seeing them like this put even the winter soldier in some sort of unexplainable restlessness.
She was smiling in a field of corpses, bare hands soaked in blood and she looked
and waited for the soft, "Come in," before swinging the door open and peering in the room.
This wasn't important right now anyway. Whatever their intentions were, they have all been scrapped. She was safe now and nobody would be coming after her anymore.
Ruby never agreed so fast to anything throughout the whole 18 years of her existence. At least with Steve and Mr Stark, she knew she was safe. These were the people who saved her, after all.
Aw hell, that's like in the freaking military!
“I’ll try Spider baby.”  Tony said and wasted no time to dial his number.
"We'll only be gone for a few hours. If not by tonight, we'll be back tomorrow. If you need anything, just ask Friday." Tony said and he must have seen something fleet across Ruby's face because his expression softened.
Upon getting a full visual of her features, Bruce was taken by surprise with how much she resembled Steve. From the blonde of her hair down to the curve of her jaw.
Before he took off, Steve caught his attention once more.
Author's Note: Holy hell, guys! I watched End game and I think I felt my soul leave my body at the end of that movie. Honestly, it was the best. Have you all watched it? Anyways, enjoy the chapter! Thank you for all the people who gave kudos!
“Perhaps, my sister won’t be coming back anymore. A pity.” Mordo hissed. “What do you say, Ruby? Would you like a quick death, or a slow one?”
Ruby looked at the doctor with astonishment.
"Hey, hey, kid. It's alright. It's okay." Tony soothed as he touched Ruby's arm to get her attention. Her eyes flicked to him for a moment and then settled to look at Steve.
"I apologise, Boss. I assure you that there is no incoming hostiles within a 10 mile radius of the tower. I am currently looking for a viable explanation to how the power supply in the tower had been shattered and I took the liberty to start our generators to account for the power outage in the meantime. However, I must inform you that it appears that the outage occurred roughly at the same time when Miss Reid had violently woke up screaming from a nightmare. She's asked for Captain Rogers and is on her way down to the workshop." Friday explained which brought both men in a relaxed stance, though the uncertainty of the cause of the outage did not escape their minds.
With a smile, Ruby let the man have his rest while she headed to the kitchen to get some liquid detergent and a sponge. She went ahead to get rid of the blood stains on the carpet as quietly as possible so she didn't disturb Bucky in his rest. She knew he wasn't actually sleeping because she could still hear his irregular breathing pattern but providing some peace and serenity once in a while wasn't too hard of a task to do.
"That's really nice of you but I think your friend is in a hurry. I don't want to be a bother." Parker's attention immediately returned back to Ruby upon being called out. He shook his head repeatedly while apologising if he gave out an impatient impression, then proceeded to direct Ruby to the right hallway. They were both nice enough to actually escort her to the principal's room before they went to their respective lessons.
Because he wasn't really looking towards where he was slinging, Peter slammed flat, and face first against the glass window of the Tower. Thanks to Mr Stark's design, it didn't crack under the force and thanks to his spider abilities, he didn't fall down a thousand feet below. Crawling up as quickly as he could, Peter scanned the surroundings within the radius. He checked the roads and nearby buildings for anything that could have possibly attacked Ruby or something.
