“I… must confess I’m unfamiliar with pregnancy symptoms…” Sherlock confessed, looking embarrassed. It was always miraculous how this man’s pale face never seemed to blush when his embarrassment was founded on a lack of knowledge in any field.
"You know him?"
"Ms. Watson, are you in there?"
"You've heard of me? Nothing bad I hope."
"You want a girlfriend named... Jane?" John raised his eyebrows and bopped her in the forehead gently.
"You think that's what I care about? This could've been much worse, you absolute moron." Jane growled at him before sighing heavily. "If you weren't injured already, I'd smack you."
"Someday... I'll be a little more honest with you..." Jane said this incredibly quietly, cradling his head against her chest. "But I'm kind of terrified of how your view of me will change when you know the truth... that it will be the end between us..."
"Ah. That. Ms. Morstan was kind enough to give me your address."
One day during the week, Sherlock did something unexpected and asked Jane to accompany him to the village market. She had to pick her jaw up off the floor.
"I highly doubt that. There's very little you could do to actually provide me with the assistance I require." Jane rolled her eyes at the man's remark, offering her hand to shake.
"I am. Yes." John agreed, swallowing hard. "May I sit?"
What in the world had he just done?
"God willing." He knew that she was inquiring about his ability to return to her home, but his hopes were all too focused on returning to his own time. Maybe with some luck he could reverse whatever this was.
They had just been hiking a hill and, although Jane could see better now that night was nearly over and the sun was about to rise, she wasn't quite sure where they were.
There was a desperate cry for help from among the trees somewhere in the brush, the voice of a man.
With cries of ecstasy they came together and Sherlock gently let her legs down, not pulling out of her yet.
Whew, I'm sorry for taking so long to get this chapter out. I've been so busy this year, I haven't really been able to adhere to my writing schedule as much as I would've liked. Honestly, I might not be back to finish this story until next month, but I wanted to get this out before I move later this week. The very last chapter is going to be an epilogue that goes more in-depth into Sherlock's feelings and a few years into the future. Please look forward to it! As always, thank you for your support!
"You most certainly will dance with me, Mycroft, or I will have someone collect your toes." Euros interrupted her brother's protests, grabbing his arm and dragging him across the polished floor in the direction of the dance floor. Wolfson and Virginia looked at each other, shared a small chuckle and followed the two of them. Sherlock didn't follow after them but rather lingered next to Jane a moment.
With her dress picked out she left London to return to her lonely home. It was late by the time she got home so she simply went to bed.
"Hey, are you alright?" the man asked, raising an eyebrow. He had an American accent and by no fault of his own, his face was not the one John wanted to see. The ranger studied him for a moment. "Hey, you look familiar... Oh, you're John Watson!"
The world had sucked him in, chewed him up, and spit him out again and there was nothing more humiliating to him than the way all of his old friends treated him like he was some sort of broken toy, fragile and weak but sentimentally valuable. He was Captain of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, and he deserved some damn respect, damn it. He was a soldier; people had lived and died by his hands and yet here he was on a stipend so pathetic it was laughable, feeling the isolation that came from his injury. Truly, it was a wonder to him that he had clung to life for so long already.
"I'm sorry I took so long. Moriarty keeps his whiskey under locks. As it is, we should never tell him that we're using this to sanitize Mr. Holmes wound." Mary muttered, setting the supplies on a table next to Jane.
While John had managed to avoid most people in the small town, he and Molly had agreed that it would be best if he met new people. Molly to suggested that the blonde woman find some means of providing for their humble abode. Molly's work in her father's stable had provided for them well enough until now but there was only so much she could do on her meager salary.
"Um... may I come in?" Sherlock asked shyly, voice a little higher than usual, probably from nervousness she reasoned.
"It was fortunate timing for my return, I suppose... But it was not at all how I wished to come back..." Jane admitted sadly. "I'm happy I at least helped her, though. I won't know if she's alright until next week when I check up on her, but it's a relief that I could help at all."
"If you'll accept it."
"I'm right here, Euros. Honestly, you could try to make it less obvious that you came here to see me." Sherlock muttered, handing his gloves, coat, and blue scarf to a nearby servant to reveal a dashing suit underneath, similar to the ones he usually wore. His cravat was trimmed with light green lace and he looked around at his home with awe. He stepped towards his family, moving to stand next to Jane. Jane had thought she'd been relieved to have Sherlock here but as it turned out, his presence made her feel dizzy with nervousness. Whatever he was up to, it was obvious that he had not had any interest in being around her so to have him three feet away felt out of place. "Thank you, everyone, for coming. Merry Christmas. Shall we go to the ballroom and enjoy some music. We have six people here. For once no one will be singled out."
"It was a blood flow blockage in the brain. Assuming I got to her quick enough and she drinks enough rosemary tea, she should be alright. But if she has any side effects that you notice, Mr. Holmes, I would appreciate you telling me."
"Yeah. I see him."
"Molly Hooper?"
Sherlock Holmes about marrying him. I know that you kneed Mr. Moriarty in the groin. And I know that Mr. Holmes knows our address." Molly stated matter-of-factly. "Perhaps you would like to fill in the gaps for me, future Mrs. Sherlock Holmes?"
"John. Where have you been?" John couldn't help but wince at his own name. He glanced at Ranger Dimmock and patted Harry's shoulder.
Molly had fussed over her so much when she returned to their humble home drenched in water and had insisted on sitting Jane by the fire, huddled in all of the blankets in the house while she cooked up some soup in further attempt to warm her friend. It was actually quite sweet the way Molly was shuffling around, asking Jane if she was alright every so often. Jane understood her caution, being soaked for hours on end during this era could be fatal. Pneumonia was no joke and Jane was only too happy to comply with Molly's constant worrying and mothering.
"I'm sorry... I didn't mean to soak your shirt in tears..." she apologized, wiping away her tears and taking a shaky breath.
"Mother, father, may I come in? I have something rather urgent I would like to speak with you about." He cleared his throat, hearing his voice an octave higher than usual due to his nervousness.
"You want me to sit here with you?" She asked incredulously.
The rest of the evening was simplicity itself and went much better than she expected. Sherlock played the perfect gentleman as usual and everybody liked the decorations and simple gifts that Jane had gotten them. Christmas felt weird without the Christmas Crackers she grew up with but she felt a little less lonely than she had. And anything was better than how she felt about life almost a year ago.
"You shouldn't be fondling Ms. Watson as you try and help her." Sherlock said strictly. Jim only chuckled.
"More than the most qualified doctor you could name." Jane assured, carefully removing the shoe and then the sock to look at the skin to see if there was anything that was out of place. It appeared to be, for the most part, in order, but she wouldn't know for certain without testing the joint's movement. "I'm going to rotate it to make sure nothing's broken. Normally I'd offer for you to hold my hand but seeing as I'm going to need both hands, I'm going to offer you my leg. Give it a squeeze if the pain's too much."
"Not much of note." he answered, not bothering to pull his lips away from her still flushing skin. "She mostly tried to convince me that she was the better option between the two of you and that I should marry her instead."
"Yeah. Sure." Jane chuckled, watching him get ready with amusement and she started to make herself appropriate for her new lady's maid to help her dress (Molly obviously couldn't be her lady's maid anymore since she was now a Duchess by marriage). "Will you be home in time for dinner?"
"Has he done anything to you?" he asked, concern tinting his tone.
"How do you plan on seeing in the dark?"
"What?" Sherlock wondered, shifting to look her in the eyes.
You can also know when I update things by following my website, tumblr, or facebook page.
How Jane had found herself in this predicament, she'd never know. She was sitting on her bed, blushing furiously as she considered the fact that she had actually agreed to have sex with Sherlock Holmes. He was probably on his way home, arriving after her because he had agreed to stay a little after the party per a request that Mr. Lestrade had.
"That's rather..."
She applied the whiskey soaked cloth to his wound and he let out a groan of pain. She grabbed some thread and threaded it through the needle before dipping it and the string in the whiskey. She tied the knot and started to work carefully on Sherlock's wound, patching him up, stitch by stitch. After she finished the final stitch, she let out a breath she didn't realize she had been holding. Sherlock removed the cloth from his mouth and grabbed the whiskey to down half of what was left in the bottle.
"Shh, shh, Sherlock... It's alright..." She cooed and he relaxed against her, holding her close to him.
Many of you have expressed interest in a spin-off that goes more in-depth about Jane and Sherlock's children. I am sorry to say I don't anticipate ever writing one, that being said, I hope to go into it quite a bit with this final chapter. I hope you enjoy, and thank you once again for following me on this journey. I never expected the story to get the following it has.
"What kind of sister would I be if I let you live in those cruddy army veteran flats?" she smirked. The truth was, after the suicide scare, she was a bit overprotective and John living with her helped her just as much as she hoped it helped him.
"I'm your lady's maid, I'm supposed to be obsessed with your looks." Molly smirked and Jane felt her face mirror it.
"Holmes, just because I had a bad experience with Moriarty doesn't mean that I'm not willing to marry you still. I know you don't want to marry a boring woman. And I could really use a relationship with a man that doesn't want me for my body, but for a source of intelligible conversation."
"What I did last night?" He asked but it was obvious that Jane didn't have to answer that question when Sherlock grabbed a pillow and buried his face in it.
"I don't know what I'd say..." he admitted bashfully.
"I'm not sure Mr. Holmes would agree with that assessment," Jane admitted, rubbing the tears from her eyes.
"I'm fine. I'm doing well, actually." Jane answered the surprisingly normal and out of place question. "It's nice to be able to talk to you for once."
It had been nearly two and a half months since the night that Sherlock and Jane had first had sex, and though it had become a surprisingly regular thing Jane couldn't find a single complaint in the matter. She had practically moved into Sherlock's room now and while he would often leave the house during the day, it seemed he couldn't stay away for long because he was always home sometime before, during, or after dinner. Reignited were the happy hobbies of reading together, and Sherlock would always try to share at least one meal a day with her. The world simply felt brighter... Even Moriarty seemed to have a spring in his step....
"And your diagnosis, Doctor?" Ms. Adler questioned, looking at Mrs. Hudson.
"That's awful. I can't imagine being so sickly that she can't even live like a normal child." Jane admitted, frown only growing.
"It's just a shirt, Jane. I can put on a new one." Moriarty assured, concern not leaving his face. "I'm sorry I pushed you towards him... I could've saved you some heartache."
"Well, yeah... no one's ever said anything remotely like that to me before." One of his fingers delved inside her and he smirked when she let out a soft moan.
"So what did Adler say last night?" She had meant to ask him sooner, but the party-goers the night before hadn't given her an opportunity to do so. They all wanted to know where she had been and what was going to happen now that Sherlock and Ms. Adler's wedding was cancelled. It had been a long night of jumping through delicate hoops to avoid certain topics, so long in fact that when the party was over the both of them had gone straight to sleep.
Sherlock followed behind until John stopped her.
"Now that I look at you, you are practically glowing, Molly." she with a smirk. "Did something happen with you last night?"
The air was heavy with the scent of incense, the walls and floors were covered with rugs and tapestries of all sorts of colors and patterns, and the table in the center had, as one might expect, a crystal ball perched delicately on a thin wire stand. John had to physically hold back a scoff at the appearance of this woman’s shop. He was suddenly far less interested in dating her now.
"Thank you so much for this, Mary. I hope you get to have some fun this evening too." Jane said sincerely and Mary chuckled.
"Alright. But you better not betray my trust." she practically growled.
"As I said before, it's your office. Courtesy of your husband. A place where you can ply your trade as a physician. There's even an operating table in the next room, along with fully stocked medicinal cabinets." Moriarty answered, opening the door and nudging Jane inside to examine the next room.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1g7XO7gICAo
“And you’re a man?” this question was so quiet Jane almost didn’t hear it despite only being a few feet away.
"It's been a long time since someone's called me that." Jane revelled in the title. She had no idea how much she had missed being a doctor until now. "You're going to want to bite down on this."
"Jane..." he softly moaned, kissing her passionately as he started to form a rhythm with his hips. Jane was immediately lost in all the sensations of her husband, kissing him back with a desire to be enveloped by him.
"I can never stay away from you for long." Sherlock answered, lifting her hand to his lips before heading out of the room and out the door.
"I promise I'm not going to do anything to you. But if you insist, wait here and I'll be back in just a moment." he entered his room and came a moment later as he promised, carrying a red satin dress, covered in lace. "This is for you."
"Then it is settled, you and I shall call upon Ms. Mary Morstan." Molly exclaimed, grinning. Her smile was not as strained as it had been since their financial misfortunes had begun.
If the fic is feeling a little slow, don't worry, Chapter 8 is when I turn up the heat!
"My comment was not meant as an advance, merely an observation." he assured, batting away her worries. She held her gaze on him speculatively and fine spoke again.
"Observing." Sherlock answered simply, doing as he usually did when he was only half engaged in a conversation and keeping his gaze focused on whatever it had been focused on before the conversation had stated.
"What if it's... strange?"
“Yes, um, about that…” Sherlock cleared his throat again, trying to ignore the confused looking woman clinging to his arm. “I would officially declare the wedding canceled.”
"Well?"
"I trust you wanted to discuss something, Jane. Allow me to freshen up, and I'll give you my apologies and my undivided attention." Moriarty said in quite possibly the most formal tone Jane had ever heard from him.
"Ben and Jerry's, chocolate-dipped strawberries, what?"
He allowed a moment to relax and breathe, pressing small kisses to her forehead that seemed less urgent than before.
"Sherlock?" he murmured quietly, trying not to startle her. It didn't work because she looked up with this surprised, doe-eyed horror on her face, looking like she was about to bolt. "Sorry... I didn't mean to surprise you."
"I'm back!" quickly she got out of her twenty-first century clothes and into the dress she had made. It was a soft blue, plain dress with white ribbons, which she had brought some for her hair, as well.
"It hurts how little faith you have in me." he teased, helping her into the carriage. "The driver's name is Perkins, he will drive you to your office every morning."
The ride took a long thirty minutes but finally they arrived at an elegant manor on some equally elegant grounds. John was amazed by the landscape and the architecture. They certainly didn't build houses like this anymore where he was from. He followed Mary inside, looking around at the expensive furniture and painted masterpieces that adorned every room they passed.
“Men don’t marry one another in this time…”
"No need to use such formality, Jane. You can call me Jim."
"Hello, Mrs. Holmes, you're looking rather lovely tonight. Could it be you're trying to impress some lonely bachelor?"
"Mrs. Hudson told me you had an affinity but yours broke a couple years ago and you never got a new one..."
"Don't play this off casually! You were missing for ages! You left your mobile and a suicide note in your flat!"
"It's alright. There's always next Christmas, right?"
"Mrs. Hudson is having a stroke," Jane informed sternly. "Help me carry her to a sofa. She needs to lay down."
Sherlock hadn't said a word since the ceremony.
Jim turned his attention to Jane, eyes pretty much devouring her. Jane shifted a bit uncomfortably under the man's gaze, suddenly understanding where Harry was coming from after all the times she had drunkenly ranted to him about guys checking her out. "Pleasure to meet you, Ms. Watson."
“You do realize he’s getting married to that harpy next week, don’t you? You’re running out of time, Jane. If you’re going to do this, you’re going to have to do it soon. I don’t imagine he’d consummate the marriage right away, if at all, but a divorce would leave a stain on his family’s name. I very much doubt his mother would be too pleased with that.”
"To be fair, Mr. Holmes, I'm not entirely sure I understand the 'parameters' of our marriage."
And with that, Jane left the room, quickly exiting the house. Sherlock didn't follow after her, and he had no reason to, not with his fiancee in the room. He had a new life and once she was a good distance away, she crouched down by the side of the road and cried harder than she had the day she disappeared. Her accidental trip back to the future had cost her the man of her dreams. She didn't know what to do or where to go. And it'd be damn near impossible to calculate the next blue moon and foggy weather with the current technology.
"You never were excited about Christmas before. You always hated it. Dad was always the biggest prick around this time of year." Harry pointed out, sitting on the floor next to John.
"Shall we get going?" Jane suggested, and they made their way to the marketplace at their own pace. Sherlock had to rest his ankle every now and then. It had only been three days since it was sprained and while he was doing much better at moving around on his own, it still wasn't completely healed yet. So when they needed to rest, they would sit on the side of the road in the grass and read the book that Sherlock had brought along for a bit.
"Hey, Jane." It had felt weird at first to refer to her brother by this name, but whatever hesitations she had vanished when she noticed that he'd stopped flinching, and seemed a little more comfortable in his own skin. He'd been right when he said that it would help him.
"Huh. Who would've thought Sherlock Holmes would care about my honor and my well being." Jane murmured thoughtfully, scooting over and patting the spot on the bed beside her. Sherlock sheepishly took off his shoes and climbed under the covers with her, laying as close to the edge as he could to give her plenty of space.
John took the clothes with a nod of thanks, grabbing the stockings and putting them on first since he was sure where those went and how to wear them. Next came the bloomers which fit him much better than his trousers and pants had since his transformation.
"I can hardly blame her... I can't imagine what she's going through right now." she replied solemnly. Wolfguard only nodded in agreement. "And your eldest?"
“What?!” Irene raised her voice, giving Sherlock’s arm a harsh squeeze before regaining her composure. “I must apologize, it appears my fiancee has had too much to drink. He’s such a joker when he’s drunk.”
It had been a couple weeks since that first time and a shocking occurrence had happened. Harry noticed that John was a little more open with her when he was relaxing in the bathtub. It started with a simple comment about how calm he was, to which he replied something about being used to some sort of assistance in the tub in the time he'd been missing.
"N-no... I didn't... Why?" Jane panted softly, fingers gently massaging Sherlock's scalp.
A gentle knock on the door and then it slowly creaked open just a crack.
"Very well, I suppose you have our blessing but if it's not too much trouble, I would like to meet Dr. Watson before the wedding. Speaking of which, when do you intend on getting married?"
"Mrs. Holmes." he greeted, standing and offering a bowl to her. "Mr. Perkins told me you were feeling under the weather, so I took it upon myself to deliver you a meal."
"Yes. An elder brother and a younger sister as well. However, I don't exactly need their permission on the subject." he joked, hoping to get her to smile at least a little. It worked, at least for a moment.
"Sherlock, you can relax." she promised, but Sherlock's shoulders only relaxed slightly. "You're acting like you're not allowed in my bed."
“Just the truth actually, and by the end of it, it almost felt more like he was seducing me.” she giggled and Moriarty joined in. “By the way, I had no idea you were so bad at singing.” With that, James gave her a lighthearted nudge with his shoulder.
"I agree with Ms. Morstan. I believe you will make a delightful addition to the household staff." Jim stated, sitting back down in his chair but not taking his gaze away from John. "You may start whenever you wish."
"You're obviously good with sprains and burns but this is surgery." Sherlock defended.
"Sorry that took so long..." Jane shifted uncomfortably under Sherlock's surprised and awed gaze. Sherlock shook himself from his awe and cleared his throat awkwardly.
"I doubt you will.” Jane said with a short chuckle. “Thanks, Holmes, for doing this for me. And for checking up on me."
In his dreams, the smell of gunpowder was palpable and the sweat that gleamed off his forehead was a blessed reminder that he was alive and well under the intense heat of an Afghan sun. His veins sang with the heady high of adrenaline and it never mattered that his hands were usually covered in blood; he was in his element.
“LECK MICH IM ARSCH!” The poorly sung German piece that was supposed to have six singers and no pianoforte at all dimmed behind the study door as Jane retreated before her ears had to endure any longer what was probably the worst and greatest distraction in history.
"You said earlier that you receive a lot of attention from Moriarty. Are you perhaps his new favorite maid? He's mentioned you several times throughout our correspondence but never by name."
"I assume you came here for a reason." Jane stated flatly, expression somewhat annoyed. Jane Watson was anything but a morning person. She did mornings fine, usually. But not at five in the goddamn morning.
Molly had a hand mirror on the nightstand and John took a moment to look at himself. It surprised him how natural this unfamiliar face seemed to be to him. There were features that still rang true of his own face. The forehead was still broad, covered with a layer of blonde bangs that framed his face rather well, he felt. His nose was still round at the end, short and stubby. The jaw was rounder now, but still held the approximate shape it had when he was himself.
"I'm not blushing!" she protested. It was a complete lie and the smug bastard knew it. He could probably see that the tips of her ears were red, the observant prat.
Jane's gaze locked onto the man who was scowling disapprovingly at her and she sent a glare to him in return. How could any one being be so rude in such a predicament?
John winced as what had been a reminiscent dream of glory days turned sour, as it often did.
"Well, if anyone would know him best, it would be his wife." Jim mused with a chuckle.
“I appreciate it.” Jane said sincerely, Molly smiled once more and he returned it.
It was purple with gold trim, and Jane speculated that it was the nicest dress she’d ever worn to date. The skirt was flowy and elegant, and though it was a had a higher collar than was usually customary, it still looked more sensual than modest. The ends of the sleeves rested just below her elbows and she took a deep breath as she walked out to get Moriarty’s opinion.
"I know that you're worried for me, but I can handle myself, mama." he assured, kissing her cheek. "Dr. Watson is not a malicious person."
They entered a room where a young looking gentleman was sitting in a comfortable armchair, reading a book. As he glanced up from the pages, Mary curtsied and Jane copied her with a greatly noticeable lack of grace.
Jane had close to a million questions to ask the man and the silence seemed to be unbearable. She couldn’t resist asking the question that prey hardest on her mind.
"Yes, we definitely do." Molly muttered, sitting on the sofa and patting the spot next to her. Jane relented, sitting on the sofa and hiding her face behind her hands.
"I'm not going in there with you," she stated firmly. Jim was surprised for a moment before realizing the implications of his actions and sighing heavily.
"Molly, Mr. Lestrade. To what do I owe the pleasure?" she asked and Mr. Lestrade gave a quiet but tired sigh.
"It's beautiful, but what is it for?"
"This is going to look so good on you. I'm sure it will bring out the color in your eyes!" Molly pushed Jane into the changing closet and began undressing her to try on the dress.
"Wait right here, Jane, I'm going to go pay for this. We've found it, the perfect dress for you."
“Ladies and gentlemen, friends and people whom I’ve never met before… guests, I’d like to take a moment to thank you all for attending my party. I realize that as your host, I have neglected my duties. Up till now, few have seen me this evening, and I must admit honestly that was by my own design.” Sherlock paused and whispers flooded the room before he cleared his throat and everyone hushed to hear what else he had to say. “The truth is that I haven’t been in a celebratory mood for the past two years, as some of you close to me may have noticed. My demeanor and behavior… they have been repulsive and reclusive. I confess, without my wife to keep me in check, to make me a better man, I have treated everyone around me harshly. Some of you are here because, despite my atrocious treatment of our friendship, you still care for me. Know that your friendship has not been wasted on me, and I will try my best from now on to honor our friendships the way you honor me. Some of you couldn’t tolerate it and are only here today out of sake for propriety and I frankly don’t blame you, I was monstrous. To you, I give the most sincerest apology I am capable of, I truly am sorry for all the disrespect and cruelty I supplied you. The rest of you are here for the sake of Ms. Adler and I admittedly don’t have a great deal to say in regards to any of you, other than the fact that Ms. Adler is a very fortunate woman indeed to have so many friends.”
"Thank you, Mr. Holmes. That's incredibly honorable of you... I think you should get some rest. You've had a rough morning, and your body could use a chance to recover."
"What about what you need, Jane? He certainly can't give you that. He doesn't know the first thing about a woman, or how to pleasure her." He forced his way to her neck and started kissing it roughly.
The chorus continued on and Jane found herself swirling around with Mr. Lestrade this time, who gave a nod and smile in greeting and in an instant, she was back to skipping and kicking around the same spot. Violin sudden picked up and Jane found herself dancing with the most unpleasant of acquaintances, Moriarty.
"Yes, honey?" Jane peeked back through the door, batting her eyelashes.
"And the next blue moon is...?"
"Well..."
"Sexual harassment is common in any profession, even if I did go somewhere else, I'd probably still have to deal with a man I'm not interested in wanting more than and employer/employee relationship." Sherlock didn't know what to say to that so he simply stood quietly next to her, watching her work.
"Not something I have ever heard a member of the fairer sex boast about." He replied skeptically.
It was almost silly that, in fifty years, their habits had hardly changed. They'd still read together in the drawing room and in bed. Almost every conversation would have some form of teasing or flirt in it. And incredibly, they were still very much in love.
It was now very late at night, or perhaps it was very early in the morning, and John had found himself awake. The sound that had startled him was a crying sound that must've been outside his bedroom door. He yawned heavily trying to ignore it, but the more empathetic side of him couldn't ignore it for long and soon he pushed himself out of bed and padded over to his bedroom door. He opened it just a crack and peeked out, but couldn't see anything. So he opened it wider and looked down the hall in the direction the sound was coming from.
“I’m insulted that you would even insinuate such a thing!” he replied through a smile. “Come on, we must find you something ravishing to wear. The engagement party is this evening.”
Molly of course was smirking when she spotted a still slightly disheveled Jane in a nightgown with various pieces of her last night's ensemble strewn about the floor, as well as Sherlock's waistcoat and vest.
"It's to keep you safe from men like Moriarty." Sherlock murmured blankly. Jane felt her blood boil a bit at that and stood abruptly, turning on heel to head back to the part. Sherlock got up quickly and gently grabbed for her wrist.
"Erm... Yes... I suppose there is."
"Yeah. He said he wanted to see me as soon as possible." Jane said with a smirk, turning on heel towards Moriarty's study. Her hope was that being covered in blood would unsettle him in this age of propriety. She wanted to take her time going the twenty yards from Sherlock's door to Moriarty's study. If she could make it a thirty minute walk, she would've, but she didn't want to leave Sherlock's side for long with the state he was in. She paused when she reached the door, sighing heavily as she stared at the expensive oak that separated her from the most annoying man she had ever encountered.
"She doesn't get to leave the estate very often, she's always been easily sick."
"I can tell." He paused for the briefest of moments, as if that was all the time he needed to ponder something that apparently was more pressing to his warped mind. "What are you doing wandering about the forest without some sort of escort?”
"Maybe... I've never heard anyone besides you say my name with as much love as that voice did..." she shrugged, kissing his nose.
"He challenged me to a duel for the opportunity to ask for your hand in marriage."
"Sit."
"Oh. I don't see why not, if she has no aversion to it." He agreed.
"What is it?"
“Care to have your fortune read?” She asked in a flirtatious tone. Her voice was sweet but not at all shy. She had a really stunning face and if John thought he had so much as an ounce of a chance with her, he might’ve thrown out his current quest temporarily in favor of spending a few blissful domestic months with this woman.
John sighed heavily as he came to the top of a hill, panting from the exertion. God, he was out of shape. Not that it had come as a surprise, he couldn't run worth a damn because of the limp, and he'd been so busy fighting infections in his shoulder wound for the past year that he hadn't had much time to keep in shape.
"Oh, yeah. I forgot those aren't things yet." Sherlock stared at her quizzically before stretching his arms in an attempt to loosen his shoulders.
He kissed her passionately, pouring his seed inside her and still thrusting through his own orgasm as Jane continued to moan his name quietly in his ear. They held onto each other as waves of pleasure washed over them and their vision blurred in and out of focus.
They made for the carriage and spent the trip to Mr. Lestrade's home in amicable conversation, often laughing and giggling like little school girls, but inside, Jane felt disappointment well up inside her. Sherlock disliked social gatherings of any sort, and even if he and Mr. Lestrade were best friends, she very much doubted he'd attend, making Molly's master plan fall into disrepair. Still, she didn't want to offend Mr. Lestrade by having none of the Holmes attend his gathering, and Molly had put so much effort into making her look good, it would be a shame not to enjoy this cèilidh.
"Because time waits for no man or woman." He gently rubbed her back. "Perhaps Mrs. Hudson would go with me instead. She's been my nanny since I was just a boy. She certainly qualifies as a special lady."
"I don't understand. What is this place?" she asked, turning to look at Moriarty in confusion.
"I know, but I don't like her. She's terrifying! All she does is sit there like a doll." John ranted haughtily, waving his arms about to further demonstrate his point. His mother gave him a long pointed stare and his shoulders sank. "I know I haven't treated her very nicely. And I know you want us to get married in the future... But I don't think that I can."
"You mean to say that we could've gotten back together months ago if you weren't such a thick-headed prat?" she teased, an affectionate smile playing on her lips. Sherlock merely chuckled, giving her side a playful pinch. She let out a surprised yelp, turning fully to look at him with feigned fury in her eyes. "So that's how you're gonna play this, huh?"
"Mmhmmm." Jane agreed skeptically and it actually caused him to blush.
"Moriarty, I believe I made it perfectly clear last time we-"
"Well, actually... I-" The front door opened.
Perhaps it was a test, the door so near, Jane so close to leaving through it, leaving him alone with his self-destructive personality again. How had he become like this? Ever since that night three months ago when he awoke to find himself in Jane’s bed, he’d been trying his best to control his bad habits. He’d never touched alcohol much until the day that Jane vanished, would this day be the catalyst to a dizzying downward spiral that would lead to his demise as he drank and drugged away his misery at the side of a woman he had no inclinations for as he watched from afar as Jane’s own world came crashing down and they would both shatter, like some horrible rendition of Romeo and Juliet. Truly, wouldn’t death be more merciful than to still love this deeply and to realize that love would never be returned, and to live with that fact, could he even bare it?
"And did you not, at this Christmas party, convince him to hire me on as your lady's maid?"
"Wait." Jane paused and glanced over her shoulder with raised eyebrows. "Fine. Yes.. I will accept your assistance, I suppose."
"Wow."
"Jane Watson." The man cautiously turned his gaze from the woman's face, down to the hand being offered to him. After a moment's contemplation, he decided to accept the handshake, slowly reaching out to complete the gesture of greeting.
"I did. My mother wishes to shop for a suitable dress for the wedding with you."
"I wanted to know what you meant by him 'cradling the family jewels' as you put it." Jane blushed and looked sheepish.
Jane slowly glanced over her shoulder at him, raising an eyebrow.
"... What do you do for work?" She inquired curiously, deciding that if Sherlock was being truthful, there was no reason to continue to drag on that depressing topic.
"Aren't you?" he wondered, and she could see in his eyes that it was something he had been genuinely concerned about.
"He passed away. I'm simply alleviating myself of the responsibilities he left for me to deal with."
"How is Mr. Holmes?" Jane couldn't help her curiosity, ever since the night almost a fortnight ago, her mind had been swimming with what he must have thought of her. Perhaps she had been to forward? Perhaps she didn't play hard to get enough and he lost interest. She couldn't guess what his thoughts were, but Mrs. Hudson tended to him daily, so it stood to reason that if anyone would know, it would be her.
Soon enough she found herself in a high-end tailor’s shop with Mr. Moriarty rummaging through shelves and wardrobes of dresses in search of something that would catch Sherlock’s attention. Finally, he let out a cry of victory and thrust a dress into her arms.
The violin picked up again and this time, their gazes locked and she felt her heart start pounding. It once again faded out and she twirled slowly as the music slowed and something in her settled in that moment. The lyrics suggested she could find adventure and happiness where she was and those words held more meaning than she ever expected them too. Staring at Sherlock, she couldn't imagine why she'd still gone on that daily pilgrimage to the tree that she'd been whisked to the past near, not when this had become her present. A fire fueled her spirit and she danced with more determination than before and the singers seemed to be displaying that with their voices. She spun around and around, kicked and leapt and skipped and pranced, but her eyes never left Sherlock's and then finally the sound ended and Sherlock hastily jumped off the stage as another violinist moved to take his place for awhile.
"Would you talk to me about it? It seems like you've been holding back because you think no one will believe you." John looked down at the bubbles in the water with lonely eyes.
"I'm not distressed." Sherlock protested, pausing an reevaluating himself. "Well, at least, I don't believe myself to be. I'm sorry for causing you so much concern, mother. I'll have you know that I was in very capable hands. Mr. Moriarty has under his staff one of the most skilled surgeons I have ever seen."
“It’s wonderful. Thank you, Ms. Hooper. I appreciate it.” Jane said sincerely.
Jane had never seen as many dresses in her entire life as she had when she went shopping with Mrs. Holmes. White wedding dresses weren't exactly in style yet so Jane relied on Virginia's expertise for picking a dress. The one they both decided on was light tan in color, embroidered along the edges with light blue forget-me-nots, purple morning glories, and speckled with a little bit of what Virginia had called 'baby's breath.' It was lovely with cream colored lace lining every hem. And the best part was that it fit her like a glove. Most of Molly's clothes were tight in some places and loose in others on her, but this felt like it was made for her.
Finally, she set the quill down, leaning back in her chair and stretching. Sherlock raised a brow, looking at her curiously.
The speculation of what went on in this mystical land was far more specific than the vague circumstances of the disappearances. If the person was beautiful, it was likely, to any superstitious dolt, that the fairies snatched the person up with the intention that they service the Fairy King. If they were clever, the locals speculated that they were taken before the Fairy King and challenged to some sort of game of wits. Should the missing person have no redeeming qualities, it was assumed that they must’ve been a tasty feast for the fairies. No matter the person, the fairies of the locals’ imaginations were a group of prats set on the humiliation and suffering of any poor git that ended up as nothing more than a whisper on the wind, a bone-chilling reminder of who they had been and little else.
"I'm impressed that you stuck through it. I recommend favoring that arm until it's a little more healed." Jane murmured, biting her lip. "Thank you for dueling for me. I appreciate it, even if I'm still going to have to turn down Moriarty's advances. Nobody's ever done anything like that for me before."
“If you pull this stay any tighter, you might crack my ribs, Ms. Hooper...” Jane warned, trying to learn the technique of breathing in the suffocating garment down. After a moment, he got the hang of it. Molly then helped him with the overdress. It was a drab brown, not much different from the one that Ms. Hooper was wearing. He found himself looking down at his figure and muttering another thank you to the girl who had decided to aid him.
“I…” Jane closed her mouth, reaching into the satchel and pulling out a small collection of photos of a little boy growing up to a young adult in his military uniform. “These are all old… ‘portraits’ of me.”
It was quiet until Jim was completely out of earshot, and then Jane charged over to Holmes and glared. "Are you out of your mind?"
"What are you doing now?!" He asked in alarm, trying his best to shy away from her with little success on only two limbs.
"I accidentally spilled Mr. Moriarty's hot bath water. I'm so sorry. I wasn't paying attention." the maid said pitifully. Sherlock shot her a glare.
It had been a rare commodity to pretend that he was alright. He did have to admit she had a dry sense of humor that he enjoyed, but he could never forget the hollowness that stayed with him like a heavy blanket, his personal rain cloud that soaked him regularly in the cold downpour of his failures.
"Mycroft will pull through, the physicians say. Though it will take a miracle for him to keep his leg." He answered sighing softly. "Virginia spends all day fussing over him. I think it's her way of coping with it all."
“Sarah.” She answered and John found himself chuckling.
What had been most surprising was that instead of some random sound, Sherlock had elected to moan her name. Their fingers laced together and she held tightly to his hands before giving them a gentle and encouraging squeeze.
The mashed potatoes were quite possibly the best he’d ever had, soaked in butter and sprinkled with salt, pepper, a hint of basil, and another flavor he couldn't quite place; the perfect companion for an extraordinary pair of bangers. It was a colorful change for his pallet in comparison to the last ten years of breakfast he had subjected himself to through uni, the army, and the most recent chapter of his life. And even the raving lunatic droning on about fairies proved to be at least good entertainment to go with the meal. If not for the fact that he’d never have the chance to utilize it, he would’ve asked the sweet woman whose inn it was for the recipe for the potatoes. He didn’t dwell on it though. He had very little in the way of talent or skill when it came to cooking and he was certain he couldn’t do the buttery clouds justice if he tried to recreate them, even with instructions.
John, the little prince in question, hurried next to the volumes of his mother's skirt, holding onto some of the fabric to stay close. It was his favorite dress for his mother to wear. It was made of velvet and the soft texture was always soothing to him. He followed her as she strode regally to the front steps of the palace just beyond the second courtyard. She was gazing off towards the stairs of the first courtyard, expecting someone to come up those steps, he was sure.
"There's a lovely little place down the street that sells tea. Would you like some?" He repeated.
"I'm just relieved that you're alright." He said honestly. Jane chuckled softly, pinching the top of his hand in a playful manner.
She forced herself to ignore the nervousness welling up inside her and relaxed, letting out a pleased hum when Sherlock added another finger.
"She's recovering amiably." Sherlock's voice sounded behind her and Jane's heart stopped for a moment. She turned slowly to look at him.
“I don’t really believe in fortune telling.” John said flatly, on the fence about whether or not to shrug this sight-for-sore-eyes off his arm.
"The bath water's getting cold. I'm going to go to bed."
"You're going to 'stitch me up?'" Sherlock asked, nervousness showing on his face.
The door opened and Jane looked up from her sewing to find Molly walking in with Mr. Lestrade at her heels. Jane set aside her busywork and stood, smiling.
"I am kind of envious...I wonder what it's like to be a mother..."
He returned to the inn for dinner, though he hardly touched the fish and chips that Mrs. Turner, the innkeeper, had worked so painstakingly hard to make for him. It wasn’t that it wasn’t as good as the bangers and mash he had for breakfast, simply that his appetite hadn’t returned yet. He resolved instead to pick at the fried cod and frites with a heavy sigh, forcing himself to take a bite every time he thought Mrs. Turner was watching him.
"I would repeat the instance but without the added company of that soldier."
"Yeah. I know. But I don't have an explanation... I just was. I lived fifteen months in the regency era... and it was honestly one of the best years of my life..." John explained, biting his lip. "I made a lot of friends and none of them ever made me feel weak. And I met a man... I married him and I completely fell for him."
"Was that the only thing you wanted to talk about?" Sherlock looked at Jane with a bewildered expression and then blushed and shook his head.
Mostly, he was determined to be optimistic. He needed to believe that one day, he'd return to Sherlock and let him know that his feelings were returned wholeheartedly.
"You're right, Wolfson. I'm sorry, Sherlock. What is it you wanted to say?”
"Good morning, Holmes..." Sherlock suddenly sat up stiffly, looking at her like a child who had gotten caught with his hand in the cookie jar.
For a man with PTSD, it surprised him how little the thunder actually bothered him. Most would be reminded of bombs going off in the distance and at the very least flinch with every loud crack the sky produced. John did find himself transferred back to the battlefield as the air outside hummed and rumbled with the roll of electricity, but instead of unnerving him, it was a comfort. Like when a mentor or a family member rests a reassuring hand on your shoulder, silently promising that everything will be right with the world. He was sure he’d sleep well tonight with the ghosts of his battlefield memories clearer than they had been in months, a sort of sick lullaby of the last place where he had felt truly at home.
"If you'll excuse me, I must go see about attaining a drink..." and with that Sherlock left, weaving through the crowd.
"I take it you don't remember this place?" Sherlock asked, thumb gently rubbing her rather cold hands.
"To Jane?"
"I suppose it would spare me from having to marry a woman I do not find interesting for my mother's sake."
Every fiber of her being told her that what she had once considered impossible had against her expectations come true. She was pregnant.
"And you have a less than fortunate one." and with that Jane left the store, heading in the direction of a dress shop across the street.
"Jane, he can't properly defend you. I can affirm that he's a little bit wealthier than I am, but could he really give you what you want?"
“You have been a captive and wonderful audience and you have my appreciation and gratitude, but it appears that our gracious host would like to say something,” Moriarty announced and a breath of relief flooded the room as the party patrons realized that they wouldn’t have to continue to endure Mr. Moriarty’s performance. With that, James left the pianoforte and made his way to stand near Jane.
"I had no idea that Mr. Lestrade was this well off..."
He just wanted a quiet place where he could kill himself. What did he have to live for? He was a washed up soldier with a psychosomatic limp, an intermittent tremor, and a scar on his shoulder that reminded him constantly of the exact moment his life had gone from great to total shit. And apparently now he was losing his mind.
"The pleasure is all mine, Dr. Watson. I don't believe I've ever heard of a woman becoming a doctor. Surely, you must be more fortunate than I." Ms. Adler reasoned. "Are you here on business?"
Wolfson rarely spoke during dinner, except to clarify a detail or two, but it was easy to tell that what may have started off as an arranged marriage for Sherlock's parents, was no longer that. They were obviously very in love and it was easiest to tell by the way Wolfson would glance at Virginia with a tender smile as she talked or how Virginia would reach over for his hand occasionally to hold it for as long as she could before it was deemed inappropriate by the current society.
The sun had set by the time they reached Sherlock’s estate. Lights were on in every room and the place seemed to have an unfamiliar bustle about it. Guests had always been uncommon in this home, and yet, tonight the entire manor seemed to be filled to the brim with people who had come to celebrate the soon-to-be union of Ms. Irene Adler and Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
"A favor? What is it?"
He nodded and John resumed staring out the window while she did paper work. She gently touched his shoulder when she was done but John hardly noticed, standing and following her out the door without so much as a goodbye to the ranger. He was quiet in the car for the first hour of the drive until Harry insisted that he explain everything.
Jane switched into doctor mode the moment she saw blood stain the sleeve of Sherlock's white shirt.
Jane's heart stopped a moment as she looked between the two of them. Fiancee. She supposed it made sense. Sherlock's wife had been missing for two years. She put on a forced smile. It felt like a stab to the heart, but she was a decent enough person to not muck up Sherlock's new relationship. The man didn't give his heart out easily, after all, so whoever this woman was, she must be special to him.
"Engaged? To whom?" Jane asked, rather surprised.
"Honestly." he answered with a tender smile. "You, Mrs. Holmes, are the finest wine and nothing delights me more than indulging in your company year after year."
"Excuse me?" Sherlock was taken aback but Jane took the opportunity to ignore it.
"What time is it?" came Jane's pillow-muffled response.
"Tomorrow morning..."
"Oh, no, it is. But your manners are far worse than mine." Jane smirked and Sherlock actually chuckled before becoming serious once more.
"I've been keeping my distance because I didn't want to make you uncomfortable."
"Oh, thank goodness." Mary breathed a sigh of relief. "I know you must be tired after taking care of Mr. Holmes, but Mr. Moriarty wanted to see you as soon as possible."
Perhaps he had imagined the voice, he reasoned, but that explanation didn’t quite hold true either. For one, the voice was one he had never heard before. It was a man’s voice, smooth as velvet and so very deep that in the moment he heard it, he was certain it caused his entire chest to vibrate pleasantly. For another, the voice had been saturated with such a tone of ardor that John was absolutely certain he’d never heard anyone speak like that, certainly not to him. Those vocal chords shook with a love so intense that one syllable, the utterance of his name, was evidence enough of this man’s love story… but not his own. It had to have been a ghost or something, who loved a different man named John. John certainly hadn’t experienced a love like that, one that would call over time and death itself and transcend it.
“With
John let out a yelp, shaking the little five year old girl off of him and then running off to find his mother with tears in his eyes.
Molly had been chattering away about something and John had hardly been paying attention, too distracted by his predicament. But then she looked at him with some mild concern and he was brought back into the conversation with a nervous expression. Had she said something important? Was she expecting him to reply? He had no idea what she had been talking about.
"All things considered, yes." That was another lie. It hadn’t been. It had been a series of hard realizations that forced him to consider that he might not ever be able to return to his own time. He would still try, daily if he could, but it seemed reasonable to try to build a life here while he tried to once again pierce the veil of time.
"You expect me to believe that you went to King's College?" Sherlock took her hand with his good one and she pulled him up as best she could. She found herself almost impressed that he had bothered to listen to her instructions, saving himself more pain than necessary.
"I know it's not fair to you... but I need Sherlock in my life. Everything reminds me of him and I just can't stand the idea of knowing that I had the chance to return to him, but never doing it. I love him."
Mr. Moriarty and Lieutenant Sebastian Moran continued their secret romance. Whenever Moran was stationed anywhere, Jane and Sherlock would see a lot more of James Moriarty. This made Sherlock often prickly and Moriarty would shoot the man a knowing smirk whenever they had tea together and Sherlock's hands would rest protectively over his wife. Jane found their dynamic amusing and Sherlock would often pout about it.
“Please stop,” Sherlock growled lowly, headed toward the door in an irritable stride. “What you’re asking me to believe is impossible… And I am not in a joking disposition as of late.”
"I... I would give anything to have made sure that that never happened to you... I know that my apology is worth nothing, but I would still like to offer it..." Sherlock said guiltily, looking down at the floor.
He carefully maneuvered her onto her back, lips trailing upwards, planting kisses all over her body. He always seemed to pause at the scar, but it wasn't that he was uncomfortable with the distorted tissue, that concern had been demolished weeks ago the moment he pressed one of his reverent kisses to it. It always amazed her how he could make the part of her body that she hated the most feel like it was just another beautiful feature on her.
"Silly?"
Another week passed and Jane woke up feeling groggy and not at all well. She could feel her empty stomach protesting at her very inhalation and groaned as every movement caused her stomach to slosh as she made her way to the chamber pot to hurl. With a heavy groan, Jane lifted herself off the floor and dressed before making her way downstairs to the carriage outside.
He was a good friend, at least she was starting to consider him a friend. And while she wasn't exactly certain what a marriage with him would entail, she was fairly certain that he would respect her boundaries, should she set any. She hadn't wanted to try a relationship with a man, but he wasn't exactly asking for a relationship. The marriage would probably be completely platonic, and even if it wasn't she would be willing to at least give it a try.
“Ms. Morstan is the cook, not a maid.”  Jane sighed and rolled her eyes, pulling up the top half of her dress to better cover her chest when she noticed how low it had gotten due to the weight of the water. The last thing she needed was for Moriarty to pay attention to the swell of her partially revealed cleavage.
“Wait! I can prove it if you just give me the chance!” Jane called, reaching for him despite him being on the complete other side of the room.
His searches turned up nothing and John returned to bed, sitting and staring wearily into the moonlit room he was staying in.
"I don't know about silly. Just... I believe that everything in myth is based off of some sort of truth." He admitted, though he hadn't always felt that way. But he had changed a lot in the last year and a half. The ranger snorted.
She put on a dress, going downstairs and still finding the home empty and her hopes sunk. Sherlock had left, whether it was because of shame or regret, she couldn't be sure. It put a damper on her spirits at the thought but she didn't really have anything else to go off of. Sherlock had been drunk, it was possible he woke and discovered the mistake he had made and left as quickly and quietly as he could.
“Are you sure it’s not a little… tight? You do realize that I’m trying to keep this a private matter for now, right?” Jane asked, looking at the thin waistline of the fabric skeptically.
Holmes. That was the name that most of the village used when describing wealth or success. The man sitting in the armchair, rubbing his wrist, was the wealthiest man in their tiny little town and Jane hadn't exactly treated him the way that men who had wealth and an ego liked to be treated. She quietly groaned to herself and face-palmed. She had probably screwed herself over. As if her situation could get any worse. The last thing she needed was for this man to sue her for everything she owned, which was laughably little.
"Well, if it would make you feel more productive, you can certainly move your cushion next to mine and read with me." Sherlock muttered, not looking up from his book. Jane was about to start laughing but then she realized he was being serious. She sighed softly and moved her cushion next to his, glancing over at the pages. It was nice to feel a little less useless.
"Of course, sir." Jane said, through clenched teeth as she saw Mr. Holmes continue to smirk.
"Well... the night I disappeared... I had planned to kill myself that next morning..." John said hesitantly and Harry looked concerned. "Life was... it was different after I got shot. Old friends... I know they didn't mean to, but they treated me like I was broken... You did too. Like I was so fragile if you said the wrong thing, I'd shatter... And I missed the action of Afghanistan, helping people with severe afflictions...I forgot how to be a civilian and I didn't see anyway of going back..."
"Simple. I threatened to be the one to tell his current fiancee about current wife if he didn't." Jim shrugged. "He'll be here, but I doubt he'll be happy. But I'm sure you can calm him down."
For the first time since being thrown into the past, her limp had returned and she was careful to make sure the servants didn't see, not sure she wanted Sherlock to know, or what his reaction would be in the first place.
“Because I won’t get another chance to… You’ll be married next week and in months to follow, I foresee the ruination of my reputation fast approaching…” she said truthfully. “Not that I’ve ever cared much about it, but the rest of the world is not like me in that regard…”
"Yeah... That's been my name for the past year and a half..." John murmured, clenching a fist and trying to fight tears.
"Why are you so obsessed with my looks this evening?"
"Holmes?" Jane sat up on her bed, rubbing her eyes but not moving to answer the door. She hadn't been asleep, too shaken by what had happened to do so. But it would be a lie of massive proportions to say that she hadn't wrapped herself in all the blankets in the house once more as she tried to calm herself down. "What are you doing here? You should be resting."
“This evening?!” Jane halted, eyes wide with terror.
"Jane..." He blinked, digging his nails into his other fist as if to assure himself this wasn't a dream.
"Jane did not." Mary replied as if sensing the questions he was too nervous to ask. "I would recommend approaching her about it though, seeing as you will be dueling Mr. Moriarty tomorrow. I think it would be best if she heard it all from you."
"The future queen of this kingdom and her father, John." Amanda answered, gently smoothing down the colic at the base of his neck. He gave a small sigh at her grooming him, not paying much mind to her answer.
“Three months, if I recall correctly.” Sherlock murmured, taking a step away to set the book on a nearby table.
"Married, no. But I do have someone who means a great deal to me." Moriarty answered, shrugging. "And I do have a guest house on my estate. By my honor, your honor would be safe."
“How long do you plan on staying here in Baskerville?” She asked curiously. John’s smile faded instantly. He forgot about his lie about living in London. He wasn’t much for history, but London was not cheap to live in during his time. He very much doubted that would be any different now.
John tries desperately to return to his time but all attempts prove futile.
"You're staying with Moriarty." It wasn't a question, but rather a disappointed observation. Jane relaxed in Sherlock's grip.
"No. I'd still be weeping over his engagement," Jane admitted, looking out the window and sighing. "What am I to do..?"
"Duly noted."
"Hey, Mrs. Hudson, can I ask you to repeat me?" she cooed, brushing a strand of hair out of the old woman's face. "It's time for tea?"
"Not a morning person?"
“What a stroke of luck,” he muttered in amusement and Jane let out an annoyed sigh. Of course, even if he hadn't known he'd find delight in knowing now. “Anyways, if I had to venture a guess as to where your husband is hiding, I would suggest either the study or his bedroom as there have been no guests in either room.” Moriarty murmured, pushing her toward the study. “I wish you luck, Mrs. Holmes.”
"Technically, it's Duke Lestrade but he prefers to be called Mr. Lestrade." Molly murmured with a small shrug, taking Jane's hand and pulling her up the cobblestone path. They followed the lanterns like moths to a flame until they came to a lovely clearing surrounded by thick greenery on all sides. There were tables set up around the edges and lanterns were hung on strands of rope high above their heads. A feast covered every table and in the center of the clearing, people were dancing. A band played off to the side on a temporary wooden stage and those who weren't dancing were in conversation, milling around the tables or watching and enjoying the merriment of this well hosted festivity.
"What can I say, I'm monogamous now." John murmured, thumb running across the wedding band that now hung around his neck.
For those of you curious about which song, inspired this, Téir Abhaile Riú by Celtic Woman:
"I am not adorable!" he protested, but her laughter was contagious and so the words came out along with his own chuckles.
"You're buying me tea?"
"Not terribly. Just... when's the next blue moon?" The ranger shrugged.
"Your wish is my command..." he murmured, guiding his cock to her folds and slowly pressing inside her, guiding her legs to rest over his shoulders.
"When is the duel?"
"No. Whatever it is, no."
The only trouble with the plan of finding an occupation was that John wasn't exactly sure what he could do that could help provide food on their table. Pointing out this important detail caused Molly to go into a recluse state of thought for well over two hours as she considered what options Jane had. She did not want to turn Jane out of her home, though an added boost to their income was greatly required. And Jane working in Molly's father's stable was not an option simply because the stable was not large enough to warrant two workers and her father was not well off enough to provide salary for two even if it had been.
The third day in a row that her morning had started with the same urge to hurl, Jane couldn't ignore it anymore. And soon two weeks had passed with each morning very much the same. Jane had been ignoring the possibility for too long, trying desperately not to get her hopes up, but there was only one explanation for why she felt better on days when her meals consisted of more bread than anything else, and why she would feel dreadful in the morning and as spry as ever in the afternoon.
"Which is why your eyes are filled with loneliness, right?" She teased but she looked saddened. John bit his lip.
"It was fun. I had a blast planning it."
"Not at all. I know that you're more than capable of handling yourself, but even if he had, it would not change my stance on our union." Sherlock stated seriously and Jane could only stare at the man with a sense of wonderment.
“That’s my older sister, Harriet,” she answered, continuing to rummage through the satchel for a set of dog tags and the old mobile phone Harry had gifted him with upon his return from Afghanistan.
It was finally that day. The day before the blue moon and John could hardly wait. He took the trip early and spent the day in town, making sure he had everything he needed. He was determined, this time to give Sherlock the whole truth about him, and hope that it wouldn't be something that Sherlock had minded. He had a bag and inside was a dress he'd sewn himself to dress in once he was back, his mobile which he'd pulled the battery out of to make it survive longer, and a few pictures of him growing up and going into the army.
"Oh, Jane... I had no idea you felt that way... I'm so sorry."
"I'm sorry to kick you two out but I'm going to need quiet so that I can do this." Jane explained, pulling out a needle and thread from the pouch on her belt. Greg and Mary nodded, leaving the room and shutting the door.
"Don't be like that, Sherlock. I'm going to let you borrow my clothes. I'm fairly certain we're at the point of using Christian names." It was only then that Jane realized that she'd heard the last name Holmes before. She froze, swallowing thickly, turning to look at Sherlock nervously.
"A Christmas party?" It was Jane's turn to be shocked. She wasn't sure why she was so shocked. Perhaps it was due to the fact that she hadn't really thought Christmas was something that people celebrated in this time period.
She started on her way there, but all eyes were still on her. She was certain she’d never make it into the study unnoticed.
"It would be a little silly if I didn't know my husband's full name." she mused, sliding her fingers into his curls and gently stroking his scalp. He let out a sound akin to a purr and it made her giggle.
“Yes… about that…” Jane took a deep breath, but when she opened her eyes and glanced into those shimmering, ever-changing eyes, she didn’t know what to say. “I… um… are you excited about the wedding next week?”
"...That was not the reaction I was expecting..."
"Well, I did tell you that you had my permission to stay here last night." Jane chuckled, sitting up and gently nudging his shoulder with her own.
"So then, you like me?" Jane asked, raising an eyebrow.
"A pleasure to make your acquaintance, Ms. Adler." she offered her hand to shake. "You're a very fortunate woman, indeed."
"Sunday? But it's Friday!"
“Who’s the little girl with the curls?” Sherlock asked curiously. It seemed more likely that little girl would be the woman standing before him, not the little boy.
"He has." Jane gritted her teeth, looking about ready to tackle the pompous bastard. Sherlock silently blocked her, glancing back over his shoulder with a soft expression to assure her that it would be alright. Her shoulders relaxed, showing she was backing down. He wished he could relax in the same manner, but just looking at Moriarty and his smug attitude was enough to put him on edge after yesterday.
There were buildings but he didn't recognize them. They looked much newer than they had when he had arrived two nights before, but he supposed that could've easily been his mind playing tricks on him. Still, there seemed to be fewer buildings than he remembered. He shrugged off the confusion with a wave of indifference, trudging down the hill and looking for his gun. After about an hour of searching without any luck, he gave up looking for it. He certainly wasn't about to waste the rest of his short life raking his fingers through dried leaves to find the piece.
"Please, Jane. Call me Greg. If I'm going to be using your Christian name, it's only fair you use mine as well." he murmured, helping Molly off the table nimbly. She smiled and gave Jane a hug.
“Ms. Watson…” she greeted through gritted teeth. “How kind of you to come. And wearing my dress for the evening, no less.”
She got her dress on with the assistance of the maid, Janine, and looked at herself in the mirror.
"You actually found me a place to work?" she asked, unable to believe it. She was a little worried that it might be some house of ill-repute, but she was fairly certain that Baskerville boasted no such establishment.
"Moriarty's interested in you, and you are not with him. Does that make you feel uncomfortable working for him?"
"...Fine... If this backfires and I die before you, I will embarrass you for the rest of your life in spirit." Jane warned and Molly just chuckled, going behind the curtain again and taking off her outfit to replace it with her own dress she'd picked out. It was a soft yellow with a pink ribbon but far more simple than Jane's dress.
“Yes, truly. I’ve been experiencing symptoms for over a month now… and I’m just barely starting to expand…”
"I was looking for some mold to do experiments with and I happened to sprain my ankle." Sherlock muttered, glancing at Jane. "And consequently, my wrist as well." Jane found herself staring at him in disbelief. He was covering for her? That was unexpected, to say the least. Maybe he wasn't a complete prick after all.
Jane handed him one of the fresh pieces of cloth Mary had brought her. Sherlock took it with his free hand sticking it in his mouth as he had been ordered. Jane prepared another cloth to be grabbed quickly and removed her shoddy attempt at a temporary bandage. She put the cloth on his wound and applied pressure.
"Just this once because I'm in such a great mood myself." Molly agreed, setting the clothes in the laundry basket. Jane raised an eyebrow.
“Jane…”
"How is he?" Greg asked, Mary also perking up to look at Jane.
Kudos and comments are always appreciated.
That should've been a sign of how the next three months of their marriage would go...
"No reason to make some poor sod suffer your ghastly manners." she reasoned with a small chuckle at the indignant look on his face. "You're fortunate that I'm the one who came across you."
"Thank you for this." He murmured gently. "Everything looks lovely."
"Alright then... I should be going."
"Well, if it's good... why are you never home..?" Jane asked quietly, looking down at the floor as they danced. Sherlock fumbled a step and ended up closer to Jane as a result, obviously not expecting such a forward question.
"A simple hello would suffice, Mr. Moriarty." Jane sighed, standing to greet him.
"Well, to be fair... shagging men is a lot more enjoyable when the man is considerate. The natural lubrication doesn't hurt either." he retorted.
"I think you underestimate how much he cares for you." Moriarty countered, nudging her to get her walking. "Dear Sherlock nearly drank himself to death, he was so broken up about your disappearance. He's back to never attending parties and he buries himself in his work. And when anyone does see him in a public venue, he has the most unsettling scowl on his face."
"I hadn't even thought about musicians..." Jane muttered in slight horror.
"When I can manage through the vomiting, yes." Jane nodded sympathetically.
"To be honest, Mr. Holmes is incredibly boring when you're not in his life."
"I do. However, in my defense, you're the one who has been pressuring me to get married."
His tongue darted out of his mouth and started trailing her slit slowly, like he was putting every detail to memory.
"You really do say the strangest things, Miss Watson."
"That's surprisingly generous of you."
Molly and Lestrade's baby was beautifully healthy little girl. It was easy to see the relief on Greg's face when he learned that both mother and child had made it through the birth perfectly fine. Given his history, Jane could hardly blame him for the groove he had paced in the hardwood floor of their estate during the twelve hours of labor that Molly had endured. She had tried to invite the man to be by his wife's side during the process, but he was so insistent that he didn't want to be in the way that eventually, Jane just let it slide.
"There won't be a place for you to sit."
"You wanted to know what would help."
The singer suddenly picked up the pace and then a different girl sang a completely new set of notes, as people clapped to the unspoken rhythm. Molly kept up with the now much faster pace and Jane managed to do the same. The ladies switched off between their two rhythms sounding a lot like they were arguing through their music despite there being no actual words. Together they harmonized and a simple violin melody droned in the background.
The dress was indeed lovely, if more revealing than what Jane had become accustomed to wearing. It was off the shoulder, which was mostly why she felt so exposed. The top was embroidered with scrolling in a dark blue color and to separate the bottom from the top aesthetically a thin ribbon wrapped around her waist, tied in a bow with long tails. The skirt was flowy and, when Jane spun around, it lifted and began to glide on the air naturally before wrapping around her ankles and falling back into place.
"It's a party that Mr. Lestrade is putting on." Molly said excitedly, pulling her into a shop.
"I'm stronger than you think."
That future was quickly fading into obscurity as Bill’s face started to turn as white as a sheet, now covered in a thick layer of clammy sweat as John’s mind struggled with what he should do with the wound besides just apply pressure. His medical skills were never more important than they were now, but he called on them desperately in his mind and got nothing for his troubles. His best friend’s life was at stake!
Staying with Molly had not proved to be as awkward as John had imagined it would be. While it was true that he was a man, though trapped in a woman's body, he found his opinion of Molly to be very platonic. She really reminded him of the sister he had always wanted in Harry but had never truly gotten.
"Next you're gonna tell me that fairies abducted you." He joked but John's expression remained even as he continued to stare at passing cars.
"Well, you're in luck because you've got the best surgeon in the whole of the world guiding you to your bedroom right now." Jane said flatly, starting to guide him along.
“I… I need to get something from upstairs if I’m going to be honest with him…” Jane murmured, looking toward the stairs though not actually moving toward them.
"Would you like some tea?"
"My, you suit that dress well. I was right in giving it to you."
"Well, I am going to be hosting a party. I'll convince Sherlock to attend and then you can attempt to woo him with your feminine wiles. It would also be an ideal time to make a comeback into society."
"Mycroft's never been one for weddings anyways. And Eurus will forgive me. Eventually."
"I have so missed you being at the estate, Jane," she admitted, taking her hand and giving it a tender squeeze while she prepared to leave. "It truly feels different without you, and not in the best sense."
"You tell me, Ms. Watson." Sherlock smirked as if he had just put her in checkmate.
He broke the kiss suddenly, falling back into the pillows with a soft sigh. Jane looked down at him with a quirked eyebrow.
"That would be me." Jane muttered with a small blush as Sherlock used her own argument against her. She stood up and offered her hand to Sherlock to help him up. He gladly accepted, carefully getting to his feet and allowing her to help support him when he needed it.
"Excuse me?" she asked, bewildered.
"I don't need to know. Of course I'm curious and of course I want to know more about you, Jane. I may not be a patient man by reputation but I could wait for you to tell me until we're old and gray and our bodies are covered in strange warts and wrinkles. And even if you're still not ready to tell me then, I wouldn't mind."
The sun was very low on the horizon when he finally heard the door to his bedroom open behind him and turned on heel to see Mary stepping out into the hall, glancing at him expectantly.
"And you think it could've been me?" he questioned thoughtfully.
“You know, a box with colorful images? You watch the news on it?”
They made the ride to the Moriarty estate in relative silence, occasionally Mary would ask a question and John would answer it to the best of his ability. Most of them were about John's or rather Jane's past. In the past month if felt like he had two different lives, and he actually did. There was depressed former army doctor, Captain John Hamish Watson, and there was an orphan of no fortune or skill, Jane Watson. He wasn't sure which he preferred. Both existences seemed just as lonely. Yes, he had Molly here and he had Harry back in his time but friendship didn't seem to fill the void he had. He wasn't sure exactly what would fill that void, if he were at all honest with himself.
"What is there to figure out?"
He gave a nod, hesitantly pulling away and putting socially acceptable space between them before opening the door and wincing at the shrieking and yowling cat-like sounds that were coming from Moriarty’s throat as he continued with an unwanted encore featuring another wildly inappropriate composition for the crowd forced to listen due to the laws of propriety.
The two men bowed to one another, swords slicing through the air as they each took three steps before turning around and staring at one another.
For sure, she'd be fired, but beyond that she didn't know. She'd probably be sued into bankruptcy. That was something she needed to avoid if at all possible. Molly couldn't afford to support the both of them and things were finally starting to look up for the mousy brunette now that they were both employed, with Jane bringing in most of the income. She'd often treat her friend with a new dress and watch as Molly's eyes lit up with gratitude and she'd throw her arms around her in a joyful hug. Yeah. Molly was definitely the sister she'd always wanted.
"R-right... Sorry, princess." he murmured awkwardly.
“As if a woman who keeps with the latest fashion trends and gossip could truly make your husband happy.” he scoffed. Yes, Jane had proven to be quite fashionable herself on many occasions, but both women were extremely different breeds. Irene could easily be found surrounded by a gaggle of girls, sharing the latest in everybody else's 'dirty laundry.' Moriarty was quite sure the woman had never picked up a book for the sole purpose of actually reading it, and he also predicted that should Sherlock marry her, the man would go bankrupt in a matter of months due to her excessive need to display a lavish lifestyle. Jane could decide how much of what Jim was saying was actually true, but he did not paint a pretty picture of her, that was certain.
He had forgotten what it felt like to be respected, truly respected, as a Captain and a Doctor, as a comrade and a friend. Bonds were forged with bloodshed that John had not found anything like in the civilian world. War had taught John to treasure every day like it was his last, because in an area of such high conflict, it very well could be.
All of those who want to hear the song that Moriarty sings, here it is, though it doesn't sound anything like the cacophany of noise I describe below, Leck mich im Arsch by Mozart:
"You say the strangest expressions, Ms. Watson." his tone surprised her quite a bit. She had expected criticism but instead found only something akin to awe.
"Convinced is a little strong, but, yes... I did." Jane headed out to the ballroom and Sherlock followed behind her curiously. She vanished behind the Christmas Tree for a moment before returning with a long, thin package, handing it to Sherlock and brushing her bangs out of her face awkwardly.
He looked quite beautiful, he thought, ignoring the head of messy blonde waves that was begging for a brushing.
"I believe you've stated that before." Sherlock finally relaxed slightly and chuckled too. "I have to admit, I never thought I would hear you curse like that. I wasn't even aware a lady could know such expletives."
"And yet you don't sound incredibly jealous." Sherlock countered, glancing over his pages to look at her with a smirk. A smirk appeared on Jane's lips as well.
"Mary, I need you to bring plenty of clean cloths, some alcohol - more like whiskey, not wine- bandages, and a pair of scissors to Mr. Holmes room. Now." Jane instructed, lifting up the first layer of her skirt and ripping off a strip of fabric before rushing her way over to the wounded man. "Are you alright? And by that I mean, besides bleeding from your arm."
"Oh, I did... I suppose I'm just stalling..."
"Something really terrible happened to her, and the rest of her family for that matter." she explained, bringing John to sit on her lap. "It was a horrifying thing for her and she's trying her very best to figure out if she's allowed to still be herself."
"No... That's not it at all." Sherlock defended, standing and taking Jane's hands in his own. "I guess... I was just expecting you to feel differently in the morning... like you'd regret it and shoo me out or something..."
“Your dominant hand, please.” She murmured and he offered his left hand as instructed. “Ah, a lefty. That’s always fun.”
"Your secret is safe with me," she assured and he watched her in surprise a moment before finally relaxing his shoulders.
"Sh-Sherlock!" she could only manage to say his name. They had been fairly predictable for the time period with their sex so far; missionary only. Hell, him eating her out had been a pleasant surprise, but her legs being draped over his shoulders brought on a new angle that made him deeper than usual.
"Jane, I insist. Sitting cooped up in this house, dwelling on the past is not healthy for you. Besides, I have just the career in mind." he promised, giving her a reassuring smile. "Now, I must be off, I have to go speak with a man about a dog. Think happy thoughts, Mrs. Holmes."
It must've been quite a few hours before his return because when he left the shelter of leaves the sun had started it's descent in the sky. He found Molly's house with little trouble; there weren't that many buildings, after all. Once he was inside he found Molly by the fireside, cooking a stew, she turned to look at Jane with a pleasant smile.
He slowly stirred, quietly groaning as his long legs stretched to the foot of the bed before relaxing once more. She felt him draw her impossibly closer to him, watching him ever-so-slowly open his eyes. She knew exactly what he was thinking. She'd been having the same thought just moments before when she was waking. A dopey smile appeared on the corners of his lips.
"What happened?" Mary asked urgently as she offered the requested things to Jane.
"Good morning, Mr. Holmes." Jane said politely. "Yes, it was very refreshing. Thank you for asking." Sherlock simply smirked and turned a page in the book. It was then that she noticed her employer sitting in the armchair across from the silently gloating Mr. Holmes.
"Thank you, Mr. Moriarty, but you really shouldn't have troubled yourself," Jane replied, but she smiled at his kind gesture none-the-less. "Allow me to put on something more appropriate for entertaining a guest and I will lunch with you if you would like."
“Yes, Ms. Watson?” She asked tentatively.
Molly smirked at Jane as Mr. Sherlock Holmes left the premises of their humble abode, raising an eyebrow at her quizzically.
"I solve crimes..."
"I love you too, god, I do..." she admitted against his lips. His hands rested and her hips, fingertips gently pressing into them, just enough to assure her that this was real.
"I know this tree." Jane admitted, glancing around at their surroundings.
"You could, but that would be dull." He rolled his eyes once more, letting out an annoyed sigh. Obviously, he wasn't terribly pleased to have his question dodged, but Jane couldn't be damned to justify his quandaries with an answer, certainly not for the rude behavior she was getting from him.
"That's a complicated question with a lot of complicated answers."
"You two were dueling for the right to ask my hand in marriage."
It had been a month. Harry had insisted that John get a therapist but he wouldn't really talk about his feelings or anything with the professional. Mostly John poured himself into research on blue moons and fog. Fog wasn't terribly uncommon in the town he'd spent the last fifteen months of his life in. But it was a little daunting to imagine how much luck he'd have to have in order to get both a blue moon and a foggy morning on the same day.
"She doesn't really look like a princess." Mike mumbled.
With a nervous breath, Jane thought through the offer and nodded.
"What are you doing here?" he questioned but Jane knew she had to help Mrs. Hudson quickly. There would be time to answer his questions later.
"Not well. I'm afraid that with everything that's happened, she's been taking it all quite hard." Wolfguard explained rubbing his face with a little bit of exasperation.
"Jane?" Sherlock asked, slowly pulling out of her and laying by her side. He hesitantly rested his arm around her waist.
"I trust your journey went well?"
"Was that so hard?" She asked with a smirk, sauntering back to Sherlock and kneeling down to examine the swollen ankle. "Lemme guess. You stumbled among the roots of the tree?"
"Yeah, well, I'm not like most women." Jane said evenly.
"Amanda, it's a pleasure to see you, thank you for your hospitality. I know this was rather unexpected." The man greeted, he looked very tired to John.
"No. I don't want a boyfriend either."
"Oh... um... thank you, Dr. Watson." He replied, swallowing thickly and looking a bit too much like a child who had got caught with his hand in the cookie jar. The suspicion that he was cheating on her came back full throttle. Dr. Watson? She didn't know what to say. She'd taken his last name and yet he was insisting that separation be in place between them? Jane shook off her shock, determined to at least get something to do around here from this conversation.
"Dr. Watson is very extraordinary, indeed, and, in fact, a woman. She's not a doctor by profession, but I've never seen anyone more skilled at medicine than she is." Sherlock paused only a second or so to see the effect of his words before continuing to avoid another interruption. "She's actually what I wished to talk to you about."
“I’ll double the amount on it,” Moriarty replied with a smirk. “And I’ll throw in a tip for at least letting my dearest friend try it on.”
"Well, I've never seen you so convicted about anything. That Sherlock must be a special guy." John nodded in agreement.
"If you like it that much, I'll endeavor to try more lewd but intelligent conversation on you."
Living on Moriarty's estate proved to be just as the man had promised. The guest home was a decent walk from the main house so Jane was left mostly alone. Eventually, she got bored sitting in the empty house and made her way to the main house in search of Moriarty to see if she could at least help with party preparations.
"Ms. Watson, this is Mr. Gregory Lestrade." Sherlock murmured faintly, nearly falling over. Jane caught him, cupping his cheek and making him look at her.
“To whom?” John burst out before he could stop himself. “The tall, dark stranger?”
"I can't believe I'm having this talk with you. Shut up!" Harry giggled and John actually joined in for a moment. After a moment there was silence and Harry looked down at the mug in her lap. "Did this mysterious man you married have a name?"
This was the second time in her life that she never expected to hear those words from this wonderful, eccentric man and yet here they were, Sherlock confessing his heart to her once more despite now knowing the truth behind her past and Jane found herself breathless as if that confession and the force of honesty behind it had knocked the wind out of her. For a moment, Jane’s mind panicked that Sherlock and the Regency era would melt away again and she would find herself back in her own time as the person she no longer felt that she was… but a minute passed and the sensation of Sherlock’s hand desperately holding her own didn’t disappear.
"Obviously your answer is yes."
She settled down if only a little, going back to sniffling as he slowly made his way over to her. He sat down next to her, still giving her a foot or two of space, but trying his best to be - he wasn't sure - comforting?
Days turned to weeks, and soon a month had passed since she had opened her office and while it wasn't a steady enough income for her to justify independence from Mr. Moriarty's generosity, it did prove to be an effective way for Jane to slowly regain her confidence in herself.
"We'll take it slow, okay? Just Jane right now. Nothing more complicated than that."
"Oh, great. A woman. Not exactly what I was hoping for in a rescuer." The man stated with a disappointed tone.
"When I am not recovering from both a wrist and ankle sprain, yes." Sherlock joked, amused by Jane's genuine shock to the enormity of his wealth.
"Nearly ten years now. It started out a happy marriage from what I understand but she treated him poorly once she was with child... Or so the rumors say..."
“So how did you come to get a job as a maid here rather than a physician?"
"Jo-Jane... You do know that sounds..."
The journey was mostly quiet between the two of them after that. Jane found herself surrounded by a large garden in less than an hour and Sherlock informed her that they were on the land of Bakerfield Park. And as the carriage pulled to a halt, ten minutes later, Sherlock explained that Bakerfield Park was, in fact, his. Jane marveled at the elegant architecture, unable to comprehend how she had managed to rescue such a wealthy man, not once, but three times.
"Why would you buy me tea?" Jane asked suspiciously.
"Isn't beauty just an abstract social construct to you?" Jane teased and he gently took her hand in his own, pressing it to his lips.
John dug the gun out of his pocket, checking to make sure that it was loaded before pressing it to his temple. The surge of emotions that struck him mercilessly was bizarre, foreign. He never imagined that he would feel fear in the face of killing himself. His finger trembled as he brushed it over the trigger. He was so close and yet... A pathetic whimper tore itself from his throat, and he threw the gun down the hill, legs curling up against his chest as he began to sob. He was furious with himself and the way his body was aching for air and his hands were shaking. He was hyperventilating, chest heaving with panic. Why did he have to be such a coward? Why couldn't he just end it? What did he have left in the world?
"Who's the one who told me I should be exercising it more in the first place?"
It was fifteen minutes after Sherlock had arrived down in the garden before Moriarty finally showed up, dressed in a white shirt, black trousers, and a cocky smirk.
"What does she call you?" he asked curiously, eyebrow quirking upwards.
“I…” Jane hesitated as she thought about what he meant by that and came to the conclusion that he was most likely asking for her to elaborate without actually asking. “Well, the most common symptoms for early stages of pregnancy are nausea, fatigue, either a loss or increase of appetite, and swollen breasts…”
"Ms. Adler, this is Doctor Watson." Sherlock introduced, standing stiffly. "Doctor Watson, this is my fiancee, Ms. Irene Alder."
Virginia was simple enough too, she loved seeing operas with Wolfson and he had never complained about it. So Jane gave Virginia two tickets to see the newest opera in London. Virginia showed her usual dose of excitement, pulling Jane into a hug and telling Sherlock that he had made a good choice in spouse, making Jane and her husband blush and feel a pit of incredible awkwardness.
"I suppose it would surprise you to know that I do, in fact, feel differently on the matter. I am not at all opposed to joining you in the kitchen, just as long as you don't expect me to work."
"Well, no time like the present." Jane muttered with a heavy sigh.
"Well, Mr. Holmes and I agreed to get married as it mutually benefits us both. I'm sure there's nothing else to it. Moriarty... made a move on me today so it was in self-defense..."
It didn't take long before they were both quietly moaning each other's names into one another's ears and soon she was tightening around him as they both spiraled towards the brink of orgasm.
"It's rude to accuse a lady of deception."
"Wow."
"That's how you see me?" she questioned, tone not sounding any lighter.
With her frankly depressing reality realized, she set to work planning the party. She was going to go as full Martha Stewart as was possible in the time period, she decided, drawing up lots of different ornament designs and really paying attention to the architecture so she could use every element of the house to compliment the decorations, as well as make the decorations accentuate the beauty of the home.
"We should go to the base. We haven't been since she got here." Mike suggested as they wandered around the courtyard.
The way Sherlock treated her was always so astounding to her. She had sex plenty of times when she when she was a man, perhaps it was because they had all been flings. John had been with a man before; giving it the old college try, but it had been one of the worst sexual experiences of his life. That partner had no consideration for how John felt about bottoming on his first time with a man and had barely cared enough to lube him up before shoving his cock inside him.
"You don't. You'll have to take a chance on me. Or I could just leave if that's what you'd prefer..." Jane said, standing up and dusting off her skirts as she turned on her heel, starting to trek down the hill.
“Well, I had always wanted to learn, but my father insisted that singing and pianoforte were a woman’s art.”
"Silly?" Sherlock supplied, the tips of his ears a light pink.
"Who?"
"Maybe a little?...You seem to be in a good mood today."
"I'd say something changed between you both last night." she said knowingly, starting to pick up and neatly fold the clothes as if acknowledging the presence of the articles cut off any chance Jane had of denying anything.
"Thank you, sir. Have a very pleasant day, and I will see you tomorrow, hopefully under better conditions." Jane murmured, making her way back inside and after stripping off her dress and returning to her nightgown, she climbed into bed and slept some more.
"Mrs. Holmes! I'm so sorry you had to see that..." he mumbled awkwardly as he pulled his trousers back on and fastened them hastily. The other man quietly did the same, but Jane couldn't help but notice the amused smile tugging on his lips.
“Ms. Watson, you do say the strangest things. What, pray tell, is a telly?” Molly asked and Jane's expression faltered.
"What? As in am I attracted to him?" Jane asked aghast.
"An orphan of no fortune who works as a scullery maid? Yes, I'm sure she'll adore me." Jane said sarcastically.
"Hello, Ms. Morstan. I'm sorry for leaving without any word." Jane greeted apologetically. She set the dress down and gave Mary a tentative hug. "I don't have any explanation to offer, but I intend to stay this time."
“Hey, C-Captain?” Bill asked in a voice an octave higher than usual and John looked up from his clumsy hands to Bill’s pleading eyes. “When you g-get out of this place and you f-find a pretty girl to settle down with, give her a k-kiss for me, would you?”
The weather, he decided, was now trying its best to appear as depressing as possible without actually raining, though the sky made a show of it with booming thunder and a few flashes of lightning despite the lack of an actual downpour.
One of the ladies stepped forward and started singing slowly but strongly. There were no actual lyrics at this point, only a handful of sounds that sounded good musically. Molly took initiative, grabbing handfuls of her skirt and lifting until her ankles were visible. Jane mimicked the action, following Molly's steps as she skipped back and forth in relatively the same spot to the pace of the music, giving a few kicks as she fell naturally into the world of the song. Jane did her best to imitate her friend's steps, as well as her enthusiasm.
"Mr. Lestrade! He asked me last night after the party had mostly died down. And I couldn't help it, I just said yes!"
"Can we talk about how shit of a brother I am in the car?" John asked, rolling his eyes and sighing.
"Holmes, are you alright? I thought you when you asked me to mediate this duel that you were confident in your victory." The man murmured, coming up to the two of them with a concerned frown.
"Oh... Can I ask you a favor?" Jane asked, remembering whatever it was suddenly.
"Uncomfortable? Why would I be uncomfortable, you used to follow me around like a little puppy before we got married."
"Yes." Jane lied, knowing she had no place here now. The hurt that had been in Sherlock's voice before Ms. Adler showed up had made sure she knew that she shouldn't be here. "Mrs. Hudson was behaving bizarrely and Mr. Holmes sent for me."
"Haha. That was such a funny quip I forgot to laugh."
Finally, I'm terribly sorry for not posting this chapter before I went on my ten day hiatus. I had every intention of doing so. I had most of it typed out and my page glitched out before I had a chance to post it, therefor destroying all of my progress right before I had to go out of town.
"This is Sherlock's property. How is this not trespassing?"
"I'm assuming that's why you made me curl my hair today?" Jane asked with raised eyebrows. Molly nodded, grinning brightly at a sky blue dress she found on the shelf.
"Don't fret over it, Ms. Morstan, I was considering putting the book down and giving my eyes a rest before you interrupted anyway." Mr. Moriarty said with a smile, standing. He didn't appear to be that much taller than John was when he was in his normal body though in his form, John had determined he was a good three inches shorter.
"I am stronger than I look." She defended in a growling tone. Ungrateful prat.
Business slowly began to pick up after that, and Jane attributed it to Mrs. Hudson spreading the word about what a fine job the good doctor had done in helping her recover from something that would've likely killed her had Jane not arrived when she did. Her suspicions were confirmed by most patients when they mentioned the sweet woman's name and that was when Jane realized it was her way of supporting her in the only way she could.
“Alright. I'll stay with you. I'm fine sleeping on the sofa though, no need to share your bed with me.” John answered, smiling politely. “Do you get any good channels on the telly?”
She closed her eyes and kissed him tenderly and of course he melted into the kiss. He knew that whatever her past, it wasn't something she was ready to share with him yet, no matter how much he wanted to know.
"No. That's me... I'm Jane..." he murmured quietly.
"Here. I'll help apply the lavender." Moriarty offered, taking one of the sprigs and crushing it with his hands until it was somewhat paste-like. He started rubbing his hands over the burns, sneaking peeks down her dress and brushing his fingers as close to the edge of the fabric as he could manage. Sherlock noticed immediately what Moriarty was up to and he glared at him slightly.
“Truly?”
Everyone looked like they were from the Regency era. Normally, they should be the odd ones, but with John so under-dressed, he was definitely the odd one out in this case. His pace increased until he was running, trying to avoid people's cold and judgmental gazes as he escaped the small civilization. He found a stable and hid among the straw, trying to get his bearings. His head was reeling as he tried to make sense of the events this morning.
"Oh, the Christmas tree!"
"Alright. I was just surprised." Jane admitted, chuckling.
"You're concerned that we may not have all of the necessities." Sherlock observed with a smirk. "My grandparents insisted that their wedding bands go to whomever of me and my siblings got married first. Since it will be Sunday, everyone will already be at the church for morning prayers. I have plenty of suitable outfits for the ceremony, so the only thing left is your dress."
"Is this a scheme to get me to open up?" he said, but there was no venom in his voice, instead there was just some sort of contentment lining it.
The thought of marriage had always daunted him until now, but considering marrying Jane, he realized why. Marriage to a normal woman would be monotonous and tedious. He would have to listen to his prospective wife go on about subjects that he had no interest in, like clothing or some other nonsense. And while he supposed that was still a possibility with Jane, he had come to the conclusion that almost every conversation they had had together, whether mundane or not, he hadn't been bored. Still, he couldn't imagine they would be terribly close after the wedding. Jane would still want her freedom and Sherlock would still wish for his space. But that didn't change how mutually beneficial it would be for the both of them, as Jane had pointed out. He'd be free from the torture of a mundane marriage, and she would be free of Moriarty's advances as well as have her future well insured with his wealth. He fell asleep comfortably at the thought that Jane wasn't angered by his rashness and strangely comforted by her presence.
"Yes. I think that that covers everything I wanted to talk to you about." Jim said, closing his book and starting to make his way to his study. "If you need to find me, I shall be in my study."
He looked off towards the horizon at the thick wall of trees that bordered the town. He would do it tonight, he decided, though he felt bad about proving Sarah wrong in every aspect of her reading, not that he was likely to actually achieve any of the things she had predicted.
"Erm... Ms. Lestrade, sorry to interrupt, but I was wondering if you might honor me with a dance?"
“My name is Molly Hooper.” the girl introduced quietly. “May I know your name?”
"Sherlock doesn't mind. Do you, Sherlock?" John pleaded, daring himself to face his unsettling companion. She looked up from the ground once again and shook her head before moving to sit on the grass under a tree not too far off from where they'd be practicing, once again finding interest in the soil in front of her. John looked at Mike and shrugged.
Jane was silent for a moment as she thought through the situation. Sherlock did look genuinely sorry for the lie he had told Moriarty. It wasn't like he did it with bad intentions; he had being trying to defend her honor, however misguided he had been in going about it.
"I need something to do." She said seriously.
"Well, I know that you talked with
“Your sister had a wife?” he questioned in disbelief.
"I suppose I might as well tell you... I wouldn't be fair to keep you in the dark forever... Especially since I plan on trying to go back in a little less than two years."
"What purpose does that serve?" he wondered out loud and Jane smiled.
Jane soothed Mrs. Hudson as she waited for Sherlock to return with the tea. Once the tea was in hand, Jane carefully helped Mrs. Hudson drink, letting her breathe in the aroma as well. Sherlock sat in an armchair in the corner, watching her curiously as if he stared at her long enough he'd be able to tell where the hell she had been all this time.
I'm not really going to do chapter summaries anymore because they take time to come up with Netflix-esque cliff notes when you're going to be reading the chapter anyways. So enjoy.
"What happened to you?" the ranger asked, raising an eyebrow. John was quiet a moment, and the ranger thought he wasn't going to talk so it came as a surprise when he heard John's voice.
"There you are. I was considering forming a search party to go find you." Ms. Hooper said, standing from her kneeling position and brushing the dust off of her apron. "The stew is almost ready. You must be quite famished."
John pulled the door open and stepped once more onto the street. He let out a heavy sigh, noticing immediately absence of the incense and an immediate drop in his mood now that he had separated himself from Sarah’s contagious cheery attitude.
"Well, it is Christmas." John stated, taking the mug and then a careful sip before setting it on a shelf in the tub.
"It still means a lot to them." Jane stared at him for a moment before resuming picking up dishes and going into the kitchen and returning.
"Ms. Watson..." Sherlock groaned, burying his face into his pillow with a heavy sigh.
“It is, isn’t it?” She shrugged. “I’m a simple sort of woman, I suppose.”
Harry didn't know what to think. Yes, it was an unbelievable story but there was just so much honesty in John's eyes. Whether it had actually happened or not, John believed it did.
"It's cold. That would be unfair to you."
"Then what is it that you want to know?" Jane's eyebrows knit together in confusion.
"What exactly is 'getting off' in this instance?" Jane groaned, rolling over and hiding her face in a pillow. She could practically feel the man smirk, running his hand over her hip. "The way it's making you blush, I can only guess..."
Want to see more Johnlock Content? Let me know at jeanneriddle.weebly.com
"You two bicker as if you're married." Greg commented with a small amount of awe.
“Once… I’m very much female now. But I would gladly be whatever you wanted me to be…” she admitted with a blush. Sherlock’s gaze set on her once more and she felt as if she were only a few inches tall the way it bore into her.
“I… don’t know what to say…” he confessed defeatedly after a moment or so, staring into the fireplace.
"The lady I used to live with."
"William Sherlock Scott Holmes, are you saying that your bride-to-be is not beautiful?" Sherlock rubbed the spot he had been hit.
After a moment or so he started moving his hips, kissing her deeply as he established a pace to build up. He broke their kiss to start fucking her in earnest and she adored it. Soon she was clinging to him, moaning his name in his ear as he thrust into her.
"No, I can read." Jane defended, crossing her arms. "Why?"
The next spring, the Holmes and Lestrade families were officially united. Molly took a great deal of pleasure in being able to officially call Jane family; Jane felt the same. The young couple bought a small estate not far from Baskerville and both families would visit them often. And Sherlock and Jane knew it wouldn't be too much longer before Harriet would grow up at leave them too.
“What if the truth scares him away..?” This question came in hardly more than a hushed whimper and had they been anywhere near the hustle and bustle of the town, or even Moriarty’s main house on the estate, he was sure he wouldn’t have heard it. His features softened and he lifted her chin to meet her eye.
Sherlock was laying on the cold, stone floor outside what had been Wolfguard's room during his stay. It was so rare for him to hear her voice that he didn't even realize that it was her until he spotted her there. She was curled around a pillow, tears streaming down her pale cheeks, and John actually felt bad for her. She must've missed her dad, he figured. He knew that if his mother had left him in a strange place by himself, he'd probably be in a similar state. He hesitated a moment, trying to decide if he should just close the door and try and go back to sleep... but something told him it would be a long time before Sherlock stopped crying, and also that it wouldn't be very nice to ignore someone in such a state of distress.
"Oh, Sherlock, and Dr. Watson, it's a pleasure to meet you, young lady." A woman, obviously Sherlock's mother came out from the front door and approached them with a bright grin. "I hear that you rescued my boy yesterday. I can't thank you enough."
Most nights, assuming he wasn't too tired, Sherlock would pepper kisses over his wife's shoulders as he held her to him. Jane would offer lazy smiles, occasionally pulling her husband in for a long, tender kiss.
Jane's eyebrows furrowed in confusion, going upstairs and getting changed into something more suitable for the public, climbing down the stairs and gesturing to her outfit.
"This is not a fight to the death, gentlemen, so avoid fatal wounds if at all possible. Any yielding is a forfeit of the duel and the winner will be determined by me." Mary inched her way over to Jane while they listened, patting her shoulder encouragingly.
"As pleasant as this tea is, I'm going to have to cut this short."
"What's their names?" He prodded again.
"You do understand how hasty a decision this is that you're making, don't you?" Virginia questioned, concern flooding her eyes.
"Pfft. This is nothing. I'm used to it being at the small of my back... It being this short makes me feel off..."
“‘A little more genuine’?” John repeated, raising an eyebrow. The woman shrugged.
"I'm here doing shopping for a family Christmas party that I'm hosting."
"That's easy, so we declare a rule where girls aren't allowed." Mike said coolly. John thought about it and nodded. Yes, that did sound like a pretty good plan.
"Why do I need to get up this early?"
"I don't know, maybe where you've been this whole time, and why Ranger Dimmock said he discovered you in a ripped dress in the forest crying like a little girl." John gave a very, very heavy sigh, shifting to turn to the window he'd been staring out of.
"What makes you think I want anything? I'm certainly not after his money." Jane protested. Jim pressed her up against the door and pinned her there.
"Still too early to hear the baby's heart." she decided out loud, moving on to check Molly's health as the health of the mother was just as important as the baby's. "Are you eating well, Molly?"
"You're over it? You do continue to astound me, Mrs. Holmes..." Sherlock murmured in a sort of awe. Jane's features softened and she plopped back down on the grass, patting the spot beside her. Sherlock nervously sat, swallowing thickly.
"He didn't remove my clothes or defile me, if that's what you're worried about." Jane remembered how valued virginity was in this time, and while John technically was not a virgin, curiosity had gotten the better of her at one point and she discovered that she did have an intact maidenhead.
"Jane... I'm - I'm so sorry that I lost the duel." Sherlock murmured, wincing as Jane wrapped the strip of ripped fabric around his wound and then pulled it tight to apply pressure and stop the bleeding.
jeanneriddle.weebly.com
"At the next song we should dance!" Molly suggested enthusiastically. Jane glanced out among the dancers, she'd hired on a dance tutor so that at her next social gathering, she didn't look like a fool, but the dancing that was taking place here, she didn't recognize at all. It was unrefined, free, wild even. Ladies twirled about, skirts floating through the air and men skipped and leapt, uninhibited by normal social convention. The song ended and everyone let out cheers, clapping for the band. Molly took off her shoes and placed them to the side and Jane hesitantly did the same. Three lovely ladies stood at the foot of the stage and Molly tugged Jane along as had been her custom this evening.
"How do I know that you're not going to repeat the same thing you just did to me?"
"Yep, that's the one."
"You're giving me a dress for the party?" Jane questioned in disbelief.
"Why is it that you treat me like I'm made of glass?" she wondered out loud and Sherlock's eyebrows furrowed.
"I wouldn't have it any other way." Amanda soothed, patting his back. "Your travels will be made infinitely safer if you're well rested when you return."
"Beauty is an abstract concept, mother." Virginia swatted at his good shoulder.
"How do I look?" she questioned, giving Moriarty a twirl to show off the dress. It was lilac with creme lace. He nodded his approval.
She had spent a lot of time crying heavily, sobs sometimes racking her entire, small body, but his tiredness caught up to him bit by bit until every cry dimmed in the haze of his sleep deprivation and his eyelids grew heavier and heavier. And he couldn't say for certain when he finally drifted off for the rest of the night, there against the wall in the hallway.
"You should change into something more worthy of a day on the town, Mrs. Holmes. We're going out," he suggested, excitement lighting his eyes.
The next morning, Sherlock awoke to a fully dressed Jane gently prodding him awake.
"Harry, hello." John greeted good-naturedly, shaking his head as if he'd been deep in thought. "Need to use the loo?"
"Oh, well, that..." Jane blushed the brightest shade of red. "Um... Do we have to talk about this now?"
"This is the exact spot that I met you, Jane. One year after doing so."
The ride passed quickly enough, and soon Jane found herself standing outside a building she did not recognize. It was newer than the surrounding buildings, but a decent amount of foliage had grown around it. It caused her a great deal of confusion.
Molly had plans for them though, and she made sure to tell Jane about it as soon as there was an option to go through with them.
"The servants won't let me help. I am used to doing sutures, not cross-stitch, and it's not proper for noble women to have occupations, I need something to do around here. Anything."
Normally, one would participate in things he might never get a chance to do again when in an unfamiliar town on the border of two nations, but John wasn’t exactly in the mood for tourism or sightseeing. Unfortunately for him, it seemed a young blonde woman in a floor length floral silk dressing gown and a gold turban that looked suspiciously more like a shower cap had different ideas as she hooked her arm around his own.
"I do, actually." Ms. Morstan answered with a smirk. "Mr. Moriarty was kind enough to invite my family to attend so now that you are ready, it's my turn to go prepare. Have fun, tonight, Jane. And I wish you luck with your husband."
“Erm… Ms. Hooper?” He began, once against finding himself wincing at the lovely feminine voice that he now had. The bed shifted as Molly turned to look at Jane curiously.
Again the corners of Sherlock's lips twisted upwards in a small smirk and she had to fight the overwhelming urge to punch him. "Now that you mention it, I would like some assistance moving up to the balcony on the second floor. This room is fine, I suppose, but a little dark for reading. I was merely indulging Moriarty."
"Yes. Would you like me to introduce him to you when we get there?" Jane's expression changed into a more gleeful one as she started to giggle. This served only to annoy him and he sighed. "I don't understand what you find so amusing."
John’s brain clicked into doctor mode, determination to save his friend settling into his bones. The logical part of his brain knew that Bill was beyond saving; the man would bleed out within the next few minutes and that would be that. But sentimentality had won out. He couldn’t let this happen. They had made promises and plans for when they got out of this hell hole of a country. They were going to go to Bill’s favorite pub in London! They were going to be each other’s best man. They would spend nights by the telly watching 007 and other action-packed movies with plates of pasta, thai, and other delicious meals on their laps, hearts and bellies full with simplicity and the good company of best friends, and with any luck, two very pretty ladies.
"You're confusing me again, Jane." Harry sighed softly, looking into his eyes.
"I suppose it is rather obvious.. isn't it..?" Jane nodded and he sat next to her. "I just... don't want to be a cause for you to think all men are hopeless..."
I'm back~ Sorry for the delay in chapters, I had a busy September and October and while my November and December are looking to be pretty busy as well, but I hope to have this story finished before February, in a perfect world. I've started setting due dates for myself so hopefully I'll be more on track with updating. By the way, I apologize for the Moffat like cliffhanger I'm about to torture you all with, it's just the way I envision this story continuing.
“Yes, I can imagine how awful that must sound…” Sherlock agreed with an awkward nod. “You’re welcome to share my ‘solitude’ for a few moments…”
“We have… the big bag of money, a sense of fulfillment, and the tall, dark stranger!” She announced, and the pictures very clearly corresponded to her words. John laughed, eyes narrowed but his smile gave away that he was actually amused.
"You know... around..." he said casually and Harry smacked his arm with a glare.
"Nope. He left again two days ago, sorry."
"How romantic." she teased before turning serious. "I was writing to my sister." He quirked an eyebrow in expectation that she'd elaborate. "I know that there's not exactly postage to the future, but I don't know, a part of me hopes that she'll come across it and know that I'm okay. I didn't exactly leave her with the impression that I'd make it back to the time I wanted."
“It’s fine.” He assured, standing up and once more limping towards the door. “Have a good day… er, what was your name?”
“Well, that’s… enlightening…” John muttered, pulling another few pounds from his pockets and setting them on the table with a heavy sigh.
Molly and Mr. Lestrade's wedding had been beautiful. The leaves were just starting to turn yellow, leaving them to look like they were gilded, and Molly's dress was a lovely lilac color that suited her well. It was Jane and Sherlock's first time meeting Amelia and though she didn't smile much, it was somehow easy to see that she was happy for her father and excited at the prospect of finally having a mother. The party lasted well through the night; Amelia turned in early, naturally, and Molly chose to put her to bed on her own volition before returning to their celebration.
“I’m very much aware of that, Sherlock, but if you would give me a moment to explain myself further, I could at least try to prove to you I am a woman now,” she growled, a little irritated with the way this conversation appeared to be going. “I’m with child.”
"Shut it."
Jane sighed, crouching down to wrap his arm around her shoulder and help him up to a standing position. They made their journey to the balcony in silence and once they arrived, Holmes got comfortable on one of the many cushions found under the canopy of autumn-tainted trees there and gestured to another one.
"Well... she's been through a very traumatic experience recently." she offered as explanation finally. John couldn't even guess what that meant.
"What have you done with my brother?" She teased and he rolled his eyes.
"I will take no part in danc-
"Yeah. Of course." Jane answered, smoothing out the fabric on her lap and sitting up straight. Sherlock slowly entered, closing the door behind him and approaching her. "Nervous much?"
"Ladies first," Moriarty stated, unlocking and opening the door for her. Jane hesitantly stepped inside, looking around her surroundings curiously.
"I think it's been close to fifteen months. Let's get you back to town and I'll call your sister!" The ranger suggested and John followed quietly, bitterly. "I know you haven't been hiding in these woods for the last year and a half, so where have you been?"
"Why not? She's my maid, after all. I do actually plan on marrying her."
"I don't understand." Sherlock admitted, looking a little confused.
"Allow me to explain." he pleaded, blushing brightly. "Moriarty was... I don't want to say molesting you, but that was exactly what he was doing. I confronted him about it and he stated that he planned on marrying you. I know your disdain towards the man so in an attempt to get him to stop pursuing you, I lied."
And that was how the next few days went down. John and Mike would go off and do something, Sherlock would follow at the insistence of Queen Amanda, and then she'd just sit there and stare at nothing while John and Mike did their very best to pretend that the gloomy raincloud of a girl wasn't actually there.
"Not sure." John lied. It was better that no one knew his adventure, after all who would believe him?
"Mostly because of work..." he admitted, stepping back again and blushing slightly.
“As much as I would like to continue to kiss you for the duration of the evening, I do believe it’s about time I attend to my guests and set matters straight…” Sherlock murmured against her lips, his other hand daring to reach for her stomach with the knowledge that his child was growing beneath his fingertips.
"You are a woman who knows medicine and works for Moriarty; I'm fairly certain I can handle more disbelief."
“Well, there’s a break in your life line. That’s something I haven’t seen a lot of.” She explained. He remained silent, hoping she’d elaborate. “It means your life is going to change drastically.”
Soon both ladies had retired to bed and Molly still hadn’t uttered a word before falling asleep. Obviously, she was still thinking about what sort of work Jane could assist with.
Jane let out a small moan, grabbing him by the collar of his jacket and pulling him nearer. He broke the kiss to plant his lips on her neck, hand seeking out the laces at the back of her dress to tug them undone. He held her close, licking over her neck and sucking at her pulse point and she forgot how to breathe for a moment once he started sliding her dress off her.
"What do you get out of it?" she asked seriously.
Abruptly they stopped a moment and it left Jane feeling like she were on a steep cliff, hanging off by the last note. The third woman sang finally, her own set of notes and then the other ladies joined in with their notes again. It sounded more like an argument now, but every once in a while the notes would find their way into harmony before shooting back out into a conflicting discord and chaotic but beautiful nature. Once again they stopped but silence didn't follow. Instead, the sound of a violin sprung the song to life and any stragglers on the dance floor were now fully engaged and Jane had finally managed to find her own groove as the first singer began the first verse of the song.
Sherlock seemed to be relieved by the assistance Jane was providing him with, his shoulders relaxing. Still, there was a hint of what looked like worry and confusion in his eyes.
As it turned out, the reason Jane hadn't seen Mary Morstan around since her return was that she had married a young man by the name of Alexander Waltz and was living happily in London with him. They had apparently been friends since childhood. It was a relief to know that she was probably living a good life. Every once in a while, Jane and Mary would exchange letters, but their correspondence was few and far between.
"I'm sure she would enjoy that. I doubt you could, but please don't try to intimidate her. She had a very trying day today."
“What else?”
“Well, it looks like your health line is long and deep, so you can be expecting good health.” John had to actually hold back a snort. Fighting off a year of infections in his shoulder wound hadn’t exactly been supportive of this claim she was making to his health. “Looks like you can be expecting a marriage soon too!”
“You tried so hard to save me but… the John Watson you knew died on that bloody battlefield alongside his best friend. I’m sorry… I’m so sorry that I couldn’t be the man you saw me as…the man you believed I was...”
"Does yours not?" his brows knit together.
"Can we not talk about this?" Jane asked, blushing brightly and grabbing her bloomers and putting them on quickly.
The numbers seemed to make John's head spin and his ears ring. 1811? That simply couldn't be right. But as he entered Ms. Hooper's humble abode on unsteady feet it was starting to become a little easier to believe those digits. He searched the room for any signs of modern technology as subtly as he could but there were no light switches nor outlets, and nothing with cords attached. John ran his fingers over his scar absentmindedly, the dull pain from the pressure, coupled with the numbness, the only reminder of his grip on reality. This didn't feel like a dream. The tight clothing was definitely real. That meant all of this, although it seemed incredibly impossible, was real.
"I'm settling some of my father's gambling debts."
"Well, I don't want to damage the man's reputation but that is not what I would've prescribed Molly with." Jane murmured thoughtfully, gesturing for Molly to sit on the examination table. Once Molly was situated, Jane's fingers carefully and skillfully felt for the baby.
"There is one thing that you could do. Follow me," he suggested, making his way back up the stairs. Jane followed him as told but halted when he reached the door to his bedroom.
"Sherlock, you're forgetting the most important thing about me..." Jane softly cooed, leaning in until her lips were just brushing against his. "Being your wife means that I am your family too."
"I've been meaning to talk with you for a couple weeks now, but you're never home."
"Ah. I see." Jane was quiet for another minute before another question flowed from her lips. "Observing what, exactly?"
"Yes, I believe she does. She doesn't judge me despite seeing my ability to deduce firsthand and she's incredibly supportive. Without her help, I would probably still be in the forest with a sprained ankle, dead or dying."
"Not at all, Wolfguard. I'm only too happy to help. I know we didn't plan on introducing the two of them this early, but I can be flexible, especially in light of what has happened." Amanda assured before softening. "How is Virginia?"
The other ladies joined in, singing in harmony with one another and guided the song into the pre-chorus. Suddenly the song was less about adventure and more about being bound to home. The conflicting views of the singers were disorienting, but somehow it spoke volumes to the discontentment Jane was feeling in regards to her own life. She couldn't be sure if she agreed completely with Molly's plan to chase after Sherlock, but it would be nice to at least see more of him, to return to the blossoming friendship they had before their nuptials.
If any of you want to vote on my survey about which fics come after I eventually finish this one, I have about five more chapters, I think, before this story comes to its end and it may be awhile until I do another Johnlock fic based on current results.
"Why did you cover for me?"
He would glance behind his shoulder to see if she was still trailing behind him and each time he looked at her it sent a chill down his spine. She was the scariest girl he'd ever seen. He didn't even know that girls could be scary. One thing was sure in his mind though, he definitely had to figure out a way to convince his mother to break off the marriage agreement. He couldn't marry such a scary girl.
"Of course, I couldn't let my dear Molly go into financial ruin. And any friend of hers can find equal friendship in me." Mary stated with a smile. "Now, if you excuse me, I have to go dress in some work appropriate attire. My mother would have my head if I were to cook in this dress." and with that she retreated upstairs. In about fifteen minutes she returned downstairs again in a light grey dress.
"First of all, look at the detailing of the cravat. It's embroidered with darker blue. Cravats like that tend to be expensive, and unless it was a gift, most people wouldn't be able to afford such a thing. But it's not a gift. How do I know? Because the rest of his ensemble was tailored to match that particular cravat. The edges of his sleeves are embroidered with the same design. Not only that, but it's a small village, he'd have no reason to dress so expensively unless all of his wardrobe looks similar. Now, banker, how did I pinpoint that when there are plenty of other professions that make a fortune enough to afford such an outfit? Easy. The way he carries his money is a give away. Most men, when going to a market like this would simply carry their coins in a pouch on their belt, but this man keeps his pouch, with an intricate fastening, in his jacket; an obvious sign that he is used to treating money with the utmost professional care. Deducing that he's married is by far one of the simpler tasks. The wedding band on his finger speaks volumes as to his eligibility. And the cats? There's a collection of long, white hairs on the back of his jacket, most likely from a Persian. As well as short orange hairs, suggesting a tabby cat. 'Why cats, though, it could just as easily be dogs,' I can practically hear you thinking. Well, back to this man's profession, he's a banker. There's no way he keeps his clothes lying about on the floor and a man of his stature probably wouldn't allow the dog on the furniture. Cats are much harder to control in that regard. It is quite probable that the cats decided to take a nap on his jacket if he left it sitting on a table or the bed. Finally the dog. That one's a little bit trickier. When he was walking past us, I noticed that he had short white hairs on his lower pant legs but not the upper ones. These hairs obviously don't belong to either of the cats since one is long haired with a white coat and the other is short haired with a ginger coat. Add to that the fact that there are no other short white hairs on his ensemble, we can assume that it's a creature that's not as agile as a cat. Since the fur never goes too high up his shin, it must be short in stature, therefore a small dog. Anything I forgot to address?"
"Please, go ahead and do so. Was your walk pleasant?"
All of her plans were plotted and she was ready to make the first step. She considered which aspect would probably take the longest and came to the conclusion that if she wanted a lot of baubles she should probably commission a glass-blower first. She decided to go to London for her shopping, knowing her tiny little town of Baskerville could hardly satiate the desires of her Christmas spirit.
"Oh, hello, Mr. Moriarty..." Jane said through her teeth, Moriarty just chuckled.
"Because her world is very different now. Parts of it have been stolen from her and she can never get them back." she answered, combing his hair back and hugging him closer. "I know that she may seem scary now, but it's only because she is very scared. She doesn't know who to trust. Will you please try to be nicer to her, for me?"
Jane still hardly saw Sherlock when he actually managed to be home but she found that he didn't go out of his way to avoid her anymore which made her feel better about the whole situation between them, whatever it was.
As always, thank you for your support. I love your feedback, and I will always appreciate your comments and kudos.
"Oh. I didn't even consider the fact that you have a family."
"I could ask you the same thing." Jane retort with a glare.
"What?! Holmes, what motive could you possibly have to do such a thing?!" Jane asked, almost springing out of bed. Sherlock soothed her back into her spot.
"Your hair is super long." She observed, combing her fingers through it as if to prove her point.
"But I'm not everyone else; I'm your husband." a cheeky grin appeared on his lips.
"I don't think it's that unreasonable. Yes, I'm walking better, but it's still not a journey I would be comfortable making by myself." Sherlock reasoned, gently rubbing the wrist that Jane had sprained. It was a subtle thing he had started doing when he thought she needed more persuasion. She knew exactly what he was doing, and yet she couldn't find it in her to refuse most of the things he asked of her. Besides, a day at the market sounded refreshing since it meant there was not going to be Moriarty anywhere near them.
"You said you were going to try to go back?"
“Emphasis on the word ‘could’?” John questioned skeptically. The woman chuckled.
"You're sure? I thought you'd want to rest that ankle."
“So, which of your whiles did you use to seduce him?” Moriarty asked with a playful smile, sidestepping until he was next to her.
She wasn't the largest fan of his ability to somehow know that she had walked here without even looking at her. Or perhaps he had when her back was turned... Either way, she was grateful his gaze wasn't on her now. She was certain she'd feel completely naked under his calculating gaze, which was something she wasn't particularly fond of either.
"You're the exception... Everything I think I notice about you, everything I try to understand, it seems to contradict itself. It's both thrilling and utterly confusing..." Sherlock's arms wrapped around her waist and he hugged her.
"You want something to do?" he repeated her statement from earlier with confusion expressed freely on his face.
"Well... I've changed a lot. Christmas is actually melancholy for me right now... but I have some good memories from last year... And remembering them... it's helping me stay in a better mood..."
"W-What?"
"Holmes... look at me." Sherlock did as he was told and was greeted, to his surprise, with a gentle kiss. It was not entirely broken when Jane spoke again. "I'm sure that that won't be the case."
"Not even my own sister calls me that anymore!" she protested, shoving at his chest playfully.
"That was not my intention. I've asked Dr. Watson for her hand in marriage."
"I hate to admit it, but yes, I did," Jane confessed with a sigh and Moriarty let out a little chuckle.
“And which versions are available?” He asked and she smirked.
Sherlock spent the duration of the time Mary took care of Jane pacing back and forth between his bedroom door and the balcony, occasionally stopping at the railing to gaze out over the estate with tense shoulders.
Jane spent as much time as she needed recovering from her interaction with Moriarty, brief and formal as it was, by looking over the dozens of dresses that were piled onto the shelves, each unique and patterned differently. Most were sewn in the same style, Jane noticed, the same cut as her wedding dress had been. Jane noticed that Sherlock had been standoffish since their wedding and now assumed that he regretted their union altogether. Jane didn't want to remind him of something he obviously didn't enjoy so she decided to go with something that wasn't reminiscent of that dress.
"One fatal flaw in your master plan, Molly. Mr. Holmes has a distaste for parties of any sort. I planned the Christmas party, if you recall."
"Enjoying the view?" a voice said next to him. People had been trying to talk to him all evening, but this was a voice he could not ignore since it belonged to the lady of the house.
"Perhaps I should get you like this more often, you give more compliments." Jane teased and he let out a little chuckle, kissing her forehead.
"That's one hell of a way to treat a person." She said through her ragged pants.
"Where's Sherlock? It's rude for the host to not greet his family." She mused, looking to Jane for answers. Jane felt nervousness well up inside her.
"I will see you tomorrow morning." Sherlock said harshly before making his way to the balcony, since it was so close to his room, and looking out over the estate in thought.
Jane paused, shoulders relaxing ever so slightly. She glanced over her shoulder to look at him.
"Good. Don't make any, you're spending the day with me." It was always a surprise to see him tell her to do something, rather than asking her, but then again, she was the only person he actually asked the opinion of from what she knew. She didn't mind, she couldn't imagine a better way to spend any Saturday.
"Moriarty assaulted you, didn't he?"
"I didn't imply that she wasn't..." he mumbled, sighing. "Don't you have some shopping to do or something? Stop hitting and chiding me and go do that." With a giggle, Virginia Holmes guided Jane back to the carriage. Jane glanced over her shoulder and raised an eyebrow at Sherlock, mouthing 'William?' She was only met by a glare as he closed the carriage door.
"Well, I do care about him. I've always admired the way he's a man ahead of his time. I realize we don't get along, but I can respect what he's capable of. But he's capable of so much more when he's with you. Besides, he opened up with you. Ms. Adler is only going to make him more recluse. I don't know why you disappeared, but I'm glad you're not dead, Holmes."
"I can't talk about what happened with her. I know you want me to get better, but it's not as simple as that." John cupped her cheek, smiling softly at his sister.
"I'm only trying to help you, Mr. Watson."
"Are you sure she's not using you as an opportunity to climb to a higher place in society and for your wealth?" Virginia asked uncertainly.
"When you found me... when I came back... it started as the best day of my life and then it was the worst..."
"Molly, I'm going to take Ms. Watson to see Mr. Moriarty now. I would love to see you for dinner so that we may chat. I have only seen you in church this past month and it saddens me. We used to be attached at the hip."
"Mary, since this is an off-the-shoulder dress, do you think you could fix my hair to cover my scar? I'm not terribly keen on displaying it tonight."
"Jane. Thank you, for this. I shan't forget it. How much do I owe you in payment for your services?" he questioned with a genuine smile as he dug out his purse.
"What skills do you have, Ms. Watson?"
“Legend goes that the fairies will steal away anyone on the moor when there’s a blue moon, foggy weather, and a rising or setting sun.” The mad man said in a hoarse voice, pausing to take a long sip of a nearby glass of water that the inn keeper had left for him.  “It just so happens that those very conditions are possible tonight!” He said with a twinkle in his eyes, it was a form of child-like wonder that John never anticipated seeing in a man so old. “So be wary if you go out tonight, you might just end up in the presence of the Fairy King himself!”
"Are you going to continue to watch me for the duration of the time before I retire for the evening, Mr. Holmes?" Jane only asked since she knew Mrs. Hudson would be in the kitchen washing the dishes and she wouldn't intrude.
"Mr. Holmes, I really don't blame you for being focused. I wouldn't have saved you if I didn't want to." She reached out and touched his hand in a reassuring manner. To Sherlock that touch was like a jolt of lightning, setting fire to his blood. He didn’t understand it, but it was the first time he’d felt guilty about anything so he assumed that had a great deal to do with it. Sherlock met her gaze finally.
And with that the man trapped in a woman's body departed, finding traversing the quaint village much easier now that he was actually dressed and people weren't staring at him, though the attire was foreign to him in every way. He made his way back through the forest, finding it a bit harder to find the mysterious holly tree now that there were leaves on all of the other trees. There were plenty of hills and he wasn't sure which one had perched the tree that he had leaned on and he hadn't paid attention to what the leaves looked like. Not that he could've predicted his situation, but he was now mentally kicking himself for not paying better attention to his surroundings.
“Yeah, they all seem to be under the impression that you’re marrying some other woman,” Jane muttered with a small chuckle but Sherlock looked more embarrassed to have his mistakes pointed out to him than anything else. This only served to nourish her need to reassure him. “It’s fine, Sherlock. I’d be more concerned with how bitter Ms. Adler’s going to be.”
"Oh, Jane... I'm sure that's not true. Why would God have made such a handsome couple come together if they couldn't fill this empty house with lots and lots of very beautiful children?" Jane just gave a forced smile.
"You're quite welcome, now, if I could ask something that's been weighing on my mind?" Sherlock asked gently. Jane's brow furrowed. She hadn't expected that. Slowly she nodded. "You've been limping. Are you alright?"
The wedding was simple, as was the norm for the time. It took place after the morning session of church and it was in attendance by all of the regular church goers, and consequently, all of Jane's friends. Mary was wearing an all-knowing smirk for most of the ceremony, sitting next to Molly and occasionally squeezing the brunette's hand to support her. Molly was crying. In the six months that she had come to know Jane, Jane had not only become her friend but the sister she never had.
"Oh yeah?" Jane hummed softly. "Well, what were you going to ask me?" she wondered aloud, looking at him for the answer.
"You've helped us find a better way to make Molly endure her pregnancy. That's invaluable to me. If she's happy, so am I." Greg murmured, carefully pouring the coins into Jane's hands and making sure she had a careful grip on them.
"You need to get your head checked..."
"It's sure to be soon. I doubt your future husband could stand to be away from you long." Molly teased, a smirk playing on her lips.
"I know for a fact that's not true and I have the pictures of baby John and Harry taking a bubble bath together to prove it." Harry retorted, eliciting another sigh from him. "Though, if you were a little girl, I think it's safe to say you've moved on to your angst-riddled teenage years. Come on, John, what's going on with you?"
"So? What? You like calling me by my original name?" she asked skeptically. "Last night you were telling me that men don't marry one another in this time and now you're getting off on calling me John?"
"I'm not violent. I was merely teaching you to not judge a book by its cover." she corrected with a secretive smile. "And you wouldn't believe me even if I told you."
"Jim." Jane repeated, suddenly feeling the strong urge to either find a window to hurl herself out of or simply to just hurl. "Is that all?"
"I love you too, Sherlock, more than I'll ever be able to properly express."
She knew she couldn't just hunt him down and demand answers, and it was incredibly possible that was their last night together and this morning had been an abrupt end to their past relationship. She felt numb, trying not to imagine the worst of this all, but not really being left with any other options. She foolishly spent the entirety of the day sitting on the sofa in the drawing room and staring out the window in hopes that she'd spot the man returning to her.
Jane had meant to reply but it had been to late. There was no sign of Sherlock anywhere and the golden blue light that had surrounded her before did no longer, instead it was a gray day with clouds overhead. She looked down to find that her dress no longer fit her.
"Yes, Harry?"
"Of course, darling, come in. What is causing you distress?" his mother replied, smiling brightly as he entered the room. "You haven't been home in over a week, when I heard that you were at Reichenbach Manor with a twisted ankle, it took your father to convince me not to send a carriage to fetch you."
"Traumatic?" he asked, eyebrows arching in curiosity. Amanda brought her hand to her chin as she thought a moment about how best to explain this concept to a seven year old. John was a little young to know about these things... but then again, Sherlock was unfortunately terribly young to experience them.
“I very sincerely doubt that,” he replied with a glare.
“An orphan? I'm very sorry to hear of the tragedies that have befallen you.” Molly said sincerely. “I know that you have no money for a carriage to London. And should you have nowhere to stay, you may stay with me in my room, if you like. My bed is big enough for the two of us. I'd feel terrible letting you go and wander about.”
"Were it that I could tell you, I would Molly... But I don't know how to even begin to explain it." Jane admitted, frowning. Lestrade slowly approached, gently resting his hand on Molly's arm.
"Please, Jane, it's not like I'm going to hunch my shoulders and demand your firstborn child." Moriarty chuckled, shaking his head. "Can't it just be a gift?"
She shimmied her shoulders a bit for show, shifting on her stool and with a dramatic flourish of her arm, drew three cards at random from the deck.
Sherlock seemed to melt with that statement, tears actually falling down his cheeks as he wrapped his arms around Jane's waist and held her close to him.
The bed was indeed as comfortable as it looked, a far cry from the spring mattresses he’d been sleeping on for the last year, and something a bit more like the army cots he’d been so used to once. It appeared that Molly was having just as difficult a time falling asleep as he was, though that might of been from distrust. John knew that if he couldn’t get whatever time-traveling magic he’d stumbled into to work again in the morning, he’d need Molly as a friend to survive, which meant that he had to put a stop to the distrust between them.
"Mr. Moriarty, This is Ms. Jane Watson. She's looking for employment and I thought I would see if you could use a new maid. I'm told she's skilled in cleaning. I believe she would be an excellent addition to the staff."
"Much better." Lestrade said approvingly.
All chatter in the room stopped completely when they spotted the glamorous, yet revealing red dress, but the moment her face was revealed, the room grew completely silent save a few surprised gasps before the room flooded with murmurs.
"After what happened the last time I was in your house you think I'll trust you?"
"Sherlock..." Jane was touched by his sentiment, he was now kneeling among the leaves, pressing little kisses of pure adoration to her fingers.
"Holmes!"
"You as well, Dr. Watson."
"I've taken them off of you plenty of times." Sherlock whispered in her ear playfully, causing her to blush. "I'd have to be a fool to not have some understanding of the complexity of your clothes by now."
"Thank you, Mr. Lestrade." Jane gave a nod before gazing at his wife once more. "What have I missed?"
He looked up at the sky. Despite the thick, low clouds that surrounded him on all fronts, he could see the light of the moon. It wasn't as bright as usual but instead had a vaguely blue hue to it. He supposed it could just be from the distortion the fog brought, but a part of him that he had thought died on the battlefield, the more adventurous part of him, desperately wanted to believe it was a blue moon. The more solemn side of him that he had become intimately acquainted with in the last year couldn't help but agree that a blue moon would be pretty amazing. After all, the chance to shoot yourself during a blue moon only happens, well, once in a blue moon.
"Yeah. I think it is." Jane mused, pulling him against her lips again. He kissed back fervently, fingers setting on the quest to unlace her bodice. Despite the fact that her stay was getting looser, it felt like it was getting harder and harder for her to breathe. She found herself giving in to the sensations Holmes was pouring over her generously. She'd been with men before in uni as John Watson, but it had never felt like this. She wasn't sure what this was, but she'd never felt anything like it with anyone.
"Our last doctor insisted that Molly lay in bed until gives birth," he explained and Jane raised an eyebrow to prompt further details from him. "After a fortnight, she threw a chair at him and he has since declined to offer his services to us."
Once he had her completely undressed, he simply looked at her with awe subtly shimmering in his eyes. Sherlock shook himself out of his trance and started removing the rest of his clothes, laying by her side and kissing her tenderly. Tentatively, his fingers found their way between her legs and he very gently pressed one inside her. Jane's breath hitched as she got used to the unfamiliar sensation, it wasn't unpleasant, not at all, just... new, like the rest of this aspect of their relationship.
"What?! Seriously?" Jane's eyes went wide with surprise. She had resigned herself to getting married for survival but she hadn't expected it would be so soon. "Come inside, I need to get dressed, I guess."
"The feeling is mutual." Sherlock replied with a smirk. Jane scrunched up her nose and playfully punched his arm.
"Wha- Ours is not an arranged marriage, a marriage with an arrangement, yes, but our parents most certainly did not plan this out for us." Sherlock defended, softening after a moment. "I suppose my concern for you arises from you dancing with Moriarty. You seemed... shocked by something."
"Well... lets just say that he'll think twice before forcing himself on a girl again. My knee may have collided rather forcefully with the juncture between his legs."
"I assume you know the parameters of the duel?"
"I'm sorry?" Harry's brows furrowed.
"I'll have to remember to say things like this to you more often. You're so... what I can only describe as 'wet' down there."
“If you still don’t want to be with me, that’s fine, I understand, the truth is a lot to take in, and if it made you uncomfortable… well, I’m sorry for that… I felt like you deserved to know all of it.” Jane confessed, starting to reach for the door handle. “I’ll return you to your solitude.”
"What does cool mean in this instance?" His definition of cool was mostly in regards to temperature, she realized.
"Not really, no..."
"Jane... Erm... Um..." Jane couldn't help but chuckle at his awkward antics.
A small rumble of amusement left him as he gently guided her hair out of the way to plant loving kisses over her shoulders. It caused a pleasant shiver to run up her spine.
"It's rather sad... but she seems to like me, which is all that I could want from becoming her mother."
"It is. I like your determination." Jim flashed a smile. "Ms. Morstan will put you to work and I'll make sure that the rest of the staff can give you some more work tomorrow."
In the morning, she had been on the way to the dining room for breakfast when she heard a knock on the door. Being the closest to the door she decided to answer it herself. On the other side she found Mr. Lestrade who looked surprised to see her despite he taking up residence there three months ago.
"...Tomorrow..." Sherlock hesitated, not sure how Jane would take his hasty decision.
"I'll try to keep that in mind, but my friend, Ms. Hooper, says that I would look best in a light blue." Jane retorted curtly, holding her ground as he stepped closer.
All the air was suddenly pressed out of John as the strings of the fabric contraption were pulled taut. His hands went to his chest, trying to relax as Ms. Hooper continued to tighten the garment until she seemed satisfied with the appearance of the lady who had invaded her stables in nothing but what she perceived as a nightdress.
"Oh, Mycroft, you always have been a laugh." She mused amongst her giggles. "Mama had to grab you by the ear and threaten your inheritance. You didn't show any interest until I mentioned Jane. Speaking of which, it's a pleasure to meet you."
"Well..." John began, trying his best to think of what skills he did actually possess. Of course there was his medical work but he very much doubted that his skills as a doctor would be accepted due to his body and the time period. Though, being part of the military had proven to be rather useful. "I can clean."
The amount of sheer will it took to keep from laughing at the unusual story was just within Jane's threshold of control and after schooling her features into a proper and polite expression, she turned to look at Molly.
"Is this a mutually beneficial situation?" Jane asked, looking at him. Sherlock stared at her in disbelief.
"It's... I don't know how to describe it..." She gestured to the tree decorated in baubles in a corner near the fireplace with her head.
"I don't understand how a day can be simultaneously the worst and best day of your life."
"I'm going to examine your ankle. You know, to make sure it's not broken?"
When he woke up, everything looked younger and John sprung to his feet in eager excitement, looking around. There was no sign of Sherlock but he was hopeful anyway.
He carefully started lacing her bodice, tying it when he was finished and going to their wardrobe to pick out a dress for her.
"Jane! Oh, my goodness!" She rushed over to her side. Jane looked up at Mary and brought her closer.
"If I had been more aware of the world around me, the incident could've been avoided altogether. You wouldn't have gotten injured."
"Alright. Alright. I will." She agreed with a giddy giggle, kissing his forehead. "Don't you have things to do today?"
"For you, whatever you deem fitting as payment," Jane replied. Lestrade emptied out half of the purse's contents into his hand and offered them to her. Jane blinked in disbelief at the coins and then at him.
"Well, I'm sure as hell not marrying Moriarty." Jane assured, gently rubbing Sherlock's shoulder, far from the wound. "We'll talk about it more after we put you back together."
"And... I accepted..."
"I'm being serious." Molly stated firmly from the other side of the curtain as she handed the seamstress gold for the dress.
"Ah... Must be on a job..." The urge to find out what that meant welled up inside her but she shoved it back down.
"The pleasure is all mine, Princess Sherlock." he said through his teeth, bowing. He looked at his mother, hoping that would satisfy her, but as her eyebrow arched in expectation, he got his answer. With an annoyed sigh he turned back to Sherlock, took her hand in his own and brought it too his lips. He dropped it as quickly as he could and turned to his mother with a pleading look in his eyes.
A man with salt and pepper hair was standing between the two of them and Jane took a moment to take in her surroundings. Every member of staff was watching the two men eagerly but they turned their attention to the man between them as he explained the rules.
In fact, this was not the case. Anybody who had an eligible young woman within eighteen miles of Baskerville had begged the Holmes for an invitation to this particular evening months in advance. It was one of the burdens that came with having a sizable fortune coupled with a handsome son with good manners. At seventeen, Sherlock had already managed to push away most of society, leaving Mycroft in the spotlight. Hamish was very different in that regard. The young man was a beacon for friendship among his peers and respect among those older than him. He was just as adventurous and mischievous as his father before him, but he was also polite when the need arose and he could coerce himself out of almost any situation.
"Jane..." he groaned, head tipping back against the pillows. "Don't be a tease."
