Both men turned to the side, and standing with them inside the hub of the cave was none other than Chamuel herself. Her demeanor was serious, so basically, nothing about her was different.
Both Sam and Dean nodded, and at that, she went to unlock the door for her sister.
"I wish I were brother, but she, just like so many of others, died after being forced out of heaven."
Dean smiled back before shifting his gaze to the sofa. Would Cas expect him to sleep in the same bed as him? Did he and the other Dean typically do that?
Castiel scoffed and rolled his eyes in response.
"I think it's your turn to read the next card." Dean responded clearly not up to debating the topic.
After learned about Castiel's imminent return, Sam did the math and marked his calendar for the exact day of Castiel's return.
"Yeah... pretty much!" Dean explained.
"So you, Donna, and Garth just happened to all drop by at the same exact fucking time?" Dean asked, did they really think he was that oblivious. He knew an intervention when he saw one.
"Shhh...You'll see!" He answered, still pulling the fallen angel along behind him.
"So....what like from 7 to noon I am forced to be honest or something?"
"  He emphasized.
On the other hand, Castiel was upset because he didn't feel like he was any closer to solving his situation with Dean. Maybe Dean had been right all along. Maybe this entire program was just a way to waste their time and energy.
"What the hell?" Dean said in shock.
"Boys-" Chamuel interjected. "As much as I love seeing you bicker back and forth, I think we need to move this process along."
"Please..." Dean uttered, still staring at the floor.
"So you paired the two together because they had similar job titles... That's fucked up, man."
"And who the hell is Jack? In fact, this is getting more confusing by the second, so why don't we all just go around the room and introduce ourselves?  You start, pretty boy!" Deanna stated, pointing to Cas.
"No, Dean," Castiel sighed in annoyment, "... I mean, he wanted to perform acts of intimate human relations- with me."
"Well...Let's just say I got a sneak peek at how intense it feels to be with you one on one, and I want to know what the real thing would be like."
"Thanks, Dean... That umm... That means a lot."
Castiel shuffled his left foot across the stony ground. "I mean... of course I want you. I want you to be safe, I want you to be happy, and I want-"
Dean sat up, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. He was still a bit groggy, so it took him a minute to remember why exactly Castiel was acting less Cas-like than normal. He froze the moment he recalled exactly what he had told Castiel the previous day. Suddenly there was a dark empty pit feeling in his stomach.
"I'm a talker. It's what I do, plus you kind of owe me since you practically denied to sleep with me, and I don't get rejected often."
Nonetheless, the farthest depth of Dean's mind (the voice) considered another option.
"Believe me or not... I don't care! But I am telling you the truth."
"Hey, Dea..." The new woman said, " I watched that movie you continually reference. The one entitled Die Hard, and I had a few questions about it. I heard you and Sami talking, so I thought since you were both up that now would be a good time to ask you about it!" She stated, still starring down at the DVD case.
Dean scoffed internally. He didn't care who Rudy claimed to be or what the voices in his head told him to do. He was going to do this his way like he always did.
"You're the smartest hunter I know, Dean, anything supernatural related you can figure it out with hardly any effort at all… so how the fuck did you not connect those dots."
Dean scoffed. "Well, my brother and I went against YOUR father, and so did Cas and Rowena and Jack... But we are still kicking it. So stop giving excuses for your actions and tell us what we need to do to get out of this room. I can't stand the sight of your fugly face for any longer than I have to."
With Castiel's intensely blue eyes no longer staring a hole through him, Dean felt confident enough to speak up. "So what the hell, man?" He asked, folding his arms tight to his chest.
"I can't... correction, I don't want Dean to change. And I can't change the past, right?" Sam said, sounding a bit more optimistic.
In fact, his calendar check got so obsessive that Dean ended up removing the calendar/date from his iPhone.
"But you said that Sam got married to Jess, so how is it that he..."
Dean walked through his door in room number five and looked around to find himself in what seemed to be a hotel lobby. The door he came through shut behind him, and when he turned around to look at it, he saw that the door was labeled "maintenance."
"Dean I..." Castiel started to say, but Dean quickly cut him off, still talking to Chamuel.
"I saw the announcement on Sam's Facebook about the wedding. To be honest, I was a little hurt that I wasn't invited. But I thought I should come on by anyway because we have a few things to discuss... alone."
Cas could feel his heart slowly tearing apart at the thought of never seeing Dean again. But it held together enough at the thought that his actions would keep the Winchester brothers safe. Well safer, at least...
"Gabriel... how are you... alive?" Castiel asked.
Dean gave a loud sigh and turned back to the table. "So, O'Malley, what do we have to do exactly to pass this level or leave this room?"
"I am!" O'Malley chuckled. "But in all seriousness, Deany, can I call you Deany?"
Sam thought to himself.
"Yes, let's."
Castiel glared at Dean in response.
Castiel, on the other hand, wasn't so eager for the game to end. The moment it ended, Dean would be set free, and he would be stuck in this cave of wonders for the rest of his existence unless Chamuel could somehow find an alternate solution to the deal he made with the empty.
"Sneak peek? So what, you were... intimate with the other me... is that it?"
As soon as both Castiel and Dean crossed the threshold of the room, the door slammed shut behind them, leaving them in complete darkness.
"We all had to make sacrifices that day. Rowena died that day."
"And how would I know that? You didn't exactly spell it out or anything when we arrived here." The redness in Castiel's cheeks was now imminent, and Chamuel noticed his growing rage.
Castiel had to choose. He could either become human and stay with the Winchesters, or he could join Chamuel's program and remain an angel. Neither option sounded great. It reminded Castiel of a saying he had often heard humans use:
"Perfect" Dean said as he eagerly took his pill while Cas stared at his own skeptically.
Both men knew that their brief conversation had drawn to a close. So they drifted off to sleep, terrified of what chaos tomorrow would spew onto them.
"I ... I am not entirely sure."  Castiel turned his gaze downwards, which Dean knew was typical Cas behavior for when he is lying and/or hiding something. Dean was just about to confront Cas on it when a female voice suddenly echoed throughout the room.
"And... You wanted to give this to me alone because...?" Dean gave her a dumbfounded look, like was this seriously it.
All these thoughts and ideas began to overtake Dean, so much so that he had to take a step back.  It was an involuntary action, but the movement put some space between Dean and Castiel nonetheless. Cas fell forward a bit with his eyes still closed, trying to follow Dean's lips. But when he opened his eyes, he saw that Dean had stepped away from him.
Suddenly it all clicked in Dean's head. The text's, the flower's, the ring...
"Also, the silent treatment isn't going to work well for you either. If you remember correctly, this game requires verbal communication to proceed forward with it. Plus, I designed this formula extra strong just for you. And if you bite your tongue or hold back any bit of the truth, you will experience an awful taste in your mouth, kind of like soap but not as pleasant. If this taste remains in your mouth too long because you are too thick-headed to admit the full truth, you will get awful pains in your stomach. So... Deany boy... for your sake, just say how you really feel. It will save you a lot of pain and save our janitor a lot of trouble. Do you got that?"
"What the hell do you mean by that?" Castiel asked, his face red with anger.
"Here, sit down." Cas said as he grabbed the chair holding the door open and brought it over to Dean. Kneeling next to the chair to rub calming circles on Dean's back.
It wasn't like Cas could just come clean and tell them that he was actually the angel Castiel from an alternate universe and not, in fact, the actor who played Castiel named Misha Collins. Plus, even if he did tell them the truth, they probably wouldn't believe him.
Still, Castiel's wings quickly sank back down towards the floor once he started explaining himself again. "Chamuel gave me two options to ensure my safety... I could either stay here and keep my remaining grace, or she could strip me of my grace, and I could live out the rest of my life on earth as a human." He answered.
"So what? Did you return to guilt trip Castiel into hooking up with another angel or some shit? Not a chance, pal! You will have to go through me first!"
"Their what now?" Dean asked, bewildered at the response.
Dean let Castiel's eyes rake over his body; he knew he looked good and usually would try to bask in this sort of praise. However, this was Castiel, looking him over. Tonight wasn't just a random one-night stand; it was so much more. Dean suddenly felt highly self-conscious. The moment Cas' eyes finally met his own, Dean couldn't help but shy away.
"Now kick it to the other side of the room." She told him.
"So then it doesn't change anything whether you knew it or not." Chamuel replied simply. "But considering you didn't talk to Dean, I am very intrigued to know what choice you came to on your own."
Castiel ignored Dean's extra question and went straight to answering his assigned one.
"That's what we are trying to figure out." Deanna explained.
Dean began to read out the card, "
Cas nodded. "After I had noticed that Jack was acting odd like I said earlier, I have been keeping closer tabs on him!"
"Yes, I apologize!" Cas said, closing his eyes again to change the scene.
"JACK!" Kevin yelled. "Where are you, you little demon? I know baths aren't exactly your forte, but I promised your Dads that I would have you squeaky clean before sundown, and if you take a look outside, the sun is, in fact, going down, so we need to hop to it, mister!" Kevin said frantically, looking in all the areas that a small child could hide in.
of their abilities for the first few rounds. They both wanted to make it look like they were in it to win it, but both were plotting their own defeat in reality.
"And there's more!" Dean said proudly, closing his eyes again thus transporting them to the kitchen at the back of the bar.
Dean shut up his rambling with a chaste kiss before separating their lips once more. "I'm in love with you, Castiel. In fact, I love you so damn much that it physically hurts."
Sure, the hunting helped distract him enough to keep him occupied, but he still found himself constantly checking the date on his cellphone.
Photo Credits
A bunch of men spoke before it was eventually Jared's (aka fake Sam's) turn.
"Awesome, now that we got that solved, let's -" Dean began to lean in again, but Castiel still held him at arm's length. "Oh, come on!" He exclaimed.
"Well, you aren't wrong, Cas. I do dominate in many areas." he smirked in response.
"Why Dimitri?" Cas stuttered, still extremely confused.
"Oh, my Chuck!" Dean mumbled, bringing his hand up to hold the bridge of his nose.
"It means you have to decide one of two options."
Dean looked at the ground again and didn't answer.
Dean reached up to Castiel's shirt and began slowly unbuttoning it. "This - us - That's what I want."
can sure as hell talk to us
"Uhuh, sure. You know stress has been the only thing to come out of this entire experience so far."
Sam barely looked up from the book he was currently reading to acknowledge her presence.
Before he could even consider the possibilities, Castiel's hand went underneath Dean's shirt and slowly mapped out every single part of his torso. When Cas' hand got to Dean's nipple, he gently pinched and circled his finger's around the top. Dean couldn't resist moaning at the sensation it brought him.
"Okay, fair enough!" Dean admitted.
Dean raised an eyebrow, not believing that Sammy had no ulterior motive behind helping him out.
Castiel looked at him, still just as confused as he was when this conversation started.
Dean was asleep at the center table in the war room, his head laying on his crisis-crossed arms, which were currently positioned at the table's edge. Next to him on the tabled laid a bouquet of wilted yellow flowers.
This was a game of some sort, and he had to play along. That's what Chamuel was all about, right? Playing games and somehow solving other people's problems.
The day Dean voluntarily reached out to Sam was when Dean voluntarily decided to knock at his bedroom door.
"I am about five seconds from stuffing a sock in your mouth, pal!" Deanna threatened.
"Hello, boys! I'm so proud of you both (AN: As well as anyone reading this) for making it this far. You are halfway done with the program, and look how far you two have come!" Chamuel's voice echoed throughout the room.
"I don't think he was masturbating, Dean, if that's what you are attempting to hint at." Cas responds.
Dean woke up to see that Castiel was sitting on the edge of the bed, staring at the wall away from him. This was odd because typically, when Dean woke up, Cas would be staring directly at him. Which, of course, was somewhat creepy, but maybe it was just an angel thing. It felt strange, though, that Castiel was instead staring off into space. Maybe even more strange than watching Dean while he slept. Dean would add that to what was now becoming quite a long list of things to think about later.
" Well, is there any way to, you know... fix it?"
Now he wouldn't be focusing on it 24/7.
"Yeah yeah yeah, just read the next card!"
Whatever was going on, he obviously didn't want to talk out it, but Theo, on the other hand, seemed more than willing to explain their relationship.
"So, how long have you been up?" Dean asked as he made his way out of bed.
"Well, if you read Genesis, you would know that Chuck created the earth in less than seven days, so time was kind of of the essence."
Castiel got off, still rolling Dean's magic suitcase.
And with that, Chamuel presence or voice, or whatever it was, was once again gone.
Dean quickly pulled his gun back out while the girl swiftly put down the beer and grabbed one of the large butcher knives from the holder.
, he thought to himself.
"Y-you're what?" Dean asked, still stumbling to keep shifting his fist up and down their erections at a decent rhythm.
Castiel tilted his head, obviously not unconvinced by Dean's response. But Dean quickly spoke up again before Cas got the chance to dissect his response. "So who did I marry? Was she smoking hot or what?" Dean wiggled his eyebrows, attempting to lighten the mood.
"Yes!" Castiel replied, his voice seeming empty of emotion. "It has been dwindling for quite some time now."
"Bees?" Dean asked.
Castiel's eyes were wide with shock as he silently shook his head.
Dean ignored Castiels question and instead asked him one. "Do you remember how at the beginning of all this, I asked you to keep what happens here between us?"
"You will." Castiel reassured him.
"Dean, it's nice to see you again." Chamuel said to the hunter, sipping tea at the wooden table in what appeared to be the library section of his bunker.
"No, I would rather we did not."
Dean scooted himself farther back onto the bed so that he was leaning back, only propped up by his elbows. At the same time, he moved to the center of the bed; he slid off his pants. Meaning both Dean and Cas were now only wearing their boxers.
After only a few steps, Dean had managed to run into several walls, cursing under his breath after he hit each one. After the impact of the fourth wall that he stumbled into, he finally realized that maybe he should continue his sightless journey by using the wall as a crutch. So he did just that. Dean slowly continued forward, with one of his hand following the wall and his other one extended out to feel for any oncoming obstacles.
Castiel was getting married to some lucky bastard this weekend. But who was it?
"Yes." Castiel said shortly.
"Oh.... yeah, that ceremony. It must've slipped my mind." Dean said, pretending to hit his forehead, trying to play off his slip-up as some sort of joke.
Castiel huffed out in annoyance. "Our bond was symbolized by the handprint mark. Just because the physical remembrance of it went away doesn't mean that the bond isn't still there, Dean. If you don't remember, I raised you out of hell, I rebuilt you, and I fell from heaven for you. So forgive me for being a bit possessive over someone I've spent so much time and effort on." he said, saying the last sentence with as much of a sarcastic tone that he could manage in his current frustrated state.
"I quite enjoy bees." Cas bluntly stated like it was the most normal thing in the world.
"Castiel and I met one another many, many years ago. It was my God-given right to pair angels who hadn't yet mated or found a suitable suitor." Theo stated.
_____________________________________________________________________________
"I know she did, and I wish it didn't have to play out like that, but it did. I can't change the past, Dean. But you were willing to sacrifice my life, and that didn't seem to cause you any distress at all."
"No!" Cas interjected. "Well - yes, you are technically correct in that soon after that, the apocalypse did start, but that that does not contribute to why I favor this memory..." Castiel reached his hand behind his head to nervously rub the back of his neck.
"When the first apocalypse started, yeah, I know, I was there! But why the he-"
"Well, it seems like... You guys match one another." Cassie explained.
Deanna smiled. "...Congratulations Sherlock, you finally solved the case!"
Castiel nodded.
Castiel once again just rolled his eyes and continued walking. He never once let go of Deans' hand. But then again, Dean didn't seem to be struggling to get out of his grasp anymore.
"Yes, honey bees in particular, but I do find all bees interesting nonetheless. Honey bees just fascinate me with how they function as a unit within the hive and how they collect pollen to make honey. In fact, did you know that in a single worker bee will only produce one-twelfth of a teaspoon of honey in its entire lifespan or that despite its size, a bee can fly at speeds up to 15 miles per hour or that a-"
"So have you?" Castiel asked.
"So you came up with alternate backstories for all these people, I mean the ones who are actually dead in reality?" Cas asked.
"I'm not here for you, Dean. I need to talk to Castiel... alone." Chamuel stated.
Naya disappeared, and an uncomfortable silence filled the space before Castiel walked out of the room without even acknowledging Dean's presence.
"Nah... He just hates showing any type of emotion other than his typical tough-guy act." Jared proclaimed. "He'll get over it."
The visual projection surrounding them slowly evaporated around Dean and Cas, revealing the center room of the cave for the final time.
"Ass"
"We should probably get going on this final round," Dean spoke up. He talked in a manner much calmer than he actually was. Internally, Dean was still mad at Castiel for just walking out on him in room five. BUT if either of them ever wanted to leave this cave, they both needed to get through this final round. Dean decided he could sulk later on when he was settled back into his room in the bunker. For now, he would place all emotions mentally on the backburner.
At first, Dean's eyes were wide with shock as Castiel's lips moved across his own, but he quickly melted into the kiss after he realized what was going on.
"Cas, you okay, man? Are you hurt?" Dean asked frantically, surveying Castiel for any flesh wounds.
"No, ugh, don't say that word, Jack!"
"Your appearance deceives you, Dean. You aren't just another pretty face. You're smarter than you look." Chamuel smirked.
The line was silent for a moment as Sam took a deep breath. He was still trying to process his own grief and the depth of the words he just said. Rowena seemed to understand Sam's pause and remained silent, waiting for him to continue.
"Well, don't worry, I can catch you up to speed - You, me, Jared, and all the other boys from the cast and crew have gathered together for the bachelor party of the century!" Fake Dean exclaimed.
"It's the 21st century Sammy, the type of chivalry your referencing has been dead for a long time now! It's all about equal rights and fair treatment. I thought you of all people would know that."
He knocked despite Jensen saying he would leave the door unlocked for him. Cas then heard the sound of feet walking towards the door before it clicked open.
Dean folded his arms again. "Okay... So he changed his fucking mind. It happens!" He glared.
It was one thing to
Castiel did his best to blend in and not reveal his secret, but he slipped up every so often when trying to converse with the other men. However, all his slip-ups were thought to be humorous and caused the other men to laugh and even slap him on the back every so often.
"Yes, they are practically identical to one another. Well, technically, Dea's and his are!" Cassie said, pointing to Dean. "And yours and the man tied to the chair are!" She answered.
He hadn't hunted much since the incident. Still, after the intervention, Dean realized he needed to start getting back into the family business. Saving people, hunting things, that's what he was born to do, and he would damn well do it until he stopped breathing.
"So... SO, if you had an umbrella and you brought it inside... you would never open it for the sake of your I.Q. level?" Dean laughed throughout the entirety of his response.
The sound of Chamuel wings filled the room, and she was gone.
There, easy as pie, I gave my honest answer to his simple question. Dean smirked to himself.  I just have to answer the question for what it is, nothing more nothing less. No reading into it. I got this! I got this! As long as Castiel doesn't dive into this any further, I will be fine.
"Yeah, but seriously dude, it took you LESS THAN a day to create all this?"
"He thought I would need help running this place which is probably true, and since he and Jess and their two kids live about an hour south of here, Sam decided to take matters into his own hands by signing you up for the job without even consulting you." Dean smirked like he was proud of his brother somehow for being so sneaky in his imaginary setting.
"I prefer to say that I jump into action quickly but, alright, whatever to each their own." Dean interjected.
Dean couldn't help but laugh at that, causing Cas to smile down at him and pick up his pace.
love to know." Dean gave extra emphasis to the word 'honestly' and grinned as he watched Castiels reaction.
"Who was the subject?" Castiel asked, perking up a bit out of curiosity.
Castiel just stood there, still in Dean's grasp. He stared into Dean's eyes, searching them like he would find an answer somewhere in there, but sadly it wasn't that simple.
As soon as Dean was teleported back into the bunker, the first thing he did was storm into the kitchen to look for the hardest liquor they had in stock. Thankfully the expensive whisky he kept hidden was still exactly where he left it last.
"Come on, man, it's a classic." Projection Dean explained.
"I'm going to help you get there, Dean." Cas whispered with his low lust-filled voice into the hunter's ear.
Dean made it down the hallway at record speed, with Deanna only a few strides behind him. He quickly pushed open Sammy's bedroom door and slammed it shut before she could get a jump on him. Then Dean leaned his back against the wooden surface, making sure to lock it in place.
"And now?" Castiel asked, tilting his head a bit.
"Well, it definitely lives up to its name. I'll give it that! But why did you show me this, Cas?"
Sitting at the map table and sipping steaming hot cups of coffee was none other than Jodi and Donna.
"I didn't know how you would react, and based on what happened after our thirty-second or less kiss, I was right in not explaining what I was doing..."
Even though Dean couldn't see the angel, he sent a glare in his general direction. "Uhuh ...Yeah Cas, I figured that much, but hey, thank you so so so much for your help." Dean replied sarcastically.
After Dean found a T-shirt and a pair of clean boxers in one of the dresser drawers, he got dressed, turned out the lights, and got into bed. It was by far the comfiest bed Dean had ever slept in. Maybe it was temperpedic or some shit. Regardless, he didn't care. He was happy that the day was done and over with, so he refused to focus on what negative events tomorrow could bring.
"Why does this sound like the start of a really fucked up AA meeting?" Dean retaliated.
"Dean, your results are a bit more complex or a bit more human, if you will. So be prepared because I am about to spew a lot of information on you at once. Sound good?" said Rachel.
Nonetheless, Dean practically jumped across the small room and kneeled in front of Castiel.
"Nope!" Dean cut him off, shaking his head back and forth.
Castiel ignored the opportunity to retort Dean's witty remark. "I think it's trying to ease us into the game. You can't start off with something profound you need to build up to it," he said.
"Dean…" Cas started to say in Jack's defense, but Dean quickly stopped him.
"Good, then let's go get round four over with." Dean rolled his eyes.
Dean lowered the gun a bit. "Wait... hold the phone … did you say, Winchester?" He asked.
Dean stopped chewing the bacon still on his tongue and stared at Sammy with widening eyes. "... W- What?" He stuttered.
It was Dean's turn to ask Castiel whatever the next card had written on it. So without hesitation, he picked up the card at the top of the deck.
A shuffling sound continued as Dean, and Castiel suddenly froze in their spot. If they could see through the dark, the two would have been looking directly at one another to try and examine what the other was currently thinking. However, with the darkness still surrounding them, they both had to settle for staring directly towards the noise coming from the seemingly endless black abyss.
"Yes, we fought together a very long time ago..." Cas replied.
"I thought you were... Precautious." Castiel replied.
"I have no fucking clue... but wait, Twister? Seriously? You need to let that game go, man."
"I see..." Castiel mumbled.
"This doesn't answer my question." Cas said impatiently.
Finally, Dean spoke up. "How did you sleep, buddy?"
Castiel's tone was far too compliant sounding for Dean's liking. But he was glad that the angel seemed to understand what was going on because he sure as hell did not.
"No, no, it's just that I told Dean something similar last night to get him to stop questioning about what happened here yesterday."
However, getting up was not an easy task. His entire body ached, and since he couldn't see himself or remember anything that had happened to him, the hunter had no idea what type of injuries he had acquired.  Worst of all though, he had no idea what exactly he was up against.
"You already had a say Castiel. You made your decision. You decided not to discuss the matter with Dean beforehand. Based on my code of conduct, I have to hold you to your original choice. I could hold you to that decision for eternity, but I won't do that. So, in three months, I will ask you the same question again. If you give me a different answer, I will respect your change of mind. If you don't, then you will be a welcomed addition to our team."
Dean froze with his mouth wide open. Of course, he knew what 7 minutes in heaven was. He had played the game hundreds of times in high school. He just never thought the game would be part of a life or death situation before.
"How so?" She asked, obviously still confused about the dangers inside each option.
"Well, why don't we just go ask the kid!" Dean exclaimed as he stepped forward and reached out to push the door open. "JACK!" Dean yelled as he made his way into the dark room, followed by the other five.
"Well, I guess that's as good of transition as any Mish." Jared laughed.
"I never said it was a bad thing, Cas." Dean interjected.
"Wait, transition to what?" Cas asked.
The two men glanced at each other before making their way to separate cubicles. At that point, Rachel walked around the cubicles to the middle of the cave in front of the cubicles to be heard clearly by both men. Since she was standing and they were sitting, she stood above the cubicles and would be able to address both Dean and Cas directly.
The voice responded back.
"Don't you think you are being a bit overdramatic?" Sam asked, a small smirk forming on his face.
to tell the truth during this final round,
"Well, no one ever said parenting would be an easy task!" Projection Castiel joked, causing that Dean to break into a small grin.
And just like that, she snapped her fingers, and the two angels disappeared from the room.
"I... I don't understand." Castiel said.
On the one hand, if Cas choose to remain an angel, he would be stuck in this cave. But wouldn't the empty inevitably be able to find some way in? So picking that would still end in his downfall, wouldn't it? Maybe Chamuel had a backup plan to keep the Empty out, but how could he be sure of that?
"The Enochian on the doors... they are numbers." Castiel began pointing to each door and stating the number on each "One... Two... Three... Four... Five..."
"You said 'with me' you didn't need to add those two words to your sentence, but you still did, so there is hidden meaning to that."
"The urge to punch your dumb face is getting stronger by the second!.. But I could really use your help, so I'll take a rain check for now at least."
The more Dean thought about it, the more it would make sense for Castiel to be scared of the dark. If he lived practically his whole extremely long life with night vision, then being completely encased by the darkness for the first time would be a pretty terrifying concept to grasp.
"Yes..." Castiel answered. "I actually quite enjoy Mr. Green's writing style, but that's not of import right now. My point is that while I was in my room reading, the bright flash obstructed my vision for a brief second. Once my eyes had re-adjusted, I went to check and make sure that Jack was ok."
"Well, at least you probably never get bored around here!" Sam said optimistically.
Cas stared in awe at the hunter's now exposed chest. His pupils began widening in want as if that would allow him to see better. Castiel, of course, had seen Dean shirtless before, but this was different. This time it was intimate. He was so enthralled at the sight that he didn't even realize Dean had been walking towards him until Dean was standing directly in front of him.
Castiel let out a long sigh like he was about to admit something that had been on his chest for a long while. "My dream soulmate has green eyes, a well-defined jawline, light brown hair, and is taller than me."
Castiel frowned in confusion." My name isn't Sherlock. It's Castiel... I thought we had already got past the point of introductions?"
Castiel nodded his head in understanding.
"Did you happen to talk to Sam and Jess to see when they planned to arrive here? I know they were planning on flying, but with Sam's new job promotion and them having a four-month-old to bring along with them, they haven't been able to respond to any of my texts recently."
"Yes." Castiel answered.
"What is this so-called
"Aw sweety, you should know better than anyone else that hardly anything is actually what it appears to be."
"In hell, your soul shined brighter than any other. I thought that its brightness would dissipate when we reached the surface, but even then, your soul continued to outshine all the rest around it." Castiel brightened up a bit just thinking about it.
Sam's eyes widened. He had no idea what could have happened that got Dean so upset.
"If it's about the flowers, I know they aren't really your style, but I couldn't exactly bring anything your style into the airport without getting arrested."
"Wow, nice to know where your priorities lie, Cas." Dean muttered, trying to make his statement sound more sarcastic than anything. However, some of his actual jealousy may have slipped into his tone.
"Don't worry about me, I mean it, Castiel! For once, focus on you for a change! I'm sure we will cross paths again somewhere along the line."
"You're welcome?... Wait...why are you thanking me?" Dean questioned.
"I'm as ready as I'll ever be." Dean grinned back, and Castiel made his way over to their two seats in the middle of the long dining room table.
Dean let out an exasperated sigh, "No... but let's just get this over with anyways."
"No, I'm... I'm alright." Castiel replied, his voice weak and somber.
By four a.m., the six adults had separated into 4 groups: Sam with Sami, Castiel with Deanna, and Dean and Cassie on their own.
"Well, three things come to mind, but I don't know which one I technically dislike the most out of the three."
Deanna snickered. "You were reading Paper Towns?"
"I came to the same conclusion." Castiel replied.
"You said the door had Enochian on it, right? What exactly does it say?"
"It only means that ethically I-"
"Maybe the cards are enchanted, and the question only appears after you completely answer the previous card." Castiel said.
"DON'T" Castiel exclaimed.
"She has to be a bit mysterious, dark hair, very pronounced features, I've got a thing for blue eyes. She would have a nice ass, and big breast wouldn't hurt either. Your turn." said Dean.
"I decided to stay here." Castiel admitted looking straight at her. He wanted to know if she expected the response or not.
There was something warm and comforting in that light, a presence that felt so familiar to him yet so distant. He didn't quite understand why though. At this point, Dean threw all previous caution into the wind. He had to know where the light source was coming from. He had to know whose voice he heard. The hunter broke into a sprint down the long cavern and turned down the corridor where the light source came from. After he turned, he entered into a long narrow stretch of the tunnel; it was barely wide enough for Dean to walk forward through without having to turn to the side a bit. He had broad shoulders; there was no point in denying it. One thing was clear though, at the dead-end of this narrow tunnel was the light source that Dean had been searching for.
"Alright, what is it?"
"See what I mean?" Sammy smirked. "It's cool, right? It's like facetime but much more realistic." Sam exclaimed with child-like joy.
"He's a two-year-old teenager Cas, he probably just needed some alone time, and I personally don't wanna know what the kid gets up to in his private time!" Dean said.
Whoever this girl was, Dean thought she was stunning. She had dark raven-colored hair that went below her shoulders and bangs that rested beautifully on her forehead, and she was wearing a short tan skirt with white tights on underneath and a long-sleeved white button-up shirt that was tucked into the skirt.
Eventually, Dean got impatient and shook Castiel a bit, tightening his grasp on his shoulders. "Cas buddy, what the hell happened to you? I was about to stage a mutiny or some shit to get you back here."
Dean started clearing his throat, and now he really didn't like where this conversation was heading. "Well, no. With her... the mark made me drawn to her, like in a weird romantic sort of way."
Castiel nodded. His wings were once again folded up neatly behind him, but they sagged a little now. He hated that Dean had to hold all this inside, it would be so much easier if they just talked this out, but Castiel knew Dean really hated those conversations. So he let the hunter continue his montage while keeping his lips shut.
"Jensen wasn't you, and I wasn't - I wasn't going to be intimate with someone... someone who wasn't the real thing..." Castiel muttered, looking down away from Dean's gaze again.
"We uh... we have to stop this, Jensen." Castiel stated.
"What were the choices?" Dean asked pessimistically.
Castiel closed his eyes and moaned into Dean's lips from the touch.
"I do... it's just that... well, based on your rewritten history behind this place, you and I would have never even met... I understand, though, after all the strife I put you and your brother through... I just thought that..."
"Dude, what type of drugs are you on? You don't live here! Last I checked, which was only an hour ago FYI, only 4 people were living in the bunker, and I am sure as fuck that you aren't one of them." The girl exclaimed.
"It's a nice kitchen, Dean, but what's so special about it."
Castiel sighed and ran a hand through his hair. "Gabriel had ended up taking what I had said literally. So when the day came for Chamuel to ask whether or not I had changed my mind about becoming human, Gabriel requested that he be the one to take me home. I guess Chamuel assumed that my brother wanted to be the last to say one to bid me farewell, regardless she gave him her permission. However, after my grace was entirely stripped away, Gabriel allowed me a minute to say goodbye to Chamuel and her team. Afterward, he teleported the two of us out of the cave but not back to the bunker-like he was supposed to. However, despite Grande Terre being stunningly beautiful this time of year, the only place I wanted to be was back here."
"Good, that confidence will be necessary during these next few rounds. By the way, this round requires you both to answer all four of the truth questions!" Chamuel replied.
Dean knew that Castiel becoming human again would be a hard transition, so he wanted to help make the transition as easy as possible. He had spent hours upon hours studying up on how to best help people process major changes.
"Not exactly..."
Dean shut his eyes tight and scrunched his face, preparing dramatically for the impact of when his body would hit the floor directly beneath him.
"Dean!" His brother exclaimed. Sam was excited to see that Dean was finally home. It may have only been a few days, but the bunker had been eerily quiet without him there.
"It is so much stronger than that, Dean. It's hard to explain. It's hard for me even to grasp the concept at times. But I know I would do everything and anything for this man... I mean, I already rebelled against heaven for him. There is nothing I wouldn't do to keep him safe."  Castiel blushed at his own hint.
"It's my soul twin, isn't it?"
When Dean didn't follow behind Castiel, he paused to see what was going on. The first thing Cas saw was the tears in Dean's eyes. Cas quickly put his hand on the elevator door to stop it from closing.
"Jensen! Misha! Hey, it took y'all long enough. Where did you go, Mish? I spent like 15 minutes looking around for you before I gave up." Fake Sam said.
"Screw you, lady, ... no matter what magic you use on me, I can and will forever be hungry." Dean exclaimed.
Dean smiled and blushed. "I think you know what I am getting at here, Castiel."
"Well, the funny thing about that is... I lied. I was hoping that, after this, we could head in the same direction, you know, back to the bunker. If you want?"
"And what the fuck is that suppose to mean?"
"The one and only Jensen Ackles, you're co-star and best friend, and also not to brag, but he is by far the hottest guy on set." Fake Dean stated.
"No one asked your opinion, bow legs!" She replied, now glaring at him.
Dean thought to himself. His thoughts were a whole lot quieter now that Gabriel wasn't tagging along inside his head, urging him forward.
Chamuel nodded. "Well, regardless, it's a risk I cannot take."
"Alright, the two main fears I have for the future is that I'll either lose you = and uh Sam of course as well, or that I will unintentionally let you both down... again."
Sam got up and walked directly in front of his frantic brother and grabbed onto both his shoulders. "Dean - breathe." Sam instructed. "Just talk to me for a second, okay? Now tell me -  how the fuck did you not know Cas should be coming back today?" He asked
"Well, why don't you just share your thoughts with the rest of the class?" Dean gestured to the rest of the room, even though there was obviously no one else in it.
Keeping busy was the only thing to keep him distracted, and Dean pushed himself to have that type of constant pain relief.
"What does that mean? What is a
"So what gives? You enjoyed us in your cave so much that you decided to keep us as pets or something? Because fair warning, I bite, and I'll pee over all the furniture in this hellhole."
"Look...I understand that this is probably a lot to take in Dean, just take a deep breath and try to calm down a bit for me." Chamuel replied.
"Oh, I was talking to the baby, but you look great too." Dean said with a smirk and a wink.
"Wait, what b..." Dean started to say as he looked next to him. There was suddenly a maroon suitcase sitting beside him which definitely hadn't been there a minute ago. "Oh... yeah, that bag."
Every time Cas tried to focus on skimming through a spellbook for a counterspell, Deanna seemed to have another idea of how they could be spending their time, and she wasn't afraid of saying so.
Theo looked a bit guilty for the first time during this entire conversation. "I couldn't go against my Father Dean."
With their hands still on top of one another, they pushed down on the door handle, and a light suddenly disrupted Dean's vision.
He didn't respond to her right away, and Chamuel seemed antsy to get on with whatever it is that she does while they run her little obstacle course.
"... You what? Then where the fuck have you been, man?"
Then the silence was broken by the sound of wings fluttering. Dean knew that the sound didn't come from Cas' wings, though, since he was still refusing to move as not to poke the bear. Cas was acting like Dean was a T-Rex who could only see movement.
It was Dean's turn now. The spinner spun on its own, thankfully, so no one had to maneuver to try and spin it. Magic does come in handy at times like these. When the arrow finally stopped, it landed on
"We were just in the neighborhood and decided to stop by and see how you boys were holding up." Jodi claimed, standing up to face Dean.
Eventually, both boys' eyes adjusted to the new flood of white light only to reveal the bland room in front of them. It was small and undecorated in comparison to the room they had just been seated in. Basically, it looked like a normal part of any dull, drab cave. The only item of interest inside was a long wooden table filled to the brim with beakers and chemicals of all shapes and sizes.
"Jensen... man, I don't know where to begin. You are a fantastic man, a wonderful co-worker, and even better at putting up with me practically every day for the past few years. You've seen me grow taller and my hair grow even longer." Everyone laughed. "You've been there for me through everything, the good and the bad. You watched me fall in love with my now amazing wife, Gen, and it has truly been an honor to see you fall in love with Daniele. You're not just my brother on-screen. You are my brother here and now and always. I wanted to put more jokes in this short speech, but Gen said my jokes were too inappropriate for such a momentous occasion. I would have argued, but as you will soon learn, Jensen, you have to pick your battles. Women are feisty little devils, or demons in my case." Everyone laughed again at that, but Castiel didn't get quite get the joke. "To Jensen and Daniele, may you live long and prosper. And yes, I did quite Spock, deal with it."
equals
"Yes!" Castiel exclaimed, looking down at him. "God, yes! Please, Dean!" He begged and practically yelled out.
Naya appeared out of thin air, "Congratulations, boys, you both passed the test!" She said
"Cas, I can't see anything. I am only slowing you down."
By now, Dean had nicknamed the voice as
"We're here for you, man!" Garth walked over to stand beside Dean and pat him on the back. "We may never know why Castiel made the choice that he did, Sam has tried to reach out to both Gabriel and Chamuel, and neither have the guts or gallbladder to respond to him. You may never get an answer as to why. But in due time, you will be right as rain Dean the Bean."
"Well, in your defense, a lot was going on at the time, and it was more of an internal revelation! Either way, should I continue on to the next memory?" Cas asked.
"You do?" Dean asked.
"If you ever call me that again, I'll gank your ass!" Dean glared.
"I couldn't let myself look, Sammy. The more time I waited, the longer each day got. And trust me, it wasn't easy to just stop waiting, but I had to. I could feel my sanity slipping. In retrospect, I guess I should have set the alarm on my phone, you know, give me like a 2-day notice or some shit because I have so much to do, and who knows what time Chamuel will even let him loose. It could be 10 minutes or 10 hours. I'm fucked!"
"Well, Chamuel must have some reasoning for doing this." Castiel said, somewhat confused.
"... Cas, there's nothing here... why did you-" Dean started to say before Cas interrupted him.
"Ohhh, I get it!" Deanna stated. "There's somebody else, isn't there? So, who's the lucky lady?"
"Of all the states, why Texas?" Castiel interjected.
Rachel somehow sped up the video and showed a bunch of clips where Dean was looking at different images. All of the clips proved Rachel's point. Throughout every short video that was shown, Dean's pupils remained practically the same size.
Castiel took Dean's silence as a cue to head into room 4. So he did just that.
"Well, like you just said, I'm Cassie... uhh, it's short for Cassiel, I too am an angel, and I don't exactly know a fun fact about myself to add into my introduction." She looked down sheepishly. It was strange to see an angel act so coy, but Dean found it kind of endearing that she was embarrassed over something so pointless.
Fake Gabriel started chanting "Speech! Speech! Speech!" repeatedly until Fake Chuck joined in. Before Castiel knew it, everyone was chanting along with the two men.
Dean scoffed. "Yeah, right! You wish!  And if you keep asking, I will go right back to ignoring your sorry ass."
"He's just trying to help you, Dean." Donna spoke up.
"Dean..." Castiel grabbed onto the hunter's shoulder, trying to soothe him.
"Well, earlier, you and Cassie told us that Dean and I have matching souls; thus, he is my soul twin! Which could be a great song title, by the way."
"I know, I know!" Dean sighed, still recovering from laughing so hard. When he finally caught his breath, he realized the position that they were lying in. Castiel was still on top of him, and now they were staring motionlessly into each other eyes with Castiels face only a few centimeters away from his own.
Suddenly a loud crash followed by the sound of two women yelling back and forth came from down the hall.
Dean stormed out of room 5 and back into the center room once again. Castiel was already on the opposite side of the space, and he was turned away from Dean facing the opposing wall. This small detail, of course, only ended up frustrating Dean even more because he had absolutely no clue what the hell was going on in the angel's mind. Dean had practically just poured his heart out to the guy only to receive the silent treatment in return. This only seemed to confirm Dean's theory about why he should never open his mouth and talk about his feelings and all that bullshit.  It never bodes well for him, and this situation right here only sought to prove that all the more.
Dean's eyes softened as he reached for Castiel's hand and began pulling him down the stairway and into the bunker.
"I think, deep down, you already know the answer to that question as well." Sam replied.
Cas glanced up quickly before retreating his eyes back towards the floor. Blush suddenly overcame his face. "I-I don't know what you think I am trying to say here." He mumbled, his cheeks continuously becoming redder.
"I enjoy the detailed architecture of that time period. As for the location, I find it calming. I know this lake like the back of my vessel's hand, and so in an ideal world, I would find a home as close to it as possible."
Castiel's O-face was what pushed Dean to his own release. He shifted in pleasure underneath Cas, and once he was spent, Castiel lowered his body down on Dean's chest. He obviously didn't care about the mess they made.
He looked over to Jensen. Maybe he didn't really understand bachelor parties after all. I mean, it wasn't like Cas had been to one before, so the details were a bit iffy.
"No twist, just a slideshow. You both have nothing to worry about." She shrugged and walked away to the corner of the room to give them a bit of privacy.
Cas smiled fondly. "Well... then, I'll go with you!"
"I have my reasons." Chamuel answered.
"So ... wait wait wait wait ....We have to STAY in this hellhole FOR FIVE-FUCKING-DAYS...?" Dean exclaimed while looking around the room. With any luck, he might be able to locate the speaker her voice was coming from. Breaking it would really shut her up for a while.
Castiel's eyes went wide with shock. Of course, he couldn't pinpoint which event Dean was referencing currently. He had kept a lot of secrets from Dean and Sam in the past, and that never seemed to turn out well for him in the long run, no matter how much good he thought he was doing. Despite the truth behind Dean's words, Cas couldn't help but feel guilt creeping up inside him again. The guilt had always been there, but Cas did his best to focus on the here and now instead of past mistakes. However, it apparently didn't take much to bring that guilt back to the surface.
"Like I said before... We need to talk, Castiel." Chamuel replied calmly; however, she still was not meeting his gaze with her own. Instead, her eyes seemed to be focused on the paperwork that she was now shuffling in her hands.
Castiel gulped. He didn't know if he should outright admit why he was so upset or if he should keep the truth to himself as Dean tends to do. He, of course, went with the latter.
Chamuel's smile fell, but she didn't look disappointed at Dean's witty comeback. "No, those boulders were quite real." she said as if Dean didn't already know that.
Both boys sat there silently staring at the women in front of them for a moment. Until Castiel decided it was his turn to break the silence.
Dean lifted a hand to cover his mouth as he attempted to whisper to Castiel. "So is she more your style, Cas? Did you two do a little cloud seating together?" Dean snuck in a wink at the end.
"I let my frustration get the best of me. I apologize for my sudden outburst in response."
"Your guess is as good as mine." Castiel replied.
"Yeah, but come on, man... whatever memory you are about to show me took place in the bunker... it has to be something good."
"I didn't what?" Cas asked.
"If Dean has feelings for you that are deeper than the friendship you two claim to share, then..." Chamuel started to say, but Castiel cut her off.
Cas licked Dean's upper lip during the kiss, and Dean took the hint that he wanted to deepen the kiss. When their tongues collide with one another, they didn't fight for dominance. Instead, they just explored and accepted the power that the other could hold over the other person. The current moment wasn't about dominance. It was about being with one another.
"Well, then let him unmake it!" Dean retaliated.
"My oldest, Gertie, her middle name is Dean, Dean. I personally pushed for her to be named Deanna, but Bess vetoed that choice. However, I was still able to convince her to let me choose Gertie's middle name." Garth smiled brightly.
Sadly, what Dean said did just that. Castiel felt hopeless. Dean was the reason he rebelled against heaven. Dean was why he lost the only home he ever knew before meeting the Winchesters, and now all hope of resolution was gone.
"Well, for starters, you act without thinking."
Samantha scoffs. "Let's just get this conversation back on track. So Castiel, tell us, how exactly was Jack acting strange recently?"
"Just follow me" Dean replied, opening up the walk-in freezer and stepping inside. Castiel followed close behind.
"Fine." Dean retaliated. "The title of my memoir is a tie between
Kevin rolled his eyes. Obviously, arguing with a three-year-old was not at the top of his favorite day-to-day activities ."Yes, bath!" Kevin responded bluntly.
Dean opened his mouth to speak, but before he could even get a word out, Cas had switched over to his final favorite memory.
"Good, great, let's just move on and... wait... did you say yes?"
This was new territory for both of them, and Castiel didn't want to mess it up. He needed to know how far Dean was willing to take things.
"Ok, good to know. Now your turn stretch, name, occupation, and hell, why not add a fun fact about yourself to spice this up a bit!" Deanna prompted.
"And how about that? Huh? Was that too far?" Castiel asked with a cocky grin.
"Well, I haven't seen a need to use it yet. None of the questions really required any visual aid." Castiel answered.
Dean glared and pointed at Sam. "First off, you shut your mouth. Second off, why the hell do you automatically assume that I'd be on the bottom?"
"Shit!" Kevin said, starting to look around frantically like he could just hide the toddler or something.
Dean's mouth fell open in shock. This had to be some sick twisted trick.
Dean made a sound to express how pleased he was, but he did it without shame. Dean then started meeting Castiel's by moving his own hips upwards to match Castiels thrusts. Castiel moaned the moment Dean's dick slide against his own, even if it was through multiple layers of clothing. It felt glorious like they were made to do nothing else but this—the type of connection they shared and the electricity that flowed between the two of them.
Samantha quietly giggled alongside her sister, but they both stopped when he turned his stone-cold gaze over to the two of them.  No doubt Cas was considering to smite the girls right where they stood.
Castiel quickly turned to look at Dean with horror in his eyes. Dean could tell exactly what Cas must be thinking at the current moment, that maybe Dean would end the engagement to be with Lisa. However, that was the furthest thing from an option in Dean's mind.
"Now it's time for ya to get back to your real Cassie while I fix this thing up here. But, don't worry; this world will continue just as it did when their original Dean was in commission."Gabriel snapped his fingers. Thus returning Dean back to his own world to finish up the questions in round 5.
"Oh, you've got to be kidding me…." Dean mumbled, trying to hold as still as possible to not provoke whoever the person wielding the knife was.
Dean let out a sigh of relief. "Whew - Okay... then the choice is simple! You become human and stay with Sammy and me in the bunker. Problem solved!" He stated.
The saying had never made much logical sense to Castiel before, but now he thought he maybe understood what the point of it was. Sometimes you can't get everything you want. You have to sacrifice one thing in order to obtain another. The question remained, though, that Cas didn't know what he wanted.
Castiel ran a hand across his face before finally looking at Dean head-on. "It's you, Dean... it's always been you!" Castiel smiled as his eyes glistened a bit. This wasn't an easy confession for him to make, even if they were just kissing a few minutes before now. Admitting his deepest desires to Dean made everything about their relationship so much more real... more concrete. "...For years now, I thought my feelings for you would never be reciprocated. Therefore, I never once allowed myself to hope for what I deemed to be impossible... False hope is one of the worse torments somebody can inflict, especially upon themselves. Hence, why I never allowed myself to consider the possibility... Then we got here, and as you clearly know, things changed between us... I learned that my desire for you wasn't actually one-sided at all... So for me, the impossible became a reality, and it was exhilarating. I may have trouble showing it, but I've honestly never been so happy in my entire existence!"
"I must say I am deeply impressed, Dean!"
"No... it's freaking hilarious." Dean replied.
"You really want me to come back and join you both? Even after what I just admitted to you?"
It was silent for a moment before Dean heard Castiel mumble a quiet "No..." in response.
Map - Website: DistantFromTo
"Honey, I am nowhere near asexual if that's what you're trying to imply!" Dean scoffed.
A bunch of men were sprawled out across the area.
He sat down, alone at the card table, going through the possibilities of each option. He stayed in that room for who knows how long... but once his thoughts start to repeat themselves, he decided to return to the bedroom where Dean still remained.
O'Malley picked up two small cups and handed one to Dean and the other to Castiel. Inside Dean's, the cup was a small clear capsule with blue liquid swirling around inside it. Castiel's cup contained the same, except for his pill had green liquid inside of it.
"I see what this is about.." Castiel said, sitting down next to Dean on the floor.
Dean slapped the palm of his hand to his forehead out of annoyance. "Is it too much to ask for a moment of privacy during this entire
Chamuel rolled her eyes. She was surprisingly sassy for someone trying to mimic the therapeutic profession. "I can't fully get rid of the spell Dean, but I can control when it affects you."
After reading the texts, Dean was in total shock. What the hell was going on here? Why did his contact on Cas's phone have a winky face next to it? Why did he call Cas 'babe"? But most importantly, why did the text say "love you"? Dean believed that those words were reserved for when you are dying, and you realize you have no other chance to admit your feelings. He would never say stuff like that over texts, plus he and Cas had never really said those word's to one another directly before. Dean didn't even have his phone ever since he entered the cave, so these texts were definitely not from him. He checked the time stamp, and the texts were definitely sent earlier today.
"So you really had no clue?" Sam asked.
Cas needed time to build up enough courage to tell Dean the truth. He knew that he was putting it off by not telling him right away, but he also knew that the sooner he told Dean the truth, the longer it could be awkward between them. So Cas would wait it out.
"...You ask a lot of questions!"
"Well, you know those awesome movies I sometimes force you to watch with me when we aren't on a case or when we get bored in the bunker?"
"Well then, in your own words - I suggest you 'shut your cake hole' and pay attention!" Cas responded
"If I say thank you, can we stop talking about this?" Dean asked.
Considering the fact that Dean drinks almost as often as he breathes; he is by no means a lightweight when it comes to alcohol consumption. He obviously must have gone way past his limit to have reached his current state.
"I didn't say that... Look, I like a challenge as much as the next guy. I just wasn't prepared for.... you... I guess." Dean shrugged again.
"What the hell are you two doing here?" Dean asked, despite knowing exactly why they were at the bunker.
"Damn it." Dean muttered as he rubbed his already aching forehead.
Castiel tilted his head, still staring at Dean, and squinted his eyes. "A mutiny typically occurs on ships or in battles, Dean; we fit into neither of those groups at the current moment." Cas stated, obviously avoiding Dean's original question.
"Oh, don't worry, honey, this spell wears off after you complete round three." Naya walked over to Dean and whispered in his ear, "Word of advice: if you care at all about Castiel, you will find a way to lose this game. Trust me. You don't want him to drink this."
is implying. Why would I?" Castiel's eyes seemed shocked by the accusation.
"I've fallen into 'lust' at first sight, but no... never love. I think that love takes a lot more than just looking at someone. You have to form a bond or a type of trust before you can admit to an emotion as strong as love." Dean replied. Gosh, he hated sounding like such a poet, but this honesty spell wouldn't let him pick and choose his own wording. He was forced to say how he felt no matter how girly it sounded.
A minute or two later, Dean followed and sat beside Castiel. He placed a hand on his shoulder, only for Castiel to fling it off.
"Well, how many people have you kissed?"
Cas wasn't inside the room at all. Instead, there stood some chick with long dirty blonde hair drinking a beer, wearing green plaid pajama pants and a black Metallica t-shirt.
Dean's eyes widened. Hadn't Castiel told him years ago that he rebelled against heaven for HIM? Was Dean the man Castiel was talking about being in love with? No... that couldn't be possible... could it? Could angels even fall in love? The majority of them were just dicks wearing monkey suits but Castiel... Cas had always been different.
Dean, however, wasn't in there yet, which meant he must not be done with his door yet.
"More or less, yes!" Gabriel answered.
Deanna squinted her eyes at him. "I don't even know who the hell you are, so how the fuck would I know who your brother is? Who are you anyway?" she asked.
"You sound pretty damn confident for someone who brought a knife to a gunfight." Dean smirked, quirking his eyes from his gun back to her knife.
"Absolutely nothing!" Naya stated confidently.
"What?"
Suddenly the image faded back to their actual surrounding in the cave.
"So, what you got for us, Cas?" Dean asked while leaning up against the wall in the hallway outside of Jack's bedroom.
"But even after I told you who I was, you still stabbed me!" Castiel replied. He talked about getting stabbed like it was a normal event.
"Okay..." he nodded.
"You sure you're alright, man? Something seem's... something seems off about you..." Jensen said.
Thankfully Castiel chimed in before the silence overtook the room. "I think Dean and I's relationship is strong enough that we could have resolved our feud on our own!" Castiel said.
"Haha, under my bed, hiding like the little monster that he is!" Mary said, tickling Jack until he became a wiggling mess in Mary's arms.
"Yeah... a thing ... that's the only way I can think to describe what we had." Dean admitted
"I... I don't think he means that type of heaven, Cas." Dean responded hesitantly.
"Samuel, you're babbling again." Rowena interjected. "Please just hop to the point and skip over the whole tragic backstory, would ya?"
Dean looked towards the ground. He was unsure of what to say next. Honesty wasn't getting him very far, and thus was it was only proving his point that lying was way more simple.
Sam gave a short, breathy laugh. "Of course I knew Dean. I have always looked up to you. I spent the majority of my life following you around. I saw the way you looked at both guys and girls alike when you were attracted to them."
Jensen, Jared, and all the other boys had no clue that Castiel was, in fact, not Misha. But, of course, it wasn't their fault or even Castiel's fault that Cas wasn't actually Misha. It just made it all a whole lot more confusing.
"No... I know what it means, but...y-you love me?" Castiel asked.
"I figured that I had already sufficiently answered the question at hand and that we should move forward with your turn." Cas said.
"Nope, don't dig yourself a grave here, Cas. The fact is Sam, and I forgive you because we get it. This job ain't all black and white. Sometimes more than others, we have to deal with all the grey shades in between, which means the line between right and wrong can get skewed more times than not. If you mess up in this line of work, you accept it, fix it if you possibly can, and then you suck it and move on."
"I live here, you dumbass!" She said, looking at Dean like he had just escaped a mental ward or something.
There was another pause as Dean tried to process what Cas had just told him.
Chamuel's voice once again filled the room, but she was still nowhere in sight. "Good job, boys, you completed the introduction segment of this therapeutic process. Now the real fun can begin."
"Don't you 'What Dean' me here? What the hell is going on, Cas, and why the fuck are your wings suddenly coming out to play?"
Castiel just grinned into the kiss in response. He didn't bother backing away because that would just be one second more without Dean's lips on his own. Cas started grinding himself on Dean even faster.
"What are you doing here? How did you-" Dean started to ask how she'd even remembered him, but that was just out of instinct. But, of course, this Lisa probably never had to forget him, so that question would have made no sense. Thankfully Lisa cut him off, assuming the end of his question like she tended to do.
Castiel looked down at their intertwined hands as he spoke."If my speculation is correct.. and I am not just overly advantageous here, I would conclude that you have a strong, formidable feeling towards me as well? Is my assumption correct, or am I entirely mistaken?" Castiel looked up at the end of his statement. Hope was gleaming in the angel's still teary eyes.
"Fuck... Do we really have to talk about each damn memory, Cas? I have 6 more of these things to get through, and I really don't want to get all touchy-feely after each damn one of them!" He exclaimed.
There was a silence for a moment.
"And you didn't think this was something you should tell us before now, Cas? What the hell were you thinking, man?" Dean asked, anger evident in his tone.
Tonight the two of them would permanently break out of the friendzone that they had lived inside for far too long, and finally, they would show each other how they truly felt towards one another.
"Oh shoot, I completely forgot. We can still get breakfast. Hold on. I'll be ready in five." Castiel quickly tightened his hug on Dean, gave him a quick kiss on the cheek before darting back towards the bedroom.
That's when Castiel remembered that something or someone had pulled him in.
"Dean, I'm fine, I'm fine!" He replied, pushing his helicopter brother back a step. "I may have a few bruises here and there because damn, that girl can hit, but nothing bad enough to warrant your mother hen instincts."
"Well, technically, it's just modeled to look similar to the bunker. Everything that was in the old bunker was moved here to furnish the bar bunker instead, you know, cause it doesn't cost us anything."
WARNING: This chapter contains Explicit Content! If that's not your cup of tea, then please feel free to skip the section in between the two lines. Everything before and after the two lines is all PG-13 material.
"I rebelled for you, Dean... you were why I rebelled against heaven... against my brother's and sisters... Sure, after some time on earth, more people began to gain importance to me - Sam, Claire, Bobby, Kelly, Kevin - just to name a few of them. But when I first opposed heavens orders, I did it because of you. Nobody else influenced the choice I made."
"What?" Dean asked as she back away.
"The one and only!" Jensen exclaimed. "Come on. We need to head up to the bar. The rest of the guys should already be there. We can also ask the bar to put some ice in a bag or something for that bump on your head."
"I am not going to take any more magic shit. I wasn't happy with the result I got last time." Dean replied.
The once small white light became brighter and brighter. Dean wondered if maybe he was dead, and this was some 'light at the end of the tunnel' bullshit. However, that theory was dismissed quickly. Dean Winchester had died so many damn times that he knew what death felt like, and this was not that.
"WHAT???" Dean asked, anger lacing his tone.
"Well, now that everyone is here and Misha has his memory back, let's get this party started. Who is with me?" Jared asked the now-gathering crowd of men.
"Cas... Me and Sam, we both forgave you long ago. Did you fuck up? Yeah! But then again, so have all of us at one point or another. You may not remember, but not that long ago, I also teamed up with Crowley, but instead of unlocking the souls from Purgatory, Crowley and I went on a murder spree to sustain the mark of Cain. As for Sam, he isn't all that innocent either. When you first met the giant, he was addicted to drinking demon blood and getting his jollies on with a demon named Ruby. Any of this ring a bell?"
Castiel looked down at the table between the two men while he recalled the events when he actually first met Dean. It wasn't the best first impression, but it was definitely memorable.
Castiel cupped Dean's chin and kissed him passionately. In all honesty, this moment was perfect, and nothing could ruin it for them.
Dean knew that he could drag this exchange out longer if he really had wanted to, but with the truth spell in place, replying to anything sarcastically required a lot of brainpower. So instead of prolonging his answer, Dean decided that he should conserve his mental strength for when he may really need it.
"Then what's up with the cards? How can we play if they are cemented to the table."
"Are we done here?" Dean asked, still as enraged as he was before.
"I can't get rid of the spell. As O'Malley said, it would only lose its effect when you leave this program. But I can use some of my own power to disengage the effects for a period of time throughout each level."
"Castiel!" Rachel stated like she was on a game show or something, "Your pupils dilated 0% on both male and female pictures alike. On every picture, your eyes would shift over the person, just one quick glance up and down. It was like you were sizing them up or preparing for combat—nothing more, nothing less. I would presume you were asexual, but we both know that is not the case now, don't we? There was one image that caused your gaze to remained planted on the figure's eyes. The same image increased the size of your pupils by 40%. Interesting, huh?" She winked at Castiel.
"Well, then what is the card asking?" Castiel asked. His wings seemed much more relaxed now since they had returned to resting on the back of the chair again.
Dean was about to start complaining that this was definitely not how he pictured his ideal reality until he looked over at Cas. The angel's eyes were shut tight as he seemed to be imagining the small details of his dream landscape.
"Well yeah...  I guess you have. None of us ever thought you would find someone actually to tolerate you forever, but hey, stranger things have happened."
"That's right, you didn't think!" Dean exclaimed.
Dean dropped his hand to his side and sighed dramatically. "Right now, I really resent ever being related to you!"
Dean sighed, finally taking his seat in the chair across from Castiel.
"Just do it!" She replied, squinting her eyes at him and putting her hands on her hips to let him know she wasn't joking around.
"That's only for the night before the wedding, which is why I only booked you a room for tomorrow night." Cas replied.
"NOOOOOOo,
"Then let's get to the part where you show and tell me them." Dean urged Cas.
"Hmm?" Dean said, still focused on pressing sporadic chaste kisses to Castiel's chapped lips.
That's when Castiel remembered he was supposed to meet Dean... Jensen in his room.
"Oh, isn't that just fan-freaking-tastic!!" Dean exclaimed, throwing his hands up in the air as he dramatically fell back into his seat.
"Ha, well good luck with that Bud!"
"You humans would refer to this task as 7 minutes in heaven. To leave this room, that's what you have to accomplish." Theo explained.
Dean paused for a brief second to think about that offer. " Ehhh... I may take you up on later, but right now, you are going to tell me who you are and what it is you are doing here?"
Then, as expected, door #2 clicked, signaling that Chamuel had now unlocked the second door.
"She is standing behind me, isn't she?" Dean asked, pointing over his right shoulder.
Dean had never allowed himself to admit that there had been times in his life where he had found a male to be sexually attractive. So having to admit that out loud, in front of his best friend and probably a gaggle of peeping angels, wasn't his ideal way of
"I don't think intercourse will be necessary, Dean. It said "not too intimate," and last I checked, sex was at the utmost of human intimacy."
"YOUR WILL, NOT HIS AND DEFINITELY NOT MINE." Castiel corrected Theo.
"What does it say?" Castiel asked attempting to glimpse the card by leaning over the table that separated them.
"What do you need us to do?" Castiel asked.
"Sup, Lil man!" Projection Dean said, reaching down to ruffle the toddler's hair playfully. "Wait just a second... something is wrong with this picture." Dean knelt to face the child, who was still wrapped tightly around Castiel's leg. "Jack, why isn't your hair wet, and why are you not in your PJ's? I thought Kev was supposed to get you all washed up and ready?" Projection Dean stated, squinting over in Kevin's direction.
Dean looked over to find none other than Castiel standing in the bedroom's doorway, and gosh, did this small bedroom have far too many people in it now. Nonetheless, Dean was thankful that Cas was here to hopefully tell them what the hell was going on here.
"You only have two rounds left to go, Dean. Just finish the program. Chamuel has never had a case that didn't succeed." Sam stated.
"Not Dean... It's Castiel." Chamuel admitted.
Dean couldn't think of a response. For once in his life, he didn't know what to say. I mean, how the hell do you comfort an angel who is losing what makes him a celestial being? They stood facing one another in silence, and the only reason Dean knew that was because he didn't hear the sound of any footsteps. Castiel obviously hadn't moved since he had used his healing power. All that Dean could hear was the sound of both of them breathing. He felt Castiels breath on his face... so yeah... obviously, Cas was only inches away from him.
"...No, he doesn't know..."
The only two who didn't follow the crowd over to the bar were Jensen and Cas. The two of them stayed right where they were despite the crowd moving on.
It was now or never... time to pull to this speech out of thin air.
Dean scoffed. He was no longer looking for a resolution at the moment. Anger started to burn within him. Castiel brought up the underlying issue behind all this, so Dean thought he might as well educate him further about the situation.
"Good!"
"Or… maybe I should be asking who the lucky fella is? Hey, I don't judge, whatever gets you off at night. But either way, who is it?"
Suddenly the room around them began to change, and before Dean knew it, he and Cas were sitting on a dock.
"M-me?" Dean stuttered.
"So... this time around, could you at least tell me what the rules and procedures are for the game 7 minutes in heaven are? I understand that it entails kissing the other player, but there must be a bit more to it than that."
"That's not the line!" Dean exclaimed, "I believe it went more like, "I am the one who gripped you tight and raised you from perdition,' feel free to correct me if I am wrong, Cas."
There was another brief pause before Castiel spoke up again.
The two, once again, fell back on top of each other, barely escaping the cave-in, which was now blocking the room's only exit.
But one thing about Castiel's conclusion didn't make sense.
"Well, that doesn't sound sketchy at all..." Dean replied sarcastically.
"I'm sorry, Castiel, but I have to follow protocol here. And I already made a major exception by allowing you to stay. I cannot keep breaking the rules."
When they part, Gabriel nodded his head at his brother and then looked at Dean. "Well, that's my cue, Chow Fellas, see ya in my next lifetime."
"I think the term you are looking for is - visual aid." Cas stated.
Castiel's mouth fell open in shock. Was Dean... I mean, was Jensen just inviting me to his room on the night before his wedding? Maybe I am just overthinking this. My Dean invited me to his motel room a handful of times, which meant nothing more than just meeting up and discussing a case. Maybe Jensen and Misha have a similar type of relationship. Maybe they just meet up to talk about their thoughts and feelings and then watch sports or politics or something. Yeah, that must be it. I must have misread the situation. This Dean, who is called Jensen, is getting married tomorrow. In no way whatsoever would he be flirting with me.
Cassie was rereading the parenting books in her and Castiel's room to find a solution to help Jane feel less lonely when they got back to their own world.
"What type of thing?"
Castiel gave a silent nod in response to Dean's suggestion before making his way over to the card table. His wings were level now, so as he walked across the room, they didn't drag on the floor. However, both wings were still trembling quite violently despite their change in posture.
Projection Dean smiled and stared deep into Projection Castiel's eyes, placing his hand on top of the one still gripping his shoulder. "Thanks, Cas, you always know just what to say to make me feel better."
Dean knew he needed to say something along the lines of an apology, but what? Dean wasn't good with apologies. The word 'sorry' wasn't a part of his daily vocabulary. He had no idea where even to start. But he had to start somewhere...
They broke away from one another and turned to look at the timer on the wall, which now read 0:00. They turned back to face one another, only to blush and shy away from each other's glances.
"Well - what? Just spit it out Cas, it's not like we can lie right now anyway, so we may as well just tell each other the truth! So spill it wings!"
How would Cas even react? He was pretty sure that marrying someone in an alternate dimension didn't make them married to you in any other dimension. Right? Or were there some interdimensional marriage laws that he didn't know about?
He wasn't technically lying, though, when he told Castiel to let him think. Dean knew that his wording wasn't specific enough to be a lie. It seemed that after four rounds of this truthful torture that Dean was finally growing accustomed to the truth spell. Cas, on the other hand, wasn't at all used to the truth spell on him.
Castiel couldn't help but melt into the kiss when he felt Jensen's lips move against his own. Jensen licked Castiel's lower lip, and his mouth fell open, allowing Jensen complete access. The moment their tongues collided, Castiel couldn't help but moan out in pleasure into Jensen's mouth.
"Noooooo." Dean said sarcastically, obviously lying.
"IT FUCKING BROKE ME, CAS. I'VE BEEN THROUGH A LOT OF SHIT IN MY TIME, I'VE LOST A LOT OF PEOPLE THAT I CARED ABOUT, BUT LOSING YOU..." He sighed and closed his eyes again. "Losing you again, it messed me up. Hell, if Sam, Jody, Garth, and Donna didn't step up to support me, I probably wouldn't be breathing right now."
"Well, it's n-" Dean tried to say, but Castiel wasn't done speaking yet.
"... how would you know anything about mine or Dean's feelings?" He asked.
Deanna smirked proudly at his question. "Ah, so I'm guessing you've heard about us before?"
"Likely story since that's exactly what a monster would say!"
Dean decided that now would be a good time for him to suck up his pride and actually fess up.
"A door?" Dean asked.
"It's another tunnel." Castiel explained to Dean before walking off towards the new entrance.
Castiel looked up and tilted his head. "How so?"
"I'll see you tonight!" Cas said before running down the hall to catch up with his alternate universe version of his brother.
"It was my answer to your question Cas, and no, I will not repeat it... You know why? Because I am uncomfortable with being forced to say the truth all the time, especially when I don't want to say it. So, if you could keep those pretty little lips of yours zipped shut, that would make this entire process a lot easier on me. Thank you and goodnight."
"See... I knew it. I knew even when you kissed me that there must be something else going on. You could never want me... I mean, why would you? I am a fallen angel with black wings... I am a disgrace from heaven, and I am not a part of humanity.
Suddenly the door slammed shut, and the lights went off. It was pitch black.
"It does, you are completely correct, but in this case, I would have to lean towards the factor of your influence on his newly found answer."
"Probably not..." But that doesn't mean he wouldn't have done something else instead, in an attempt to distract Dean from the matter at hand.
Castiel gulped, finally coming back down from cloud 9. "Of course, De-Jensen. Of course, I meant it... Every single word."
Dean probably should have been paying more attention to Castiel's wings before now. But in his own defense, Dean had almost forgotten about Cas' wings entirely during the past few cards. They must've been folded up behind the angel's back until now, so it was like they weren't even there.
"There was absolutely no spelling involved in any part of that explanation." Castiel squinted his eyes.
"Yes! Exactly?"
"Of course, I saw it. I don't sleep. I was in my room reading a novel by John Green entitled "Paper Towns" when the flash occurred."
"Now, there is no need to be hostile towards Sam. He was just worried about you, that's all."
"I don't know why Chamuel decided to send me there," Castiel stated, ignoring Dean's complaint and refocusing the subject. "There didn't seem to be any substantial lesson for me to learn and the entire experience just fucking sucked."
"Dude, are you talking about Tangled?" Dean sighed.
"This program, do you think it will actually solve our issues with one another?" Castiel said solemnly.
He didn't know what drove him to do it, but he didn't stop himself either. Instead, he just drifted off to sleep, hoping that by the time morning came, he would be able to get Cas to tell him what was really going on. He had no idea that by the time he woke up, Castiel's choice would have already been made.
Dean opened his eyes and looked around the large room. "Ok, this is seriously awesome."
Cas smiled, looking at Dean again. "Yes, I think I am."
If Dean had a drink to spit out to signify his shock, now would have been the perfect time to do it!
But as soon as Castiel's hand was on top of Deans, whose hand was now holding the doorknob, the lock clicked.
"OKAY, OKAY... I get it! Thank you, Cas." Dean said sarcastically, hoping that he would stop talking about it, but Cas didn't seem to take the hint.
"You..." Castiel focused his attention on Dean's eyes with a somewhat broken look that cracked Dean's heart a bit.
"I know, but both options have possible evils, and it's not like you gave me the ins and out of each one."
Castiel was astounded and overwhelmed with emotion at the sight of everyone under one roof. Even though he knew the picture was just a product of Dean's imagination, it was a beautiful sight to see. However, Cas lost his breath from absolute shock when he saw clearly who the other two bartenders were. It was him and Dean. The projection of the two men showed that they were quite skilled in maneuvering around each other in order to tend to all the customers. They seemed quite familiar with the mannerisms of each other, like they had already done this a hundred times before.
"I see..." Castiel responded, still staring at the blade.
Everyone followed his speech by clinking their glasses together, and Castiel tried to follow suit but ended up spilling his drink all over the table.
"I see..." Castiel cut Dean off and turned away from him, pulling his hand out of Dean's grasp.
"This cave... well, it's special. After years of living in the cave, I have been able to ward it in such a way that prevents any beings higher than that of an archangel from entering into these walls. So even God himself can't get in here." Chamuel gestured to the surrounding walls as if that would further prove her point.
This was a whole lot to think about, and there were far too many unknown factors for Castiel to be able to make an informed decision.
The women grinned at the boys' question. It wasn't an evil grin though. It seemed more genuine and less conniving, which was odd considering the circumstances. Whoever this lady was, she didn't seem to be too threatened by the two men. In fact, Dean thought she seemed pretty harmless, but he knew too well that looks could be very deceiving. Because they were still trapped in a cave, Dean decided to put that observation on hold.
"And let me guess, that location will be where we are asked the truth questions."
"What will they do?" Castiel asked Gabriel about the pills.
Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean's neck. One hand pulling him closer and the other combing slowly through his hair, pulling on it slightly at times to amplify the moment or movement in one way or another.
The kiss wasn't rushed; it wasn't lustful. It was tender and slow and all the things that true love is made of.
Dean opened his eyes to see that Castiel had latched his left arm underneath Dean's chest, his hand grasping Dean's side. What the hell was he doing? Dean was 100% sure that this wasn't allowed in the game, but since neither fell, yet he assumed that neither had technically lost yet.
"What if I-"
"I found us a case!" Dean explained.
Cas kept silent.
Dean seemed to lighten up at the mere sight of home. "Now this memory, I can definitely get behind!" He said with a smirk on his face as he looked around the room, retaking in all the tiny details. He missed his home, and he even missed his jerk of a brother despite him getting Dean into this mess.
"My point is, I get it now. You've got it bad for Dean, don't you?" She asked.
"It was in your best interest that I didn't." She replied confidently, but Castiel assumed she just didn't want to admit her own incompetence.
"Really? Because the Sam you know got addicted to demons blood, so I wouldn't say meth is a far stretch."
Dean slowly began shifting his hand up and down, using their precum to ease the slide.
.. the voice yelled into Dean's mind.
Samantha stared at her sister like she was an absolute moron. Still, before she could refute Deanna's mathematical assumption, another woman walked into the room. She had already started talking before she got to the doorway and was staring down at a DVD cover she held in her hand. So whoever this lady was, she didn't seem to notice either Sam or Dean yet.
"Well, it's not like we had much of choice in the matter." Dean yelled into the air.
When Dean saw Cas, he about lunged off the bed and grabbed Castiel by the shoulders.
"I mean, yeah, but honestly, it's kind of growing on me." Dean lied. "Especially this specific room, I mean it's so... so... what's the word? Average, that's it. This room has nothing special about it, and I think that unspecial things are so underappreciated that we should take out the time to you know.."
"Darling, I can handle whatever this cave throws at us next... "
Who is ready for part 1 of round #5? And yes I had to separate it into two parts because this part alone is over 8,000 words. So I split it up for my own sanity. I worked hours on this chapter but knowing me, there will still be some grammar issues here and there; even though I proofread it twice. So please bear with me on that. Happy reading my dudes!
Brief Smut/Fluff is included in the second half of this chapter. Feel free to skip after the line if you would prefer not to read that section. Either way, enjoy guys!
"There's nothing wrong with discussing sexual intercourse, Dean. It's a natural act of human affection. Is it not?" Castiel refocusing on Dean's facial expressions.
"Come on, pretty boys, I don't have all day. You two can flirt another time."
made you uncomfortable when you came back into the bedroom last night, Cas, but you didn't wanna talk about it, so why should I talk about this?" Dean said sarcastically.
"Well, isn't that just great!" Dean uttered out in annoyance
Everyone stayed silent for a minute before Garth spoke up. "I did name my kid after you, Dean." Garth declared
Finally, Dean made a move to pick up a card and get the round started. However, he couldn't quite pick up the card. He tried again and again. It was like the entire deck was glued to the table. Eventually, it became a battle of brute strength for Dean. It was him vs. the immovable deck of cards. He stood up from his seat to get a better angle on his leverage, but it refused to budge.
"I didn't say I put it behind me Cas, I still am so pissed at what Jack did, but now that Jack is dead I... I just miss him, that's all. He and Mary they deserved so much better than what they got in life."
me. I hate this. I hate every bit of this... I would never let myself admit to half of the stuff I admitted to Castiel out there... I can't do this, Sam."
"How did we..."
Dean followed silently behind him and onto the elevator, which is when Cas started to talk again. "So, how was the flight? Did you take the anxiety meds that the doctor gave you beforehand?"
so Dean being Dean, decided to ask his tell-all question of - - - "What the hell Cas???" He exclaimed into the previously silent room.
"Their soul!" Castiel responded too quickly.
"Yes," Castiel answered. "If Deanna, Samantha, Cassiel, and Jane are here to help us fight off Chuck in this universe, who is going to protect there's from all things supernatural while they are away?"
Cas picked up the next card. "What does your dream soulmate look like?"
After about a solid 30 seconds of Dean's fake mental contemplation, Castiel couldn't wait any longer. "DEAN WINCHESTER, I know you well enough to understand that you have already come up with an answer to the question! Right now, I can only assume that you are stalling in an attempt solely to annoy me." Castiel's wings rose off the back of the chair and continued to fluff up like he was a bird asserting his dominance.
Dean moved his hands so that now his forehead was lying in it. "I know that... but it's just that's, not me, okay?... It's not a part of my image. I'm the guy who women swoon over! I am not the guy who swoons over another person or another male as a matter of fact."
"Why would I..." Dean paused. Suddenly the entire puzzle started to come together. Sam was Chamuel's client, the one she had spoken to. Sam was the person who had enrolled him and Castiel into the program. It all made sense now.  "IT WAS YOU, WASN'T IT? YOU ARE THE REASON I'M STUCK WITH CAS IN THIS HOBBIT HOLE!" Dean yelled.
"Perfect!" Gabriel responded cheerfully. Apparently, Gabe took their silence as complacency. "Good luck to you both! Hopefully, this final round ends with something steamy... because if not I will have to rate it badly on IMBD..."
"Because you listened to what I had to say, and you were honest with me even though it was tough for you to accomplish."
"What? Unlike you, I want to use the projection power thing before I leave here. It will probably be the highlight of this entire endeavor." Dean explained.
"What's the twist?" Dean asked, lifting his eyebrow skeptically.
"But even if Deanna and Samantha were us from a different universe, what the hell does me flirting with Cassie matter?"
"Normally, you would be correct. Staying with the Winchester's is something I want to do. But a selfish desire such as that is easily overruled when it comes to the safety of those you care about." Castiel replied.
"Why can't you be both?" Castiel asked, concern amplified throughout his entire being.
"Well, look at that. We finally found something we can agree upon." Deanna said.
Castiel stopped in his tracks and sighed in defeat. "... And do you know what the only thing in this existence is that can make me truly happy?" He asked.
Suddenly Castiel's hand began drifting downwards until he was slowly stroking Dean through his boxers. Dean let out an even louder moan than before as he involuntarily thrust upwards to meet the touch of Castiel's hand.
Dean looked away from the angel as well but only for a split second to get his bearings. When he looked back, Castiel's face was flushed, and his shoulders were slouched. He looked emotionally defeated, if that was possible.
"Get 'it' on? Get what on?"
Cas' eyes widened at Dean before he looked down at the ground in humiliation.
"Ok… so then why are you hesitant? I mean, I know I'm hot, and you should know by now that your vessel is extremely attractive. So, me and you would work together just fine in any physical aspect!"
Dean was shocked by Castiels suggestion. Neither one knew what the smoothie would do to them, yet Cas was willing to give up himself to save Dean from the distress of another lousy spell. It was flattering, to say the least. But obviously, Dean couldn't let Castiel do that. Naya said that Dean needed to lose for his sake, and of course, Dean would happily die for the angel, but he would never let him know that. What was the best next move? He had to convince the angel to try to win, or else Castiel could lose the game before Dean got the chance. He had to convince Cas to try and win the game, but how? How could he lose the game with Castiel noticing he lost on purpose?
"Dean?" Castiel asked.
Dean did as he was told, placing the gun slowly on the ground before standing up straight again, his hands up in surrender.
"In the flesh, well.. wait, no...Technically I am here but not like actually physically here. I am here though through the help of a hologram." Sam replied.
over Sam and me while we slept before. I'm sure one of us must have sleep talked at one point or another." said Dean.
"Don't worry, Cas." Dean interjected. "We've got plenty of time for talking later. Right now, there's still one last card on the table, and that means we are one card from getting out of this place. Alright?"
"Well... no but-"
"You've said that already Dean, but I don't understand why you are so insistent to watch a film about stars going to war for movie night." Projection Cas said.
"Well, let's start with how you got here in the first place."
"Dean, you have been to heaven, to hell, and to purgatory, but you will never see where angels and demons go when they die." He stated, clear of any emotions in his tone.
Dean gulped. His skin was becoming more flushed by the second.
"Cas, buddy, I'm so glad you're here! What the fuck is going on?" Dean asked the angel.
Sam's smile grew at Dean's typical sarcastic remark. "Ok, point taken. So what's up?"
Dean let out a sigh, allowing Chamuel to continue.
"Oh, can you now? Care to give an example?" Projection Dean asked, leaning in slightly closer to the other man.
Castiel sends his next glare over to her. "No...I was not 'spying.' I only was checking on my son!"
"Then you are in-between!" Castiel stated.
"Well, Dean, he is only three, and I am sure he will mature soon enough. Stop giving yourself so much grief. A lot of toddlers are defiant at this age. It will get better in time." Projection Cas assured him.
Dean's head shot up. "What???" He asked the man.
"Shouldn't we talk about what you just projected?" Dean asked.
Castiel shut him up with a kiss, ending it by putting Dean's lower lip between his teeth and tugging slightly.
"Hopefully not too soon since Jack still needs to take a bath, and I promised to have that done before they got home tonight."
"Because what good would that have done? You hate chick flic moments!" Sam replied with a small smirk.
"I'm not worried about it being able to reach me. I could care less if it could or couldn't. The fact is you gave me an ultimatum, and I picked the option that keeps the Winchesters safe. Also, as you are well aware, the Empty only wants me when I reach a level of true happiness. I doubt that will ever occur if I am stuck in here for eternity, so it won't care if it can't reach me just yet."
"Well, it's not like I had any other choice in the matter, right?"
"Yeperino Cassie. Let's get this show on the road." Gabriel said before turning and heading down the hallway towards the elevators.
Dean laughed and kissed Castiel's forehead. "Uhuh, I am sure you will."
Castiel smiled, blush still covering his entire face. "Dean...Are you saying what I think you are saying?" The angel smirked, which made Dean's heart skip a beat.
The air filled with the sound of wings flapping. Dean knew they definitely weren't Cas' wings because besides perking up at the sound, they didn't shift position.
Castiel's wings were suddenly perked up and attentive; the thousands of obsidian black feathers glistened as they slowly fluttered back and forth in the light. And based on Cas' current facial expression, Dean could only assume this behavior meant joy or happiness or something along those lines.
"What?" Dean replied in annoyance.
Not only had Sammy tidied up all of Dean's shit, but he also evidently changed Dean's bedsheets, remade his bed, and had lit up half a dozen candles which were now sporadically placed around his bedroom.
"I would what now?" Dean snapped.
Cas slide of Dean's lap without a word or a glance. So Dean decided to speak up.
"Oh... great. It's a fucking riddle. What the hell is that supposed to mean?" Dean asked, sighing sarcastically throughout his wording.
"I think I have an idea,"  a low tone male voice stated.
"And why the hell did she tell you that?"
"Oh... I see." Castiel muttered, looking down and pulling himself out of Dean's grasp.
Castiel stormed out of Room two, through the center room, and slammed the door to the bedroom open. Dean followed him a minute or so later. He was slightly thankful that he didn't have to linger in the center room any longer than necessary, considering that was the only place he was spellbound, to tell the truth.
He was the lucky bastard that was supposed to marry Castiel this weekend.
The front door reopened, and the projection of Dean and Cas came strolling in.
"Oh, that's so not fair!" Dean said. He glared at Sammy while his brother looked back with his big wide hazel eyes and pouted lip. "Ok ok fine, whatever, you win. The girls can have our rooms until we can get them back to their own world. I'll be a gentleman, but I damn sure won't be happy about it."
"I didn't think they matched up, but you and Ben were just so similar, and after you left, I wanted to be sure since it all happened the same year. Trust me; I didn't think it would turn out this way either."
"So in your mind,
"You called me a vessel." Dean stated.
After pacing around the bedroom a few times, he was still red hot with rage. Eventually, Dean stopped in front of the bathroom mirror. He hated his reflection and how confused he looked. Without a second thought, he broke the glass with his fist. It hurt like a bitch, but the pain momentarily distracted him from the internal battle going on in his mind.
"No, I wasn't saying that. I just don't want you to have to go through the same mental torture you went through last night..." Castiel replied, looking down at his shoes shifting his left foot across the floor.
Cas re-took his seat beside Jared.
"Ughhh, I thought we went over this before Chamuel!" Dean exclaimed projecting his voice towards the ceiling, not knowing where else to look. "But fine...sure - I will say it again. I hate telling the truth because some parts of me are just better-kept secret. Knowledge is power, and I damn well don't want anyone having power over me. It's easier to lie and move on than, to be honest, and stuck with the damages that the truth causes. There! Are you happy Chamuel?"
Castiel nodded, smiling solemnly back at the man in his arms.
Dean exclaimed.
Castiel finally looked up at Dean again, this time with wide eyes. Somehow the angel seemed shocked that the hunter in front of him could not see the difference between himself and his alternate universe doppelganger. "No, Dean. Jensen is not you. He may look like you, sound like you, act similarly to you, but he is far from being you despite knowing how to portray your character on tv. If you don't remember from your time visiting that world, Jensen grew up in a completely different set of circumstances than you did. He has different parents than you did, different siblings. He grew up without Sam as his brother, and that alone is part of what makes you uniquely you. You practically raised Sam... you gave up your own childhood so that your little brother could have one. The nature and nurture of Jensen's situation was very different from your own. So, no... despite the similarities, Jensen is not you, and you are not him."
Dean began to tense up, not because it was awkward but because of the fact that it wasn't awkward. It was actually quite comforting, and that in its entirety made Dean uncomfortable.
"Oh really, and why not?" He asked in a sassy but annoyed tone.
"Perfect!"
"So Castiel, I assume you made up your mind by now. What did you decide?" Chamuel asked, her hands folded on top of the desk.
"Yes, you can... Look, deep down, you knew how you always truly felt. You knew you were never completely straight. You just didn't want to upset Dad or me or anyone for that matter by admitting it. So you kept it hidden."
Jensen was about to speak, but Cas spoke up first. "Wait, hitched? As in married?"
Castiel nodded again, but this time he didn't say anything.
Dean forced himself to quickly walk out the door before he could second guess himself. However, the second he left the room, he tried to turn back around. Those stupid cards were unpredictable; who knows what they'll ask him next. Castiel had followed directly behind the hunter, thus blocking his pathway back to the door. Not that it would have mattered anyway. The moment Castiel crossed through the doorway, the door slammed shut behind him. The only way to leave this room now was to get through the questions.
"No, well, not exactly. There were rumors in heaven about her existence for a very long time, but I never thought much about it. They were just like folklore or fairytales, stories you tell to keep the angels entertained. They had no merit to them. Well... at least I thought they didn't." Castiel replied stoically. His eyes never leaving the women.
"I don't... I don't understand. How can I possibly be here if you never ended up making a deal with a demon to save your brother's life? Without that deal, you wouldn't have gone to hell, and you and I would have never crossed paths."
Jack seemed to ponder this question as if it was a very serious matter before looking up and smiling at Castiel. "Papa in charge!"
"Try me!" Samantha insisted, pushing the knife a bit closer to Dean's skin, making him tilt his head at a very uncomfortable angle.
"Fine, BUT if you don't tell me, I won't tell you!" Dean stated, folding his arms like a bratty toddler.
"Omael, I know that name." Castiel said.
times, like last night, for example, my team and I figured privacy was essential considering the circumstances."
"I know, brother." She replied calmly.
"No, you are correct; she was the one who quoted me wrong."
"She was bonded to you by a mark. However, I already had marked you long before she was even out of that damn cage ."
"Just complete the game, the loser drinks the smoothie over there, and the door will unlock. Best of luck, boys!" She winked at Dean, and in a blink, she was gone.
"IT JUST IS!" Castiel exclaimed as he stood up. Obviously, bringing up whatever had happened to him last night had pinched a nerve.
"Castiel, they are cards. She has no control of which one we pull." Dean picked up a card to prove his point, but the card was blank. He quickly picked up another and another and another. All of them were blank.
Castiel looked Dean up and down like he was trying to size the hunter up, trying to anticipate his reaction or something. That's when his eyes landed on the blade still gripped tightly in Dean's hand.
"There is no need to apologize. Your assumptions are entirely understandable. How could you have possibly guessed that Gabriel would send me to the Caribbean? I don't blame you for doubting me. But I'm here now, Dean, so please tell me what that act means to you? For us? Am I too late, or are your feelings the same for me as they were six months ago?" Castiel asked, a bit nervous that maybe he was too late. Maybe Dean gave up hope for them months ago. But he had to find out. He had to know the truth.
All these questions raced through Castiel's mind, and it rendered him speechless. Castiel glanced to the side to see if Dean's door was there, but the door Castiel came through was the only one on this side of the entire hallway.
"Hope? What do you mean by hope?" Castiel asked in response, looking directly at Dean.
When Dean finally woke up, he didn't continue to question Castiel about his ordeal with Chamuel, which Castiel was internally thankful for.
Suddenly the door front door opened, and none other than the stupid large moose that Dean has for a brother walks in.
Dean was just about to ask what exactly was in the tubes, but of course, Castiel cut in instead. The feathered fly boy really did know how to mess up Dean's timing.
It was oddly silent between the two of them. Neither one said anything, but the tension between them filled the small outlet of the cave.
"Uhuh, tell me something I don't already know, Cas, like why the hell you suddenly have wings."
"You're joking, right? Because if it's a joke, no one here is enjoying it."
Dean slammed a hand down on the table. Making both women jump a bit. "THAT'S ALL HE EVER TRIES TO DO." He yelled and then sighed to calm himself down. "I don't deserve his help... I don't deserve any of your help. So why don't all three of you just head home and focus on your own damn lives? No point in worrying about the one that's already fucking broken beyond repair."
"I don't know how to say it other than just jump to the point...You're Ben's father, Dean."
"Dean, I think... I think I should be the one to lose this game... you already despise the spell that got put on you. I can take a hit this time around." Castiel said while fidgeting in his stance.
Castiel figured that he would rather not know because it could go one of two ways if he did know. But, unfortunately, both ways ended badly for him. The first option was that Dean did not feel the same way about Castiel, and thus, confronting it head-on would only bring him heartbreak and pain. The second option was that Dean did feel the same way about him, which would bring him true happiness. And if he became truly happy, then he would soon become truly dead since he had made that deal with the Empty.
Castiel's eyes became a bit glassy as his statue-like posture gave out a little. "I... I honestly don't know. Sometimes I think that they might, but the person is hard to read."
Dean almost started crying right then and there. But, instead, his eyes were filling with tears of joy, and he was overcome with emotion as the elevator doors opened.
Castiel's pupils expanded in fear while his wings fluffed up a bit before folding behind his back in what Dean assumed was resignation.
"What are you doing here, Gabriel?" Castiel glared, still standing in the same place but now he had moved his head to look at his archangel of a brother.
"Do you wanna know why I left you, Dean, after your 'big confession'?" Cas said, using the stupid air quotes thing again. "I left because you obviously don't feel the same way for me as I did for you, considering you had intercourse with a mere copy of me!"
The room behind door number one looked exactly like the rest of the cave did so far... it was pitch black. The darkness seemed to a reoccurring theme throughout this quest, and Dean was getting sick of it. It reminded him of when he and Sammy were kids, and he had to act the part of the parent who checked Sammy's closet for monsters. Even as a kid, Dean knew all about the evil that existed in the world, though he tried to keep Sam oblivious to it for as long as possible. Kids deserve to be kids, and Dean never had that luxury. He hated the dark back then, which made him all the more warry of it now. You never knew what was really lurking in there.
"Appreciate them?" Castiel said finishing Dean's statement.
Dean closed his eyes for a second in an attempt to calm the still building anger inside him. However, it did seem to do any good. Dean opened his eyes again to see Cas stepping closer to him. And that was the straw that broke the camel's back.
"They reminded me a lot of an animated interpretation of how your eyes look in real life."
All of Dean's typical instincts and anger of being kept out of the loop pointed him to sleeping on the floor. But when he went to move in that direction, he found himself crawling into the bed on the side opposite of Castiel.
"I'm not entirely sure." Cassie admitted looking distraught by her lack of insight into the situation.
Castiel would have to play along to leave whatever dimension this was.
After showering, putting on a T-shirt and boxers, and brushing his teeth, he came out of the bathroom to find Castiel was already in bed. Cas was wearing glasses and reading a novel by the light of the bedside lamp. When Dean got far enough into the room, he looked up from his book and smiled.
"Japan..." Dean said, horrified. That would be one long-ass flight, and he really hoped that Chamuel wouldn't keep him in this dimension that long. "Oh... yeah, for the honeymoon. Sorry, it completed slipped my mind. Those pills must've done a number on me cause my memory is all a bit fogged up." Dean lied again.
"Well, isn't this just fan-freaking-tastic!" Dean mumbled to himself. "I'm either blind, or it's just extremely dark in here."
Dean and Castiel sat in the adjacent seats in the center room and attempted to begin the third round of truth questions. But before Dean could lift a card, a voice came over the hidden speaker system.
Castiel thought for a moment. "I can't think of any examples of Sam talking in his sleep... but now that I think about it, I do recall a period of time where you would say a few words while in slumber." He replied.
"Of course, man." Dean reached across to pat Castiel on the shoulder, but his hand lingered a little longer than he had intended. They also ended up staring into one another eyes longer than Dean wanted to admit.
Castiel looked at the mat then back at Dean.
Dean smiled. "Yeah, you know, it's another way to say have sex, do the do, fuck -"
"Yeah-sure and the boulders that almost crushed me earlier were made of paper mache." Dean replied sarcastically.
"CASSIE IS CAS DEAN… Cassiel is Deanna's and Samantha's version of our universes, Castiel."
"Pardon?"
"Well, at least you have a choice in the matter cause I sure as hell don't."
"Okay, my dudes, so for this task, you will see a computer monitor or desktop, if you will, in front of you. In a few moments, a series of images will flash before you. All you have to do is look at the image on the screen, and you will be done with room numero three." Rachel stated.
"No catch, I just wanna help. It's not every day that your older brother gets to reunite with his ex-angel, now human boyfriend."
Castiel didn't answer. Instead, he moved from propping himself up on his elbows to his hands, putting even more space between their two bodies while simultaneously pushing their flush closer together.
"Ok, ok, I get it...please just stop!" Castiel interrupted. "How about you just guess a number, and we can count up from there..."
"Ok, now if you are done being defiant, let's hurry and get you clean before..." outside, there was the sound of a car pulling up the driveway.
Dean and Cas walked into the center room with strange energy flowing between them. But considering that they both had just kissed each other for the first time, the odd tension between them could only be expected.
"We don't have any living relatives on Dad's side of the family, Dea." Samantha responded. "Dad was an only child, his Dad was an only child, and if I remember correctly, our great grandfather only had one sister, so the last name of Winchester wouldn't have been passed down to anyone but us. So to answer your question, no, I don't think we are related to these men."
"Nah, man, I mean me and Amara had that thing going for a while, so the darkness doesn't really affect me ." It wasn't a total lie; Dean didn't fear the darkness as much as he had when he was younger. However, his weird link to Amara actually had nothing to do with his new comfortableness in dark spaces; that came through time and experience. But Dean didn't really want to have a full-on heart-to-heart chat about his childhood with Cas at the moment. So, he gave the angel the answer that his odd celestial brain would find to be a relatively reasonable response.
Castiel scoffed in response. "You didn't have to ask."
"First off, Dean, you aren't a virgin. You aren't even close to a virgin. Second, how do you not see what's going on here?" Sam asked.
Chamuel snapped her fingers before Dean could finish his sentence, and in a snap, Castiel's arms were empty.
Seeing Dean laying next to his own vomit was the last straw for Sammy. He went to clean up the bathroom after draping his brother's arm over his shoulder and dragging him safely into his bed. Surprisingly, cleaning up his brother's mess was not only disgusting but it was also an enlightening experience. In other words, the ordeal gave Sam an idea.
"Dean... please tell me what it is you want right now?" Castiel asked, still stuttering a bit while trying to catch his breath from their kiss.
"You... you kissed a man?" He tried to ask calmly.
Deanna unfolded her arms and moved one hand up to her face to message her head because this whole experience was headache-inducing. "Okay, but like seriously, what's the possibility of there being another pair of Winchester siblings - in America - in the same business that we are - named Sam and Dean? I mean, I suck at math and only have a GED, but it has to be like .00000001%, right?" She asked.
"Yes, it's a yes!" Dean quickly put his hands over his mouth before he ended up saying anything else.
"I… uh… I…" Dean stuttered, but before he could respond, she started talking again.
Once Dean got back to the bunker, he rushed over to his room and was shocked to find it was now completely spotless. Sam seriously was a miracle worker with cleaning supplies, apparently.
Fake Dean must've noticed Castiel's confusion because he suddenly spoke up. "It's me, Mish. This is my bachelor party. Geesh, how hard did you hit your head?" He asked, showing a bit more concern on his face.
"You would like that, wouldn't you, you sick son of a  –" Deanna started to say but was interrupted by her sister before she could finish delivering her line.
After Donna, Jody, and Garth had paid him that visit, Dean had stepped up and accepted his situation for what it was. It sucked, but he still had a life to live.
Sam and Jack had supposedly gone to bed hours ago, so that probably meant that Cas was the one currently rustling about in the kitchen.
"Oh yeah, cause Chamuel definitely sees my comfort level as her top priority! No, Cas... let's not waste our breath with her. Now watch and learn because I'm going to show you what a real montage looks like." Dean plastered on a fake cocky grin.
Dean gulped. How the hell were they going to get out of this one?....
"It usually doesn't take me that long to get a boy's attention, but I guess you two are an exception to that rule. Aren't you?" She grinned at them.
"But I don't wanna be the bigger person! What I want is to sleep in my own damn room on my own damn bed!" Dean stomped his foot.
Without breaking the kiss, Castiel slowly led Dean back towards the bed until the back of Dean's knees hit the edge of it.
Castiel smiled and lunged into a quick hug around Dean's neck. "Thank you!"
Castiel made his way in with Gabriel at 6:02 while Dean was still standing near the door talking to a group of people. Cas rushed up to Dean, breathing heavily.
"Trying to what, Dean?" Castiel cut him off. "Trying to exploit my emotions for you further than you just did a few minutes ago? Trying to leave this cave because you can't stand being stuck with me any longer than you have to? Trying to be a selfish assbutt? You know what? BITE ME, DEAN."
"No... No, I do not." Castiel replied.
"Like in my entire life?" Dean asked, attempting to mentally make a list of which girls he kissed.
"You are exactly right, Castiel. Five Rounds, each round containing a set of questions and a corresponding numbered door. However, after each round, you are permitted a break. Time works differently here, so I highly suggest that you take the break and rest for the night after completing each of the five stages. This will provide you time to process the events that occurred beforehand. During those breaks, the sixth door labeled as room in Enochian will be unlocked. It will serve as your living quarters until your program is complete!"
"Oooo, ok, now we're getting somewhere." She exclaimed.
"But... if you or Sam ever get injured, I won't - I won't be able to heal you, and-"
Castiel turned around swiftly with a scowl on his face. "How about you STOP acting like we're friends, and we just go finish this next round so we can be one step closer to going our 'separate' ways."
"I just closed my eyes and imagined what my ideal reality would be in my mind's eye." Castiel explained.
"... Yes, of course... I just meant I want to be able to truly appreciate your body and soul that night, and if that means we have to starve ourselves of sex, then so be it."
"In your universe, yes. But in our universe, this room belongs to Jack. And as Cassiel mentioned earlier, it seems that each of us matches another. Sam with Samantha, Dean with Deanna, and Cassiel with me. However, Cassiel and I are angels, so we don't have souls like humans do, but I recognize her grace as my own. In other words, since I saw Jack playing around with opening up rifts, I have to assume that he and maybe Jane may have done something that brought us all together here."
Room three was lit, just like room two had been, but this one had a different layout. There were two cubicles, each with a desk, a chair, and a desktop computer inside of it.
"So then what exactly are you getting at Samuel?" the witch asked; she was extremely curious as to where this was going because, as of the current moment, she had no idea which way this boy's mind was heading.
"No, we should not."
"Well, I have personally spent years of time around you, and as for Chamuel, she seems to be fascinated by the study of human behavior, so it would make sense that she could predict your behavior as well."
"More like super honesty." O'Malley stated, with an immensely smug tone of voice.
Dean opened his mouth either to question what Cas was up to or to protest the space between them. Either way, Dean didn't get a chance to speak before Cas was thrusting his hips back and forth, his length moving quickly inside Dean's hand across his own erection.
"That's ridiculous, Cas."
"So then what is there to discuss?" Castiel asked.
"What the fuck, man, why do you always have to be such a cock block? We are brothers. We are supposed to be each other wing man's not each other virgin accountability reminder!" Dean complained.
3 Months Later
" Well, if that's the case, why did you fly over when you thought I had summoned you?" Dean said, finally breaking the silence.
"... So, how did you even get back here then?"
Castiel laughed and moved his head up so that his lips were now ghosting Dean's own. Which made Dean's breath hitch and eyes fall close from the sensation.
"See, was that really that hard?"
"It's my dream reality; therefore, none of our friends had to die tragically, and Jack didn't feel the need to grow up so quickly after being born. He is three here, which is how old he would have been if Chuck hadn't..." Castiel stopped.
"I see..." Castiel kicked a rock on the ground. "Well, if it's a game you want, then I say we both play to win, fairly. Whoever loses drinks the smoothie, and we call in a night."
"GIRLS...I've only kissed girls!" Dean clarified a bit too quickly.
"What was that,
Castiel glared directly into Theo's eyes. "You're lying."
After a minute or two of kissing, both longed for more, but both were hesitant to go any further without discussing what was going on between them. However, that didn't stop Dean from involuntary thrusting his hips up into Castiel.
"Yes, which is exactly why I have to follow them. I know you don't understand yet, but you will. Take a minute and come see me for your assignment whenever you're ready."
Jack stuck his tongue out at Kevin, who just mimicked the action back, causing the toddler to giggle again.
Samantha's eyes shifted back and forth between the two men before she spoke up again. "So wait... Sam?" she pointed to Sammy, who could only nod at her. "And ... Dean?" her gaze and pointer finger shifted over towards him.
"Well, it didn't sound like it based on your response."
"This round will be a bit different than the others." Chamuel replied, somewhat avoiding Dean's question.
Dean ran his left hand over his face in frustration. He shifted his eyes up and down Castiel's figure until the two finally made eye contact.  "What... what did you mean by what you just said?" Dean asked, stuttering along with his words a bit. If he were honest with himself, he would have realized that he was somewhat nervous to know Castiel's answer.
At first, Cas didn't move. He was confused at all the mixed signals Dean had given him. But it didn't take long for him to wrap his head around what was going on. And finally, he allowed himself to melt into kissing the hunter.
"Maybe we should take you a doctor, man. You're looking kinda pale." Jensen stated.
"What the hell is the game here anyway? What do I need to do to get back?" Dean asked.
"No, no, trust me, the flowers are great... I really enjoy the Ummm..." Dean desperately tried to remember what these specific flowers were called, but nothing came to mind. "I really like the colors that the flowers are. You did good."
"Well...If you want to talk about it later, I'll leave my hotel room unlocked for you. Room 717. Remember that number, and maybe we can do a bit more than just talking."  Jensen whispered into Castiel's ear before taking a step back and winking at Castiel. He then turned around and headed towards the bar, leaving Castiel standing there.
"But what if he does? What if he does, and what if he reveals his feelings in my jurisdiction? If that occurs, then the moment you leave this cave is the moment the Empty will come for you... I cannot put any client of mine into such a dangerous situation." Chamuel responded.
"You are acting like a child Dean!"
"Well, no shit, sherlock, but how do two people combine? I mean, the only way I can think of two people combining is through se- ..." Dean trailed off for a second before Castiel thankfully intervened.
Garth made his way into the bunker and over to Dean's room, per Sam's instruction. He surprised himself by finding Dean's room relatively quickly and proceeded to knock on his door.
"Down boy," Chamuel said snarkily with a small smirk on her face as if she liked getting this kind of rise out of the hunter. "You're not stuck here. Once you finish this round, you are free to leave."
"Yep, that's Jo, and Ellen is somewhere in the back cooking." He answered.
"Ok, come on, Tweedle Dea and Tweedle Dean, let's get started on research while we let thing one and thing two go back to sleep for a bit. I imagine they are both pretty exhausted after performing such an intense spell." Samantha said as she ushered the other five adults out of Jack's bedroom.
"Uhuh... sure. What's the task then??" Dean asked, folding his arms, sending a glare back at Rachel.
"Yes!" Kevin called, running out of one of the downstairs corridors and back into the entry room. "Where was he this time?"
"Naya?" Castiel asked.
Wait... no, no, no, this couldn't be happening. This wasn't real. Jensen wasn't Dean. Jensen wasn't his Dean. This Jensen was getting married tomorrow. It wasn't right. But the kiss had felt so good, but now when Jensen started to kiss him again, Castiel couldn't get the thought out of his head that this wasn't his Dean if he couldn't have the real thing, why tempt himself with something that wasn't his. He wanted all or nothing, which meant that he couldn't go through with this.
"What exactly do you think it means when it says 'montage time'?" Castiel asked.
Cas took a few steps forward towards Dean, but Dean took a few steps back in return. It may have not been an intentional reaction on Dean's part, but it was still a response, nonetheless.
"Well, I do assume that Castiel must remember me!" Theo stated, directing his gaze towards the other angel.
The man who must have been the one talking to them in the dark stood behind the table. He was working with a dropper and some green liquid.
"I DON'T GIVE A FUCK ABOUT ETHICS HERE" Dean cut the female archangel off.
"You are getting married tomorrow, and it just... it doesn't seem right."
To Dean, this game seemed to come straight out of a chick flick, and he hated those with a passion. Castiel, however, seemed to be enjoying this, which only made Dean more irritated. He could be off solving a case with or finding a way to fight Chuck, but NOOOOOOO; instead, he was trapped in a furnished cave and forced to play a child's game.
Sam brought his hand up to his face and used his thumb and pointer finger to massage the bridge of his nose because this entire debacle was giving him a migraine. "Let me try saying this a different way – she is an angel… named Cassie… who apparently raised a girl named Deanna Winchester from hell. Does that ring any bells for you?"
After counting up from 150, Dean and Cas had both learned that Dean kissed exactly 179 women. Castiel wasn't happy about it, but Dean wore it as a badge of honor!
. Dean thought to himself.
"This is ridiculous. Maybe you just didn't push the door hard enough." With stunning accuracy, Dean reached out to where he had heard Castiel try the door handle.
Castiel rolled his eyes playfully. "But Dean, there is something I need to tell you first. After the game is over, I have to-" Castiel started to say. He needed to tell Dean that he would have to stay in the cave after the game was finished. He couldn't leave since Chamuel refused to let the Empty kill him. But Dean stopped him before he could tell the hunter about the deal.
"Yeah, Mish." Jensen laughed. "That's typically what a bachelor party is for."
"No... I mean no, I remember you saying that, but I..."
What was he supposed to do? Did Chamuel expect him to marry alternate dimension Cas and then come back to the cave and be like,
"Well, yes, I assumed what you meant, but I think we can both agree now that my assumption was correct." She smirked over the desk at him.
"Excuse me, I'm the one with the gun here, so I get to call the shots, sweetheart! So why don't you get to explaining what the hell are you doing here?" Dean responded.
Dean buried his face into Donna's shoulder. For the first time in two months, he allowed himself to feel the pain of Cas not coming back for him; he allowed himself to breakdown and Donna's arms and cry.
Dean averted his eyes from Castiel's stare and looked down towards the ring of fire that Castiel was still standing in.
"Lady, we don't have issues. And even if we did, that isn't any of your business." Dean said, starting to feel more annoyed.
Enjoy!
When Dean refocused his attention, he saw that Cas was now standing over beside door number one. "Are you ready?" he asked Dean.
"Nope - not gonna happen!" Dean responded, positioning himself a bit in front of Castiel.
"Little man, I think you and I both know who is going to win this argument, especially since your entire vocabulary consists of at most 50 decent words, none of which will compel me to change my mind, though."
Dean felt sick to his stomach, so he asked Cas where he should check into his room.
"Yeah, well, sort of. I guess intimate is the right word, but-"
After a minute of silence, though, Dean had gotten annoyed of being stuck alone in his own thoughts. He preferred to stay out of his emotional headspace at all cost. So, even if the memory frozen before them was a brief happy moment, it still served as a reminder to Dean that his mother was gone now...for the second time.
"I'm trying just to give you a bit of a heads up, broheim."
Castiel rolled his eyes and scoffed at Dean's response.
"You matter, Dean. Without you and your brother, all three of us wouldn't be standing here today. You boys saved us all in more ways than one." Jody said, placing a comforting hand on Dean's arm.
"Then let's just move forward." Castiel followed the hunter's previous mannerisms and picked up the next card, reading it aloud before Dean had a chance to speak again. - "Why do you hate telling others the truth?"
He had always wanted to play twister with another person, but he didn't think that his dream would ever come true until now.
"Actually, Dea, it kinda does!" Samantha stated.
"Ummm... yes?... I believe I hit my head on the doorframe when you pulled me out here." Castiel replied, rubbing the side of his head.
Castiel was the one to first break the kiss. "I'm sorry," he said before kissing him Dean again swiftly. "I should have" another kiss. "I should've trusted you." and another. "I couldn't believe that what you said was true, despite the honesty potions we both took... and I am so sorry, Dean. I should have believed you from the start." Castiel said all at once, breaking their kiss to stare and admire the man holding on to him.
"What's wrong, Cas?" He asked, putting a hand on his back out of concern. The angel looked like he was about to pass out.
"Fine... You left this at my house a couple of years back." She handed him a hairbrush.
But since this was his last day with Dean, he was going to make it mean something. Nothing was holding him back now.
"...I'm not sure, they typically exist in a plane of existence parallel to this one; that way, they are with me but aren't seen by the naked eye. The only time humans tend to get a glimpse of them is when an angel is revealing his or herself in their true nature."
"No... there is nothing more to admit than that..."
"Program?" Castiel asked, but Chamuel didn't respond.
Despite Dean's lack of sympathy for his brother, Sam would continuously come to his bedroom door and try to coax Dean out. The Moose even attempted to bribe Dean out with the promise of pie, which didn't work! Long story short, though, Dean still got the pie by sneaking out and stealing it from the fridge.
"And why the hell not? You got me into this mess, so get me out of it!" Dean said.
"Come again, in smaller words this time around."
Without giving it a second thought, Dean took off running down the hall. He had to make sure that his little brother was alright. Apparently, Deanna had a similar idea because she was following close behind him. Dean made a mental note to deal with her later. Sam would always be Dean's top priority, plus maybe his genius of a brother would be able to tell him what the hell was going on here.
"WELL, THEN YOU ARE NATURALLY A BRAT!" Sami yelled back at her from out in the hallway.
"YES!!" Castiel exclaimed way too loudly.
Since Cas still remained quiet and distant, Dean had to assume that the angel was still giving him the silent treatment. So to break the tension, the hunter decided to give Cas a little push.
Dean smiled with tears still glistening in his eyes. He grabbed the wrist of the hand the Castiel was still using to cup Dean's face and pulled his hand away gently.
Dean stroked a hand through the hair on of Castiel's head. "Hey... Hey, why the waterworks?" He asked, smiling fondly at the angel in his arms and using his thumb to wiping away Cas' tears.
"Alright, well...here goes nothing!" Dean dropped the jacket covering the flames that went underneath it. Castiel quickly leaped across the jacket and straight into Dean's chest, causing the two men to fall to the ground, one on top of the other.
Dean gulped but shuffled over and into the bed.
Hint: This chapter will lead us into the next and in that chapter things may get kinda steamy! Stay tuned ;)
Castiel turned to face Dean with a joyful expression on his face, but Dean stood silently staring in shock at the game on the floor.
"No, it's not. Sadly Chamuel didn't agree to that when I suggested it."
"... Yes."
"Because, as she told us earlier, we don't have any other option. And if her intentions are what she says them to be, then maybe this feud between us can finally be put to rest." Castiel said, looking down. "And I actually quite like playing board games."
"No!" Dean exclaimed, interrupting Chamuel.
"And what the fuck is that suppose to mean?" Dean replied, his tone growing more and more frustrated with the angel's actions.
"V-very much so... I - oh- I really like the thrusting."
Jack's eyes widened, "There is?"
"Yeah…"
"Honestly... I don't know... but at the moment, it's all we got."
"I see... I guess I don't understand the term 'soulmate.' How are souls even suppose to mate? They can do a lot of things, but mate isn't one of them. Souls can become intertwined or linked or bonded with one another, but mating is the wrong term. Only two beings in the same physical plane of existence can mate through the act of..."
It was hard enough growing up without a mother and having to raise Sammy on his own. Still, the moment Amara brought back Mary, Dean had felt like a massive piece of the puzzle that was his life had finally fallen into place.
And just like that, Castiel's hips stuttered. His lips formed an 'O' as he came across Dean's chest. His dick was twitching throughout his release on top of Dean's own length.
The real Dean and Cas could do nothing but watch all this unfold.
"As I said, Dean," Chamuel replied sternly, "time here works differently, as do many other things. For example, Castiel's grace or what is left of it will have little to no power here. He will basically be human until this program is completed. You will also find that you won't desire to eat or drink while you are here. But you will still need to sleep. I find that sleep is an important part of this process since it allows one's mind to readjust and adapt to any occurrence of the day."
Sam had no idea how to help his brother this time, especially considering his last attempt to help Dean ended up making everything so much worse. What Sam did know, however, was that whatever he did to help Dean this time, he couldn't go about it alone. He needed help. But from who? The majority of people the Winchester brothers cared about had been dead for years now. Friends weren't exactly easy to keep when working in this line of business. Nonetheless, Sam was able to think of a few breathing people who may help him out.
gave you that idea?" Dean replied sarcastically.
"About what?"
Projection Dean rolled his eyes and put the palm of his hand up to his forehead. Projection Castiel decided that now was as good of a time as any to jump into this battle by picking up Jack and handing him over to Sam. "Jack, you know that all adults around here are in charge. We make rules to keep you safe, now go with Uncle Sam and take a bath without any fuss, or else De will not read you a book before bed tonight." Projection Cas said.
"... why didn't you sleep with him?"
"Ehhhh. Checking on and spying on…  kinda the same thing!" Deanna retaliated.
"I... I umm..." Castiel began saying, but Rachel cut him off.
"And you assumed that..."
"You assumed I would want to stay with Dean." Castiel stated. It was his turn to be confused now. Didn't they know by now that he would choose to keep Dean safe over himself? Isn't that what they wanted him to do? Trap him into a corner and force him into the program.
Castiel yawned, still obviously waking up, he had hardly gotten any sleep last night, and his face was a testament to that.
"Uh no, I mean a bar is a bar, but that particular memory doesn't really make me feel all warm and fuzzy inside, so I spiced it up just a bit. Enough to make it so that I wasn't constantly reminded about Micheal." Dean explained.
"So like an arranged marriage?" Dean questioned, looking sympathetically at the still enraged Castiel.
Dean walked into the room, grabbed a pillow and blanket from off the bed, and started getting situated on the floor. Laying down, he could hear the sound of the springs in the bed behind him and assumed that Cas was trying to get comfortable as well.
"Can we both agree that that rule still stands?"
"Come on, Cassie... all is fair in love and war." Gabriel whispered to his brother so that Dean was none the wiser.
"We were a team. You made it clear that that is in the past now." Castiel replied.
"Typically, I would agree with you on that, Dean, but based on the circumstances here... I am afraid I must insist." Chamuel replied.
"Ughhh, I don't know, man... it's just... god... I hate this. Chamuel must have some sort of vendetta out against me or some shit. Also, why the hell do I have to show 7? That's an extremely specific number."
Damn it! Of course, the angel would ask the exact type of question I had mentally asked him not to ask me. How do I even answer this? I honestly hate honesty.
Deanna rolled her eyes. "I'm not stupid Castiel, I know angels don't sleep."
"You're different." Castiel commented calmly.
"Umm, yes, I do. It's who I am!"
"Ok?"
Dean couldn't help himself and ended up hugging her back as a tear slid down his face.
The room became silent again. Obviously, Cas either couldn't think of a witty comeback, or he was inspecting the door that lied ahead of them. Regardless, the silence was once again deafening to Dean's ears. Especially since his eyesight was completely useless at the moment. So... Dean decided to impatiently break the silence.
"What's up, Cas?..." Dean asked, unsure of the sudden distancing.
"Somewhat... Think of it more as illusion creation. It will feel like you are really somewhere when you will. In reality, you will still be in the cave." O'Malley responded.
"Sorry about the delay. I didn't mean to leave you guys in the dark for so long, quite literally speaking!" O'Malley said with an air of light laughter throughout his wording. "But I needed to see you both in action before I finalized the measurements for everything." He said with a head tilt referencing the two beakers in front of him. One was the green one that Dean had noticed early, and the other beside it was a deep blue color.
"I am on your side Dea, I am always on your side, but your sister is right. We need to figure out what is going on here before we dive headfirst into any type of violence."
This confession seemed to make Samantha's confidence stutter for a second. Meanwhile, Sam sat in his desk chair helpless, tilting his head to the side in confusion at the whole situation.
"Well then, what is it exactly?" Dean's tone was meant to mimic that of the angel's deep gruff voice, but he failed miserably.
Why would Chamuel do this to him? Make him see Dean get married? Make him reunite with people he never thought he would see again?  It was all an awful lot to process.
Both Dean and Castiel stared at Gabriel in question. Neither was sure if they could talk yet.
Dean followed Castiel over to the card table, and soon enough, they were both seated across from one another once again. Despite Castiel's wings still shaking, they seemed to rest comfortably over the back of the chair, which made Dean wonder if Chamuel knew that Cas' wings might randomly appear or something. The height was a bit too perfect for it to be coincidental.
As soon as Dean had finished ranting on how much he hated this entire experience, they both heard a brief clicking sound.
Hunting helped. It always had. And every minute that Dean wasn't hunting, he spent his time searching the internet for a new case. Some things never change.
"Confusing you was never my goal, so I will be blunt. It's your turn now." Cas deadpanned, letting Dean know that it would be wise to move on.
"Ok, but Jack, why did you combine the two bunkers in the first place?" Castiel asked in a calm but authoritative tone.
"Did I not just say that calling it 'A Thing'  is the only way I can describe it..."
"I understand, Dean."
"It's not that bad, Dean. We have had to share a room before." Castiel replied.
"Well, saying thank you is what most cultures believe is acceptable when responding to a compliment."
"I highly doubt that, but fine I'll bite. What you got?"
Dean opened his mouth to speak, but no words came out.
"Are you tempting me to be the first? Cause I will, just in spite of that bitch." Dean replied, grinning like an evil scientist.
"We... Ummm.. we haven't exactly figured out how to separate the two bunkers yet. We thought we would have more time to find the correct spell! Bringing them together was easy. All we had to do was say the spell simultaneously to bring both our bunkers together! But as far as I know, there isn't a reversal spell... well, at least there wasn't one in the spellbook Jane and I used." Jack explained.
"Yes, technically speaking, I am the angel of Thursdays."
In other words, Dean needed to start hunting again!
"What just happened? It was just starting to get interesting!" Dean exclaimed.
"I wish I could tell you that it wasn't all the time, but that would be a lie, and we just met, so I would prefer to remain honest. So, the answer to your question is, yes, it is always like that with those two!" Cassie replied.
5. Lastly, I hope you enjoy this chapter. It especially took a long time, but I think it turned out alright. Feel free to give me any feedback. I love both positive and constructive criticism. Basically, I love hearing from you guys. Y'all are awesome.
"Well,... umm... thank you... I guess. But like, what did you think about me after first speaking to me? Put aside my sparkling soul or whatever."
"Alright then, well, for what its worth, she or hell, he is a lucky person!" Dean smiled genuinely at Castiel.
Castiel's arms wrapped around the back of Dean's neck as the angel kissed him passionately.
Castiel couldn't help but let out a whimper from Dean's words. He rested his forehead on Dean's. At this moment, Dean was the most open he had ever been towards Castiel, and it turns out they didn't need a truth potion to make it happen.
When he reached the dining room, employees were scurrying around like ants in a broken anthill. Dean wanted to ask if anyone needed any help from him, but he decided against it since he would probably be no help whatsoever since he never went to a wedding before unless he counted when Sam was forced to marry Becky, which he did not.
"Astute observation Dean, something IS going on, which is why I went to check up on Jack when a flash of light filled the bunker about half an hour ago!" Castiel explained.
"Hello, Samuel? Is everything all right? It's two in the morning...." Rowena said. Somehow the phone only seemed to amplify the woman's already strong accent.
Dean tried to take a chill pill and stop laughing so that he could give Cas an actual explanation."It probably just means something that brings you joy. You know, something that isn't typically joyful to most people."
"Yeah... um, you see Dean, he kinda... you know... refused to take a bath, and when I turned around to fill up the tub, he had run off and hid under Mary's bed." Kevin explained.
"Thank you, Dean." Castiel admitted.
"This honesty spell is trippy, dude. I can't control my tongue, but yes, I did hear you, and sadly you are spot on, but please read the next card before this turns into a sappy moment where I am forced to discuss each of my faults with you... I am sure these cards will make me do that or worse later on. So let's just put this thing in drive and go!" Dean replied hastily. His hands fighting nervously in his lap.
Dean blushed again. "I'm showing you this to you, angel, because as soon as we get out of here, this will be where you and I spend most of our free time! Do you catch my drift?"
"Stop trying to distract me from the current task at hand Dean."
A look of rejection took over Castiel's previous joyful, blushed expression.
"I did... or at least I tried to blame you, but it just didn't stick!" Dean said honestly.
Castiel's face alone was enough to encourage Dean to grab onto the hem of Castiel's boxers and begin sliding them down. He wasn't exactly at an excellent angle to remove them entirely since Cas was still sprawled out on top of him, but Cas seemed to get the idea. He quickly got up off Dean to stand beside the bed again and shed the last article of constricted clothing.
"What will the smoothie do to him?" Castiel mumbled
After a moment or two, Dean squinted one eye open to peek out and make sure the coast was clear and that the blinding light, whatever it was, had ceased completely before he gained the courage to open both of his eyes fully.
"Gladly!" Dean fake curtsied. "Get ready to see just how right I am." Dean closed his eyes and pictured his experiences in room 5.
"Because you don't have a choice in the matter." Chamuel snapped her finger. And suddenly, the two men were sitting next to one another on the couch. She walked behind her desk again and grabbed the chair to roll it over in front of where they were sitting.
"You think my lips are pretty?"
Dean quickly shifted his eyes down to read the numbers. He had no idea what unit they were using or how they could measure the size of someone's pupils, but the number had definitely changed. It went from 0% to 55%! Dean may have never gone to college, but he could understand that 55% was definitely bigger than 0%.
Dean quickly looked up, extremely confused by what he had just heard. But before he could ask, Cas had left the room.
"No, don't
"I don't exactly agree with that logic, but I do understand your reasoning..." Castiel responded. "So for us to be done with this room, we have to kiss for a little over 6 minutes or so?" Cas asked.
Castiel continued to watch the slab of rock move upwards, finally revealing another tunnel leading in the opposite direction from which Dean had come.
"It's somewhat similar to the bar Micheal has you trapped in inside your mind, but it's not exactly the same, right?" Castiel asked.
"Let's just dive right in!" Dean said with a grin. He hadn't gotten off of the joyful high he had gotten from using the projection magic. "Okay, Cas, this is another Picture This card. It says Montage Time - Show your top 5 favorite memories."
Obviously, that puzzle piece didn't stay in place too long, but it was nice to have it there while it lasted.
Dean glanced over at his angel and saw his change in demeanor. Making him stepped in front of Castiel protectively. "And why the fuck not?"
"Yeah, no, I figure as much!" Dean replied. "But you still have yet to tell me what it was that frustrated you."
"... Yes, Dean, I have told you this before."
"Well, I guess there is no use in trying to fight it. The sooner we get this done, the sooner we can answer those stupid questions and get the hell out of here."
Dean let out a loud sigh of relief before walking over and putting his hand on Castiel's shoulder. "Gosh, you don't know how great it is to see you, man." Dean said as he heard the heels of Sarah's shoes clicking as she walked away from them to another part of the lobby.
"What the actual fuck was that?" Dean asked.
This time Cas was the one to take a step back. Dean's change in tone was so sudden and drastic that he couldn't help but step away. Even his wings perked up a bit from the shock of the hunter's behavior.
"It's not that I didn't want to utilize it, Dean; I just didn't see a moment that seemed fit for it." Castiel said.
"I guess, how firm it is, the shape, the way it bounces when they walk, the everything... let's just move on, okay."
Sam reached the bottom of the metal staircase and ended up stopping dead in his tracks.
"Dean... What happened? Are you.." Before Castiel could finish that phrase, a bright light appeared in front of the two men. When the light faded, a figure was standing in its place.
"What?" Dean asked
"OH THANK GOD-You're finally awake!" Dean exclaimed as he hesitantly removed his tight grip from Castiels shoulders and leaned back. He let out a brief sigh of relief.
He hardly knew if Jensen was anything like his Dean, but that was all he really had to go off of. Thankfully Castiel was the last one left to give a speech, so maybe he could just build off what everyone else had said.
"Our souls?" Samantha questioned.
"Welcome to my world, pal; I've been saying that the entire time. But just tell me what it says anyway."
"Wait... what... but I don't have any money to co-own anything."
"Haha, okay, I get the picture... I am usually more forward than this. I'm sorry I-I have a lot going through my mind. But if... if you wanna do-"
"Don't act dumb Cas, you know exactly what my question entails!"
or whatever the hell you call this experience? How long were you even listening for
"Huh... Well, damn, that's an easy question, I thought they were going to exploit my honesty here, but I guess they missed their opportunity. HAha!" said Dean grinning to himself. Maybe this wouldn't be so bad after all. Castiel knew him well enough to know his fears.
"Nope, Dean's right. This type of heaven is one of the physical realm, not the spiritual. But I will let Dean explain that to you. The door will unlock after your seven minutes are up."
"My first impression of you was how illuminated your soul was." Castiel answered.
"What?" Dean repeated this time sounding less annoyed.
Projection Cas grinned and began leaning in towards the hunter, and suddenly the entire image faded away. Both the real Dean and Cas were back in the cave again.
"No, don't, but De me, who is in charge around here?"
Castiel directed his glare towards Dean in response.
Dean looked at Castiel, shocked that he had caved in so easily. Why would he want to comply with a reclusive archangel who doesn't know the meaning of boundaries? 'I guess both Chamuel and Castiel have that in common." Dean thought to himself while still staring at Castiel.
"What the hell Cas? You had no idea what was in that. Are you insane? You could be a dead man walking now for all we know." Dean stated.
"But De..." Jack began.
"Yes, Cas is a shortened version of my name." He deadpanned, making Dean roll his eyes.
"You want to know what I want, Cas?" Dean asked.
Dean cracked a smile at her response. "Damn right, it's a Christmas movie!" He agreed.
"We are only on round two Dean..." Castiel stated. "They still have plenty of time to escalate the questions if they wanted to do so. Plus, if it's anything like round one, you will still have at least one more question after this one before the round is complete "
Finally, Dean saw something. He let out a huge sigh of relief. It was nice to learn that he wasn't blind. It was just dark as hell. He kept inching his way forward and was able to see there was a light at the end of the tunnel. Within a minute or so, his eyes began to adjust to the distant lighting. Which meant he could finally figure out where the hell he was. After a quick glance around, Dean realized that he must be in some sort of cave or mining system. In retrospect, that seemed to make sense, but he still didn't know how he got there in the first place.
"We should probably keep moving." Castiel suggested, finally breaking the silence that seemed so eminent around them lately.
, that makes sense." Dean backtracked.
Both men had played the game to the
"Night bitch!" She called after him.
"Yes, I did." Castiel replied.
"Who's the party for again?" Cas asked, trying to play along but not give himself away.
"Okay, that seems easy enough."Dean closed his eyes and began to picture his dream reality.
"Ummm... I'm Castiel. I am an angel of the Lord, and to answer your previous question, Jack is a Nephilim. He is the son of the archangel Lucifer and a human named Kelly Kline."
Castiel smiled. "You already have me. I've always been yours."
"So, does this change things?" Lisa asked, folding her arms across her chest.
"It's better that I just show you..." Rachel said while pulling a remote out of her back pocket. She moved her fingers over it to click a button at the top of the remote. A projector screen scrolled down from the ceiling, and after a few more clicks, the room became mostly dark.  A few moments later, a projector turned on, and the screen showed a side-by-side comparison view. One side showed a video of Dean sitting in the cubicle, and the alternate side showed what he was viewing on the computer screen.
Theo smirked. "No, that's not why I am here, Dean."
When Castiel opened his eyes to look down, he saw Dean's eyes squinted shut to focus on the task legit in his hand. It was the most beautiful sight to see such a strong hunter come undone underneath him.
"AT LEAST JUST SAY YOU'LL THINK ABOUT IT!" Sam yelled back before hearing the door to the bunker slam shut. "He'll think about it." Sam reassured himself while he picked up their two dishes from breakfast and placed them in the sink.  Once he finished tidying up the kitchen, he headed off to Dean's room to clean up whatever mess was made by the unnatural disaster that was his older brother.
Cas looked back down at him with a dazed expression. Like he was in a state of bliss or on a pill of ecstasy or something.
"What just happened?" Dean asked him.
"Good, and I need you to know before I go that I -"
"You didn't know what else to do? Try hiring a shrink or sending me to the looney bin. Do ANYTHING, but DON'T send me off to some psychotic angel who thinks she is some sort of relationship guru or mental health professional." Dean exclaimed.
Castiel scowled but waited patiently for Dean to begin answering the question.
Dean blinked a few times, forcing himself back to reality. "Huh?? What? I must've just zoned out for a second."
Jody just shrugged while Donna responded. "Well... stranger things have happened, don't ya know?"
There was a fancy wooden desk that looked like something you would find in an executive manager's office or something. The desk had a reader lamp sitting on top of it, and behind it stood rows of bookshelves which were all filled to the brim. There was a long couch in the corner of the room that looked like something Dean saw once in one of Sam's textbooks, but he couldn't remember why there was a couch in any of his textbooks. Sam wanted to be a lawyer when he was younger, not a designer. It didn't make sense.
It wasn't like Dean was a blushing virgin... but this type of intimacy was different because it was Cas, and Dean had never experienced the feeling like he was feeling right now before.
wedding night, right?"
Castiel nodded. He seemed content with Dean's explanation for interrupting his TED talk on the importance of honey bees, so he reached out to pick up the following card. However, this time Cas just stared at it with squinted eyes as he tilted his head.
"Nonetheless, if neither of you has any remaining questions, I suggest you move forward with finishing stage one. My assistants will govern you along the way, and I will check in every so often. I think you are really going to like them."
Castiel and Dean's lips moved in sync with one another. The heat of one another face and chests pressed up against one another. The tension barely melting between each of them because nothing was truly resolved between them. It couldn't be. This was all they could get at this level. Anything else would bring Castiel true happiness and thus bring the empty to take Castiel away from Dean. This was the best that either of them could get currently from one another.
He quickly closed the space between them. Meeting Castiels lips full of hunger and passion, which he didn't even know fully existed. Sparks flew the moment Dean felt Castiel's lips on his own.
"But you didn't, now did you?" Theo said.
? DID YOU GET ME INTO THIS MESS OR NOT?" Dean asked. He needed a straight answer before he would allow himself to lash out at his little brother. Or in this Cas the hologram of his little brother.
