Tony looked up. "I heard that Norman Osborn put in a good word for him with the hiring committee." He didn't give the words any particular inflection, as if summoning up emotion about the whole thing were beyond him at this point. Using tiny tweezers, he carefully removed another infinitesimal piece of glass from the bottom of the half-dismantled boot, setting it down amid the pile of glass pieces he was creating on top of one of Jan's fashion magazines.
Steve didn't answer, just leaned his head back against the boxes and enjoyed the afterglow. It was a rhetorical question, anyway. After a few minutes, when the energy began to slowly seep back into his limbs, he asked, "What have you told Washington about the mutant situation?"
"You underestimate some of the guys in Rykers' supervillain block."
In fact, if you reverse engineered Reed's design and built a copy of it out of stolen Chinese and Lemurian parts, and substituted Antarctic vibranium for anti-matter as the power source, and then used it to bounce someone into the Negative Zone and then out of it again at a different location, the way one would bounce a radar signal off of...
"Strange is coming over some time tomorrow," Steve was saying. "I managed to use the generous amount of lead time you three and Clint gave me on this to call him and fill him in on the situation, and once he finished laughing, he agreed to help."
"Okay, Captain America," he said, "now you're just showing off."
The cat – exactly what its name was seemed to depend on who you asked – made an offended wheezing sound, and stalked away down the hall.
Even if he did occasionally want to hit him. "You make it sound so tawdry," Steve protested. It hadn't been like that, not really.
"I remember that." Hank had grown to nearly thirty feet, the tallest he'd ever grown at that point, and the impact of his body with the street had actually made the ground shake. It had also taken out part of a building that the team had then had to pay for, the first in a long line of bills for property damage that the Avengers had received from the city. Hank had been black and blue from his shoulders to his knees, afterwards.
Jan offered him a small smile in return. "That's not saying much. I've seen your lab."
Thor nodded solemnly.  "I know."
Tony turned to face him fully, holding his hands up, palms out. "You're right," he said quickly. "I shouldn't have walked out of a meeting like that, informal or not. It was about Loki, not about you and me."
Agatha Harkness had let out a scream of rage and turned on Loki, who had waved aside the spell she threw at him as if it were nothing before disappearing again. Then she had turned her attentions to Wanda, the only remaining potential vessel for Chthon to inhabit. Wanda had been able to defend herself, but Agatha's smoke tentacles had made it impossible for any of the rest of them to strike a blow against her, and the stalemate had been broken only by the arrival of Strange and Clea, his other student, who had joined forces with Wanda to cut off Agatha's access to Chthon's power and take her down.
Hank winced.  “Sorry.”
"Drop your weapons," a hatefully familiar female voice said. "SHIELD is placing all of you under arrest."
"GQ is soft core porn for thirteen year old girls," Jan said, with a faint smirk. "So is
* Tony's voice sounded in Steve's ear, coming through the communicator clear and undistorted the way it did when he used the Extremis rather than the communication link in his helmet. *
He lifted his head and opened his eyes to find Tony staring at him with wide-eyed trepidation.
Tony snapped over the police and emergency personnel frequencies he'd accessed via the Extremis.
"Jan might need-" Clint started.
First they made you put your name down on an official list, so they could 'keep track of you.' Then they marked you, so they could tell you apart from the normal people, for 'the public good.' Then the sentinels came for you.
Admitting to both of them that she might have been influencing things around her without meaning to was... she had nearly mentioned the subject several times, but had never quite been able to make herself do it.
"Steve, about..." Tony took a deep breath, bracing himself inwardly. "About the marriage. I don't consider any promises made binding anymore, everything's changed."
His teleportation was supposed to be disabled.  Jack's vault should have been a trap, with the Dee book as so much tempting megalomaniac-bait.  Instead—
"That wasn't my fault," Steve protested, a flush spreading across his cheekbones. "It was a very spindly bed."
Thor shook his head, and remained standing, his hands folded behind his back. "I was not hiding," he said primly. "I was seeking out my treacherous kinsman in hopes that I might be able to induce him to reverse what he has done to you."
Jan looked away from Byrne, back to Tony, to see how he was handling this. He was blank-faced, but his hands, which had been folded loosely in front of him on the table, were now so tightly clenched that she could see his tendons.
At least Clea wasn't there. The other woman was the daughter of a goddess, raised in a demon dimension; she had learned her first lesson in magic from Dormammu himself, long before she'd ever become Strange's apprentice. Wanda, human and only half-trained, couldn't hope to measure up, and it would have been humiliating to have to display her comparative lack of knowledge in front of Strange's first student.
At the end of the day, Ben had to walk back into the Bugle's offices and face Jonah Jameson, who didn't believe in letting anything, including friendship, loyalty, or libel suits, stand in the way of a good story. And a man who was willing to let the Kingpin break his fingers rather than squelch a new story would not be put off by evasions.
Wanda's lips twitched, and some of the sadness left her eyes. "Poor Clint. He was ruined just by association with the rest of us."
"They're trying," Don assured her. "We didn't know where Doom's headquarters were, or where he and Sin had taken you."  Then the embarrassing part.  Better to just admit it up front and get it out of the way.  "Thor thought he could get some answers out of Loki if he confronted her."
Couldn't Logan have kept pretending?
"Great." Hank grinned, feeling a surge of ridiculous satisfaction at having something actually useful to do, and then the memory of Jan huddled in a hospital bed flashed into his head, and he added, "Nobody was exposed to them, right?"
"I think what we're all trying to say," Tony announced loudly, "is that your presence in my lobby is making everyone in the building nervous. I suggest you leave before we end up having to make you. If your offer is sincere, we can discuss it somewhere else. Someplace I haven't just spent several million dollars repairing." He raised both hands, the repulsor ports in his palms a glaringly bright blue-white. "These may not be able to kill you, but I can guarantee it will be painful."
Old habits died hard, apparently.
Jan raised an eyebrow at Tony, which he blithely ignored. That had been a more obvious bit of flirtation than he normally indulged in with Steve. Flirting was generally the way Tony showed you that he liked you, but he made at least a half-hearted attempt to turn it down when he was interacting with other men.
The seven of them, plus Sam's pet falcon, were waiting outside the mansion when Harkness arrived.
"—how many shall die this time, through your foolhardiness?"
He kicked off his boots, left his costume in a pile of leather on the floor, and crawled into the bed next to Tony, pulling the covers up over both of them.
"So what are we going to do now?" Jan asked the room at large. "Everyone was counting on Dr. Strange to take care of Chthon. The Avengers offered our help, but Wanda's our only magic user these days."
anyway. I'd end up hurting you."
"There are fewer of you than I expected," Strange said.
"How sure are you that she had amnesia?"
"It's crooked." Tony took a half-step forward, closing the distance between them, and took hold of Steve's tie in both hands, tugging on the knot until it was tight once more. He smoothed it carefully over Steve's chest, fingers lingering for just a moment, then stepped back.
Even with a healing factor, pushing himself like this would have been wearing Tony down, and without it, he was going to end up working himself to the point of collapse.
Steve had only been in his new apartment for a week, but he'd been proud of it. As soon as he'd led Tony inside, however, he found himself gazing around the place with a critical eye, trying to imagine how it must look to Tony.
Carol pressed her thumb against the tiny biometric lock tucked discreetly into the corner of the door frame, and waited while it analyzed her fingerprint and possibly her DNA. After a moment, the door unlocked with an audible click, and for the first time in over a year, she was inside the Avengers Mansion.
He looked at Steve then, his eyes draining back to blue and refocusing on the world outside his head. "I'll make whatever public statement you want. Denying it might make it worse — the media's been speculating about my sex life for years, and denying things just encourages them — but we can try."
Thor cleared his throat, then said, deliberately, "I cannot fight beside someone whom I cannot trust at my back. Captain America has my trust and respect, as do the Wasp and Hawkeye. For their sake, I remain an Avenger, and have chosen not to pursue your treachery." The words 'drop this, or I will decide to pursue it after all,' were unspoken. Hank could hear them anyway; everyone in the room could probably hear them.
Steve shook his head.  “No.”  He was just about the only one who wasn’t.
stitched up your leg."
He could do this. He was Tony Stark, and he had an entire company depending on him and a reputation to uphold.
She remembered Carol pleading with her to stop – something, stop what? – and Stephen Strange raising a hand and commanding her to sleep. She remembered Mount Wungadore, walking through the village at the foot of the mountain like a ghost, people smiling and waving at her despite the fact that she had never spoken to any of them, never met any of them.
The heat was like a physical pressure against his face and arms, enough to be just this side of painful. Like the noise, and the smell of hot metal, it was welcome, soothing.
"Jan," Tony interrupted, keeping his voice level, "do I play the 'two of my friends aren't speaking to one another anymore; I must get them back together' game with you?"
"Did you tell him?"
Wong's eyes went wide when he saw her standing on the threshold.
"Or inside your own head," Wanda said, remembering the incessant whispering that had battered at the edges of her mind as she'd fled from the church.
"You know," Steve said, "not all of us find magic personally distasteful. Sometimes it has benefits."
"I did everything you told me to do." Hank hesitated, grimacing. "So, is that... it?"
"Ah." Hank said. "I guess the protestors haven't gone home, then?" During his month-long stint at Camp Hammond, the angry men and women with "mutie go home" signs had been a semi-permanent fixture outside the base's front gate.
Tony groaned, and buried his face in his hands, digging his fingers into his hair. At least he'd been able to make some kind of gesture of apology, with Rhodey. Tony had been afraid Rhodey would throw the new armor back in his face, like Steve had the shield, but Rhodey had, thankfully, been willing to try and work things out again.
At least no one had died in this accident. The subway passengers last week had not been so lucky.
Thor. Steve's newly regained good mood deflated a little. "You need to talk to Thor," he said quietly, the words sounding stiff and awkward to his own ears. Usually, balancing his relationship with Tony with their responsibilities as Avengers was, if not easy, then at least not especially hard. They'd reformed the team
"It's a long and disturbing story," Tony said, closing his eyes again. He shifted slightly, wincing, and Hank once again fought the impulse to ask if Clint was
"You try losing key body parts and see if it puts you in a good mood," Tony muttered. "And I wasn't exactly a nice guy before."
"I've had worse." Considering Tony's medical history, that wasn't just empty bravado.
"And did you know Pepper is afraid that I don't have enough experience for you?" Steve went on, trying to sound normal, as if this were a real conversation. "I wasn't about to say anything to her, but, well..." Steve trailed off. He was fairly sure he had managed to make up for any lack of experience in other areas. Tony certainly hadn't had any complaints. And then there was time that he had accidentally cracked the bed frame...
That had been over a year ago.
"I'm not watching SHIELD's communications just to make you feel better. There are-"
"I do!" Hank jerked his face away again, and began pulling Tony's arms loose from his neck. Tony let himself be manhandled into letting go, suddenly and acutely conscious that he'd been all but forcing himself onto a less-than-willing Hank. "Tony is a woman right now. But it wasn't-"
"No." Wanda's voice was flat. "Siding with Magneto was my choice, even if it was a bad one."
Female bodies apparently reacted to stress differently; Tony had never been sick from nerves before. He was rarely sick at all, unless concussion or alcohol was involved.
Rachel was never delicate. It was one of the things he had liked about her, her strength. One of the things he liked about Tony, too.
The emergency room was a little less crowded than when Clint had first come in -- the car crash victims had been seen to, and several of the people with the flu were gone, too. They'd probably taken one look at the huge crowd of potential poisoning victims and given up and gone home.
Everything about this evening had been scripted, with a little help from Jan and Pepper. Tempting as the idea of giving the interview in either business attire or, even better, armor had been, he had deliberately worn casual clothing. It created the illusion of intimacy, and not appearing in costume would subtly make the point that this was about Steve Rogers and Tony Stark, not about Captain America and Iron Man.
"You shouldn't ask questions you don't really want the answers to." Tony sighed, and offered a half-truth. "I didn't order any assassinations as head of SHIELD." It was technically true, if not the whole truth. If Steve wanted to know more, he was perfectly capable of pushing Tony until he told him. Which Tony would do, eventually. Now, though, he was tired, and it was late, and Steve had spent half the evening wrist deep in a friend's blood. And once Steve knew, he would never look at Tony quite the same way again – most of the things he had done had come out in the Senate investigation, but there was always more. The blood on his hands wasn't going to wash off with soap and water. "I didn't ask many questions when Dugan asked for permission to do things 'the Nick Fury way', but I didn't give him any orders that violated SHIELD's official protocol."
On the one hand, Clint was being an asshole. On the other hand, Clint was not panicking, which was always a useful quality when Hank's shaky medical knowledge was the only thing standing between one of his teammates and possible death. It was the reason Hank had agreed to let him fly the quinjet - well, that, and Clint was technically their team leader.
Being anything other than plain Henry J. Pym was too tempting.
Nurse McCall gave him a level look. "It's a puncture wound. At the very least, you'll need to have it disinfected, if not stitched up. And you really ought to get a tetanus shot."
When Rhodey had announced that Hank had an antidote, Steve had naively expected it to be instantaneous, or at least, hadn't expected it to take this long. Shortly after Rhodey's announcement, a nurse had come in and given Tony a shot. That had been twelve hours, and eleven more injections of the antidote ago, and aside from the fact that Tony was now asleep, nothing had happened.
There was a slight noise from the doorway; Jan looked up from the book she wasn't reading to see Hank slink into the room. Not looking at her, he crossed to the chair farthest away from Jan's couch and sat down, burying his nose what Jan assumed were the reports from the hospital.
"Ignore me." Rhodey waved a hand dismissively. "I don't actually hate it. I think it's important. I'm just frustrated that nobody else seems to."
She did, however, have a pretty good idea of what it did to people.
No, she decided. They were teammates, but they were also her friends. She'd get it out of one of them later, unofficially. That, or she'd just ask Wanda, who, judging by the looks she kept casting both of them, clearly knew what was going on.
The lights shut off abruptly, then flickered back on, Sam and Thor's communicators came to life with twin shrieks of feedback, Clint's voice barely distinguishable amidst the static, and Tony went limp in his arms.
"The Nazis liked High German or Old Norse," Barnes said reminiscently.  "Sometimes Latin when they were going on about the holy grail.  Cap and the Invaders and I used to stop them all the time.  So did the Howling Commandoes.  There was this one time when the Invaders had gone off on some secret mission, and Toro and I were left behind with Fury and the Howlers because Steve thought it was too dangerous to take me, and we ended up stopping some SS ritual that was supposed to summon demons or put a curse on the Allies or make Himmler immortal, or maybe all three."
"Where are you?" Hank asked. "Never mind, we can triangulate you from the locator chip in your communicator. Just stay there, okay? We're coming to get you."
"It doesn't matter," Tony said, so calmly that Steve felt a hot flare of anger at him. "All we have to do is fix the Extremis and it will go away."
"The Elder God, the embodiment of entropy." Loki waved a dismissive hand, her long nails glinting like talons. "Chthon. Have you any other enemy intent upon stealing one of my possessions?"
"At last!" Doom cried, turning away from them as if they'd ceased to exist.  "What took you so long?  Never mind, just bring it to me."
Tony's armor was still as brightly polished as it had been that morning, completely free of scratches or scuff. He landed beside Steve with a hiss of jetboots and the harsh, metallic scrape of metal on asphalt, and something inside Steve relaxed.
He was sitting with Steve on the living room sofa, Thor lounging in one of the room's massive armchairs across from them. Hank was either in the library or the lab, hiding from Jan, and Jan was in her room with fabric swathes and a design pad, avoiding Hank.
"Because Hank and Tony built an evil, murderous clone of him. I've lost count of the times I've asked what the hell you people were doing while I was dead, but I'm going to say it again." Though cloning Thor wasn't really that far out there for either of them, Hank especially. There were times when Clint suspected that if it weren't for Jan, Hank would have become a mad-scientist-style supervillain years ago.
But then, Tony had always been funny about his technology. Wanda had said that having control of her powers taken from her bad been like being violated; Tony's armor, his designs, were as much a part of who he was as Wanda's mutation and magic.
"This is not the same as Registration!" Tony snapped, finally losing control over his temper. "And even if it were, compromise was the safest course of action then, and it's the best one now."
Spiderman claimed to have broken up twice as many muggings in the past week as usual, and according to Luke Cage and Daredevil, there'd been an increase in domestic violence incidents throughout Hell's Kitchen, with the worst of the fights taking place the closest to St. Margaret's Cathedral. Chthon's presence was poisoning the city, slowly but surely.
Tony forced himself to his feet — at least the building was sturdy enough that he didn't have to climb out of a pile of rubble — and tried to focus on the blur of red and black that was Sin advancing on him.   Steve's shield seemed to come out of nowhere, slamming into her shoulder on her bad side and nearly knocking her off her feet — twelve pounds of metal hitting her at that velocity and not knocking her down was something else that shouldn't be possible — and then Carol was behind her, both arms around Sin's neck in a headlock.
Tony pulled back, and with the kiss broken, Steve could once again think about what a bad idea this was. Tony was vulnerable right now, not himself, potentially unstable... and currently pulling Steve's shirt up over his head and running his hands over Steve's naked back and stomach.
Hank, who'd never shown an interest in men, or even an interest in any woman other than Jan? Hank, who was less than stable at the best of times these days?
He could feel Thor’s bafflement, his other half not sure whether to be hurt or offended at having his first overtures of renewed friendship either ignored or rejected.  They had faced great danger together, fought a sworn enemy and shed blood together, and blood was what brotherhoods were forged from.
"Steve," Tony said, quietly. "Don't make me spell out how stupid I was." He looked up again, eyes hollow behind the smeared mascara. "Maybe it wasn't even him. Maybe nothing actually happened, and it's all in my head; hell, I can't even remember. I just know he was there, that night, and- stop looking at me like that. It's not like anyone did anything to me; I did it all to myself. I'm the one who let myself get that out of control. I'm the one who handed control over my body over to someone else, and before you say anything," he held his hands up, palms out, "yes, I know exactly how lucky I was. Hank gave me the lecture when he ran the blood tests on me."
Tony blinked, immediately shutting off the Extremis, and looked up to find Clint standing in the doorway. He almost asked him not to tell Steve, but remembered just in time that that would be the best way to ensure that he would.
Wanda flushed, her face almost as red as Steve suspected his own was. "You and Steve have a lot to talk about," she told Tony. "I should leave you two alone."
It did not make his actions acceptable, or forgivable, but it did, perhaps, render them comprehensible. He said as much, and Tony dropped his face into his hands again, his shoulders sagging.
Sam shook his head. "Look if you want to help her, go downstairs and help the doctors analyze this thing. You were nominated for a Nobel Prize in biochemistry; this is what Cap put you on the team for."
Wanda stared at him for a moment, searching his face for something. Whatever it was, she must have found it, because she nodded slowly. "I believe you. I know it's a terrible thing to ask, but if it comes to it, Carol on her own wouldn't be enough to stop me. Maybe at the height of her Binary powers, but not now. Not anymore."
The line was picked up before the first ring finished; that alone was enough to tell him it wasn't Fury. Hearing a female voice on the other end of the line say, "Sub-Director Hill," just confirmed it.
He broke off mid-sentence as Wanda appeared at the top of the stairs, still pulling on one long, red glove.
"Have you uncovered any evidence that it was in fact A.I.M.? Has anyone been taken into custody?"
"Suggestions for ways to make Tuesday turn out to be something less than a total disaster would be appreciated," he muttered. Today's meeting with the rest of the team had gone better than he'd expected - the rest of the Avengers had taken the news that they were stuck with a female Iron Man for the foreseeable future in stride, and Jen and Vision had offered to take his and Wanda's places in California, Vision in a transparent attempt to not have to be where Wanda was, and Jen because she'd apparently been nursing either a deep-seated desire to go be on the same team as Clint so she could throw him into walls again, or a deep-seated desire to force Tony and Steve to have to work together once more, something she'd already informed him would be good for the Avengers as a whole - but he doubted he'd be so lucky with the board.
Tony shook his head. "We tried that. Blackbolt said that we're a bunch on un-evolved primitives who have nothing that his people could possibly want. Or anyway, he gave me a contemptuous look that very clearly implied that and shook his head." The ruler of the Immortals never spoke, since his voice was a powerful sonic weapon, but after a while, you learned to read his expressions. "Trust Pietro to find a bunch of inlaws even more arrogant than he is."
Outside, the air was cool — 57 degrees Fahrenheit, according to the armor's sensors — and the sky had already turned the deep blue of twilight. Carol swooped downward out of the sky as they hit the front gate.
Wanda shook her head sharply. "I didn't mean for that to happen! I thought if I went to Strange, I'd be safe, that he had enough power to defend himself if Chthon took me over again. I didn't want any of this. The last thing I remember is going to find Jen, and Cap says that was weeks before everything else happened. I was under Chthon's control for months, without anyone noticing, just like Tony and Immortus. Do you think I
"Your step-sister is right," the Doom farthest to the left said.  "You are a tiresome fool."
“Was anyone else hurt?”
She had been studying magic with Agatha before
Carol had lost memories before, and had done things she was less than proud of. And she was kind of like a guy, which somehow made the idea of talking about this less intimidating.
"Good," Hank pointed at the nearest computer terminal. "Pull up the medical database and start cross-checking them to make sure none of them are contraindicted against physostigmine."
"I did," Steve said, swaying backwards to let Tony's next punch sail harmlessly past his face. "After they gave me the super-soldier serum, I spent a month tripping over my own feet and breaking things."
Iron Man and—
"All right, all right. Calm down, okay? I'll go find him."
“I wouldn’t put it exactly like that,” Wanda said slowly, in a way that failed to diminish Steve’s certainty that that was exactly what she had done.  “But it worked.  There’s less low-grade chaos in his system now.”
"The shockwaves of your struggle against Chthon yesterday afternoon reverberated through this entire plane of reality," Strange was saying. "I could feel the universe attempting to restore itself to its proper shape, to correct the damage done, like air rushing in to fill a vacuum. I suspect that if one of us were to turn on a television, the news would be filled with accounts of mutants whose powers have been miraculously and abruptly restored."
He must have done a much better job than he'd thought keeping his feelings discrete, Steve thought, and then the implications of Tony's words hit him, and he found himself staring at Tony, mind suddenly blank.
Magic had not been one of her father's preferred tools — it was a waste of time compared to the elegance of the cosmic cube — but that superstitious idiot Himmler had liked it, so he'd had to learn some of the basics.  Yet one more reason why things would have gone differently if he had been given the power he'd deserved.  This rite was intended to invite a demon or otherworldly force to possess the caster and imbue them with its powers.  With it, she would be able to take the spear's magic into herself.
"I believe he attempted to cleanse the cathedral of Chthon's power," Wong said. "Chthon... took steps to protect itself, and he tried to use the power stored in Loki's spear in his defense."
“With that much power?  Yes, he’s sealed up.”  She hesitated, looking not at Steve but somewhere past him.  “I don’t think you can really understand it, Cap.  That kind of power – I was a goddess, just for a moment, or something that could have come close to one, if I’d wanted to.”  She shuddered, wrapping her arms around herself despite the tangle of IV line.  “It was terrifying.”
"Maybe, but this..." Tony waved a hand vaguely, clearly at a loss as to how to describe it. "This complicates things."
"You're not analyzing the mansion's security unless you can do it from here while the doctors finish checking you out," Steve said.  He was staring flatly at Tony, his arms folded across his chest, stern expression almost hiding the worry underneath.  He didn't sound like he was happy with the order, but he did sound like he was determined to enforce it.
have talked to Loki."
Thor's frown deepened. "That is troubling news indeed," he rumbled, "for whomever it is has participated in an attack at the very heart of Asgard, albeit a circuitous one. Loki, that treacherous snake, planned not just to humiliate me, but to capture me and induce me to bear one of his children. As I am my father's successor to the throne of Asgard, so my own child, whether male of female, would likewise succeed me, placing the spawn of frost giants upon HlidskjЗlf, the great silver throne from which the whole world can be surveyed."
Steve’s heart lurched as the man came closer; Tony was out of surgery.  Or had there been complications, internal bleeding they hadn’t been able to stop, irreparable damage-
Fury, he was sure, knew Tony was monitoring his organization's communications. The fact that he'd said nothing, and hadn't had any of the various computer hackers Tony had personally hired or promoted into their current positions attempt to throw him out probably meant something. Maybe it was an apology for continually foisting Koening and Gyrich off on him.
“I convinced them to let me out of bed, but I think they were planning to get me up and walking around soon anyway.”
"Our scientific consultant has spoken to both your exhibit curator and to several archival preservation and manuscript conservation specialists from the New York Public Library's special collections department at length," Jan said, smiling up at him with publicity-perfect charm. Beside her, Steve was projecting square-jawed trustworthiness for all he was worth.
"Do you want us to leave you and my armor alone together?" Rhodey asked, raising his eyebrows.
"Aunt May has physical therapy on Thursdays. The guy at the desk in the rolley chair said you guys were here. What happened?"
"Punishing Tony for running away to the West Coast and leaving him all alone in New York." Wanda said as if it were self-evident. "He sulked about it for almost six months straight."
Wanda made a small, choked sound, her communicator clattering onto the table.
Tony rolled his head sideways, looking up at Steve with a slightly wobbly attempt at a smile. "You've already let me use your electricity. Would you mind giving me a hand up for that shower?"
Hank was on his hands and knees, vomiting.  Jan knelt next to him, one hand on his shoulder, her face twisted with what could be either fear or anger.  "Can you walk?" she demanded.  "We need to get you both to a hospital."
Ben raised an eyebrow. "Are you sure you want me to print the double-entendre?"
For someone whose entire body had been seamlessly healed of over a decade's worth of cumulative damage, this sparring match had taken a ridiculous amount out of him. He'd thought he was back in shape these days. A.I.M.'s toxin hadn't sidelined him for
"Um," Tony said, after a moment. "There might be a small problem." He used the back of his gauntlet to push the hair out of his face again, not meeting Steve's eyes. "I… can't get the armor off. The fastenings on the chestplate are dented."
"So it's not your heart?" The swell of relief was almost as nauseating as the fear had been. "Then what is it? And don't to pretend nothing's wrong. You look like you've been given a death sentence."
The vault door was heavy enough that it took both Steve and Sam together to haul it shut. If Thor were there, he could have done it singlehandedly, but diplomacy was not his strong suit, and he'd had business in Valhalla.
Hank gave her a tentative nod, and turned away, starting for the door.
"Just because she doesn't remember that she has powers doesn't mean she isn't using them unconsciously. People don't just lose all their memories, not in real life, not unless there's something they need to forget. Maybe she recognized you on some level, and because she didn't want to remember, she just, I don't know, made you go away."
Uru was one of the few metals as tough as vibranium and adamantium.
Carol set Wanda down and let go of her, taking a step back.
"You could have been hurt." Steve let go of Tony, pulling away, and Tony opened his eyes to find Steve watching him seriously. "And we wouldn't have been able to help you. I can't believe I never asked for your new override codes."
expected it.  He just wasn’t used to being on display as Steve Rogers, rather than as Captain America.
Sam was smirking at him. "I did not trip over my shield. I have never tripped over my shield." That one time back when he'd been staying in Sam's apartment didn't count; he'd only stumbled slightly, not actually tripped. Unfortunately, Sam had been there to see it.
Don looked deeply uncomfortable. "I owe you. We both do."
have to be more careful about letting those tentacles grab you," she added. "You can't shrink down to get away from them, or increase size to break free."
Until nine thirty this morning, the unstable disaster area Carol and Jan were currently keeping from total collapse by main strength had been a nearly completed condominium, one of those modern ones with white walls and lots of big, glass windows. Most of the glass was currently covering either the warped and buckled floors or the street and sidewalk below; nearly all the windows on the building's north and west sides had shattered when the crane being used to complete the roof had collapsed and crashed straight through the top of the building.
“It wasn’t his hair I was attracted to.”
"So it's suddenly a problem because I'm hot now?" That made less than no sense.
He pulled out the modified StarkPhone Steve had made him promise to use instead of the Extremis at some point during the migraine-induced delirium he must have been in in order to agree, and dialed Fury's private line.
"I could be dragging you through the abstract art hall. Don't complain."
The cat was going to come with them to the Mansion eventually, Steve suspected. He'd only ever been Jarvis's pet in name – he slept on Steve and Tony's bed, played with Clint, and begged for food from the entire team. It had taken him about two days to figure out that Thor was a particularly soft touch.
He couldn't let himself want this again. He'd screwed it up to badly before to risk a second attempt.
It was a rhetorical question, but Jan answered anyway.
"Jan suggested the Pym particles angle in the first place." Hank shook his head, and tapped the computer screen with two fingers. "I don't think you're really grasping how revolutionary this could be. It's too big to sit on. It's also months away from being ready for any kind of publication. Less than a dozen test subjects is far too small a sample to reliably extrapolate from, and..."
Sam was silent for a moment, tilting his head to one side the way he did when he was contemplating something — Redwing did the same thing, and Steve had never been sure whether the hawk had picked it up from Sam, or whether Sam had picked it up from him. "You're way too calm. You haven't read the entire article yet, have you?"
"I'll understand if you can't be together with me anymore," Tony blurted out. "Now that I'm a man again. I'm not going to force you to try and have sex with me like this, not if you don't- I know you love me, but if you're not comfortable with-"
Cap stared at the doctor, drawing himself up and folding his arms across his chest. "Tony can control electrical equipment with his mind. Think about how much damage he could do if he thought you were attacking him."
Jan looked very small and still in the middle of the white hospital bed. There were wires running off her, attached to EKG and EEG machines, and an IV line stuck in her elbow.
The kitchen in Stark Tower's penthouse was not large enough to comfortably accommodate eight people, but the kitchen was where the team had always gathered to hold discussions too informal to have around a council room table, so once Loki had left and the men and women who had fled the building to huddle in little knots on the sidewalk outside had all come back in, and the police had been assured that there was no need for their presence, the kitchen was where everyone went.
"SHIELD took possession of salvaged technology from your bodyguard's armor, which you've always refused to sell. Perhaps if we made it legally available-"
"Can we go back to the double entendres?" he asked, managing to work some humor into his voice. "There's one about Cap's mighty shield that I prepared specifically for the occasion."
"Okay, not horrible. Just annoying." When all else failed, Clint could always make Cap irritated with him. He liked to think of it as a finely honed skill.
Hank shrugged one shoulder. "I could try to talk to him for you. I've been working on some X genome studies for him. They're fascinating; it's really a combination of genetic sequences, not a single gene, and-"
Damn it, he
"Yeah, that was before my time." Clint tried a smile. "Wanda, Pietro and I got the teamwork speech. Repeatedly." Cap had been even bossier back then, and convinced that being five whole years older than everyone else made them all children who needed his wise and experienced guidance. In retrospect, though, even Clint could admit that he and Pietro had been kind of bratty.
"One would hope." One of Jarvis's eyebrows twitched. "Tony had several suggestions for improvements to it. I managed to dissuade him, however, so it should still be safe to use."
"Using magic to modify your tech is cheating," Tony mumbled.  His face tightened into a pained grimace, and he reached up to touch his temple, then opened his eyes and squinted blearily at his bare left hand.  "What happened to my armor?"
"Which we're supposed to just trust you not to do?" Carol's voice was acid. "The way Vision trusted you? The way She-Hulk and Tony did? And Clint?"
The energy splashed across his shield like water, the metal vibrating in Steve's hand and against his arm in a way that made the bones in his hand and forearm itch.  It was bizarre and a little disturbing; vibranium didn't work that way.
The head was about the size of her palm, made of some kind of silvery metal, and the haft was wood, just over two feet long.  Sin frowned at it; she'd expected something more impressive, as well as larger.  This looked almost like a toy.
"Oh my God, you're a girl," Hank blurted out.
Steve knelt beside him, ignoring the twinge from his bruised ribs, and laid one hand on Tony's shoulder.  The gold under-armor was warm under his fingers, feeling disturbingly organic.  It always did.  "Tony?"
The sound of the front door opening was easy to hear from Steve's position in the living room.
As little as Steve had left from his life before the ice, Bucky had even less. He shouldn't have let this sit for so long.
"Wear your old Goliath costume, then, or go find your Ant-Man helmet. We're going to need your help; it doesn't matter which costume you're wearing."
He didn't look as different as Steve had expected. His nose was a fraction more delicate, his chin a little more pointed, but he still had the same angular cheekbones and full lips, the same slightly-wavy dark hair, cut just a tiny bit too long in a way that looked too careless not to be expensively deliberate. Now, though, the same cut had suddenly become very short. It gave him - her? - a faintly gamine look.
Steve tightened his grip on his shield, and followed Carol inside. She was levitating slightly, making her footsteps utterly silent despite her two-inch heels.
Loki's reflection still shimmered in the great, floor-to-ceiling window, the lights of near bye skyscrapers shining through her body. In many ways, his stepbrother had changed little with this new incarnation; the same angular face, the same ice-green eyes, the same smirk on her scarred lips.
"Steve!" It was Jan's voice, something about it sounding strange. "There's some kind of airborne toxin in here. Everyone's going crazy. Panicking. I don't know." She was speaking quickly, almost babbling, voice shaking. "I- Oh God, we can't use force, they're civilians. And I'm compromised. Just- send someone." There was a shrill, drawn-out scream in the background, and the communicator cut off abruptly.
The Avengers Mansion was a good thirty blocks away, but if she took the subway – except that Chthon could probably reach her more easily underground, and if he did, she would be trapped in a metal tube with a dozen potential victims. And even if the Avengers Mansion were still standing, the rest of the Avengers had no magical abilities, no way to fight him. And no reason to help Wanda, or believe anything she told them.
"Ms. Van Dyne, Mr. Stark." He shook both their hands, and seated himself in the table's remaining chair. "Sorry I'm late. Traffic, you know."
"I heard, but I just wanted to make sure..." A new substance to analyze was one thing, but trying to race against the clock to develop an antidote for something before it killed one of his teammates was not an experience Hank ever wanted to repeat, no matter how eager he was to contribute in some way beyond playing switchboard operator for them all – truly a vital use of his talents when you considered that a) Tony could do the same thing with the Extremis without even using communications equipment, and b) Thor wouldn't talk to him.
"YOU!  How did you escape your chains?"
"We can finish this later, when you're not as distracted."
"Good," Pepper said. "I'm glad he's finally found someone who deserves him, instead of another stupid bimbo or a supervillain."
Tony shook his head fractionally. "It was all justified, except for the shit about Sam and Wanda. And Clint." His eyes were red-rimmed, and Steve would have bet that Tony hadn't slept any better than Steve had last night, if he'd even gone to bed. "I thought I could make this team work, that we could make it work. It
The only West Coast team members with any interest in cooking at all were John Walker - whose culinary abilities mainly extended to grilling or deep frying things, which Wanda wouldn't have minded except that he never cleaned the kitchen afterwards - Wanda herself, and Hank, who tended to treat any food he cooked as if it were a chemistry experiment, sometimes with disturbing results.
"Because it's not like anything ever attacks your lab," Clint said.
"I'm sorry," Steve tried. It was a clichÉ, but it was the least trite clichÉ he could think of.
"Yeah, well Thor doesn't know that. Or Don Blake doesn't, which is the same thing."
"Why?" Steve asked. "Because they have that annoying habit of asking questions like 'Whose orders was Iron Man following when he broke all those federal laws and killed Titanium Man?'" All right, maybe that sounded a little harsher than he'd meant it to.
"Sure," Don said, and then there was a long moment of silence while the three of them just stood there.
"So  did jazz."  Why did people always assume the past had been innocent and  dull?  Steve would see Tony's men going to nightclubs in make-up and  glitter and raise him one Harlem drag ball with men in ball gowns.  Not  that Steve had ever been to a drag ball, but they'd existed, and it was  the principle of the thing.
“You saved our lives,” he told her, though she didn’t need to be told.
Tony wore guilt badly – it weighed down his shoulders like a heavy winter coat, and kept him from meeting anyone's eyes. Hank remembered that feeling, better than he wanted to.
He stood up, brushing futilely at the cat fur on the front of his costume. "SHIELD took custody of at least three bodies.  There must be some clue on one of them that would tell us where they're operating from.  A cell phone in someone's pocket, a wallet, mud on one of their boots that's found only in one specific part of the city."
All that power... and the Scarlet Witch had wasted it all banishing Chthon back to his prison.
The column of smoke that wrapped itself around his waist was as thick as a tree trunk and just as solid. The abrupt loss of momentum was as jarring as flying into a wall, rattling him around inside his armor in a way that was going to leave bruises later.
– standing in the United Nations building with Tony. Tony had been crying, wrenching sobs that shook his entire body, and she could tell, from his flushed face and the way his eyes hadn't quite tracked her movements, that he had been drinking. She remembered feeling indignant, angry, impatient – none of the worry or fear she should have felt for someone she had considered a friend for most of her adult life.
There was a soft exhalation from Hank, and then, "Okay, I know where that is."
"Speaking of which, I should get back to the lab." Peter cast a guilty glance over his shoulder in the direction of Hank's commandeered lab facilities. "I don't know how much good I'm doing, but I'd like to think I'm helping some."
Somewhere behind Clint, the elevator doors closed, quietly, like they were trying not to disturb them.
He wasn't going to be able to do it. It was easy to resist something when it wasn't around to tempt you. Feeling the Extremis waiting in the back of his head every day, the constant near-silent hum of electrical activity and digital information around him just waiting to be tapped into, and ignoring it, every day... it was hard enough to do that with alcohol, and that was something external. The Extremis was part of him. Not using it was like not using one of his hands. Like never wearing his armor.
Trust Steve to try to lecture a cat. "Have you tried food?" Sam suggested. "It works for Clint."
"It's my fault," Daredevil mumbled. "I dragged him there, and then I didn't hear the guy who stabbed him."
Wanda made a throwing gesture with one hand, and Bulldozer tripped over his own feet and fell flat on his face. Then the fight began in earnest.
The map's hundreds of tiny block and lot outlines blurred for a moment, and Tony closed his eyes, blinking them back into focus.  The fine print was almost dizzying, and trying to read it made him feel vaguely sick.
He gritted his teeth and reached for it again, only to have it snatched out of his grasp by a blur of brown and white feathers.
"No," Tony mumbled, face turned away, "that would be unfair."
Jan grasped her sweater tightly as the wash of air from the quinjet's landing tore at them, and wondered, not for the first time, how the other woman could stand to wear what was essentially a bathing suit in forty-five-degree weather.
"Fuck," the man muttered. "They're going to claim jurisdiction. I hate dealing with SHIELD."
Neither he nor Sharon were wearing any SHIELD insignia, and their matte black weapons weren't SHIELD-issue, either. It looked like SHIELD was back to doing things the Nick Fury way, both above and below the table.
Clint prodded at it gently, and winced. "Well, we don't have to work on your right hook."
Hank looked up, setting aside the tiny screwdriver he'd been about to open the spectrometer's instrument panel with. "That's a good point," he said. "Remember how the clone's innate supernatural abilities interfered with Reed's mind control device?"
She'd fallen asleep in his arms, after reminding him to be quiet because 'Aunt Agatha' was sleeping in the next room.
A mistake to let himself rely on it so heavily.
"I'd worry more about Hank destroying your lab." Steve grinned at him, then reached out and placed his free hand on the side of Tony's face, regarding him silently for a moment. "The cat will miss you," he said finally. "You're the one he likes best."
No. It would be a mistake. He was a scientist, first and foremost, and that was what he had to stay.
"An accident," Steve agreed. "Which wouldn't have happened if you hadn't been fighting him to begin with."
Except... Hank hadn't wanted to get back into costume today, and once upon a time, she had loved him, and she couldn't rest easily until she'd made certain that he was okay.
Okay, message delivered. Now it was time to find MJ and Aunt May, apologize for disappearing on them, and then get back to the lab.
“Oh, that?” Carol glanced down at her bandaged thigh, shrugged.  “Fine.  It wasn’t deep.  I probably didn’t even need the stitches; I think the nurse just wanted to play with his adamantium needles.”
She remembered Beast coming to see her, telling her that something had happened to the world's mutants, something bad, and asking – begging – for her help in order to fix it. She had sent him away. It had made her send him away.
"Know what?"
Clint shook his head. Standing this close, the circles under her eyes and the pallor of her skin were even more obvious; had she looked like this in Transia, three months ago? Would he have noticed if she had, with Chthon screwing with his head? "I don't remember any of that. Just you, and that bedroom in your house, and then I was in an airport somewhere, and it was days later. I didn't even think of going back for you, not for weeks. I should have done something to help you. If not then, then after."
The lines of fire that began arcing through the grass around them as Harkness spoke were considerably more impressive and worrying.
It had to be possible. It was in theory, he knew, and he'd even verified it by having Reed check his math, embarrassing as that always was.
"Is there something in particular you're hoping to discuss with us, Mr. Byrne?" Tony asked him, after the waiter had taken their drink orders. "We put out a press release after we dealt with the Venom virus."
Steve would have insisted on Tony still sleeping in his bed, on not changing anything they did just because circumstances had changed. He would probably have insisted on going ahead with the wedding, as well, if there had been a snowball's chance in hell that the state would have let them.
Because he'd been distracted by the looming shape of Doom's armored silhouette and the things he'd been saying about Steve's resurrection.  And now Doom had escaped with everything he needed to summon Chthon or seize the spear or do whatever it was he and Sin planned to do, and taken two of Steve's teammates with him.  And shot Tony in the chest at point blank range on his way out.
"Stark said you'd say that." Sam shook his head, and stepped forward into the room, reaching gently for Steve's arm. "He knows you better than I thought. Here, let me see. Where does this thing fasten?
"You used to play pool with Captain America? For real? What does he look like under the costume. I bet he's hot, right?"
Winter was approaching, and the months until the spring equinox ended his narrow celestial window of opportunity were fast slipping away. The book was not his only option — there were powerful forces that might be willing to lend their aid against the Sorcerer Supreme — but all alternative involved compromises Doom would rather not make, and debts he preferred not to incur. Sin's bungling had set him to investigating still other avenues for breaking or sliding around Strange's protections to claim the spear, and some of those might eventually yield fruit, but it would take time.
"Oh God," Tony was staring at Rhodey now, that same blank, horrified look on his face. "Not you, too."
Clint braced his feet and drew his arm back until the purple fletching on his arrow was level with his ear. He probably wasn't going to fire – Hank had warned them not to breach Madigan's containment suit, saying that he had no idea what the vapors inside would do to a living human body – but Madigan didn't know that. "The guys at Rykers hate terrorists almost as much as they hate pedophiles, so have a fun week."
Tony was… outside conventional standards of behavior. He could probably confess to sleeping with War Machine every other Tuesday just for kicks and it wouldn't hurt Steve's respect for him, or make him any less an Avenger, any less Steve's friend. Any less gorgeous and desirable.
Tony loved him, and now he knew that Steve loved him  as well, and if he wanted to lean against Tony in public, or put his  hand on Tony's thigh or his arm around Tony's shoulders, he could.  So  he put one hand over Tony's, on top of the table, and squeezed it  gently, and slide the other onto Tony's leg, just above the knee.
"I'm surprised Fury sprung for one of these warehouses, considering how much they go for these days." Tony removed his helmet, revealing dripping wet hair. "SHIELD could probably rent out this floor alone for three thousand a month, and that's not including the four floors below us."
Either way, it didn't put him in the mood to deal with people's inevitable confusion over his gender right now.
Really. She just had to keep telling herself that.
St. Vincent's lab facilities were not as nice as the Avengers' lab. At least they had an entire section to themselves, since Hank had scared all of the hospital employees away. Peter was currently performing what was probably the fifth test of their unknown toxin with St. Vincent's gas chromatograph, while Hank examined yet another blood sample.
"I know." Tony hadn't said much about the inner workings of the Initiative, other than what he'd admitted to on the witness stand, but the few things he had let slip had told Steve that there were things that hadn't come out even in the congressional hearings.
Harkness waved one hand, as if swatting a fly, and a tendril of blood-colored smoke lashed out at Jan, knocking her out of the air.
The hallway was dark, with just enough light filtering in from outside for Carol to see the long crack spidering across the ceiling plaster just outside the front hallway.
Tony had pointed out that he
As he let go of the post and stepped toward the fight again, a tiny black shape dove for the man Carol was restraining. A cloud of white mist surrounded his head and shoulders, and then Jan was darting upwards again, easily evading the man's attempts to grab her with hands and prehensile tongue.
"No," Steve agreed. "He shouldn't."
"Because it's not funny," Steve said — shouted, really. The labs were soundproofed; he could yell as loudly as he wanted. He took a step closer to Tony, into his personal space, where Tony would have to look up fractionally to meet Steve's eyes. "And we didn't stop you. You stopped yourself. When you're determined to destroy yourself, you don't let anything get in your way, especially not the people who care about you."
Tony stared at him, a world of lesser evils and silent evenings spent sitting in a lab with Reed, all three of them wrapped in their own misery and none of them talking about it, in his eyes. Then he looked away.
"I'm not distracted," Tony protested. "You always have my full attention."
"You lived in LA for three years," Carol said. "Or was it five?"
Considering the circumstances, that was major concession. "I will," Steve said.
Tony leaned his head against Steve's shoulder, sagging downward slightly against the boxes in order to do so, and closed his eyes, the smile still lingering on his lips. "Someday, I'm going to run out of those."
"We've been busy getting people out of the building," Sam told her. He was standing very straight, arms folded across his chest, and was holding his head tilted slightly to one side, the way he did when he was considering something. Sam was no fonder of talking to the media than Steve was. "We haven't had time to check the internet."
Even ones where everyone else would be drinking. And that would require him to wear women's formal attire. Pepper was truly never going to let him live this down.
been thinking of Tony as an enemy, after that first fight. He hadn't wanted to, but he hadn't had a choice, and he'd been miserable with it the whole time.
"No, I mean..." Wanda glanced at Jan and trailed off, twisting her fingers together with unaccustomed nervousness. "I was there in California, Tony. I saw the two of you, before you put the armor back on."
"We've used up far more than our share of good luck recently." Tony met Cap's eyes as he spoke, and the two of them shared a moment of silent communication that made Wanda very aware if how much she'd missed while Chthon had had her. The Avengers had presented her with a united front so far, as if the entire Superhuman Registration fight that she had heard so much about had never occurred, but there were moments when the attempt to put a brave face on things wore thin. They weren't always the moments she had expected, either.
Jarvis moved to set down his knife, and Wanda shook her head, forestalling him. "You're busy," she said. "I'll get the door."
Hank made a small, strangled sound.
"He'd be the last surviving person who was present at that ritual, other than me and Dugan."  Barnes shook his head, rubbing a hand over his face.  "It would be a nice, tidy coincidence if that was it, and they were going to use the same spell to try and make Doom a god, but I can't see it.  Sin wouldn't just hand something like that over to a member of an 'inferior race.'"
"Yeah, Man-Mountain, go be useful," Clint said. He'd never expected to feel sorry for Hank, but right now the guy actually hadn't done anything wrong, and if Clint was being fair, Hank had to be just as worried about Jan as he was, maybe more. "We'll call you if anything changes."
If he didn't come up for air tonight, she was going to the Mansion to fetch him. It was always a bad sign when Hank stopped sleeping.
"I think not, step-brother.  I find I like the sight of you on your knees."  Loki smiled down at him, and it wasn't just the sharpness of her canine teeth that made the expression predatory.  She bent and cupped one hand under Don's chin, lifting his face toward her in a parody of gentleness.  "Such a shame you can't be in your proper form for this.  This mortal shell is not nearly so comely."
Steve's hand, which had been rubbing slow circles on Tony's back, froze. "Unless you want me to leave," he said, his voice tight and too calm, as if he were keeping it that way by force of will alone.
Bringing him back didn’t make sense.   Thor had come back to life entirely on his own, but he was a god, and the normal rules don’t apply to them.  Cap had been brought back by Doom for god knew what reasons, probably some convoluted plan involving brainwashing and an army of Latverian super soldiers, but if anyone deserved a second chance at life, it was Cap.  It was only justice that he’d gotten it.  Whereas Clint himself – he was a pretty good guy, and a damn good superhero, but why him?  Why him, and not the man Wanda had loved, or any one of the other people the Avengers had lost.
Steve took Tony's outstretched hand by the wrist, pulling him to his feet.
The lab's blast door slid back into the wall, revealing six identical copies of Doom, weapons at the ready.
She must have looked even more exhausted and bedraggled than she felt, because Wong didn't even ask any questions; he just stepped aside and let her in.
"But I could have-" Tony started.
Tony leaned his head against Steve's shoulder, making a pleased humming noise. "I like that idea."
There was a moment of tense, frozen silence, during which Carol could almost feel them debating whether or not to make one last suicidal attack, and then the two of them turned and ran.
she'd said.
"It's Jarvis's cat." Tony was holding one of the boots on his lap now, poking at its sole with the screwdriver. "There's a crack in the edge of the jet propulsion unit's housing. You've got melted glass in it."
"It had better be a good one." He could feel Thor's agreement. Clint had said that "evil government people" were involved, but Tony and the others should have been able to stand up to them; they were Avengers.
His eyes were staring to burn.  Steve closed them and let his head hang forward for a moment, his hand still in Tony’s hair.  He felt almost as if he were floating, so tired that his ribs didn’t even hurt anymore.
"I've tried everything I can think of," she said now. "Spells to dispel enchantments, hexes to disrupt other people's magic, even healing spells, though my powers don't exactly lend themselves to that. If I don't take a break soon, I'm going to start accidentally frying lab equipment. Or you."
Steve had been thinking less of room to land, and more of the risk that Doom might decide to start using news copters for target practice.  Supervillains had done it before, but the pilots the local news stations hired were apparently fearless.
And just like that, Sam was the last one standing.
Tony looked up with a jerk to see Jan standing a foot or so away from him, examining him intently. How had she gotten there without him hearing anything?
Steve turned in Tony's arms, his jeans already painfully tight, and settled his hands on Tony's hips, pulling Tony against him. "You're supposed to be helping me unpack," he said, sliding his fingers beneath the waistband of Tony's trousers and kneading at the dense curves of muscle in Tony's ass.
In Hank's experience, that usually meant just as much potential danger as things that glowed bright, radioactive green, flashed red, or made ominous beeping sounds. He took it gingerly, wishing illogically that he were wearing gloves – if the contents were capable of seeping though glass, they were all doomed anyway. "I'll take a look at it. If it's really some kind of virus, I'll send it to Beast; he specializes in that kind of thing."
Wanda winced visibly. "Because it's not just any book. If I recognized the design on the cover right, it was a 13th century copy of the Darkhold scrolls. To the right collector, that would be worth more than any treasure in the museum."
It had actually managed to pull the papers' attention away from speculation over whether or not Tony had been involved in his 'bodyguard's' rampage of destruction two months ago, something Steve hadn't previously believed possible. Tony had offered the press even less in the way of an explanation than he had given Steve, claiming that 'Iron Man' had been acting on his own initiative, and that a new bodyguard was wearing the armor now.
"What kind of ice cream will I be eating?"
"Cap." War Machine's voice again. "I think we might have a problem up here. What ever this stuff is, it's got people totally freaked out; I think half of them are having full on hallucinations, and trust me when I say that I've seen what happens when superhumans are exposed to that sort of thing. It's not good. Tony and the Wasp seem like they're handling it, but Carol's got her hands full at the windows, and I don't want to be the only person up here if the Wasp flips out and grows to twenty feet. Not to mention that if Tony's been exposed, we've got to get him out of the armor before he panics and blows somebody's head off."
ooOOoo
Carol smiled, and shifted her suitcase up onto her shoulder. "Tell me you brought a car, and we're not taking public transport back to the city."
Whatever Sin had had on her, she had used it to open an inter-dimensional portal, similar to the one Reed had created to access the Negative Zone.
Wanda crossed her arms, the fabric of her blouse wrinkling, and said stiffly, "There's evil, and there's Chthon."
There were parties in New York where it was totally acceptable to dance with another man, but this had never been one of them.
"Tony?" Steve said tentatively, already halfway to his feet and reaching for him. And then Tony was grabbing him and pulling him close, back down and halfway onto the bed, clinging to him silently. Which was good, because it gave Steve an excuse to cling back.
Tony nodded.
Jan blinked, trying to make the sight go away. When it failed to, she turned to Steve. "You didn't tell me
Tony took a moment to appreciate the sight, resisting the impulse to bend over and plant his hands on his knees, or let himself breathe too raggedly. Gasping and panting in front of Steve was one thing, but in an actual fight, it was an obvious declaration of weakness. He'd worked hard at concealing those, over the years. And Steve worried, after last month. "Once," he said, when he was sure he'd be able to get the word out without sounding too breathless. "I did that once. Pepper doesn't red flag things unless they really are urgent." The repeated emails he'd deleted unread from Sally Floyd since the reversal of M-Day had been red-flagged, too, as was pretty much everything Koening sent him, but Koening hadn't earned the right to have his instant attention at any hour of the day or night. Pepper had. He owed her that much.
"Why don't you go see how Steven and the others are doing," Aunt May said, cutting him off before he could stammer something else inarticulate. She frowned. "Somebody should call Edwin and tell him what's going on. They're not going to think of it. Mary Jane, would you? I need to get to my appointment, and they won't let you use cell phones in here."
Peter managed to make it back upstairs without encountering the slightly intimidating nurse. The hallway was empty now, Hawkeye and the Falcon nowhere in sight. Peter belatedly realized that he had no idea how was he supposed to find Hawkeye. Everyone had been acting as if he were still an Avenger, but he didn't have a communicator anymore, and he wasn't exactly part of the gossip circuit, either. He supposed he could go try and find that duty nurse from before and ask her if she'd seen a guy in a pointy mask and purple leather, but...
"Yeah," Clint returned, "but he wasn't responsible for your hair."
"Captain America is right," Thor was saying. "We must-"
Tony smiled at her, the charming, ingratiating smile he usually reserved for the media and potential business partners who needed convincing. "I never did finish upgrading the security on all your IT systems when I was in charge. You might want to look into that."
her father's voice said.
Tony nodded. "That's what I told Fury. He's more concerned with eliminating his leak at the moment than with her, though." Fury took betrayal seriously, especially among those SHIELD agents who'd survived the destruction of the new Helicarrier. The man responsible for relaying Barnes and Agent Carter's location to Sin was either going to spend a long time being de-programmed, or, if Faustus hadn't hypnotized him into it, was probably never going to be seen again.
Not enough to keep her from being able to absorb their energy.  It burned in her veins and across her skin, something about the power not quite right, but she could feel it settling into the empty places inside her, recharging her.
"I'm sorry I didn't tell you." He actually did sound contrite, which wasn't always the case when Tony apologized for concealing information. "I know you hate being kept out of the loop."
"So about half as long as it's going to take me to crack this thing."
"Chthon can do that," she said, to Daredevil. "It's one of his tricks. Sometimes he'll sound like someone you know."
"I've been trying to train him not to bite people.  It doesn't seem to be working."  Stern tones of voice didn't seem to bother the cat, and pushing him away or swatting him gently on the head or shoulders was giving him what he wanted by paying attention to him, and only seemed to encourage him.
He was talking to him, Clint realized. Both of them were. "Fine," he said. "Just thinking about something." He was suddenly very conscious of the prescription form in his pocket, for some unknown medication with Tony's name on it.
Wanda shrugged, tucking her hair back behind her ear. "All in a day's work." She left, tossing a, "See you in the morning," over her shoulder as she did so, and then Steve was left alone with Tony and unconscious Clint.
"I didn't mean to," Hank said quietly. "I was trying to
"One of them just walked past the camera carrying an automatic weapon," the police officer said.
"The Helicarrier has it," Tony announced. "I just checked their medical stores." It was one of the less secure sections of Fury's data files, with only two layers of password protection. SHIELD didn't generally have to worry about people stealing their drugs to sell on the street – there were far more valuable things to be stolen on the Helicarrier, if you knew the right person to sell them to.
Steve nodded slowly, misery in his eyes. "And now that you're back to normal, you don't-"
"So," Carol said awkwardly, after they had crossed into Manhattan and Clint had finished teasing her for writing a book that was basically about a thinly veiled version of herself, "how's Tony doing?"
Talk show.  Talk show.  Some kind of soap opera in Spanish.  CNN showing the same news bites he’d already seen an hour ago and the hour before that.  Fox promising to reveal how prescription drugs would give you cancer.  Commercial.  Commercial.  Commercial in Spanish.  Something in Japanese that a normal tv wouldn’t even be able to pick up on this side of the planet.  Four different ESPN channels that were all reporting on sports no one cared about like golf and tennis.
Jan sighed, tucking her feet up under herself, and let her head drop back against the smooth leather arm of the couch in the Avengers' living room; even though the toxin’s effects had worn off hours ago, she still felt shaky and feverish. She also felt a strange sense of distance from the hysterical woman who had wanted to hide under a table in the Meridian, almost as if it had been someone else stepping in and making a fool of herself.
Steve turned to smile at him, that recruitment-poster perfect grin that always made Tony want to smile back, even when he couldn't. There was a tear through the leather fabric of his pants, halfway up his right thigh, but he looked otherwise untouched by the chaos of the past twenty minutes. From the easy set of his shoulder and the open happiness in that smile, he was pleased with the fight's outcome.
Sharon's eyes narrowed, her face suddenly set and cold in a way that made Tony very aware that she was a trained counter-intelligence officer who had tracked down and killed at least three of the double agents responsible for Faustus's infiltration of SHIELD. "No," she said, "he doesn't. And because you're a decent human being who doesn't want me to cut your throat in your sleep, he'll never know. Those things are not remotely comparable." She didn't raise her voice, didn't even sound upset, not compared to the way she had when discussing Steve's autopsy, but she didn't have to.
"Oklahoma."
"I thank thee, Scarlet Witch," Thor said, climbing to his feet again.
"I believe I've said this before, but you are meddling in forces beyond your control."  Strange's disembodied voice seemed to come from everywhere at once, and then he and Wong stepped through the flames behind Doom and Loki, Strange's cloak billowing and twisting around them, untouched by the fire.  "The power within the spear will incinerate you," he continued.
?" Hank pointed across the room to where Tony was trying to fade back into a bank of computers.
the parody of Agatha's voice sighed inside her head.
Tony breathed again, starting to turn back to Doom, and a wave of energy hit him from behind, enough force behind it to throw him to the ground.
Sharon nodded, then grimaced at the collection of SHIELD agents that were blocking the spot where Sin had fallen from view.  “Synthia Schmidt was on two different international terrorist watch lists, with outstanding warrants and extradition orders out for her in a half dozen countries.  If you were military or police and one of you had shot her, you’d be media heroes.  As it is... this is going to be a political mess.”
His entire peripheral nervous system would degrade or short out, and he'd be left paralyzed. The pain behind his eye was actually damage to his optic nerve, and he was going to slowly lose visual acuity until he was blind, and never fly or drive anything again. His internal organs would shut down, one by one, and he'd die slowly, but only after forcing Steve to watch him gradually slide downhill for months.
Why him and not Bobbi?
He shouldn't be fighting with Steve, not over this. They'd just barely started unpacking. He shouldn't-
"Someday," Sam was saying, "I will get you to admit that your super soldier serum has a healing factor in it."
Loki, for once, ignored him. "Traitorous witch!" he shouted, stabbing one finger angrily at Harkness. "We had a deal! You've been planning to stab me in the back all along, haven't you?"
he was coming," Steve muttered back. "Don't you think I would have asked your permission first?"
Thor closed the door behind him and reached for the light switch. The click of the door shutting and the burst of illumination as the lights came on once more occurred simultaneously, and Tony straightened, head snapping up, then curled forward again and tried to shade his eyes with one hand.
He didn't even see the second photograph at first, unable to process anything beyond the fact that he was looking at a picture of his own funeral.
His influence could only be felt in the immediate area of the church, and with the wards still in place around the building – both the ones Strange had erected, and the ancient, Asgardian protections that had lain heavy on the spear for millennia – leaving the confines of the sanctuary would require more power than Chthon, still trapped largely in the other realm, currently possessed.
No sooner had Loki's name left his lips for the third time than a cold swirl of fog enveloped him.  Mjolnir was ripped from his grasp, and the floor dropped away beneath him.
All her power had been tied up in maintaining the spell, Strange had said, in magically suppressing the expression of thousands upon thousands of X-genes. When she had broken free of Chthon and cut the spell loose, she had ended the flow of power that had sustained it.
Except Sin.  He ought to regret that, to see her as yet another of the Red Skull’s victims, but at the moment, he was too tired to feel anything but relief.
Tony jerked away, shaking his head sharply. "I can't take it off." There was a note of panic in his voice now. "I'm not safe without it."
He led the way out the front door, Clint and Sam at his heels, Jan a black and gold blur zipping over their heads.
Things were so far from all right that Clint nearly wanted to laugh at that. "I slept with you while you were possessed, when you couldn't even tell me no, and then I left you there!" He felt weirdly conscious of the weight of her fingers on his sleeve, as if it were far more than the simple, friendly touch she meant it as.
Steve's eyes darkened, and he lifted a hand, reaching for Tony, then hesitated. "Bucky and Sharon killed someone tonight, didn't they," he said softly. "On Nick's orders."
She couldn't remember how she had gotten from Mount Wungadore to Berlin, couldn't remember boarding the plane. The last thing she remembered clearly was stepping inside the cottage she had been sharing with what she
"I couldn't leave Jan to handle everything alone," Tony said, trying to smile. Not that there'd been much he could do. The armor was a weapon; it wasn't designed for crowd control. He'd barely been able to use it for fear of hurting the people he was trying to protect. "But hey, you got everyone out, so I guess it doesn't matter."
"How was he stabbed in the first place?" Wanda interrupted. "He was going with you to make sure Chthon hadn't tampered with the magical protections at St. Margaret's."
And he'd died still keeping that part of himself a secret, a small regret when stacked up against so many larger ones, but a regret nonetheless.
Ben nodded. "I think I have more than enough for an article already, but far be it from a reporter to miss a chance to dig for more information."
Steve glanced from the leather-bound book in Sam's hand to the half-dozen bodies littering the floor, and swore. They must have been under orders to kill themselves rather than risk capture. Six lives — seven, counting the security guard — for one manuscript.
Wanda stared at him for a moment, concern on her face, and then said, tentatively, “Cap, is Tony… Carol said he was going to be all right.”  It was as much a question as a statement.
At least, Thor mused, one could not say that Hank was unperceptive. He found, however, that his desire to hear what the other two would say had diminished, and so began to move away once more. Hearing Hank speak of the abomination he had created would only rouse his anger.
He'd thought Steve was dead, known Steve was dead. Known if he tried to touch Steve, he wouldn't be able to. It wasn't that he hadn't known he was hallucinating -- he'd known that. But as surely as he'd known he couldn't trust his own perceptions, he'd known Steve was dead, dead because of him, at his hands. And even if Steve was just another hallucination, that had been better than losing him entirely.
The sound of the front door flying open with a crash - it had rebounded against the wall, probably; Jarvis hated when people did that - startled Tony out of his contented musings.
Even during the very worst of Tony's breakdown, when he'd been trying to drink himself to death, Steve had still been able to get through to him, even if he hadn't been able to help. Now...
Two photographs stared up at him from the glossy pages. The first, on the left page, was of Tony, his face buried in his hands and his body turned sideways to the camera, into Jan's shoulder. There was naked grief in every line of his body — the hunch of his shoulders, the glimpse of his twisted, tear-stained face just visible through his fingers. Jan was crying as well, her eye make-up smeared, and part of Hank's shoulder and arm were just visible at the edge of the frame, his hand on her arm.
Loki laughed, the sound sharp and mocking. "I have spent centuries chained to a rock in Hell. I have slept in the arms of giantesses. My children are called monsters. Do you think I will balk at a few mere scars?"
Strange shook his head. "He is a primordial chaos entity, eons older than Christianity, and both unbound by and uncaring of its rules."
How was he going to explain to the big guy that there wasn't going
"Really? It's always worked so well until now."
The dim grey glow of twilight appeared through the wide hole in the wall as the cloud of brick dust settled.  Through it, less than a spear's-throw away, he could see the river, and the city skyline beyond it.  It was not Manhattan, nor were any of the East River's great bridges visible, which meant their prison lay on the West side of the city.
"Jan-" Clint started, just as ambulance personnel began climbing through the broken door behind him.
She had thought she was gaining more control over her powers, working with Strange, but if there was any chance she had caused this...
It was nothing Steve didn't already know, but, "Why me?" Given that he was hardly uninvolved in the situation, he doubted Thor would welcome any further interference. He'd done his best to stay neutral, and not let his feelings for Tony influence him – not when Thor had a serious and legitimate grievance – but...
Tony closed his eyes again, sagging back against the bed and reverting to huddled-ball status. "Not without you," he said, the words barely audible.
And he still wasn't looking at Steve, wasn't even facing him.
Thor was not the only one who needed to suck it up and deal with things. Jan executed a fast turn, hovering just in front of where Carol's face was going to be in about thirty-seconds. "She was possessed, Carol," she said flatly. "She had no choice about any of what she did. How is it different from when Vision was controlled by the Ultron protocols, or when Tony and I were poisoned by AIM? I could have hurt someone then. Tony could have killed someone — if Steve hadn't been able to talk him down out of the armor, he would have." She jabbed a finger at Carol, the motion making her dip slightly in the air. "Her brother is God knows where, her father tried to use her to destroy the world, and her husband is dead. Leave her alone."
"You brag about yourself well enough without my help."  It was jarring for a moment, how normal everything suddenly felt; it seemed as if this shouldn't be real.  Not anymore.
"How are we going to do that?" she asked. It was a perfectly reasonable way to begin, but she nevertheless felt a hint of trepidation. What exactly would he want her to do? Presumably nothing dangerous, but if she failed... Strange would probably have no compunctions about refusing to teach her any further.
He took Rhodey by the wrist and nearly dragged him toward the dance floor and away from Morgan's flustered and still faintly leering presence.
"He doesn't always notice?" The Night Nurse finished. "I know. They aren't normal burns. It looks almost as if he did it to himself by grabbing some kind of electric wire."
have wreaked inside the museum.
Tony forced down the instinct that insisted that he go help his teammates and brought his repulsor gauntlets up, aiming for Harkness. If she succeeding in raising Chthon, none of their lives would be worth a red cent anyway.
Over the past month, Steve had guiltily found himself somewhat enjoying Tony in this particular stage of sleep-deprived fatigue; Tony tended to start using Steve as furniture when he was tired. Steve shook his head, and gave Tony a gentle shove in the direction of the bed.
The pulse in his wrist beat quickly, perhaps more-so than it should have.
Taking a piece of vital tactical information and dropping completely out of contact with it for hours wasn't like Tony. Or rather, it was, but when Tony decided to keep something to himself because he was certain he could deal it on his own, he tended to keep everyone he knew completely in the dark about it. He certainly didn't tell the command staff of SHIELD and have them call the Avengers.
"Well, if things don't work out here, I suppose there's always LA," Hank said, after a long stretch of silence broken only by the faint whirring and grinding of computer fans as he plugged in the two computer systems he'd brought with him and started booting them up. One was a heavily modified Stark Enterprises unit, its fan wheezing in that distinctive way that all the 2006 models' did, before they'd started using solid-state hard drives and solved the heat problem, the other a much quieter back-up system Tony had built Hank from scratch during the week after his toxin-induced hospital stay, when he'd been barred from doing any real work and desperate to keep himself occupied somehow. "That is, provided Chthon doesn't destroy it."
Sin distracted and one intruder dead or dying still left something like ten or eleven men for Sam and Hank, and Hank's unarmed combat skills left something to be desired.  It wasn't like fighting next to Steve, who always had his back and whose movements Sam could track without even looking, and whose shield would protect him from any bullets that ricocheted off Sam's wings.  He had to keep one eye on the snake-Nazis and one on Hank, ready to yank him out of the way of a knife or burst of gunfire.
"I am not pulling my punches." Tony pushed himself up onto his elbows, glaring at Steve, who was looking down at him with an air of exasperated superiority.
Tony thought.
No. She took another deep breath and made herself focus on positive things. Steve was alive. Clint was alive. The superhuman population was not going to be rounded up and imprisoned. Chthon couldn't touch her anymore, as long as she was careful in using her powers. Some of the people she had hurt had been healed, when she'd broken the spell suppressing their X genes.
"Tony," Steve's blue eyes took on a wounded, plaintive look that Tony was almost certain he was largely faking. "You promised you were actually going to take today off, and not just use the Extremis to telecommute."
It almost hurt to watch Steve joke with the Falcon, trading the same kind of in-jokes and back-and-forth banter he'd once shared with Tony. No, if he were being honest, it did hurt. The Avengers had been his family once, and now he felt shut out of them, and shut out of Steve's life.
"We have some samples for you to analyze." Sam stepped off the elevator last, one hand firmly holding Redwing in place on his shoulder, and nodded at Hank.
Sharon was staring thoughtfully at Barnes.  "Was the Red Skull there?" she said slowly.
Carol thought.
"You need to do something about Thor and Hank and Tony," Sam said in an undertone, following Steve's gaze to where Tony sat staring into space. Wanda sat next to him, looking as if she were debating putting one gloved hand on his arm; she seemed to wear her gloves more often since her return, even, as now, when she wasn't in costume.
"How long have you known?" Peter asked MJ.   "I've  known since we busted that Hydra installation in the Savage Land," he  added; he still felt faintly proud of figuring things out on his own,  before the two of them had started the really obvious things like  flirting in public.
"He's also been helping me investigate and attempt to unravel a curse that's been placed on one of my teammates. It's an extremely powerful curse, and Strange has more raw power than I do, so if anyone can break it..."
"In that case," Wanda muttered, "I know some other people who could try it."
"I had to." His voice sounded calm, self-assured. Good; Thor catching him huddled in a ball in his office was enough humiliation for one week. "I had to be sure."
Steve walked back around to his side of the bed and lay down. After a moment, Tony joined him under the covers, where he lay staring up at the ceiling with as much space between them as the size of the bed allowed.
Well, this was going to have to be one time that Captain America lost.  "I'm fine," Tony said. "'We want to keep you overnight for observation' is doctor speak for 'There's nothing seriously wrong with you but your medical history makes us nervous.'  I just need a couple hours of sleep and some aspirin, and then I'll be good as new."  It was a slight exaggeration, considering how much effort just sitting up and talking was taking, but Tony had been in enough hospitals and seen enough doctors to know when they thought you were seriously ill or on the verge of death, and when they were just being cautious, and the looks he'd been getting and firm-yet-polite "suggestions" that he rest and recover and not pull the IV line out of his arm that he'd been given fell under "just being cautious."  And even if they hadn't been, with Hank missing, Tony was the only one who could properly run a diagnostic on the mansion's systems.
He wasn't going to think about that, Tony reminded himself. Steve was back now. Nothing else mattered. And there were more important things to focus on right now.
Installing it in the Mansion's main lab had been much easier – one of the benefits of his grandfather's insistence on buying a house that occupied an entire city block was that there was more than enough room for garage workspace, labs, quinjet hangers, and anything else the Avengers needed, even if they had to go below street level for some of it.
Baron von Blitzkrieg had congratulated him on his excellent work. It was almost funny – accolades from an ex-Nazi, for something that had been yet another mistake. The clone shouldn't have been so... They had screwed up somewhere. Hank had screwed up somewhere, the way he had with Ultron. It should have been controllable from the start; they should have had more safeguards....
"I know," Tony said.  "It makes Thor really angry."  Several of the many lawsuits that had been filed against the Avengers over the years had come from neo-Nazi groups trying to sue them because Thor had discovered they were using his name and images of Mjolnir on their websites and gone off to put the literal fear of god into them. "You think she might know some way to get him access to the spear, or thinks she does?"
"Thank you," she said. "You don't have to-"
"I don't think that's necessary. I'm-"
"You don't have to leave," Tony said, still not looking at the rest of them. "No one's kicking you out."
There was a long moment of silence, and then Hill said, her voice carefully casual, "I read your interview in the
"Ultraviolet spectrum lights."  Tony gestured at  his crumpled white dress shirt.  There was a small oil stain on his  right cuff, Steve noticed.  "They make white clothing glow."
"Well, then we're lucky that's not what I'm trying to do right now, aren't we?" Tony shoved past Steve roughly, his shoulder colliding with Steve's. It would have been the work of a split-second to grab that both shoulder and his wrist and put him in an arm lock, but that would have taken the fight into physical territory, and even angry, he knew that wasn't a good idea. He could almost see Tony rounding on him, punching him in the jaw, and then thoroughly losing it as he had some kind of flashback to the hallucinations he'd suffered while under the influence of AIM's toxin.
It had been years since he had worn his old Giant-Man costume. Hank would have been surprised that it still fit, but it was made of unstable molecules and could both stretch and shrink, so it would always fit, no matter what.
"I am well.  My counterpart's injuries were healed by the transformation."  Thor rose, and approached his teammates, concern growing as he neared them.  Hank was still being violently ill, his entire body jerking and shuddering, and the part of Thor that was Don Blake was cataloging symptoms, noting muscle tremors, nausea, weakness, lack of coordination.
Summoned him? Summoned who? Safe from what? Wanda pulled away, yanking her arm free from the other woman's grasp.
"This one's dead, too." Wanda was kneeling by the man Carol had dropped when she'd lunged for Sin, one gloved hand against his throat. "I think they may all be dead."
"No, but you arrived with him," Tony said. "And that's all anyone's going to remember."
"Where is it?" Wanda interrupted, leaning forward slightly to peer at the upside down map.
There were seven million people in Manhattan.  Almost as many people as she had maimed and destroyed the last time Chthon had had her, but this time he didn't plan to simply mutilate, hurt, or erase.  If he broke free, the whole city would burn.
he begged silently. Amora had sworn she wasn't going to cause any trouble, but her word meant little, and she and the Executioner were probably bored with lying low by now; two months back from the dead, and they hadn't tried to kill or brainwash anybody yet. That was very nearly a record.
Steve?  He hadn't answered his communicator; none of the others had.  And there had been that explosion...
Steve reached down and grabbed the ends Tony's unfastened tie – he hadn't bothered to change after coming home from Stark Enterprises – and tugged upwards, as if it were a leash.
Steve didn't even bother to volunteer – he and Sam were already talking to the ambulance crew. As Tony watched, he gestured to the fallen pedestrians with one hand, saying, "Some of them may have minor injuries. We tried to be careful when we restrained them, but—"
"Could you please let go of me? And sit down. I need to look at your leg."
"I need help," Wanda blurted out before he could say anything, or make a move to treat her as a potential threat. "Please, I have to see Strange."
Wanda thought of Agatha dying alone, of her being replaced by some form of construct that had pretended to be her for months without any of her friends ever noticing, and shuddered. "He killed her, too?"
He still had to fight the urge to draw his feet back, in case she didn’t want his toes touching her thigh.
She took a sip of her tea. It was tepid now - she had been holding the cup for at least fifteen minutes, not drinking, just letting it warm her hands. Under the sugar, it had a bitter aftertaste. "He does hold himself to a high standard," she admitted. "It's driving him crazy that we haven't been able to break the curse on Tony. We thought at first that the... pregnancy... meant that it was evolving, tightening its hold, but it turned out to be a trap Loki had built into the spell all along." She shook her head. "Loki likes double-crosses and traps, but his spells are never that complex. Strange suspects another sorcerer's hand in it, and I agree. Something about the spell feels... familiar."
"Almost  six months," Tony corrected casually, "minus the nine weeks after the  team broke up, before we put the new one together."
"You know that wasn't his fault," Luke objected.  "He would have been fine if that place had served food."
Jan muttered via the comlink.
Thor practically stomped out of the kitchen, his back a stiff, straight line. No one was completely happy with the decision the team had reached, but Thor in particular had never been inclined to compromise when he was angry.
should have helped her. She tried to help me. But then Vision, and Clint, and... I wanted to leave her to rot. And all the time, he was doing things to her, with her." Her voice faltered on the last, leaving no doubt as to what kind of 'things' she meant.
"We wouldn't have been able to get to them all in time without Thor," Tony said. He turned to Thor, the expressionless faceplate of his helmet hiding whatever emotion lay beneath it, and added, "It was a good thing we had you with us today. Blowing up is not my favorite thing to do."
This time, Wanda could hear the flaws in its façade, the open malevolence that Agatha Harkness had never possessed, and wondered how it had ever fooled her.
"She's right." Hill was giving him a long, searching look. "Go home, Tony. You've given us the intel on Sin and Doom; SHIELD can take over from here."
He wrapped his arms around Tony, tightly enough that he knew it probably hurt, and buried his face in Tony's shoulder. The prickly hair of Tony's goatee scraped against his skin, and his shirt smelled like oil and some kind of eye-watering industrial solvent. Steve closed his eyes, and didn't pull away. "I believe you."
ooOOoo
Wanda stared at him, not daring to believe that she'd heard that correctly. "I thought Cap was dead," she interrupted.
"It's a little more complicated than that." Nick slid three pieces of paper across the conference table, one to each of them. "This is a transcript of her conversation with one of the men she very pointedly didn't kill last night. The part that starts with 'We are coming for ya, Fury,' is particularly interesting."
“Fine.  He’s fine.  So am I.”
Clint froze, unsure what to say. Cap always knew what to do, and usually had no problem telling everyone else what
"Don't be an idiot," Doom snapped.  "As if I'd tie myself to an insane fanatic who thinks her dead father speaks to her.  I am about to become a god; the woman ruling at my right hand could be nothing less."
The thick carpet muffled his footfalls as he strode toward the kitchen, down hallways even emptier of decoration than they had once been; what little ornament the place had contained had been moved to the mansion now.
The guards at the entrance of the compound that wasn't a chemical plant had been easy to slip past, clearly low-levels unaware of the importance of what they were guarding. She had been tempted to take the extra few minutes and kill them, but the guards checked in with the main building by radio every fifteen minutes, and tonight's goal was too important to jeopardize by risking alerting the target just for the sake of a little fun.
Sam shook his head. "You're not even joking, are you?"
Sam banked left, then folded his wings and went into a steep dive, leaving Redwing to circle above the street alone. He'd only have once chance to grab her; the air was dead calm, with no lift to speak of, so once he'd lost altitude, he wouldn't be able to climb back up for another try, and if he missed, she was as good as dead.
, now, was not her Aunt Agatha, and locking herself in.
"I'll stay here tonight," Tony promised.
Jan had had to steel herself in order to come down to Hank's lab. Leaving it again was much easier, but not, for the first time in months, because it meant that she was getting away from him. She'd had an entire conversation with Hank, and walked away neighed angry, disappointed nor worried. Maybe Tony being changed back to normal hadn't been the only piece of magic to happen today.
Tony shook his head, but it was a useless gesture. Steve knew him too well, apparently.
Steve spun sideways, grabbing the man's wrist and using his own momentum to pull him forward, flipping him over Steve's knee and face-first into the ground.
And damnit, he'd thought he was over Tony.
"Sit," Steve interrupted, pointing at the chair Tony had just vacated. "Talk."
"Was it some kind of society function thing?" A.I.M. went through brief periods of pseudo-Marxist anti-capitalism in between their longer spells of pure anarchy. Peter had never been able to work out exactly when and why their ideologies shifted back and forth; he thought it might have something to do with the phase of the moon.
And then Clint had left again, had taken the smiling lies she had fed him, that the thing-that-was-not-Agatha had told her to think, to say, at face value. Had left her alone again.
"I just..." he started, then stopped, shaking his head. "I don't like fighting with you. With Thor. Not about important things."
A chill crawling up his spine, Steve took her by the arm, trying to be gentle, and pulled her a few steps away from the display case. The plaque beside it proclaimed that the book was a 16th century study of alchemy and astronomy by John Dee, collecting excerpts from numerous Renaissance writings on alchemy. From the central location of the display and the size of the plaque, it was one of the showpieces of the exhibit.
Wanda Maximoff came back to herself 39,000 feet above the Atlantic Ocean. The yellow and grey padded seat-back in front of her had "Lufthansa" embroidered on it, and the plastic LCD screen set into the back of the chair in front of her was displaying a map of the North Atlantic with a dotted line indicating the plane's flight path – from Berlin to New York.
"You started it," Cap pointed out, somewhat inaccurately.
"I didn't mean to," Tony whispered again, eyes still closed. "I'm sorry. I didn't-"
Hank jumped at the sound, nearly dropping the micropipette full of toxin that he was currently awkwardly manipulating with his right glove.
Steve sat up, the cat leaping from his chest to the floor, where he paced back and forth, tail twitching in a series of offended little jerks.  Steve had clearly failed in his duties as cat furniture.
"You have to help me." Byrne's hands locked around her arm as he fell to his knees on the floor beside her. "They've all gone insane! You have to stop them! You have to protect me!"
Tony, unfortunately, was not in his office. Pepper Potts-Hogan, however, was. She was sitting behind Tony's desk, muttering to herself as she went through a stack of papers. "I spend a month in California, and everyone in this company misplaces their brain."
The rifle bullet she carried in her hip pocket was hard between her fingers, warm from her body heat. "That was for you, baby," she whispered. "You and Daddy. We're going to make them all pay."
Tony groaned, lowering his head back down onto his folded arms. "Sorry you had to see that. I know it's not pleasant. Ru always hated it."
How could they have been so stupid? That first time in the gym, and then in Tony's lab, he should have- he'd assumed that the fact that the supersoldier serum made him immune to most viruses meant that they would be safe. Tony had insisted on protection after that, but only as a formality, because it 'feels wrong not use anything. I always use protection, Steve. The last thing my public image needs at this point is a paternity suit.'
"I want to take care of you." Steve could feel his ears start to burn as soon as he said it. He sounded like the worst kind of romantic cliche, and Tony had undoubtedly both heard and uttered enough romantic cliches in his life to know that.
Tony hadn't wanted to be pregnant. Had she resented him for that, for rejecting something she had wanted to badly? Or maybe she had subconsciously let her powers influence him, hexed him without intending to, because part of her had wanted to help him.
"Thor has returned," Jarvis announced unnecessarily, a pleased smile on his face.
"Um," said Steve, suddenly suspecting that he had, in fact, been outmaneuvered. He couldn't bring himself to mind.
Probably a good thing, considering what they were shutting inside it.
“That’s interesting.  I hadn’t thought about that, but Thor’s hammer did dent it once.  I wonder how they work uru; it must be even harder to work with than adamantium.”  Then he seemed to remember what they were talking about, and smiled a little.  “I didn’t even notice.”
The Meridian was located on the top floor of a very expensive downtown hotel, and was noted as much for the view from its large picture windows as it was for its food. It was only a three star restaurant, however. Jan had a feeling Tony had decided that a reporter from the Sun wasn't worth the expense of going somewhere with a fourth star.
"Also genetically male again." Hank waved a computer print out at Tony as if it were some kind of prize. "Congratulations; your Y chromosome is back."
It did, in fact, give him an edge, enough that he was able to keep pace with Clint as they fought their way through the obstacle course of tentacles, lasers, and shifting floor and wall plates toward that nest of robots at the far end of the room.
Doom was bluffing, surely.  If the magic that had brought Steve back could be undone, Strange would have mentioned it.
Steve shook his head. "You say that, every time we talk about this, but you can't know that. And you can't know that you would be a bad parent."
The important thing, Tony told himself, was to be calm. He could fall apart later, after he'd broken the news to Steve - at least, that half-hysterical part of his mind whispered, he'd get to stay with Steve, if he was stuck this way. For what time he had left anyway. "So I'm sterile," he said, managing to keep his voice steady with surprisingly little effort, "and I'm somehow turning even female than I already am, and I'm going to have a heart attack if you change me back?" On second thought, he should probably break things off with Steve now, before his heart got any worse.
Tony nodded, swaying forward slightly into Steve. "Thor is right. I don't deserve you."
"So you really are writing a sequel?" Clint asked.
Don stared down at the gold ring that glinted malevolently up at him from his right palm, and resisted the urge to rub at his face where Loki's hand had been. He could still feel her nail sliding over his face, leaving a trail of tingling skin, as if she were still touching him.
They would have thought of something.  The idea of Loki still running around out there, angry and humiliated at losing the spear and plotting who knew what in order to get back at Thor was one Don preferred not to contemplate.
Tony stood up abruptly, his chair nearly toppling over – he grabbed for it, gripping the hard wooden back tightly for a moment. "I'm not doing this right now," he forced out.
"You know who else would be good at it?" Steve said, ignoring the question but feeling his ears go hot. "Delroy Garrett." Triathlon was another hero who'd had problems with his powers, although the circumstances had been a little more esoteric than simple lack of control, and he was also deeply committed both to superheroing and to the ideas of training, discipline, and self-improvement.
Just before he completely fell apart. Before he'd vanished off the radar, before Steve had tracked him down to that seedy hotel room where he'd been hell-bent on drinking himself into oblivion, had tried to get through to him and failed.
Wanda's lips twitched, but then she sobered, the smile vanishing before it had fully formed. "It might not be my fault, but knowing that won't bring Vision back." She tried to smile again, but this time it was visibly forced. "He liked cats, too. We talked about getting one from the humane society, but then I got pregnant, and a new pet plus two babies would have been too much to handle."
." The temperature in the room dropped perceptibly as she snarled the words, and behind him, Don could hear the faint hum of Tony's repulsor gauntlets powering up. "The All-Father hid it from me behind barriers I cannot break, before he tried to banish me to eternal torment. For centuries, I could not even sense where it lay, but now his death has weakened the protections he placed upon it, and that mortal fool Doom's actions in this city last spring damaged them still further, allowing anyone who cared to look to feel the spear's power." She smiled at him, the angry sneer turning into a familiar, ingratiating grin in an instant. In the back of Don's head, he could feel Thor's automatic suspicion – that smile always meant trouble. That was the 'Trust me, I have a plan' smile, and even when they weren't evil, Loki's plans generally ended in humiliation for everyone involved except him, and occasional public crossdressing. "My powers are weaker since my resurrection, brother, and Chthon's have grown. He touches the world, through his human avatars, and seeks to make all chaos power his own. He would use my stolen power, the portion of my essence that is bound within Baldur's Bane, to break free of his prison, and doom all of creation. Not just Midgard, but Asgard and Jotunheimr and all the rest of the nine worlds as well. And Olympus, and K'un L'un, and every other realm connected to this dimension."
The dining room doors were old fashioned, made of heavy, polished wood, with ornate brass knobs. They were incongruously secured shut by some kind of heavy, electronic lock, which had a keypad, a small, blinking red light on top, and the look of something that would explode if they entered the wrong combination.
"No," Steve said. He tried to make it sound like an order, though he didn't think he quite succeeded. It sounded more pleading than anything else. "Stay. I told you you weren't going anywhere."
"That's... good," Tony said, and there was a moment of heavy silence. Well, it meant that he was alive at least. "Pietro's a competent adult, and he's not going to do anything stupid or dangerous while Luna's with him; I'm sure they're both fine." It sounded like the lie it was. "At least she was willing to talk to you," he rushed on. "Blackbolt won't talk to any of us right now. Figuratively speaking, I mean. The Inhumans weren't pleased with Registration and the Initiative, or with HUSAC." Blackbolt never literally spoke to anyone, since the power of his voice could level cities, but he could convey a great deal with a look, and the look he'd given Tony the last time they'd met had been distinctly unfriendly.
"I've been attempting to contact you for weeks, you fool," the hateful voice went on. "You don't look in mirrors often, do you?"
lightning powers."
Wanda nodded, her mouth set in a grim line.  "Let's go find the real Doom," she said, "and ask him about it."
Still, the infirmary was large - surely there was room for one extra person in there.
be the first piece of furniture you got," said Steve, and Tony yanked him close and set about trying to make both of them forget the past few hours.
"Right. I'm going." Damn it, he only wanted to help. Why was nothing he did working? Clint turned and limped toward the door, letting his shoulders sag a little. His leg was really starting to hurt now. Today was sucking in every possible way.
"I don't know," Steve said. "I'd like to think I would, but I don't know. I never thought there would be space in my life for children, for a family."
At first, he'd thought it was maybe a fire, or a major traffic accident, one of those things where four cars and a greyhound bus all pile up on each other. Then the guy behind the reception desk checked Aunt May's name against the appointment list, then looked up and said, "Parker? Hey, are you that Peter Parker Spiderman guy? How come you're not with the other costume people?"
"They what?"  Tony started to struggle up again, trying to push Steve's restraining hands away.  "How?  He can't teleport out.  The energy field-"
They did, of course.
"Don't be a fool," Doom sneered.  "Do you really think I have no defenses against my own weapons?  Drop the gun, and perhaps I'll let you live."
She had no business being down here, no reason to speak to him. It would just make things harder.
"You wouldn't talk to me, and you wouldn't let me touch you, and you promised I wouldn't have to do this by myself." He hadn't meant to say that last bit; the words had just burst out on their own.
"You're right," he said. "It's not too late to fix this. We can get married; they'll let us do that now that you're a woman. Then the baby can have both of our names. And we can-"
Every electronic signal coming from outside the house had been cut off.
"Jan," Clint said. "Jan, it's okay. He's gone, okay? Calm down. Just-- stop doing that." He almost reached out to touch her, but he was afraid that might just make things worse. Normal, rational Jan wasn't this over-emotional, and wasn't afraid of Hank. If Clint touched her, even some place innocuous, like the shoulder or something, he wasn't sure what she might do.
Like all the other boxes, this one was unlabeled. The packing tape holding it closed had been sliced open and taped over again at least once, and was curling up at the edges. Steve didn't bother with the box cutter this time, just gave the edge of the right-hand flap a sharp jerk.
ooOOoo
He needed to get out of here, before he did something embarrassing like pass out cold the next time he stood up. One public fainting fit in front of government officials had been enough to last Tony a lifetime, and keeling over now certainly wouldn't do his still-tarnished image any good.
"She implies that I divorced Hank because he's a crazy mad scientist," Jan said, her voice dangerously calm. "I think abrasive is an understatement. Keep reading. The next paragraph is about how Clint used to be a petty criminal before you gave him a 'second chance.' I didn't even read the rest of it. I'm sure I'll hear about it from everyone in the fashion industry tomorrow." She waved a hand at the magazine. "Veronica at work lent me this because there's a spread on her designs in it. It's an advance copy — the rest of them hit newsstands tomorrow morning."
The screaming woman was still screaming. God, why wouldn't she shut up?
The crash the helmet made when it hit the box of still-unpacked tools he'd left on the other workbench was loud, but unsatisfying.
Were it not for the blood, Thor might almost have suspected that he merely suffered the aftereffects of a night spent drinking, but there had not been enough time since the battle at the museum last evening for a man with Tony's capacity for alcohol to drink himself into insensibility and then recover at least the appearance of sobriety.
Carol shook her head. "You can say that again." She paused and looked at Tony, head cocked to one side. "Can he hear us?"
"No," Rhodey said, before Tony could answer, and he felt ridiculously and pathetically grateful. "She doesn't want anything."
Thor flung himself at her again, holding her back as Tony and Jan charged Sin.  "Neither of you shall triumph," he snarled.
"Play nice, Kel," she told him, giving him an amused, through-the-eyelashes look, and okay, somebody was obviously playing "doctor and nurse" outside of hospital hours. "They're relatives. I've got to go check on the other victims." She turned and walked away down the hall. She had very nice legs for a woman in her forties, Clint observed distantly.
Jan shoved her way through the crowd, ducking under a chair that one of the stock brokers threw at her. It crashed into the window, creating a spiderweb of cracks in the glass.
Loss of control wasn't something Tony seemed to cope with well - control over his sexuality, his body, his company, his technology. Over, well, everything.
Clint wasn't the kind of guy who sat around pondering the meaning of his own existence, but it was starting to bug him.
Tony sighed, and looked up from the computer, rubbing at his face with one hand. "Wind turbines. And the navigation system for the Boeing bid. R&D kept sending back crap, so I said I'd do it myself."
Sooner or later, though, they were going to run out of miracles and good luck.
the training program announced, in a pleasant female voice that was disquietingly reminiscent of Jocasta. "
Steve did not actually say, "Very classy, Clint," but Tony could see him thinking it loudly.
Looking at him right now, in the worn out and grease-stained jeans and undershirt he wore when doing welding and metal working and, as now, when he had no other clothes available, it was difficult to imagine Tony posing on the cover of any magazine, let alone one devoted to men's fashion.
Tony had gone utterly still, his eyes wide. Steve could feel his pulse beating against his fingers.
Sam's smirk widened; he was obviously remembering the same incident, but mercifully, he didn't bring it up. "Then what happened to your face?" he asked, instead.
"Well," he said after a moment, "you don't have an ectopic pregnancy." Which ruled out Hank's other worst case scenario, since that would have required surgery, something he wasn't equipped to perform by any stretch of the imagination. "I don't see any blood clots either." Which could case pain and bleeding just as a miscarriage could, not to mention embolisms. No blood clots also meant no placental abruption.
Sin was lying limply in the center of a ring of shiny, half-melted asphalt.  Sam was still down, and Clint, and Tony… god, Tony.
He had been so certain that he'd lost Steve again.
Of course he had.  Doom wasn't stupid.  Still, it had been worth a try.
Sam seemed to come out of nowhere, his shoulder catching the Doombot mid-torso in a tackle straight out of American football.  Both of them went tumbling in a mass of metal, wings, and long limbs, and Wanda ran forward, paralysis broken.
"Left-handed people aren't automatically evil, you know," Tony said, knowing it was off topic but unable to resist making the protest. Especially since, from Clint, it was probably an intentional attempt at being annoying, since he knew how irritating baseless superstitions were and couldn't possible have forgotten that Tony was the only left-handed person in the room.
The robotics lab was only a day's drive away from the city; she would return before that fool, Doom, even realized that she was gone.
Time lurched, like a DVD freezing and then skipping forwards. He was lying on the ground, the world at a 90-degree angle. Steve was charging at the woman, shield raised. Beyond him, Carol was struggling with the larger of the two men, arm locked around his neck in a hold that would have immobilized any normal human; the newly created symbiote howled and lashed out at her with sticky black pseudopods, pulling at the breathing mask on her face. Clint was pinned to the ground by a mass of writhing black, an impossibly wide, toothy jaw snapping at his throat.
"Dr. McCoy wrote an article on it a few years ago. It dealt mostly with telepathy and brainwashing, though. With magic, all bets are off." He reached for his walking stick, leaning against the edge of a lab bench, and then, turning to Clint, said, "Sorry, Clint. I was just finishing up with Wanda. Is there something you need? Are your ears-"
As Steve walked over to the side of the bed, Tony's eyes refocused; he was looking at him, tracking his movement across the room. Thank God, Tony
been in full control of his actions.
Future-
"You fool," Loki called out.  "Can you not see?  That is not-"
"He wasn't stabbed that badly," Daredevil halted his nervous pacing of the room to proteSt. "I can tell when someone's punctured a lung; their breathing changes, and you can hear the fluid in their-"
His determination lasted through the walk downstairs - Steve, thank God, didn't seem to be around - Rhodey's arrival and subsequent laughter, and Happy's shocked double-take when he pulled the Aston Martin up in front of the Mansion's front door.
Normally, Tony would have been glad that at least he'd managed talk Rhodey into coming with him and would therefore have someone interesting to talk to, but he was pretty sure that Rhodey had agreed to accompany him solely for the opportunity to laugh at him.
He swallowed, feeling sick. She was apologizing to
Jan refilled her glass and toasted him with it. "I remember that cover."
"I'm not saying you would," Rhodey went on, "but Tony's got a pretty lousy track record where women are concerned. He lets half the women he sleeps with walk all over him, and I don't you think you being a guy is gonna make any difference there."
Sam grabbed his wrist with one hand, fingers digging into his tendons, and slammed the butt of his stolen energy-gun into the man's stomach with the other.  He had been well-trained, wherever Sin had dug him up from; he didn't drop the knife.
"We don't need spectators right now," Hank announced, kicking Bobbi's foot out of the way and trying to close the medical center's door. She-Hulk planted one big, perfectly manicured hand against the center of the door and stopped it before it could shut completely.
"That's different," Tony said. "That actually is my responsibility. Just like the clone was. Thor did nothing; he just got caught in the fallout from another weapon I lost control of, one I shouldn't have allowed myself to be forced into making in the first place. And he's got just as much right to be angry at me as any of the people those landmines and missiles have hurt." He studied the smooth, polished brass of the elevator doors intently, as if searching for something in his own distorted reflection. Or avoiding Steve's eyes. "What use would another apology be when he doesn't trust my word anymore?"
Strange. She could go to Strange. The Sorcerer Supreme had faced Chthon before, and managed at the very least to fight him to a draw. Strange was the most powerful magician on Earth; if he couldn't help her, then she was beyond help. And even then, he would be able to do something. Cut off her access to her powers, maybe – it was possible to burn the mutant abilities out of someone. Sinister had done it – or even, if necessary, kill her.
No, Steve answered her silently, because that would require actually having the guts to show up in person. He wished they had shown their faces, whether 'they' was in fact A.I.M. or some other group; someone ought to be made to answer for this.
Prior to the Ragnarok, Loki had tried to kill Don repeatedly, tried to kill Jane Foster, tried to kill at least a half-dozen other people Don knew, and generally made his life a living hell more times than he cared to count. "Help from you?" he snapped. "So you can turn around and stab us in the back as soon as you have the spear back? You must think we're either insane or stupid."
"Here," he said, thrusting the plans at Sam. "This is everything we could find. Somebody hacked our computer mainframe and shut off our air system, not to mention all of the security cameras on the top floor, so none of this stuff's being circulated out, but we've also got no damn idea what's going on up there."
"I told her not to let
Doom shot to his feet, nearly lunging for the mirror before he remembered the futility of that.  He curled his hands into fists, wanting to smash her face in, to wrap his hands around that long, white neck and throttle her.  No one dismissed him that way.
city, just as much as it was Spiderman's, or Luke's, or Daredevil's.
He glanced back over his shoulder as the armor's short-range sensors registered someone approaching at a run, ready to turn and defend Thor's back against more copies of Doom, and relaxed when Steve dashed into the room, shield raised.
"Um, Steve," Tony said, face blank, "you need to read the rest."
"She said she'd kill me if I hurt you," Steve finished quietly. He might not be responsible for any of this, but that didn't change the fact that Tony was very definitely hurt. What was taking Hank and Peter so long? At this rate, the effects of the drug might wear off before they came up with an antidote. And they would wear off, or Hank and Peter would come through with the antidote; Steve refused to contemplate any other options.
It was unwise, but then, many things they had done recently had been unwise.
There was an interminable stretch of silence, as Thor glowered at both of them.
"Can we not ask that question?" Clint called back over his shoulder. "He got pregnant the same way everyone else does, and I don't need to hear about it."
Strange raised an eyebrow. "Chaos magic can't be used to restore order to a disordered system."
Hank rolled away, shoving himself to his feet inches ahead of a low-power laser blast. Practice arrows, of course. The real, fully charged shock arrows would have knocked him out cold, the electric charge travelling the length of the metal tentacles and taking him out along with them.
Tony grabbed Sin's wounded arm, the swollen flesh splitting and oozing fluid under his gauntlet, and jerked her back around.   He thrust his left hand up under her breastbone, and then—froze.
"It's not just a superficial alteration," Hank was saying, for the third time. "It goes all the way down to your DNA. You don't have a Y chromosome anymore."
There was a brief tapping on the conference room door, followed immediately by the door opening to reveal Jarvis, Thor standing immediately behind him.
Byrd. At least there was someone out there whose pursuit of Tony's armor was open, above-board, and well-intentioned. Tony and the senior senator for Virginia had a mutual respect for one another that made clashes with him, if not pleasant, at least endurable. At least, Byrd had respected Tony. God knew what he thought of him now.
She planted one foot on its back and reached down to give Hank a hand up.
The stairs seemed much longer going down than coming up.
"All that eating souls stuff," Jan finally said, "you were just making that up, right?"
"She stabbed me, too, if that makes you feel better," Sam offered. "Of course, it wasn't with my own weapon."
