Neither did Sherlock. The only reason he even knew who the name Shakespeare was referring to was because it was such common knowledge in England and was so often brought up that it would do no good to delete it entirely. However, he couldn't quote it from memory, but if John thought what he was saying sounded like Shakespeare, then that was probably what it was.
"Oh, Sherlock!" Mrs. Hudson exclaimed.
John frowned uncomfortably. There was a truth to that which he hadn't really thought about in the thrill of actually interacting with the world again.
But that wouldn't make much of a story, now would it?
"Come on, John," Sherlock demanded, arms wrapping around John's shoulders.
Sherlock briefly considered leaving John out there for flirting with the nurse, but he sighed and went to find the door. When he opened it, John was waiting.
Sherlock sulked, and John sighed.
John knew this though, and shook his head as he went to the table to collect his wallet and keys.
"Birthday."
"I might have dropped my paperclip," Sherlock said testily.
Curse their bodily weaknesses that prevented them from simply staying here all day instead of getting up and performing tedious bodily functions.
“Oh, Sherlock,” John said, sounding awkward. “I wasn’t expecting you.”
Sherlock, disregarding John's advice, wiggled his fingers in his dark leather gloves and looked up at the ivy trellis running up the side of the house in delight. John stifled a groan of dismay, shaking his head. This wasn't going to end well.
Mycroft looked at them both quizically, and frowned. "You really must have something wrong with you. You would never imperil the cases."
He was doing an experiment in the kitchen, and he was actually humming along to a Christmas song that he'd heard on a taxi's radio. He didn't even know what it was called, but it was bouncy and cheerful.
Gladstone lapped at his face as soon as his head emerged from below ground.
A) Fight them to prevent them from leaving.
"I knew I'd find you here," John said, eyes fond.
"Okay, you can have your CCTV footage," Mycroft said, rolling his eyes. "Although Lord knows why you need it."
In fact, John had started having to restrain himself from reaching out for Sherlock as he would with a girlfriend. Normally, he wouldn't feel the need to hold back from holding a hand, or resting his hand on someone's back. But this was Sherlock.
"There you are, sweetheart," John whispered in Sherlock's ear. "You did so well."
"John..." Sherlock whispered.
John’s mouth closed over a nipple and sucked. Sherlock, completely unprepared for the shock of warm arousal that shot through him at the sensation, gasped and tilted his head back. His fingers clenched in John’s hair and he panted as John lapped and sucked at the raised, puckered flesh until Sherlock was writhing underneath him on the couch.
John shot me a questioning glance, but didn’t say anything.
Hello all! Sorry this has taken so long to update. I've been preparing for my PhD and now am in the middle of completing courses for the program. Yay!
I lowered my voice. “Really? You must get all kinds of celebrities here over the years.”
"Excuse me, what are you planning to do with this?" the cashier asked, holding up the rubbing alcohol with great suspicion.
She reached up, and Sherlock ducked their head and allowed John to remove the blanket that had been covering them.
The first time, John had still been awake as Sherlock slept away next to him. He had finished ninety-four pages of his latest murder mystery novel and kept an eye on the clock using his mobile.
He couldn't say it out loud, not yet. This was still too fragile, a gossamer thread bond between them that had to be nurtured and grow before any declarations like that.
It was looking more and more likely that Sherlock’s resolve would crack, and he would end up snogging John in this very taxi.
John shimmied until his jeans were down around his ankles, and he could kick them off. He used his toes to get his socks off, a maneuver that apparently impressed Sherlock. Either that, or Sherlock just liked the sight of John's bare ankles.
"Sherlock," John said carefully, and his hand slid down the side of his face.
"I'm a mess," Sherlock said.
There weren’t too many ways Sherlock could interpret that, and most of them were very suggestive of interest in some sort of relationship.
The pain hadn't had the least negative effect on Sherlock's erection. It was straining out from his body, and as John looked, it twitched slightly. The flushed head was exposed and dripping precome into a tiny little slick puddle underneath him on the sheets. John grinned and ran the crop up the length of it, and Sherlock whimpered and tried to thrust against it. John swiped the crop through the sticky precome leaking from his cock and then brought it up to his face to rub it along his cheek, smearing the thick fluid across his skin.
Sherlock edged his way forward until John was right in front of him, and both were underneath the mistletoe. Sherlock ducked his head slightly, but then thought better of it and pulled back.
John moved, and Sherlock swore softly as John plunged into him. There was a sharp sting as Sherlock's clinging hands accidentally scratched down John's back. John grunted and pulled Sherlock's hips up, trying to find just the right angle.
"Fine," they said, and put the pipette down. "You know, you weren't supposed to bring food in the lab. Aren't you the one always going on about rules needing to be followed?"
"I'll have you know it is a well accepted fact that cheese and apples are a good food pairing," John said. "Now roll over and get up on your knees."
Sleeping in a bed again was strange.
"Don't be silly John, of course I liked that," Sherlock grumbled in his ear. "Now don't even dare to think of doing something idiotic. Like moving."
John settled them more comfortably in her arms, and Sherlock hesitated before snuggling closer.
Sherlock preened, holding their chin up high to show off their hair, and John smiled.
"You need someone on the inside," Sally was insisting. "No one will notice an extra cleaning lady on such a busy weekend. If anyone asks, I'll just say I'm a temp."
“Here,” John said, setting his mug of tea in front of him, smirking at how flustered Sherlock was.
“Cheers,” John said.
"Sherlock?" John's voice was outside the door again.
John, not wanting to disturb him further, simply allowed Sherlock to use him as he pleased. Tentatively, he put an arm around him. Permission granted, Sherlock made a soft, contented noise and made himself comfortable against John's solid form.
"Sherlock," John said. "I don't want to discuss it now."
"Come on, up," he said, hooking his hands under Sherlock's knees.
Sherlock did as John had asked and spread himself out across the bed on his stomach. The black plug was nestled firmly between his cheeks, and his long alabaster limbs were everywhere, stark against the dark blue sheets.
"And that's why you hate your hair?" John asked.
Why had he thought John was flirting with him? Obviously it must have been wishful thinking, because John was holed up with some woman that wasn’t him. He’d probably been on a stay-in date with her, and he’d interrupted.
“Yes?” Sherlock said, blinking rapidly.
Sherlock turned to John in delight and said, "John, her case is missing."
"Sherlock, quit hunching your shoulders," John said, and repositioned them.
Sherlock moaned helplessly as John applied the ice to his inner thighs, touching the ice to his delicate skin in between wet, open-mouthed kisses. John held the ice cube in his hand until it made his fingers cold and wet, then wrapped them around Sherlock's cock. Sherlock let out several ragged cries that turned into whimpers when John took him into his mouth.
Gladstone rushed down immediately, and Posh Bloke followed her, leaving John to be the sensible one to grab a torch from behind the counter. He was right, there were a lot of kegs down here with feeds up to the bar. The cellar walls were all made of brick. Gladstone was scratching at it eagerly. As soon as John turned the torch toward him, Posh Bloke started feeling the wall with his fingers.
The door opened a second later, and a woman who looked to be about sixty opened the door.
Baker Street arrived far too soon, and Sherlock reluctantly pulled himself away from John and struggled out of the cab.
As they were waiting for the plates to run, Lestrade spotted them and came over, munching on a biscuit as he did.
In answer, John reached over, slid his hand into Sherlock's hair and pulled him into a kiss. He ran his hand down Sherlock's neck and over his shoulder. Sherlock pulled John against him, wishing that he could feel skin-on-skin. He needed to be closer – so much closer than this. He pulled John closer by the waist, could feel his body warm and firm against his own.
I grimaced. What was the giveaway? How did he realize we weren’t a couple? And what was going on? What did he mean we’d understand if we knew the situation?
"Don't let me go," Sherlock whispered.
“Sherlock, are you okay?” he asked then.
"It's the Sweetheart Serial Killer," Lestrade said, with a grimace.
Well, back to going through the tape to see which vehicle had been at the empty storage building. He was quite certain that he knew which tires and which vehicle he needed to be looking for. It was really quite simple, but the task of going through the tape was rather tedious.
"Hello, my lovely," John said, smiling. "Come on, I'm making us both breakfast."
We boarded the train without any real hassle and settled in. I immediately opened to dossier, determined to finish this up without having to put John through too much play-acting.
A glint of metal caught his eyes, and John dug deeper into the bush. Eventually, after much cursing, John emerged successful, holding aloft a huge tome.
Lestrade glared. "I still want them back – and Sherlock is going to disinfect them with bleach and possibly hydrochloric acid, if he has any on hand, because... Jesus, John!"
"I do," John said. "What of it?"
"I'd rather thank you," John said, leaning up to kiss him.
Billy Wiggins was leaning up against a building in his usual spot.
“Of course - “
His trousers felt rather too tight, and Sherlock kept getting tantalizing brushes of John’s knee against his bollocks.
"What's with the sour face?" asked Mummy.
He texted Sherlock after a short inner debate.
"Yes," Sherlock said.
"Pirate." Oh, gave away his childhood dream of piracy. John probably wouldn't notice.
But then again, maybe it was.
And then he put the ice cube he'd picked out of the tray while Sherlock was talking directly on his left nipple.
Another ice cube, this time circling his navel and running underneath on the flat expanse of his stomach. Water pooled in the little dips of his body, and John lapped them up while Sherlock held his breath. John grinned as he nuzzled at Sherlock's dark curling hair that ran from below his navel to his groin. It smelled musky, and the scent caused John's mouth to fill with saliva.
"I have, sir," Sherlock said.
"Who is it?" a voice demanded imperiously from the other side.
Sherlock examined John's cock with his hands, measuring it with the stroke of his palm, the curve of it fitting around the head, his thumb stroking up the underside. He stroked John slowly, until he decided that he'd catelogued enough with his hand. All the data he could collect with his hand had been achieved.
His head still hurt, but that was okay. He wasn't using it much at the moment.
Sherlock let out a low moan and wiggled his hips. John could feel Sherlock clenching down on his finger and grinned. Inside Sherlock was soft, and John crooked his finger, pressing further in. Sherlock groaned and spread his legs pleadingly.
Happy birthday!
Sherlock cringed. "I didn't think you would... it's just, what if I was wrong? You're one of the only people in the world that actually likes me the way I am. And... I held it back from you, my real actual self, the one that is genderfluid. What if you were mad about it and said I lied about it?"
"Well, yeah." John shrugged. "It doesn't have to be that way now. We can just ask about each other's lives or whatever we like."
“You’re right, your hair does get a bit poofy after it dries,” John said, still grinning widely.
He licked his lips, and John panted beside him.
"I'll have to make a demonstration, I think," John said.
Sherlock couldn't think of any chemicals that would compel somebody to quote Shakespeare. There must be something, though, because it certainly wasn't magic.
"All's Mycroft that ends Mycroft," John chortled in return. "Okay, since we've ended up with both myself and Mycroft, maybe we should start with Lestrade."
He wasn't awake for long before a nurse in scrubs bustled in.
“I prefer to text,” Sherlock said.
Tangling his fingers in Sherlock’s hair, John drew his head down so that he could kiss him. Sherlock let out a muffled whine as John's mouth met his. He hadn't kissed anyone in a very long time, but John knew what he was doing. Very quickly, John teased his way into Sherlock’s mouth. As promised, he nipped at Sherlock’s lower lip, and Sherlock made a strangled noise of pleasure.
Come to think of it, Lestrade probably wouldn't want his handcuffs back if he knew what use Sherlock and John had put them to.
Gladstone jumped to her feet and loped over to the bed. She sniffed it, and apparently satisfied that John's smell was sufficiently strong, jumped onto it and curled up.
"No," John said.
“Excuse me,” John interrupted the stand-off. “Are you Princess Molly, by any chance?”
“What about you?” I asked, still redirecting. “You’re not usually okay with being this close to a man.”
"You know," John said, "You never explained how you knew that the gardener had stolen the shoes."
"Can we move him?" Lestrade asked.
"I want to touch you," John whispered.
"Fair enough," John said. "Are these pyjamas alright?"
The place that Mr. Fielding had circled on the map was an old, abandoned warehouse. Sherlock checked the map again, but the results were the same. Mr. Fielding had circled this warehouse for reasons unknown to Sherlock. There was no one here, and there hadn't been in quite some time.
Sherlock clinked his glass against John’s and took a sip. The wine had a deep and complex flavour, making him wonder how much John had spent on the bottle. Then again, Sherlock wasn’t sure there was a real correlation between quality of wine and price. An experiment for later, another day, a day when he didn’t have John Watson across from him giving him that look.
"John, p-please –"
"So, that's a "yes" on further experimentation?" John asked lightly.
Sherlock made a small noise in his throat and hunched down further. John chuckled and came to sit next to him.
"Sherlock?" he said.
"That's the least of our problems!" Mycroft said testily.
"Oh," John said quietly. "That still doesn't explain why you've locked yourself in your room and refuse to even look at me."
Wait, what?
"I think the ambulance just arrived, sir," Donovan said. "They should have bolt-cutters."
Sherlock decided he would tell John about the mess in the sink later. No need to make John go berserk.
The blanket was currently growing mould spores in the vacant 221C where Sherlock sometimes broke into to carry out experiments that wouldn't fit in the kitchen. It was proving to be quite diverting. However, it was no longer fit to keep a human body warm.
. Granted, occasionally when he was very low on sleep, things came out the wrong way. Paying much more attention to what he actually wanted to say, he opened his mouth again.
And that's why, when John arrived home at 5:43 in the evening, Tesco bag in hand, he found Sherlock sitting naked on the stairs, drinking a cup of tea and reading the newspaper he'd filched from Mrs. Hudson's flat.
"I'm not coming out!" Sherlock said.
"Is there something about
John dragged the man away from Sherlock and sat on him.
The hairdresser took one look at Sherlock's hair and sighed, "Why do people never appreciate the difficulty of cutting curly hair?"
"True, and a mind differing from the tumultuary opinion; for
"Hey," came John's slightly scratchy voice from their right.
"You're right, as usual," he said fondly. "Try and sleep, I'll be here when you wake up."
"John," Sherlock asked, and for once, real John and not Mind Palace-John answered.
“I can’t take the book from you, that’s true,” Sherlock said. “But I
They were just about to turn around when two things happened. First, the dog started going berserk, pulling on the end of its lead. Second, there was the sound of a loud scream – a woman’s voice. Without even thinking or planning, the two men renewed their fight through the brambles, this time in the direction of the screams.
"She's not yours you said," Sherlock said, hardly touching his food.
As they exited the pub, Gladstone bounded up to them, wagging her tail exuberantly.
“Without you, Sherlock would never have escaped either,” said Mycroft. “I'll deal with the matter. Not to worry.”
It was true, Sherlock did avoid a lot of people, and more often than not, could be found either in the lab running an experiment or in the university dorms reading research papers. Sherlock didn't much like people, but they didn't know how much of it was actual dislike of people, and how much it was that in their mind, every single person that passed them on the street looked at them and automatically thought "girl."
This one is taking far too long to update, but I'll keep going on it until it's hopefully done.
He hurried, because the book told him not to leave someone tied up by himself. As he remembered from earlier, there were some apples in the fridge. And cheese – proper aged Cheddar, not that weird squidgy stuff Americans liked to buy.
And then it hit him. He hadn't been able to smell it when Sherlock was inside 221b, but now that he was standing at the bottom of the stairs, there it was: the rich and intoxicating aroma of an omega in heat.
Sherlock gasped and whimpered, "Please, John."
There wasn't much to do in London when one didn't have a job or money. John had just eaten, so he would be fine for a while. Some of his fellow street-livers had signs that asked for help, but John couldn't bring himself to do the same. That's why he was here in the first place, though: his inability to ask for help.
"I still get the feeling you think you're in charge of these proceedings," John said, a hint of dark in his voice. "You couldn't be more mistaken."
"It might be a bit different," John said. "Would you mind seeing me, knowing that I have been with you this way? And knowing that I still want you this way even without the heat?"
"Bloody 'ell, Doc Watson," Wiggins said with a low whistle. "You keep your head down. No need to get involved with all that."
Sherlock turned his head to ask what John had meant to say, but he stopped, because John was standing on his toes, and his hand had come up to cup Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock couldn’t move, but that didn’t matter, because John pulled his head down and very gently pressed their mouths together.
He definitely hadn't been expecting the inscription.
"There's a Chinese place open till 2 near here," Sherlock said slowly. "They don't mind who comes in, just that they have business. They won't even mind Gladstone."
"Now where were we," John continued, slipping back into his role. "Ah, right. Punishment. Who has been a naughty soldier and broken the rules."
Ah. The arson.
He made supper, and Sherlock came home, and John made him finish everything, promising if he was a good boy, they would play later. Sherlock's eyes lit up at this, and he made sure to clean his plate.
"Turn over again love," John said.
"We can tidy up in a while," John murmured. "Just enjoy this for a bit."
"Hell is empty and all the devils are here!" Sherlock shouted at him in frustration.
He also intended to make Sherlock's little fantasy a little more real.
"And how am I supposed to be paid for being an assistant, then?" John asked tightly.
Feeling sick to their stomach with it, Sherlock dragged themself to the lab. Their dysphoria was almost overwhelming today, to the point that they couldn't even make deductions about people they saw while they were on their way. Sherlock just got a terrible feeling that everyone around them knew they were a freak and were actually staring at them and judging them.
"I..." Sherlock said, opening his eyes to look into John's.
John. Being without John had been intolerable, and he had nearly gone mad with wanting John by his side again. Nothing had quelled the ache he had felt in his chest, the desire for John to be with him, in whatever capacity. But John was here, and it would be fine.
"Now then, love," he murmured. "No need to get so worked up."
“Yeah, apparently something large carried off one of their sheep a while back,” said Greg musingly. “Could have been a dragon, but there are other monsters in these parts.”
"They happened a long time ago," Sherlock said quietly.
Why was everything always Sherlock's fault? Even things that weren't his fault, such as being away for so long, and needing to fake his own death. That had been necessary to the survival of John, and Lestrade, and Mrs. Hudson, not to mention the countless lives he had probably saved from bringing down Moriarty's international crime circle.
"Yeah," John said, and then, because Posh Bloke was still looking at him expectantly, he asked, "How did you know?"
If there was one thing they wished they could tell their younger self, it was how they lived – and loved – now. A fairytale ended at happily-ever-after, but Sherlock and John were still living it, from that very day way back when, and beyond it.
“It's because there's only so much science to do on this small island,” Sherlock said. “We can't stay here forever, but what comes after isn't clear.”
"My face will be cold," he protested.
"Good," John said, and brought his hand down on Sherlock's left cheek. It rippled with the impact, and Sherlock whimpered again.
"Harder," he begged, and John complied.
John just looked at him, and Lestrade shook his head and departed, muttering under his breath.
"I'll always catch you, you madman," John replied from below.
“I...” I couldn’t find the words – all I could hear was my heart pounding in my ears.
Sherlock actually got out a straight razor and applied proper lather to John's face. John wasn't sure why he trusted Sherlock with an incredibly sharp instrument next to his face. Sherlock had a sure and steady hand, and John came to the sudden, sharp realization that his own hand wasn't steady enough to do the job Sherlock's were doing.
Happy birthday!
"I'm sorry, Captain Watson," the nurse said, shaking her head. "You are the only survivor of the attack on your patrol."
I don’t know what possessed me to ask that question right now, in the middle of a case, when the murderer was on the loose and dangerous. My blood was like liquid silver inside me. It felt like it, anyway.
"Here, let's get you undressed," John whispered.
"It can't be nothing," John insisted. "Surely you have something you want or need."
Sherlock felt their eyes tearing up again and hid their face against John's shoulder.
This is what he'd been working towards all along.
Or, as Sherlock liked to call it in his head, the Knee Grope.
Now, he switched it up. Sometimes, he would only lightly slap Sherlock, and others he would hit as hard as he dared. He tried to keep the strength behind his hits patternless, and sometimes he would hit in quick succession, and other times draw it out between hits.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hello?” came a smooth voice that I recognized as Malcolm’s.
“What makes this one special?” I asked.  “Can't you get one of your own officers to do it?”
With every correct answer, John stroked his cock again, slowly, and Sherlock gasped each time.
He kicked his jeans and pants off onto the floor, then crawled up the bed to undo Sherlock's blindfold. Sherlock blinked at him as John untied his hands, then used the scarves to mop off the mess on Sherlock's stomach.
John stopped short, and Sherlock said quickly, "Don't go in the flat, it's overrun by bedbugs. I've taken precaution to make sure I don't cross-contaminate the rest of the house. The exterminator can't be here until tomorrow morning, so you'll have to make due with not showering until tomorrow."
"I certainly would," Sherlock said dryly. "I do know who Maggie Jones is, after all."
If being comfortable with touching each other weren't so vital to their cover, John would find it kind of cute. As it was, Sherlock would flush and get jittery if he made a mistake, and it took forever to soothe him back into good temper.
It was always like this.
. Sherlock smiled and closed his eyes. John reached out tentatively, and for a moment, Sherlock didn’t know what would happen, until John closed his hand around Sherlock’s and twined their fingers together.
Silk, dark red, smelled of a mixture of bergamot and sandalwood, and was several inches too long for John's frame. John didn't have a robe of his own, and he couldn't show up downstairs in his pants, so he put it on. At least it was comfortable, but it felt so odd and ill-fitting. It would have to do for now.
Sherlock patted his own pockets in mime, feeling a little foolish that he had to do this kind of mimicry in order to be understood.
However, Sherlock managed to rein himself in. He put his back to the door, sliding down it to the floor. He let his head thunk once against the door, listening to the pair outside facing each other down.
This was getting ridiculous. Sherlock shivered and pulled his robe tighter around himself. He needed to just get up there, and damn the consequences. There was no other way of finding out. If Sherlock Holmes couldn't design an experiment that would tell him what John's response would be, then no power in the world would reveal it besides the obvious.
"What a mess," Lestrade said. "You make sure that you stay on John's nice list."
Sherlock tried to consider ways around his impediment. He could write John a note. It would be tedious to write down everything he wanted to say, but it was better than not being able to communicate at all. He found a pen and paper and sat down, pondering on what to tell John. Saying that he'd opened the matchbox and that it had emitted golden light didn't sound credible to him. Even less credible was the idea that Sherlock was now forced into speaking in Shakespearean quotations.
“How'd you know it was me?” Anderson demanded.
"So, what's going on?" he asked Lestrade, lowering himself into a chair.
She nodded and left, not commenting on the dog or John's state of dress.
The knot still joined them, and would take a while to go down. They might even get in another few rounds before they could unknot.
"What?" John said, "Wait, Sherlock!"
"We'll be old before you know it," John said cheerfully. "Your turn. Don't think I don't realize how terrible your back probably is from spending nine hours hunched over your lab bench."
“You realize that John and I are very well-known to be involved with the police?” I asked with a snort. “It won't work.”
“I - “ Sherlock swallowed hard. “I didn’t know if you wanted…”
What had Mr. Fielding been doing in the first place when he had discovered the matchboxes? Where had they all come from? What did the warehouse have to do with anything? And who was driving Mr. Fielding’s van now that he was in hospital? The questions were piling up.
The two of them emerged into a clearing where a young woman was facing off with a large naga. The naga, half woman and half snake, had the woman cornered against the face of a cliff. In spite of this, the woman was brandishing a large stick in the naga’s direction.
"Not until he tries to murder Sherlock," John grumbled, tugging Sherlock closer.
*~*~*
Sherlock flopped on the sofa and crossed his arms.
, John messaged him.
Sherlock had never been good at inane conversation. But nobody ever wanted to hear what Sherlock was really thinking, mostly because it was alarming. The cursor on his smartphone blinked, and he sighed. What wouldn’t John find alarming?
"I'd prefer John," Sherlock said. "However, none of his past victims have been in a homosexual pair, so he might go after someone else."
"Let's go," John said, tugging them in the direction of more shops. "We can still get you something to wear today. I just thought... you might like something nice."
The two of them had been together for exactly two years, Sherlock realized, as his heart rampaged in their chest.
"Nothing," Sherlock said absently, working on one of his experiments and not paying much attention.
Sherlock and John have some hot chocolate.
"Come on, love, let's go," he said, and Gladstone trotted after him dutifully.
He waited until Sherlock finished shaking and had calmed down a little. Then, he went to the bathroom and got out the much-used first aid kit. He cleaned off Sherlock's wrists, rubbed antiseptic cream into the raw skin and then bandaged them.
He opened it. Nothing happened.
"Well, obviously the knots were interesting," Sherlock said. "But when I imagined tying you up, it didn't really... do anything for me."
“No,” John said stubbornly.
"Oh hello," she said. "Come in dear. You must be one of Sherlock's irregulars."
“I know it’s fine,” Sherlock said, a little more sharply than intended. “And no, I don’t have a boyfriend, currently.”
"Sherlock..."
"Oh, you're gorgeous," John murmured against his hair. "My beautiful darling."
Sherlock always said he never begged.
Surely he could get someone else to look through this for him? But no, no one else knew what type of vehicle had the sort of tire tracks he’d found in the warehouse.
"Why can't you just leave it alone, like I asked?" Sherlock asked.
Lestrade got up and left the shop, and John finished his sandwich and his tea before following Lestrade up into the apartment. Lestrade was standing over Sherlock, and Sherlock was sulking and washing the handcuffs off while wearing rubber gloves. John waited while Sherlock finished with his task and tried to hand the still-wet cuffs to Lestrade.
"We would not die in that man's company that fears his fellowship to die with us," Sherlock said.
"You're such a clever lad," John muttered, half to himself.
"Never have I ever had sex with a woman!" Sherlock said hurriedly.
"Okay, I've got you," John said. "I'm rather big, so bear down for me, love."
“Sherlock, I know you’re there,” John said. “Please open the door.”
“Your brother is waiting,” he said quietly, and then turned and left.
John laughed, and the skull remained where it was balanced.
"John," Sherlock said, sounding a bit lost.
John drew up short.
"Creepy," Sherlock said.
"You got anyone?" he asked finally.
birthday! Happy birthday! I couldn't possibly have done Beirut justice in 221 words, but I tried.
John frowned. "No need to be so dramatic, Sherlock. I know that we have a case ongoing, but surely it can wait until tomorrow."
"No evidence of spinal fractures," John said. "There's only one way to get him out anyway, so I suggest we do it quickly. He's not going to last much longer in these conditions."
“It wasn’t my choice!” Sherlock grumbled, then shivered. “It’s cold out.”
"Let's try and move it then," Lestrade said, and John moved to help.
"Let me see," John said sternly.
"Oh!" Sherlock said, startled.
He made his way back to the other end of the bed, and swung again, this time a little harder. Sherlock yelped this time.
"Please, John, always with the safety debriefings," Sherlock huffed.
"Who's this?" Lestrade demanded. "Sherlock, you can't just bring people to the crime scene! This is police access only, and I'm stretching the rules even letting you on!"
As he came, John kept fucking him through it, and Sherlock wailed, and kept coming. When he'd at last spent himself, he was trembling too hard to do much of anything. John slid the dildo out and disposed of the condom before untying Sherlock.
The two of them chatted amiably for a short while as John made his way toward the stables. Greg seemed like a good sort, and John actually wouldn't mind a travelling companion.
Mycroft suddenly said, “Before you go, John, you should know that I am very protective of my younger brother. Very protective.”
John stroked a warm hand up his cock once in reward, and Sherlock's hips hitched up involuntarily. John grinned and drew another shape.
"Text!" Lestrade yelled down the stairs after them, frazzled face appearing on the third floor.
"Work?" John asked, taking another long drink. "I don't even know who you are."
"And you can write the results down," Sherlock mused. "I still don't believe you can get me out, however. You're not a mage."
“We should probably see if we can hire a dog,” said John. “A good bloodhound could probably lead us to something the size of a dragon.”
When had Christmas started feeling this brittle?
Nothing would have ever changed. Not ever, and although I would not have been happy with that, I would have accepted it.
“Don’t worry, sweetheart, I’ve got you,” John whispered, then guided them both backwards to the bed.
(A league is 5.5 km)
Sherlock grumbled, but allowed John to gather Sherlock up in his arms, wrapping the blanket around them both. It was warmer, Sherlock conceded, and pressed closer.
After every bite, John rewarded him with a kiss, and after the last slice of apple was consumed, John chased the sweetness of honey past Sherlock's lips and licked into his mouth. Sherlock made a soft moaning noise as John explored his mouth throughly, until the taste of honey had faded. He put the plate on the bedside table and then stroked down Sherlock's sides. Sherlock whimpered and squirmed, but his restrained arms prevented him any other movement.
He nosed down between Sherlock’s legs and licked at Sherlock’s bollocks, sucking at them gently and rolling them with his tongue. Sherlock, having never experienced that particular sensation before, nearly shot straight over the side of the bed for a second time. John braced Sherlock’s knees over his shoulders.
Sherlock and John find a man in a locked room with the help of Gladstone.
d) kiss John some more
"Pi."
"You started this, John," Sherlock said, amused.
"You've been quite the naughty lad, haven't you, Private Holmes," John murmured, getting to his feet, already falling back into army mannerisms.
“No,” Sherlock admitted. “I largely suspected, because of the relative density of the rock and the propulsion power of my water jet...”
"We really should talk about this," John said softly, breath brushing over the shell of his ear.
Sherlock, growing tired of all this talk of hanging on, toppled backwards, hands still anchored in John's jumper. They dragged John forwards until they were both sprawled on the small bed.
He didn't say anything else but increasingly pitiful utterances of Sherlock's name for the next minute. The words grated at the very marrow of Sherlock's bones. How did he make this better?
"Agreed," Sherlock sighed.
"But John –"
Lestrade made a face, and John went to help him carry the man toward the ladder. Skinny as he was, they still couldn't climb the ladder and carry him at the same time. Sherlock rigged up some sort of pulley system to lower down to them. Meanwhile, the ambulance attendants lowered down emergency blankets.
Sherlock pulled his pyjama bottoms down and located the end of the thick plug filling him up. He threw his head back with a groan as he eased it out. Sherlock only had one dildo, sadly, because he was hardly ever in heat. Most omegas went through it once every three or so months and had a supply of toys.
Sherlock tried to sulk on the sofa in his pyjamas, but was shooed off the couch by John, who directed him to get changed. Sherlock sulked, but got changed anyway.
“Yes,” said Malcolm. “Everything is in place. Your information, as always, is invaluable.”
"There we are," John said. "It will take a little while for it to get warm. Where's the blanket?"
“This disaster is completely your fault.”
Suddenly, Sherlock slid off of John's lap and onto the floor. John was startled until Sherlock fumbled at the button of John's jeans. Once he got them undone, John lifted his hips to allow Sherlock to pull them down. John's briefs were tight around his cock, and Sherlock pressed his nose to John's crotch. John groaned as Sherlock nuzzled at his cock through the thin, worn material.
Frantically, Sherlock grabbed onto the railing of his headboard, just as John thrust in. Blissfully, Sherlock rolled along with John's thrusts, crying out with every one, panting. Sweat dripped from his hairline and down his forehead.
His jaw began to ache, but he kept sliding his mouth down over John’s length, trying to get as much of it in his mouth as possible. John’s hand was tangled in his hair, and Sherlock found he liked it there. Before this, he’d have thought the act of oral sex demeaning, as it was portrayed in pornography. But this was so much more than that, somehow.
John just shrugged, the subject making him clench his left hand hard.
"Oh," Molly said, returning to her unconcerned state. "I'm sure it must have been quite the bet for Sherlock to have lost to end up not being able to speak properly."
"And ours, I hope," Sherlock said gleefully.
Sherlock went, and John rushed up the stairs, stripping faster than he had ever stripped in his life. He rummaged through the back of his wardrobe upstairs, which is where his army things still were. He hadn't touched these things in years, but they should still fit him.
Sherlock couldn't think of anything else for the entire performance. Sherlock rubbed his hand, remembering the warmth of John's fingers in his, his heart ferociously battering.
Princess Molly of the Kingdom of Arendale looked out at the red sun setting on the Wasting Sea. She sat down on the edge of a high cliff and watched the sea birds fly overhead. She sighed deeply.
“Brilliant!” he said. “You worked it out just by looking at me?”
"John!" Sherlock howled, the corners of his eyes damp. "Oh, god, please, just..."
"Twenty-five," Sherlock said with a sniffle.
John lifted Sherlock up over his back, fitting Sherlock's knees on either side of John's hips. John was strong, Sherlock noted. This would be far more pleasant if he wasn't bereft of his favourite socks. He was also nice and warm after that nasty dip in London waters.
"On your bed, nude, hands on the bedframe. Five minutes. Think you can do that for me, darling?"
"Yes, John?" Sherlock pretended nonchalance, but John could see his pupils expanding from across the table.
"And how many times should I spank you, Holmes?" he growled, moving in close.
“This is where we were, weren’t we?” John asked huskily and nipped at Sherlock’s inner thigh.
“This shouldn’t take long,” I said to John.
“That was lucky,” John said. “I don’t think I could have kept that up.”
Even stranger was that John couldn't get to sleep. He was more warm and comfortable than he'd been in months, and he couldn't fall asleep. Downstairs, the sounds of Sherlock pacing around was apparent, but the sound wasn't what was preventing sleep. John turned over, only to turn over again and sigh. He was safe, and Sherlock was downstairs, and Gladstone was...
"Go away!" Sherlock repeated.
Breakfast done, John dug into her closet and found a large, knitted hat to cover Sherlock's hair with. Sherlock briefly considered skipping the part where they had to go to the hairdressers and just wear a hat until all the hair grew back. But no, they'd started this by cutting off most of it, they might as well finish the job. They didn't generally like hats, but this was an exceptional circumstance.
John knew from looking at the website that the resort usually had a dark green and brown theme, but for the weekend, it was done up in lush red and white. Sherlock hid his distaste until the door closed, but he immediately took his hand out of John's and looked around in disdain. John would rather the green and brown himself, but he wasn't nearly so offended as Sherlock by the colours.
"Watch where you're doing that," Mycroft said.
Sherlock sighed and went to open his own door, feeling oddly disappointed. He didn’t even know what he would have done if John had been home. Interacting with other people was hardly his strong suit, and he was more likely to alienate John than anything.
In truth, he was not just angry about being abandoned, but about being abandoned for yet another insipid woman who he would date for a few days or maybe even a week and then blame Sherlock when their dates were interrupted too often. Unfortunately, Chantelle was a nurse, so her profession might lend her extra points with John.
"What did you do, go and memorize Shakespearean quotations just to annoy me?" John asked, sounding unaccountably delighted with this idea.
John drank. "Never have I ever lost my virginity
"I'm not a git," said Sherlock belatedly, but John just hummed and leaned against Sherlock bravely.
"Th-thirty times, sir," Sherlock said. "I – I've been very bad and deserve to be punished properly."
Sherlock nodded in response, not trusting his tongue.
“Um,” John said, hand coming up to scratch the back of his head. “You can, um. You can stay… if you like. I mean, ahem - obviously you shouldn’t stay if you don’t want to, but… I’d like… I’d like it if you did. Stayed. Um.”
"I haven't heard of it," John said. "Tell me about it?"
"Don't you remember?" John asked. "Tomorrow's the party."
John must have thought the dazed look on his face was negative, because he hurriedly said, “Sorry, I thought that you might want… I’ll just... “
"Right, I understand. You can quote Shakespeare. You can stop anytime now," John said, rolling his eyes.
Sherlock felt John touch the plug.
And the thing was, he wasn’t even pretending to be unfazed. He just plain and simple didn’t care about the sleeping arrangements at all. He’d noticed there was only one bed and skipped over the awkwardness altogether while I was still stuck in limbo.
John put his newspaper down.
What to do?
Oh. This was happening. Right now. As soon as the cab dropped them at Baker Street.
Sherlock just nodded, not trusting his voice not to come out breathy.
"Good point," he said.
Sherlock wanted John to finish his thought, but was sidelined by John's thumbs pressing his arse cheeks apart and stroking around his hole. The slickness there made it easy. John spread him open, making him feel even more exposed than he already was.
Baker street was intolerable without John there, but Sherlock had nowhere else to be but perhaps the morgue, if Molly would let him in. He couldn't progress in the case without John, but John would insist on remaining at work, even if Sherlock decided to try and drag him away from it.
"And drive for five hours in this bloody downpour?" John asked, gesturing to the window, where the weather had started up again. "Bollocks to that."
A crawling feeling of bodily loathing filled them, but Sherlock needed to finish up today's labwork. It was an essential part of their chemistry thesis, and they couldn't skip a day just because they had dysphoria.
"I just want this to work out," Sherlock said. "How do you guarantee that?"
Sherlock nodded warily.
It had little pom-poms on it, which Sherlock supposed were supposed to represent snowflakes. It also had a reindeer with a red pom-pom nose. The background was blue, and there was an arch with gold bells. Sherlock reached out and pulled on one of the pom-poms.
The man frowned, then tipped his head to the side. "I know you, you're the chap always sitting with that big German Shepherd at the corner."
"Oh, her parents had a little dispute with the Woman at some point or another, but they thought she'd forgotten about it and didn't realize she'd been planning her revenge ever since they wronged her."
The ambulance attendants did, in fact, have bolt cutters, and soon they were pulling up the metal door and looking at the tiny ladder that went down into the darkness. Someone had gotten everyone a police-issued torch, which was just as well, since John's was going out.
“Weren't you the one to make this?” asked John, pulling out the glowing pendant.
"Nevertheless," John said. "Choose one."
"I don't hate it," Sherlock said. "I'm just not used to it. Being touched."
"I chose it for myself, I know," Sherlock said. "Didn't make it less bad, you know. How do you think I know Wiggins, John? I made it back out, and I didn't do it by myself."
What came out of his mouth was: "So foul and fair a day I have not seen."
"Probably never been drunk," Lestrade said, his face still twisted with dislike.
Sherlock stopped and swallowed hard before saying in a quieter voice, "Show me?"
"Sherlock?" John asked sleepily.
Sherlock spent the rest of the night researching using John’s laptop. There was something strange going on. The building belonged to a scientific research company, or so Sherlock had discovered. However, when he tried to look the company up further, it didn’t appear to exist.
"I have to wake you up in two hours to reassess your condition," John said. "Since I hate tromping up and down the stairs at night, I'm just going to stay here and read while you sleep."
"How do you know?" Anderson shot back.
"Dehydrated, becoming hypothermic," John said. "Malnourished and probably going through withdrawal."
John shrugged and turned back towards the inn where he and Greg were staying.
"I could..." and Sherlock started blushing. John wasn't sure if he was actually embarrassed, or if he had such control of himself that he could blush on command.
"Yes," Sherlock said. "Please."
Looks like most of you wanted a Pretend Couple trope fanfic! I'll do my best to deliver.
After a while, Sherlock got the skull and put it on top of the tree in place of the angel.
No answer.
Sherlock just looked at him blankly.
As he was leaving, one of the nurses stopped him.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “I like it.”
To Sherlock's utter horror, as soon as John stepped through the door, they felt tears well up in their eyes again. They tried to blink them away, but a heavy sob worked its way out of their throat.
King Alendale's eyes went wide with awe and a touch of fear.
Yet somehow, Sherlock wished that they were eating takeaway on the couch and taking part in their usual banter. There was just so much weighty expectation in this moment, and Sherlock didn’t know if he could live up to it.
"I don't see how you could ever bear to cut it," Mummy always said. "You must have gotten your father's hair. Just look at Mycroft and I, our hair is so thin and wispy!"
That, Sherlock decided, was more than alright, it was brilliant.
He wanted to ask Mr. Fielding if he'd had any other visitors, but what came out was, "Misery acquaints a man with strange bedfellows."
"Oh, Sherlock," John said. "What happened?"
“Yes,” John said, and did so.
John swallowed. “Um, nothing. Just… I like it when your hair is wet, apparently.”
“Right,” said John, then looked around. “Damn, where did Greg go?”
“I care that Mycroft apparently sent a legend to come after me,” Sherlock said. “I thought he’d just send Lestrade, actually.”
“N-never mind, I didn’t realize you were busy!” Sherlock said hastily, and before either of them could say anything, escaped back into his flat.
"First thing's first. Into the shower."
"She's sleeping with the short skinny one's boyfriend," Sherlock muttered.
He shucked his soiled pants and went to comfort his shocked consulting detective.
He scrounged around the flat for cash for a cab, finding John's date stash as he did so. Well, John could do without his date money if all he did with it was go out with that awful Chantelle. Besides, Sherlock needed it.
"A puppy," Sherlock said. "Irish setter."
"Sherlock, I'm going to – "
"Sherlock," John said.
"They're idiots," John said gently. "I wouldn't worry about them."
And there it was, the swell of John's knot, joining them together. It was almost time, and Sherlock ground back against it, hoping it would hit his sweet spot.
Sherlock struggled with finding the words to tell John that as much as he appreciated the sentiment, he liked them both the way they usually were.
"... four... five... six..." Sherlock whimpered.
Sherlock decides he must climb an ivy trellis. For reasons.
"What?" Sherlock asked hoarsely after a moment.
Sherlock jiggled his knee and clenched his hands in a vain attempt to rein in the feeling overflowing his system. His heart was still pounding, even after they'd finished catching the jewel thief. He chanced a look across the cab at John, and his heart nearly seized up. John was right there, and he was practically radiating adrenaline and the thrill of the chase.
Wiggins was a den ward for a cocaine den, and sometimes he asked John for a little medical help. Mostly simple stuff, like knowing what to do if someone OD'd or got out of control. John could hardly refuse his aid in return for the help Wiggins had given him in his early days.
Sherlock whimpered and shifted on the bed, but his hands remained where they were. John admired the pinkish mark on Sherlock's plush behind and inspected it with his thumb. It was slightly warm to the touch. He hadn't hit Sherlock too hard the first time. He would work up to that.
"I'm going out tonight, Sherlock!" John said. "Chantelle and I are going to go see a show. Don't you dare try and drag me off on a case."
"Guards! Arrest her!"
It was Princess Molly.
"Yes, keep going," Sherlock urged.
The first thing that Sherlock decided was that it wasn't his fault. John had insisted that Sherlock not open the damned matchbox, not after one man had been found driven mad surrounded by matchboxes. Sherlock was certain that it was some sort of coincidence, but John had continued in his superstitious nonsense and not allowed Sherlock to open any.
Sherlock stalked over to the same window John had been examining.
"Do you think she'd be able to help if you did let her in on your suspicions?" John asked, running his fingers over Sherlock's hipbone.
John sighed.
Sherlock's mouth thinned, and he didn't say a word.
"Oh, but we should," Sherlock said. "You're being very dull, John. We have nothing to worry about on that front."
Sherlock came into the kitchen after John and looked around. Through the kitchenette, John had set the table up nicely. Sherlock swallowed hard. Very nicely. There was a tablecloth, and napkins, and nice dishes and candles and everything. It was the sort of romantic setting Sherlock had seen on telly programs and films, but had never imagined happening to himself.
Sherlock didn't pride himself in his drawing ability, although his drawings were very detailed and exact. It was a means to an end – the successful close of the latest case.
She had called Sherlock a freak at first – sometimes because Sherlock had a tendency to lose all sense of tact when John wasn't around, and sometimes because it was obvious by Sherlock's clothing that they didn't follow typical gender expectations. John had put a stop to that as soon as she'd returned and started going out on cases again.
I've been trying to update this more, but I keep getting distracted by other things. It is being updated, though! Here's a new chapter, and I hope you're still enjoying it.
"I don't see it," Sherlock said. "If you would stay either way, why does it matter?"
"Prove. It." Sally looked about ready to combust.
There was one puppy looking up at him, and Sherlock was transported back thirty years to a living room filled with presents under a tree. His parents were drinking coffee while Mycroft and Sherlock opened gifts, tearing wrapping paper apart. And there was Sherlock, opening a box with holes in the top. And whump! He had an Irish Setter puppy in his lap.
No amount of talking was going to get this dealt with.
"I like this one," John murmured in their ear.
"You know what?" John said, growing angrier by the minute. "Fine. I won't buy my groceries here."
, it read, and it made Sherlock's heart leap into his throat in sudden terror.
She got out a scroll and a quill, scribbling something down before looking up at Sherlock's scaly face.
Sherlock smiled flatly and said, "I will speak daggers to her, but use none."
"I've often wondered if a candy cane could be used as a murder weapon," Sherlock commented.
"And haply the Queen-Moon is on her throne, cluster'd around by all her starry Fays," Sherlock said, giving his brother a wide, false grin.
"Captain." John.
"We don't have to do anything at all if you don't want, Sherlock," John assured him.
"He didn't," Lestrade repeated, raising his hands and shaking his head. "God, bad mental images – why would you let me think about
"We'll be right there," he said, and hung up. "John."
"Of course," Sherlock replied.
"Sherlock..." John whined. "Sherlock..."
They came upon a sex shop on their way home, and John saw Sherlock's gaze linger on a leather flogger in the window display. Still not daunted in spite of having just had a rather intense session at John's hands. Interesting.
Sherlock nodded. It was a talent, he had to admit. Not that it was overly difficult to antagonize Mycroft once one knew him. Really, it was the only good thing about only being able to speak in literary nonsense, that he could still insult Mycroft.
"Shh," John whispered against his mouth. "I've got you, darling."
Sherlock nodded, then hesitated. "It's not just my hair."
"You've got gifts to buy," Sherlock said. "I have a case to solve."
"Sherlock, are you okay?" John asked, tentatively touching his bare shoulder.
"That's the thing," Lestrade said. "He wasn't bloody well missing, or reported missing by his coworkers. In fact, some of them seem to think he was still on the job today – checked in this morning, as he does every few days. Now we can't find him, and it's making me wonder if the guy who checked in was actually him."
He rummaged around in the bedside table until he found what he was looking for. It was a fairly small sized dildo compared to the selection available, but it was larger than anything Sherlock had had in him thus far.
The knock came again, loudly enough to cause Sherlock to grimace. Would the imbecile just go away already? He was obviously not coming to the door.
Unsurprisingly, it smelled of John.
“Surely you have officers that work well together,” piped in John.
c) search the now empty room for clues
"So she's not dead," John said.
John made an inquiring sound.
Eventually, they found a door that was locked from the outside. The bolt cutters were procured once more, and then, they finally found the room below the grate. There was barely any light, and it was damp and chilly. There was no apparent threat. A form on the floor stirred, and John rushed to the side of the prisoner. The figure raised his head, revealing a man with his hands handcuffed behind his back.
"Can we go back to kissing now?" Sherlock asked hopefully.
,” Sherlock hissed.
"Fairies away!" Sherlock exclaimed, pointing at the window.
John nodded. He had expected as much. It's all that he'd heard on his way to the palace, the tale of a prince-turned-dragon and a princess flying off together to place and land unknown.
And then he remembered the strange conversation.
Sherlock was shining the light from his mobile at the barrels and muttering to himself. John followed and looked down at the barrels as well. They were all stamped with their manufacturer and the date on the ends. Most of them, John recognized as local London beers, and one Cornish cider. However, the one in the corner made him frown.
Sherlock's phone went off. John stared at it, and Sherlock frowned, picking it up.
John approached Sherlock's door, frowning heavily.
"Nine," Sherlock said, sighing. "And your shoulder is going to be killing you later, the one you used to tackle the big one with the spots."
"Oh," Sherlock said, going back to sulking.
"Star."
But I knew they were up to something. As rarely as it was that Lestrade and Mycroft worked together, they tended to make a good team. And Mycroft's entrance was too convenient. Not to mention, their reasoning was flimsy.
He lit a paraffin candle, testing it on the skin of his wrist for temperature. He'd researched this on the internet and even gone so far as to ask one of the sex shop employees about it. Soft candles melted at a lower temperature, making paraffin the safest for this use.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, face flushing heavily.
Sherlock and John stared at each other for a moment. Sherlock was suddenly glad that he was a dragon, for the sole reason that dragons didn’t blush when confronted with strange, attractive men in armour.
"What are you on about, Sherlock?" John asked. "I'm not sure what you meant by that, but it didn't sound at all complimentary."
John brought the open palm of one hand down on Sherlock's plush arse, and Sherlock yelped as his cheek jiggled slightly under the force of the blow. A slight red mark remained, and John leaned over to press his mouth to it.
"Apparently bisexual," John said, with a small smile.
C) Try to avoid answering
"So you're saying I need you."
Sherlock pressed a quick kiss to his hair in response, and John inwardly thrilled, even though it was just a role that Sherlock was playing.
Sherlock capitulated, allowed himself to be dragged under. He couldn’t breathe, and the rushing in his ears told him he was drowning.
I didn’t know what to say in this situation. We were still locked in a strange embrace in a possible murderer’s closet while he and his husband went to rendezvous with a possible accomplice. But it was obvious, if anyone was really paying attention, that my reaction was not one of friendship towards John. Maybe John wouldn’t notice? Or he would allow us to focus on the case?
"Promise I'll be good."
Sherlock shivered and waited for the flat to warm up.
"Now for your reward," John said, grinning.
Sherlock hardly dared to believe.
"Didn't realize you were awake," John said.
“No one knows what's beyond the borders,” Sherlock said. “I've always wondered...”
"Good lad," John said huskily. "Stay there and don't move."
“Well, thank you for this,” John said, waving the brochure at her. “Do you mind if we ask more questions sometime later?”
And the two of them would have stayed there quite happily, making experiments and living peaceful (and unmarried) lives.
Sherlock woke up slowly the next morning in a surprising but welcome coccoon of warmth. They hadn't expected it, for some reason, but John had stayed the whole night. They relaxed, the sudden tension uncoiling from their spine. John had stayed.
“Yeah,” John said, and rubbed small circles against Sherlock’s shoulder blade. “Yeah, I am.”
Sherlock stopped mid-sentence and looked at John.
Sherlock had raised his head, moving it back and forth even though he couldn't see anything.
And he quickly stripped off his own shirt and pants without any ceremony. Sherlock did look, because John was quite correct, he’d put up with any indignity in order to see John naked.
"Yeah, yeah, no talking," John said. "I remember what happened last time."
Once King Alendale had left, Mycroft turned to John, looking him up and down.
"I see," John said. "What about that lab tech? She's nice."
Unable to resist the curiosity, John went, wanting to see where Sherlock had done his graduate chemistry studies. Why Sherlock wanted to go was a mystery – surely he couldn't tell there would be a murder from parchment and wax?
"We'll be there right away." Sherlock looked up at John. "The man we rescued today has been murdered."
Shakily, he typed back slowly, although usually he was much faster at texting.
"But she was very aggressive in her chasing," John said. "I thought you had at least kissed once."
No one could take that from him. No matter where he was in the world, he was still Doctor Watson, and he could still help people, even the invisible citizens of the London underbelly. Especially them.
"John," he accidentally said out loud.
"You look like a dream," John said. "You're beautiful, you know."
"I should go first," John said. "I'm a doctor."
“Must have really got a good look,” John said, still smiling. “You’re perfectly correct.”
"But you never said anything," John said. "The wedding –"
The stairs swam as Sherlock climbed them, and he felt stiflingly hot. For some reason, it made perfect sense to drop his coat on the stairs, and to start unbuttoning his shirt before they'd even got into their flat.
"Yes," and Sherlock's voice was dark with hunger.
"Sherlock, wake up, I've got dinner," he said, reaching out to push Sherlock's shoulder.
The tie that Sherlock had chosen was a type of frogtie, in which Sherlock's legs would be bent fully, as if he were in a crouch, and then tied like that, thigh to calf, so that his legs would look like a frog's. It would impede his ability to move, but not so much that he couldn't shuffle if he wanted.
"Couldn't I pretend to be angry at you this whole weekend?"
"I gathered as much," John said wryly. "Does he always assume your female friends are your girlfriend?"
At that moment I realized that Malcolm had gone to his bed and knelt down. He pulled a handgun out from under his mattress and cocked it.
John had grown a bit of a beard from lack of razors out on the street. He didn't mind it much, as it kept his face reasonably warm in cold night weather.
"Now?" John was saying, kicking his foot against the floor.
"We need bolt-cutters," John said.
Sherlock lapsed into awkward silence, looking up at John occasionally. John just smiled, too tired to try and find something to talk about. Really, the two of them hardly knew one another, and getting chased by an angry bartender together hardly made them mates. Sherlock fidgeted, and finally broke his silence.
"Let's play a word association game," John said, rubbing his hands together.
John lowered his voice and looked up at Sherlock. "Show you."
Sherlock didn't know when he had fallen asleep, but he must have at some point in his sulking, because John rapping on the door to his room woke him up. John poked his head through the door, and Sherlock blinked until his blurry image cleared.
And then Sherlock broke into loud sobs again, and John carefully put an arm around their shoulder. Sherlock sniffled, and rested their forehead against John's shoulder.
Sherlock would just have to accept that love wasn't something he could calculate.
"Oh," Sherlock whispered with a little shiver and shimmy of his hips. "Yes, please, sir."
John grinned, and gently nuzzled into Sherlock's groin, pressing his balls up with a soft palm, licking at the fabric until it was damp and sticking to Sherlock's skin. There was a glossy spot on the front where Sherlock was beginning to leak through. John lapped at it, and Sherlock whimpered.
Somehow, John made the incomprehensible believable.
She eyed him up and then said, "Sergeant Donovan, with the Met. The boss told me you had something to tell me about blood?"
But John caught himself, and his smile faded.
John and Greg are still attempting to find Sherlock and Molly. But maybe a monster or two stand in their way.
He decided to finish off Sherlock with six alternating hits, so that Sherlock would know this was the end, unless he forgot to count or moved his hands. Sherlock was shivering with anticipation, forehead beaded with sweat.
"Sherlock, please don't sulk. It's unbecoming of an adult in his thirties," Mycroft said.
Strangely, Sherlock didn't much mind getting woken up every two hours when it was John doing it. He wanted to write down the data, but the first time he'd fumbled for a notepad in the bedsite table next to him, John had shot him a quelling look, and he'd stopped. Right, rest.
He heard Sherlock make a questioning sound behind him and repeated, "Stay," as he exited Sherlock's bedroom. He made his way to the kitchen, and just as planned, there was a tray full of ice cubes in the freezer. John took them out and closed the door softly, hoping that Sherlock had no idea what he was up to. He grabbed the bag of sex shop items as well, bringing all of it back ready to test out.
"I was doing fine," Sherlock said sulkily.
It would be asking Mycroft for help that would be the difficult for Sherlock, in more ways than just the usual.
"So, did you like that?" John asked softly.
“Are you serious?” John said, laughing and handing me our room card.
"It's not about the touching," Sherlock said, just to be sure John wouldn't get it wrong.
Perhaps he would get John a watch. John's current watch strap was worn out and he needed a new one. Satisfied with this plan, Sherlock settled back to wallow in this sense of belonging.
"It doesn't matter, John," Sherlock said. "Will you just leave already?"
John started with the left leg, pushing Sherlock's ankle up to his arse and leaning against it while he started looping the rope around both Sherlock's thigh and ankle. This wasn't too hard actually, it was a bit like a cross between binding up a wound and using knots he'd learned in the army to tie things down. His main concern, which was accidentally hurting Sherlock by tying the knots too tightly, was negated by his training as a doctor.
It made sense to him. This case was interesting, and in the very end, John had appeared striking while wielding his Sig with precision. Somehow, he found himself drawing John holding his gun up and glaring down the barrel at their suspect. Sherlock almost put it away with the rest of the drawings. Instead, he secreted it away.
"Why?" Sherlock asked.
He briefly considered trying to climb through a window, but reconsidered and simply decided to break the door down. Mrs. Hudson would forgive him, especially since Sherlock was in trouble.
Sherlock had learned nothing, he was simply doing what felt natural to him. But it was still gratifying to hear John's enjoyment of the act was at least equal to his own. He wriggled his tongue back and forth, experimenting. He pulled off to lick just at John's slit, then swallowed him down again.
"That's not fair, what if I can't tell what you're drawing?" Sherlock complained.
John smiled.
John immediately replied, "I promise."
I opened my mouth and said....
"That was very quick," John commented. "Whoever it was only had a couple of hours to find him and kill him."
Were the general comments.
was certainly not what he'd expected to say.
Without thinking about it, John hand-signalled Gladstone.
Remembering where he'd found Sherlock's prostate, John drew the dildo partially out and then pressed it back in. Sherlock's eyes flew open, and he gasped. Following that cue, John started up a slow rhythm that had Sherlock writhing on the bed and pulling his knees back more.
"Please, John, I was just trying to figure out if I could tie these knots properly," Sherlock grumbled. "There, you can look again."
"Where are we headed?" Sherlock asked.
First one in the bullseye. Second, third... fourth was outside the bullseye. Sherlock took a sip of his drink, as per the rules, and steadied himself for his last shot at the board.
The stag night was definitely something that Sherlock had a rather vivid memory of.
“Oh,” John said, his face falling.
Sherlock took a bite of his pasta and felt the flavour burst across all his tastebuds.
They hadn't tried penatrative sex on either of their parts yet, and John had thought Sherlock was quite content with fingers and toys. Apparently he'd decided he wanted more.
"As you wish," John said.
Sherlock was afraid that he was perpetually on the naughty list.
"I promise I am," John said. "Like I said, this isn't how I wanted this to happen. It was far more romantic in my head."
"That's good," John said. "So, when you consult with them, are they always that rude to you?"
“You know, we’re not your personal database,” Sally said as she took them to her desk. “You can’t just get us to run plates for you whenever. It’s against the rules.”
Sherlock gasped and squirmed, but didn't say a word.
"I'm sure we'll figure it out," John said firmly. "Now for the important part. Can I kiss you again?"
Would John help, or would she laugh at them?
This chapter update has been a while in coming, but I hope it was worth the wait.
They wanted to take him to the hospital without John, and so Sherlock stirred up quite a fuss unil John was located and brought to him.
“Yes, I’ll meet you at the fountain in the garden once I find Xavier,” Malcolm said. “We’ll both be there.”
“I’ll bring you back something from the restaurant,” John said, dashing his hopes again.
What Sherlock wanted to say was, "Tea, John."
"Are you all right, Sherlock?" John asked in concern. "You sound a bit... off."
"I can help you with that," the man shouted back.
He had been so distracted that he hadn't even realized that someone had come into Baker street and left him a flash drive. Mycroft's people were getting better at leaving no trace of their passage, and Sherlock ruefully stopped his study of how flame-resistant nail clippings were and went to get John's computer. This was far more important. The sooner he got his voice back, the sooner he could use his usually impressive skills of deduction to drive Chantelle away.
“We would have thought of something,” I assured him quickly. “Now, to find a room to search.”
"Victorian," Sherlock replied, wondering if John often read or watched Gothic books or films.
"Do not!" Sherlock protested.
"Are you sure that's what you want?" he asked.
Sherlock's neck and ears flushed, and John smiled secretly as they made their way back home to Baker street.
"I'm fine," he protested.
"Bumblebee," Sherlock said grudgingly, cheeks pink.
Molly's father, the King of Alendale, rested his head in his hands. “Is there no hope of their recovery?”
"Very well, permission granted," John said.
"Alright," John conceded, shaking his head. "Fine."
Happy birthday jinglelockscock! (Sorry, couldn't figure out if you have a new alias on Tumblr)
"I still could have done it," Sherlock said sulkily.
The warehouse was exactly as he had left it, and no matter what he did, he couldn't find any other clues as to why Mr. Fielding had circled the warehouse on his map. It was entirely frustrating, and Sherlock's only consolation was that he hadn't missed anything the first time. There really was nothing to glean from the warehouse.
For a moment, Sherlock lost all the breath in his lungs and couldn’t think of anything to say. He knew his mouth had fallen open and hastily shut it, swallowing hard. John was all golden skin and solid muscle, obviously from playing rugby. He had more hair on his chest than Sherlock, and Sherlock wanted to bury his fingers in it. His cock jutted up, flushed a deep red, hard and resting against his abdomen.
"No, not even close," Sherlock said with a laugh. "In fact, the last time I saw her, she left me stranded naked in a desert."
We quickly retreated as the yelling continued and we were able to escape with the card unnoticed.
Sherlock tried very hard not to pay attention to what else was happening to his arm. He trusted that John would take care of it, take care of him. Make him better, as promised.
Sherlock hummed in satisfaction and flexed his wings, "No, I don't suppose you could."
They had both finished their pasta and were still sitting and watching the telly when John’s warmth, of which Sherlock could feel the proximity, suddenly sank against his side, became the weight of something else. John leaned into him, his head against Sherlock’s shoulder, and when Sherlock turned his head slightly, his nose was buried in John’s tawny coloured hair.
"Leave me out of this, Mother," Mycroft said, patting his hair down over his high forehead, where it was already starting to thin.
"John," he called softly. "Joooohn. Wake up. You're dreaming."
Their hair looked terrible.
And after all this time keeping it a secret, never telling anyone about the trauma I’d undergone, I finally capitulated.
Sherlock made a rumbling noise in his throat, and it sounded enough like a purr that John laughed. It was a good sound, and Sherlock could feel it against his cheek and in his chest. John's fingertips found a sensitive spot, and Sherlock arched his neck back to urge him on.
If only John were brave enough to tell him otherwise.
"I'm going to give you twenty-four strokes, Sherlock," John continued. "I want you to count them for me. If you say anything besides counting, I'll add on six more. If you move your hands, I'll add on six more. Understood?"
"Is it too much while we're in public?" John asked.
Too large to be for John.
"It's fine," Sherlock reiterated, not wanting John to get out of the bed and leave Sherlock by himself.
Sherlock approached the bed, but didn't move within arm's reach. He could leap backwards if necessary. John would feel even more terrible if he woke up to find he'd harmed Sherlock accidentally, even in sleep.
"Sherlock," he said.
"Sherlock, I told you yesterday not to bother with the matchboxes. We still haven't figured out what drove that poor man mad. What if they're poisoned somehow?"
John wasn’t budging, and it was so absurd that I couldn’t help but want to laugh. Or cry.
Sherlock hummed and turned on his back, limbs still loose from pleasure. John carefully straddled his head, putting a hand on the bed for balance.
"Oh, he does clean up nicely, doesn't he," the woman from before gushed.
Finally, he licked around the soft skin of Sherlock's hole, his tongue skimming the rim. It was still gaping, and John licked just inside. Sherlock started gasping under his breath, pleading in a low tone for John to add more pressure, anything.
John turned back around. “Why do you doubt me?”
John wanted to continue to be angry, but when he showed up at Wiggin's place with the antiseptic and some bandages, it helped. Methodically washing his hands and tending to the injuries of the young drug addict calmed him, and as he finished wrapping up the bandages, he felt better.
It was true, Sherlock had no idea why John liked spending time with him, not when Sherlock brought down all sorts of unpleasant things on him. From assassin wives to not-dead friends. Best friends. That's what John called them, in spite of all that.
It what they all did, out here. He'd received more help from people in his exact situation than anyone else out there.
"Oh?" Mycroft asked, raising an eyebrow. "I will give them, if my dear brother asks for them. And will take Mummy out to the theatre."
"What about noises?" Sherlock asked.
John maneuvered them over to Sherlock's bed and got them both carefully situated on the edge. She didn't tip Sherlock over onto their back, as easy as that would be at the moment.
There wasn't much that he could do tonight. As much as he wanted to keep researching and figuring out the clues, he would have to wait until morning. He would have to visit the warehouse again, and go talk to Mr. Fielding.
That drew Sherlock up short, and he stopped. John nearly ran into his back and huffed as Sherlock turned around. He raised his eyebrows.
"Anyway, I played it more in uni, at parties," John said with a laugh. "Learned some very interesting things about some people when we did that. Like, did you know, Mike Stamford has never had a one night stand?"
Without really thinking it through, adrenaline lending them energy, they dug through the nearest drawer and found a pair of scissors. They were lab scissors, all metal for sanitation purposes, and with a curved end. Not meant to be used to cut through anything thick. Sherlock marched down the hall to the bathroom, and before they could think about it, before they could reason it out and talk themself out of it, Sherlock grabbed a handful of their hair and snipped it off, close to their chin.
“Piss off,” Sherlock said, and tucked his phone away.
"Oh, that's a good lad," John groaned, reaching down to run his hand through Sherlock's curls.
Sherlock is no closer to getting his problem fixed, but John is closer than ever to the nurse he met at the hospital.
He had to keep his genius guessing, because nothing was more boring than being predictable.
"It's just a haircut," Sherlock protested, although it was anything but that, in their own mind.
John sucking on his collarbone pulled a groan from his throat, and Sherlock vaguely realized his fingers were clenched in John’s shirt.
Sherlock nodded anyway, huffing again.
Happy birthday
"He strikes on Valentine's Day," Lestrade said, with an eyeroll. "Kills a couple, every time. Lays them out all posed in hotel suites with a Valentine's theme."
“Oh,” John said, and for a moment, Sherlock was worried that was going to be a problem. “Boyfriend then? It’s fine, it’s all fine.”
"Sherlock..." John said. "I know you've been on hormone suppressants. How did you end up in heat?"
Everything was getting a bit blurry, and John firmly insisted that they get a cab back to Baker Street. Sherlock stumbled after him and tumbled into the backseat of a cab, one that John had managed to acquire for once. He fell a bit too far and leaned into John accidentally. He smelled like cigarette smoke and pub food, bar smells. Sherlock knocked his head lightly against John's and sighed.
Nothing made sense, and Sherlock couldn’t even ask the questions he wanted.
“It's all right, Sherlock,” he said. “I don't mind taking on this case if you're up for it.”
And so, to his own surprise, he heard himself saying, "Okay."
One of the worst things was, John thought, that he might have been one of them, once. The real wolves of London were the businessmen in suits, the ones that no one thought to fear.
Sherlock flushed and he couldn't move, he was so suddenly and completely turned on.
"No, he's not. Lestrade is waiting for her at the entrance," John said, hands behind his back as he walked.
Posh Bloke grinned and said, "Ah, but that's not how you know him, is it."
"Alright, if that's what you want," John said. "Condom?"
Baker Street was locked up tight when he got there, and Mrs. Hudson wasn't answering the door, so she must be elsewhere. John stared up at the windows of 221b and sighed. He had to get in there somehow.
"Okay, fine," Lestrade said. "I happen to be missing a certain pair of police issue handcuffs, and I would like them back, if Sherlock hasn't lost them at the bottom of the Thames or something."
John almost asked about shoes, as his worn out combat boots were on their last legs, but pride made him keep his mouth shut. But even as he went to get them, he realized that there was a pair of brown brogues by the door waiting for him. He looked at Sherlock, who simply gave another impatient gesture.
John leaned against Sherlock in the car on their way to the resort. He'd been trying to acclimatize Sherlock to being touched by him with limited success. Sometimes, if Sherlock saw him coming, he'd be prepared for John to touch him, but if he did so without warning, he would start.
"Okay," John repeated, more firmly. "First things, first. On your knees. You know what to do."
King Alendale looked askance at John.
"Wait, who's he?" John asked.
Sherlock did, pushing outward to test if he could unbend his leg, but the tie did hold, as John had promised it would.
He was starting to get a little too heated up, so he checked to see if Sherlock was still soft from his orgasm. Sherlock wasn't hard yet, but John had a fair estimate on how long it took to get Sherlock going again.
“Lestrade isn’t even supposed to be here,” John said. “Not that I don’t appreciate his company.”
This 221b fic is for
Oh. Oh dear.
a) Stay as still as possible and hope that Malcolm leaves
Sherlock flushed, and John giggled, leaning up on her tip-toes to kiss them on the cheek. Sherlock looked at themself in the mirror a second time, admiring how their face looked so different now that they didn't have all that hair around their face. It changed the whole way their face looked, made it seem sharper, more masculine – which Sherlock supposed was the point of it.
Sherlock almost didn't notice the comment, but a light tug on the braid at the back of their head made them pay attention. Sherlock tensed. Normally, John's compliments made Sherlock swell with pride and contentment, but Sherlock's stomach felt like it had a cold lump in it when they realized what John had said.
"If music be the food of love, play on!" Sherlock shouted in rapture, not seeing that John had opened the door and was standing at the entrance to 221b.
And then there was madness.
McTavish was trying to turn the lights on and cursing, having not realized that the reason his lights weren't working was because of a breaker switch. John and Sherlock started sneaking towards the still-open door.
"You're doing so well, love," he said, stroking Sherlock's arse, rubbing a finger over his arsehole. Sherlock pushed back against the pressure and whined as John withdrew. "If you're very very good, we'll let you lie on my lap, how does that sound private?"
He lubed up two fingers and pressed them up behind Sherlock's balls, circling and massaging Sherlock's hole without pressing in. Sherlock whined and pushed back, trying to get John to press inward. John chuckled.
Trust John to be curious at all the wrong times.
Sherlock answered, and John held his breath, listening to the sound of his heart slowing down again, the stress washing away with the return of the case. There was something really wrong with him, if the threat of danger actually soothed his nerves.
"How do you know I'm not the second option?" John asked.
“If what?” Sherlock asked.
"Yes," Sherlock said.
“And Molly's,” said Greg.
There. Much better.
Sally put him back in the ambulance.
"I'm not drinking it!" the cashier denied. "Anyway, how do you know that?"
As soon as Adam McTavish was around the corner, Posh Bloke leapt to his feet and went to the back door. John and Gladstone followed at a more sedate pace, and John watched as he fiddled with two long, thin metal objects.
Data suggested that John didn't mind sharing a bed with Sherlock. Data also suggested that Sherlock benefited a great deal from sharing a bed with John in terms of physical health, and found it satisfying emotionally and mentally.
"Yeah, so long as you don't mind mine," John said, with a slight smile.
"Good," John said, then aimed his next hit for the place where Sherlock's thighs met his body.
"Just go," he said wearily. "Text me if you find anything."
It wasn't stupid, but Sherlock didn't expect anyone to care about what was going on in their head. Most people didn't want to know anything that was going on in Sherlock's head, and liked it even less when they started voicing them aloud.
Sherlock moved toward him, until he was inches away, but still not touching John. Moving slowly, John took Sherlock's arm and draped it across his waist. Then, he pulled Sherlock even closer with an arm around his shoulders. Their foreheads touched, and John carefully tangled their legs together. Sherlock's muscles were stiff, and John could tell by the way Sherlock avoided his eyes that he was nervous.
"Are you sure?" John asked.
John and I entered the hotel lobby, and there was one person at the front desk. I had a few questions, but I had to decide where to start.
"Wrong!" Sherlock announced, sweeping into the room. "I'm sure he does, it's just that I've never seen his work firsthand, and I'm sure vital clues are missing."
"Sherlock shot her an exasperated look. "I do know that, I just can't move the rocks they're on."
John didn't understand until he met the others.
John grasped his hips and picked up the pace, almost thrashing, face red, sweat drenching his hair. The simmering heat exploded outwards, sending rushes of pleasure through Sherlock’s body. Vaguely, he felt his cock jerk as it spurted hot fluid all over his stomach as that spot deep inside him convulsed in pleasure. As all his muscles trembled, he heard John cry out and stiffen above him.
But they never dared to cut it, because what would Mummy say?
"Those are ordinary scuff marks made by the door being too enthusiastically being thrown open by employees," Sherlock snorted. "Nothing sinister in that."
The knock came again and Sherlock ignored it. He would go away eventually.
"It's psychosomatic, you know," he said quickly.
"I'm going to get it," Sherlock said.
Sherlock poked his head out of the door, and then looked up at John standing across the street. He was wearing his blue robe and pyjama pants and one of John's ratty old t-shirts that Sherlock must have nicked at some point. Just seeing Sherlock in his clothes sent a possessive surge through John that John clenched his hands to subdue. His hair was darker and limp with sweat, and even across the street, Sherlock's aroma drifted to John's nose.
It was only then that he realized he was aroused, as his cock bumped against John's hip. In shock, he broke the kiss, pushed John away by the shoulders, still feeling the warm throb his cock had made upon contact with John's body. It was disconcerting to be in this situation, one he'd only ever been in alone, with his own hand. He'd never before shared a private moment like this one.
But John didn't want to hear it. John was somewhat content with Sherlock's apology, but he still didn't realize how close John had come to not existing at all anymore. He hadn't realized that Sherlock had sacrificed so much for the good of his only friends, his city, and his country.
By the time Lestrade got back to the crime scene carrying a paper cup in one hand, most of the officers present were frantically searching for a way down. The grate was far too small to accommodate an adult human person's body, and it was welded shut besides, and had been for a long time.
“What do you want, freak?” she asked.
Sherlock muses on the properties of John Watson.
Sherlock gets warm.
And John... John thought that Sherlock only wanted to have sex with him because of his heat. Sherlock would never tell him that he'd wanted this from the moment he'd realized that John had shot the cabbie for him.
Lestrade looked as if he wanted to ask more questions about John's involvement with Sherlock, but returned to the crime scene. He beckoned them both over, and they made their way across to a building that was mostly rubble. Half of a brick wall was still standing, and a few wooden supports were charred black.
“I can’t go anywhere like this,” Sherlock said, wrapping the blanket tighter around himself.
“Wow,” she said, peering out from behind it. “Did you know that would happen?”
Sherlock turned with a small upturn of their mouth.
D) They both wake up at the same time
Sherlock and John go to a reunion.
"And anyone who gets it outside of the next one will have to take two!" Donovan said, sounding pleased with herself for coming up with it.
"How do you even manage to get yourself into this condition, Sherlock," John said. "I could have sworn this was one of your shoulderblades until I realized your actual shoulderblade was over here! Knots should not be so hard that they resemble bone!"
Sherlock looked around at the evidence and sighed. John was getting more and more agitated that Sherlock wasn't around, judging by the empty jars of marmite on the counter and the excessive number of beer bottles, both empties under the sink and full ones in the fridge.
"That's not quite as accurate as you think," John pointed out.
Hello all, sorry for the delay in getting this next chapter up! I was really not in a good headspace the past week because of the BLM protests. I'm feeling a little better now that I've taken some actions to help. But here's the next chapter! It was actually a tie, and I had to roll a dice to decide what happened. I hope you're still having fun reading this.
"I still can't imagine why," Sherlock said, frowning.
“Yes, Sherlock?” he said, voice calm.
"Well, what do you suggest, immersion therapy? And how do you suppose you'll do that, simply snog me into submission?" Sherlock looked agitated.
That's how he justified sneaking out close to ten at night, Gladstone at his heels, taking all the back ways to Baker street to avoid cops.
The door downstairs opened.
Logically, he knew that he needed to rehabilitate, go to therapy, find his old friends and reconnect, get a job. Doctor John Watson knew these things, remembered them, but Captain John Watson couldn't bring himself to do any of them.
"We should take a walk later," John said.
John looked back and smiled, "No need to be nervous, luv. It's just me, you know."
John stomped out the door without even changing into his date shoes. Sherlock screamed wordlessly, and threw himself down on the couch. To his horror, he could feel tears forming at the corners of his eyes. He dashed them away, and lay there trembling with the force of his anger.
He unwrapped the sandwich and gave half to Gladstone. She gobbled it down quickly, in two bites. John ate his more slowly, savouring the fact that it was reasonably fresh, and that he hadn't dug it out of a garbage pile. It even had meat – and cheese. If he only had some tea to wash it down with, then that would make his day.
The first night hadn't been their finest. They had arrived on the island right before a terrible storm which had sent huge waves dashing against the tall cliffs and wind whipping all the trees back and forth. Sherlock had planned to create some sort of shelter after they found a suitable place, but he'd been forced to land and try to protect them both from the storm.
Satisfied, Sherlock returned to experimenting. He'd called John's bluff.
"That's it, love," John said softly. "It's okay to be close to me."
It should have been impossible to get lost. It was a garden. It was a very large garden, but that didn't make it any less humiliating that Sherlock had managed to get them lost. The paths all looked the same.
Sherlock sulked and John hummed as they walked. Sherlock would have said something impatient, but John just smiled and tugged his arm. After a while, Sherlock had to admit, it was calming to walk through this quiet garden, and the flowers did smell lovely.
Molly turned out to be rather useful after all.
“As you wish,” John said, and kissed the groove of his hipbone.
As Sherlock undressed, John pulled his jumper off, but left his jeans and vest. Sherlock lay back on the bed, shifting so he was in the middle of the bed.
John rolled over again, and Sherlock blinked in surprise as his sudden proximity. John smiled and reached out under the covers, finding Sherlock's waist and dragging him closer. John rested his forehead against Sherlock's chest, sighed contentedly, and to all outward appearances, went straight back to sleep.
"One of us says a word, and the other says the first word that pops into their head," John says. "We can go back and forth. We should try and go as fast as possible and see where we end up."
After their pounding hearts both slowed down to a normal pace, he asked, "Think we can top that one?"
“We don't know yet,” said Lestrade. “We wanted to get you to investigate because we don't want the police to be officially involved yet.”
"I found your Sig," Sherlock continued. "It only has one bullet loaded. I unloaded it. When I was 26, I OD'd on speedball. It wasn't an accident."
"Her owner is dead then, aren't they," Sherlock said. "You were fairly close, and Gladstone went through the same thing as you did. It's why you're so loyal to one another."
"You better be sure about this."
Next, Sherlock considered that it was possible that he himself was contaminated with bedbugs, because he'd been in their environment for several hours. First, he checked himself obsessively in the mirror every five minutes to see if he had any tell-tale red bite marks. Second, he stripped off all of his clothes, dumped them in the contaminated zone, and left. They couldn't hide on his person if he wasn't wearing any clothes.
"That's the spot, yeah?" John asked huskily.
"I wouldn't classify that as a party," Sherlock sniffed.
"Yes?" John said.
"Microwave"
John surveyed the area and what he had to work with. He knew exactly where he wanted Sherlock.
This was different. John was warm and present in a way he hadn’t been before, and his mouth was gentle and soft. It was euphoric.
Sherlock's mother always complimented their hair, because it was long and beautiful, and it flowed down their back in rippling curls.
"O-o-oxytocin," Sherlock had to try several times to get the words out.
Hope you enjoy this chapter!
John is setting out on his quest to find Sherlock. What obstacles might this intrepid knight face? Meanwhile, are Sherlock and Molly having second thoughts?
"Fun part?" Sherlock asked. "That wasn't the fun part?"
"There's a lad," John murmured in his ear, and Sherlock blushed and hid his face in the pillow.
"Very good," John murmured.
There was a pause in which everyone froze. I even stopped breathing.
John and Greg wandered into the nearby forest with the dog on a lead. The dog had immediately started pulling them in a certain direction, and it seemed to correlate with the direction that the amulet wanted them to go.
“She seemed interested in the cases,” John said. “I happened to mention one, and she was all ears when I told her the rest of it. Even the deductions. It was pretty amazing actually.”
“Not until you come over and let me look at your hand,” John said.
"Yes, ha ha, how funny," Sherlock replied bitterly. "Of course you're not my girlfriend. What a hilarious notion! Why would anyone, but especially John Watson, want to date Sherlock?"
They had always suspected that Mycroft knew more than he was letting on. Sherlock hadn't told anyone anything about their gender identity problems, not about their pronouns, not about the dysphoria, not about anything. But their brother was harder to fool than most people, because he wasn't looking for "normal" things, and Sherlock's genderfluidity wasn't normal at all.
"It will heighten the anticipation I feel if I can't see your motions, but I can still hear them," Sherlock said. "I'll hear something and want to know what it is, or to feel the rush of knowing I was right. I think I'll enjoy it, and so will you, tease that you are."
"That's good," John whispered, stroking his side. "Shh, let's rest a while until the next round."
"Y-y-yes," Sherlock stuttered over his words, finding it hard to get the letters out in the right order. His head was a jumble of pleasure right now.
"I've already got a head start on that," Sherlock said dazedly.
"I'm Sherlock Holmes. I think you must have received my cousin's email?"
"You'll be..."
"Very good, John," Posh Bloke said. "You've put it together. Faster than the police at any rate.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock, I’ve made a mess of things,” John finally said. “I didn’t mean to make you feel like I didn’t want you to come over. I do, all the time.”
"Really, Sherlock, you're still going on with this?" Mycroft said. "I was certain you'd be tired of it before the end of an hour."
"I thought you weren't catching me," Sherlock snarked from above.
"What?" he asked, looking down at himself.
Sherlock's pink tongue lapped at the tip of the lolly, and then he lowered his mouth down slowly over the entire length. His cheeks hollowed, and then he pulled off with a pop.
John raised the injured hand up to his lips and pressed them to the hurt finger gently, barely a brush of skin on skin. Sherlock blushed and hid his face in the couch. He heard John chuckle against his back and snorted indignantly.
"I... hate my hair," Sherlock said. "I've always hated it. I've wanted to cut it off for years and years now, but I didn't. My mother loves my hair. Everyone loves my hair. People like my hair more than they like the person attached to it."
"Anyone who hits outside of this circle will have to drink," John said.
He went to physio for a while, for his shoulder. He just couldn't handle it. The doctors were always upbeat, cheerful, and certain of his recovery. They would tell him encouraging things and smile, like they knew everything would be okay in the end. John couldn't stand them.
There was sweat dripping into John's eye, but damned if he cared about that right now.
John divested him of his trousers so quickly, Sherlock wasn’t sure how he’d done it. He palmed Sherlock’s cock through his pants and Sherlock whined, rolling his hips up. John growled against his throat and kicked his legs further apart. Sherlock trembled and waited as John’s fingers brushed over the inside of his thigh, teasing him with soft passes of his fingers.
Molly got back to work, and she soon had the man cleaned up and ready to examine. The very small, thin marks weren't very deep, and Sherlock examined them carefully. They certainly weren't made by a dagger, as Sherlock had said before.
"We're used to sharing a bed by now, right Sherlock?" he said jovially. "Saves us a hundred quid for the night, although I'd have been happier to have gotten a train back to London."
“That's no problem,” John said. “He's with a girl, right? One he was supposed to marry. True love's first kiss reverses pretty much any spell.”
Sherlock, who had landed on his back with his feet up in the air, ankles still on the edge of the bed, sat up and glared.
"Not even me?" John said softly.
"Forget I said that," they said, without looking at her.
And then he drippled a line of wax onto Sherlock's chest.
"It usually isn't witches or warlocks," Sherlock felt he needed to point out.
"Whatever you mean, I'm sure it wasn't anything nice," John said. "I'm leaving. Goodbye Sherlock, and good riddance. I'll see you when you've calmed down somewhat."
Also! I'm on Twitter now @TeaTestosterone!
"You're thinking too much," John said.
Inside the window, there was a basket of puppies. Their coats were red, sleek, with tiny little curls at the ends. They were tumbling over each other, playing and barking. Sherlock bit his lip, hard.
“Nice room, this,” he said conversationally. “Night, Sherlock.”
Sherlock looked him over and decided that no, John really couldn’t be a serial killer at all - was in fact studying to be a doctor.
“We need someone to go undercover,” Lestrade said.
If only the position and the noises weren't so suggestive of sexual activity. Sherlock felt their cheeks heat up and was thankful that John was facedown on the floor and couldn't see their embarrassment. Sherlock managed to rub out a few more knots before John sat up, rotating her shoulder and making it crack loudly.
"I'm not letting you in," Sherlock said, and left it at that.
"You don't need to give one to Mrs. Hudson," Sherlock said, twisting around. "She lives right downstairs, and she'll be visiting her sister over Christmas anyway."
With a flourish, they came to a halt, and John lifted Sherlock's hand to his mouth and brushed a soft kiss over his knuckles. Sherlock blinked in surprise that something that simple felt so huge to him.
As they left, Sherlock realized that John had the nurse's number written down in his pocket. Sherlock swiftly pick-pocketed him, only to have John grab his hand.
d) Say nothing at all
And that's exactly what John intended to do, except something happened to change that.
"Okay?" asked John.
"Ah, yes," Lestrade said, looking guiltily at John. "That. I'm sure you've noticed, but our murderer likes..."
"Then you know that I can tell that you're reacting to an environmental trigger and it is not, in fact, as you say, 'nothing.'" Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him.
John teased him with one finger until Sherlock was trembling all over and the curls tumbled over his forehead were dark with sweat.
John chose that moment to look up and catch his eyes. Sherlock couldn't blink as John locked gazes with him, seemingly mesmerized.
"We should probably talk about this," John said, but his dilated eyes spoke a different story.
b) Ask after Alice Vernier
"I could just not come," Sherlock said.
"John," they murmured softly, looking up from where they were pipetting chemicals.
Sherlock was back with their coffee, and he immediately started explaining the multiple layers of history and how exciting it all was.
. John could swear his hair was standing on end.
Sharing a bed was more companionable than Sherlock had imagined.
"I wouldn't mind," Sherlock whispered. "I wanted the same thing."
"My shoulders can handle it," Sherlock said. "Besides, you don't have to force my elbows to meet, just get them as close as possible without hurting me."
"It's not nothing," John said, more quietly. "I can tell that something has been bothering you. Something I said or did made you uncomfortable. What was it?"
"I also knew you wouldn't be able to resist correcting my deductions," John said with a laugh. "What are you doing in there, Sherlock? Come out and have some dinner."
Sherlock bit his lip and then cried out again as John stroked him again, circling his thumb over the glans, pressing against his frenulum. It was pure sensation, and Sherlock lost himself in it, unable to do anything, even reciprocate, as John touched him.
John liked him, and had all along. Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure where this was going, and John hadn’t pushed anything. That was good.
“No need to be so snarky with me,” John said. “Look, you’re obviously frustrated, but that doesn’t mean that you should snap at me.”
Sherlock shrugged again. "The Met doesn't. Sometimes I get paying clients through my website."
He braced himself and slowly opened the door. John was whimpering wordlessly in his sleep, twisting and turning erratically. His t-shirt was drenched in sweat, and his teeth were clenched. Sherlock turned on the light, hoping that the introduction of lighting would wake John up. No such luck.
"He is a police detective," John said mildly. "I'm sure he'll figure it out."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock wished that he could say that his love confession was smooth, planned out, and above all, calm. However, that was anything but the case.
Sherlock lay down in his bed and watched as John climbed in the other side.
Sherlock struggled with quick, jerky movements, removing the robe and John's ratty t-shirt. John's hands immediately went to smooth up Sherlock's sides, thumbs tweaking at Sherlock's pebbled nipples. Sherlock whined and panted as John's mouth joined the fray, lapping and sucking at them.
"I'll pretend I didn't hear that," John said cheerfully. "Poor Di, she hasn't had much luck, always chooses scoundrels."
He ran out of money.
"Let's go home," Sherlock said, going back in to clean up their bench.
"No need to look so smug, Sherlock," Lestrade admonished him.
“Let's go,” he repeated.
Sherlock whimpered and bucked his hips up entreatingly. John finally tucked his thumbs into the waistband of his pants and pulled them down, releasing Sherlock’s erection. John closed his hand around the base and stroked up slowly. Sherlock groaned and rolled his hips up.
John had the rugby pitch all over her, grass stains on her knees, a bruise on her upper thigh, a baggy rugby jersey, and dewy hair from where she had been tackled to the ground.
"It's everything," Sherlock said, for the first time struggling with how to explain. "I hate my body a lot of the time, because it feels like it doesn't belong to me. It has nothing to do with all those body positivity things I see everywhere nowadays. It's just... what I'm feeling. It's called gender dysphoria."
Was it… working?
"It was yesterday afternoon," Sherlock griped. "But I'm fine!"
Eyes dilated, Sherlock complied, looking back over his shoulder at John as John positioned his knees for him, propping his arse up in the air.
Gladstone wasn't really one for baths, so John wondered how he had managed to accomplish this feat. Gladstone didn't do anything that she didn't want to, and not many people wanted to argue with a seventy pound animal with big teeth.
Malcolm himself was the real mystery. Why would a TV anchor become a murderer? And why these men? What connected them? The lack of information was frustrating, but I had been so focused on John this case that it had been almost impossible to think through everything properly
Sherlock settled into the curve of John's body, content and sated. Things might change, for the good or the bad, but right in this moment, Sherlock was happily comfortable where he was.
“I’ll make you some,” John said. “Do you like curry?”
“What’s so funny?” asked John.
John wasn't entirely certain how to explain that one. Not if Sherlock didn't already know why that might be a problem.
"Fair enough," John said.
At least that made sense in his mind, because no one could take the music from him. He swept into a song, and it poured from his bow, communicating his feelings more clearly than he'd been able to speak. At least the matchbox hadn't taken this from him, because music had no words, but spoke to people without them.
"Kissing them better," John said. "What, did your Mum never kiss your owies better?"
Sherlock shivered and whined. John was going to have so much fun taking Sherlock apart, piece by piece.
He quickly found enough for him and Gladstone to share, and they made their way back to their space, where John had stored a few flattened cardboard boxes and hidden his dufflebag. Gladstone was happy to curl up by his side and guard him in sleep, and when she was there, he had no PTSD-fueled nightmares.
Sherlock dashed to the bathroom as soon as they'd both finished to clean his teeth, and John waited for him to instigate play.
He thought he'd actually managed to hide it from Sherlock, and then one day, he came home from work early and found it was missing. Surely, he'd just misplaced it? A thorough search of his closet did not unearth it, so with a sigh, John concluded that Sherlock must have found it.
"Sherlock?" he said in confusion. "Have you been burning something in here? What were you playing? It was nice."
"That's not everything, is it?" John asked. "There's something you're not telling me. Such as why you've been avoiding me."
Sherlock gets a surprise.
He realized that while he'd been in the shower, his clothes had been spirited away, and a red robe was neatly folded waiting for him.
Sherlock flushed, then arched his neck to the side. John kissed down the length of his jaw and down his neck, gently. His thumbs came up to knead Sherlock's nipples, and Sherlock's back arched. John's mouth came down to cover one, lapping at the little hard bud and sucking it until Sherlock made tiny little sharp sounds of pleasure. He smoothed his hands down Sherlock's silky sides, feeling the jut of his ribcage, and the curve of his hipbones.
Sherlock almost couldn't believe that John was getting them measured for a bespoke shirt. This felt like a dream, because it couldn't actually be happening to them. Not only did they have a relationship with John, John knew about their gender identity and respected it, plus they were finally feeling more at ease with their own appearance. It was something they had never imagined would ever happen.
"You were happy with Mary," Sherlock said. "What changed?"
Sherlock stared down at the screen of his mobile, a message to John open, but Sherlock couldn’t think of what to say. He was in between classes, and just wanted to say something, to remind John that he was still there. There were probably a lot of smart, attractive, soon-to-be-doctors in John’s program, and Sherlock needed John to know Sherlock was thinking about him.
"Go wait in my quarters, Private," he said. "I've got a little something to prepare for you."
This toy was about the same size as John was. Sherlock whined as he eased the enormous thing between his cheeks and into his hole. It was still gaping from having the plug inside him, and slick with natural lubricant. Sherlock bore down on it and gasped as it pushed past one opening, and then the next.
He came out into the living room in the robe, and Sherlock looked at him and announced, "Haircut and a shave required immediately."
The beverages were poured, and Sherlock sipped at it, the sweet spiced beverage warming him up inside. They shared a careful silence.
“Oh, what is it, chap?” asked John.
"Whoa," John said, grinning up at them. "Don't fall now."
"Yeah," John said with a shrug.
Sherlock came over and inspected the room as well. He leaned down toward the grate at the bottom, then got down on his stomach to actually sniff at it.
"We're together now, though, aren't we, John?" Sherlock asked desperately in a sudden rush. "This isn't just some sort of experiment, or a one-time thing, is it?"
“At least the rent is cheap,” John sighed. “I did wonder if maybe I’d gotten a bit too lucky finding one with rent this low. Now I know why.”
"Thirteen," he whined raggedly, voice higher.
John smiled and said, “Yes, that’s right. Figured it out, have you?”
John's left shoulder was a mass of knots, both from playing rugby and university study habits such as bending over work while studying and carrying massive textbooks around. Each time Sherlock pushed their thumbs into a knot, John would groan loudly.
"You're the one who likes experiments, Sherlock," John chuckled and then said, "No, it's not an experiment. Sherlock, after all this time, we've finally talked about our feelings. I don't think anything can undo this, for me, at least."
John was already pulling on his coat and getting his shoes back on. He was clearly raring to go, even if it was only down to the NSY building. Just spending time in the monotony of ordinary life was apparently grating on John. This was why John always came when Sherlock said there was a case. Because in those moments, he was anything but ordinary.
The day he arrived back in London, the skies were overcast and threatening rain. It was a huge change from bright open skies and the endless horizon of Afghanistan. He knew London, had been a student here, had done his residency here. But somehow, this space felt alien now, all wrong.
"Sherlock, as soon as the shops open tomorrow morning, we'll go and get you a proper haircut," John said. "Mind you, it will be shorter than what you're used to –"
Sherlock hated his flat.
"I don't need food as often as you do, John," Sherlock said petulantly.
John brought their head down again, and Sherlock sank into the kiss with a soft noise, hands clutching at the front of John's terrible jumper. They would have far preferred John to wear her rugby jersey. She looked very heroic in it. It was in this moment of distraction that John delved into their mouth, and Sherlock let out a startled moan as their knees buckled.
“Perhaps,” said Greg. “Maybe we can take a look in the forest nearby?”
“Sherlock,” he one day said to me. “Have you ever been in love?”
John’s hands caressed him, dragging fingers down his jawline and over the curve of his neck, and Sherlock could swear he could feel his fingerprints embedding themselves in his skin. John’s mouth followed, and Sherlock’s skin tingled, sending little frissons of pleasure that collected and then flowed downwards to puddle in his groin.
After this cryptic call was completed, John immediately hopped in a cab to make his way to Baker Street. John, having gone through the whole fiasco of having to turn in his wife to the British authorities for espionage and having his dead best friend return from the afterlife, John had settled in to his home apart from Sherlock for a little while. He'd meant to return to Baker Street eventually, and now that there appeared to be an emergency, John was recalculating in his head when that would occur.
Sherlock's sheet was curled up on the floor in the hallway, and just the sight of it made John's mouth water. He supposed that turnabout was fair play. Sherlock knew what the hint of nudity did to John. It was hardly John's fault, Sherlock's body was glorious, like an white canvas waiting for him. That was why he looked so divine all tied up – or reddened by crop weals.
He moped around the flat, glared at the dishes in the sink and the cockroaches scuttling across the cracked linoleum and eventually went out onto the balcony in a fit of pique, digging out a carton of cigarettes.
We had to stay as still as possible, and fast. John opened his mouth to say something, and I didn’t even think. I wrapped my arms around him, making sure to cover his mouth. He stopped whatever he was doing, and we both froze in a kind of odd embrace.
"What do you want from this?" John asked. His hand found its way under the edge of Sherlock's shirt, and stroked his back.
"Are you saying I have shapely legs?" John asked, amused.
Sherlock opened the box, and a fuzzy snout poked out.
And then they stopped again. Time seemed to freeze as John's eyes widened in horror, and Sherlock's breath caught in his chest and became almost painful in trying to escape again.
“It’s just a dream, why shouldn’t I be okay?” I answered, trying to avoid answering.
John found the B&B with little difficulty, and Sherlock sat back and waited for John to ask for two rooms, anticipating the argument when there were none to be had.
"Sherlock?" he asked through the door.
"John, I'm a man who has retained his sexual innocence to his third decade. I think you can safely say that this is not about sex," Sherlock said dryly.
"Off?" he asked huskily in Sherlock's ear.
"What are you up to?" John asked in amusement.
“I want to see you,” John said in a husky voice. “May I?”
He collected the next item from the bed, and Sherlock's eyes widened. It was a leather collar, similar to the cuffs. It was a slightly different thing to ask someone to accept being collared.
"Not for Christmas," Sherlock said. "I haven't had a Christmas list since I was a boy."
"Really?" John asked, eyes wide. "We'll have to change that."
John looked out over the ocean from the hotel balcony and breathed in the warm, salty air of the Mediterranean. John had never been to Beirut before, and he'd never have imagined he'd end up here.
Sherlock cried out loudly, sound pouring from his throat, deep moans from somewhere visceral inside him. That was the spot then.
Sherlock was making little mewling noises, so John sped up his strokes until Sherlock was wailing in between gasping breaths.
The man groaned, but didn't regain consciousness.
John pressed the finger in deeper, while licking Sherlock’s cock from root to tip. Sherlock gasped and writhed as John continued to lave attention on his cock while fingering him open. The pleasure washing over him in the wake of John's skill distracted him from the discomfort, and soon even that faded, and it began to feel quite good.
"There's no 'just' about you, John," Sherlock said, and his voice sounded far too wrecked for this early in the evening.
"What is your cousin's name, sir?" the front desk clerk asked.
"Not very professional," John said, lips pursing.
John said, "So is that why you were avoiding me then? Because you thought I would judge you for having a different gender identity?"
"Would you rather watch a rerun or get your early birthday present?" Sherlock asked, gasping as John kissed down his chest.
Sherlock didn’t trust what would come out of his mouth if he protested, so he stayed silent, trying to appeal with his eyes alone.
"What's that?" John asked sleepily.
John let him in and took him to his kitchen, which had boxes stacked up in it.
Sherlock flung the window open and bellowed out the window, "JOHN."
It really wasn't fair. There was Sherlock sucking enthusiastically on his lolly, seeming to enjoy it without consciousness of what he looked like to an audience. His only audience was John, who was currently giving his performance a standing ovation.
"That's... a tailor's," they said. "A posh one."
"Well, good night!" John said cheerfully as he turned over.
"She what?" John asked, sitting up in surprise.
"That's six more," John said sternly. "Tell me your safeword, and then we'll continue with your cropping. We'll start at three, since I've given you two already."
"There, I'm making it all better," John said.
What was this? He wasn't sure, because they hadn't really talked, just sort of fallen into these actions as if they were perfectly natural. They were wrapped around one another, and Sherlock wasn't entirely certain how it had happened.
I started looking through drawers and John stood guard. I hadn’t found anything useful yet when John rushed over. Without saying a word, he opened the closet door, pushed me inside, then came inside himself. He shut the door behind him. Before I could ask what he was doing, I heard the front door open!
Sherlock made a thoughtful noise in the back of his throat.
"We wait for the person we found to wake up, and for forensics to test the blood we found," Sherlock said. "Also, we should question Maggie Jones, now that we have more evidence against her."
"Really?" John asked with another smile. "You absolutely certain about that?"
"It's okay, I've got you, sweetheart," John said roughly in his ear.
It was late by the time that Sherlock went back over to his own flat, and he wondered when he’d become so… ordinary. Then again, it wasn’t every day a person like him met a person like John Watson.
He wasn’t certain how long he played, but when he stopped, it was five minutes till midnight. It was almost time for the year to come to a close.
"You can say no," John said. "Just know that if I put it on you, only I am allowed to take it off again."
"Ah," John said. "We had better go and pack then."
What to do?
He’d been planning an experiment, but John wanted him to come over.
"Well, let's try it out together, then," John said.
He only had half an hour before John was back from the surgery – forty minutes if he stopped to get a paper and some milk from Tesco on his way home. There were too many bedbugs, and they'd had the entire day to spread out and infest the house.
John huffed and walked across the road. He wasn't going any farther than that. He had yet to set eyes on Sherlock, and he wanted to be sure that he was okay.
Sherlock shook his head and shrugged.
“If I…” John didn’t finish. Instead, he put the plate of curry aside, leaned across the couch and kissed Sherlock on the cheek, right below his cheekbone. Sherlock blinked, startled, and stayed very still as John pulled away again. He felt a little dazzled at the unexpected show of affection, and that it seemed as if John was announcing his intentions.
John looked up at me quizzically. “But don’t I have to pretend to be your boyfriend for this retreat?”
So he was a teeny bit jealous of the attention that John was paying to her, and not to his brilliant deductions. How was John to admire Sherlock’s deductions if he couldn’t even speak in order to voice them?
"Dopamine," Sherlock whispered.
Then he pulled my head down and pressed his mouth against mine.
The elevator button on the first floor was broken, so Sherlock decided to run up the stairs rather than bother going to the second floor. When he got to the sixth floor, he immediately realized that John wasn’t home. The door to the flat next door was closed, and the light was off.
This was actually his third night standing at the bottom of the stairs and trying to summon up the courage to climb them. The other night, he'd managed to get his foot on the second stair for ten minutes, and then he'd turned and fled back to his room. God, he hoped Mycroft didn't have any spy cameras around to pick up on this ridiculous act.
"There is not a tap up there for this beer, so I must conclude that this keg is down here for a reason other than being served." Sherlock rubbed his hands together with excitement.
He rushed off to class, knowing he was already five minutes late.
Mycroft frowned thoughtfully. "Well, I suppose technically I could, because it's their fault this happened in the first place, and I could insist..."
A pause as Lestrade continued talking.
Sherlock gets back to the scent of spices and wine.
Mrs. Hudson was baking, and somehow, John had been roped in to help. Not that he seemed to mind. Sherlock watched from the doorway as they put their batch of shortbreads into the oven. There was flour everywhere, and the kitchen was a mess.
“No, that’s fine,” I said a little too quickly for my comfort. “I was just worried that you would care.”
Sherlock’s hips bucked up again, and he made a sobbing noise as John teased him. Sherlock’s heart throbbed as John leaned down and made a rumbling noise in his throat as he rubbed his face along the length of his cock. Sherlock nearly fell of the bed as he squirmed when John closed his mouth around him and swirled his tongue in a way that sent liquid heat rushing through him.
"Come on," John said, taking their hand. "We've got a lot to do today."
For the most part, nothing out of the ordinary had happened.
The first finger burned in a way that was not entirely pleasant, bringing him back from the edge slightly. It had been a while since he'd had anything inside him.
"Business dispute!" Posh Bloke snorted as if amused. "As if I'd bother investigating something as dull as that. No... I'm here because of a double murder."
All the chairs were occupied, and the nearby pool table was moored to the floor anyway. No one was tall enough to just reach up and get it, and even if he was, Sherlock wasn't going to jump up and down trying to get it like an errant schoolboy.
"I have half a mind to leave you here and just run away by myself!" Molly snapped. "But I need you, and you need me."
“Well, good morning,” John growled against his ear. “Looks like someone’s awake.”
"You won't tell, right?" John giggled as they exited the lab.
His hopes were dashed at once.
“You want to be an army doctor,” Sherlock blurted suddenly, to fill the silence.
"Go away!" Sherlock said. "Do you not understand the meaning of 'no' when you hear it?"
At the compliment, Sherlock renewed his suction, licking and sucking as if there was nothing better to do than suck John's cock. John could hardly believe that the dark head bobbing in his lap was actually Sherlock. It was like a fantasy come to life.
Almost, but not quite.
“Sherlock,” John said, looking over the newspaper in his hands. “Just hear the man out, will you?”
"Never have I ever lost my virginity before I was fifteen," John said.
“Sherlock, Sherlock wait,” John said. “What does this mean? Have we made any progress at all? Surely we can look up who that building belongs to and figure out something.”
"I just wanted groceries," he said to Gladstone, feeling the anger slowly abating, but leaving behind a defeated heaviness in its place.
Sherlock made an exhausted-sounding whimper, and John pulled him closer, wrapping his arms around his torso and bundling him close.
Sherlock perused the ring and decided that he might as well look it over with a microscope and see if he could find anything else out about it. Such as, why was it in John's sock drawer, of all places? And if John was trying to keep it hidden, why had he chosen such an obvious place?
John watched in horror as greyish blue blood went everywhere and the naga collapsed.
"Something bothering you, there?" John asked pleasantly.
One of the store's managers came to stand over the shoulder of the cashier. Seemingly emboldened, the cashier stood up straighter.
"I won't fall," Sherlock replied, putting his full weight on the trellis.
A porter got their bags for them, and Sherlock went up to the front desk to check in, John at his side. John reached for his hand and easily entwined it with his own. Sherlock, who had been about to speak, seemed to take an extra hard breath at John's touch.
I opened my mouth to protest, because surely this was making John uncomfortable, when John himself spoke up.
"Oh, and you have a friend!" she exclaimed, leaning down to look at Gladstone. "I'm sure I have some canned dogfood around somewhere, just let me check... oh, you can go on up if you like."
John simply shrugged. “I’ve slept in far worse places with far worse people.”
"You've been such a good lad," he praised. "You can speak now. Would you like your reward?"
"Who has not wak'd to list the busy sounds of summer morning, in the sultry smoke of noisy London?" Sherlock replied.
wrong with me eventually.”
And suddenly, Sherlock's hands were spreading out across his arse cheeks, and Sherlock's thumb was massaging his perineum. His mouth didn't stop lapping at him, and John's hand stuttered on his cock. Sherlock circled hard with his thumb, and John felt a jerk in his abdomen.
“Yeah,” John said. “My ex.”
"Get this off," Sherlock said, going for the hem of John's jumper.
"Bill Murray?" he asked, although the answer couldn't be more obvious.
Sherlock is lonely.
"You know, this isn't the end of the world, you know," John said, hand running over their head. "It's fixable. We can definitely fix this."
As Sherlock walked around, he could make out some tire treads that lead to the back, where a great garage-type door lead to the back alleyway. It was closed, but a few of the boards were broken at the bottom. One patch of the floor was swept free of dust, and upon closer inspection, there was a matchstick in one of the piles of dirt on the floor.
He didn't know what to concentrate on, John's mouth tracing his neck with his tongue and teeth, or the fact his erection was pressing into John's hip. The dial on his arousal had jumped from moderate to in-danger-of-combustion, and if they didn't go inside soon, Sherlock feared that their first time together was going to reach its peak right out there on the street.
John put his ear right next to the grate, and Sherlock knocked on the grate. There was a dull noise that echoed down below, but John couldn't tell what he was supposed to be hearing. Sherlock kept rapping with his knuckles, eyes closed, as he tried to calculate something that John thought seemed impossible.
Sherlock complied, staring John in the eye as John lifted up a little slice of apple to his lips. Sherlock's eyes glinted, and John nudged the piece of apple against his mouth. Sherlock reached out and bit into the apple delicately, chewing and then swallowing, eyes fastened to John's face. John leaned forward and brushed a kiss over his honey-sweet lips.
I could feel his heartbeat against my back. It was nice, and I tried to decide what my best course of action was to this situation. John was being stubborn, and clearly wasn’t going to give in without a fight.
"As you wish, sweetheart," John said.
"Bah humbug to you, too," John said.
It wasn’t an optimal time to go and try to talk to Mr. Fielding again, sadly. He would have to wait until daylight hours to go and question him.
"That's... that's two words again," Sherlock finally choked out.
It didn't take Sherlock long to drag them into a taxi, their hair still wet from the shower. John smirked as Sherlock wincingly took a seat in the back of the cab. John was actually surprised Sherlock had managed to dress so fast in spite of recent events.
He wasn’t sure whether it was his inexperience or the fact he was still a little high on body chemistry, but his technique was a little sloppy. Not for lack of enthusiasm, he loved the taste and feel of John in his mouth. He couldn’t believe he’d never tried this before, it was amazing.
"Darling wouldn't have sufficed?" Sherlock asked, hardly believing they were even having this conversation.
With a deep breath and a sense of deep trepidation, Sherlock unlocked the door.
"Sherlock –"
Everything seemed magnified. I could smell John’s musky scent underneath lemony laundry soap and cheap 3-in-1 shampoo. I could feel John’s breath on my collarbone, and the subtle rise and fall of his chest against mine. I licked my lips nervously and closed my eyes, trying to get my bodily reactions back under control.
John continued, "You know, I still don't think I like women, per se. If you're genderfluid, however... then you're not a woman at all, are you? You're something completely different."
"Damn," Sherlock muttered, because he'd forgotten to undo his cuff buttons.
“Oh,” Sherlock said softly, his heart fluttering like a breath could extinguish it as easily as a candle.
As they were walking inside, suddenly, John grabbed Sherlock's hand in his and squeezed it lightly. John held on for about five seconds, five seconds during which Sherlock didn't dare to breathe.
“You coming in?” John asked.
"It's nothing," John said sharply, a warning.
"You do know something!" Lestrade exclaimed, pointing. "I know that look. It's the 'Sherlock has done something funny again that I shouldn't tell Greg about' look."
John said softly, "You're beautiful."
John didn't say anything, but he could feel the presence of Sherlock behind him, loitering in the doorway at a safe distance.
Sherlock actually dropped his cigarette in surprise, tried to catch it, and then dropped it again because he’d grabbed the lit end.
Sherlock tapped the name of the hospital emphatically.
As it turned out, Sherlock was something of a lightweight. Even consumption of low levels of alcohol on a regular basis did not prepare one for bar-hopping, apparently. But it was with Lestrade, and this time, Sherlock would keep an eye on his own drink and make sure John didn't contaminate it with tequila.
"That will never work," John said. "Do you really think that Donovan could act all lovey-dovey with Sherlock?"
John snorted back a laugh and hastily started undoing shirt buttons. "You're a right menace, Sherlock Holmes, seducing innocent doctors while they're watching telly."
John tsked at him, but didn't say anything. Sherlock approached John carefully. He wanted to touch John, and now was the perfect opportunity to do so under the guise of poking at the terrible jumper.
"You always look so startled," John said softly. "No matter how minor my touch is. Do you always react that way to people touching you?"
John had a pile of Christmas cards and a list of everyone on it. Sherlock sulked on the couch in his robe, his back facing John pointedly. John didn't seem to notice. He scratched out the names of various acquaintances and stuck them in envelopes one-by-one.
“No, of course not,” she said. “It’s my job.”
"Come here then," John said, voice low.
John looked down at his roast beef sandwich.
“Ah... I see,” said John. “Well, you can’t have her back now.”
It turned out the entire squad was somewhat good at darts.
They lay like that together for a few moments, before Sherlock reached down to find that John was still hard.
"What are you doing," demanded Sherlock.
Well, one thing he could do now was go without John.
"Not as such," Lestrade said. "She always just thinks that we're removing suspects from our list when we've talked to her. We've never had enough evidence to question her properly."
"I don't think I quite understand what you mean," John said, hand clenching.
John moped about this while in the store, picking up microwavable food, and soap, and biscuits. He tried not to eye up the package of alpha-sized condoms in the health isle, but couldn't help but think of it. There wasn't much he could do besides put all of this in a basket and leave it on the doorstep.
"Not hungry!" Sherlock said through the door.
"I've got you," John said.
I rolled my eyes. “There you go again. See?”
"Then why do you always seem like you hate it?" John asked.
Everything inside Sherlock ached to call John again, and this time open the door for him. Sherlock had long since deduced that John's cock was on the largish side, even for an alpha. How he wanted it to be John filling him up, instead of the plug which was currently there.
“Great, we’re neighbours, then,” John said, turning to grin at him. “I hope that you don’t find me too annoying.”
"Oh, I don't know, perhaps we're trying to get Sherlock to be able to speak normally again?" John said sarcastically, ever at Sherlock's defense, which was nice, since Sherlock couldn't currently hold up his own.
“So do you,” John replied.
"Go away, John," Sherlock replied, a tired feeling rising in their chest. Being this anxious over an extended period was exhausting.
"You can release him into my custody, I'll watch him," John assured the disgruntled and slightly bruised attendants. "I'm a doctor, I know how to take care of patients who've suffered a concussion."
"Move, John," Sherlock whispered against his ear.
It probably wouldn’t have been cold if Sherlock wasn’t naked, and also wasn’t covered in drying sweat from their earlier activities. Still, his ankles and calves were chilly, and the draft was unpleasant.
"You really don't," agreed John, and patted Sherlock's bottom lightly once Lestrade had turned back to the crime scene.
“More tea!” John said quickly and refilled the kettle.
a virgin after I was fifteen."
"Maybe another day," Sherlock breathed.
The breathless quality of Sherlock's voice, the vulnerable shake as he mouthed that word silently to himself after he'd already said it aloud made John's heart throb almost painfully.
"So you have no evidence," John said.
Unfortunately, Sherlock hadn't the power to help John out. He was too far away, and Sherlock was already on the way to Mr. Fielding's house. He couldn't communicate with the cab driver that he had to turn around.
The bed and breakfast sent up a pot of tea for them, and offered to bring a hot water bottle as well, as it was a very damp night. Sherlock sat in confusion on their double bed, waiting for John to finish using the shower. This wasn't going at all like he imagined. John was supposed to protest more, and Sherlock was supposed to try to convince him of the wisdom of staying the night.
"Lestrade's police-issued metal handcuffs," John finished and sighed.
A pause.
"Yes," Sherlock said, feeling out of sorts. "I just got back."
"I do, too," John said, nudging her forehead against Sherlock's.
This is for my 221b birthdays. Today is
"Follow your spirit, and upon this charge cry 'God for Harry, England, and Saint George,'" Mr. Fielding said solemnly.
The thing was, it had been almost alarmingly easy for Sherlock to convince John to sleep in his bed, and although this should have pleased him, instead Sherlock was suspicious. He didn't know what was going on, but he intended to find out.
He was disconnected from it all. The endless English rain was the most depressing thing in the world, and it never went away. Yet it couldn't wash away the Afghan dust.
"You might not be wrong, John," Sherlock said. "Someone tampered with this latch – it won't close properly."
"I did, but we should pause. Time out of sorts," John replied.
“As much as I boasted of your feats earlier, I still have my doubts about you,” Mycroft said silkily.
Once he was done with that leg, he admired his handiwork. Maybe it wasn't as aesthetically pleasing as in the book, but the sight of Sherlock on his stomach with his legs bound up still made something squirm in his gut. God, what a sight.
Sherlock frowned and stopped fiddling with his slide.
“I don’t take much stock in celebrities,” Sherlock snorted. “I don’t believe half the stories I’ve heard.”
Here goes nothing, Sherlock thought, and twisted the knob.
This was starting to get frustrating, and Sherlock groaned and threw his arms up in the air and huffed. He twirled and left the room, hearing John apologizing for him behind him.
"We're going to try and figure out what stabbed our victim," Molly said. "Would you like to help, John?"
"Cake." Obvious.
"Tis one thing to be tempted, another thing to fall," Sherlock said with a sigh.
He reached down, grabbed both their plates and blew out the candles.
“The one who slew the dreaded Wyrm of Northlia?” asked King Alendale. “The one who swam with sirens and lived to tell the tale? The feller of the Grim Giant, the rider of griffins, the eater of fire?”
to help with his bondage education?
"Indeed," Lestrade said. "We think we know which person he was targeting, so we've told this... this..." Lestrade reached for a file on the desk and drew out a sheaf of papers to look at a name. "Benedict Cumberbatch about his peril and asked that he keep his reservation so that we can send in an undercover team."
Sherlock giggled, sending a hiss of steam up into the air.
John quickly grew bored of staying in the den with Wiggins, even if he did occasionally patch up some wounds. The antiseptic was already getting low – life on the streets could be rough.
“Your mouth,” Sherlock begged.
Sherlock did.
"Wine?" John asked.
"Are you going to take it down?" Sherlock asked.
"I'll get that one, then," Sherlock said.
"You've begun to sweat around your hairline and your pulse is up by 20 percent," Sherlock said, eyes narrowing. "Something is making you anxious."
"Didn't know how to ask?" John asked softly.
"I thought you had only been thinking of it," Sherlock said.
Obviously, John thought with a snort.
John and Gladstone help Sherlock break into a pub.
"You know, we're just taking the freak's word on it that you're a military doctor," Donovan said with a slight sneer.
The clicking sound gave it away.
It could
"No," Sherlock said. "Otherwise it would be a continuous circle of me saying 'John' and you saying 'me.'"
"I'm not going to make you go with me," Sherlock said, sounding unsure of himself. "But... I would like it if you would."
John spanked him again and asked, "How many is that?"
“Leave the trade debts out of it.”
"Boys, behave!" Mummy said. "I'm going to do more baking."
"Okay," John said softly, smiling.
“Other dragons, too, no doubt,” John said wryly.
Sherlock made his way back through his flat and went to the front door, cradling his burnt hand against his stomach. It didn’t hurt as much as it had when it first happened, but there was no need to let John know that.
"Shoulder," Sherlock continued. "You were shot in the shoulder. Your physical injury makes it hard to get a job."
“I suppose,” said John. “So, I guess I should introduce myself. My name is John Watson. Who are you?”
"Sherlock?" she asked. "Your shoes are here, and they're still wet from the rain, so I know you're here. I may not be as good at deducing things as you are, but I can still figure some things out."
"This is a terrible idea," John said, not for the first time.
"What if there's still something dangerous down there?" Lestrade asked. "I should go first."
“How is she involved?” I asked.
Sherlock nodded to himself again. It made sense. John couldn't possibly argue with that.
Sherlock made a motion with his hand to indicate that he wanted the flashdrive. John rolled his eyes and handed it over without argument. He didn’t even say anything as Sherlock settled on the couch and pulled John’s laptop towards him.
They got a cab to the hospital, and John said all the necessary niceties to everyone in order for them to be let in. John was always so nice to all of these silly idiots, but Sherlock dared not open his mouth, for fear of what exactly would emerge. John seemed to be enjoying this.
"Did you do it?" a voice hissed.
Once he had his cupcake, Sherlock munched on his cupcake, licking the icing off with pleasure. He marvelled that John could read him like a book.
Gladstone rested her head on his hip, and John closed his eyes. That was better. Gladstone was guarding him now, and he could rest...
Sherlock stared at John in amazement. How had John figured it out from such a useless line of whatever literary nonsense it was he was spouting now?
He only had eight rounds left, so he had to make them count. There was no way for him to reload when half of his entire body didn't work.
"That's good, love," he said. "Come on, let's get you up on the bed and take a look at you."
"Is this okay?" John asked, even as his jumper was flung off into some vacant corner of the room.
"Oh, Sherlock," John repeated. "There're so many."
"Alright, okay, I'm coming," John said, rolling out of bed.
“I’m running plates for them,” Sally said.
"John, John, John,
“Kiss me?” Sherlock said hopefully.
"We need CCTV camera records," John answered for them.
John just smiled and nodded, returning to his tea without any apparent worries.
"But you won't," Sherlock said hurriedly.
"I hope you don't snore," was all John said, as he tossed Sherlock an extra pillow.
The car let them out a little ways from the theatre, and Sherlock's parents were already waiting for them. Mummy cooed and fussed over John, telling him how nice she thought it was that Sherlock had met such a nice young man. A doctor, no less.
It turned out that the Inn did have a hunting dog, and the owner was willing to part with it – for a price.
Sherlock almost cringed at the word. He hated it when John called him 'mate.' It almost seemed like John was distancing himself from Sherlock by calling him that.
“A good sign, that,” Greg said.
John frowned, wondering what exactly Sherlock was doing at Bart's with his bondage handbook. A flashback to Sherlock giving Molly sex toys without realizing the deeper meaning behind it made him clench his hands. Surely he wasn't getting
They got back to 221b and tumbled up the stairs.
John looked up.
John opened the door, then blinked up at him, eyes slightly wider than normal.
In other words, he was sexy as hell, and was trying something new.
Sherlock was confused until he remembered that he himself had told John how to deduce if someone was attracted to someone else. John was deducing him like he had deduced Irene Adler. Suddenly mortified at his body for giving him away so easily, he looked away quickly. If they weren't in a cab, he would have left the scene of the crime immediately, but there was no such option available now.
"What's that, Private?" John asked in slight trepidation.
His head still spinning, Sherlock fell asleep with John wrapped around him.
Sherlock realized that was almost exactly what he was afraid of, and hid his face against John’s shoulder.
The day of the dreaded party, Sherlock pretended that he had something much better to do, such as a case, or looking at some fascinating dead thing at the morgue. Unfortunately for him, both Lestrade and Molly knew exactly what he was up to.
"Why me? And why you?" John asked. "Out of all the homeless people in London, why did you decide to help me?"
Sherlock watched with wide eyes as John unbuttoned his shirt, revealing an ever-widening swath of pale skin. Sherlock struggled to untangle himself from it, and John laughed softly and kissed the wing of his collarbone. Sherlock pressed his face to John’s hair and reached up to tangle his fingers in it. It was gloriously soft and smelled delicious, the scent of it working its way into Sherlock’s very cells.
John smiled and got the lube out of the bedside table, carefully slicking his fingers before slipping two directly into tight, wet heat. Sherlock gasped and wiggled again and John watched as Sherlock's hole stretched around his fingers. He curled them gently, scissoring them, before adding a third. Sherlock was so loose and pliant right now, when all he could do was moan into the pillow and shudder.
The mulled wine was good, but Sherlock couldn't help but think that John's lips, an inch from his own, would have tasted far better.
"Oh, no, if you're just doing that, I've got a date waiting on my freedom," John said. "Well, if that's all, I'll just be on my way."
She couldn't drag him to safety.
"I know, sweetheart. Once you get through this, you can have your reward."
To be sure, John could be very charming and gentlemanly in his own way. However, much like Sherlock, he found it tedious to carry on in such a manner. The difference was that Sherlock acknowledged this about himself, and John liked to pretend that he was some  semblance of normal most of the time.
“I don’t understand what’s going on,” Sherlock admitted quietly, staring at his own lap, and at the congealing curry.
"Think you can get your ankles over my shoulders?" John panted.
"Good lad," John said, stroking his arse.
They had tried calculating it. They'd written their calculations out and checked them, tried to take into account how the curls would react, but that hadn't worked either.
"Wake up, Sherlock, we've got company," John said.
"I bet I can kiss you until you melt," John said.
John nearly dropped his pint, but managed to catch it. "Christ!"
"Cluedo?" Sherlock asked hopefully.
Thirdly, John hadn't even bothered trying to keep reading. He'd turned the reading light off, reached over Sherlock to put his book on Sherlock's bedside table, and fallen asleep. He got through one full REM cycle in between alarms.
"He's not going anywhere without me as back-up!" John protested.
"Are you calling yourself a fairy, Sherlock?" John asked, chortling.
"Sorry," John said. "I just wanted a beer."
Lestrade came up beside him and made a face. "Why indeed."
"What's that, more Shakespeare?" John asked.
You wouldn't think the man a work of art, unless you were me, and still I am jealous of every woman that crosses his path, because who could not understand, who could not see what a wonder he is?
