Castiel shifted in his seat and he sat back as he took his fingers away, even when there was no back for him to rest against. “I found you close to that cliff, Dean. I found the broken bottle pieces. I carried you back here.” He says, placing his hand in his lap. Dean looks up at him, wondering how Cas could even stand to be around him after what he’d done to him. How much he’s hurt him.
Sam watches as well, but isn’t as frozen in shock as he goes to call out to Dean. “Dean wait!” He calls, trying to run after his brother. Dean rolls his eyes and looks behind him annoyedly. That’s when he sees it. The slight flash of bright, glowing red that escapes Spencer’s eyes. Like he was damning Dean to hell. But that was definitely not normal. Dean widened his eyes at the discovery, and he almost started to charge toward the man to question him.
Slutty Kelly was a nickname they gave the woman who had approached them. If some patron was banned from the bar, they automatically blamed her. She craved sex with anyone of a position of power. She acted like a prostitute. And nobody did anything.
Dean hangs his head, his mind giving him blanks as all he could focus on was Cas, Cas, Cas. “M-More th-than you know, Cas-! J-just please! Fuck me-!” Dean begged, his nails digging somewhat into the wallpaper. This seemed to be just what Castiel wanted, because as soon as Dean uttered his last syllable, Castiel had begun pushing into his hunter, cutting Dean off.
“Is he at least a better bottom than me? I know I wasn’t good Cas. I’d always been a top. I know you faked enjoying it Cas, how can anyone really want something that intimate with me?” Dean asks, clutching at his chest as it ached harder and deeper.
“It said something like ‘Stay away, if you value your life’. I know, it sounds--cheesy! But it creeped me out to translate that letter by letter.” Dean gruffly complained, picking up the burger from the take out container and biting into it.
Castiel snarled. “He already loves me, Spencer. You don’t need a spell to get him to love me, and I him. If you had approached me kindly, instead of going through all this trouble, I may have been able to help you. If it weren’t for the fact that Esther is dead, Spencer.” Castiel says, looking down to the ground and looking up at Spencer.
“Dean, please tell me the truth. I promise, things will be better off that way. We can make this better.” Castiel tries. Dean scoffs again, tears slowly forming in the back of his eyes.
Castiel’s broken, but powerful wings began to show up on the wall behind him, taking one step towards Sam. Sam immediately got Castiel’s message, and left the room. Dean felt his blood run cold, and he swallowed the lump in his throat. Castiel was pissed. And he knew exactly why. He only hoped that if Castiel did kill him, that maybe Naomi or whoever’s in charge upstairs will cut him some slack.
Dean sighed, grumbled, and rubbed his face. “Fine. One hour with this guy. After that, I’ll decide if we work together or on our own. Okay?” Dean says in a sigh.
“Would it kill you to treat me with any sort of respect? I am the link between you two being able to find this silly angel friend of yours.” Mark complained, glancing between Dean and Sam. “I expected much more hospitality from you especially, Dean. I thought you quite enjoyed yourself in my company last time-” Mark began to sneer. Dean snarled and slammed the books he had before in front of Mark, glancing around for any librarians who had the audacity to tell them to shush.
"You could call it that…" he sighed, running a hand through his hair.
The man smiled at Dean and nodded, taking a seat beside him. Dean looked down at the book he was staring at, glancing over at this almost god of a man occasionally when he thought he wasn’t looking. Dean couldn’t understand why his heart was racing. Why he was feeling this way while he’d been all over Castiel for so long. In his heart, Dean knew it was because the guy looked like Castiel.
Now that Dean was practically bare, the effect of Castiel’s grace was magnifying. He grasped at the wall, trying to find something to grab at. Castiel pulled his own pants halfway down, along with his boxers. Then his hands find Dean’s waist, pulling him flesh against Castiel’s chest.
1-800-273-8255
“Yeah. Yeah that’s what happened.” He grumbled, yanking his arm from the police officer’s grip. Dean almost didn’t believe it, but he swore he saw Spencer’s face shift into a triumphant one. With a smirk to boot. Dean had to bite back a snarky remark. He was a recently released ‘inmate’. He didn’t want to warrant them shoving him back in the cell when he had such a plan for the rest of the night.
Castiel’s hands snaked around to Dean’s front, taking the two parts of Dean’s open jeans, opening them wider as he tugs Dean’s jeans down his legs. After this, Dean can finally feel Castiel against him as he wraps his arms around Dean’s torso. He's taken off his trench coat, and Dean can feel his pants are unzipped, and open.
I feel kinda stupid. I know It's been forever since the last update, and I promise I'll get the last chapter in tomorrow. Or the day after. Thank you all to those of you who have been reading and commenting on this work, it means a lot to me.
“Well yeah, Cas. Cause apparently, all we can do is keep secrets from each other!” Dean reminds, his eyes wide and sarcastic. Castiel’s grace died a little and he calmed down a bit. Dean had been right. He had done the same thing to the elder Winchester just the night prior.
“Understandable. Well, I guess good luck with it. And here,” Mark starts, walking over to Dean and taking his hand in his and writing his phone number down. “If you need any more translations.” Mark says, winking at Dean. Geesh, didn’t this guy know what a one-night stand meant?
“Damn it, Mark! Fuck me already!” Dean growled, shoving his ass back into Mark’s hands. He’d only ever bottomed for Cas, so he knew this was going to be a different experience. Cas never had to prep him, since he had his grace. So Dean didn’t know how this was going to feel. He was starting to wish that maybe he hadn’t said yes. Because all his mind could think of, even as this was all happening, was Cas. Cas fucking him, Cas teasing him, making him beg. That wasn’t fair to Mark. But all of Dean’s body kept telling him yes. So he gave in, and kept his eyes shut. Mark didn’t have to know he was imagining Cas, and not him.
Dean leapt away from the car and raced towards the wide entrance to the office. He scanned the place for signs of the angel, trenchcoat, tie, something. And that’s when he saw the phone. Dean raced over to the small black object shattered on the ground in several pieces. Dean’s eyes widened in shock, tears peering over the edge of his eye’s waterline as he picked up the small sticky note with runes written on it. Presumably a ransom note.
Sam sighed after Dean finished, shaking his head. “Dean, I need proof of this. I can’t just go on a hunch.” Sam starts, making Dean roll his eyes. Dean was getting sick and tired of Sam’s bullshit. Even if it was because of a stupid spell.
Castiel takes Spencer’s hand in his and flashes him a smile. “Honey, these are my old friends. The ones I told you were helping me with this case.” He says. Spencer still seemed wary, but nodded, turning towards Dean and Sam, extending a hand.
Slowly, blue eyes opened and began to take in the view around them. Castiel let out a groan, knowing that this wouldn’t have happened if he had more of his grace. His grace had been what was protecting his vessel from fainting when hit with hard objects, keeling over when stabbed, etc.
Dean was speechless for a few seconds. This guy was one of Cas’s neighbors? If Dean had known that he would have offered to be the run-guy and just take quick trips to and from the store, taking a half hour each time. Dean swallowed and chuckled, sighing a bit. “Yeah, u-uh, unfortunately. Cas is a… he’s my best friend.” Dean says longfully, flipping the last few burgers he had to grill. Mark raised an eyebrow, putting pickles and mustard on his burger bun.
“Hey Sam, have you noticed any… odors since you’ve been here?” Dean asks, looking over at his brother in interest. Sam looks taken aback, smirking in confusion.
“No Cas, I’m fine. I have personally, never been better.” He insists, forcing yet another hard expression onto his face. Castiel looks down at Dean’s feet, knowing that this wasn’t going to work. Not with Dean pushing him away as he was.
Dean finally pulled up to the forensics office and quickly found a parking spot. “Where’s his phone now, Sam? Is he inside?” Dean asks, turning off the car and getting out of Baby.
“Hello Dean. Who might you be?” Castiel asks, putting an arm around Dean and squeezing his hip where no one else but Mark could see. Dean could taste the annoyed tone in which Castiel used. It was almost like he was jealous. But that wasn’t possible. Castiel was with Spencer. He shouldn’t be jealous. Didn’t mean that Dean wasn’t supposed to be jealous either.
Benny rolled his eyes in response. Dean just pinched the bridge of his nose and let out a loud and annoyed sigh. "We don't care, Kelly. Why can't you go find some other rich bastard to fuck?" He grunts. Kelly scoffs, as if questioning that Dean had the audacity to insult her.
Sam shrugs again, sighing as he pulls out his phone. “Nope. I’ve contacted almost every hunter we know. Each one of them thinks it’s something different. But the most common answer I’ve gotten is a revenant.” Sam says. Dean widened his eyes for a moment. That would explain the smell… But then how did Sam not smell it? Spencer had been gone awhile, maybe he did it every time he went upstairs?
Dean stared at the hand in shock, still blinking back tears like a schoolgirl who just got rejected. The need to run, and run fast filled his every bone and nerve in his body. But his legs just wouldn’t move. Nothing in his body was responding. Everything just shut down.
"Go ahead. He's right over there, saw the whole thing. You wanna try that statement again?" Dean teases, walking away. Dean swung his hips as seductively as he could manage just to throw salt in the wound.
Castiel shrugged, taking the phone from Sam. “Unfortunately, I cannot read this. It’s too old. I don’t remember this period of human time.” Castiel says, studying the photo. Sam shrugged, also confused with the language.
Just another day, Dean thought. Just another day to try and get through. Maybe he'll earn enough for rent this time.
Dean waved to Benny, who ran the bar and was currently bent over the counter and conversing with a very attractive woman who'd been visiting the past couple weeks. Her name was Andrea. Dean supported them.
Dean grunts as he pulls up to the scene, a full hangover in swing. His head was pounding, and when Sam had called that morning saying that there had been another killing, he had cursed him out for calling so ‘early’ when it had only been 9 am. So yeah, so far, his day hasn’t been so great.
Dean swallowed hard again in that moment, squeezing his eyes shut as he prepared himself for the blow to his chest and the pain that would follow. But it never came. Instead, he opened his eyes once more only to see a blade pushed through Spencer’s chest and light erupting from within him as he began to deteriorate and break apart. Spencer’s eyes rolled into the back of his head just as he practically exploded, and bits of him landed across the room.
Alastair rolled his eyes and licked his lips. "Oh come on, I was just asking a question. Is that wrong?" He sneered and gave Castiel a sarcastic look before turning his head to face Dean's hunched form.
Dean woke up again to a bright light, hissing immediately at the harsh invasion. He covered his eyes, looking around to find himself lying against cushions, instead of grass like he had passed out on before. He grumbled and rubbed his eyes free from sleep, feeling yet again the trail of tears he’d left there overnight. He let out a soft ‘son of a bitch’ before he began to sit up, hissing when he felt his back and stomach protest from the quick movement.
Dean shrugged. “Why not? You guys should go get lunch, I’ll go get this translated. Then we’ll head back to Cas’s place and decipher what the message means. It’ll be as easy as pie, I’m sure.” Dean says, winking at Sam, and earning a groan in surprise. Dean smiled, and strangely it felt semi-natural. Like he hadn’t had to force it for once.
Dean blew out a hard sigh through his nose and blinked as if he was annoyed. He looked over at Mark, his hand against his chin. “Dean. Not gonna give you my last name. Kinda creepy you gave it that quick.” Dean says, briefly looking over at Mark to give him a wary eye. Mark smirked as he looked over at Dean, his eyes squeezing shut as he laughed.
A nearby heavy door creaked open, and Castiel immediately tried to rev up his grace enough to break through the ties. However, as soon as he tried, he felt a force of pain run through him. Spencer had warded the place. No wonder he felt such a headache.
Sam groaned against the wall, widening his eyes in mild shock as he watched Castiel practically make out with his brother. He shrugged slightly. It was bound to happen anyway. Castiel couldn’t keep his eyes off of Dean, let alone his hands. So he said nothing, and just watched the two. Watching his definition and example of what love was sit there kissing the life out of one another.
He’d never known anything different. John had always worn a stone cold expression, said that feelings were weakness. Dean guessed he took him very seriously during that lesson. No matter what he felt, Dean knew things would never get better. He refused to let himself hurt. To give into weakness. But why couldn’t he have done that at least with Cas? Didn’t he deserve that?
But, he was unsuccessful. Since he was alone, Dean had no one to pretend for but himself. So as soon as the first couple songs ended, Dean’s happy smile fell. He didn’t understand why he couldn’t stay happy. Of course he considered the PTSD of the job, the nightmares, his bouts of depression. But why couldn’t he just stay happy? Was it really that hard? Not even the idea of getting pie cheered him up.
"Dean?" Dean heard Sam's voice on the other end of the line. Dean raised an eyebrow as he heard his brother's voice. The hell?
“We’ve only recently been able to see the victims. Test their blood types, anything that might connect them.” Spencer says, pulling off his glasses and cleaning them with his red t-shirt. Dean has to force a growl down as he can visibly see Spencer’s runner abs and muscles. His legs are amazingly sculpted. No matter how much Dean despised this man, he could mentally admit that he was better physically than Dean ever was. Dean’s own frown firmed, and the feeling of needing to cry tried to surface again. Dean swallowed the feeling and squeezed his eyes shut, taking a sharp and quick deep breath so as to not start sobbing or to let anyone know how he was feeling.
You may think that Cas, but it is real. As much as Dean wishes that it weren’t.
“I told you Dean, I know you. And with everything that I’ve seen and heard that you’ve been doing, it’s safe to say I was right.” Castiel insists, pushing the glass into Dean’s hand. Dean couldn’t even believe his own ears. How could Cas have known? He hadn’t left anything that could have eluded to that train of thought.
Castiel sighed and raised an eyebrow as Dean’s mouth opened to speak, and as his eyes met Spencer's he closed it, looking right back at the counter. That was strange. What could make Dean Winchester shut his mouth like that? Nothing could do that to the Dean he knew. Which is what confused him, and drew out the pang of hurt in his chest as he watched the elder Winchester.
“What is your problem with him, Dean? Sure, he’s shown some jealousy but-” Castiel starts. Dean’s lip quivers and he squeezed his eyes shut, finally letting tears free.
Dean smirked. He flipped another burger and winked at Mark, a wide smile forming on his face. “So what if I did? Maybe I'm missing my best ingredient.” Dean flirts, chuckling at his attempt. He hadn’t flirted with anyone in almost eight months. He knew he was a little rusty. Mark didn’t seem to think so.
“Let me tell you a quick story, about a man and his angel.” Spencer began, causing Castiel to roll his eyes. “When I was truly alive, I was the outcast of my village. Scrawny, malnourished, the runt, etc. No one wanted to pay any dowry for me. So I was alone with my flocks of sheep. Then, the invading clans came and tortured and enslaved my village, but left me for dead.” Spencer ranted, circling Castiel’s chair while glaring at the angel. Castiel was annoyed. What did this monologue have to do with anything? Castiel couldn’t even remember that time of history, thanks to Naomi. Apparently he had been a naughty angel somehow. Getting too close to the humans in his charge, again.
"Seriously Benny? The private room?! But you only get assigned it every five or so times it's used. I've only been here what, two months?! Is it the new hot spot for rich people?" Dean asked, downing the shot in one. He earned a few whoops and hollers from behind him. Early drinkers.
Dean heaves up the cobblestone walkway, drenched in rainwater, He groaned as he felt his feet slightly aching. If only Mark had told him his house was 6 flipping miles from Castiel’s place. Dean only had enough money on him to get him halfway there, and by his luck it started raining the minute he started walking towards the direction of Cas’s place. He hadn’t answered any phone calls, as his phone had died soon after he left Mark’s. What luck.
“Don’t think I didn’t want to see you, Cas. It’s just been so long that I needed a moment.” He says, fidgeting in his seat, still unable to look him in the eyes. Unable to look into those angelic blue eyes that Dean used to wake up to.
Castiel smiled at Spencer happily, kissing him back lovingly. Sam hurried over and engulfed Dean in his arms. He squeezed him close, making Dean gasp a bit for air as he patted Sam’s back. “Sam-Sammy, geeze, I’m okay, alright?” He says, pushing Sam off of him. Dean felt himself slightly smirk, looking up at Sam from his smaller height.
Dean let out another long sigh, flipping a few of the burgers as a man walked up to the grill, sipping his red solo cup. “Hey, we got burgers and hot dogs, take your pick.” Dean says in a grumble, his eyes moving away from the depressing view of Castiel and Spencer and back down to the boring burgers and hot dogs. The man chuckles, making Dean’s chest tighten as he recognizes the voice.
Dean shoved the thoughts away and just kept climbing. The smell grew worse with each step he took. How could Castiel not smell this every time he came up here? Right, he’s an angel. Duh.
Once he stepped back up to the house with the copper door, and the picket white windows, and the perfect hedges, he knocked on the door. His nerves picked up quickly as he heard footsteps approaching the door. Dean knew better than to pull out his hunting knife. But his fear was much too similar to the wariness of a hunt. He didn’t know for sure how things were going to go.
“Sam I did it again! I pushed him away! I let him go! Now he’s being held by this crazy ass boyfriend of his that just so happens to be our monster of the week!” Dean rants, his eyes wide as he sarcastically recounted what bullshit their situation was.
“No, you damn well don’t! You know it, Cas! All I ever do for you, or Sam, is get into problems that we all have to fix! I’d rather not be the start of another damn apocalypse!” Dean growled, gesturing towards the angel. Castiel sighed and began to get closer to Dean again. Dean shook his head and pushed Castiel away, having his ankles healed enough for him to stand on them.
Dean forced himself to maintain the gentle and loving smile on his face. But in his head he was cursing himself. He could have done so much worse, and so much better with Castiel. But Dean knew he could never truly give Castiel what he truly wanted. A normal life. Spencer could. He was a forensic scientist, and Castiel had a freakin house with him. With Dean? Castiel never found the bunker home. At least, that was what Dean gathered from his attitude and his opinion of the bunker. Always thought that Dean and Sam deserved someplace better.
Dean didn’t feel anything other than the pain of being cut, so he hoped that whatever Spencer was wasn’t something he could get turned into by getting his DNA in you. But nonetheless, Dean let out a grunt of pain, to which Spencer quickly covered his mouth, obviously not wanting to wake either of the other two men in the house.
“Dean Michael Winchester, where in all of existence have you been?!” Castiel scolds, his eyes wide and angry. Dean groaned, his legs still barely carrying his weight after Mark’s onslaught. His eyes looked up into Castiel’s, thinking of some reason why he would have left so suddenly.
“No use trying that, Angel. This warding? Someone very dear taught it to me. Your job was to get close enough to me to bring them back.” Spencer sneers, walking into the room looking much different from how he usually presented himself. His hair was a darker brown, and had begun falling out. His eyes were a bright red and his nails looked caked in blood and dirt. And then the most damning detail; he had dark grey skin that seemed to be decaying more and more by the minute. Castiel was astonished to see Spencer in this light. Dean hadn’t been lying. He had been attacked by the monster the night before. But he had been so determined not to hurt Castiel that he hadn’t mentioned the completely important fact that Spencer had been the monster.
Dean doesn’t want to wake up.
Finally, after a good solid two minutes of Dean adjusting and Castiel pushing in, Castiel bottomed out, and paused, letting Dean adjust completely again. Though with the addition of his grace, it wasn’t long. Dean moaned lowly, and flicked his wrist, nodding at Castiel to go ahead.
Castiel looks over at Dean through the corner of his eye as he turns away, unable to look at Dean in the eye. And all of a sudden Dean felt like the tables were turned. At first, when he first came and was surprised that Castiel was here, he was unable to look Cas in the eye. But now that things had semi gone back to normal, Castiel was the one unable to look at Dean.
“We have a neighborhood barbeque scheduled in a few days, why don’t we wait till then? We will have all of the neighbors together then. Perhaps we can draw the monster out then?” Castiel suggests.
“Why? You could have approached me and asked. Before I knew you were what you are.” Castiel asks, fighting with the bindings manually behind him. Spencer chuckled, holding his chin and effectively covering his face in more of Castiel’s blood.
Spencer scowled and stomped forward towards Castiel. “That damn witch’s spells never work how I want them to anymore!” Spencer says brusquely, shoving Castiel off of Dean before picking up Dean’s long forgotten knife. Dean coughed as he reached for his neck, only to have Spencer’s boot connect with his side, tossing him to the ground. Dean grunts and attempts to reach his feet again. Spencer again kicks him, his long dead hands reaching down and grabbing Dean’s shirt and pulling him up into the air.
Hey, sorry this one was late. I hate writer's block. :/
“Yes, but at your dispense. Dean, this needs to stop. You aren’t something that’s disposable. You matter, Dean. We need you, Dean-” Castiel starts, having finished with Dean’s tendons and was working on Dean’s rib. That’s when Dean rolled his eyes and scooted away from Castiel, his healing only half finished.
Dean’s mind is racing at this point. It’s filled with questions that had no answers, answers for non-existent questions, and a throbbing need in the back of his brain, fueling his lust driven actions. He flipped over for Mark, digging his hands into the sheets as he raised his ass to Mark’s awaiting hand. Mark squeezed his clothed ass and purred, spanking him quickly. Dean jumped, groaning at the sudden jolt of pleasure and pain.
So instead of running out of town, Dean just drove. He drove the long ways, the backways, even the shortcuts until he ran out of gas. Right up near a cliff. Dean parked as well as he could in his now tipsy state, and he tumbled out of the Impala. Dean carried the full bottle of whiskey with him, chugging the golden brown liquor as he approached the edge of the cliff. He was so, so done. Done with all the lies, the cheating, the feelings. Done with all the hiding, the tears, the nightmares. And he was done with his own self doubt telling him he wasn’t going to ever be good enough.
“Cassie! We’re back-” Spencer’s dead green eyes scanned the room as he called out to Castiel, stopping dead as he saw Dean on the couch. His hand raised and pointed at Dean, groceries in the opposite hand. “Why is he here, Castiel?” He asks, clearly not happy. Sam walked in behind Spencer and spotted Dean, sighing as he put down the groceries on the counter
“Really? As soon as I stepped in front of you and you didn’t recognize me? When you were part of the reason I had to be smited to begin with?! Hel no! You couldn’t keep your damn soldiers in line for my Esther and I to live as happily as we wanted! The only reason I could even stand you is because you gave the order for her to come down and heal me in the first place!” Spencer growled, his hands reaching out and squeezing Castiel’s shoulders tightly. Castiel gasped in pain, grimacing as Spencer tightened his grip so hard that he could almost hear the tendons in his shoulders ripping.
“Still Cas, I sucked. Whether he cheated or not I was terrible, Cas. I know you faked enjoying it. You just wanted to know how to do it and then you didn’t need me, but you felt bad about it.” Dean assumed, running his hand through his hair, not looking at Castiel’s darkening expression. “I had never been a submissive before, Cas. So I sucked. I’ve always been on top… Cause it’s always been women. The only reason women ever want me is for a one-night stand. There’s too much baggage for them to want to stick around. I guess I’m just glad that you got away from me when you did, or else you’d be stuck with me-” Dean says, blinking away more tears. Castiel finally grabs Dean’s shoulders and turns him around, pressing him up against the wall.
“So where's cologne guy? Thought he was your ‘hunting partner’.” Dean grumbled, huffing as he shoves his hands deeper into his pockets. Dean averted Castiel’s intensifying gaze, refusing to let Sam reprimand him either.
Dean yawned again, shielding his eyes from the bright light. At least he wasn’t hungover, and he wasn’t nauseous. That was a good thing. Dean kept walking down the long hallway, furrowing his eyebrows. He hadn’t remembered them taking that long to get into his room last night. Maybe it was just all the excitement.
Dean carried the books over to a group of desks and sat down to work. He first opened the different languages books he’d picked up, and pulled up the picture of the message. “Damn, could the guy have at least wiped away the excess? It’s a little hard to tell what the hell he’s trying to tell us.” Dean grumbled, flipping through page after page as he struggled to find some sort of guide to the rune type of writing.
Sam’s eyes slightly widened as he looked at the wound again, stepping forward hesitantly to inspect the wound further than he had earlier that morning. His hand briefly touched the scab that had covered Dean’s cut and he widened his eyes further. The rest of the house had been locked. How else would the monster have gotten in?
Dean felt his chest growing heavier and heavier as he was forced to watch them. He had nothing else to do. No one had come up to Dean as he cooked the entire time. Sam was busy talking with the neighbors about the recent murders and seeing if they knew anything. If they’ve seen anything.
Castiel took in a heavy breath, although he did not need it, and took a page out of Dean’s book. He spat at Spencer and growled. “Bite me.” Castiel spat gruffly. Spencer groaned and wiped away the spit, covering part of his face in blood.
Dean’s hand reaches for the bathroom door, before he changes his mind, remembering Spencer’s red glare he’d given him the day before. Spencer may be the monster they’re fighting. Or maybe he was just something else. But Sam wouldn’t believe him without evidence. Especially Cas. So what if he could find something now? Snoop around upstairs. If he got caught, he could say he thought Sam had something of his, so he went to check. It wasn’t a perfect plan, but Dean felt a part of him wouldn’t let him leave now that he suspected Spencer of not being human. He needed to make sure that, whatever he was, he wouldn’t hurt Castiel. Dean owed the angel that much.
Castiel found himself longing for what they had. Longing to hold Dean longer, to have more time to just hold him. To heal him of all of his wounds, search through all that was permitted of him and ease his worries, calm him with his grace and lull him back to sleep with an enochian lullaby. All as they used to do. And Castiel would watch over him, as he used to do.
“A moose? You mean the tall guy with the shaggy hair? Sure. Sick ‘em on me.” He chuckled. “Though I’m sure I can trouble in other ways.” Mark winks, sending butterflies into Dean’s stomach. Dean raised a flirtatious eyebrow, unaware of the angel walking up behind them.
“But turns out your definition of ‘someone giving a damn’ is a one night stand. Still hurt Cas, which is what I wanted. But you know what he did? He scolded me! For pushing you away! Can’t you just shut up for once? Keep to yourself? I swear I haven’t had any victims as much of a tattle tale as you.” Spencer groaned just as Dean heard the snap of gloves. Of course.
Dean sighed and walked into the entryway, before turning and finding the kitchen, seeing Sam there sat at a bar stool eating… something green. Dean didn’t feel hungry anyway. Dean took a seat, feeling the regret starting to pile up again in his chest. Sam looked over at Dean and sighed, offering him a plate of… whatever he was eating.
“The witness we were talking about with Thor? Well, the people who overheard the murder said that Thor was talking with someone who thought he was the Thor. You know, the Norse God of Thunder?” Sam says, reading over the witness report he’d been able to snag while they had been in the police station. Dean furrowed his eyebrows, staring at Sam as if he’d grown two heads
Spencer isn’t far off from where Dean is in terms of reaction. He blinks a few times, his eyebrows angrily furrowed. “What?! He can’t stay! We have no room!” Spencer tries, gesturing towards him. “Besides, he didn’t want to stay when you first invited him. The only reason he even stayed last night is because you dragged him back here instead of putting him back in his motel room.” Spencer points out angrily. Castiel rolled his eyes, stepping closer to Spencer.
Dean hit the side of his leg and he wiped his face with his hands, looking away from Cas. He was tired of this. All of this running back and forth between them. Did Cas still want him or not? Had Dean even asked Cas to forgive him yet? This was just all too much.
Dean glares out the windshield at the tan car that belonged to his ex. Was he really ever ready? To move on? It was his fault. He was the one to push Castiel away. That told him to leave. The memory still haunted him. It was his fault, he tells himself again. His fault that Cas left, that Cas wanted nothing to do with him.
A police officer was stepping away from the scene with a note-pad filled with witness reports and he looked up to see Dean running away from the scene. The officer instead of minding his own business, stepped in front of Dean and cleared his throat. “Excuse me, but this killing only happened a half hour ago. I have to question everyone.” The officer started. Dean rolled his eyes, his chest beginning to heave and his heart began to pound a mile a minute. He could literally hear the blood roaring in his ears, and it was getting harder to breathe. He didn’t have time for this.
“You are really that hung up on him? Dean, it’s been six months! You gotta move on.” Sam says in a sigh. Dean grunts again, huffing as he looks out the window and refuses to look at Sam. Sam sighed again, looking out the window for a moment before he spoke again. “Dean, you gotta stop this. It’s changing you. In the end, if this doesn’t change, you’re going to kill yourself Dean. And I’m not gonna lose you because of this. I’d rather lose you at the end of a gun barrel like you’ve always said you’d go, than to lose you to your own mind. So please, give him an hour. If you still hate me and want to go back to the bunker, then we will.” Sam insists, ending in a hard sigh.
Mark chuckled again, his chest pressed against Dean’s back as he whispered into Dean’s ear. “As you wish, Dean.”
Dean panted, gripping at Mark’s shirt and pulling, huffing from the sudden rush in activity. “Off, I want it off…” Dean begs, leaning his head back against the soft cushion of the pillows and letting out a groan as Mark’s lips connected to his left nipple. Mark chuckled as he moved his hands from Dean’s waist and pulled his button down shirt off.
Castiel stood there, looking away from Dean for a moment, unsure of whether or not to look Dean in the eyes. To have to see the sorrow there. Castiel wished that Dean would let him burn away the warding, let him see what was really going on in his hunter’s mind.
Sam grimaced at the pain from his dislocated shoulder against the hard wall of metal, still refusing to let go of the photo. “Cas… I think it’s time you had a dose of reality man-” Sam grunted, before he brought the photo to his teeth and ripped it in half
“That was not what you were going to say.” Dean says, his voice cracking as he stares heartbroken at Cas. a part of him is relieved that Castiel doesn’t have to risk being hurt by him anymore, But most of him felt as if he had been betrayed by Castiel again.
Sam sighed and put a hand on Dean’s shoulder. Dean looked at Sam, sighing as he turned his face towards the ground. Dean felt his chest aching, and he immediately knew he needed to get away from the ‘happy’ couple. He stood up and sighed, putting his shaking hands into his pockets. “Hey, uh, can I just go use the restroom? I’ll only be a sec.” He promises.
Finally, after what felt like forever, Sam finally spoke up. “There, he’s a few miles away. He’s at Spencer’s work, Dean. The forensics office. Hurry.” Sam gestured to the gas pedal. Dean didn’t need to be told twice. He immediately sped off down the road, not caring about the speed limit or the presence of other cars. His mind was on Cas and Cas alone.
“We already have a motel room. Sorry Cas.” Dean says, forcing another smile on his face. The thought of having no escape from the constant reminder that he fucked up, that felt like torture. He’d rather take his chances in a questionable motel room than that.
Dean wandered tiredly into the hallway, rubbing his eyes free of sleep. He looked around Mark’s hallway and what he could of his apartment. It was extremely modern. Less apple-pie life and more like how Dick lived. Dean shuttered at the thought. He didn’t want to think of that monster right now. Especially since he and his disgusting kind took Castiel away from him before.
It was of a draugr. It looked like a decaying body. Much like what Spencer looked like. It had red eyes, and had bone showing. The website said that the draugr sucked blood from it’s victims, and it’s victims tended to remind them of people who had wronged them in life. Dean guessed that maybe Spencer had learned some kind of magic to make himself look normal. And when he had struck him with the knife, it had damaged the spell. If this was what Spencer was. Though Dean wasn’t completely sure that he was wrong.
Sam speaks up again after a moment, trying to focus on the case rather than Dean’s harsh behavior. “Okay well, has anything stood out? Places? Any connections between the victims at all?” Sam asks.
“Fine, Dean. If you are being truthful, and you have never been better, then stay. Help with the case as you promised. After that? You do not have to see me again.” Castiel says in a firm tone. Dean sighed heavily, knowing that he had no way out of this. “If you don’t? And you still insist on leaving? I will follow.” Castiel warns. Dean turns his head towards the angel in confusion, and in surprise. He opens his mouth to question him, but Castiel holds up a hand. “I will make sure you do not fall deeper into this hole you’re digging for yourself. I will not lose you to your own mind.” Castiel says, his sky blue eyes digging deep into Dean’s soul, still wishing he could read his deeper feelings, understand what exactly was the core of him resorting to suicide.
Kelly smirked, holding her hips. "Hello peasants." She greeted, blowing Benny a kiss. Position of power above her. So she automatically craved his attention. Too bad he had his eyes on a very particular woman in front of him.
An officer stepped over, raising an eyebrow at Dean. “Sir? Why are you here? We saw you at the police station yesterday in the jail cell. This is a crime scene.” The officer says. Dean nodded, pulling out his badge.
Sam sighed and looked at Castiel, hoping he’d answer for him. Castiel rolled his eyes and moved the phone away from his ear to answer Dean’s question. “There’s been another murder. At the motel you were staying at.” Castiel clarifies.
Castiel sighed, looking away from Dean again. He looked like he was thinking. He pondered over what Dean said. He was right. Spencer had been nothing but unkind to Dean since he had arrived. But was that really jealousy?
Castiel remembered that when he turned Spencer around, Spencer sounded annoyed, almost surprised that Castiel had come to find him again. Like he’d planned for him to be more upset and to be crying. Castiel again, didn’t understand that part yet.
“Don’t move too quickly, your body will force you to vomit.” a voice says, gruff but still full of care. Dean looked up from where he had been sitting, and he found Castiel sitting in a chair across from the couch, reading a lore book. Dean rolled his eyes slightly, mainly just confused. Why was he here? Why wasn’t he back on that patch of grass he’d passed out on?
Spencer let out a curse in a language he couldn’t comprehend as he stared dead at Dean, almost as a promise to come back and finish the job. Then he hurried back up the stairs, probably to tell Castiel and get him kicked out, knowing the man. Or monster. Or whatever he was.
Dean reached under the couch for his things, and ended up finding where Sam had stashed his laptop instead. Dean only slightly smiled at this, pulling it out and laying it in his lap. Now to find out what the hell Spencer even was. And what he wanted with Castiel.
Dean looked into Mark’s eyes and smirked seductively. “Show me what you got, hotshot.” Dean challenged. Mark’s grin grew greedy as he got consent from Dean, grabbing his hand and leading Dean to the front door.
Castiel rolled his eyes. He crossed his arms and stared at the two men. “I found him near a cliff, you two. He drank himself to alcohol poisoning that I had to clear up. He had a broken bottle nearby. So, was he really just in need of some time alone?” Castiel asked, surprising Dean with the defense. Dean looked up straight away, blinking a few times.
Spencer starts to laugh at Dean’s expression, an obvious fake laugh. Dean joins him after a moment, and the laughter fades as fake as it started. With a sigh, Dean looks at Spencer, still inspecting him. He had to make sure he was good enough. Make sure that he was going to be good for Castiel. To be the boyfriend to Castiel that Dean couldn’t be.
“What did you stab him with? Did the silver knife that had blood on it work on him?” Sam asks, glaring at Dean questioningly. Dean nodded frantically, as if this was the most obvious thing in the world.
“A spell, silly. The least I can do for now, till that stupid soulmate of yours comes back and ruins everything. I’m putting you under the same spell as last time. Unless you want to help me willingly, so I won’t hurt anyone else you love. And you’d get to be in control of your mind the whole time.” Spencer offers, smearing the dark blood across the photo with his grey and decaying thumb.
Dean sat down in Baby’s driver’s seat and could feel the blood in his body boiling. He was antsy, like he too was put under a spell to prevent him from functioning. He knew it was his anxiety. He could barely even tell himself to start up his damn car.
Castiel chuckled as he pressed his tip against Dean’s tender ring of muscle around his entrance, making Dean moan once again. “How much do you want me, Dean? How much have you dreamed of me taking you again?” Castiel asks, nipping at Dean’s ear.
“You have been mine since I first put you together, Dean. I do not care if you are a good, or a bad bottom. All I care about is if I’m able to make you come. Hear you say my name, and know that the only thing in all of existence that can make you feel this way is me.” Castiel says in a gravelly and seductive voice.
Sam sighed and nodded at Dean, thanking him for his help. “Last night apparently. Soon after you got back there and left again. Around 2 in the morning.” He reveals. Well fuck, Dean thinks to himself, shoving the remaining papers into Sam’s arms.
Castiel looked from Spencer, a nervous look on his face before he saw Dean. His eyes widened and he stood up from the chair he’d been sitting in. He smiled and walked up to Dean, going to hug him. Dean felt his heart jump and he stepped away, his hard expression tightening. Castiel looks at him confused, and quite a bit hurt by his actions.
Dean’s hips raised desperately to Mark’s, wanting to feel something strong enough to push and drown out his longing for his past. Dean was desperate for friction, and kept grinding his now hard erection against Mark’s equally hard tent in his jeans. Mark chuckled, pulling off Dean’s jeans and pressing his hips against Dean’s hard. He leaned into Dean’s ear, soaking in Dean’s loud moans and pants. “Feel good? Excited for me to be inside you?” Mark teases, and Dean just pants and nods in response.
Sam looked at Dean, still unconvinced. “Dean, are you sure you aren’t just jealous? Man, I know you love Cas. Still do. But you gotta let him move on, and you gotta do that too. I don’t know where you went the night of the barbeque but I hope you were able to get your mind off of all this. It’s not healthy, Dean.” Sam says, his puppy eyes in full swing. Dean growled and rolled his eyes.
Dean knees Mark in the crotch and grips his collar tightly. “Oh trust me, I can get anything out of you I want. I could torture you until you tell me everything Spencer made you do, that he paid you to say and do to me.” Dean snarled, making Mark widen his eyes.
Nearby, Castiel could hear a hushed voice whispering what sounded to be Norse or scandinavian spell dialect. Castiel could not see, but with how long he’d been spending time and living with the man, he could tell it was Spencer. Castiel tugged at the restraints, hearing a short snicker echo itself from Spencer’s mouth.
Unfortunately, Dean reached the driveway and the edge of the property line too late. Castiel’s car was already driving off. Dean cursed to himself, worrying about what Spencer would do to Castiel now that he wasn’t under whatever spell that he had Sam and Cas under before.
Once he’s parked outside his small little room, he angrily gets out of the car. He slams her driver’s door and stomps up to his room. He unlocked the door hastily, and stepped into the questionable atmosphere. He spots his duffle on the ground, picks it up and starts to stuff all of his clothing into it. He didn’t care about wrinkles, or if he was ripping anything. He just needed to get out of here.
That was again, the last thing he thought of before he hit the dirt.
Dean shook his head, his hands reaching up to his head as the thoughts began to overwhelm him again. Feelings of worthlessness, and fear, and guilt were all piling up again, and Dean could feel the singular tear that squeezed out of the corner of his eye.
“Dean, would you please stay at my place, for your safety?” Castiel asks, his head tilted and his eyes similar to Sam’s puppy dog ones. Dean knew he couldn’t resist. So he looked up, glared into Spencer’s for a triumphant moment, and smirked. “Yeah, Cas, I think I should probably do that. I don’t really have the money to stay anywhere else. And besides, I gotta go get these translated. That costs money, right?” He teases, chuckling as he turned his gaze from Spencer’s angry and threatening one down to Castiel’s smiling and happy one.
Dean was completely confused. But the one thing he knew for sure was that a, Spencer was definitely the monster. B, he had to be a norse monster otherwise how the hell did he write the language on the back of the victim that he had killed when he hadn’t been able to get to Dean. Guess Dean had been lucky to have had a mental breakdown.
“Well it seems Spencer used even earlier versions of runes. I haven’t looked at this version of them in years. I need a refresher. So if you’ll let me, I can get you that message.” Mark grumbled as he turned his attention back towards the book and the note.
“And would you stop with those puppy eyes, Cas? You’re just as bad as Sam.” Dean adds, getting all three of the men’s attention. He grumbled again, settling back in the barstool and hunching his shoulders. Dean’s universal sign of ‘leave me the hell alone’.
Castiel didn’t know how, but he was no longer in control of his mouth, or his body as his voice echoed out into the room. “I don’t. I love you, not Dean.” Castiel felt physically sick as he heard the words get plucked from his mouth. He had gotten distracted, the spell took over.
“Yeah, yeah that’s my name. I’m good now. I uh… can I come in?” Dean asks, shoving his shaking hands into his pockets. “Or am I banished from seeing my old best friend again?” Dean asks in a half teasing half serious tone.
“No, in fact, I did not enjoy my time with you at all, Mark. You’re worse than my first. And he was terrible.” Dean barked lowly into Mark’s ear. Mark swallowed a huff and a snarl as Sam too got closer to his face.
Which now led Castiel to now. Why Spencer had truly kidnapped him, was something of a confusing topic for Castiel. He didn’t know why Spencer would resort to this. It wasn’t like they’d been together for long. Though Dean had told Castiel before that there were types of people who were just like monsters: obsessive and possessive of what they deem to be theirs. Mainly people. Or angels in this case.
“I know that sir. I’m agent Smith. We actually came here undercover for these specific murders. When your officer tried to question me I had to unfortunately get him to walk away, as our information is confidential.” Dean explains, in a lie he hoped wouldn’t be immediately thrown out by this very nosy officer.
‘Did you not hear me, Castiel?! Leave! Pack up whatever shit you have here and go! This thing between us? A Mistake. I knew they’d get me in trouble eventually. Just didn’t think it’d be with you.” Dean deadpans after he yells back into Castiel’s face, effectively crushing the angel’s metaphorical heart.
“So, you gonna tell me why I come in here, and I hear you crying in your sleep, Dean?” Dean hears. Dean curses and runs his hand through his hair. Of course Sam would be the first person to come see him after he assaulted a police officer for touching him while he was panicking.
Dean had to bite back the groan. The private room?! Dean's last trip to the private room had been terrible. Some hotshot business owner rented it for the night and tried to get Dean to give him a lap dance. Even though the Angel's Blade has strict rules that its patrons and customers are forbidden to touch the servers. They aren't the designated dancers. Even then there are rules on what the customers can or can't do to the dancers. Sex with a dancer would seriously get you banned from a string of bars in an instant. Dean's heard that it happened before. Serves the asshole right.
Lips crashed into each other as Mark led Dean towards his bed. Dean’s body was pressed against Mark’s, their stumbling feet banging against each other as they backed up into the bed. Dean chuckled away from the kiss for a moment before Mark threw Dean onto the bed, climbing on top of him. Dean gasped heavily as Mark’s lips began to kiss feverishly up and down Dean’s bare chest.
Castiel sighed and looked towards Dean, gesturing that he was dismissed. Dean felt a rush of relief envelope him as he exited the room in a hurry of footsteps.
A simultaneous grunt and grumble echoed from the Winchester brothers as they sat the dark haired man down in the chair in the farthest corner of the library. Mark let out a grunt and rolled his eyes as Sam pushed him into the desk.
Dean thought back to what Spencer had said. There was some truth to his words. All he brings wherever he goes is sadness and pain. Even to his brother. Did he even deserve to have Sam along on the road? No, because Dean knew he was just an extra weight to carry. Trouble seemed to find him. And he wanted nothing more than to stop it. But he couldn’t. He wanted to have a semi-normal hunting life. But he couldn’t. He wanted to love Castiel, hold him close at night and promise him that he’d always have a home with him.
Dean gave Castiel a look of confusion. This still wasn’t clicking for him. Maybe it was the hangover, he thought. Castiel sighed and closed his book. He stood up, walking over to Dean and placing his book on the coffee table between them. He picked up a plate that had a cherry turnover on it and placed it into Dean’s hands, giving him a glare that told him he was eating it. “I know you haven’t been eating, Dean. Barely drinking. You need your nourishment as a human.” He says at first, sighing heavily. Dean lessened his furrowed eyebrows, taking a small bite of the turn over, putting it back down.
Alastair scoffed and managed to pull his hand away from Dean's grip just barely. "Fine. Have it your way." Alastair sneered, walking away from Dean. Thank Chuck.
Dean gave him an awkward smile and nodded, pulling his hand back. “Yeah, thanks man. I will. Have a good day.” He says, mostly lies, as he turns around and makes his way towards the door while vigorously trying to wipe the guy’s number off his skin. He did not want any evidence of what he did all night. He’d figure out some sort of excuse to use on the way back.
Castiel’s eyes showed no change as the elder Winchester glared into them. Castiel pushed Dean back, his angel blade sliding from his sleeve and entering his right hand. Castiel grabbed Dean’s shoulder and gripped it tightly, forcing him to the wall once again. Castiel’s leg thrust itself between Dean’s thighs and threatened to knee him where the sun doesn’t shine. His hand that gripped the angel blade tightly pressed it against Dean’s neck, his chin up and his nose flared as he glared into Dean’s eyes full of desperation. “You did leave me, you made me leave. You gave me the same spiel you gave Sam when he let Lucifer out.  Do you know how much that hurt? You making me leave you so vulnerable?” Castiel sneered, his blade slightly digging into Dean’s neck. Dean swallowed hard and glanced into Castiel’s dark blue eyes, searching for some trace of the Castiel he knew.
Dean had gone to bed after everyone else. Cas had stared at him desperately all day, almost begging him to talk again. As if Dean was going to try and work things out anymore. Castiel had made it clear to him that he wasn’t worth fighting for. No matter how much a large part of him was screaming at him to go to him, forget Spencer. But the other, stronger willed part of him was being stubborn. So he was as a result, a dick.
Dean snickered as Kelly grew as red as a tomato with anger. "Just admit it Kelly. We earn our money our way. You earn it yours. Stop shoving it in our faces. Cause we got something you don't." He insists, picking up yet another tray of plates Benny piled for him.
Castiel raised his eyebrows in suspicion. “What are you doing?” Castiel asks, glaring once again at Spencer but with more fear and confusion. Spencer laughed and then began to make his way back over to Castiel. Spencer elongated one of his nails and cut Castiel’s cheek, causing the angel to hiss as the blood dripped onto the photo.
"Holy shit-" he gasped, almost dropping the thing. Benny thankfully caught it, giving Dean a stink eye.
Castiel was shaking Dean gently, his eyebrows tilted in worry as he kept calling his name. “Dean, Dean it’s okay, it’s not here. Whatever you’re dreaming of, it isn’t real, Dean.” Castiel assures, squeezing Dean’s shoulders. Dean sighed, swallowing hard.
Dean had gotten hurt more as he had thrown himself into the hunt. No game plan, no research, just ran into it not knowing what or who the monster was. Of course, this was stupid on his part, but if Dean had been honest, and with how careless he’d been, it should have been obvious that Dean wanted to die. He wanted some monster to finally gank him for real, be given a hunter's funeral, and then go on to hell. He knew that was where he was going anyway. No use denying the inevitable.
Dean hadn’t even gotten through to look around when he felt a hand lay itself on his shoulder, a very, very cold one. He jumped and reached into his jacket to grab his hunting knife. Sam had bulky and large hands, this hand was slim. And Castiel’s always had a buzz to it. It was his grace. But this hand was cold. And considering his previous recollection of revenants, he was on edge.
"So? What's your name, loverboy?" Alastair rephrased, making Dean feel like either punching the man, or vomiting. He didn't know which one his body felt like doing more.
Dean didn’t know how to feel. He knew he was in danger. Dean had an itching feeling the monster was Spencer. Why else would the monster write ‘Stay away, if you value your life’? It was just all clicking. The smell and the cologne, Spencer’s eyes, Spencer’s behavior against all of the evidence that he was collecting that didn’t actually mean anything, it all was connected. Spencer was some kind of creature. Dean knew it. But what he was, Dean didn’t know. He hadn’t heard of any type of monster that would leave a human bite mark instead of ripping out their throats like vamps. Or of any monster other than revenants that left an undead smell. Dean was going to have to do more of his own research, that he knew. He couldn’t let Spencer know. If he did? Well, then he was sure Mark’s warning would come true. Even then, what if it was all just coincidence? And Spencer wasn’t the monster? And Dean was just jealous? Dean doubted the lesser.
He was determined to make things right. To not let Castiel walk away again. To not fail him. He was going to make it right this time. He just hoped he made it to his angel before it was too late.
After talking to Castiel, Dean’s feelings were all in a knot. What was he even supposed to feel? Jealous? Flattered? With Castiel acting the way he was, Dean could almost swear he was jealous. And had come over just to make Mark go away. To assert his place beside Dean. Even if his place was supposed to be beside Spencer.
“If you know who wrote this, and who they wrote it for? You should really keep them in safety. Cause this guy basically wrote ‘Stay away, if you value your life.’ In ancient Scandinavian runes. Norse writing.” Mark says, pushing the phone back over to Dean. Then Mark began to translate the message on a piece of tissue that was left there at the desk. He handed it to Dean and gave him a look of sympathy. “Good luck with the case, Dean. You’re going to need it.” He says, winking at Dean as his hand glides across the back of Dean’s chair. As Mark’s hand glides close to Dean’s shoulder, it brushes against his shoulders, and Dean is reminded that he wasn’t Castiel. But his hand was… warm. Firm also, he remembered from when he had grabbed Dean’s shoulder.
Nonetheless, he was prepared for it to be Spencer coming back for a second round. He hadn’t found anything that could kill him yet, but he figured that if maybe they got him with silver in the chest, like a bunch of other monsters, he’d die. Dean just hoped he was right. Still he had to try a machete to his head if it didn’t.
Dean rolled his eyes and glared at Castiel, both of his fists tightening now. “I’m what Cas? What am I?” Dean asks, as if daring Castiel to finally give into whatever this was between them. Dean hoped to Chuck that Cas would do just that. Finish his sentence and maybe just maybe let Dean try again. But then again, Dean didn’t want Castiel to get hurt again. He didn’t want to hurt him again. Both sides of himself were quarreling and he couldn’t stop them from showing anger, sadness, and fear on his face.
Dean looked up at Castiel slightly in surprise. He felt like a child, not being able to sleep without their parent’s presence. Dean felt guilty for even considering it. Castiel was with Spencer. But this opportunity? And Castiel was offering it to him? Dean couldn’t resist it. He missed him.
Dean could hardly believe this was happening, his breathing was shallow and he was beginning to feel his pants become restrained. Dean closed his eyes tightly, and in his mind, he found himself imagining Mark as Cas. It was Cas kissing his chest, running his hands down his sides and making him shiver and mewl out a moan. It was Castiel who played with his nipples and bit down teasingly. But as he opened his eyes again, he felt his heart slightly sink when instead he saw Mark working at Dean’s jeans, grunting to himself.
Dean growled. “Yeah, and that was when I thought this guy was a flipping stranger! Not Cas!” Dean spat, turning his attention back to the road. Sam sighed exasperatedly, scoffing to himself.
Dean looked around the room tiredly. It seemed to be around 7 in the morning. Mark wasn’t in bed, so Dean knew he was going to have an awkward goodbye with the man. Cause Dean just had to sleep in. Dean rolled his eyes and groaned, opening his phone briefly. What welcomed him were 22 missed calls from Castiel, 25 texts from him asking where he was, and one notification from pornhub. Hey, he had his tastes.
Anyway, this one kinda got away from me, so I hope you enjoy the whole thousand more words than usual.
Castiel tilted his head in confusion. “Dean? Are you alright? You aren’t looking at me…” Castiel asks, moving his head more to see Dean’s face. Right as he was going to ask again, Sam wandered out, smiling and walking towards the both of them.
Dean was about to bring it up to Sam when Mark sat back and waved Sam over, glaring annoyedly at Dean for sitting so close to him on the desk. Dean flipped him off and hopped off the edge of the desk. Dean stood next to Mark, his hand on the chair as he leaned closer to him.
"Yeah yeah, I get it. Sorry I'm so damn clumsy." He sighed. Benny raised a questioning brow.
“Ah, my bad. So I’m guessing the other bedroom is the one Sam’s using.” Dean says, nodding towards the bedroom in question. As he starts to walk towards the bedroom, Dean hears commotion from downstairs. He looks to Spencer to clarify that he heard it too. When Spencer nodded, Dean immediately rushed down the stairs, swirling around the railing and racing to the source.
Spencer gritted his teeth as Sam fought him, forcing him to the ground with a smack. He turned his head and smirked. “Oh I wouldn’t do that just yet.” Spencer warned. Dean stopped for a moment, but not any longer. He cut Castiel’s last bond and grabbed his hand, helping him up.
Dean can’t help the dread and the hurt that rushes through him as he watches their lips collide. The panic and the guilt, the shame and the regret, all the negative feelings he’d been pushing down for what felt like forever were gushing up towards the faucets in his eyes. He felt the incoming tears and the shock and he started to blink rapidly. Cas was… he’d already moved on?
Alastair grinned. "Doesn't really fit you, does it sweetcheeks?" He asked, his hand aiming to swat Dean's ass again.
The man, Spencer, chuckled to himself. “Yeah, just finished those six miles.” He says like it was nothing. He then turns and raises an eyebrow at Dean and Sam. “Babe, who are they?” He asks, a slight smile still on his face.
When Dean first hears of the hunt, he doesn really care. He shrugs it off. You know, what he does. That seemed to be all he’s been doing since 6 months ago. Sam seems worried all the time. It annoys Dean to no end. Why can’t he just act like he could care less about living and people just ignore him? Cause he’s got a brother like Sam, he has to remind himself. It’s because he’s not ‘himself’. Whatever that means.
“Don’t worry, Cas. We dealt with the demon. He’s dead, I’ll live, winning hands on both sides.” Dean says in a grunt, heaving himself onto the map table and almost crying out from the irritation of his broken rib. Castiel rolled his eyes and extended his hand, beginning to heal the elder Winchester. Castiel’s face had been firm, disappointed, and most of all heartbroken that Dean had let himself get hurt this much.
Spencer chuckled and scoffed, his form increasing it’s height and size. “Finally you get the picture! Yes! I feed to stay alive! Till my Esther can bring my soul back to my body. Make me alive again so I can be with her once more. Though, I couldn’t do that without the grace of another angel to track her. I just had to convince you I loved you, that you meant something to me to get you to sacrifice something for me. But then that fucking EX of yours had to come into the picture! Ruin all of my plans!” Spencer growled, his fist clenching as he spun back around in a very villain like fashion.
Castiel put his hand on Dean’s shoulder and smiled. “That sounds perfect Dean. Just be sure to read between the lines. Some languages are harder to read when they have symbols to represent words.” He instructs, removing his hand just as quick.
Sam’s eyes began to widen in both shock, and in disbelief that Dean heard any of that. Sam searched his mind, his mouth moving a bit as he tried to formulate words. Before he got the chance to retaliate, a police officer walked into the room. In his stone cold expression he unlocked the cell door.
Castiel frowned and put his hand on Dean’s shoulder, stepping closer to him and looking him in the eye. Dean felt his breath hitch again as he felt Castiel’s buzzing hand on his shoulder. Every part of him wanted to curl up on the concrete and just let Hell swallow up and take him already. “Dean? Are you sure you’re alright?” Castiel started, making Dean’s breath hitch, thinking Castiel was going to interrogate him again. “It is getting quite late, perhaps you should head to sleep.” Castiel suggested, making Dean widen his eyes at the out Castiel gave him. Dean couldn’t smile, but he cleared his throat and nodded anyway.
Dean furrows his eyebrows and he lets out a harsh exhale. He was right, Castiel wasn’t going to truly leave him to drown his sorrows in liquor and hunting. He sighed, and looked back up into Castiel’s caring blue eyes. He remembered once being able to just look into the angel’s eyes and to feel relief, to feel eased of all his worries because his angel was there. His angel was there to fight them away. But he wasn’t his angel anymore. He was Spencer's.
“Look, Cas. I was sleeping and you know I never sleep without a knife under my pillow. Spencer…” Dean started. Was Cas even going to believe him? Castiel was an angel, so how did he even not see what Spencer was? Dean considered telling him, but decided it would be easier if he found out on his own and tried to kill Spencer on his own. He’d be hurting his relationships with Sam and Cas, but it was worth it to keep them safe. “He tried to wake me and I ended up stabbing him in the shoulder, alright?” Dean finished after a little while.
“No, not really, but you really are a looker. I bet you get all the guys. Or girls, no discrimination here.” Mark says, holding his free hand up as if he was going to get caught of a crime and he insisted he was innocent.
“Would you two like to come in? I’ve just finished up lunch. Though I am not the best cook as of late.” Castiel chuckled. Sam smirked and snickered a bit. Dean still can’t get over how happy Cas seems. How settled down he is. So he finds himself staring.
“Dean, you went to bed at 10 last night. It is now 10 in the morning. I believe you needed the sleep.” Castiel insists, sighing as he set up the last chair he had. “That should be enough, Spencer wanted to invite the whole neighborhood, though I am unsure how we are going to feed that many.” Castiel says, looking over at Dean with a puzzled look.
“Just because he is my ex does not mean that I cannot try to be there for him. You have exes. I have mine. You treat yours a specific way that is different from my own. However, he is still my friend. You will treat my friends with as much respect as you do me. Or this relationship will never work, Spencer.” Castiel warned, his eyes glaring at Spencer.
“And what might that be? Could it be a little piece of me?” Mark flirts back, making Dean blush again. Dean rolled his eyes, this guy wasn’t all that great at flirting, but he was fun to talk to before. He could maybe look over it for a night.
Thankfully, it wasn’t.
“Dean, calm down, this isn’t an emergency, you can slow down man-” Sam assures, earning a growl from Dean. Dean’s eyes were bulging with worry and anger, just urgent to find a way to alert Cas of the danger he was putting himself in.
Andrea sighed. "Look alive, Dean. Looks like Slutty Kelly has decided to grace us with her presence." She announces as she sips her drink Benny gave her.
“Show me your wrists, Dean. Show me your damn wrists!” He demanded, causing Dean to raise an eyebrow.
“Dean? Are you alright?” Dean heard Castiel say distantly. But Dean couldn’t respond.
“Because you’re-!” Castiel yells, cutting himself off. The rest of the phrase echoes in his mind. Taunting him, reminding him of what he so desperately wanted to say. To tell Dean how impossibly jealous he was. He was the one who knew Dean best. He was the one who put him back together after raising him from hell. He knew him better than anyone. Castiel had claimed him. He was his.
Dean widened his eyes, his mouth agape as he listened to Castiel’s rant. He’s never had someone defend him like that. It made his heart flutter for a moment before it fell again, remembering that Castiel was not breaking up with Spencer. Just fighting with him.
“This is weird, it’s so bloody but it’s still clean cuts. Like this guy is a natural at writing like this.” Sam says, making sure the phone got given back to Dean. Dean takes the phone back, looking back at the woman for a moment.
“I apologize, I’m so used to giving it out when meeting clients. They don’t think I’m a CEO right away. Though many people consider that to be bullshit.” Mark says, making Dean raise an eyebrow at Mark’s laid back words. He wasn't what Dean expected a CEO to be. Dean usually considered CEOs evil. Mainly cause the only one he’d ever met had turned out to be a leviathan in disguise.
Dean sat back in his seat and chuckled to himself. “Well I guess they would when you walk around in a suit but talk like you’re twenty something.” Dean comments. Mark laughed again, making Dean’s chest tighten as he held his breath.
Castiel blinked a few times as he held Dean, finding tears running down his vessel’s cheeks. He never thought he’d be able to cry, but with everything that had occurred, Castiel found himself no longer lacking in most emotions.
Castiel huffed and took a deep breath in. Now was not the time. No matter how much he wanted desperately to tell Dean, he didn’t want to hurt Spencer. Though what he heard Spencer had done did not make him happy whatsoever. He did not want to hurt either of them. But he was consistently hurting one by being with the other.
Spencer’s eyes roll and his arms cross firmly. Sam doesn’t react the same. Sam immediately dropped the bags he was carrying, looking at Dean guiltily and regretfully. Dean sighed and stood up, putting the now empty plate on the coffee table. Dean walked over to the men, refusing to stay seated and not partake in a conversation about himself.
Dean covered his mouth with his hand and he entered the room, finding the smell was the worst here. If Dean had to describe the smell, he’d say it smelled like when they discovered someone was a revenant. A zombie. It smelled like rotting flesh. Dean groaned, pressing his hand over his nose now as well to keep the smell from entering his nostrils.
How was Dean ever supposed to get over Castiel if all he could do when he was him was immediately think of all the wrong he’d done and how he’d gotten himself stuck in this rut he was in? He knew he couldn’t. And that was his problem.
Dean squeezed his eyes shut, dreading when he would fully open them. In the background Dean could hear shuffling, almost like people were moving around and rearranging things. Dean grumbled, figuring this was as good of a time as any to get up. He opened his eyes tiredly, and was met with Castiel who was fumbling with an armful of chairs that he was carrying outside. Dean jumped up and hurried to his side, taking the excess chairs from him. “Slow down there, Cas. What are you doing with all these chairs?” He asks in a chuckle, resisting the urge to kiss his head how he used to when he was relieved Castiel was okay.
And in walked the devil. More like Spencer.
Dean shook his head, getting onto his feet. Immediately he wants to sit back down. His legs feel like jello and like they’re going to fall out from underneath him. Dean gripped the nightstand and took a deep breath. He could do this. He chose this. He stretched briefly before grabbing his clothes from the night before, slipping his shirt over his head and pulling up his boxers and jeans while trying not to fall. Once he was decent, he walked awkwardly over to where his shoes had been kicked to. He slipped them on, tucking the laces into his shoe as he did not want to risk falling over while tying his freaking shoes.
“Damn, you’re really so handsome I forgot the rest of my material.” Mark flirts, chuckling again as he took another bite of his burger. Dean rolled his eyes and started making himself one.
Dean finally just tugs at his shirt and shows Sam the mark on his chest. “See this, Sam?! How else was I supposed to get a mark like this if I wasn’t attacked by some monster that was in the freaking house last night? Why else would I be so paranoid this morning? Why did I throw the knife at you as you came down the freaking stairs?!” Dean rants, gripping the collar of his shirt so tightly his knuckles began to turn white.
Castiel narrows his eyebrows. “You’ve warded your soul and mind against me.” He announces, making Sam turn and give Dean a surprised and annoyed look. Dean sighed and ignored Castiel’s declaration.
"Quam multa enim puer?" The man asked, putting his finger to his lips in question. (Translation: How much for the boy?)
“So? Why couldn’t you take him back to his motel room? And NOT dirty up our couch?” Spencer asks, pinching the bridge of his nose. Dean sighed, rolling his eyes as he too crossed his arms. Castiel looked at Dean and shook his head, speaking up himself.
“You want me? You want me inside this tight little hole of yours Dean?” Mark whispers, leaning towards Dean’s ear and continuously teasing him with his length. “Beg. Let me see that dirty little slut mouth beg for me.” Mark demands. Dean felt his waist and stomach growing tighter, and the feeling from this damn man against him, just at the edge of being able to be inside him was driving him crazy. So he did as he was asked.
Dean felt speechless as he stood there in silence. A man who looked to be much older than the very attractive one who greeted him scoffed.
If Dean was going to be completely honest, he would have rather have never come, than to deal with any of his own bullshit. Seeing that angel, the only ‘man’ he’s truly ever loved. The only person he’d ever had true feelings for again but this time he was with some asshole, it was pure torture.
Castiel tilts his head at Dean. “Are you sure you got enough sleep, Dean? You sound… grouchy.” Castiel says after a moment, resulting in a snort and a snicker from a further away Sam. Dean blew out a hot puff of hair through his nose and he turned around, shifting his expression into a less aggravated one.
Sam looked over at Dean and sighed. “Dean, I can drive if you need me to-” Sam starts, trying to offer Dean a way to calm down, maybe save all of this anxious energy for trying to get Cas to believe him that Spencer was the damn monster.
Sam rolled his eyes at Dean’s excuse, slightly believing that he had watched a porno the previous night. “Well, this one was a guy. His name was Thor of all things. He actually looked kinda like the guy who plays him in the movies. But with the added beer gut. He was a biker and he stood out from the others. We haven’t talked to the witnesses but apparently this guy had an ego.” Sam says, chuckling. Dean rolled his eyes.
As soon as they pulled up to the place that Sam and the GPS that Sam insisted that they use said was their destination, he immediately started to regret ever coming.
Dean hiccuped as he just let Castiel hold him. After a few moments, Dean leaned back, immediately missing the buzz of Castiel’s skin. Dean wiped his eyes and blinked a few times to clear the tears. He knew they couldn’t have this. Not after what he did. They had to stay friends. But did friends do what they did?
“No, Cas, stop fucking healing me! I swear you’re like a mother hen! Suffocating me all the damn time! Why can’t you just let yourself regenerate without healing me? Huh? I ain’t six! I can heal on my own!” Dean growled, sneering at Castiel. Castiel had then responded with a sad look, and he had sighed as he began to try and argue his point.
"What's your name, sweetcheeks?" Alastair asked Dean, putting his hand on his shoulder. It sent a shiver of fear down Dean's spine. Jesus, when did he last feel this afraid? Why was he so jumpy?
“So I guess we’re all eating out here? Alright. Oh, and also Spencer said that he’ll eat his food later, Cas.” Sam says, leaning against the tree Dean was sitting under. Dean shakes his head, grumbling as he closed the book in his hands, putting it down on the side table that was next to him. He grabbed his food and paused for a second.
Castiel stands almost emotionless behind this, watching as Spencer tortured Dean for fun. Internally, Castiel was banging against an almost invisible wall of control, kicking and screaming for Spencer to let Dean go. But on the outside he still remained stoic.
Dean finally reached the top and took a quick breath through his mouth to avoid the smell, but instantly regretted it, as his taste buds somehow picked it up. He held in a coughing fit he knew was building up in his chest. He hurriedly searched through a few of the doors, finding an office, the bathroom, the guest bedroom Sam was staying in, until one was left. He cautiously walked towards the last door farthest down the upstairs hallway. As he walked, holding back the cough was becoming harder than it was before. So with no more control, he coughed and heaved air in, groaning at the smell entering both his mouth and nose.
Castiel spread Dean’s legs farther, effectively thrusting deeper and hitting Dean’s prostate. Dean again jolted, and his moans began to melt into one another, while still muffled. He could barely even comprehend anything else, couldn’t even remember how to speak. All that came out were the beginnings of words and Cas’s name.
Dean blew a tired puff of air out of his nose as he pulled into the library parking lot. Dean drove past a few lines of parking spots, grumbling as he couldn’t find a spot until he spotted one opening up. Once he was parked he climbed out of the car, being sure to grab his phone. This was probably gonna take awhile.
They had been too late.
"And before you ask, yes, I would allow it." Castiel hisses at Alastair. Dean widened his eyes and blinked them a few times towards Castiel. Was he for real?
Dean cleared his throat and nodded. “Yeah, yeah I’m-I’m good. Never better.” He lied, forcing another smile onto his face. Dean patted Castiel’s shoulder like he did before they ever got together, when they were just friends and walked inside as Castiel made room. He didn’t want to look behind him, but the mirror of the glass on the painting in the entry way showed Dean Castiel’s hurt face at Dean’s actions. Like he was reminded of what he missed.
“How many, Cas?!” Dean demands, effectively interrupting Cas as his voice cracked from how strained his throat was. Dean’s eyes flew up to look at Cas, waiting for a response. Dean was tense all over. This argument was once he’d dreaded. Telling Cas of all his problems. Letting him in. Maybe he still didn’t have to. Just make Cas aware of how bad it is. But knowing Cas, he wouldn’t be able to get away with that little.
Castiel then turns his head and his smile slightly falters before he pulls Dean into a slightly less of a hug. Dean widened his eyes in a bit of shock. How can Cas even face him? Dean looked like shit. His eyes were surrounded by dark lines from lack of sleep, his hair was matted, and his flannel and shirt were freaking wrinkled. Cas looked like he just walked out of a Hallmark movie while Dean looked like he just walked out of a dryer.
Castiel moved back and looked up at Dean. “Oh, uh, of course Dean. It’s right down the hall, under the stairs.” He answers, his reassuring smile for Spencer falling as he looks at Dean. Dean swallows his disdain for how Castiel’s smile faltered and nods, walking away from them. He feels a glare in his back as he walks away, knowing it was Spencer. But if Dean was to be completely honest, he didn’t fucking care. Spencer could shove his cologne and ‘theories’ about blood types up his ass.
“Hello Spencer. I assume you’re done with your jog then?” Castiel questions.
Spencer growled and turned his head, looking towards Castiel. “But you know what happened instead? One of your little angels in the garrison spotted us together and reported us. They had me smited on principle. All I can remember is Esther calling out my name before I was killed, and I felt all of my body being torn apart.” Spencer snarled, gripping onto Castiel’s arms and getting into his face. “So you can imagine that when over a century later I reawaken and I find out that when us norse men die before our time in battle, we can come back as what the hunters call revenants. But we are so much more than that. We have to feed to stay alive. Keep our bodies intact. What better starting group of people than those who were descendants of the clan members that killed my village?” Spencer suggests, smirking at Castiel again. He let’s go of Castiel’s arms, and Castiel can feel the recoil of Spencer’s sudden strength of his grip leaving Castiel’s arms. He gasps silently, his mouth agape as he feels his arms ache from the pressure.
Dean’s heart ached for a moment. He was really going to see him again. Going to see him probably happy. Without him. Dean wasn’t ready. He knew it. Damn Sam and his stupid puppy eyes.
Sam hesitantly laughs it off and Castiel looks a bit taken aback by the fact that Dean would even think like that. Afterwards, Castiel turns to go back into the house, when a man runs up to Castiel, smiling at him.
Dean opened up the laptop and typed into the search bar. He began to look through multiple websites, desperate to find out something that he can use against Spencer. As he looked through website after website, hours had passed. Dean’s eyes strained as he watched the screen, blinking away the burning tears that escaped as he tried to refocus. The current website he was on was about the undead variety of the norse culture. As he was looking through the website, a picture came up.
Castiel widened his eyes, shocked at this new revelation of events. He looked around at the floor for a moment. “Dean, you can’t go back on that promise now. You made a promise to me. I don’t care if you keep pushing me away Dean I’m going to help you-!” Castiel began to raise his voice again. Dean rolled his eyes and spun right around to face Castiel.
Dean rolled his eyes again and approached the bar, sighing. Tonight would be busy. Not that he minded.
“Yeah, Love ya too Spence’.” Dean grumbled, walking out the front door and walking down to see where Castiel had gotten his Impala parked.
Sam grabs Dean’s shoulders and leads him out of the building, sighing as he tries to explain. “Dean, look, I know doing this behind your back was… it was stupid. But we had to do it. Cas wanted to mend things and I-” Sam starts. Dean shook his head, fighting against Sam’s hold.
Castiel growled. "I thought I asked you not to throw those. At least not with me in the general vicinity." He hissed.
Castiel narrowed his eyes as Spencer slunk past him, going out the front door. Dean mentally cursed. He’d have to wait until he was alone with Spencer. Ask Cas and Sam to go out and get lunch again. Though Cas probably already suspected Dean. “That was not what you were planning to say, Dean.” Castiel sneered in a calm voice. Dean scoffed and his hand tightened into a fist once more.
“That is perfect. We’ll buy our time until then. Do you two have a place to sleep? We have a guest bedroom you can use.” Castiel offered. Sam’s eyes widened at being able to be closer to Castiel and to support him, but before he could accept Dean sprung up from his seat.
Dean furrowed his eyebrows and held up a hand. “Woah woah wait, your ‘contact’?” Dean asks, irritated.
Dean sighed and grumbled. "Fine… when are they gonna be here, huh?" He asked, handing back the shot glass to Benny.
“You weren’t supposed to find out. I had to pay Mark in return for sleeping with Dean, for getting him to try and flirt with the damn hunter to get him off of you and to keep him from helping to break the damn spell. He wanted sex in return, so I gave it. Humans…” Spencer growled, holding the photo idly.
Alastair widened his eyes before they narrowed in anger. Before he could respond, Castiel spoke up.
“Dean, what is this I hear of you attacking Spencer? That was uncalled for! You may not like him, but that does not warrant you attacking him! What were you thinking, Dean?” Castiel exclaims, his vessel lighting up with his grace. Dean widened his eyes as he looked at Castiel, fear running through his bones. Castiel and his true form was something that Dean never wanted to see. So Castiel being this angry was a bad thing.
“Why make me love you? Make me think I love you, and then cheat on me so blatantly?” Castiel asks gruffly, glaring up at Spencer through squinted eyes. Spencer rolled his eyes and pinched his nose.
“Not to mention you only spent any time with Dean because Spencer paid you. So you’re going to translate this note for us, help us find Cas. Then maybe, we won’t turn you in for literally buying Dean for a service.” Sam sneered, pushing the sticky note in front of Mark. “That would ruin your credibility as a businessman, wouldn’t it? So I suggest you do as we tell you.” Sam glared. Mark gulped softly and nodded, very annoyed with the brothers.
Sam held up a finger, indicating for Dean to wait a moment. Dean huffed, his toes tapping against the carpeted floor of the library. Sam mumbled a few times as he swiped on his phone, until his face lit up and turned the screen to face Dean. “The old mill warehouse. I remember it’s near the place where the first victim was found. That’s gotta be it, right? The first victim was found near the forest, and all those smells would mask Spencers.” Sam evaluates, snapping his hazel eyed gaze to his brother’s emerald green one.
Castiel smiled at the two of them, hugging Sam at first in greeting. “Thank you for coming, Sam. I am way in over my head on this case, I appreciate the offer of help.” He says with a smile. That damn smile. Dean can feel his heart thumping in his chest as it skips a beat. Of course he’d still have that reaction. The man is literally gorgeous.
Spencer blew out a puff of air as he got annoyed. Castiel reaches over and squeezes his hand. “It’s alright, Spencer. Getting us into the Forensic’s office is enough help.” He promises, hugging Spencer’s body close. Dean rolled his eyes at the view. He looked away, trying to continue to shove his incoming tears down.
Sam scavenged through Spencer’s things, knocking the spell ingredients off of the altar until he found it; beneath the bowl of herbs was a bloody and folded picture of Castiel. He reached for it and gripped it in his hand, about to rip it when he felt Castiel’s grace forcing him against the wall. Damn it, so close.
Dean looked again at Castiel, before leaning into the angel’s arms, trying to soak up his care and just all of him at once. Dean figured it would be one of the last time’s he’d get to do so. Castiel hesitated as Dean leaned into his embrace, but a part of him didn’t fight it. He actually wanted it. So when Dean leaned into his arms, Dean soon after wrapped his arms around him, rubbing the Winchester’s back and holding him just as he used to when Dean would wake from nightmares and pray for Castiel to come to him and comfort him. Just as they used to do.
Dean tried to mentally assure himself it was all gonna go fine. He would escape the private room with no new experiences to shove down into his already overflowing bottle of trauma. He'd walk in, give them their wine, and leave. Nothing else.
Spencer sighed and looked away for a moment, rubbing his face with his palm. After the moment, he looks back at Castiel and nods. “Fine. I want you to be happy so… okay. He is helping us with the case anyway.” He says genuinely, pulling Castiel into a soft kiss. Dean immediately looks down as to not have to witness the kiss. He felt like such a kindergartener.
Then he remembered Spencer grabbing Castiel’s arm, squeezing it almost in a death grip as he yanked the angel to look at him. And then Castiel had heard the chant of a small spell, and he was immediately knocked into the wall of the building, knocking him out cold.
“I could be that distraction, if you’d like.” Mark suggests in a dark and sexy seductive voice. Dean could feel his insides melting almost like butter as Mark spoke. Time seemed to slow down as he considered his offer. Dean hadn’t had a one night stand in years since he and Cas had been together for one, and Dean was surely satisfied with him. Did he really wanna go back to it? Yeah, yeah he did. What could it hurt? Castiel had Spencer. That was certain from what he heard when he came home from the library. Dean was never going to be able to feel like this with anyone else. So why the hell not.
Then Dean remembered his text to Sam. He hadn’t said anything in specifics, he had been pretty vague. Dean just hoped that he had been specific enough for Sam to tell Cas and that Cas wouldn’t be as worried. Then again, Sam might have gone to bed by then…
“So--Everything that happened between us that night, both nights. That doesn’t mean anything to you, Cas? Is he really better than me? He better fucking be cause I’m not letting you run down that road with that man. Someone else maybe. But not fucking him-!” Dean yelled at Cas, pointing towards the entrance. Castiel rolled his eyes and stood closer to Dean.
“I’m leaving. Or at least I…” Dean starts, sighing halfway through. No. No Spencer wasn’t going to win. But Dean knew he was going to riot if he stayed here any longer. Dean turned his head and looked up at Mark. His eyes were so much like Cas’s. They were almost made of the same care, the same kind storm. And it made Dean’s knees buckle.
Dean cursed under his breath, his hand reaching up and rushing through the short strands of his dirty blond hair. “Then how the hell are we supposed to find him? It’s not like we have enough of his grace for a tracking spell!” Dean exclaimed harshly, getting a harsh ‘shush’ thrown his way. Dean rolled his eyes and looked back at his brother, giving him an impatient look.
“Maybe. But no promises. Thanks though.” Dean says, giving Castiel his best apologetic look. Spencer seems to be pleased, smiling at both Castiel and Sam, ignoring Dean completely. Castiel smiles at Dean, glad that he could finally at least partially get through to him. Despite whatever was running through Dean’s head, Castiel still cared.
“Yeah… Yeah I should… probably sleep.” He chuckled, running a hand through his hair. He then turned around and nodded at Sam and then gestured towards the books. “If you wanna read those go ahead Sam. It’s better we have more options.” Dean says, before he went inside to turn in for the night.
The chestnut brown haired male blinked a few times at Dean’s reaction, giving him an awkward smile. The guy smelled like he just took a shower in cologne, and his eyes were a pale, almost lifeless green. An observation that almost made Dean’s heart lurch in his chest.
Sam sighed, his puppy eyes in full action as he looked at Dean. “Dean-!” He whisper-yelled, gripping Dean’s shoulders. “Please, please tell me Cas is lying. That you didn’t try to… to off yourself.” Sam asks, a tear running down his cheek as he searched his brother’s face for an answer
Dean shook his head. He wasn’t going to keep thinking like this. He needed to focus. If he wanted to get Castiel away from Spencer, or at least know that he is safe from this monster, Dean had to bottle this up. Force it down and focus on the task at hand. Like John always said, shoot first and ask questions later. This was a tad different, but Dean saw it in the same light.
For the most part, the next half of his shift went on as it usually did. A couple dipshits tried to get into his pants, he'd insulted their manhoods. A few people tried to start shit, but that was pretty much it. That is, until Dean got back from his break, hanging up on his brother's phone call.
“W-well… congratulations Cas. Glad you’re happy. Even with a guy who smells like he just walked out of a cologne shower.” Dean says, getting another glare from Spencer, but a smirk from Castiel. Almost like he knew it was true, and he was happy Dean even said something.
"You say that now, when you were under me just last week!" Gabriel yells from the other side of the bar.
Kelly scoffs. "And what the hell would that be? Dean?" She says angrily, adding an insulting emphasis on Dean's name.
Dean’s always been one to hide his feelings. It’s never been a secret. Sam knows it. Bobby knew it. Hell, even Cas knew it. Up until Sam locked him and Cas in a room and refused to open the door again until Dean had confessed. It still makes Dean chuckle, even if a small bit.
Benny chuckled. "I guess so. You're lucky you got a surrogate father so willing to pay your rent for a year and a half for you to get your start. I'd be lucky for my folks to even say they're proud o' me." Benny says, filling up a small shot of whisky and sliding it towards Dean. "Drink up. We got high-end customers coming sometime tonight. You're on the private room." Benny encourages.
The officer nods. “Well, alright-y then. This is one hell of a case for you to bring trainees along. Come look at this. Everything else that’s been weird with the other murders? All the same. Except this time there’s something else. We don’t have our decoder, so this’ll take a bit to read.” The officer says, nodding to the forensics workers to lift the sheet they had just laid on the woman.
Dean sighed before he took a few more steps into the room. He then found the owner of the voice he had found to be so damn enticing.
Dean wasn’t afraid to admit that he loved the angel. That he had wronged him. He wasn’t afraid to admit that yes, he had pushed Castiel away. He had done it because he thought that it was for the best. Oh how wrong he’d been. Now all Dean wanted was to not lose him again. Especially thanks to his own decisions and choices.
Dean flashes Sam a look mixed with hurt and anger. He was right though. With how much anger Dean has been lashing out at Sam with for the past six months, Sam deserved him to not pick a fight with him. At least once.
Dean finally, after what feels like ages, clears his throat and nodded. “Y-Yeah… Yeah I’m fine… I just…” He starts, his hand reaching up and rubbing his face. “ I just need a few minutes, I’ll meet you guys inside.” Dean says, plastering an obviously fake smile on his face. Cas can obviously tell that it’s fake, by the way his frown deepened.
Sam sighed a bit. “Well, how long have you two been together?” Sam asks, leaning closer to the two. Dean forces down a hiss of disapproval. Why that question Sam?
Dean couldn’t fight the smirk on his face as he made his way towards the Impala. He was feeling victorious. And he felt he had the right to celebrate. He’s just pissed off Spencer, and he barely even did a thing. Though the downside was that he was literally going to be staying in the same flipping house as this monster. Dean didn’t say this was a smart idea.
Sam seemed no less shocked by the discovery, his mouth agape and his eyebrows raised. Dean found comfort in that at least.
Before Sam had gone to bed, Dean made sure to get his silver knife off of him. He knew this monster had an eye on him. Whether it was Spencer or not, the message seemed way too specific. And besides, he lined up with most of the guy’s MO except he knew he was definitely not Nordic.
Dean waved again to Benny. "Hey, you got any tables yet?" He asked, receiving a chuckle in response.
“You… You’ve been killing all those people? To feed?” Castiel asks, glaring at Spencer as hard as he could. Everything was a lie with him? Truly? Did Spencer ever truly love him? Or did he just want to use him to get to an angel that died in the fall?
Dean grumbled. His day was going to suck. He just knew it. Why not get it over with now?
Dean ventured closer to the closet and opened it slowly, just in case this guy had some sort of trap set up for him. Dean wouldn’t rule out that possibility. It’d happened way too often. Thankfully, when he’d opened the closet door, there was not a trap or a fear inducing cat. There was instead a very rune covered photo pair of Sam and Cas. The runes seemed to be written in Spencer’s blood. But Dean wasn’t sure. Either way he knew he had to show this to Sam. Or rip in half. Maybe both.
Dean grunted softly, raising his hand and resting it on Castiel’s shoulder. Castiel’s worried gaze met Dean’s, shifting into one of shock. “Don’t go begging for me to live yet, Cas. I still got a good long while to go.” Dean coughed, smirking at Castiel weakly.
Dean braced himself for the spank, jumping when it collided. He bit back a growl and sighed. He couldn't leave till he was dismissed. And damn did he wish he was dismissed right about now.
That’s when Sam knew this had to stop. Dean was showing signs of depression that he couldn’t ignore. He just hoped that this case could help straighten Dean out. Or at least get him to start trying to talk about it.
The room immediately had a run down factory feel to it. The walls were lined with graffiti and blasphemes, while others were lined with symbols.  Castiel couldn’t get the detection of rust and the beginnings of mold out of his head. His vessel was still breathing. Habit.
Spencer scoffs. “You really think their heritage has anything to do with it? I thought you were an experienced hunter? What would heritage really have to do with it? More than blood type? When comparing the two, blood type would be more important to know.” Spencer criticizes. Dean widened his eyes and looked up at Spencer. This man was getting on his last nerve. Dean refrained from saying anything, just as he heard Castiel huff and grab Spencer’s shoulder.
“Well we have a start on who their typical victim is. They’re usually of norse origin, type-o blood, and apparently they all had an ego. Or at the very least were very hot headed, didn’t take being controlled very well.” Castiel assures, making Dean raise an eyebrow at the angel. Castiel looked between him and the sides of the house, annoyed. “Yes we had witnesses at this last one say that the woman was very… stubborn to say the least.” Castiel reiterates. Dean nods in understanding at the clarification.
“I mean, she looks Nordic. By her hair and face? Just like the other victims. It was in their genealogy that they were mostly Norse in origin. But what confuses me is why she isn’t related to the other victims.” Dean questions, looking down at his phone and gesturing at the picture.
Dean grunts and grips his hair as he runs his fingers through it. He’d done it again. He let Castiel go. He should have gone after him sooner. Found him sooner. Now Spencer had full range to do whatever the hell he wanted with the angel unless he could find out where the hell they were and what the damn message said. Not unless, until. Dean was going to find his angel. That much was certain to him. No monster was going to take away his happiness again. Not even himself.
“Yeah! Sammy! Cause that damn monster attacked me last night! I’ve been trying to find out what the hell he is!” Dean growled. “But apparently silver hurts him. That’s what the blood is from, Sam.” Dean says exasperatedly. Sam’s eyes widened immediately as he heard his brother’s story, forgiving him of his need to have the knife close.
“Sam this is an emergency damn it! Just--” Dean rants, groaning for a moment. “Fine, just, listen. Look, Spencer attacked me last night. He tried to suck my blood from the back of my neck. He looked dead, man. Like his skin turned dark grey and it was decaying-” Dean explains, looking away from Sam as he described what Spencer had looked like the night before.
Dean smirked as he began to turn away. "Dignity." He adds before he turns away completely. The bar erupted into a fit of laughter, making Kelly turn away and storm off in a fit of anger.
“Don’t assume my enjoyment, Dean. I very much enjoyed taking you apart and putting you back together again. I enjoyed having you underneath me, begging me to let you come. But when I wouldn’t, you would beg me so much, I just had to let you. You don’t understand, Dean. I’ve claimed you. The moment my grace connected with your soul in hell we were bonded. It is me, and only me who has control over your ecstasy.” Castiel whispered, leaning into Dean’s ear.
Dean dreaded waking up as he did, knowing Castiel wouldn’t be there. Dean wanted to sleep forever, let himself think that his last few waking moments were of Castiel holding him again. Like the things between them didn’t exist. But Dean knew that they did. His nightmare that he had was enough proof for him. So as he began to drift back into consciousness, the pit in his stomach grew heavier as he felt the lack of Castiel.
He really fucked up, didn’t he?
Dean dropped the remaining portion of the bottle over the cliff. He couldn’t. Not here. And not now. He wasn’t totally sure if he was even going to hit on target. He was already beginning to see spots.
“Well hey Cas, finally come to see me?” He asks, still looking down at his book and unable to see Castiel’s confused face. “It was alright. I got it done pretty quickly. So I was able to pick up some books on the culture that the writing comes from. It’s nordic. So the victims being nordic makes sense.” Dean explains, never looking Castiel in the eyes just in case Castiel could see the regret and the sadness in them.
“Because he is my friend, Spencer! Am I not allowed to have them? And yes, I could have left him in his motel room. But was I going to risk him getting worse? No. And you talk about room? We have a couch that he used last night. He can use that. I am not arguing this with you any longer. It is my house. My decision is final.” Castiel growled.
“Dean, I’m glad you’re telling me-” Castiel starts, taking a step forward towards Dean. Dean’s eyes are casted towards the floor, his chest rising and falling in quick succession.
Dean swallowed a nervous gulp and quickly poured a few glasses. As he did so, he heard the door open and a few footsteps come into the room.
Hey! Uh... Warnings for my readers who would much rather not have to read smut! The smut starts at the line; "Then yes." and ends at "Thank you Dean..."
“Yeah. Probably from the mountains of alcohol you drank last night Dean. Porn marathon my ass, Dean. This whole thing was supposed to help you move on, not literally punch a police officer just because you were too pissed to answer a few damn questions-” Sam questions his brother, crossing his arms and scolding him. Dean growled. Sam planned this? Forced him to come here knowing he was going to hurt him? Bullshit.
Sam glances over at Dean, who’s messing with the sleeve of his hunting jacket instead of looking up. Then he suddenly does, surprising everyone in the room. “You tested their blood? Seriously man? Try family ties. See if they know each other. Sure, test to see if the wounds are the freaking same, see if the marks are different. But don’t just test for blood type. That’s stupid.” Dean grumbled, making Spencer furrow his eyebrows.
Dean runs back into Sam’s room with the photo, not caring as he almost slips. Sam raised an eyebrow, having already laid back down with his headphones to listen to some podcast. Dean rolled his eyes and stormed over, ripping the headphones off. Sam looked up at Dean in disbelief.
Dean sighed to himself, squeezing the steering wheel tightly. No one was around, what was holding him back from letting it all out? The guilt. That was what was holding him back. That if he cried now, he wouldn’t be able to stop. That when he got back to Castiel’s place the tears would be obvious and they’d suffocate him with attention he really didn't want. And he didn’t want them to help carry his burden. Especially if it was a burden he created in the first place.
Dean looked down at the bottle, finding it empty. He sighed annoyedly, until an idea came into his head. A new one. But not one he hasn’t considered before. If he shattered this bottle, if he pulled out his gun… if he ended it right now it would all be over. Hunting, the depression, Sam’s ignorance, Castiel being such a hurtful reminder of all that he’s done wrong, of who he’s hurt. It would all be over.
“Dean? You haven’t said anything for the past few moments. Am I talking too much-?” Castiel asks, pausing as he had been lifting a glass of water to his lips. Dean panickedly shook his head, but before he could muster answer, the door opened.
Dean shuffles his feet as he dresses himself. Just a loose tee and flannel paired with worn hunting jeans. He takes a seat on the edge of his mattress and starts to lace on his boots. He remembers a time when he used to thoroughly enjoy his mattress, thrill about the memory foam and whatnot. But now the sinking feeling of the springs underneath his body are just a reminder of the things he carries. The guilt.
Dean snapped his head towards Sam and shook his head. “No, I got this, alright? Just… hold on.” He insists, gripping the steering wheel after he turns Baby on and gets her into gear. He can do this. Castiel will be okay. He just had to keep telling himself that.
Dean couldn’t go back to sleep. Give Spencer another opportunity to try and feed on him while he’s unconscious? No thank you. Dean was heavily on edge, he was panting and he gripped the side of the couch and the knife in his hands like a crutch. What even was he? He looked like a dead body that had been in the ground for a good twenty years and was decaying like a bitch. Guess that’s where the decaying smell came from.
It had all happened so fast. Castiel remembered walking up to the forensics office right as Spencer was walking in. It was strange, given that Spencer had left almost an hour earlier. But Castiel had been so focused on ending the relationship that he hadn’t recalled that part.
“What? That…That’s really weird. Guess we’re dealing with some Norse mythology monster with a revenge list.” He jokes, getting a stare from Spencer. Dean turns his head and looks at Spencer, wanting to test him, annoy him maybe.
So Dean slowed down, but still was higher than the speed limit. He wasn’t about to let Spencer do anything drastic to get back at Dean once Cas started to confront Spencer about his cheating. ‘Cause how else would Cas find out if Dean was the only one home at the time that he was being unfaithful?
“Cas-! F-fuck… Ngh-! Please-” Dean begs, feeling Castiel’s oh so familiar length against his entrance. He was growing desperate. His cock was hard, and raised high against his belly. Castiel already had him leaking precum from the work-up.
No, you asshole, that’s what he wants. He wants to get you mad, make you hit him. Calm the fuck down.
Dean pushed the glass of water away. “Cas, I wasn’t-” Dean started hesitantly. Castiel’s eyes flashed to his with a knowing look.
“See? Monster, man. Spencer is the freaking monster. And the guy I went home with the night of the barbeque? Spencer hired him to try and get me to stay away from Cas! Like as if I was going to ruin Cas’s happiness!” Dean exclaimed again, his voice filled with annoyance as Sam backed away from Dean and started to pace the room.
“I just… I just need a distraction, that’s all.” Dean says dejectedly, sighing as his eyebrows tilt up and he could feel the tears building up again. Dean reached up and wiped his eyes on his shirt, moving his face around to prevent them again. Mark gave Dean a smirk and raised an eyebrow. Mark then tilted Dean’s chin up and leaned into his ear, his other hand finding Dean’s waist.
"How dare you! I am the Boss's bitch. I'm not a cheating woman!" She insists. Andrea couldn't help but let out a snicker. Gabriel in the back let out a full cackle.
So Dean did so. Dean fought through his thoughts and continued to go through the reading and the research, wondering how Sam could do this for a hobby. It was boring. Dean had the occasional slip up where he’d catch himself in the middle of tearing up, but his expression quickly hardened.
Dean landed back onto the sheets with a huff, panting heavily as Mark did the same beside him. Dean groaned at the surging pain in his ass and the warmth that had settled in his core. Damn was Mark good, Dean thought for a second. But a feeling of deep regret soon replaced that warm feeling. And Dean felt his chest tighten hard. He felt a stab of pain in his chest and he felt like he was betraying his feelings.
So instead of running as he grabbed the books and piled them up one by one, he headed outside. Dean lifted the books higher into his arms and he held them against his chest, walking to the screen door that led outside. He heaved the door open, carrying the books out as he found a chair under the largest tree in the yard. Dean let out a grunt as he dropped the books onto the nearby table.
"I could call your supervisor for that. Get you fucking fired!" The man sneered, his buddies that surrounded him smirking and cheering him on. Dean couldn't help the smirk that slithered onto his face.
Dean wasn't openly bisexual in his everyday life. No one knew. Not even his brother. But when he was working at Angel's Blade, he wore a mask. Literally. It had white tiny feathers on it and everything. He could be anyone he wanted. Anything he wanted. And no one would be any the wiser. It really was the perfect job for him.
As Dean stepped up onto the sidewalk and the walkway to Castiel’s freaking house, the door opened, and Dean froze. Out stepped something Dean had only seen in his dreams. A smiling Castiel. He was wearing a navy blue pull-over sweater with a white shirt collar poking up from the collar of the sweater. He was wearing freaking tan khakis. And his shoes were black. He looked like a married man. And Dean couldn’t help his wandering eyes from focusing on where the sweater pulled at Castiel’s muscles.
Dean turned over and faced away from Mark, picking up his phone from his jean’s pocket and quickly texting Sam that he was staying somewhere else for the night. Better for them not to worry. It had gotten pretty late. And now Dean had to lay here and shift through the pile and the raging dumpster fire that was his feelings.
Castiel’s frown deepened, and he sat closer to Dean, laying his hand on Dean’s shoulder. He used his other hand and turned Dean’s face towards him, turning Dean’s heart speed on full. Castiel’s hand dropped from Dean’s face, his lips pursing for a moment. “Dean, would you like me to stay here? Wait for you to fall asleep again?” Castiel asks instead of what he had planned to ask, which was if Dean wanted to talk about it. If Dean wanted to talk about it, Castiel knew he would’ve already,
Dean opened his eyes again to the worst memory he had. It haunted Dean’s every move, his every thought, even his decisions. Dean hated looking back on it. It was the moment all of this began. Where all of his regret feeds; Exactly 5 days and 6 months ago.
As soon as he finished his thought, he found himself in front of the private room's door. It was a dark, navy blue. It contrasted with the bright red paint that covered the walls around it. Like it was supposed to be seen as important enough to stand out.
So again, Dean readied himself, not daring to get off the couch and alert Spencer that he knew. And when the person turned the corner, Dean thrusted his knife forward, missing Sam’s cheek by a half inch. Sam widened his eyes and slowly turned his head towards his brother. “Okay… something’s up with you. You almost stabbed me in the face. With a silver knife.” Sam says, carefully picking up the knife from the floor, seeing dark blood on it. He widened his eyes and raced over to Dean, forcing him to stand up and show Sam his wrists.
Dean could remember it like it was yesterday. He, Sam, and Cas had all returned from a particularly tough hunt, and Dean had gotten the worst injuries of the party. A broken rib, sprained ankle, broken arm, and some ripped tendons here and there. He was barely even walking. He wasn’t supposed to be walking at all, according to ‘Doctor Castiel’.
Dean nods, and Castiel then shifts to where he’s sitting beside Dean, wrapping an arm around him and laying a hand on his left shoulder as he holds him. Castiel doesn’t seem fazed as he brings Dean closer to him, despite Dean’s surprised look as he does so.
Sam was desperately typing on his computer, seeing if maybe he could find a translator nearby or perhaps a website to help them. He sighed and looked up at his brother. “No you didn’t, Dean. Spencer is doing this for his own reasons. He’s possessive, like you’ve said. You realized your mistake and you were trying to save Cas before it was too late, I get that. We’ll find him Dean. You don’t need to put yourself down. You of all people know that isn’t healthy.” Sam warns, glaring at Dean for a moment before turning his eyes back to his screen.
Alastair rolled his eyes. "Oh come now Castiel! Our families are in an era of peace! You might as well accept us… and our ways." Alastair grinned greedily at Dean as he complained to Castiel.
For Cas, and for Sam.
Mark raised an eyebrow at Castiel, eyeing his hand on Dean. “I’m Mark, Dean and I met at the library yesterday. I helped him translate that message you are all working on for that case.” Mark clarifies, smirking at Dean. Dean knew that look. Mark was teasing him. He knew about how Dean had looked at Castiel. And what he’d been doing with Mark. Teasing was just unfair.
“Really? That’s the best you’ve got?” Dean asks, taking a bite of his own once he finished making it. Mark was good looking, and Dean needed a distraction for a little while. Especially when Castiel wasn’t making any attempts at slowing down the ‘happy’ couple facade. Mark chuckled.
Dean carried himself proudly as he carried the tray past the same annoying table. That was the first time anyone had ever stood up to that mangy woman. About time someone put her in her place.
So instead, he let go of the bathroom handle and he circled the stairwell, gripping the white painted railing as he began to climb the stairs. Each stair began to creak as he took each step, making his breath hitch as he climbed higher and higher. Sure, he had an alibi he was gonna use if he got caught, but how suspicious is it that he didn’t just use the bathroom?
Sam flashes him a smile, taking a sip of his coffee. “Thank you Dean. Besides, I hear they make great pie over in Asheville. Or so I’m told. If you do this with me, I’m sure we can pick up a slice. Or ten.” Sam informs, but instead of Dean’s usual reaction with widened eyebrows and a smile that Sam always appreciates, whether Dean knew it or not, Sam got a shrug and a grunt from Dean. As if the pie didn’t even interest him in the slightest.
"Jesus, Castiel. You got fans of all types, don't you? Why'd you gotta go and hire a damn mute?" The second man asked. His hair was a dirty blond, and his suit was angel white. It was almost blinding. His eyes were an even paler blue than the first man's, who Dean assumed to be Castiel.
“Just give it back Sam! I need it!” He growled, knocking Sam back enough to startle him. Dean took that opportunity to pry the knife from his hands and put it back in his belt. Sam widened his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose.  He sighed heavily and then turned his head to look at Dean again.
Sam looked over at his brother, and his gaze shifted from him to the other two in the room. “Well, I guess we’ll try to talk to the locals tomorrow. Some of your neighbors might’ve seen something.” Sam suggests. Castiel looked up at Sam at the insistence of the two staying, making Castiel smile.
“Gross… I swear this guy really needs something much stronger than that cologne he uses.” Dean coughed, squinting his eyes as he looked around. Then an idea came into his head.
“Son of a bitch!” He cursed, turning around and rubbing his face. He still didn’t understand why exactly Castiel had gotten so possessive over him. Of course, Dean was glad that Castiel still felt the same as Dean, and still loved him. Not that he didn’t appreciate the good fucking, he was just slightly confused.
Dean took in a deep breath and, without a second thought, knocked on the door.
Dean let out a startled gasp and a bit of blood as he was pressed against the metal lining of the wall. A weak and surprised ‘Cas?’ fled his lips as well. Dean groaned a bit before grabbing Castiel’s arm, which had a hold on Dean’s shoulder. Dean grunted and flung Castiel against the wall, not willing to hurt him. “Stop this Cas! This isn’t you!” Dean growled, pushing Castiel against the wall with as much force as he could muster.
“You broke him! You pushed him away, you tore him down, and guess what? You’ll do it all again. Cause it’s just in your nature, Dean Winchester. Everywhere you go you bring sorrow, and you bring hurt. Even your brother is hurt because of you. So you know what I think? I think you should leave. Leave before you hurt anyone else.” Spencer growled, smirking as he stared straight into Dean’s eyes and his eyes flared red.
Shit.
Dean had never gotten this feeling after any other one-night stands, so he didn’t understand why he was feeling it now. Was it Castiel? Was it his inability to get over the angel? Why did he feel guilty about even saying yes?
Castiel grunted and spat out more of the blood from his aching mouth. “I’m sorry, Spencer. She is. She died from the fall Metatron caused. I wouldn’t lie to you. I’m not going to help you Spencer. I can’t.” Castiel says softly, trying to maybe peel back Spencer’s mask and get to his humanity, if there was any left.
But he couldn’t.
“Did you season these yourself?” Mark asks, his eyes a glow with adoration. Dean raised an eyebrow and chuckled to himself, pressing the spatula against another burger. Dean looked up into Mark’s blue eyes, his blush evident now. Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad. Mark was good looking. Dean was an out bisexual, Sam had made sure of that. Mark was nice too. Didn’t mean it had to lead to anything. Some flirtation and confidence couldn’t hurt… Right?
After a moment, Castiel walked up to the door and smiled at Dean, pushing Spencer slightly to the side. “Dean,” He says, a happy but still concerned look on his face. “Are you okay?” He asks, putting a hand on Dean’s shoulder.
Castiel didn’t go any further than the gentle kiss, pulling back after a few moments. “Stay here, Dean. I’ll need your help when I get back.” Castiel says, cupping Dean’s cheek once more before he kisses it in a way to say that he’ll return.
“So… you really think Spencer is the monster we’re fighting? What even is he, then?” Sam asks, raising an eyebrow and giving Dean a bitch face. Dean grumbled. Was it really gonna be this freaking hard to convince his brother? Then again he was under the control of some sort of spell.
Inside, Dean found himself in what looked like a newly renovated private room. The couches were made of a seriously expensive leather. The carpet wasn't carpet anymore. It was dark wood that seemed to tell a story in the swirls and markings. And the walls were a dark grey, demanding a serious tone. The rest of the room looked the same.
Castiel’s blue eyes flared up and he placed the plate back in Dean’s hands. “You need to eat, Dean. And drink. You need to flush the alcohol out of your system.” Castiel reminds again, giving more insight to what he meant. Dean took in a heavy sigh, taking another bite of the turnover.
The man in question gawked at Dean, almost in surprise at what Dean had dared to do. Dean turned his head and pushed Alastair's hand back towards him in a harsh motion. "Keep you and your damn hands to yourself. Before I break 'em myself." Dean threatened.
“What Spencer? What evidence did you find?” He asks, a smirk on his face. Spencer’s gaze turns towards him, sneering at him. Yeah asshole. You’re a liar too. Your reliability for Cas is running low, buddy.
Dean takes in heavy and deep breaths, uneasy and heavy hearted. He can do this. Cas deserves to be happy. After everything Dean put him through, he deserves his happy ending, Dean thinks. He can taste the bitterness in his thoughts as he tries to convince himself this is for the best. That this is happening and it’s Dean’s fault. He can’t change it. Dean would rather stab himself in the gut than to take Castiel’s happiness away. Especially because he realized how much of a dumbass he was. Now the angel had to know. It had been written all over Dean’s face as he had begun to break down. He regretted everything. That he regretted ever pushing the angel away when he needed him the most.
“How would you feel, if I got inside you? Replaced what Mark left behind with what truly belongs inside of you?” Castiel asks, leaning into Dean’s neck and nipping teasingly at the now purpled skin. Dean shivered, backing his ass back against Castiel’s. He earns a chuckle in his ear as a response. “I’m taking that as a yes.” He teases as he makes quick work of Dean’s boxers and pulls them down with his pants at his ankles.
Get a grip, man. He’s happy. Why can’t you be happy for him?
“Listen, man, I get you love Cas and all, I get that, But if you really want him to love you, you gotta let him make his own choices-” Dean started. But apparently Spencer was having none of it because as soon as he began to give Spencer advice, Spencer’s elongated and dead nails swiped at him, cutting across his chest.
Eyes stared at him for a few moments, Especially Castiel’s. Then Spencer spoke up, “Shouldn’t we have a plan first? Like some plan in case this guy comes back? I’m not putting Castiel in danger.” Spencer says, glaring at Dean like he was trying to prove a point. Dean bites the inside of his cheek once more, fighting the urge to retort back an insult, mainly revolving around the guy’s cologne usage.
After another moment of, in Dean’s opinion, fuzzy feelings pass and then Dean has to clear his throat. “Well I should get going then. Sammy is obviously staying here, and I would really like to get to eating some greasy diner food. Good luck with your rabbit food Sam, Cas. And uh… nice to meet you Spence’.” Dean says, snapping his fingers and giving him finger guns as he began to walk away backwards.
Dean backed up against the couch, his vision finally clearing up enough for him to see Spencer with full red eyes and skin that was darkening to a grey, almost undead color. The white’s of his eyes turned black and his teeth seemed to grow longer. Whatever Spencer was, he was definitely the monster. But unfortunately, Dean didn’t know what the hell would kill him. Or Hel, why did Spencer refer to Hell as Hel? Wait, Norse mythology, nevermind.
Castiel looks around, confused as to what to do. “Have you listened to a single word that I have said, Dean? I don’t pity you, I want to help you. This, running into danger is not safe. Nor is it healthy. I’m trying to help you Dean but I can’t if you keep pushing me away.” Castiel tried to reason. Dean clenched his fist and he narrowed his eyes.
Sam smiled. “Sounds perfect. Maybe we can go look at the autopsy reports tomorrow. See if we can find any more links.” He suggests and widens his smile at the angel and Spencer. Dean rolled his eyes where neither of the men could see.
“Well fine. But if you get hurt I’m blaming them.” Spencer growled, pointing a finger at Dean. Dean rolled his eyes and turned towards Spencer.
Castiel shook his head, turning around and pulling out a mug and pouring coffee into it. “No, for as long as I’ve been on the case, We have almost nothing. I gave you all that we know. Each victim had no correlation to the next. None that we’ve seen.” Castiel says, casting a glance at Spencer who nods.
Benny sighed in annoyance. "Heya Kelly, what've you come to brag to us this time?" He asked, not wanting to know the answer.
Dean drove down the road, trying with all of his remaining consciousness to go the speed limit. As he pulled up to the intersection that lead out of town, he spotted something. The bright, lit up LED sign that clearly labeled itself as Adam’s Liquor Store. He didn’t think twice.
Dean instantaneously shakes out a moan, leaning his head against the wall as Castiel’s grace brushed against his prostate. He was shaking now, and he could barely keep his mind straight. Castiel was really pushing him back into being his bottom. Dean only hoped that this meant that he got to reclaim the title of boyfriend too.
