"Posed too much of a challenge. He doesn't like 'worthy opponents' who then refuse his patronizing offers to join him and help conquer the world as his loyal minions." Tony's mind was only partly on the conversation, most of his attention focused on simply enjoying Steve's presence.
And then War Machine's bulky grey armor appeared in front of her. "Don't worry," he said. "Falcon's got her. And the cavalry's here."
He had been wearing one of his old lab coats, his hair uncombed and the lower half of his face covered in blond stubble, looking every bit the scruffy, abstracted scientist he'd been when Jan had first seen him in her father's lab. Hank had no idea how cute he looked when he was all fired up with the joy of scientific discovery; numerous attempts to inform him of the fact had never seemed to penetrate.
Wanda was smirking openly at him, dusting her hands together with the air of someone who had just finished performing a distasteful but necessary task. Jan was perched daintily on her shoulder. Steve couldn't see her expression, but he would have been willing to bet money that she was smirking, too.
Sin's snake-themed neo-Nazis didn't share his qualms about using lethal force.  Two of them opened fire on him, and Sam had only a split-second's warning as the man he was fighting suddenly jerked and twitched in his grasp to fling his arm up and deploy one hard-light wing as a shield.
"No." Wanda made a slashing motion with one hand, dismissing the statement. "No we don't. She's coming here. I can feel her coming. She's the source of the chaos power Strange and I have been sensing. I don't know how I didn't realize it before."
He hadn't been doing something for SE. He'd been elbow deep in a quinjet engine, or overhauling the armor.
He could hear the smirk in Steve's voice without needing to open his eyes. He did anyway, and found himself staring up into Steve's flushed, grinning face.
He was back in his room before he realized that he'd left the ice pack sitting in the middle of the kitchen table. His shoulder had been iced enough, he decided.
"So," Carol said awkwardly, after they had crossed into Manhattan and Clint had finished teasing her for writing a book that was basically about a thinly veiled version of herself, "how's Tony doing?"
Jan sighed, tucking her feet up under herself, and let her head drop back against the smooth leather arm of the couch in the Avengers' living room; even though the toxin’s effects had worn off hours ago, she still felt shaky and feverish. She also felt a strange sense of distance from the hysterical woman who had wanted to hide under a table in the Meridian, almost as if it had been someone else stepping in and making a fool of herself.
"I thought I said no lights," he snapped. "If it's an emergency, make it someone else's problem, and if it's not an emergency, why are you-" his eyes finally focused on Thor, and he broke off abruptly. "Oh. It's you. What do you want?"
Family business. He'd said that twice now. All of the other Asgardians had been killed in the Ragnarok, Clint had heard, and Don Blake, while he'd always been a little bit more than just Thor in mortal disguise, had been created by magic or something, and didn't have a human family. Maybe the other Asgardians had come back from the dead, too? Clint tried not to twitch as Don shoved the giant needle -- which felt much bigger than it looked, they always did -- into his thigh again. The local anesthetic wasn't working; they never did.
Sharon frowned, staring off into the middle distance, her arms folded across her chest. "What would Sin want with a sixteenth century manuscript?" Then she shook her head slightly. "Never mind. For all we know, Doom demanded it as payment for giving her the dimensional transport device. We should have anticipated the possibility of those two working together; Doom was willing to cut a deal with the Red Skull to bring Steve," she hesitated, the pause so slight that someone who hadn't spent months carefully avoiding using the word 'dead' and listening to Steve do the same wouldn't have noticed, "back. Whatever he thinks he's going to get from that spear, it's worth enough to him that he'll work with Nazis to obtain it."
He tried to claw at her, to leave Sin's body and force himself into her mind, but this much foreign chaos power filling her, there was no room for him.
Tony sighed, and cast a wistful glance at the schematics for the Mansion's security system, which he'd had spread out across the workbench beside his laptop, waiting until he finished answering his email, and the armor sitting patiently in the middle of the lab, awaiting the modifications that would compensate for his new lower bodyweight, smaller size, and altered center of gravity. "You're right. We'd better go get me something to wear. I'm going to need it before you call that press conference."
Tony dropped his gaze to his hands again, shaking his head slowly. "The press is going to have a ball with this. They'd just gotten used to me being female." He didn't sound annoyed over the idea, though. There was something almost like awe in his voice.
Steve pulled away from him, disentangling himself from Tony's arms and taking a step back. "This is the first time I'll be sleeping with you in this body," he said, shaking his head. "Your own body. Not that the other one wasn't yours, but- This time, we're going to do things right. The classy way that involves an actual bed instead of gym mats or your laboratory floor."
Steve laid a hand on Tony's shoulder again, and reached for Tony's chin with his other hand, his big, warm fingers curling carefully around Tony's jaw. "Look at me, Tony," he said, in a tone of voice that Tony couldn't ignore, regardless of how much he wanted to. It was the same voice he used in bed, the one that was somehow both soft and commanding.
Steve picked the nearest box, labeled 'bookshelf,' and sliced through the packing tape that held it closed. Inside, a small stuffed bear in a felt copy of his costume lay atop a stack of books, staring up at him with its black, plastic eyes. 'You have adopted Captain A-bear-ica,' read the paper tag attached to its left paw. It had appeared in his room one Valentines Day, with no card or note to tell him whom it had come from; Steve had always suspected Clint. Clint found any and all Captain America-themed merchandise hilarious, and probably owned every embarrassing and creepy attempt to make money off Steve's fame ever manufactured.
"What about John Walker?" Tony asked, seizing on the new topic with relief. The dissolution of the West Coast Avengers had been humiliating and infuriating at the time, but compared to the past year...
When he saw Tony and Wanda walking down the hallway toward the living room, Tony still very obviously female, he had to force down a wave of disappointment. Another failure, then. The frustration had to be getting to Tony; lack of progress was never something he handled well, particularly in cases like this, where he was both directly affected and powerless to help.
As she walked slowly along the narrow streets, mostly empty under the early afternoon sun, she tried desperately to put a name to any of the handful of people she passed, to remember who lived in even one of the houses, remember if she'd ever eaten at that little cafe, bought anything at that shop... she couldn't.
This time, there wasn't any empty space between them. Steve slid over until he was lying half on top of Tony, wrapping an arm around his waist and burying his face in Tony's neck. There would have been interesting possibilities inherent in this position, especially after a week spent apart, but right now, they were both too tired to do anything more than just lie there.
"What vessel?" Wanda's hands were up in front of her, glowing with pink light, her fingers forming patterns in the air that looked an awful lot like one of Strange's invocations. "I won't let someone else become Chthon's puppet the way I did. No matter what I have to do to you in order to stop it."
The building was nearly empty at this time of night, but the lights in the lab were still on. Scientists like working late, particularly those working for secret organizations.
Carol raised her eyebrows, the field of unstable molecules that held her mask on pulling at them. "Useful?
First her mother, then Django Maximoff, her real father, then her children, and now Steve. All her power, and yet Wanda was never able to save her family when it mattered. She had ended up hurting them more than she'd helped, failing them the same way she had failed to save Vision when he had been taken and disassembled.
Tony reached for the side of his face again, turning Steve's head slightly to force Steve to meet his eyes. "I don't want sex, Steve. Okay, I do, but-" he broke off, glancing away, then said, fiercely. "I want you. Specifically. Right here and right now, but not
"Aren't you going?" he asked Jan plaintively, when the date had begun looming inescapably over him. "Can't I just go with you? Or not at all?"
Tony sidestepped another kick, circling slowly around Steve. He was going to try and come at him from the side, Steve judged. "I guess I ought to be flattered that they think my honor's still worth defending." He shrugged one shoulder, and rubbed the back of one hand across his forehead, wiping away beads of sweat. "I shouldn't be surprised. Our first night back here after the hearing, I found a note on my pillow saying, 'I know where you sleep. James. P.S. Say hi to Steve and ask him why he has so many pansy-ass sweaters.'"
"Accidents happen," Clint said. He rubbed one hand against his thigh, raising a small puff of dust. "Sometime the best you can do is damage control."
Most of the people his age that Clint knew had spent Saturday mornings watching cartoons as kids. He had, too, once, but by the time he'd been a teenager, he'd been getting up early on Saturday mornings to get ready for performances. It had been a decade and a half since then, but he'd never broken the habit.
"You're right," she said. "We didn't notice that anything was wrong until it was too late. This time we already know you're compromised. This time, if anything happens, it will be our fault for letting our guard down."
"It can't possibly be more embarrassing than some of the things that have happened to us while in costume."
Carol turned a corner so sharply that Clint had to brace himself to keep from being thrown into the door. "I love this steering system. You know, I never got the whole story on what happened with you. Jut that it had something to do with Wanda. I don't blame you for staying out of the whole Registration mess, but you could have dropped us a message to let us know you were alive."
Reality altering powers were something Sam preferred not to think about too hard — the broader implications were too disturbing. One little nudge at reality, and your entire life could be rewritten, huge chunks of your past erased or replaced. Powers could be given to you or taken away again, just like that. One wish spoken by the wrong person could change who you
Tony closed his eyes and stepped forward into Steve's solid, leather-clad mass, wrapping his arms around Steve as tightly as he could. He'd thought he was prepared to give Steve up when the time came. He'd been wrong.
Tony took a moment to appreciate the sight, resisting the impulse to bend over and plant his hands on his knees, or let himself breathe too raggedly. Gasping and panting in front of Steve was one thing, but in an actual fight, it was an obvious declaration of weakness. He'd worked hard at concealing those, over the years. And Steve worried, after last month. "Once," he said, when he was sure he'd be able to get the word out without sounding too breathless. "I did that once. Pepper doesn't red flag things unless they really are urgent." The repeated emails he'd deleted unread from Sally Floyd since the reversal of M-Day had been red-flagged, too, as was pretty much everything Koening sent him, but Koening hadn't earned the right to have his instant attention at any hour of the day or night. Pepper had. He owed her that much.
And even if it was unintentional, Tony was unlikely to defend himself. For one thing, he'd had feelings for Rhodey once, and Tony's willingness to take anything dealt out by someone he was in a relationship with was something that had periodically worried Steve, and worried him even more so now that Steve was in a relationship with him.
"I know." Steve smiled wryly. His fingers were still wrapped around Tony's wrist, his thumb rubbing over the scar that curved around the base of Tony's thumb. "I know," he said again, and lifted Tony's hand to his lips.
Wanda made a throwing gesture with one hand, and Bulldozer tripped over his own feet and fell flat on his face. Then the fight began in earnest.
"Strange is coming over some time tomorrow," Steve was saying. "I managed to use the generous amount of lead time you three and Clint gave me on this to call him and fill him in on the situation, and once he finished laughing, he agreed to help."
Hank's answers were equally low-voiced, and Steve was glad for it. He didn't want to hear the details. All that mattered was whether Tony was all right.
Steve let the topic of Happy drop. "I still think Carol and Clint would have enjoyed it if they'd come."
Steve's eyes went to Tony, as if by some kind of automatic reflex, and for a moment, Tony could almost feel the awkward silence in the air. He startled himself by laughing. Barnes didn't know about his alcoholism; not surprising, given that he had spent half the last century as a brainwashed Soviet assassin. He saw the pointedly non-alcoholic bottle on the table and his immediate reaction was not to glance awkwardly at Tony and then look away, but to mock Steve for his lack of romantic skill.
MoMA had the same high ceilings, white walls, and pale floors that every modern museum seemed to have. Tony, back in the same masculine business attire he always wore and looking as if slinky black dresses, heels, and make-up were something that had never crossed his mind, was staring around the lobby with a bemused expression. "You know," he said, "I think this is the first time in five years that I've been here during normal visiting hours. I usually come here for fund raisers."
The words just slipped out, Steve wishing even as he said them that he could take them back. Tony's half-hidden face in the first photograph drew his eyes again, and for a moment, he could almost see the slightly blurry video footage of his own motionless body, and hear Tony's voice, low and broken. "
Wanda sighed, and shoved the wayward piece of hair back behind her ear. "I thought it would be hard getting used to being on a team with Vision again, but..." she trailed off, letting the sentence hang.
It wasn't surprising, exactly, especially given the response Peter had received from the school district when he'd revealed himself as Spiderman, but it was still disappointing. It probably didn't help that the press had still not gotten tired of the shocking revelation that he and Tony were a couple, something they seemed to find more newsworthy than anything the Avengers had actually done over the past month, which only seemed to spur various self-appointed 'moral guardians' on. The last time he'd called the team in LA, Simon had answered the phone with "West Coast Avengers; we don't give interviews about Tony Stark's sex life." He'd been embarrassed and apologetic when he'd realized who he was talking to, killing Steve's hope that he'd recognized the Avengers Mansion's number on the caller ID and was only joking.
However much he'd spent, it had been worth it; getting the outside of the building completed in three months was nearly miraculous in New York, where scaffolding often clung to the outsides of buildings for years.
Just for that, Tony added extra force to the punch he threw at Steve's shoulder. Steve turned to deflect some of the force of the blow, but didn't manage to block it, and Tony felt a glow of satisfied accomplishment for a moment, before Steve launched a kick at his face.
"I wasn't planning on sleeping that long anyway," he added, after a moment.  "I hate sitting around twiddling our thumbs when psychopaths like Sin and Doom have two of our teammates.  There has to be something we can do."
"Brought him back? As in, really back? Not dead?" If she sounded silly, it was difficult to care. Only this morning, she had been sure that almost everyone she loved was gone, in no small part through her own actions. Knowing that they weren't–
"Drop your weapons," a hatefully familiar female voice said. "SHIELD is placing all of you under arrest."
Wanda's eyebrows shot up. "He actually said that when he dumped you? Why were you dating him at all?"
The spear was glowing again, red and white light pulsing like a heartbeat.   Just looking at it made his eyes hurt and his stomach lurch, and Tony still hadn't moved, and Clint was still down, struggling to sit up, and-
Rhodes snorted. "What do you think? Anyway, you have any idea who I can blackmail into replacing you? I mean, I know you're trying to fix things with your ex, but come on, you're leaving me in the lurch here."
And Tony wouldn't have been able to say no. He suspected it was beyond mortal power to refuse Steve when he looked you in the eye and asked you to go to bed with him (he said it that way, too, "Go to bed with me," because he was adorably old fashioned and incapable actually saying things like, "Tony, I want you to let me fuck you into the mattress.").
There was a flash of red and green at the corner of her vision, and she followed it to see Loki straddling Thor, struggling to keep his right arm — and Mjolnir - pinned to the ground.  She had one knee on his elbow, and a dagger held against his throat.
"If you do not mind me asking," she began, deliberately changing the subject, "why did you agree to train me? You're infamous for refusing to take on students."
"No, Don Blake did, but I mean, so what? It's the same thing." Clint felt his face flushing. Only about ten minutes ago, he'd been promising Don Blake that he wouldn't tell anyone he'd seen him. But Cap really needed some good news right now, and hey, he didn't look lost and defeated anymore, so clearly Clint had made the right decision.
As the mansion shrank into the distance below them, Tony could see Hank staring after them from the open door, his face rendered a pale blur by dim light and distance.
The museum wished to have it examined by Dr. Strange, in hopes that he would be able to dispel the dark aura that clung to it, which had already caused not just the attack yesterday, but the suicides of two guards and an unhappy sequence of accidents. Until then, they wished the Avengers to take custody of it, preferably as quickly as was possible without risking damage to the book.
going to kick Hank out, but his staying wasn't a good idea, and Steve doubted Jan would welcome his presence as a longterm thing. And to his credit, Hank clearly knew that.
Steve stopped in his tracks, going cold, the ache in his battered arm forgotten. "You mean that really was you? I thought the Russians were just taking advantage of your apparent temporary insanity to pin the blame for his death on you."
Steve’s heart lurched as the man came closer; Tony was out of surgery.  Or had there been complications, internal bleeding they hadn’t been able to stop, irreparable damage-
He'd come so close to falling off the wagon during the Registration fight, closer than anyone knew. Part of him had wanted to – it would have been so much easier to just stop fighting, and he'd already thrown away nearly every good thing he'd once had. It was different now. Now he had a lot more to lose. In some ways, that made it harder.
“Tony has the extremis,” she said.  “He’ll be okay.”  He hadn’t been able to use it as heavily since the Mandarin had zapped him, and lately he’d stopped using it for anything but controlling his armor, probably at Steve’s insistence, but the basic functions were still there.  He’d survived stopping his own heart before; he’d survive this.
"Of all the people I couldn't risk having access to my tech..." Tony shook his head. "Russia sells arms to anyone who wants them these days. Who knows where my designs could have ended up?" He gestured vaguely at the air around him with a slender hand that still didn't look like it belonged to him. "China. North Korea. Afghanistan. I could have been responsible for the next major terrorist attack."
“Tony?”  He sounded desperate, Steve knew, afraid, when Tony needed him to sound calm.  “They’re landing now.  We’ll get you help.”
Tony nodded once more, not saying anything. Clint was having enough trouble getting the words out as it was. And Tony had done more than his fair share of sleeping with people in deeply unfortunate circumstances; who was he to throw stones?
"Rogers." Her lips twisted into a smirk that held no trace of her usual cheerful, little girl grin. Steve had had always imagined that Sin would be less disturbing without that eerily bubbly façade, but this wasn't much better. "I might have known Fury would call in America's attack dog," she sneered, the words dripping contempt. "How is your little sidekick doing these days?"
It had used her to do something. Something awful – she didn't have to remember in order to know that, not when she could feel the clinging remnants of its evil still lurking in the corners of her mind. It was older than humanity, the weight of eons of malice and hate for everything living like a crushing weight sitting in the center of her chest. Anything she had done in service to its will would be abhorrent.
"I had to." His voice sounded calm, self-assured. Good; Thor catching him huddled in a ball in his office was enough humiliation for one week. "I had to be sure."
But this man -- all of these people -- were innocent civilians who had been exposed to the same toxin as she had, and if she tried anything, she could hurt one of them, and as off-balance as she was right now, she might not even realize it, might really hurt one of the people she was supposed to be protecting.
"I think that would be good." Wanda backed slowly away from the display case, nearly bumping into an older white man who was trying to look at the case of lab instruments.
"He'll come around eventually," Jan said, trying to sound certain. "And he doesn't need you to be angry for him."
There was no 'may' about it.  Tony looked grey, his eyes not entirely focused, and only Steve's arm was keeping him from being flat on his back again.  Awake and talking was much, much better than still and silent, Steve reminded himself.  It would be nice to believe that complaining about the state of his armor meant that Tony wasn't seriously injured, but Steve suspected that Tony would be complaining about the destruction of his armor even if he were on the verge of death.
To be honest, it had been, but Steve hadn't thought- "I wanted to give you the benefit of the doubt, God knows why."
Steve closed his eyes for a second, hating this, and hating whoever had released that toxin. Tony was hurting, and there wasn’t anything he could do. He couldn't even be there for him, not really, not if Tony didn't even know he was in the room.
And it would have been. At the very least, whomever else HUSAC would have put in Tony's place would have had no qualms about dragging Peter into custody and turning him over to government scientists. And in the absence of Reed and Tony's work on the Negative Zone prison, captive superheroes would have been locked up in Genosha collars, forcibly depowered, used as experimental test subjects, or fallen victim to 'unfortunate accidents' as the superhuman facilities on the Raft became too overcrowded to keep superheroes and supervillains separate.
He had to have known his armor wouldn’t stand up to a weapon made out of uru, especially after seeing it scratch Steve’s shield.
Tony had drunk, too, part of his brain insisted on pointing out, and without hesitating or asking for clarification. Steve was assailed by a sudden mental image of Tony on his knees, eyes closed, dark hair disheveled and face transported with ecstasy-
Good. That was good. It was fortunate that Jan had been there; he had been next to useless. "Was anyone else hurt?" he asked, finding that he did, in fact have the energy to worry about things beyond Steve's presence. "Did I-"
"Strange is a much harder taskmaster than Agatha was, but I think I'm learning more from him." She smiled faintly. "He told me yesterday that I was adequate."
The cat started to make a low, growling sound of frustration, and thrashed violently in Clint's grasp; he hated being carried or held for more than about sixty-seconds at a time.
When was the last time he'd eaten? he wondered. Maybe Steve had a point about coffee not actually being breakfast.
Tony's eyes, already squinted against the light, narrowed further. "Do you think I wanted to turn one of my oldest friends into a living weapon? Do you think Hank wanted to? They didn't give us a choice." There was a sort of weary anger in his voice, too rough around the edges to be faked.
There had been a standard-sized crossbow, too, at one point, which Clint had waved around like a toy and drawn by hand. Being slow to adjust to Pym particles had probably been less of a factor in Clint's blithe dismissal of superpowers than the fact that being Goliath didn't involve playing with projectile weapons.
The mustache and goatee were gone, too. They hadn't re-appeared when Tony had changed back, and without them, he looked almost as unlike himself as he had when female. He looked younger without the facial hair, and his face seemed narrower.
Wanda's eyes narrowed. "I was locked up!" she shouted. "On Mount Wundagore, for months. I'm still locked up now." She brandished her tattooed hands, all but waving them in Carol's face. "What do you think these are? Locks, on my power, to keep me from drawing enough to let Chthon take me again. To keep me safe."
Tony had assumed, once upon a time, that one got to choose the clothing, decorations, and so forth for one's own wedding. Maybe some people did. Those people didn't know Jan Van Dyne.
"I'd be glad to," she interrupted. "It’ll be a relief to actually do something. Tony wouldn't even look at me."
"I'm sure he did," Wong said, his eyes going to Strange again. Strange looked older, lying so still, all the grandiose hand gestures and cool superiority absent.
Sin sneered, the expression giving her the look of the sullen adolescent she all too frequently acted like. "I understand that doing nothing seems to be your entire plan lately. Are we going to sit around and wait until Strange or Murdock die of old age? You said we only had until March before the spear's power would be 'lost to you forever.'" She parroted his own words back at him with a mocking lilt.
Steve found himself snorting with suppressed laughter. It probably wouldn't been so funny if he weren't so tired, but he'd never heard Clint's inexplicable combination of suede kilt and geometrically patterned headband described quite that way before, and Wanda was so utterly right. Clint had looked like Pocahontas from that Disney cartoon, except blond, and with biceps.
A blond man in an expensive business suit was brandishing a steak knife at another, equally expensively-attired, man. "Stay back!" he shouted. "No. Stop it! I said stay back!" and then he was lunging at the other man, knife extended in front of him.
It probably should have been creepy, but instead Steve found himself blinking hard, touched by the careful treatment of his carelessly discarded sketches in a way he couldn't describe.
Maybe she had put some kind of whammy on him. As he'd said to Carol, the whole thing was like trying to remember a dream. Several weeks worth of his life were just gone.
Steve said nothing to this, just waved Tony ahead of him toward the door. He was probably tired of hearing about the HP lawsuit, if not half as tired of it as Tony was. He hadn't stolen anyone's designs. He'd analyzed their tablet computer, figured out the basic principles behind it, and designed a completely different – and more importantly, actually functional – piece of technology around the same basic concept. That was going to completely dominate the market as soon as he released it, and end SI's dependence on military contracts and thus the last remnants of Koening's hold on him.
It had been so long since a business meeting had gone well that Tony had almost forgotten what the combination of relief and smug satisfaction it always engendered felt like. He hadn't even realized how much stress he'd been under until the meeting was successfully over with, and he'd actually felt sick from the overwhelming relief.
Peter recognized that voice; it was the "shut up and get in the Quinjet" voice. And that was just so many different shades of disturbing that he didn't even have names for them all.
"You should leave," Clint forced out, moving to place his body between Hank and Jan, trying to block her view of him. Maybe if she couldn't see him anymore, she'd calm down.
"If Loki had actually succeeded in his plan to kidnap and forcibly impregnate a female Thor, what would have happened to you?" Hank asked, frowning faintly.
Even ones where everyone else would be drinking. And that would require him to wear women's formal attire. Pepper was truly never going to let him live this down.
Tony's face was easier to read now, maybe because of the lack of facial hair, and the fear and guilt and anger there was raw, barely controlled. He had wrapped both arms around his torso, like he was trying to hold himself together, something Steve had seen him do before, mostly during those months right before he had left the Avengers and nearly stopped being Iron Man for good, the months when, Steve knew now, he had been steadily trying to drink himself into oblivion whenever he wasn't in the armor.
“I don’t-“ he started, not sure if she wanted a chance to compose herself before speaking to Wanda, or if she was just being polite, and Carol gave his shoulder a little shove.
Personally, Tony thought the entire thing was an exercise in futility. If trade embargos were as astoundingly effective against Latveria as they'd been against Cuba over the past fifty years, then maybe some time around 2060, Doom might finally learn his lesson and repent. Tony doubted it, though.
Jan ran a finger slowly around the rim of the ice cream carton, the waxed cardboard smooth and slightly sticky. After a moment of deliberate silence, she met Carol's eyes. "Whatever we have to."
"Where are you?" Hank asked. "Never mind, we can triangulate you from the locator chip in your communicator. Just stay there, okay? We're coming to get you."
"I don't sound crazy," Tony snapped. "I can't trust anyone with it, not even the government. Especially not the government. You know that. You didn't trust them either. You gave your shield up because you didn't trust them, which is just about like one of the rest of us cutting one of our hands off. Like me giving the armor up."
“So,” he finally asked, after several minutes of watching her try not to pick at the edge of the bandages on her hands, “are you… going to be okay?”
"If you want dessert," Steve said, nodding at the separate dessert menu which sat in the center of the table in the spot normally occupied by a wine list, "you need to decide on that now, too. Their specialty is a freshly baked apple tart with extra-thin slices of apple, and it takes at least a half hour to cook."
Tony grumbled something under his breath, but it was clearly a token protest. In the end, Steve was pretty sure Tony enjoyed the photography exhibit, too. He had something to say about all of the pictures, even if it was only to make fun of them, one hand on either Steve's back or his arm the whole time, and kept smiling up at him. When had Tony smiling - a real smile, not a fake one for cameras - become unusual?
It was February, and a cold February at that. Tony had to be freezing. "You're already here. You might as well go take a shower."
"I'll go downstairs and wait for Hank," Sam said. "Redwing's going to be outside the window," he told Cap. "Just knock on the glass if you need me."
"What are you working on?" he asked. Tony's answer might or might not make any sense, but listening to him ramble about engines or computers was always soothing.
Tony closed his eyes for a moment, long lashes dark against his skin. His hands were curled into fists. "Do you think I didn't
"A crazy woman stabbed me with a salad fork." Clint flinched as Don started dripping some kind of clear fluid that burned like hell into the arrow-wound. "Then, after I took the fork away from her, she grabbed one of my arrows and stabbed me with that. Of course, that was after she'd already stabbed the Falcon, so at least I'm not the only one who looks really lame." Now that he thought of it, why wasn't
"Call Don." Tony cut contact with the security cameras, just to be safe, and reached out for his armor's communication systems, signaling Carol's communicator. "Either he's blocked my armor's frequency from his cell phone, or he's gone back to Nebraska where telecommunication signals go to die."
Everyone was still too keyed up to sleep, so the end result was that they found themselves sitting in a rough circle on the floor of the Avengers Mansion's living room, playing a party game that Steve had never heard of and strongly suspected was played mostly by thirteen-year-old girls.
"It's not about making superpowered soldiers," Rhodey was saying. He was leaning forward now, elbows on his knees, intent. "It's about making sure these kids have some idea of what the hell they're doing. I was an adult when I got into this game, ex-military, a trained pilot, and it was still more than I could handle. I was just lucky there weren't any serious consequences. A lot of us haven't been that lucky."
He had not come here to hear excuses. "There is always a choice," Thor told him coldly. "You could have refused them."
He didn't think there was any surveillance on the mansion – he'd scanned the entire three-block radius for electronic surveillance equipment – but there was no way of knowing who, or what, might have followed Sharon and the Winter Soldier here. The briefcase containing his armor was tucked in the corner of the kitchen, with Steve's shield right next to it, so they weren't exactly unarmed, but it never hurt to be cautious.
Doom laughed, raising the spear above his head.   "That fool?   He'll be the first sacrifice I offer."   He swung the spear to point its tip at Sin.   "You'll be the second.   Elder god or mortal woman, whichever you are, you're going to make me invincible."
He went over to her, not needing to ask Tony to follow him. Sam met them halfway there, his eyes going from Steve to Wanda in a silent question.
"Well," Tony said, shifting towards him, so that their arms were just brushing. "if you didn't keep it right next to the bed..."
There was a brief tapping on the conference room door, followed immediately by the door opening to reveal Jarvis, Thor standing immediately behind him.
Someone was clearly going to be sleeping on the couch tonight. Hank himself would probably get his share of her wrath later, since he was the one who had refused to let her come; Tony hadn't needed any extra people to stare at him. He still didn't.
"It massively stimulates adrenaline production," Hank was saying, "There's a whole cocktail of endocrine and hormonal chemicals in this thing. The symptoms are familiar, but I don't-- whatever AIM's done with it, it's so complicated that I can't place it. I hate being so damned useless!"
"Next time, let's do this at your place," he told the nearest Doom, and fired a repulsor blast at his torso at slightly under full power, just in case that really was Doom inside the armor and cape rather than a well-made LMD.
The moment the mansion's door closed behind them all, Vision turned to Tony and said, "I'm sure this is but a temporary inconvenience for you. Strange will probably repair it tomorrow, but if I can be of any assistance..."
"It would have been," Layton said tightly, clearly struggling for composure, "had they not had doubts about our stability and ability to complete the project."
." He took Tony's right hand in both of his, smiling a familiar, smarmy smile. "Would your date mind if I borrowed you for the next dance?"
"Ah." Hank said. "I guess the protestors haven't gone home, then?" During his month-long stint at Camp Hammond, the angry men and women with "mutie go home" signs had been a semi-permanent fixture outside the base's front gate.
The last time they had seen her, she had been insane, possessed, and bent on destroying them all. Going back there now would simply be handing Chthon a chance to finish what he had started, and she wasn't going to give him that chance.
Jan returned to full size just before she landed, putting herself between the Mercedes owner and the driver — now struggling futilely in Carol's grasp. "Has anyone called the police yet, or do I need to?" she asked. This was ridiculous — traffic accidents were not supposed to be the kind of thing superheroes dealt with — but they'd been right there, and jumping in had been instinctive.
"It's all right," Steve was saying, "I've got you." And then, a long moment later, "I was worried you wouldn't wake up."
"Hmm," Tony said, the bulk of his attention already back on whatever he was doing with the laptop and tablet he had set up on the coffee table. On the screen, computerized wire drawings expanded, rotated through 360 degrees, and were minimized again, while his little plastic stylus flashed over the tablet's surface. He never actually looked at the screen, eyes focused on something invisible in the middle distance, probably the schematics in his head. Steve wasn't sure how much of that was the Extremis, and how much was just Tony's ability to design things in his head.
"What the hell were you thinking, Hawkeye? She's powerful enough to reshape the world, and she's crazy. And she hates us!"
The Helicarrier has state-of-the-art medical facilities." He was already moving toward the door, body language shifting subtly into crisis/command mode.
"At least we know it won't be you," Tony offered, reaching out to lightly touch the back of one of her gloved hands. "Not this time." They could be thankful for small favors there – short of Stephen Strange, any alternate host Chthon could possess would lack Wanda's innate magical powers, and at least wouldn't have a connection to the interdimensional Nexus and an omega-level mutant's power levels to augment his own vast wellspring of power.
"To do what?" Jan asked, taking a step forward. Her chin was raised, and her arms folded casually across her chest, but she looked at ease, in control, her calm even more impressive against the backdrop of Carol's sullen anger and Clint's obvious unease.
Sam appeared in the doorway behind him, looking grim, and fastened one hand around Hank's bicep. "We'll be in the hall," he said, and tugged Hank backwards out the door.
Tony glanced around for Wanda as he took the briefcase, its weight comfortably familiar in his hand. Behind him, he could hear fabric rustling as Steve stripped out of his street clothes to the costume he was wearing underneath them.
Now that she was actually down here, face to face with him, the impulse that had led Jan to go looking for Hank seemed silly. What exactly was she here for? Closure? She'd already had that. She'd gotten a divorce. He had apologized and left. And that, as they said, had been that, until Hank had joined Clint's West Coast team and suddenly she was speaking to him over the Avengers' comm link again and hearing Clint mention him when he talked about what his team had been doing.
There was so much of it, raw and pure and completely free of Chthon's touch, and the feel of it pouring into her was something beyond pain, making every nerve in her body sing.   She could no longer hear Chthon's voice, could no longer hear anything.
Nowhere in the article, Steve noticed with a detached calm that surprised him, did Floyd directly say that they were involved. She didn't need to. In concise, clear language, she described Tony's shock and dazed grief when she and Ben Urich had spoken to him after Steve's... after his death, and contrasted it with his clear joy at having Steve back, given how 'obviously close' they were. They had refused, she reported, to respond to questions about the nature of their relationship. Again, technically true — Tony had apparently refused to speak to her at all.
been watching them this evening, they would probably think he and Steve had turned them back on in order to clean up after dinner.
"I'd like to see you relearn how to do everything," Tony challenged, blocking Steve's right cross and throwing several quick jabs at him with his left hand. Tony's left-handedness was one of the things that always made fighting him a useful challenge in addition to fun, and that hadn't changed.
"It's crooked." Tony took a half-step forward, closing the distance between them, and took hold of Steve's tie in both hands, tugging on the knot until it was tight once more. He smoothed it carefully over Steve's chest, fingers lingering for just a moment, then stepped back.
Tony surveyed the array of scattered armor components, already seeing in his head the way they would fit together, how the rerouted power input for the gauntlets would work. It had taken three hours to get the suit apart like this, and would take at least four more to put it back together, but he had time, or rather, after nearly forty-eight hours of being male again, he'd finally been able to stand it no longer and made time. He'd turned off his cell phone and Avengers communicator, told Pepper not to let anyone or anything in, and locked the door.
"I don't mean that kind of experience. You, me, hell, even Vance, we've all screwed up. We know having powers is a dangerous responsibility that you can't take for granted, but we also know making a mistake isn't the end of the world."
Hand-to-hand practice with other people -- Sam, Clint, Sharon -- was always either simply practice, and a chance to improve one another's technique, or a competition. It was those things with Tony, too, but somehow it had always felt like a game; he could relax, have fun, even show off a little if he felt like it. It was only recently that he had realized that it had also been a form of flirting.
He was probably doing Steve a favor by staying here, intentional or not. He'd stopped sleeping in his own room at the mansion several weeks ago, after he'd proposed to Steve. Their relationship had been common knowledge by then, and sneaking back into his own room at night had seemed silly.
Tony was very intently studying Rhodey's boot, as if prying tiny pieces of glass out of the mechanism required every single bit of his attention. His head was bent, wisps of hair hanging down over his eyes, and he'd already managed to acquire a thin smear of soot over one cheekbone.
"I do!" Hank jerked his face away again, and began pulling Tony's arms loose from his neck. Tony let himself be manhandled into letting go, suddenly and acutely conscious that he'd been all but forcing himself onto a less-than-willing Hank. "Tony is a woman right now. But it wasn't-"
It felt no different. Not forced or hesitant. Steve wasn't holding anything back, was kissing Tony with as much enthusiasm as he ever had. He released Tony's arms, one hand suddenly flat against Tony's back and the other sliding into the back pocket of his jeans, pulling Tony's body against his. "You didn't come home last night," he said into the side of Tony's throat, pressing an open-mouthed kiss against the pulse point under Tony's jaw. "I've wanted to get my hands on you like this for two days now." The words vibrated across his skin, and Tony could feel the hard length of Steve through both their clothing, the evidence of Steve's arousal sending all of Tony's good intentions out the window. Screw being noble, he decided, letting the screwdriver clatter to the floor and sliding his hands down to Steve's impossible perfect ass, grinding his own erection into Steve's. No one should be expected to be noble under these circumstances.
Tony coughed again, his entire body flinching at the motion, and Steve could feel muscles jumping and shaking under his hands.  There was no blood on his lips, so he wasn’t drowning it as it filled a punctured lung, but his breathing didn’t sound right.
That tape – just the thought of what must have been on it still made Tony want to cringe, let alone the thought of other people
First they made you put your name down on an official list, so they could 'keep track of you.' Then they marked you, so they could tell you apart from the normal people, for 'the public good.' Then the sentinels came for you.
“Oh, that?” Carol glanced down at her bandaged thigh, shrugged.  “Fine.  It wasn’t deep.  I probably didn’t even need the stitches; I think the nurse just wanted to play with his adamantium needles.”
Hank folded his arms, staring down at his computer screen. "It's not like I want them to. I didn't even want to do the experiments with Thor's clone; they were the least disturbing option out of an entire list of unethical experiments. The scientist they had me working with under the Initiative was dissecting and cloning dead teenagers without their parents' knowledge."
Wanda still couldn't explain exactly what she had done, either to Tony or Maya Hansen''s satisfaction, but some of the Extremis’s healing factor had come back, along with most of the rest of its functionality.
"One chromosome different," Hank confirmed. "Otherwise it was the same. I don't know where the extra mass went; not into a sub-atomic pocket dimension the way mine does, because I checked. Magic makes my head hurt." He rubbed at his forehead with one hand, and for a moment, he and Tony shared equally grumpy expressions.
Strange's study was lit almost entirely by natural light, sunlight pouring in through the huge, round window set in the far wall. At night, the main illumination would come from the candles scattered around the room, some of them stuck directly to tables or projecting pieces of the room's plaster molding with puddles of their own melted wax. Wanda eyed them speculatively and hoped that Strange had cast some form of fire prevention spell over the house. Several of them were dangerously close to the heavy brocade curtains that hung in the doorway and against one wall, and one half-melted specimen was glued to the top of a pile of books by a waterfall of wax that had dripped and then hardened.
Steve blanched. "I hadn't thought of that." He was still staring at the door Tony had disappeared through, his jaw set.
Ben gave him a measuring look, the lines in his forehead deepening as he frowned speculatively, and Tony felt a slow, sinking sensation; that had been a stupid offer to make. You never gave a dedicated reporter an opening like that, even one whom you liked and trusted.
At the end of the day, Thomas had to answer to the museum's board of trustees, as well as to the donors who had given them the book in the first place. The donors wanted the book to be protected from theft, especially theft by international terrorists, but also wanted it to go back on display as soon as possible, and the trustees were highly skeptical about the existence of any "so called curse" as well as the necessity of having Dr. Strange remove it.
Doom's mailed fist slammed into Steve's side, knocking him off balance.  His shoulder hit the side of the vault and he pushed himself off it, intent on blocking Doom from reaching the doorway, just a fraction of a second too late.
They'd been real to Wanda, though. And her children had seemed pretty real to Steve, when he had visited her and Vision. "That doesn't mean you didn't love them," he said. It was relatively useless as attempts at comfort went, but he couldn't simply say nothing.
"Is he still down there?" Cap glanced at the doorway, indecision plain on his face, then back to where Tony lay motionless, heart hooked up to heart monitors and IV lines.
Tony dropped his eyes to the polished wooden surface of the conference table for a moment, breathing in through his nose and doing his best not to react visibly to the comment. It was true; SI was seen as unreliable, because he was seen as unreliable, and half the men in this room had done their best to block him from resuming control of the company after Stane's death. And without the cashflow from the Tieri contract, credit and liquidity were going to be an issue. The fact that they weren't already was, though it galled Tony to admit it, not actually due to him. You could say a lot of bad things about Stane, starting with the fact that he had been a psychopathic killer, but at least he hadn't run Tony's company into debt.
"No," Steve said, fighting the urge to grit his teeth. "You didn't." The charge in Tony's artificial heart was only keeping him alive. Hardly worth mentioning at all.
As little as Steve had left from his life before the ice, Bucky had even less. He shouldn't have let this sit for so long.
Then Wanda's stiff, tremulous smile widened into a real one, and her eyes started to shine with what looked suspiciously like unshed tears. "I heard that you were dead," she said. "I'm so glad you're back. I wish I'd been here to help, when it happened."
Clint jumped up, pain jolting through his thigh as he put more weight on his leg than he'd meant to, and flung both arms around Don Blake.
"Wanda!"  Carol half-turned, ducking under a Doombot's flailing arm.  "What are you-" the Doombot swung at her again, its motions oddly clumsy, and she wrapped both hands around the limb and ripped it off at the shoulder with a single, sharp jerk — "doing here?"
He wasn't going to go downstairs and apologize, he told himself. He'd had a point, and completely justified reasons to worry.
There was water pounding down against the top of his head, seeping through the blue leather of his pants, which he was suddenly very grateful to be wearing, because his body had begun reacting to Tony's naked, wet proximity in a way that was totally inappropriate to the situation.
"I won't let him use you again," he promised, and part of him ached even as he said it, wishing it were a lie.
Tony shook his head, and started to pace, hands linked behind his back. It was a familiar motion, something Steve had seen him do before when planning something. "I'll need to call a press conference as soon as possible. I have to put my own spin on this before the Bugle or one of my competitors gets ahold of it." He turned on his heel, facing Steve again, and sighed, shoulders slumping slightly. "Once I've taken care of that, I'll go back to my apartment at SI and get out of your hair."
Hank was there as well, with Tony's briefcase in one hand, saving him the extra minute fetching it from the monitor room would have taken; they really had been listening at the keyhole.
Visiting the mansion in order to speak to Jarvis, or Captain America, or another of his teammates, or to discuss strategy with them, or to perform any number of other duties required of him as an Avenger... He had decided that those did not violate his oath. Not as long as he still slept elsewhere.
"It's Jarvis's cat." Tony was holding one of the boots on his lap now, poking at its sole with the screwdriver. "There's a crack in the edge of the jet propulsion unit's housing. You've got melted glass in it."
This time, Tony wasn't hesitating, and Steve allowed himself to hope that all of the misery of the past year was finally behind them. Not just Registration, but everything. The destruction of the mansion, which had been both his and Tony's home; the team breaking apart; losing Thor and Clint and Vision and Scott and Jack; losing Wanda in a different way; learning just how thoroughly he had failed to protect Bucky; Tony being used like a puppet, until he was forced to stop his own heart to put an end to it; Stamford, and the American people turning on them, and all of them turning on each other... His own death, and what it had done to Tony.
Doom's spell from that damn book had to be read at the altar rail.  He'd given her a computer print-out of the words, written phonetically and with the stressed syllables bolded, as if she were a child or an idiot.  Being neither, it took Sin only a few minutes to read it out.
He let go of Tony's shoulder and took an abrupt step backward, feeling his face heat. "Thank you," he said, feeling suddenly awkward. "For explaining."
"For future reference, then?" Rhodey said. "Smiling at people, leaning in towards them and batting your eyelashes looks an awful lot like flirting."
Ms. Grant, the only woman on the board and disappointingly impervious to Tony's charm, stared coolly at him. "If your bodyguard hadn't gone out of his way to alienate Colonel Fury, we would still have our role as major technology supplier to SHIELD to fall back on."
Probably, Sam reflected, because Steve had a habit of throwing his shield indoors when he was bored, something that he couldn't blame any self-respecting cat for objecting to. Sharing an apartment with Steve had been an exercise in broken lamps, cracked picture frames, and arguing over the radio — Steve had refused to listen to anything recorded after about 1960 that wasn't by the Rat Pack, which Sam suspected had been done out of a deliberate desire to be irritating. Sam had retaliated by spending entire days speaking in 70s and 80s slang he knew Steve had never heard of.
They were all talking about killing just a little too easily, Steve thought. That was what fighting the Red Skull did to you, even if it wasn't necessarily him anymore. "The Avengers have a lot on our plate at the moment," he said, hating the necessity of it. Chthon was a worse threat than Sin, even if the Red Skull
"No one double-crosses Loki and gets away with it." Loki brought one hand up, pointing it at Tony. "Let us see you perform your ritual when deprived of your vessel and sacrifice."
Tony, Sam, Carol, and Thor arrived while the police were cuffing Madigan and shoving him into the back of an armored police wagon, each with an armful of wires and bits and pieces of plastic and metal that had once been A.I.M.'s twenty-five electronically-triggered bombs.
"Peter and MJ are going to be there, too," Steve told him.  "Go put on whatever people wear to go clubbing."
It should have felt like a sanctuary still. It was Wanda's own worries and insecurities that made her feel uneasy here, in Agatha's parlor. Her own fears that made the shadows that gathered in the candlelit room feel ominous.
They had all been staying here for a month, but so far no one had suggested putting new pictures up. They all knew exactly what had once hung all over the walls of Tony's apartment, and they knew why they'd been taken down.
The crash the helmet made when it hit the box of still-unpacked tools he'd left on the other workbench was loud, but unsatisfying.
Tony was sitting on the side of the bed, facing away from him. He was already undressed, wearing boxers and one of Steve's t-shirts. Somehow, without either of them mentioning it, Tony wearing his shirts to sleep in had become something of a habit; Steve probably should have protested this theft of clothing, since it meant that he ran through clean shirts noticeably faster than he ought to have, but he'd never quite gotten around to it. He had to admit that there was something oddly satisfying about the sight of Tony wearing his clothing.
It was probably a sign of how bad the past year had been that Tony didn't even feel surprise. Of course Wanda's return to New York was part of a demonic plot. Nothing good came without strings attached.
The spear hit the pavement, still pulsing with sullen red light, and Strange collapsed like a puppet with cut strings, his cloak writhing around him like a living thing.
"Nothing happened." Steve said it very gently, but the expression on his face was raw. "You didn't do anything."
“You catch more flies with honey.”  Tony eyed the trustee consideringly.  “Maybe I should go apologize in person.”
Tony had been quick to point out that it had only been one wing of Madison Square Garden, and that the damage was probably not structural. He'd repeatedly the 'probably' part one too many times for Steve to actually believe him, though.
Tony's blood had normal levels of testosterone and estrogen, his DNA had returned to normal... his blood chemistry
had a few more things to focus on.  Tracking down Doom's location was vital, but it didn't feel like they were accomplishing anything.  At least if he had a tool of some kind in his hand, or a computer system to mentally hack in to, he'd feel like he was
And it was better than being grilled by the government and the media. Thank God they'd only needed Tony this time; Hank had made more than enough public, detailed confessions of all his sins for one lifetime. Trials, Avengers' court-martials, congressional hearings -- they were all the same, really, exercises in trying to justify yourself to groups of people who were all silently judging you.
Tony shook his head, unsure how to respond. Hank wouldn't have been able to help him stop drinking, even if he'd tried. Rhodey hadn't been able to.
Several minutes later, the two of them were seated in the living room, waiting for the tea in the small china teapot Wanda had brought in to finish steeping. She had cheated just a bit and used a hex to heat the water to boiling, in order to have it ready faster, but her powers couldn't make tea leaves steep more quickly, not without ruining the tea.
"Damnit," Nick muttered. "I really want to believe she's just looney tunes. If she's not, this just got a whole lot worse."
She couldn't concentrate well enough for a complicated spell, but a simple hex sphere could pull the heavy curtains down over Agatha's head, knock the candles over... open flame had such a high probability of starting fires. "Agatha, this isn't really you! You're stronger than this, better than this. You can fight him. You don't have to be Chthon's puppet." Agatha was a good woman. She had taught Wanda nearly everything she knew about magic, had saved her from Immortus, from the instability of her own powers. Surely she had to retain some free will, or she would have stood aside and let Immortus take Wanda.
It was the first public appearance either of them had made outside of an Avengers-related press conference in three weeks, Steve reminded himself, the first one since Times Square.  He should have expected it.  He
Hank, who'd never shown an interest in men, or even an interest in any woman other than Jan? Hank, who was less than stable at the best of times these days?
"Doom won't kill them any time soon.  That's not how he works." Tony said, after a moment, his voice slightly more ragged than it had sounded a moment ago, and Steve winced.  Doom was apparently willing perform human sacrifice in order to get what he wanted, and even if he decided that Hank and Jan were more useful to him alive, Sin might not agree.
"It doesn't look too bad," Wanda offered. "I've seen Clint's car look worse, and you were always able to fix that." Jan wasn't sure if she was trying to be helpful, or making a joke at both Clint and Tony's expense.
She wanted to refuse, a small, cowardly part of her wanting to put for as long as possible the moment when she would have to see her friends and family face-to-face and apologize for what she had done to them. Warring with that, though, was the need to see the rest of the Avengers for herself, to assure herself that Steve, Clint, Simon, and the others truly were all right. To go
Hank snatched his hand back as if Tony's skin were covered in something caustic. "Oh God," he blurted out. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean-"
been easy, and the subway accident yesterday had been an ugly, messy disaster all around – the Avengers hadn't been called in on that one, but it had been the top news item on every local news feed Tony had open until half an hour ago, when the venom symbiotes rampaging down Lexington Avenue had replaced it. Keeping all the datafeeds open made his head ache, the stab of pain over his left eye a familiar presence by now, but it was necessary.
"Good," he said. "That's good." One of the many fears that had paralyzed him in the restaurant had been the worry that Jan would be killed or hurt. She hadn't had the protection that the armor had afforded him. He frowned into Steve's shoulder, eyes still closed. "There was a reporter..."
"I didn't think," Hank was stammering. "I just, um, maybe you can just button your shirt back up and we can forget this ever happened?"
Hank made a grab for her, suddenly gaining at least six inches of height until his reach was longer than Sam's, and caught her by the arm.
He folded the page back, giving himself a pristine new surface to draw on, and let himself doodle absentmindedly. He was probably trying too hard, holding the pencil too tightly and over-controlling the lines.
He was, Tony decided, spending entirely too much of his life in the Helicarrier's infirmary recently.
It was a direct insult — implying that Thor would stoop to torture over such things — and doubtless an intentional one. Tony was trying to get him to leave.
The dining room doors were old fashioned, made of heavy, polished wood, with ornate brass knobs. They were incongruously secured shut by some kind of heavy, electronic lock, which had a keypad, a small, blinking red light on top, and the look of something that would explode if they entered the wrong combination.
There were two SHIELD agents at the top of the stairs, and another outside the bunker. She didn't even bother to kill them, just put them on the ground as fast as she could and ran. The moment she crossed the bunker's threshold and hit outside air, the stomach-twisting lurch of the teleportation took her.
Jan stared at him for a moment, unsure if he was actually implying what she thought he was implying. Surely no one could possibly believe that Steve's death had been staged, not when it had been on national television.
"I'd be offended if you asked anyone else. I thought Tony said it was just going to a legal thing in a courtroom, though. Have you talked to him about this?"
He hadn't had a nosebleed in weeks, and, as long as he limited the number of connections he kept open at one time, no headaches either. At this point, Steve was just being unreasonably paranoid about the Extremis; there was no longer any reason to avoid using it.
It was probably an unnecessary risk.  Wanda was tired, shaken, and SHIELD had to have magic workers on call somewhere.
"You saved some of those people's lives," Steve said, equally quietly. Tony's shoulders were slumped; staring at his back, Steve could see the hard angles of his shoulder blades through the thin shirt.
"He feels... there's an aura around him, something familiar. Not Chthon," Wanda hastened to add, before any of the others could suggest it. "Something warmer, sharper." She studied Strange more closely, looking past the bandages and pallor and the tired lines around his eyes to the faint hum of magic that still clung to him. The feel of it brought back a vivid memory of standing at the high altar of St. Margaret's, fingers clenched tightly around the brass altar rail that had been the only thing keeping her on her feet.
Steve wasn't sure what he'd been expecting, but it wasn't this, wasn't Tony stiff-shouldered and refusing to meet his eyes. Tony on a stretcher, maybe, or Tony visibly ill.
The words had felt odd in her mouth, awkward after months spent thinking in Rumanian and Transian, when she'd been thinking at all. She had spoken English to Beast, and to Clint, but other than that... The "English lessons" she remembered taking with Agatha hadn't happened, anymore than any of her other memories of talking to Agatha had.
The air felt wrong. There was chaos energy here. Energy much stronger than her own aura, stronger than the elevated levels of chaos power she had sensed in the air over the past month. That was why she hadn't felt comfortable in the room at first.
The worst part about deep bruises and broken bones was how long they took to heal.  He wasn’t even seriously hurt, not like Tony was, but he was going to be stuck doing nothing for nearly as long, while his archery got rusty.  It could be worse – he could have broken his collarbone or sprained something; nothing took longer to heal than a bad sprain – but it was still a pain.
She fought back the urge to apologize — it wasn't her fault that Doom had attacked them — and glanced around for Clint.  He was standing on the second floor balcony, looking trapped, irritated, and out of arrows.
Tony shook his head. "I don't need any help," he said, the teasing note gone from his voice now. "Look, I have things to do. I'll be back upstairs for dinner, all right?"
It was kind of fitting, really. Right back to the familiar status quo. His body had been failing him for his entire adult life. Heart attacks, shrapnel, spinal cord injuries, electrocution... the only thing he'd managed to avoid was cirrhosis of the liver, and that hadn't been for want of trying.
"I mean, he got over the drinking on his own, which is more than I managed, and he survived that mess with the Extremis. And if trying to run SHIELD didn't do him in, then nothing can."
The lab's blast door slid back into the wall, revealing six identical copies of Doom, weapons at the ready.
Was she brainwashing them somehow?  Or did they just hate everybody who wasn't part of their little Aryan cult just that much.
"All right," Steve said, "I think we can make that work." He hesitated, and then, unable to resist asking, "How are you going to explain this," he gestured vaguely at Tony's altered body, "to the board members?"
Hank shrugged, the movement only slightly stiff. "Just a few bruises. It will remind me that being a superhero isn't as glamorous as it's rumored to be."
Clint shook his head slowly, his fingers tightening visibly on his bow.  "We are so fucking fucked and it's too late to run."
"Ms. Van Dyne, Mr. Stark." He shook both their hands, and seated himself in the table's remaining chair. "Sorry I'm late. Traffic, you know."
"I was planning to." Steve cradled the cat against his chest, not seeming to care that it was currently wrapped around his arm, kicking and biting and making vaguely demonic sounds.
He still had to fight the urge to draw his feet back, in case she didn’t want his toes touching her thigh.
Tony was staring after Thor as well, eyes on the empty doorway. Nothing but a faint frown showed on his face, but his eyes held something close to the empty, damaged look they'd had just after Steve had come back. Not regret, precisely, or shame, or hurt, but some complicated combination of the three, probably with a sizable helping of guilt and self-loathing to round it out, Tony being Tony.
Everyone unanimously voted 'no,' as they always did - if there were ever any problems with their finances, Tony would tell them without the need for anyone to ask, and unless there
Jarvis moved to set down his knife, and Wanda shook her head, forestalling him. "You're busy," she said. "I'll get the door."
Tony pushed himself up on one elbow, the sheet sliding further down his naked torso to pool at his hips. "If you do that,
"Right," Ms. Marvel said, looking away. "I'll go deal with Jan." She turned back to Peter for a moment. "Thanks for helping out. You didn't have to."
Forward momentum kept Don stumbling forward a step despite his attempt to stop, and only the Falcon's hand on his arm kept him from smacking straight into Tony.
What happened when you had internal injuries while pregnant? Did that even make a difference? If he was bleeding into his abdominal cavity, that was dangerous and life-threatening regardless of what other physical abnormalities he was suffering.
“You almost died,” he said, closing his eyes and fighting the impulse to hug Tony to him.  “Don’t do that again.”
“That was when I was still possessed by Chthon, channeling his power.” She shook her head slowly.  “I don’t even remember doing it, or know how I did.”
Tony’s eyes widened, and he lifted his head slightly, trying to look down at his chest.  “I’m not going to die, am I?”  He sounded honestly concerned.  Then he closed his eyes for a moment, wincing, and answered himself.  “I’m not hooked up to enough monitors for that.”
"It's a good thing you got the armor off when you did," Rhodey said. He was still in the doorway, looking mildly uncomfortable. "The way some of those people were losing it... There was a kid with cybernetic enhancements at Camp Hammond who was exposed to something similar. She accidentally blasted another student and killed him." He grimaced. "That would have killed Tony."
She raised an eyebrow. "The power is rightfully mine, not Doom's or Chthon's or anyone else's. Such suspicion. One would think I was offering you threats instead of my hand in aid." Her voice was poisonously sweet.
"Wait," Steve interrupted, "are you breaking things off with me, or are you afraid I want to break things off with you because you think I'm afraid to out myself?"
Tony could see Atlas swing into motion almost before it happened. His massive fist caught a completely unaware Hank directly in the ribcage, sending him sprawling.
One of Jan's 'stinger' blasts flared at the edge of his vision; she was diving at Sin's face, mobbing her like a blackbird or a crow.  Sin flinched, bringing one arm up, then laughed.  "I came prepared this time, Wasp."  She tapped the edge of her knife against the thick aviator's goggles she wore, then lifted the muzzle of her weapon and started firing at the air, trying unsuccessfully to shoot Jan down.
Tony nodded, his eyes closing for a second, and Steve moved his hand up a little higher, sliding it over the rough edge of his t-shirt until his fingers were resting against Tony's bare skin. Underneath his palm, the tendons in Tony's neck were rigid with tension.
Steve was so surprised that he lifted his own glass and took a healthy swig without even thinking about it. It wasn't until everything went dead silent and he realized that the others were all staring at him that the implications of what he'd just done started to sink in.
Jan's lips twitched for a second, hearing that. Tony was one of the worst micromanagers she'd ever worked with. He made half the fashion designers in New York seem easy going and calm.
The man raised his eyebrows slightly at that, but nodded and hurried to the head of the evacuation line. He pushed open the door and started ushering people out, looking oddly like Sam's old high school principal as he instructed people to stay single file, and no pushing, please. After the first six or so men and women had gone out, he followed them, and a red-uniformed hotel staffer took over the door-holding position.
Steve arched his body backwards and watched Tony's fist go sailing over his head. Tony had put his entire weight into the punch, which meant that he was already off balance when Steve straightened up, sidestepped Tony's attempt to rush him, and pivoted on one foot, launching a kick at Tony's head. Tony managed to block the blow with one arm, but just barely.
Out of the corner of his eye, he caught a flash of orange-furred movement under the couch. The cat had crept forward while they were talking, now that Steve was no longer poking at him.
Time seemed to stretch out as the guard came closer, while Don frantically and uselessly tried to will Mjolnir into his hand.
Tony shook his head fractionally, reaching up to lay his fingers over Steve's, still wrapped around his shoulder. "Damage was the wrong word. It's not going to do anything to me, Steve. It just hurts when I use it, and until the problem is fixed, it's going to keep hurting. Maya thinks the migraines might get worse, and there might be some other, minor side effects. It's not a big deal, just an inconvenience."
If he could reseal the vault door, it wouldn't matter.  No amount of power Doom could conjure up and no weapon he might have brought with him could get him out of there.
Tony managed to keep from flinching at Steve's anger, but only just. He took a deep breath, eyes focusing on the needle in his elbow, the green lines of the EKG monitor, the fuzzy hospital blanket that was covering his legs -- anywhere but Steve's face. "You had an access code," he pointed out, doing his best to sound reasonable. "And don't tell me you wouldn't have done the exact same thing! You would never sit out a fight, and you know it." People had been going out of their minds; he hadn't had a choice. And it wasn't as if Steve was any better at sitting on the sidelines.
Clint ran a hand through his hair and shook his head. "Oh man, I am really not prepared to deal with this. Forget forty-eight hours; I'm calling Cap now."
Tony turned to follow Steve's movements, keeping his hands up. "You mean she hasn't been possessed again at any point in the past three days, the Mansion is still standing, and Carol hasn't tried to kill her," he corrected.
They both stood there for a moment, neither saying anything.  Carol looked as tired as he felt.  Her hair was a tangled and windblown mess, and her red sash seemed to have gone wherever her gloves had.
Tony stood, pushing himself away from the wall and bracing himself against a rush of dizziness, and that was when he felt something hot and wet oozing between his legs.
"No one has tried to kill either of us yet," Tony said, with that infuriatingly sexy little smirk; Steve wasn't fooling anyone, apparently. "Or attacked the museum. So I think we can consider it a success."
"I need you," Tony breathed into Steve's open mouth. He had finally gotten the belt undone, was yanking the front of Steve's pants open. His fingers brushed against Steve, sending a jolt of electricity through him. "You won't lose me. Stay. Don't let me-"
No matter how many times Tony saw Hank shrink and unshrink lab equipment, it still looked like something out of Looney Tunes. He watched from the lab's doorway, carefully out of the way of expanding equipment, as Hank set a pocket-sized mass spectrometer and electron microscope on the floor, and began slowly returning them to their full sizes.
Tony grabbed Sin's wounded arm, the swollen flesh splitting and oozing fluid under his gauntlet, and jerked her back around.   He thrust his left hand up under her breastbone, and then—froze.
Curiosity finally overcame dread, and he unbuttoned the top three buttons of his shirt and made himself look. The breasts were small, probably only A cups, but they were, undeniably, breasts. Nestled between them, in the center of his chest, was the same ragged mass of scar tissue he'd had for the past five years; if anything, the breasts made it stand out more. One of the longer shrapnel scars carved a thin, white line along the inside of his right breast, reaching halfway to his nipple.
Baron von Blitzkrieg had congratulated him on his excellent work. It was almost funny – accolades from an ex-Nazi, for something that had been yet another mistake. The clone shouldn't have been so... They had screwed up somewhere. Hank had screwed up somewhere, the way he had with Ultron. It should have been controllable from the start; they should have had more safeguards....
"How badly is he hurt?" Cap asked, in the tone of someone who had already mentally taken charge of the situation. Cap tended to do that; it made him a good tactical leader for the Avengers. It also made him incredibly frustrating to work with at times, if his idea of the best course of action was different from your own.
Tony drew a deep breath in through his nose, staring at the wall just beyond Steve's head and trying to ignore the frustrated tension creeping up the back of his neck. Someone had tacked an 'endangered raptors of North America' calendar up on one wall, where Steve's pen and ink sketch of the Manhattan skyline had once hung; otherwise, the walls were still as bare as they had been after the SHRA had been passed and Steve had been gone, when Tony had pulled all of the pictures in the apartment down.
His laptop made the pinging sound that announced a new email, the tablet chiming in so closely afterward that the sound was almost a single electronic chirp. Tony glanced at it, then groaned, rubbing a hand over his face. "I've gone over that contract three times already," he muttered through his fingers. "What do they want to change now?"
Tony shrugged one shoulder, the motion making his breasts move interestingly. "Just so you know," he said, "you still have the right to haul off and slug me if we ever get into a fight." He offered Steve a familiar slightly-lopsided grin, the wry one he always used when he was being self-deprecating, totally oblivious to Steve's internal wince of horror at the thought of hitting someone I anger who was non-superpowered and nearly a hundred pounds lighter than he was. "I need some sense knocked into me occasionally."
At least he'd been at the office, where he didn't have to use the woman's bathroom. He still couldn't conquer the expectation that someone would scream and tell him to get out that he felt every time he entered one.
Tony met her gaze, and gave her the truth. "There are enough security cameras on this vessel for me to spy on every square inch of it outside of the Director's quarters. There was nothing in that report I hadn't already seen." He'd thrown up afterwards. He remembered that.
"We can do that later," Tony mumbled into the side of Steve's neck, and the vibrations of his voice against Steve's skin sent heat rushing down his body. "I have a business meeting in an hour, and D.C. keeps calling me about the mutant thing." He ground his hips against Steve's groin, his voice going low and rough, and Steve shuddered, gripping him harder. "Fury apparently told Koening and Gyrich to go do something anatomically impossible the last time they bothered him, and they think I'll have some kind of special insight into what SHIELD's going to do about it. Or that I'm still the government's pet superhero." Tony slid a hand into Steve's hair, turning his face toward his, and kissed him, slow and deep.
Lighting was crawling over her skin, her hair lashing wildly around her head in a non-existent wind.   It was sickeningly reminiscent of the way Wanda had appeared when Chthon had possessed her; any moment now, she would start levitating.
Wanda thought of Agatha dying alone, of her being replaced by some form of construct that had pretended to be her for months without any of her friends ever noticing, and shuddered. "He killed her, too?"
"He left that here the first time he went out to the West Coast. I doubt he even remembers that it exists. And we can't always order pizza when Jarvis isn't here. He'll think we don't know how to take care of ourselves."
Not that Tony didn't look utterly desirable like this - the dress clung just tightly enough to emphasize all the curves he did have, and the low back revealed a long expanse of smooth skin, dipping inward just below his waist. Steve could imagine drawing that naked back - the hollow of his spine, the angular lines of his shoulder blades, the curve of ribs narrowing down to the slim waist and then rounded hips flaring out again... pencil or charcoal, to get the shading right. Maybe water colors. He didn't usually do water color, but the delicate wash of tints would be perfect for-
"You were an even bigger challenge than Ultron," Hank said, the words feeling as if they came from someone else. "You know that? No one's ever perfected the cloning of superpowered non-humans outside of Dr. Essex's labs." His voice was too loud, too fast, the hot, edgy emotion in his chest making him feel sick, choking him. "We fucked up. It was too complicated for us, and we were in over our heads. Even Reed."
There was a moment of silence, the ringing in Steve's ears loud enough that all other noise was deadened into nothing, and then Sin stepped out of the special exhibit room, the John Dee manuscript tucked into the crook of one arm. In her other hand was a Luger pistol that Steve had last seen Red Skull carrying.
Steve relaxed, feeling silly. There wasn't any reason for worry or caution; as far as anyone else in the museum knew, Tony was a woman. If Steve wanted to put an arm around him in public, or even kiss him in the museum lobby, in front of god and everyone, no one would raise an eyebrow.
"And you are?" the Night Nurse asked coolly, raising an eyebrow at Wanda. She was in her late thirties, dark-haired and attractive in a severe-featured way, and the whimsical old fashioned nurse's uniform sat oddly on her, like a well-made Halloween costume. Wanda suspected that she would have looked more at home in surgical scrubs.
They were supposed to be copies of Ultron V, complete with fixed, glowing red grins, but Jan had tweaked the scenario, turning them into generic robotic figures. Hank appreciated the gesture, though it might have been nicely cathartic to pound the snot out of a series of slightly-malfunctioning Ultrons.
"You're on time," Strange observed. "Good. We have a lot of work to do." Before Wanda could ask any of the numerous questions she had for him, he continued, "Before we can do anything else, we must first gauge the extant of your training."
"I'm more sure about this than I've been of anything in a long time. It just," Steve spun on his right foot and kicked out at Sam with his left leg, only to have Sam block the blow with his forearm at the last moment. "It feels right."
Beside her, Gustave gestured impatiently at the building. Sin nodded sharply; they had delayed long enough.
The breastplate finally came free, a hole wide enough for three of Steve’s fingers punched straight through it.  Beneath it, his white dress shirt was soaked in blood.
"Tell the police that the building's clear, and there's a man in the front hall who needs immediate medical attention," he told Tony.
Steve rubbed at his face with both hands, just managing to stop himself from getting dust in his eyes. He'd as good as announced that he didn't trust Tony. There
"I can make sure the monitors stay on, and I can tell you if he's using the Extremis," Cap told him.
"I'm  thinking of booking you for the next charity performance I have to sit  through."  Tony grinned, using the hand that Steve wasn't holding to  slowly turn his mostly-empty glass in a circle, making the quarter inch  of coke at the bottom swirl around.  "They're usually incredibly boring,  but you would make it bearable."
she let you fuck her in return for not bringing her it to face justice? You either did or you didn't."
"Some blueprints and computer models," Tony said, after a pause. He didn't sound particularly enthusiastic, which meant whatever it was probably didn't explode, break the sound barrier, pioneer a new computer operating system, or do anything else particularly interesting, at least by Tony's standards.
She took a step forward, then grabbed at the altar rail again as the floor lurched under her feet. She could still hear Chthon's whispering, a faint susurrus of sound that seemed to come from everywhere at once. It was too indistinct to make out words, but the volume rose and fell in waves, as if Chthon were alternately shouting and cajoling.
Tony sympathized. A headache was already beginning to form behind his eyes; he hadn't had more than three connections open at once in the Extremis in weeks, and he'd hoped that taking it easy had given the damaged connections in his brain a chance to heal. He'd clearly been overly optimistic.
How could he have thought that Tony was less attractive as a woman than he'd been as a man? Or not curvaceous enough?
Sam was right; he'd known for weeks that he was probably going to have to intervene eventually, before the teams' communication problems came back to bite them in the ass in the field. He'd just hoped he wouldn't have to.
"Some kind of NDRI, and lithium.  The SSRIs made things worse.  I think it's the same thing as Wellbutrin, but a different brand name."  The words tumbled out in a rush, while Jan touched Hank's hair, his back, his arm, as if unsure what to do.  "Is he dying?" she blurted out after a short, jerky pause, her voice cracking.  "Tell me he's not dying."
She handed over the phone, a sleek, black rectangle, and watched intently as Tony simply held it; he couldn't use the phone's touch screen with his gauntlets on, but with the Extremis, he didn't need to.
Doom just stood there, making no move to attack the quinjet while Sam, Clint, and Carol exited it.  Either they weren't even worth the effort of attacking anymore, or the ritual he had begun required all of his attention and energy.  Steve hoped it was the latter.
Technically, he could have just bought them in bulk from a sports supply store or bow hunting catalog, but Clint preferred to make them to his own specifications. Plus, even online, it was hard to find a supplier that would dye the fletching the right shade of purple.
Steve had missed that, he realized. Tony had only given in when his suggestion had been officially voted down by half the team. He hadn't just conceded and agreed to go along with whatever Steve wanted. He'd visibly flinched at Thor's anger, and the accusation that his poor decisions had cost lives, but he'd looked the rest of them straight in the eyes and argued his point, without apologies.
He hadn't brought an ant colony or any other insects in to the West Coast labs. He hadn't wanted to let himself get too at home there. It didn't seem like a good idea to let himself get too at home anywhere.
"Well, yes, but-" Steve spluttered. When Tony put it that way, it made him sound like some kind of killing machine.
"I'm not going to get hurt," Peter said, feeling terribly out of place here, with Tony looking at him that way. Tony wasn't supposed to be concerned for him like that anymore. "We're in the hospital. You're the one that got hurt. And anyway," he added, "Aunt May's appointment downstairs is going to last at least another hour." He was babbling, and he knew it, but he couldn't think of anything intelligent to say. "I mean, I thought Cap wanted us all to try and reconcile and get along, and you kicking me out isn't exactly-"
The fact that one of the few things that had made it possible for him to stay sane like this was also the thing that had gotten him into this fucking mess, turned being female from something Tony could handle and live with into something that could literally kill him, would probably have been beautifully ironic if it had happened to someone else.
Someone was petting his hair, Steve realized muzzily, an indeterminate amount of time later. Sam would mock him if he ever saw this, Clint too, but Steve found that he didn't really care. Tony stroking his hair was inexplicably soothing.
"Sorry," Tony said, after a long moment during which Steve was pointedly silent. "I haven't been… You know me. I don't always handle things very well."
Tony stepped aside to let the two of them into the mansion, closing the door behind them and locking it. Without the glow of streetlights pouring in through the open door, the front hallway was dark, but he had memorized the bottom floor of this house before he'd turned six, and without furniture, navigating it in the dark was even easier.
The name was familiar, and not from arguments about animal rights and public sanitation. Englehart was one of the supporters of a proposal to ban known superheroes from working for the city, citing potential conflicts of interest, as well as potential lawsuits. "I don't think that would be a good idea," Steve said. "This isn't an art show in DUMBO. A loud public argument about politics will get us kicked out."
figured it out." She stopped, eyes suddenly moving away from Steve, toward her hand, where she would have worn a wedding ring, once. "Actually, I think Happy figured it out before I did. He was good at things like that. He knew Tony was Iron Man before I did, too."
Tony was often absent from his office, even during the hours when he was expected to be at work there, but it was, Thor decided, the best place to begin searching for him. If he were there, he would be alone, and there would be no need to fight with him, even with words, in front of Captain America. He would feel honor-bound to defend his lover, were he present, and Thor had no quarrel with him.
He did not startle in surprise - Victor von Doom never did anything so undignified - simply raised his eyes to meet Loki's in the polished metal mirror.  Her reflection stood behind him, slightly to one side, and close enough that he should have been able to feel her body pressed against his and her breath on the side of his neck.  An illusion only; if he turned to look beside him, there would be nothing but empty air.
Tony shook his head. "We tried that. Blackbolt said that we're a bunch on un-evolved primitives who have nothing that his people could possibly want. Or anyway, he gave me a contemptuous look that very clearly implied that and shook his head." The ruler of the Immortals never spoke, since his voice was a powerful sonic weapon, but after a while, you learned to read his expressions. "Trust Pietro to find a bunch of inlaws even more arrogant than he is."
This was all Clint's fault for refusing to drop the subject of Steve and sex in the first place. "I," Steve said, with slow dignity, "never slept with a soviet spy and nearly defected to Russia with her just because she was willing to let me touch her breasts."
Steve was grinning back now. "Oh, that wasn't showing off," he said, and threw himself into a back handspring to dodge Tony's next blow. "That was," he finished, now on the opposite side of the room. "We should do this more often," he added, as he braced himself for Tony's next attack. "I've missed this."
"It can't be mind control," Clint protested. He wished it were. It would be an awfully convenient explanation for the memory loss, and it would mean that it wasn't his fault. "She didn't even know she had powers."
Over the next few minutes, Tony over-balanced several times and failed to land at least two blows that he should have easily pulled off, growing more irritated each time. He might be learning to deal with his transformation in day to day life - mostly by ignoring it and acting as if everything were exactly as it had been, silently challenging everyone around him to do the same - but in a fight, he clearly fell back on old habits and familiar moves. That could be dangerous.
Steve jolted back to alertness, leaning forwards, his eyes focusing intently on Tony’s face.  “Tony?”
"Oh, it's not," she assured him cheerfully. "But I answer Tony's phone and open his mail, so I know all of his business anyway."
The oppressive atmosphere worsened as Strange drew closer to the cathedral. When he laid his hand on the door, the heavy wood and metal seemed to hum, the mystical vibrations sending a dull ache through damaged nerves and poorly knit bones.
He focused his will upon the weak spot in reality, envisioning the thick coils of Chthon's power being driven back the through too-permeable barrier, like a reversed form of cellular osmosis. "Let all the Hosts of Hoggoth send you back to the netherworld from whence you came!" he cried, and set the force of his will and magic – both his own, and that lent by the Vishanti, for which he served merely as the conduit – against the cold, heavy weight of Chthon's presence.
Tony hadn't mentioned that aspect when Thor had finally gotten an explanation out of him.  Don wasn't sure whether it was touching, or disturbing — maybe both.  What he was sure of was that he didn't have either the energy or the inclination to discuss this with Hank right now.  His leg hurt, he felt cold and slightly sick, and he really wanted to lie down.  "Great, so you only created a murderous monster by accident while trying to play god.  Why does that sound familiar?"  It would have been a thundering denunciation a few months ago, fueled by Thor's anger as well as his own, but at the moment, Thor was too busy being angry at both Loki and himself to have anything left over for Hank.
"She implies that I divorced Hank because he's a crazy mad scientist," Jan said, her voice dangerously calm. "I think abrasive is an understatement. Keep reading. The next paragraph is about how Clint used to be a petty criminal before you gave him a 'second chance.' I didn't even read the rest of it. I'm sure I'll hear about it from everyone in the fashion industry tomorrow." She waved a hand at the magazine. "Veronica at work lent me this because there's a spread on her designs in it. It's an advance copy — the rest of them hit newsstands tomorrow morning."
"I've been trying to train him not to bite people.  It doesn't seem to be working."  Stern tones of voice didn't seem to bother the cat, and pushing him away or swatting him gently on the head or shoulders was giving him what he wanted by paying attention to him, and only seemed to encourage him.
"You... did a good job today," she said awkwardly. Handing out encouragement like that was part of her job as Avengers' chairperson, but it felt patronizing saying it to Hank. He'd been an Avenger as long as she had, and shouldn't need to be told when he'd done good, but Hank was Hank, and he
Tony sighed. He still wasn't looking at Steve, wasn't even facing him. "You're not going to like it."
The core of the Avengers, the ones who'd been on the team the longest – Steve, Tony, Hank, Jan, Thor, Clint, Wanda – always got extra leeway with one another. It wasn't surprising, given how long they'd known each other, but it wasn't always a good thing, either. If Carol had pulled half the things Hank had... Or Tony, who seemed to go out of his way to fuck himself over. And yet they'd both been forgiven, just as Wanda had. On the other hand, neither of them had killed a teammate, though Hank had apparently come close.
Where was Jen when you needed her? Or Henry and Simon — another pair of flyers would have been useful about twenty minutes ago. Even if one of them was a bland superhero wannabee who'd gotten his powers as part of a publicity stunt.
Tony sighed, and leaned back into Steve's touch; not much, but just enough for it to be perceptible and slightly disconcerting. "Maybe I was. I would do it again, though. Not in the same way, not with the same mistakes, but I would. It had to be done."
Tony had begged his pardon and sought forgiveness. Hank had not, had in fact flaunted his misdeeds in Thor's face, but he had not committed them out of spite and malice. Loki was warped inside, treacherous as rotten ice; perhaps she always had been, even in the days when Thor had considered her a brother.
It was the sight of his blood that had upset Tony so much in the first place. Walking up to him looking like he'd just been in a fistfight probably wouldn't have been a good idea.
There had been no point in going to bed for a few minutes' worth of catnapping, and their bedroom here probably wasn't even made up anymore.  And part of him had balked at the idea of sleeping in their ridiculously huge bed without Tony, which was pure silliness.
Carol punched the Doombot in the jaw with all the force she usually tried not to use on humans, then grabbed it by the shoulder and chin as it stumbled off-balance and ripped its head clean off.
"Everyone on the East Coast knew," Tony protested. He was lying very still across one of the quinjet's back seats, his eyes closed, looking frighteningly small in the remains of his crumpled business suit. Hank had had to practically beg him to lie down and stay lying down; Tony hated being injured, and he also hated doing anything someone else told him to do.
"Neither  was the way Cap ran off that blonde over by the bar," MJ said, the  amused smile still playing over her lips.  "I guess they're not  bothering to keep things in the closet anymore."
Steve wrenched harder at the breastplate, and was considering trying to pry one of the seams apart with the edge of his shield when a shadow loomed over him, blocking the light and making the near-invisible line that marked the border between the two plates of armor completely invisible.
"Honestly?" Carol said softly, "Normally, if a guy told me something like this, I'd call him a prick and kick him out of the car, but what you just described sounds an awful lot like what happened with Marcus." She grimaced. "I can't remember why I decided to go with him, I just know that I didn't really want to. Like one of those dreams where you don't want to do something, but you're watching yourself do it anyway."
She vanished mid-word, and Sam was suddenly alone was alone in a room full of cold, damp fog that reeked of wood smoke and old ice.
"Go," Steve ordered, the word muffled as he dragged his tunic on over his head.  "I'll catch up to you in a minute."
Making Tony stay on the Helicarrier had been the right thing to do, but at the moment, Steve found himself wishing he'd given in to Tony's arguments and let him come back with them.  Tony kept the nightmares away, and when he didn't, he still managed to calm Steve down enough for him to fall back to sleep without fear of having more.
Hank might not have wanted him, but Hank didn't notice that women other than Jan existed. He never had.
"Doom never lets anything go that easily." Steve bent backwards at the waist, letting Tony's next blow glide harmlessly past him. He was showing off, Tony suspected, the same way he was when he did one-handed back handsprings while holding twelve pounds of unwieldy metal.
Tony flashed him a brilliant smile. "Actually, I think many women would be able to attest that I'm bisexual. And... Since I was in college, since the Helicarrier blew up, and because the media was still having so much fun with all the other ways I've publicly exposed myself to them that it would have been a shame to distract them."
Another had been here before him, the fading remnant of a mortal spirit.  It took only a thought to destroy it.  The vessel resisted, but she was his now, and after a moment's exercise of his will, Chthon looked on the interior of the cathedral through her eyes.
"You need to come upstairs! Nobody's going to believe this!" Though, given that he and Steve had already come back from the dead... "Or maybe they will."
Steve had thought, when he'd confronted Tony to demand that he stop, and later, when he'd thrown "the Captain's" shield back in Tony's face, that Tony had been completely recovered from whatever it was that had driven him to try and seek oblivion in a bottle - he had been so determined, so driven, so different from the man who'd been willing to just lie down and die - but maybe he hadn't been. Neither set of actions had seemed like Tony, unless Steve knew Tony far less well than he had thought, something he'd been willing to believe.
Very little that Tony got up to when it came to romance surprised him anymore, but with Hank? After Steve had torn him a new one over how stupid getting involved with an emotionally fragile teammate was during his brief fling with Jan, he'd decided to move on to
Sometimes, she almost hoped they hadn't been. Hoped they'd only been her imagination and will manifesting itself through her powers, the way Agatha had claimed, without a reality of their own - if they weren't real, that meant they wouldn't have suffered when Mephisto had taken them.
fine. Steve had learned to tell the difference between Tony actually being calm and in control, and Tony forcing a false smile and faking it.
"Sorry," Sam told Ms. Sullivan, "Gotta go." He turned his back on her without giving her a chance to respond and hurried over to Steve. "Paramedics say the people who were evacuated through the lobby all seem okay, but they're taking them all to St. Vincent's and a couple of other hospitals to run some tests and make sure."
The kiss was long and hard, almost bruising, and when she pulled back several long moments later, Doom could taste blood from a stinging bite to his lower lip.
"Funny. A week from now, I'd be paying a fortune for this." Tony's voice sounded odd, his expression unreadable.
Hank jumped at the sound, nearly dropping the micropipette full of toxin that he was currently awkwardly manipulating with his right glove.
"Jan's not creepy," Steve pointed out. "And she apparently wanted you." He was still a little bitter over that, jealous, if he were honest. Even discounting the fact that Tony had entered the relationship under false pretenses, before he'd told Jan that he was Iron Man, and that the ink on Jan's divorce papers had barely been dry... if Tony had had to date a fellow Avenger, a little, selfish voice whispered, why couldn't it have been him?
Thor shook his head, straightening from his crouch over Steve and Tony.  "I fear it is not Doom alone we must worry about."
Steve shook his head, even though he knew Tony wouldn't see the gesture. "You didn't hurt me," he said, going to stand in front of Tony. "You woke up from a nightmare and socked me in the face by accident. It's nothing Bucky and I didn't do to each other a few times during the war. I should have been more careful." He knelt, needing to be able to look Tony in the eye. He'd never admitted to anyone else that the occasional nightmares he had about the war had started before he'd been trapped in the ice. After a while, they'd all learned to be careful waking each other up, and that rule applied just as much to superheroes as it did to soldiers.
"Go ahead," Hill said. She sounded less than thrilled to be speaking to him; most of SHIELD's high command tended to sound wary when speaking to Tony. He wasn't sure whether they still resented him for not being Fury, secretly wished he'd come back now that they were under Fury's significantly more aggressive command again, or all just silently thought he was crazy.
Redwing had grabbed the spear in his talons, and he was so much smaller than Strange – what would it do to Sam, if Redwing-
Steve wasn't, he told himself, waiting up until Jan and Tony came back just so that he could be treated to the spectacle of Tony in a dress. That would be immature and petty.
Tony was grinning now, so widely that the split in his lower lip was pulled open again. "I always did wonder why helping him find himself involved convincing him to wear a costume that made him look like a gay porn star."
Pepper looked up from her hands, catching and holding Steve's eyes. "Hurt him," she said, "and I'll make you pay."
Behind him, Clint had an arrow nocked and ready, hopefully one with a blunted tip. He was making an effort to walk quietly on the stone floors, but his boots still made audible clicking noises. Sam was having more luck, moving nearly silently beside Steve.
Clint waved the idea away, his hand making a hard, jerky motion. "That was when we still thought it was just Wanda with amnesia, before we knew about Chthon." He looked away, down at his torn and grimy gloves. "He wasn't just influencing her by that point; he was controlling her completely." His hands clenched into fists, and his jaw tightened; he looked older, suddenly, more so than he actually was. "She didn't choose any of it, not even subconsciously. Chthon used her body to seduce me like some kind of, of Wanda-puppet. She doesn't even
"Of course, you wouldn't be in any way concerned about whether the people you're not talking to are going to be okay."
"...should have been me," Don was saying to Tony. "Considering how much I owe you for that, you're pretty much entitled to free medical care forever."
sick, aside from the headaches. Had there been other symptoms, ones Steve had missed? How much had he been hiding?
Peter still hadn't gotten used to people doing this -- every time he got a, "Hey, aren't you Spiderman?" comment, he felt this automatic impulse to freeze, look around to see if anybody had heard, and maybe climb out the window or hide behind somebody. A little, paranoid part of him nervously expected receptionist-guy to call the cops on him, or turn out to be the Shocker in a cunning hospital-worker disguise.
There was a familiar, whiny "feed me" meow from the doorway, and then the cat padded silently into the room, sneering at Sam on his way to Steve — he and Redwing loathed each other, and he considered Sam to be an extension of Redwing.
Tony was trying hard to pretend that everything was normal, that he was fine. Steve would have been more likely to believe the act if Tony had looked him in the eye even once since stepping off the quinjet, or even said hello.
There ought to be some way to increase the armor's ability to absorb kinetic force. Steve's shield's ability to do the same was an inherent property of vibranium and thus not replicable, but there were other things he could do. Force shields were too much of an energy drain, but maybe...
"Must you take everything from me?" Loki demanded, leaning forward so that she was practically hissing in his ear. He ought to have been able to feel her breath on the back of his neck, feel her heat pressed against his back. The fact that he could not was almost more disconcerting than her actual presence would have been. "You have Valhalla, you have your father's throne and all his power, and you cannot spare me this one small thing? Baldur yet lives, for you and all others in Asgard to fawn over. Must I be punished forever for his sake?"
Around them, the Mansion's lawn had erupted into chaos. Thor and the Wrecker were whaling away on one another with hammer and crowbar, while Sam was piling blow after barely-effective blow on Mr. Hyde while Redwing dive-bombed his head, avoiding the man's return blows with an easy grace that broadcast as loud as a neon sign that he, like Tony, Clint, and Wanda, had been trained by Steve. Hyde could take more punishment than any human without weapons or superstrength could dish out; Sam was going to need-
He had given up the idea of ever returning to normal, Steve knew. That was what his proposal had been about, on one level. About seizing what he could have as a woman, because there seemed to be no hope of ever becoming a man again. He had rejected Don's suggestion of corrective surgery vehemently, insisting that sexual organs that were in perfect working order were preferable to ones that wouldn't work as well even if they were the wrong kind.
going to."  She was striding toward them, movements quick and purposeful, growing larger with each step.
How much of Agatha was truly left? How much of the woman in front of her was simply Chthon's energy poured into an empty shell?
expected it.  He just wasn’t used to being on display as Steve Rogers, rather than as Captain America.
Wanda, Carol, Firestar, Jack of Hearts; all of them had struggled with their powers. Jack had had to spend hours locked in a zero chamber just to keep his powers far enough under control to avoid exploding. And then, of course, there was the Hulk.
"Yep. In this one, the star pirates have to stop a time-traveling warlord from taking over their solar system."
"I'm glad I'm proving to be such a learning experience for everyone," Tony said. His newly husky voice was unfamiliar, but the sharp sarcasm in it was not.
As he let go of the post and stepped toward the fight again, a tiny black shape dove for the man Carol was restraining. A cloud of white mist surrounded his head and shoulders, and then Jan was darting upwards again, easily evading the man's attempts to grab her with hands and prehensile tongue.
Tony, unfortunately, was not in his office. Pepper Potts-Hogan, however, was. She was sitting behind Tony's desk, muttering to herself as she went through a stack of papers. "I spend a month in California, and everyone in this company misplaces their brain."
Tony had a strange concept of responsibility, obsessively over-zealous at some times and then nearly non-existent at others. Steve belated realized that he was still holding the fresh icepack, and put it against his shoulder again without taking his eyes off Tony. "And so you thought you'd prevent that by blowing things up?"
"The important thing is that I came back before I seriously hurt someone," Wanda corrected. "Or killed them. Studying magic is a harder way to be in control again, but a better one."
There were strands of dark hair sticking to Tony’s forehead.  Steve carefully brushed them back, Tony’s skin cool and clammy under his fingers.  At least he didn’t have a fever.
"You're an attractive girl," Morgan went on. "Who'd have expected that, huh? If I didn't know who you were-"
Don's ears popped as the air pressure in the room dropped, and he wasn't sure whether it was he or Thor who growled, "Get out, and stay away from my family."
Hank stared at her for a long moment, his expression frozen and faintly trapped. "What do you want to talk about?" he finally asked, his voice sounding strained.
"With the right ammunition, you can shoot just about anything." And Tony knew from ammunition. As much from painful personal experience as from the fact that he used to make it.
"Thanks. I think this is the first time things at work have gone right since Loki zapped me; you have no idea how much of a relief it is. Nobody said anything, but I think some of the board members were quietly floating the idea of replacing me." Tony had been more worried by the thought than he'd admitted to himself; without this deal, SI would have been out of options, no matter how hard he'd tried to put a good face on things for the board, and Tony would have lost his company once more. When he'd left the conference room, secure in the knowledge that he wasn't going to lose everything he'd fought so hard to regain after all, relief had hit him so hard that he'd actually had to run for the executive washroom to throw up.
Steve glanced automatically at Tony, who was staring down at the empty glass in his hands. It was an unwritten rule that they never pointed out the absence of alcohol when Tony was involved. Ideally, they refrained from mentioning alcohol in Tony's presence at all.
"I'll miss the chance to ask Councilman Englehart some probing questions about his pigeon population control legislation." Sam glanced over at the man again, eyes narrowing slightly; under the joking tone was a thread of something more serious.
Much of the older architecture in this city aped gothic designs, some of the skyscrapers even including gargoyles on their roofs, as if the American builders had sought to compensate for the history and culture they lacked by decorating Manhattan with pale imitations of it.
Coming from a man whom Steve had known to personally redesign completely functional products from the ground up because they were only 'good' and not good
"It's my fault," Tony said. "I should have answered her phone calls. If you don't give a reporter the story you want them to run, they'll find another one. And she's probably been dying to run a story on me since I threw her out of my office. And then she called me to ask for an interview after the SHRA was repealed, and I hung up on her."
Cap gave him a look that he mentally translated as "Clint, that wasn't very nice." He sighed, looking down at Tony once more; he looked almost afraid, or maybe like he wanted to cry, neither or which were looks Clint was used to seeing on Cap. "I don't know what I'm going to do," he said, voice low.
It was as if he tried to throw himself against a brick wall. Chthon's snarl of rage rang through his head, and the whispering rose to an eerie almost-scream that blocked out all other sound.
The artificial heart was startlingly visible this way, a dark shadow beneath the pale film of the shirt.
Tony tuned the radio chatter out as ambulances began reporting in, and gave his full attention to the two men and three women who had just exited the subway station, all of them writhing convulsively as sticky black goo began oozing over their skin. His helmet's air filters kept all foreign particles out, but if he'd taken it off, he knew the air would be heavy with the thick, cloying scent of cotton candy and burned sugar that always surrounded the Venom symbiote.
The New York Botanical Gardens’ annual gala was usually held in the spring or summer – the fact that Steve even knew this was probably a sign that he’d paid far too much attention to Tony’s social life even before they’d gotten together – but this spring, New York had been attacked by Doombots and the Mandarin, and the upheaveal caused by the fighting over registration had still lingered.  Hence holding the 2007 gala in December.
"And the right kind of men would be better?" That wasn't entirely unexpected, considering that Clint had walked in on him kissing Hank, but it was still something of a surprise to hear Tony come right out and say it. Then again, Tony had never bothered keeping anything about his love life secret.
Steve unslung his shield from his back. "Let's go. Ms. Marvel, you take point." Of them all, Carol was the most bullet-proof, her partial invulnerability giving her better protection from conventional weapons than even Thor possessed.
"Do you think I'd have sex with you in that room if I knew the Winter Soldier, and probably Nick Fury, were watching?"
Steve shivered under the touch, and found himself leaning forward and reaching for Tony before reason intervened. "We shouldn't do this," he said. "I said I didn't want to take advantage of you and I meant it."
"It's the twenty-first century, Tony. You can wear exactly the same thing as you always do, just in a size and cut that doesn't make it look like you're wearing your boyfriend's clothing."
At first, he'd thought it was maybe a fire, or a major traffic accident, one of those things where four cars and a greyhound bus all pile up on each other. Then the guy behind the reception desk checked Aunt May's name against the appointment list, then looked up and said, "Parker? Hey, are you that Peter Parker Spiderman guy? How come you're not with the other costume people?"
"Are you waiting to go back with the Quinjet, or do you want a lift back to the tower?" he asked, turning to Clint.
"You two are so married that it's sickening," Clint announced, bracing his hands against his thighs and standing. He surveyed them for a long moment, then shook his head, pulling a face. "God, I need to get laid. Jan's right. This team needs more girls."
"I always figured there was something going on there," Jessica Jones said, more to herself than anything else.
Glitter?   Steve very carefully decided not to contemplate why one would want to  wear eye make-up and glitter to a night club, much less why Tony would  know about it.  "It's a jazz club," he said instead.  "MJ told us at  breakfast that she was going to be singing there tonight.  If you'd  actually been at breakfast instead of at work, you'd know."
Steve didn't even bother to volunteer – he and Sam were already talking to the ambulance crew. As Tony watched, he gestured to the fallen pedestrians with one hand, saying, "Some of them may have minor injuries. We tried to be careful when we restrained them, but—"
"I don't think either of us has actually asked anything," Steve pointed out. He probably ought to go down on one knee, he thought. That was the way people always did it in books and movies.
Construction, Wanda assumed, to repair the damage she had done. Saying yes felt strange, presumptuous, after everything that had happened, but she could think of nowhere else to go.
“Yeah, we noticed.”  Without taking his hand from Steve’s shoulder, Bucky pulled the glove off his good hand with his teeth and pressed his bare fingers against Tony’s throat.  “Thor and the Wasp are the only ones that don’t look like they were pulled through a cheese grater backwards.  I thought Warbird was invulnerable.  His pulse is good,” he added.  “Well, it’s there, anyway.  Are you hurt?”
Tony hit the mat hard enough to knock the breath out of his lungs. Then he simply lay there for a moment, staring up at the ceiling and gasping in air. The workout room in the Avengers Tower had high, white, very basic ceilings, nothing like the decorative plasterwork the Mansion had had.
Steve shook his head; there was no danger here that he could see. The stiff line of Wanda's back and the frozen lack of expression on her face had set off alarm bells, though. Something was wrong here, even if he himself had noticed nothing.
She actually laughed.  Laughed.  At him.  “It’s so cute when mortals try to threaten me.  You were entertaining, for a Midgardian.  Perhaps I’ll find a use for you again sometime.”  She leaned forward just an inch or two and kissed the edge of his reflection’s mask, running her tongue along the seam where it joined to flesh.
It was silly to hover in the doorway, Steve decided.  The tiny little room had no chairs, but there was a second bed parallel to Wanda’s.  He sat down heavily on it, leaning his shield against his feet.  “Are you sure you’re okay?”
Cap closed his eyes for a moment, then, "Hank doesn't know what it is yet, and the hospital doesn't know how to treat it. Two of the other victims have already died of heart attacks, and four of them are in comas. And he won't talk to me." His voice got softer, face twisting for a second. "I don't think he knows I'm here."
Steve clapped his hands together. "Let's move it, Avengers. People could be dying while we stand here staring at each other. You can brief us on the situation on the way, Tony."
Actually, given that they were probably being watched, "The mansion must be in ruins.  When the others get here, Sin and Doom are going to regret that."  She raised her voice.  "You hear that, Mister Man in the Iron Mask?  You and Nazi Barbie are going to regret this."
Clint was still trying to get up, each movement causing him obvious pain.  Jan grabbed him by the shoulder.  “Stop it.  You’ll puncture a lung if you don’t stay still.”  The words came out sharp-edged and harsh; she wanted to shake Clint, yell at him for being so careless, for not dodging, for sitting up and moving when he probably had broken ribs.
Steve  glanced over at Tony, who had reached the bar by now, and felt a small  pang of guilt.  Tony hated going anywhere near a bar, offers to fetch  drinks notwithstanding, something Steve knew perfectly well, and should  have remembered.  He ought to have volunteered to go himself, as soon as  Tony brought it up.
"We've been busy getting people out of the building," Sam told her. He was standing very straight, arms folded across his chest, and was holding his head tilted slightly to one side, the way he did when he was considering something. Sam was no fonder of talking to the media than Steve was. "We haven't had time to check the internet."
Awake.  “Good.  That’s good.”  The doctors had brushed his questions aside when he’d asked about her, and it had been obvious from their careful non-answers that no one been sure whether or not she would ever regain consciousness, and if she would still be Wanda when she did so.  Strange was still unconscious, so no one was entirely sure what Wanda had done to banish Chthon, but she had used the spear to do it, and everyone else who had tried to draw on its power was either dead or badly injured.
"What does it take," Tony said, his breath still coming in slightly ragged gasps, "for you to get out of breath?"
His determination lasted through the walk downstairs - Steve, thank God, didn't seem to be around - Rhodey's arrival and subsequent laughter, and Happy's shocked double-take when he pulled the Aston Martin up in front of the Mansion's front door.
This time, the Masters of Evil consisted of Helmut Zemo, Mister Hyde, and the supervillain formerly known as Goliath, who had finally gotten tired of stealing Hank and Jim Foster's name and begun calling himself Atlas.
"You can watch," Tony corrected. He grinned, then, as Steve followed him into the elevator. "You're just hoping I'll let you test Rhodey's shoulder cannon, aren't you?"
Carol gritted her teeth, held the twisted steel I-beam in her hands steady — it required her to float just under the ceiling, with nothing to brace herself against — and silently echoed Jan's urgings for Tony to get on with it.
"I'm trying not to think about that." Tony sighed. "Let's just go tell everyone else that I'm stuck like this and get that fun experience over with."
Steve turned to smile at him, that recruitment-poster perfect grin that always made Tony want to smile back, even when he couldn't. There was a tear through the leather fabric of his pants, halfway up his right thigh, but he looked otherwise untouched by the chaos of the past twenty minutes. From the easy set of his shoulder and the open happiness in that smile, he was pleased with the fight's outcome.
"It looks like that didn't work out well," Cap said, dryly. Behind him, Jan slipped into the room, shutting the door behind her. She was in street clothes, too, the three-inch heels of her boots somehow nearly silent on the tiled floors.
Carol frowned. "That almost sounds like mind-control, but even if she was faking the amnesia, Wanda's powers never worked like that." She hesitated, then shook her head. "Of course, she can manipulate reality on a global scale now, so God knows what she can and can't do."
His shield seemed to hum in his hands as Wanda spoke, pink light crackling over it. "I can't control where their bullets hit, but I can make certain that the ricochets strike nothing important."
Cly and Erwin had taken Tony when he'd been nothing but a liability, when they'd had every reason to turn him away, and he'd repaid them with death. Cly had burned to death, like Titanium Man had; he wondered if she had screamed the way he had.
She stabbed a finger at Wanda, and had the satisfaction of seeing her flinch back. "How can we ever trust you again? I get hauled off to another dimension by a rapist and no one lifts a finger, but they welcome you back with open arms? You should be locked up somewhere where you can't hurt anybody else," she spat, "not back on the team."
Cap looked back up at Peter, and tried to smile for a second. He didn't succeed very well. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to burden you with all of this."
Jan looked very small and still in the middle of the white hospital bed. There were wires running off her, attached to EKG and EEG machines, and an IV line stuck in her elbow.
It hadn't even occurred to him how painful it must have been for Wanda to have a teammate who was pregnant. Especially, considering how difficult it had been for her to conceive, one who didn't want to be pregnant and wasn't planning on keeping the baby.
Jan blinked, trying to make the sight go away. When it failed to, she turned to Steve. "You didn't tell me
"Mostly, insanity, unfortunate science experiments, and bad fashion sense are the path to supervillainy, but I know what you mean."
Jan grabbed 'him' by the shoulders and lifted him off the floor, then held him there, feet kicking uselessly. "I could get used to this." Her voice was crisp and clear over the intercom system – that part of the set up was in perfect working order. "It's kind of fun being the biggest person in the fight."
A.I.M. had been responsible for the fear toxin that had put both Tony and Jan in the hospital last month.
"You didn't," Sam said.  "I wasn't sleeping."  The way he was rubbing at his eyes and blinking made that a lie.
Steve might be capable of prolonged sulking fits and epic cases of missing the point, but he didn't wallow in guilt or self-pity.
Hank's voice sounded pleading as he spoke, even embarrassed. "Please don't. He's not going to care why we did it. HUSAC didn't force me to rush the experiment, or order me not to add additional behavioral safeguards. Whether or not we wanted to do it, we still had a responsibility to do it right."
Clint had pushed himself to his feet, his hand moving automatically to his shoulder as if he were reaching for the quiver he wasn't wearing; he'd left the arrows in the quinjet, joking that the last thing he wanted was to be stabbed with one of his own weapons again.
Don jerked upright and opened his eyes to light.  A door in the opposite wall had opened, spilling a long line of harsh, fluorescent light across the floor. Silhouetted against it was a man in a dark uniform, a gun in one hand and three water bottles tucked under the other arm.
"Some guy. I met him at a party, before, when I was drinking. I didn't even remember him until I saw him tonight. He didn't recognize me, either, but he tried to pick me up again, so he must have recognized something about me."
"I know," Tony said again. "I promise I'll keep you updated on anything that might affect breaking the curse from now on." He stood, edging away from the examining table and toward the door and Steve. "I've got… I don't even want to think about how much work I have to catch up on. I walked straight out of a meeting with federal officials. I hope Dr. Avison was able to keep them distracted; I'm not sure she's ever going to forgive me."
"Dr. McCoy wrote an article on it a few years ago. It dealt mostly with telepathy and brainwashing, though. With magic, all bets are off." He reached for his walking stick, leaning against the edge of a lab bench, and then, turning to Clint, said, "Sorry, Clint. I was just finishing up with Wanda. Is there something you need? Are your ears-"
MJ was silent for a moment, regarding him seriously. "No one should have to make those kind of decisions," she said finally. "I'd be worried if you wanted to."
"I used to have these web-shooter thingies I wore. Now it's organic. Here, I'll get that," he added, as he watched her tug futilely at the webbing. He reached out and grabbed the corner of the clipboard in one hand, and jerked the webbing loose with the other. He'd used the non-sticky kind, so it came loose after a couple of hard yanks -- one of the benefits of the organic web-shooters was that he could control the consistency of the webbing without changing cartridges. "Sorry about that," Peter said, shoving the webbing into the pocket of his jeans. "Thanks."
Steve glanced from the leather-bound book in Sam's hand to the half-dozen bodies littering the floor, and swore. They must have been under orders to kill themselves rather than risk capture. Six lives — seven, counting the security guard — for one manuscript.
Was Tony actually admitting that he needed to pay more attention to his own physical well-being? That seemed almost too good to be true, especially since Steve, given some time to think, had realized over the course of the day that Tony had had a valid point earlier; people had been in danger, and Tony had been one of the only two people there who could do anything control the situation. With a little distance between himself and the reality of Tony semi-conscious with monitors attached to him, Steve could admit that he had been reacting purely on emotion, rather than logic.
Considering that Tony's cousin had sold him out to supervillains at least twice and had tried put the moves on him the last time they'd met, no, he probably didn't merit a wedding invitation. Very few of Tony's acquaintances outside the superhero community and Stark Industries did, Steve suspected. Especially not the people who had gone to fancy parties with Tony and watched cheerfully from the sidelines as he drank himself into oblivion. "That guy from the charity ball isn't invited, either."
"You mean the spear?" Damn it, he was not actually having a conversation with Loki. With new, disconcertingly attractive Loki and her vulpine smile and bottle-glass-green eyes that were the only part of Thor's stepbrother face that he could still recognize in her. "You've been content to ignore it for the past several thousand years. Why do you care what happens to it?"
"But you're going to help us stop him, just out of the goodness of your heart?" Sam asked dryly. He'd shifted his weight onto the balls of his feet, knees slightly bent – ready to move if Loki tried anything.
"He says his head hurts," Sharon translated. She put one hand on the side of Barnes's face, and swore. "James, you're-"
Strange frowned. "I might have further tests I'd like your assistance with." He shrugged, the frown replaced by a slightly self-deprecating smile, and added, "I never did get the hang of doing my own labwork, back in medical school."
"What?" Tony blinked at her, unsure what to make of this. "Why? Have they introduced some alien computer virus into the Extremis?"
It shouldn't make a difference; Tony was no more attractive now than he had been before - if anything, he was slightly better looking as a man than as a woman - and he was every bit as capable of being Iron Man. And every bit as tightly-wound, every bit as much of a potential loose canon.
She shook her head. "They limit the power I can draw on, and block Chthon's access to me. Other than that, they're no different from tattoos."
"I'm too busy trying to run my company and pull my weight on the team and keep the people in DC who hate me even more now that I've debauched Captain America happy to have time for anything else," Tony was snarling, as he snatched his laptop and tablet off the floor. "Get out of my lab. I have work to do."
Peter scuffed the toe of one shoe on the floor, trying to avoid looking at Tony; something about the way he was just lying there was just creepy. "The guy at the reception desk said it wasn't lethal. So he and the Wasp should be okay, right?"
"So we're just supposed to trust her not to use too much magic and burn through the seals?" Carol's voice dripped with scorn. Jan was tempted to point out that half the former anti-Registration superheroes had been equally unwilling to trust
Tony glanced at the stranger in the mirror again. Jarvis was right; he did look a little bit like his mother. Strange; everyone had always commented on how much like Howard Stark he looked, before.
And Reed Richards would finally have to acknowledge that Doom was his superior in every way that mattered. It would make the even the months of waiting patiently at Loki's side until he could eventually betray her and rule alone sweet.
This was actually the second time it had been rebuilt – the architects and construction company had done a very good job. How much, Carol wondered, had Tony had to bribe the Landmarks Preservation Commission in order to build an exact copy of the original building instead of some modern 'update' of it?
"Hey, don't shout," Clint hissed. "We're in a hospital. The nurses will eat you." Then the import of Rhodey's words caught up with him. "A cure? That's great!" Jan was going to be okay. And Tony was going to be okay, which meant Cap would be okay.
They swept each floor as they went up, a quick walk-through to ensure that people were actually evacuating and that nobody was being overlooked. The first and second floors were nearly empty, the third floor entirely so, and as they climbed the flights of stairs between floors, they passed a good two dozen people going down. Some of them looked relieved upon seeing Sam and Steve. More of them went wide-eyed and started to hurry down the steps faster.
Tony took a step toward him, intent on finding out, when a hollow boom sounded from one of the upper stories, followed by a loud rumble as the floor abruptly shook under his feet.  Part of the building had collapsed; he hoped it wasn't structural.
"Give me that." Steve grabbed the magazine away from Tony, skimming the first page. The opening paragraphs were nothing but basic background information on the team, and a review of their activities over the past few months. No editorial commentary, no-wait.
"Just waiting for you guys to get here," she said. She slid one arm under the man's back and the other under his knees, and stood, carrying him to the window. "I think things are starting to wind down; a lot of the victims have collapsed." She took off out the window, and Steve took a few slow steps closer to Tony.
Wanda stared at him, not daring to believe that she'd heard that correctly. "I thought Cap was dead," she interrupted.
"A.I.M. released some kind of drug or poison -- we don't know what yet -- into the ventilation system at the restaurant where Tony and Jan were having lunch." Cap's voice was matter-of-fact; he didn’t sound angry or upset like Peter had expected, just kind of grim.
Tony shook his head, waving the statement away. "I was just a thinly veiled excuse for the two of them to get into a fistfight." USAgent and Steve were like oil and water; they respected one another, or at least, Tony knew John respected Steve, and was pretty sure Steve returned at least some of that regard, or he'd never have let John carry his shield, but they didn't actually like one another.
Steve didn't point out that said DoD contracts involved work Tony sincerely enjoyed, and that he'd repeatedly heard him refer to the StarkPhone as "boring." He dropped to his knees, letting his hands slide down Tony's body, eliciting a very satisfying choked-off groan when he deliberately brushed them over the front of Tony's trousers, and looked up at Tony with a grin.
That sounded reassuringly non-painful, and similar to some of the meditation exercises Agatha had had her perform, though Agatha hadn't used magical artifacts, preferring candles and circles of runes.
Hank, on the other hand, was closer and not three inches high, and Don could clearly see him frowning.  "Doom can't actually devour Thor's soul, though, can he?" he asked, and Don wasn't sure whether he sounded concerned or morbidly fascinated.
Steve's grin was sudden and blinding. "I'm sure you have an extra pair of goggles around here somewhere."
"I had  to reschedule a lot of things while I was sick," Tony said, sounding  slightly defensive.  "I'm still catching up."  He sighed, looking away  and running one hand through his hair.  "Jazz club."
Clint knew that feeling far better than he wanted to, both the guilt he could see in her face and the way memories you didn't want stayed on constant repeat in your head. After a long moment of silence, he offered, "I used to dream about seeing Bobbi get... burned."
"It does not seem meet to me that Doom should be permitted to walk free from this latest piece of villainy," Thor grumbled, glaring at the newspaper in hands. He had been following the United Nations hearings on whether Doom's attempt to cave half of Lower Manhattan into the sea constituted an act of war, and whether international trade embargos should be placed on Latveria, with poorly concealed ire.
Privately, Jan suspected that if it weren't for the Extremis, Tony would probably benefit from a prescription for anti-depressants. That, or therapy. He'd been barely functional during the endless three months when Steve had been dead and Registration and the Initiative had been in full force, though he'd hidden it well. And it hadn't been that long since Rumiko Fujikawa's death. Two dead lovers in as many years would have screwed up even someone who didn't have Tony's history with depression and self-destructive behavior.
He didn't specify what "it" was, and Steve suddenly didn't want to know. The last time he'd heard that tone of voice was in a hotel room six years ago.
He sounded legitimately hurt, though. "It's not so much that they all go wrong," Clint said reassuringly, "as it is that on the rare occasions when they do, the results always try to kill us."
The perspective on the wings was wrong, among other things, and he'd asked Tony not to hang it in Stark Tower's lobby, telling him that he could draw something better, something that wouldn't make him cringe every time he walked in and saw it hanging over the reception desk in all its slightly lop-sided glory. Tony had insisted that he liked it, and put it up anyway.
Who wished an entire group of people into extinction? How could you ever trust someone whose mind had harbored such a wish?
"You already knew what had happened." It was not a denial, nor did it even sound indignant or defensive. Merely tired, as if Thor and his right to know the full details of what had been done with his blood and bone were not worth the energy it took to summon any particular emotion.
Sam had his own eyes in the sky, and Hank had a tiny army crawling all over the outside of the building, but computers, birds, and ants weren't people. They missed things, sometimes dangerous, important things.
"Not after last month," Jan countered. "We all know there are no guarantees in this business. If Chthon truly is on the verge of breaking free, arguing about whether or not we can trust Wanda's information is a waste of time. Strange has already vouched for her, and if we can't trust his word, then we might as well throw our hands up and give up now."
"It just..." Matt shook his head. The dull red leather of his mask obscured most of his face, but his body language conveyed unease – he was crouched low on the edge of the ledge, not bothering to look up at Strange as he spoke. Matt generally made an effort to face people when he spoke to them. "It feels wrong, somehow. Different. And I've been having these dreams. That there's something in there. Something that wants to get out."
"Do you want tips on the best way to flutter your eyelashes?" Pepper asked him now, voice completely deadpan. "You know, for next time."
In fact, Wanda realized slowly, as she wandered out of the bakery and into the narrow, cobblestone street, she had no idea who any of the people here were, people who kept smiling and nodding at her as if they knew her. She didn't even know where here was, though the old-world look of the town, with its wood and plaster buildings and gable windows suggested Europe.
They were standing only inches apart, in what probably would have looked like a romantic pose to anyone who walked into the room — he could smell the oil staining Tony's clothes, overpowering the faint metallic scent that he always seemed to carry around with him these days. Normally, being this close to a disheveled, grease-stained Tony would have made it hard to think about anything but sex, but right now, all he could feel was relief. And irritation. Relief that Tony wasn't seriously ill, despite his momentary fears, a tight irritation at Tony for refusing to listen to everything Steve had been saying about the Extremis all along, and an irrational desire to shake Tony and snarl at him for making him worry with all this drama.
"Let's focus, people," Tony said, trying to keep the annoyance out of his voice. "This isn't a total disaster. It's not a disaster at all unless we let it be one."
, watched her team shatter. If it wasn't Wanda's fault, it was all of their faults, for letting her be taken and used.
"That's not the point." Jan pointed her ice cream spoon at Carol again. "The point is that you feel guilty because she needed help and you didn't notice in time to stop it, or couldn't stop it. And the fact that she did terrible things makes it even more complicated, because you did have a legitimate reason to be angry, and where's the line between understanding and forgiving and condoning?" She'd asked herself that dozens of times, every time she had to justify to someone else why she'd chosen to go back to Hank. 'Because I love him,' wasn't enough, not after everything that had happened between them. "And you keep asking yourself if you could have prevented those things by noticing or helping sooner, if you made it worse. And sometimes it's easier to get angry than admit that there's nothing you can do to go back and fix things."
Last night it had been Wanda and Pietro, their bullet-riddled bodies thrown into a trench by German soldiers and left to lie there. The night before, it had been Clint and Scott, killed by an exploding grenade. And Bucky, of course, again and again.
There were things he ought to be doing, Steve knew.  He still hadn’t been formally debriefed, he needed to find out Hank’s status, not to mention Peter’s and Luke’s, and the city was undoubtedly in an uproar right now.
"Ignore me." Rhodey waved a hand dismissively. "I don't actually hate it. I think it's important. I'm just frustrated that nobody else seems to."
Several hours later, when he'd finally joined Tony in his hiding place in the lab after one too many phone calls from people who wanted to express either shock or sympathy, he still had no idea what he was going to say. The truth, he supposed. That he loved Tony. It had taken months before he'd been able to work up the nerve to tell Tony himself that. Telling the entire world ought to be even more intimidating, but oddly, it was the one aspect of this that he wasn't dreading.
Tony wasn't in the mansion tonight, though - he was at a party of some kind with Jan and James Rhodes - so the library should have been empty for Steve to browse for a book to his heart's content without fear of having to make awkward conversation with... anyone.
Sam was staring down at the book in his hands, frowning. "What does Sin think is in this book that's worth losing this many of her followers? Since when are ancient chaos demons and Renaissance alchemists her kind of tactics?"
Tony wrapped himself around Steve in a modified version of a submission hold - had his left arm been a few inches higher, he would have had Steve in a choke hold - and pressed open-mouthed kisses against the junction of his neck and shoulder, sucking just hard enough to make Steve writhe, but not hard enough that it would leave a mark.
That was a very good point, and one that Steve had been kicking himself over for the past week. "In what way does that make it not my fault?"
Not just the aftermath of trauma, Don realized.  It had been long enough since their escape that the medication that had almost killed him would be nearly out of Hank’s system by now.  A good thing, from a medical perspective – the doctors would want to do more bloodwork on him, let all remnants of the lithium and other medications completely leave his body and make certain his liver was up to the task before prescribing any more.  Probably not such a good thing from where Hank was sitting, though. “You’re probably starting to go through withdrawal.”
Too much blood.   Even when he pulled the shirt aside, he couldn’t tell how deep the stab wound in Tony’s left side was – the blood obscured everything, welling up again instantly every time he tried to wipe it away.  He caught a flash of white the second time and his stomach lurched as he recognized bone.
"I'm not saying you would," Rhodey went on, "but Tony's got a pretty lousy track record where women are concerned. He lets half the women he sleeps with walk all over him, and I don't you think you being a guy is gonna make any difference there."
"I should have," Wanda admitted, feeling a pang of guilt. She had drifted away from her old teacher recently, had... wait, no, there was dark magic in the room. Why was she letting herself get distracted?
Clint leaned against the wall, pressing one hand to the puncture wound on his leg. It wasn't really bleeding anymore, but it hurt, and as soon s people started poking at it, it was going to hurt more. Cap and the Falcon had told him to come down here, Clint reasoned. They hadn't actually told him to go over to the nurse's station and fill out paperwork. So he wasn't actually ignoring Cap's orders by just standing here. Plus, once he actually got someone to look at him, he would have to explain to people exactly how he'd been injured -- "You see, doc, first she stabbed me in the arm with a fork, and then she grabbed one of my own arrows and stabbed me in the leg" -- and having to admit to that was just all kinds of lame.
Wanda was levitating a foot off the ground, glowing with a light so bright that it cast sharp, black shadows.  They stretched out behind Sin, long and distorted and wrong, darker and thicker than they should be.
"Hey." Steve leaned forward, putting a hand to the back of his neck to protect it from Patton's sudden and violent affection. The cat flicked one ear back, and glared at him with baleful blue eyes.
Steve folded his jeans in half and laid them over the back of the chair, on top of the shirt, then sat down on his own side of the bed, stretching his arms over his head; his shoulders ached from wearing his shield for too long, and that half-hour of sleep he'd snatched in Tony's hospital room last night hadn't been nearly enough.
"You try losing key body parts and see if it puts you in a good mood," Tony muttered. "And I wasn't exactly a nice guy before."
or against SHIELD. "What were you doing, Tony? What did you think you were- Why were you even fighting him in the first place?" He knew why - to get his precious technology back, technology that was apparently worth more to Tony than friendships, the law, or people's safety and lives - but he wanted to hear Tony say it, wanted to hear him either admit that it was wrong or offer some kind of explanation that would make it all make sense.
Steve reached down and grabbed the ends Tony's unfastened tie – he hadn't bothered to change after coming home from Stark Enterprises – and tugged upwards, as if it were a leash.
Strange hesitated, looking almost embarrassed. It was not an emotion she normally associated with the Sorcerer Supreme. "Your teammates called me in to help them when your magic went out of control." His voice was hoarse, the wear of hours' worth of spell casting obvious despite the calm, unruffled air he projected. He'd put at least four spoonfuls of sugar into the tea he was drinking; Wanda had always assumed that her own shaky hunger after major spells and hexes was an effect of having an energy mutation, but it apparently affected him the same way. "I assumed you had accessed a higher level of your powers, or developed a secondary mutation, and that the new, reality-altering nature of your powers had driven you mad. Omega-level mutants are almost invariably unstable, and many magicians lose their grip on this reality after too long spent on other planes of existence."
"I thought you'd gotten tired of playing airline pilot for my cousin," Morgan drawled, smiling cheerfully at Rhodey. His tuxedo was just a fraction too tight, and his cufflinks were large, flashy, and almost certainly Austrian crystal or even cubic zirconium rather than the diamond he clearly wanted people to think they were.
Thor was not the only one who needed to suck it up and deal with things. Jan executed a fast turn, hovering just in front of where Carol's face was going to be in about thirty-seconds. "She was possessed, Carol," she said flatly. "She had no choice about any of what she did. How is it different from when Vision was controlled by the Ultron protocols, or when Tony and I were poisoned by AIM? I could have hurt someone then. Tony could have killed someone — if Steve hadn't been able to talk him down out of the armor, he would have." She jabbed a finger at Carol, the motion making her dip slightly in the air. "Her brother is God knows where, her father tried to use her to destroy the world, and her husband is dead. Leave her alone."
Wanda raised her eyebrows. "Considering the results we got the last time you tried to synch my powers with a computer system, I think it might be better to leave it alone."
The woman struggled and clawed at him, preternaturally strong, but unskilled and completely out of control, and for a moment, he was back in the dining room of the Meridian, trying to prevent desperate, fear-crazed people from killing one another and unable to use his armor at more than a fraction of its capacity. The tiniest misjudgment could kill someone, break their neck, burn holes through them, and then the sticky-sugar smell his helmet was sealing out would be replaced by scorched meat.
"Who hasn't?" Tony muttered. Half the agents he'd passed in the hallways had cast sidelong glances at him, and he was fairly sure that only some of them had been staring at him because he'd once been their commanding officer. Being the man who was either fucking or getting fucked by Captain America was
Frankly, they could all probably use a few visits to a therapist, but years of keeping secret identities secret were a hard habit to break. She'd actually had to argue Hank out of just getting a recommendation for medication out of Leonard Samson and then synthesizing his own; during the height of the fight over Registration, before she'd walked away because she couldn't take Bill's death and the fighting and the 1984 levels of creepiness anymore, the government had kept a very close eye on anything that smacked of instability in superhumans. If he'd gone to an Initiative doctor, Hank might have ended up sitting in a cell in his and Tony's own prison.
He felt stiff and strange in it, not uncomfortable, but oddly on display in a way he wasn't while in costume.
Then she walked away, cape rippling behind her, leaving the two of them alone. "What's wrong?" Steve asked, the pit of his stomach suddenly hollow.
"The Hank, Tony, and Thor situation will be resolved," she said. "I was trying not to get involved because I couldn't be impartial, but that was when I thought they were going to work it out themselves." Clearly, that assumption had been overly optimistic. Thor wasn't likely to listen to her — she'd been on the pro-registration side, after all — but Hank would.
He'd thought Tony had thrown that out along with the rest of the drawings and paintings that had once decorated Stark Tower, when he'd tried to erase Steve's presence in his life during the registration fight by erasing all evidence of him from his living quarters. Why had he kept these two when all the others had been disposed of?
It didn't work that way for most people, though. It was important for most people that their partner have the right equipment, whether it be the male or the female kind.
"She's one of Stephen's students," Wong said; he didn't look at the woman while he spoke, his gaze clearly on the camp bed where Strange lay, an IV line in one elbow and bandages wrapped around his torso and both his hands. "She's staying with us at the moment." He turned his head slightly, his attention refocusing on the Night Nurse, and added, "You didn't give me much information over the phone. What happened?"
"That would be great!" Clint said, in a relieved tone that implied that this had been exactly the result he'd been hoping for. "I'll go tell everyone. They can be on a quinjet by this afternoon. Or, well, seeing as it's nighttime there, they can be on a quinjet tomorrow morning!" and he hung up the phone, cutting off Steve's strangled,
"I'll miss you, too." Tony's eyes were still closed, but he could hear the smile in Steve's voice. Steve leaned in and kissed him briefly, then pulled back, adding, "When you get back, we'll do this again, and I'll expect an actual challenge."
"You could have ducked," Jan said, sounding more amused than sympathetic. "The two of you looked like the three stooges. And
"Steve left me a message?" The disproportionate swell of pleasure he felt at the idea was silly, he knew, but even having Steve's friendship back was still enough to make him want to grin uncontrollably, and now... Tony had thought their friendship had been destroyed for good, had never expected Steve to so much as exchange the time of day with him again, let alone forgive him or understand why he had done the things he had, and while he was pretty sure that Steve still didn't understand, he was going to assume that the sex meant that he was forgiven.
Then there was a bright flare of light in front of Sin's face, and she shrieked in rage, firing her gun wildly into the air, where Jan had been a moment ago.
"Well, we know she probably won't destroy the world with it," Tony pointed out, his voice sharper than he'd meant it to be.
Hank dodged backwards as the Doombot in front of him made one last, clumsy attempt to grab him, and went sprawling as his foot collided with something that rolled.  He lay there for a second, all the air knocked out of him, and tried to force his lungs to work and his body to move.
