"Yeah," Barton agreed, hunching over his coffee and seemingly inhaling the vapors, "and no one can seem to figure out which one or where. Or if any of them are working together—"
, not the other way around. He had just been caught up in the moment. Not to say he hadn't been caught up in
Steve just grinned and said, "You'll see," then said to the rest of the table, "We'll be right back."
(Rhodey had been the one to squeal once he'd found that Tony had gone all moon-eyed over some art student junior that was taller, stronger, and older than he was, and Rhodey had, under no uncertain terms, threatened to make Steve's life very, very painful if he were to, in any way, hurt Tony.)
Tony just nodded his head toward the elevator, and Steve nodded his understanding before he passed the baby off to Tony and got to his feet, and he followed Tony over, feeling a presence behind him. He turned to see the other four all creeping along behind them, and at his questioning look, Natasha simply said, "We want to see what it's about, too."
He plastered a tight smile over his face, and Steve reached out and took gentle hold of his chin, tilting his head up just the slightest.
"Jesus, Stark, why don't you marry him already?" he mused aloud with a small laugh and wiped at the stupid fucking tears that were collecting in his eyes again. Jesus Christ, talk about an emotional fucking roller coaster.
"Although it's giving me some ideas," Steve murmured, and Tony shot him a look just as Steve glanced over to him rather sheepishly. "I mean," he added, "if you wanna." Tony hummed in thought and said, "You really like dominating me, don't you?"
And he was totally imagining the little pang of hurt that hit him square in the arc reactor as he told himself that. No, not about the culinary skills. About the alternate universe.
Steve sat down in the chair adjacent to Tony, and he grabbed what was left of the eggs and the last two slices of bacon.
She hummed a little, putting a finger to her chin as though she was assessing his concern before she said, "At most, I will say it would not surprise me. Your bond is quite strong and
He squeaked and jumped as Steve tickled his side, and when he glanced back at Steve for explanation, all he got in return was a raised eyebrow and a
But Steve, shoulders heavy with anguish, just gave Tony the most pleading look he'd ever seen. "Tony,
"Good night last night?" Natasha asked, her hands clasped around a mug of hot coffee. Tony turned to her and, though noting that her face betrayed sly knowing, he still abandoned his quest for food, went over, and hugged her tight.
"You're not going to die," Natasha said, automatically, like she hadn't even considered the context of his sentence.
She pointed to his left ring finger. "Your ring. You and Daddy gots matching rings! You always wear that!"
Now Tony was grumbling about the gift Olivia had gotten from the one he kept calling 'Barton,' calling him names and threatening to make him sleep in the vents and lamenting that someone called 'Laura' should have known better.
"The Tesseract," Steve muttered and shook his head. The reason his entire goddamned world had been upended was because of that goddamned Tesseract.
"This is my mark. This says you belong to me, that you're mine, that no one else can have you, can touch you this way. Everyone knows it. Everyone sees it. Everyone knows that you're mine and this is mine and you belong to me. That you've been spoken for. That I've done this to you."
The car arrived at the floor, announcing its arrival with a 'ding.' The doors slid open, and as they did, someone said a quiet, "
The man — Wilson — laughed and clapped a hand against his back and said, "Some crazy-ass family," then pulled away and turned to Steve. He pulled him in for a one-armed hug — presumably because Steve had Olivia in his arms, so it was hard to do the full-hug as he had with Tony — and Steve made some unsure utterance and put a hesitant arm around him, and Wilson frowned at him a moment and looked at Tony.
He checked his makeup because that was something he did now, checked his mirror to make sure there was no traffic coming, and then popped open his door and stepped out onto the street.
Tony laughed as he blinked away the last of the tears. "You know, Barnes? I think this may be the beginning of a beautiful friendship."
"Anyway," he said, clearing that memory from his mind, "the point is, we were never going to keep this secret forever. We were always going to have to come out with it."
He opened his eyes and glanced over the scant items cluttered over the sink. There were two toothbrushes in a ceramic holder, one a translucent red and one a translucent blue. It was either muscle memory or instinct that had him reaching for the blue one, and he opened the mirror above the sink and pulled out the tooth paste — or he thought it was toothpaste. He had to stop and read the label first. 'Total.' 'Advanced.' 'Whitening.' 'Fluoride.' Sure didn't look like anything he knew Colgate had on the market. He unscrewed the cap and squirted some onto the brush then put the tube back and went about the process of brushing his teeth, expecting the usual wretched taste but actually finding the minty flavor a pleasant surprise. Again, didn't taste like anything he knew Colgate had on the market.
," but he still turned in the direction of the voice and saw that same put-together young woman from inside the café.
Maria had been cordial to him, but it was the family's butler…or cook…or valet… handyman?...pretty much the one that took care of them, Edwin Jarvis, that had been not only polite to him but
"Yeah," Tony said but didn't elaborate, instead saying, "not that I really want to part with her, well,
Tony jumped up. "Whoa! Whoa! It's not his fault!" he cried and stood between Steve and Rhodey. "Look, there were two of us in that room, we both jointly decided it was something we wanted to try. We tried it. A lot. And, you know—" He motioned down at himself like it explained everything.
The only problem with living in the Tower was that he saw Tony on a regular basis, and it was difficult seeing someone he so desperately wanted and couldn't have. At the very beginning, it was because Tony had just gotten out of a relationship with Pepper Potts, a move that he knew had devastated Tony because he knew how much Tony genuinely loved Pepper no matter how they both agreed they were better off as friends. After, it was because, well, he just wasn't Tony's type. He'd been slowly coming to terms with that ('slowly' being the operative word here), and he never at any time let himself hope that maybe,
Steve shrugged some, pulling his hands back and leaving the photo out in the open. "Feeling it move around inside you kinda makes it real, too."
"Ten minutes," Tony repeated and watched as Bruce hesitated, fidgeted, then turned and made his way out the door.
Steve took hold of the clipboard only because Tony had blocked his view of the magazine with it, and he paged through a couple sheets and said in a quiet voice, "I think
Steve and Barnes didn't return until dusk, and wherever they'd gone and whatever they'd done, it had seemed to put Barnes in a better mood. He was at least smiling with Steve when they crossed back over the threshold that evening, and Tony, who had busied himself playing on his phone the entire time Steve had been gone, just looked up and gave them a cursory nod of acknowledgement.
"Or he's fucking programmed to wait until he knows you have him in his confidence again. Maybe it's a psychological thing. Hydra doesn't just want you to suffer, Steve, they want to crush you as they do it. What better way than to make you die by the hand of the person you trust most in the world?"
He got nothing but tired groans and shaking heads in return, and he shared a look with Steve, who shrugged like he didn't know what to say, either.
Steve, still sitting back in his chair, reached out a hand and pressed his index finger to Tony's lips, holding his jaw with his thumb and the rest of his fingers. Once Tony had gone sufficiently quiet for a second, he schooled his face into its sternest and most serious pose and said, "You look fine."
But that wasn't enough for Steve, and he went sad-eyed and said, "Tony, I'm sorry. You know I never meant to—"
He wasn't thinking about it only because of what had happened over a week ago. Truth be told, yes, there was a teeny, tiny part of him that had been enamored with the sanctimonious son-of-a- bitch from the start and only wanted the bastard to
Sam… Sam… Sam… Did he know any 'Sam's? Whoever he was, he was starting to like the sounds of this guy.
Steve grabbed his large Coke and took a long, slow sip of it through the straw, and he smacked his lips a little after he'd drunk about a quarter of it in one go and said, "You know, I know plastic's bad for the environment, but honestly, plastic straws are so much easier than what we got back in my day."
Steve got up on his knees and sat back a little, but he reached down and put a hand over Tony's mouth and said, "That's enough out of you." Tony licked his hand, and Steve smiled a little at him and said, "You're going to pay for that."
"Then that's all that matters. Now, come on. You can buy me a coffee, and I can pretend I didn't see you buy one for yourself, too."
After what he assumed had been a good hour of play time on the floor, he glanced up and over to the large floor-to-ceiling windows at the mild, dreary day that lay before them. He got to his feet then reached down and scooped Olivia up from where she lay on her tummy, and she gurgled and babbled something, and Steve said, "Is that so?" and kissed her cheek as he carried her over to the window. He adjusted her in his arms so that she could look out, and he said, "JARVIS, could you play us some Christmas music? No—"
"Well, he's gone now. We don't have to worry about him. We can shop online. JARVIS can have everything sent right to the house. We don't have to set one foot outside."
Ella smiled at the exchange but said, "Unfortunately, no. His brother and his fiancé are having an engagement party tonight, so..."
"I promise," Steve said and rolled his eyes, now sitting on the edge of the cushion with his elbows resting on his knees.
"Give me tonight. Give me one night. If you don't think you can trust me after tonight, then we shake hands, say it's been a blast, and go on our way."
"Uh," he said after a moment, drawing out the word, "well, I guess, I mean I always figured that, if I were ever lucky enough to have a kid—" He forced out a laugh and scratched at his forehead. "Not that I ever really thought I would—"
"Look, you run your little tests. I'm gonna go look for something to eat because, holy shit, I don't know if I'm weak from hunger or blood loss—"
Rhodey shared a look with the rest of the table — save Steve, for some reason — then shook his head and picked up his drink.
"Oh, my god," he muttered. "Look, do you see what I'm doing here?" Steve didn't look over, but Tony still motioned over himself. "I am sitting here nursing
didn't want to travel down, he quickly changed the subject and said, "Is it me or was he douchier than usual tonight?"
Tony hummed again and relaxed further into Steve, only realizing then that Steve was still buried inside of him and was still partially hard.
He smiled back in teary-eyed gratitude at her while Steve reached out and pressed a kiss to his cheek. He
"Ripping out the female reproductive organs that somehow got left behind when I got changed back into a man because some space cadet thought it would be funny to Rule 63 someone on the team and she didn't care who."
"Well, I didn't want to chance it," Tony said and eyed over his bare left hand. "My hands look fat. Are they fat?"
Romanoff and Barton both turned to him, and he felt his face flush a little with embarrassment — evidently
"Not saying anything you don't deserve to hear," Steve said and pulled Tony's hand up to his mouth, pressing a kiss against the knuckles and brushing a thumb against his fingers.
Steve was quiet for a moment before he said, his voice just above a murmur, "I wish you could have been there, too. 'Course, if you looked like yourself, they'd probably arrest us. Two fellas carrying on like that—"
Olivia squealed with delight and hopped off the chair, bounding into the living room ahead of him, and Rhodey reached out and snatched a firm hold of Tony's arm, pulling him back, concern etched over his face.
bit of resentment coming from you that you were just expected to get up and get back to what you were doing without being able to properly mourn what had been taken from you."
He snatched the towels away from Tony, and he made a pathetic attempt at trying to pat himself dry while Tony worked at mopping up the chocolate that had gone on the couch. Tony made a contemplative noise and said, "Never liked this one, anyway. Just throw it out and get a new one."
While the mask didn't completely lift, Steve saw cracks in its façade in the form of a small smile that broadened across Tony's lips and softened his face. He allowed Steve to meet his gaze again, and Steve saw from the dawning awareness on his face that he understood what Steve was getting at. He finally took hold of Steve's hand and shook it.
"How do you even know this is on the level, huh?" he asked, moving his hand to rest over his abdomen. "That this isn't some Hydra plot to lull you into some false sense of security and then when you're at your most vulnerable,
Tony watched Barton chug down the juice, and when he was just about done, he said, "You know no one except Steve drinks that because he backwashes into it, right?"
"It's possible she did," Bruce agreed. "In that case, it's possible to think that you won't have much in the way of pain or labor complications. So, just sit up here and relax. I'll come check on you in a little while to see how you're doing. Uh, incidentally, this may be too much information,
"Thor doesn't really get in on it, but based on things I've heard him say, he's seen you do it. It's usually phrased more elegantly and old-timey than how we describe it."
Tony was staring out the window beside them at the scarce amount of traffic, and Steve cleared his throat and stuck his hand out.
He tucked the box back into the drawer he'd pulled it from then turned his attention to the other ring in his palm. It felt less like
Tony shrugged, but Steve turned his patented Stare of Disapproval on the gallery owner and said, "Yeah,
under Hydra's control, he supposed he had to give the poor bastard the benefit of the doubt. He'd had untold numbers of occasions to murder both him and Steve over the course of the weekend, and so far as Tony knew, he hadn't tried a damned thing. Maybe he just wasn't programmed to go 'off' just yet, but he was pretty sure that wasn't how Hydra worked. Or it wasn't how they'd used the Winter Soldier, anyway. He was a brainwashed assassin with very little autonomy, not a sleeper agent. Or he didn't think he was a sleeper agent. Maybe he was? Maybe he was programmed so that, if he ever fell into SHIELD's or the Avengers' hands, he would wait until he was insulated in their confidence and then—
He stifled a groan and rolled his eyes. "Because I'm a girl, Steve. Remember? I got turned into a woman, one that's inexplicably pregnant with
Tony patted his arm. "Steve, babe, you know I love you, but you give Thor a run for his money in the chowing down on food department, and that's saying something because that guy could actually probably eat a horse and still look for seconds."
to because, well, Tony's parts weren't exactly the same at the moment, and though he understood and knew that Steve found him attractive this way, maybe Steve wouldn't be able to bring himself to dominate female!Tony as easily as he did male!Tony. Because as progressive-minded as Steve was, there was still some of that old-time chivalry left in him, and not that Steve thought that women were all delicate little flowers that needed to be protected from the big, bad world, but Tony feared there was a part of him that would be afraid to push it too far because, well, he could hurt him. Because as much as Tony pissed and moaned and made sure everyone knew he was just as capable with two 'X' chromosomes as he was with one 'X' and one 'Y,' Tony wasn't as physically strong in this form as he was in the other, and this form was just that much slighter. Oh, also the whole thing about being…ugh,
Jane just sighed and rolled her eyes, but Darcy stared at Tony very seriously, head tilted like she actually wanted to
He dropped his hand from his belly and switched the light off again. They had time, he figured as he closed up the door and went back over to his bedroom. Not like the little monster was making his appearance tomorrow.
"Oh," Tony said, more awake than he wanted to be at this time. "You mean at the ass-crack of dawn? Yeah, I don't know if you're aware of this, but I've got the spawn of a super soldier growing inside of me—" he gestured at his abdomen at this, "—and the super soldier spawn seems to have the same gargantuan appetite that the super soldier father has. Honestly, you stick a side of beef in front of me at this very second, I would polish that baby off in twenty minutes tops."
He wasn't sure how long he was at it before he fell asleep, and, of course, he fell asleep bent over the worktable, cheek pressed against the cool metal. And he wasn't even aware that he had fallen asleep until he was awoken the next morning by a chipper four-year-old that remembered that she had been promised waffles.
"Yeah," Sam said as both he and Bucky stared at Jim in part-bemusement and part-horror, "someday I gotta hear those stories."
Tony jumped from the coffee table back to the couch and put tight arms around his shoulders and held him close. "Nope. Not going there. Don't go there. It's a bad place. Nothing's going to happen to us, babe. You can let yourself be happy. You can let yourself relax. You're stuck with me. In this life 'til we're old and gray and forever after that. No one's taking us away from you, and that's that."
just put your legs in the stirrups and let the doctor examine you. I'll be right here the entire time. I promise."
"Doing that sort of thing to me. Controlling me. Dominating me. Don't deny it. I can see the way you're flushing just from the very thought of it. You like the idea of me beneath you, writhing, submissive, a slave to your every whim and desire."
"I don't even know who 'Friday' is, and why are you looking up like that? You know JARVIS isn't actually in the ceiling, right?"
Steve snorted a laugh. "You're fine. All I have to do is run one hand up the inside of your thigh, and you'll be good to go."
"Hmm?" Steve asked, the picture of faux innocence. He pulled Tony into his arms, taking a gentle hold of his hand as he put his other hand where Tony's waist had once been. "Oh, nothing. Just asked a question."
He made to continue on his way — Tony hadn't left him a message, and they'd never made definite plans anyway — but something compelled him not to cross the street and head over to the subway per usual but to instead walk around the corner to at least maybe say a proper 'goodbye' to the one that had gotten away, and though he wanted to say something cool or something smart or witty, the only word that came out of his mouth was, "Hey."
"Ah-ah-ah!" Tony cried. "Nope! No, don't want— Don't need— Keep your crazy little magical mystery tour to yourself. You've already caused enough trouble for one lifetime."
." He shook his head a little and reached up to put a tight but somehow gentle hand to Tony's arm. "I can't lose you, Tony. I can't, and it scares me—"
out there, Steve. There is no one around for miles. What if someone sneaks up on us? What if there's someone hiding out there that gets his kicks hunting down poor, defenseless couples like us? Hacks us to bits and then takes our carcasses back to his shady-ass cabin and makes stew out of our flesh and gelatin out of our bones?"
Tony was still stroking Steve's hair, looking at him almost reverently, when he said, "Hmm?" and then, "Oh, right. Uh…nothing except sitting around in our Captain America and Iron Man pajamas, watching sappy movies, and then going for Chinese. It's been our tradition since our first — well, no,
"Oh, so you're saying I'm not original?" Tony said, but there was no malice to the tone. It was light, teasing, and clearly Tony remembered that moment just as well as Steve did.
…" Steve murmured and hung his head. Tony just continued to sip his drink through his swizzle stick, but he reached over to pat Steve reassuringly on the back. Natasha looked at them in slight amusement, Rhodey shook his head, and Bruce made a face like he'd actually dared to picture that very thing and had horrified himself with the image.
Tony set the container down and watched as Steve pulled out the paper plates and a box of plastic flatware. "What are you doing?" he asked as Steve moved the stuff over to the table.
Tony harrumphed a little but didn't make a move to pull away from Steve's embrace, and Steve tightened his arms around his little family just a bit more. God, he loved them. He loved them so much and he didn't know what he would do if he ever lost them.
"He is," he said as Natasha and Thor followed on. Thor just kept on walking like he hadn't noticed anything while Natasha held back and raised an eyebrow at him. The armor merely stood expectantly and gave the impression of looking around, and she smiled a little and murmured, "Spoiled," and continued further into the 'jet.
Steve didn't even give the impression of trying to fight that insinuation. He just took a deep inhale of breath and pushed further into the bathroom.
"Jeez, shit, sorry!" he said, stumbling and trying to catch himself against the person he'd stumbled into.
Tony huffed and sighed. "Whatever," he muttered because yeah, OK, he did know that she was listening to everything they were saying, and even if she couldn't repeat it, she would understand what they were saying long before she could exchange conversation with them. He still thought it was a little overkill that Steve had instituted the 'Language!' warning the moment she was born (or practically, anyway), but he supposed he could humor his husband over something like this, though knowing Steve, he'd turn this into some sort of tactical maneuver that would haunt him for the rest of his—
on their various and myriad adventures. The King was well-trained in combat, of course, but even a King anointed by God himself could fall in battle. And if the King were to fall in battle without an heir to the throne, Heaven help what would then become of the kingdom.
Hammer's obnoxious voice cut out as Tony turned the TV off, tossing the remote to the foot of the bed where it was far out of reach for him. He turned to Steve, who was looking at his actions in slight confusion and said, "Oh, sorry. Were you listening to that?"
"I don't know if we have—" He finished the rest in a grumble as he went back over to the fridge. He scanned over the contents and found what looked like a bottle of orange juice. He picked it up and showed it to her. "Will this do?"
"Do not in any way imply I have anything to do with that bucket of bolts other than act as his annoyed and disappointed keeper."
"Yeah?" Tony said, suddenly and maybe irrationally annoyed with him. "Well, that's no excuse for trying to push it to its limits. What the hell were you thinking, Steve?" He looked up at Natasha and Bruce. "How far gone was he, really?"
Bucky just hedged a little and said, "Yeah, I'm pretty sure Thor's got something like four stomachs. I mean, I thought Steve could pack that shit away — you know, after they juiced him up — and then I met Thor."
Oh, and that included DUM-E over at the workstation table, not-so-surreptitiously trying to watch the goings-on in the other part of the room as he played with his paper ball. Yeah, just some things you didn't even need your 'bot knowing about.
"The hell's a 'Scooby-Doo'?" Barnes asked, and Steve looked at him and shrugged like he didn't know what they were talking about, either.
"You know, this is nice for a change," he murmured and bowed his head some to kiss the top of Steve's head. "Usually you're the one holding me. I like being the holder for a change."
don't be the spawn of Satan." A year ago, he would have laughed at the very idea of Satan himself actually existing. Now, he didn't know
Tony eyed him warily. "You're just saying that to fuck with me," he decided. "I think you'd be even pissier about that than I would."
Sometimes, Steve, that overgrown sap, was the perfect embodiment of 'You can take the boy out of the '40s…'
The others voiced their agreement, even Thor getting in on the action, though Tony suspected he was saying it just to fit in with the others, and Natasha motioned to Wilson and Barnes and said, "Surprisingly enough, as it turns out, they make a pretty good tag-team."
"Yeah, and risk the Hulk joining in on the festivities — not the mention giving Bruce a front-row view to, uh…" Steve just raised an eyebrow, and Tony raised one to match and said, "You know, you could do it."
He didn't know why, but what he did know was that if he continued to think about it, he'd want to do it again.
He just shrugged like the idiot had nothing to say for himself, but it was Natasha that said in a cool and breezy tone, "You're a spy. You're trained to be aware of every kind of situation."
"Been a while since I've done this," Steve said, and Tony heard the click of a bottle top. "But I've read it's good for women, too, so—"
"Uh, yeah, I guess. Something like that," he said and rocked the chair a bit more. "Look, he just got a little confused. I'm sure he would have snapped out of it—"
," she said, stressing the word like she was displeased with him interrupting her, "it's kind of convenient that only Iron Man's been seen since January, and not one of the Avengers has come out and said clearly and definitively just
"Why?" he asked, that same half-amused, half-'you're an idiot' tone to his voice. "Because you gave birth to her?"
"Yeah, that twenty-four-hour cycle of fundamentalist assholes preaching for you to repent your ungodly ways while I burned in hell is kind of burned into my memory."
sit here and cry my eyes out about it. I cried at a goddamned Kay Jewelers commercial the other day, for god's sake!"
"Stop," Tony said and stilled running his fingers to gently slap Steve on the side of the head. "Don't even go there. Don't ever say you don't deserve this. You deserve it. Trust me."
"You're really not, you know," he replied in the same matter-of-fact tone. "And don't forget: soul mates. The crazy space lady said so."
Until cold, brutal awareness had slapped him so hard in the face he'd almost gotten whiplash. Whatever he'd dreamt had not been his future, and whoever that Tony Stark was that had wormed his way into his heart in just under a day was
"I'm hungry, Steve," he replied and scowled when he couldn't quite break off the bite he wanted with just his fork. He picked up Steve's knife and began to cut himself a portion.
"Believe me," Tony said and went back over to the table, folding his arms and resting them atop the back of the chair he'd been sitting in, "if I cut your funding, you would know."
"Are you kidding me?" Barnes asked and sat himself down on the coffee table, facing Tony. He glanced beside him at the broken TV remote, and he pointed at it and said, "Steve did that, I take it?"
me here! I know I don't look like I'm twenty-five, but I don't think I look like I'm forty-three, either."
Tony slipped his glasses over his eyes and said, "None of your business, but if you must know…" He grinned. "It's a surprise for Steve."
"Yeah," Tony said and adjusted the baby's weight in his arms, "he's going to be pissed at you guys. You know that, right? And you know who's going to hear about it?"
He didn't know how long he sat there crying. Longer than he'd ever admit to himself, probably, but once he'd been able to wrestle control of his emotions again, he snuffled and wiped away the last vestiges of discomfort and said, "OK, J, where were we?"
But Steve shrugged. "You're in your forties; I'm ninety-seven. We couldn't have just met, what, four years ago, could we?"
He considered this a moment — it really didn't sound all that far-fetched to him — then said, "What would your Steve say to that?"
Tony's hand stilled just before the container of orange juice. He was actually kind of craving it, but he didn't know when it was purchased, and there was every reason to believe his darling husband had already backwashed into it, the freak.
He wasn't sure how long he was there before the door opened and a little girl in a too-big t-shirt toddled on through, and he looked up from where he sat working on specs for the Mark XVI and watched as she padded over, yawning and clutching a pillow.
"Are you sure?" he asked as Tony pushed him out of the lab, and the door closed behind him. "You seemed kind of busy, and Bruce said he'd be back—"
Steve picked up the one that was supposed to be him — or Captain America, anyway — posed with the shield in-hand. "But it's not even Christmas-themed."
Olivia — and already, he loved her more than he thought it was possible to love anyone. Maybe this Olivia wouldn't only eat the cheese off her pizza; maybe this Olivia wouldn't even like waffles; maybe this Olivia wouldn't rather draw with her daddy's colored pencils than play games on a tablet. Six hours ago, that might have mattered to him, but not now. Not now. Because even if this wasn't
Steve turned to give her another murderous glare, but Tony reached a hand out to him and said, "Hey! Ignore her. Look at me."
Tony frowned and looked at it. "What? I followed the directions on the box. I'm not completely helpless in the kitchen, and according to my daughter, I'm a pretty good cook. The extent of the Cap's abilities seem to be boiling water."
, but it's how I feel. I feel like…like I'm some goddamned fertility goddess like this. I mean, I have created a brand-new human life that's growing inside of me."
of all people — into what was supposed to be their safe house during their weekend getaway, but he knew it would fall on deaf ears. That, or Steve would give him that sad-eyed look that Tony fell for every time, and Tony would give in, anyway.
"Not gonna be slaying any dragons along the way," Tony said as the doors closed. "Really don't see the need for the ridiculously large hammer there."
"What?" Steve asked with a gentle laugh, and Olivia turned her head against his chest and made a noise like she was about to fuss but thankfully stayed quiet and sleeping otherwise.
"Yeah? Well, clearly she's not happy with me — if she even recognizes me, which, let's face it, she doesn't because I haven't looked or sounded like this since long before she was born."
"Yeah, I want something as appealing to the palate as that, I'll eat the cardboard box it comes in. Probably do less damage to my teeth, too."
He rubbed his hand against the swell, a soothing up-and-down motion that was almost instinctual. Goddamn, it was still just so…
The hell he couldn't pretend. He was doing a bang-up job of it so far, and why the fuck should he have to mourn it? He'd only had it for two days, yeah, but it wasn't like he was something he actually wanted
"OK, well, I don't think they'll accuse you of murdering me. They'll just say I fell off the wagon and had to go to one of those treatment facilities, and as they say, while the cat is away, the mouse will play. 'Course, even though you're the cheating son-of-a-bitch, everyone will take your side of it because Tony Stark is an asshole that deserves to have his morally upright boyfriend cheat on him with a gorgeous dark-eyed mystery brunette."
Steve slid on his track pants then grabbed his sneakers and sat down on the bed to lace them up. "I take it the mandatory shirtlessness is just for me?"
The words didn't even faze Natasha, but Bruce frowned, his mouth puckering some like he was confused and trying to think of exactly the wording he wanted to use before he said, "Uh, he had to help you go to the bathroom?"
"What?" Barnes asked, faux innocence abounding as he set the empty milk container back on the table. "I got thirsty. There wasn't that much left."
He reached in with his left hand, the soft amber lights of the garage catching on the diamonds and sapphires on his ring finger. He paused to look at it a moment, and he half-considered ripping it off and chucking it across the garage, but he figured he'd probably regret it in the morning, and so he left it be and just grabbed his bag and set it on the ground to slam the trunk shut.
"I think it's pretty," he said, tightening his arms and holding him close. "And besides, 'Tony' still works for it. Or would that be 'Toni' with an 'I'?"
"No wonder it seemed so fucking rehearsed," he muttered then said, "Yeah huh, so, you clearly knew about all of this and, instead of informing me of it, you thought it would be a good idea to go along with it?"
"Oh, I'm sorry," he said, looking around the room but pointedly not looking in Steve's direction. "Is someone talking? I could have sworn I heard a voice, but evidently, I was wrong." He turned back to Thor. "You. He-Man." He made a grabby hand at him. "Token of your affection for me."
to be on a team with you and the rest of the rejects from the Island of Misfit Toys? Look this whole 'Avengers’ thing wasn’t really my choice—”
He sighed and left the lab, and he took the elevator up to the penthouse and took a deep breath to steel himself for whatever stupidity his friends had gotten themselves into this time. Probably Natasha had Wilson in a headlock and wouldn't let go or Thor had put his hammer on Barton's chest and was refusing to take it off. That second was
With Tony naked and sweaty beneath him, neck bared, back arched, writhing and moaning and begging to be allowed to come already.
Steve, the bastard, just leaned down and made like he was going to kiss him but instead licked the jelly away from his mouth.
came back in his life. Now, he can take care of his little pal that evidently can't take care of himself. Oh, wait! Yes, he can, and clearly has been for quite some time.
Tony watched after them, staring, confused, and after the elevator door had closed behind the last one, he turned to Steve and said, "What the hell was that?"
Bruce shot him a look of some kind. He wasn't sure what it was supposed to mean. Cap could probably have translated it for him. Cap seemed to have some innate ability to read people's minds and intentions, and he was good about explaining them for Tony. It was probably the one good thing about him — that as much of an ass as he was, Tony could read him in ways he couldn't read anyone else, not Rhodey, and not even Pepper. And he'd only known the guy a month.
But Bruce wasn't convinced, and as Tony slumped back into the couch and tried to find a comfortable position to stop the twinging in his back, Bruce rubbed his eyes beneath his glasses and said, "Tony, I don't think you should have drugs."
He rolled his eyes and picked up half of the sliced sandwich and bit into it, moaning as the flavors hit his taste receptors. God, what a fucking good sandwich! Maybe not the best he'd ever had, but certainly top five if not top three. Maybe he was just that hungry — sort of in the way those first burgers he'd eaten after returning from Afghanistan had been the most delectable things he'd ever eaten — but damn, if he wasn't already married, he'd seriously consider marrying this sandwich. At least the sandwich wouldn't rather spend time with the other rolls it had been baked with.
"Mmm… Wouldn't it? So you can lay me back and take my clothes off, and I can spread my legs and reach down and rub my—"
"You do not have to join me in Asgard if you do not wish. I merely offer it as a suggestion, for I know how much you value the trust and friendship the Avengers have found in one another. I consider you my brother-in-arms and hope that you feel the same."
"Thought you were shy about talking about that sort of stuff with us," Natasha said, and Tony rolled his eyes.
"Hmm?" Bruce said and continued to examine his watch. "Oh, just checking to see how long you've been going on about Cap for. For someone you claim to dislike so much, you talk about him an awful lot."
Steve nodded at this, and he was quiet a moment before he said, "Well, then we just make sure that doesn't happen."
Somewhere during his rounds, Tony and the others had left, which he was happily informed of when he got back to the desk, and his heart sank a little when he realized Tony had left without finalizing anything with him, his query to Sam of whether or not Tony had left any messages for him answered with a shrug and a, "Sorry, man."
He swallowed, his stomach doing a flip just as his heart sank down into it, and he put on his most placating and friendly face as he said, "Don't worry about it. It was a joke, right?"
"Fucking amazing," Tony finally said once the song began to fade out and was replaced by another one.
"Whatever," he muttered with a roll of his eyes and pushed the entire thought process to the back of his mind. Nothing worth worrying about now. Now, his only main concern was getting Steve to do that thing that he did with his tongue that made Tony's toes curl and his eyes roll back in his head. Good god, that man really needed to teach a class on cunnilingus.
"Steve likes brunettes that don't take any of his shit. He likes brown eyes — he's always liked brown eyes. Thinks they're mysterious and soulful or something corny like that. That Peg Carter was just — I thought he'd struck gold with her. Goddamn, she was a good-looking woman. But smart and didn't take any of his shit. He was gone for her. Fuck, he was— I mean, I'm not trying to make you feel bad here. I'm just tryin'a say you are
a woman — and a pregnant woman at that. I actually… I've even gotten to wondering if there's ways of me being able to go back and forth when this is all said and done because while there's a
Steve had actually been the only one Bruce had originally invited to the event, figuring, of the two of them, Steve was the artist and would be the one more inclined to appreciate the work than Tony ever could.
He rested his hand on Steve's abdomen and then began to rub it, feeling the hard lines and the tight, firm muscle beneath, and he began to imagine what he knew was underneath the very tight shirt Steve was wearing, and then—
He turned the black rectangle to face Steve, and Steve saw what looked to be a color photograph of a wall littered with arrows embedded into it. Steve just nodded, not really sure what to make of it.
, Tony. That's the problem. I know she's not a project, and I know on some level you know that, too, but you…tend to treat things
" he shrieked, his voice hitting that high, pitchy screech he hated. "He goddamned did, Steve, and if you can't see that—"
" then grabbed some toilet paper to clean himself off with, dropped the used evidence in the toilet, and flushed it down before he stuffed his cock back into his pants and zipped up.
Still, like so many other things in the past several months, that choice had been taken away from him, too — the choice whether or not to go back to the way he'd been — even if he was pretty sure Thor knew
A frown now covered Thor's once-good-humored features, and he said, "My brother is not completely innocent of his crimes — was not completely innocent — of course, and I accept full blame for my part in his turn to darkness."
Tony looked up at him again and folded his arms. "First of all, you asking who I am—" He made a weird, almost contemplative grimace. "Kinda smarts a lot more than I thought it would."
But Barnes just sat there and scowled at him. "Look, all I know is what he was like during the war, and during the war, he only saw him as one of his projects that had actually gone
He carried her downstairs and passed through the quiet and dim living room area on his way to the kitchen. "JARVIS, could you put the tree lights on, please?" he asked, glancing up to the ceiling only briefly as he issued his command.
-assassin," Barton said at Natasha's raised eyebrow. "Cap's misguided attempt to get them to like each other. I don't expect there to be any pizza by the time they get back. One of them will probably throw it in the river and blame the other one for it. Or one of them will stomp on it. Or one of them will try to eat all of it before— Really, anything could happen to it."
But, if Tony was truly on the level here, all of those worries were from a long, long time ago. Bucky was dead, and Tony was right. No amount of overblown or overdramatic mourning was going to bring him back. Bucky would want him to go on living his life, he'd want him to be happy, and maybe that was the best way to honor his friend's memory: to finally
“Oh,” Steve said and drew back some. He grabbed hold of Stark’s jeans and yanked them down to his thighs, revealing the ethereal blue-green sheen of the silk and lace panties Stark had chosen to wear that day.
David Welch? The one that got a stick up his ass somewhere around 1983 and hasn't been able to get it out since?
"The life of every party," he muttered to Sam, who snorted a laugh then said, "Come on, man, that's not nice to say with him in the room."
"Thanks," Tony murmured, and Steve let go of his face and pulled him into an embrace, wrapping his arms around Tony tight and possessive, brushing his lips over the crown of Tony's head as Tony pressed his face into Steve's neck. He wrapped tight arms around Steve's narrow waist, and Steve gave him a squeeze then said, "Isn't it time for your afternoon nap? Why don't you go take a nap?"
The others didn't stay away for long, making their long-awaited appearance in what ended up turning into what amounted to a post-birth baby shower, even if most of the big-ticket gifts had already made their way into the penthouse. But everyone that gathered there, including the team as well as Pepper and Happy, brought along a little something for either the baby or for Tony or for both, and Tony found the tears streamed just a little too easily in his gratitude for their gestures.
"Oh! Well, you don't hear that too often nowadays!" she said with a laugh before the light changed and she was on her way.
"Don't mention it," Tony said and continued to let the song play. "Last thing I need you wondering is if you fell into an alternate universe."
Tony shrugged and took hold of her again, cradling her against his chest and watching as she almost instinctively went for his nipple. She latched on without an issue, and Tony startled a moment at the weird sensation of a tiny, gummy mouth suckling at a sensitive part of his anatomy. He couldn't tell if she was actually feeding or was just soothing herself. Either case, she wasn't complaining, and to be honest, neither was Tony. It didn't hurt. It was just…weird.
"How do you know?" Bruce asked, and Tony scoffed at him, but he didn't lessen the hold on the kid any. It was…kind of comforting, actually. It actually felt kind of
"Remember? At the board meeting. You said you thought you had some bad sushi or something. And then the next day you were still sick, and I—"
" he yelled at it then yanked the fridge door open. "What concerns, J? What are we talking about? What's going on that I don't know?"
Steve sat up some and set the tablet on the coffee table. "All right," he said, the tone pure authoritative Captain America, "then how do we handle this? It's not safe, we've established that, but it's not easy to remedy, either."
proxy marriages aren't allowed in New York." He glanced up again. "Great, so the kid's going to be born a bastard."
He slammed his way in, found to his ever-lasting relief that it was empty, and leaned back against the door, exhaling a breath that maybe sounded like a bit of a moan.
It was one of those typical jobs with the vinyl seats and the ceramic tabletops that always felt sticky no matter how many times they'd been washed. The lighting was garish considering the fixtures were old incandescents, and even though smoking was banned, there was still a haze of something in the air. Probably grease, as the kitchen was visible beyond the building-length counter with the vinyl-topped barstools. There was either a knock-off Wurlitzer by the side or a retrofitted one, which was currently playing something that was definitely old enough to be a member of AARP if not collect Social Security.
— with his child, mind you, which is a fucked-up miracle in and of itself — and I was trying something on the other day, something I'd actually been wearing for a while but I'm starting to get just a little too, well,
thing that Esmeralda had done to him, but he couldn't deny that she was right. He had been forced to bear a child, but at the same time, he would not and could not give her up for anything in the world.
"Anyway," he said, and Steve tilted his head a bit, looking for explanation for Tony's previous strange little actions, "the serum may have given you
"Yeah. You say people'll pay out th' ass for that kinda shit an' it's yours and Daddy's duty t' help people that don' have what we do."
if you promise to curl up on the couch and relax and not go down to your lab and work on stuff that can wait until later."
Tony glanced up and saw Barnes glaring at him, and he surreptitiously looked to his right to make sure his brand-new travel gauntlet was within reach should he need it before JARVIS felt it prudent to alert Steve. Even DUM-E whirred some, the sound coming off a lot like unease and suspicion.
say about it? Good god, Jarvis — the real Jarvis — would be absolutely appalled at Captain America's slovenly ways.
Because Steve wanted a son, and didn't they say it was the 'man' that decided what sex it would be anyway? God, he probably didn't even have any sperm that carried 'X' chromosomes. They were probably all strong, virile 'Y's. OK, clearly in that other universe,
Because maybe, deep down, he was terrified, too, but he knew he had to be strong for Tony and he wanted to be strong for Tony. Because he loved him, and because he wanted to do right by him.
He unfolded his arms and jammed his finger against the button again, and Rhodey said, "You looked like you were ready to give him the world, Tones. He told you to teach him how to dance. If he had said right then and there, you would have dropped everything and done it for him."
He glanced at them a moment before he looked to Steve for explanation, and Steve shrugged and said, "I told you. I wanted it to be a surprise."
," from Tony. He shot a look at Tony and said, "I had a contact with a GE. Does SI even make ultrasound machines?"
"To be fair," Barton muttered, "it was, like, the hottest weekend of the year, so it was fucking packed."
"Not like that, anyway. Feels like… Feels like I'm not doing anything. Like I'm wasting time or I'm being useless or something."
"Because! You can't— You try to alter your future based on information you gained in your past, you'll fuck everything up. You'll create an alternate timeline or a black hole or trigger the complete temporal destruction of the universe."
Though it seemed a damned sight safer than whatever clusterfuck that other Cap had taken her back to. The blood on that uniform had been a little too fresh, now that he thought about it, and the noises in the background of that wormhole-thing hadn't been the most…comforting of sorts.
"No," Steve said with a yawn and a shake of the head. He smiled a little at Tony and said, "I did notice that I didn't get anything from you."
Steve put his hands on Tony's thighs, running his fingers beneath the straps that connected the garter to the stockings, and Tony bowed his head so that he and Steve were pressed forehead-to- forehead, and he murmured, "Any time you're ready, babe."
Thor nodded and began to lead away, and Steve kept his hands on Tony's face until Thor had gone too far, his fingertips falling away, though not before Tony was able to get in one last kiss against the pad of his finger.
He focused on the very last, only because the words were still fresh in his mind. "So, when you say 'marriage vows—'"
Steve just rubbed his hands over Tony, almost like he was assuring himself of Tony's existence. "Mmm...technically. And there's nothing shameful about it." He squeezed him and added, "God, I couldn't even begin to imagine having to— I mean did you really—? I mean, did you really
Natasha shot a pointed look up at him. "You know where this baby's coming out of, right? Unless you have cesarean, I mean."
"Yeah, the only people that say that are the ones that can't get anything but self-lovin'," Tony said.
"Does he…think we're at a diner?" Barton asked to no one in particular. Bruce just shook his head and made a motion at him to just go with it.
Barnes would have succumbed to the temptation — or the conditioning — and turned traitor on them. He didn't think Barnes would have done it willingly, anyway. But it was hard to say because it was an unknown they would never be able to know. Tony would never be able to go back in time and sit his ass down and let the others handle the breach any more than he would be able to go back and tell Steve he was in labor and he didn't want him to leave, goddamn it, because he needed him to stay by his side and coach him through the birth of their child. He could never know what would have happened had he decided to heed the warnings and sit the battle out. The most he could do was accept that it had happened the way it had happened and move on from that.
Tony was glad he hadn't taken a sip of his tea right before that. He would have spit it out all over Other Tony and Tracy.
"Yeah," Bruce chimed in from the back, "they don't really like to do them unless they have to, though."
Bruce returned exactly ten minutes after he'd left him alone, bringing along an ice pack while Barnes lugged in what looked like the simple white wicker bassinette he'd secretly been coveting since the covert three-am window shopping binge he'd treated himself to on one of those nights when he just couldn't sleep and Steve was snoring like a chainsaw. He didn't buy anything out of respect for Steve's neurotic wishes, but he'd bookmarked the shit out of everything he was planning to buy the minute the doctor gave him the OK that everything was fine with him and the little monster that had been making
Tony shrugged and bopped on back over to the stove to inspect the job Barnes was doing with the potatoes. He looked them over and said, "OK, you're good," and motioned for him to remove them from the heat. He turned back to the others and said, "How do you make a pie? I want to make a blueberry pie."
Tony patted his arm. "Didn't think so," he said, and Rhodey leaned in to Steve and said, "Not sure what that says about the 'man with the plan' that he doesn't have a plan."
Look, he'd met Tony at a party and hadn't had the foggiest idea of who he was. He'd been considering chucking it all in and telling Thor and Bucky and Sam that he was done for the night and was heading out — in fact, he was clear on his way over to telling them that — when he'd bumped into a short, lithe brunette in a hoodie trying to balance three cups of Sam Adams in his grasp. The beer had sloshed all over his sweatshirt, and the shorter man had said, "
"We're a family — an honest-to-God family, and I— I know I have responsibilities now. I know I—" He tipped his head forward and smiled, the tips of his ears tingeing pink in the dim light of the room. "I
"Yeah, I love him," Jim said, "but he was not always the best judge of that sort of thing. Seems to have wised up in the last five years or so."
Honestly, he still didn't know what he'd seen. One moment, he'd seen Tony, divested of the suit, standing in a pile of rubble in Lower Manhattan. There was a woman there with long blonde hair and a shimmering gown, and Steve wasn't able to get there before the woman appeared to touch Tony, and Tony disappeared in a shimmer of glittering amber light. He'd screamed out his name — 'Tony,' not 'Iron Man' as was the usual protocol in the field — and run over only to find that a dark-haired woman dressed in Tony's usual under armor now lay there in the same spot where Tony had stood only a second before...
Steve took a breath, and he was silent a moment before he said, "You know I would do it instead of you in a heartbeat, but she chose you specifically. She thinks this is your…duty or destiny or something, I guess you'd say. You're the creator, not me. This is just…part and parcel of that. I know she says we're bondmates or soul mates or whatever you want to call it, but I kind of get the feeling she sees me more as a means to an end."
Tony huffed and dropped his shoulders. "You don't have to be— Is my wayward husband anywhere around? Maybe I can get him to make a run for Italian."
But Steve sighed and, getting back to the matter at hand, said, "Look, Tony and I talked about this, and— We just think Pepper and Happy are the...safest choice."
Tony swallowed the bite and said, "I'm hungry, all right? You get anything to drink while you were out?"
Tony pulled the freshly-baked cookies out of the oven and set the hot sheet on top of the stove, and he looked at Steve and made a face and said, "What's gotten into you?"
Tony didn't know whether that was a slight at his figure or the fact that the woman didn't have much time to work with.
Everyone's gaze shifted from Tony to Steve at that. Tony could only imagine the face Steve was making at them.
"Pretty sure what they had in your day was unpadded wood slabs that got sticky as fuck in the summer. Hmm…I see they went with the pink and purple pattern as opposed to the blue and gray one."
He shifted a little to allow for Natasha to work at a particularly tensed knot in his back, and she followed, her fingers digging in and massaging at the right pressure.
"Oh, well," Barton said and held his bottle of water up like he was toasting Steve, "have fun painting the princess's
," Steve murmured, but it apparently wasn't necessary as Bruce just smiled a little at Tony like his snippy comment hadn't harshed his buzz in any way.
He folded his arms — sort of in that awkward way where he wasn't exactly comfortable in the situation but was trying to downplay it — and said, "Used to flop in his eyes. Was kind of stingy on the Kreml or whatever it was he used. So, it'd flop all around, get all in disarray. Don't think it was 'til he went in the Army that he finally figured out how to comb his hair the right way. Maybe he was just making enough money that he didn't have to make a bottle of tonic last a year." He shrugged. "Just…weird, I guess."
Tony just waved off his concern and told him not to worry about it, but Steve pursed his lips and sat at attention, back straight, and steely gaze focused on Thor.
to be a girl, I want everyone to remember this conversation. I also want Barton to pay me fifty bucks."
. I don't know how much longer we can keep doing that, but trust me. Eleven-out-of-ten, would totally do again. But if you promise not to tell anyone, I'll tell you why I started crying."
"Oh, yeah, sure. They had flying suits of armor in the '30s. My old man couldn't even get a car to fly in the '40s."
"Return?" Barton said and looked up at him. "Where the hell'd you go? You were just here a couple hours ago."
He holed himself up in his lab and worked on various projects he'd let go over the past couple months. Or he tried to, at any rate. His concentration was a bit lacking, as was his strength reserves — and his wrist still hurt him a bit, but not as much as he thought it should — and, more often than not, he spent the time on the couch, staring at the TV screen ahead of him. At one point, he'd gotten stuck at the classic movie channel and was either too lazy or too down to tell JARVIS to change it. Which mean he suffered through an afternoon of melodramas that had him reluctantly bawling his eyes out. (Hormones. Always and forever blame hormones.) There was the one with the blue-collar girl that got married to the blue-blood, only to end up divorced and pregnant when the family didn't approve of the match. She resolved to keep the baby even with no husband in the picture, but the baby died at birth. Then there was the one about the couple that was getting divorced, and the wife was going through their record collection and recalling fonder times. That one not only featured a miscarriage but an adopted child that ended up dying of some mysterious illness.
Bruce was actually panting by the end of his rant, though Tony didn't spy any green tingeing his irises, so he was safe in figuring Bruce hadn't gotten himself
Tony would have face-palmed if he didn't have a mug of coffee in his hand that he was afraid of spilling due to the sheer force of the shockwave that would ensue from his forehead meeting his palm.
He watched as Rhodey fought to keep from laughing — the sound ended up coming out as a small, snorted choke — before he said, "Somehow I doubt that," before he patted her atop the head and went over to Tony. "Hey," he said and put a hand on Tony's shoulder. "I'm sorry. We didn't really get to talk about anything other than—"
Tony lay his head back and stared at the ceiling blocks above, a very serious-looking Steve leaning over him as he tried to watch the screen and see exactly what Bruce and the doctor were seeing. Not that he'd understand it, but Tony knew Steve felt better about seeing this stuff with his own two eyes.
Wilson just stared at him like he was being stabbed in the heart by each and every one of Barnes's words, and Barton said, "Well, clearly, there's been some gaps in his cultural education."
Steve shrugged. "You were busy and I was bored. It was before we got together, anyway. Wasn't sure if you'd…even want to take the time to explain it to me, anyway."
"Well, actually—" Steve started to say, but Tony belched then said, "No, we didn't. You know why? Because we don't
He started to pull his eyes away to go about his dressing, but they stayed glued to the prominent curves on display through the gown — the curve of his belly and the swell of his breasts.
of different things for me, to be honest. Is it amusing watching you get all worked up about things? Sure. But it always has been amusing. It's also exciting and terrifying. I didn't—"
Bruce inhaled a breath through his nose and pulled off one full tube to replace it with an empty one. "You're not this stupid, Tony. You know what I'm talking about. Maybe this is how you get—"
He took a few steps forward to meet his workstation table, and he braced firm hands against it and went through his equations again, over and over, puffing out breaths until the pain subsided once again. He let out a few quieter, even breaths, and he stood there a moment before he summed up the courage to stand back up again.
Tony exhaled a breath and dropped his head a moment, but he picked it right back up and met Steve's gaze again.
"Nat's Pepper Potts's PA, remember?" Bucky said then turned to her. "OK, 'fess up. What sort of dirt did you get?"
As Tony took the first sip of…very chocolaty milk — OK, maybe he went a little overboard on the syrup — JARVIS said, "
He watched as they stood there considering each other for a moment — not like they were sizing each other up but more that they were trying to assure themselves this was real and this was really happening — before Steve seemingly felt brazen enough to reach out and pull Barnes into an embrace. Barnes stood frozen for only a second before he was reaching up with tentative arms to return the embrace in kind, though Tony saw the haunted look on Barnes's face as he rested his chin on Steve's shoulder and hugged him for the first time in damned near seventy years.
"Here's something they never told you in the history books: Captain America is the worst soldier in the history of the world. He doesn't follow orders, he doesn't keep his uniform neat and tidy, and I don't want to know what his barracks looked like based on how I've come back to him practically living in his own filth after spending two days at the California office. You want a sorry sight? Captain America passed out on the couch at two-thirty in the morning surrounded by empty bags of Doritos and cans of 'Real Sugar' Pepsi."
"If you don't want to, we don't have to—" Steve said quickly, like he was backing down from the idea because he was afraid he'd pushed the limit too far.
"It's not something we felt the public needed to be made aware of," Steve said. "We contained the threat and remedied the situation with minimal damage to the perimeter."
Not just keep it but bear it and care for it and raise it. It might be a little boy with Steve's eyes and his talent for engineering. Or maybe a little girl with his eyes and Steve's knack for getting into trouble. Whatever it was, whoever it was, Tony couldn't help desperately wanting to find out.
He glared at him. "I find it highly offensive that you seem to think I'm so easy that all you have to do is put a finger on me and I'll want to hop on your dick like it's the last—" He glanced at the tablet. "Are you reading about
Tony sighed and went into the bedroom, and he shucked off his club attire and was tempted to just crawl into his pajamas and into bed, but he could still
he all but snarled at her, spitting the word 'Papa' out like it tasted of poison. "I am never going to
"Sex with feelings is better?" Steve asked, practically begging Tony to tell him he'd been a better lover than whatever casual fuck Tony'd had after their breakup had been.
Tony picked his head up to look at Steve, and he watched as Steve stared at him and blinked, his mouth opening and closing a few times like a fucking guppy fish because he couldn't seem to formulate the words he wanted, and he finally said a somewhat unsure, "OK— Are you OK? Are you feeling OK?"
"I used to be a dude," he repeated, and the guy snorted a laugh and said, "The fuck you were. Not with a rack like this."
He just grunted and started trying to drag the suit, which, as it turned out, was a little heavier than he remembered it being. "The fuck?" he muttered as he dropped the legs and looked at his arms.
Steve nodded. "Duly noted, but anyway, at first I… Yeah, I guess— I guess I didn't want to. I don't think it was real to me then. I think I was still operating under a 'this cannot be happening to me' mindset. But the longer it went on, the, well,
They hadn't, as it turned out. Volunteers for some offshoot of Extremis less stable than what Killian had been working with. From what Steve had said, not a pretty sight to walk into.
her, anyway? Yeah, OK, she was kind of cute, but she was a rambunctious and opinionated chatterbox with an ego the size of Texas.
He'd expected Thor and Wilson and Asshole Barton to show their faces along with the usual Bruce and Natasha and Hill and Barnes that had been checking in on him and making themselves comfortable in his penthouse the past couple days, but it was radio silence on that front. He actually wasn't sure whether he was put out by that or not. Sure, he pissed and moaned about people making themselves at home in his place, but he knew at its core that's really all it was — pissing and moaning. He didn't really hate that they kept showing up and eating his food and watching his TV and just generally hanging out at his place. He couldn't even say that he'd 'grown used to it' because it had never actually bothered him to begin with. He'd liked these people from the start, really — OK, from the moment they'd clicked so well as a team and had been able to work together to defeat the 'bad guy' that was trying to take over the world. You know, the usual. But he'd liked these people from the word 'go,' and he liked that they liked him enough to help themselves to his stuff and then stick around to annoy him with their presence and their small talk and useless trivia.
Pepper just continued to give him that sad, remorseful look, and she moved her hands from his belly and reached out to take his hands in hers. She gave them a squeeze and murmured, "It's OK to be sad about it, you know."
"In lieu of bringing wedding gifts for the groom and groom because that would just have been really tacky — I'm a fucking billionaire — I was going to insist that guests make donations to the charity of my choice, and if they didn't, they wouldn't be able to come."
Steve frowned and glanced around, and he said, "Looks like it," while Thor suddenly realized that the Iron Man armor was standing there awaiting orders. He turned to Steve and said, "Did you unground our Man of Iron, Steven?"
"No," he said and shook his head. He shoved half the potsticker in his mouth, and after chewing it partway said, "Tony Stark, the self-described genius, billionaire, playboy philanthropist? Yeah, she'd never let him cross into her parlor twice. Tony Stark, the neurotic mechanical engineer that wants to make the world a better place?" He smiled a little and, after swallowing the bite, said, "I can hear her now.
Steve merely shrugged at him. "Up to you, honey. You remember what I told you back when this whole thing started."
Now, Tony had every intention of working on some projects that afternoon, but Steve made an off-handed mention of going down to the gym to get a workout in, and Tony decided that watching Steve get all hot and sweaty was a much more enticing prospect than actually
Steve. Not just because he was handsome, and not just because he was kind and generous, and not at all because he knew there existed another world where a Tony and a Steve had gotten married and forged a family together (though that did help give him the nudge he'd needed to admit his feelings for Steve were not as platonic or as antagonistic as he'd originally thought). It was because for the first time, he felt as though he'd truly found someone that was an equal to him — not in terms of brain power or science or anything like that, but in terms of drive, energy, and spirit. Steve was someone that was not afraid to stand up to him, did not feel the need to humor him just to shut him up (well, on the stuff that mattered), or blatantly ignore him when he felt Tony had gone off the deep end. He listened to what Tony had to say, took it into consideration, and, when needed, pushed back against whatever he felt was unnecessary or stupid. Which, admittedly, was a lot because Steve Rogers was that. Fucking. Stubborn.
But Steve grabbed his clothes from the floor, and he glanced down in resigned annoyance at his erection but still stepped into his boxer briefs and hissed a little at the pressure of the tight material against his cock. Tony just sat back and folded his arms, and he watched as Steve pulled a t-shirt over his head and said, "You know, five minutes, and that—" he nodded at Steve's hard, erect, deliciously thick cock, "—could be nothing but a memory."
Tony looked to where a half-eaten slice sat on her plate, all the cheese pulled off leaving only dough and a little bit of sauce. He motioned to her plate and said "You still have half-a-slice there."
Because to be quite honest, he was really fucking tired that weekend, and Steve was just so fucking comfortable to relax against that he ended up dozing through most of it or just blatantly not paying attention because he had Steve there, and Steve was approaching the whole thing like he would a battle against Hydra, analyzing, critiquing, and looking for ways to improve upon what he merely thought were 'adequate' measures. He had no qualms against sharing his thoughts with the nurse — to the amusement of their classmates and the annoyance of the nurse — who finally, after Steve's tenth critique that first day, said, "Captain Rogers, do you think it would be better if
"Oh, don't even pretend to look horrified at the very thought. Here, lemme paint a picture for you." He grinned a little and leaned closer. "You, putting a collar on your boy, Tony."
He waited for Barton to say something, and when he didn't — and after he'd scraped up every last bit he could get from Steve's plate — he looked over at Barton, who just stared at him and said one simple word.
Completely pretending that that morning's breakfast had never happened, Tony took a gulp of coffee and said, "Why do I feel like we've had this conversation before? And why do I feel like I've already told you I'm not a fucking hippy. I'm not eating your crunchy granola crap."
Tony swallowed and looked from the phone then to the woman that he suspected was a reporter. He watched as her lips moved, and he knew there was some kind of sound being made there, but he couldn't understand the words she was quite obviously saying. Not after—
"Whatever." He broke Steve's hold on him and moved over to one of the suits. "OK, J," he called out. "How's the Mark, oh, XVII looking these days?"
He sighed and stood up, and he surveyed the cake like he might a battlefield, looking for some sort of tactical advantage, and he poised the knife to cut into the top layer just as Natasha said, "Nope, not that one! You have to save that one."
it. He had to assume it, keep telling himself that yeah, he was growing a life inside of him, and someday it would be able to live and thrive on its own, but until that time, it was just an idea, an assumption, something he took for granted existed because he'd been told it existed and nothing else.
or Steve's energy that he was feeling wasn't that at all. Maybe it was naïve hope. Maybe it was some hormone his body was producing to keep him going and keep him from falling apart because he now had a squawking newborn to take care of, and the last thing a squawking newborn needed was a mother that was falling apart because her — his — whatever's husband was dead. Very clever, Mother Nature. Very coy, you little bitch. That wasn't Steve at all, was it? That was something just so he wouldn't leave his newborn to starve to death.
"Good," he said and reached out to kiss Tony's forehead. "Because I do. More than I ever thought it was possible to love someone, and if I have to, I will spend the rest of my life getting you to believe that."
"I don't know, Stevie," Bucky said. "Got a feeling that if Baby wants to go to MIT, Princess will damn well do whatever it takes to get Baby into MIT."
"I was thinkin' more it's kinda like shooting fish in a barrel to school old white boys that don't know any better."
He thought about this a moment, standing in the middle of the kitchen with bottle parts in his hands, and he wondered if that was also part of Tony's problem. For all the groaning and grumbling Tony had done from, well, the moment he'd realized what had happened to him, if there was one thing Tony really did seem to enjoy doing it was nursing the baby. Steve suspected it was partly a hormonal thing (as the reading had told him) and partly because it was something that only Tony could do — that this was something he and he alone could do for his daughter and he took a special pride in that. Honestly, outside of the conception itself, Steve was starting to even wonder what the point of the male half of the species was — at least, he was starting to wonder what the point of the father was. The understudy to take over the role of the mother when she (or he) was under the weather or just needed a break? Anyone could do that. Anyone could do what Steve was doing and what Steve did on a daily basis.
Tony inhaled a sharp breath through his nose then nodded. "Yeah," he said, his voice quiet, "it was."
Thor settled onto the couch, taking the seat closest to where Steve sat, and he leaned forward some like he was aiming to conspire with Steve and said, "Might we have a word later alone? There is something I wish to discuss with you."
"You're full of shit," he grumbled, "and how do you even know this? What, they teach you this in super-secret spy school?"
He'd blocked that dream from his memory — a stupid, confusing dream he'd had one Christmas Eve that had made no sense whatsoever. It was a fantasy, as it turned out, his inner-most desires coming to life in the form of a wonderful and picturesque dreamscape.
is going to tie up the rest of my afternoon." She nodded her head in the direction of the elevators they'd come from and added, "Go. Upstairs. Relax while you still can."
Tony put his arms around Steve's waist and pushed close to him, pressing his cheek against Steve's chest as he looked back at Rhodey. "You know it's true because Captain America said so."
"No big deal," he said and began to swipe at screens. "I don't blame you. It's not exactly… It doesn't happen in the real world."
Accepting that they would never be rid of the Chancellor was a tough pill to swallow, but the witch was right. The King, that silly, stupid romantic, had somehow talked the Archbishop into performing a marriage ritual for him and the Chancellor. If the Councilors had thought that reason would prevail at the last moment and the Church would look down upon the marital union of two
So, though #LadyLiberty nobly did what it could, #JabbatheSlut was just too powerful to be completely stopped. It was all over social media, it made it into late night hosts' monologues, and though Steve was incensed by the tag's existence and its implications, the way Tony saw it, if he was Jabba the Hut, then Steve was Princess Leia, which meant—
"Back to the Tower," Pepper said, furiously working her phone. She said a few other things Tony didn't listen to, and he only half paid attention as Pepper put a hand to his arm and said, "I will make this right. I promise, Tony. I will make sure this is handled."
," he countered, "no, you can't. No one can. This is— This is so far beyond normal it's crazy, and there is no way you or Steve or anyone else in the world can understand just exactly
Tony glanced to Barnes for a moment then went back to twisting and soldering wires in his arm. "I was. Still am."
Steve just glared, but Natasha said, "Not if you're trying to hide something," with the barest hint of smile on her face as she said it.
Steve tore his eyes away from the tablet and glanced down to him. "Hey," he said softly. "What's brought this on all of a sudden?"
Rhodey just shook his head and said, "I'm not saying a word," while Barnes stared at Tony a moment then looked to Steve and then back again to Tony. He turned to Wilson and said, "Wait, isn't that exactly how—?"
Hands to his hips, he stared at the enormous pile of presents piled beneath the large festive evergreen set up in the living area by the floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking Midtown.
Not that he couldn't do this without him. He could. Look, he may have had tits and a vagina and a super soldier spawn about ready to fall out of him (god, get
He rocked the plug, a slow, gentle rhythm that made Stark clench and unclench his hands over and over, turning his head to press his face into the table.
"Ugh, don't say 'board,' I'm already tired. Also, I'm a little insulted that you can make a trip across the country to yell at me—"
"What?" Steve said as he went to pour himself a cup of coffee only to find the container was empty. He frowned and picked up the other one.
She weighed her response then said, "Not…" She blinked and smiled at him and then patted his hand once again. "Makes me feel better about certain…conclusions about things I've come to as well."
"It's still kind of a symbolic thing," Bruce said. "Like if he got married in his suit, he might see that as you marrying Captain America instead of Steve Rogers."
"Really," she said, smiling, and Tony knew that sort of smile because it was the kind he found his own face breaking into whenever he thought about Steve.
Barnes snorted a laugh at that and shook his head some like he still couldn't believe he'd witnessed it.
Someday soon, he was going to be greeted with the very unwelcome realization that Tony and maybe even Olivia liked him better as well.
Steve glanced around. "That's impossible," he said, eyeing up the house around him. "I was just in—"
As it turned out, there was a two-day intensive course being offered that weekend. Steve, that son- of-a-bitch, signed them up on the spot, and Tony, much to his disgruntlement, was forced to spend his weekend with over a dozen other pregnant women and either their significant other or the couple they were acting as surrogate for, all of whom seemed to be happy to be there and excited to learn about the 'experience' of childbirth.
He tried to stand up, but Steve, the jerk, just grabbed his arm and pulled him back down, and Dr. Ganford smiled at him and said, "I can only imagine how frightening a prospect this must be for you—"
Before he could say anything, Olivia chimed in, "Daddy, Papa said we could use your art stuff you use for drawin'!"
Sam actually seemed perplexed by this, frowning, looking at Steve like what he'd just said didn't mesh with what he knew of Tony Stark, and Steve shook his head. "No, that's why I thought he agreed with me. He just kept nodding and saying I was right and—"
And this was it. Moment of truth. No turning back from this. He wanted a chance at that future — he wanted a chance at a Steve Rogers that kissed him like he was the only person that had ever mattered and a little chatterbox that had him wrapped around her little finger — he had to do this. No matter the outcome.
Pepper stared at him a moment, blinking, frowning, her hand now resting at her side. She nodded and said, "OK — and not that I'm saying it's something you should even do — but why…
Barnes smiled at him, though Tony thought it looked kind of pained in a way he had a feeling Steve wasn't allowing himself to see. "Yeah," he said, and the words sounded sour on his tongue, "sure, Stevie. I'll think about it."
" he snapped as he pulled out a bandage roll and wrapped it around his hand to stem the bleeding. He should have disinfected first, but fuck it.
"You know," he finally muttered when they'd been sitting there for too long, "if we'd just done this the moment we got engaged, we could have saved ourselves a shitload of trouble."
He sighed and exhaled a breath as he clicked the button to run the program. "I don't know why I'm even bothering with this."
"Huh?" he asked, still paging through the comic book. "Oh, you make an appearance in this. Huh. They got your number, all right. Captain Buzzkill right here. Also seem to have gotten your shoulder-to-waist ratio down pat."
He weaved his way through the room, around the couch and over to the doorway. He smiled up at Steve, who stood next to the frame, clutching his hot chocolate in both hands, and said, "I'm gonna go put this little brat down in her crib." He nodded into the room and added, "Make yourself comfortable. I know you don't know this yet, but it's your house, too."
Tony smiled tightly at her before he shoved his bag at Steve to hold and went over to the alcove. He went in and closed the door behind him, pushing the button to lock it and sighing out a breath.
Bruce closed his eyes and sighed out a breath. "Let me make a call," he muttered then shuffled off to the elevator, mug in hand and cellophane of the granola bar wrapper crinkling as he pulled it out of his pocket.
that he wasn't practically counting down the days until he could go back to his old self. God, he couldn't wait for that. But right now, he was actually enjoying this whole endeavor, to some degree, and he
Bucky and Sam stared at him a moment before Bucky said to Sam, "Look, I'm gonna give him that one. That man is head-over-heels nuts for him."
"So sensitive. You love it. Don't tell me you don't. I can tell you do. You love when I touch it. I've never seen you more sensitive to any touch I've ever given you."
"No, it's fine. I just hope the thoughts running through your head aren't 'How did I get stuck with this mess?'"
She just shrugged, and when Steve made to make the first cut, she said, "Oh, no, together," and nudged Tony. "Come on. This has to be as sickeningly sweet as possible."
"Remind me to use that one again later when you father comes home, OK?" Olivia just stared at him as she continued to nurse.
She frowned now, like she wasn't sure if she should say what she was thinking. "What?" he finally asked because he didn't think she'd say anything unprodded.
"Not sure if that follows for chocolate milkshakes," Tony said and set the shake down before he picked up his burger and took a large, savory bite.
legs up and tucked them beside her. "Just an observation," she said breezily, and as Tony sighed and explained — again — why he and Steve had chosen Pepper and Happy to be Olivia's guardians in the event of their untimely deaths, Steve let himself believe if only for that moment that it wasn't just a dream and it wasn't a hallucination. It was reality. He'd been shown a glimpse of his future at a time when he needed it most, and next year he would—
Steve met his gaze only a moment before he looked away, and he closed his eyes and mentally scowled at himself for allowing himself to feel so…so…
taste like coffee," he assured him, lest he be tempted to think one was a good substitute for the other. "I don't know what it tastes like, but it's not coffee."
Sam just shook his head, and Bucky pursed his lips in annoyance and said, "See, it's things like this why you're still single."
Tony had a feeling he knew what that was without needing the precise explanation. "What the hell are you reading?"
"I know," he said, finding to his surprise that the words stung just a little bit. He'd wanted to be done with the pretending and the charades, but now that the end had dawned for good, he found he maybe wasn't
"Look, me being within twenty feet of that brat probably isn't in the best interests of either one of us right now. So, just…go get a swab and get back here. She probably just
, ending with his fervent belief that she would be delighted at seeing Tony becoming a parent and becoming a grandparent herself.
," he amended with a roll of the eyes. "Look, I'm actually feeling good for the first time in months, I'm going stir-crazy in this place, and I want to go out for a night on the town with my sexy super soldier fiancé. Now, I totally know how to make myself look good in my other body, but this one, yeah, I haven't quite figured out yet, and you and the other two seemed to do OK with me last night. So, you know, any pointers you have would be great."
This was how Rhodey found them come nine-thirty that night, the table and floor strewn with sketches of plants and animals and robots and Avengers. Tony didn't even realize he'd arrived until he sat down on the chair adjacent to the table and reached out to get a better look at Olivia's War Machine picture.
"New York mansion, if we go now we might reach them on time." Natasha said as she starts running toward the car with the rest of the team behind her, everyone was a little shaken by the way Tony acted, what did that letter contain for the Alpha to turn feral?
Tony gazed at the house in front of him, not getting out of the car, blinking his eyes in tiredness as his breath hitched now and then as he tried to calm himself down, not wanting a repeat of the meltdown that happened this morning in the Stark tower's underground garage. A hitched sob get stuck in Tony's throat, as he wiped his eyes with his sleeve not wanting his tears to fall again, trying to get his shit together lest he starts screaming because there was no way… no way…
"Why?" James ended up asking, and Steven can't blame his boy, not when Steven was practically asking him to trust a stranger that he only saw two separate occasions for a very short time. But out of the whole village, Nicolaus was the only person Steven can trust wholly with his son and pack, not even Loki and Thor gained his trust like his uncle who seemed to come back from the dead.
" Steven's voice cracked and broke as he spoke these few words, probably because of him never talking with anyone; that thought made a sad smile take over Tony's face as he kneeled down on the deck, gazing at the once feared monster with a soft look.
"Morgan… is she… is she Steven Rogers's daughter?" Tony asked instead of thinking about Angie's words, he doesn't think he has it in him to believe anything Bucky and Peggy said, not after hiding everything from him. Angie on the other hand, did warn him a few times, she even told him the rules of the lake to protect him, so maybe… just maybe; he can trust her words.
"You know, there is another place, two hours' drive West of here." The man said gently, in a voice Tony didn't think the man was capable of, which made the young man raise his head to look at the man expecting this to be one of his father's many traps, thinking that Tony will be desperate enough to take the bait, but the thing is, there was a slim chance that the man doesn't know about his father, a chance that the man was genuine, a chance that he will be able to save his baby! "Do you know about a town called Shield?" The man leaned toward him and asked that question, making Tony furrow his brows and shook his head slowly, the possibility of the man being a lair and one of his father's people who were paid increased by the second. "Here…" The man nodded as he gave Tony a map, which the young man took slowly and opened it, looking through the map, raising an eyebrow when he saw a circle on one part of the map.
"Remind me again, the whereabouts of your staying?" Phillips asks curiously after Tony left the bathroom, which made Tony tense after he returned the kit, trying to be subtle in backing away, but knowing from the man's eyes that he wasn't at all, which made Tony swallow at that. "Didn't think there was anything on the market, not since the Jones' cabin was sold yesterday, it is just outside of Atlanta in Fairburn, someone by the name Stane bought it." The old man said after he took the kit from the teen and put it back in its place, and Tony froze at that, looking at the man with wide eyes, which made the man hum and nod his head at that. "Sorry kid seems that you are late." The man said in what Tony wanted to say was the least sympathetic voice he ever heard in his life.
Steve wanted to scream, he wanted to ask the man what he was doing here, why was he here? But the thing was; if the Alpha hadn’t shown up when he did, his Peter would have probably got hurt too. Not that far, Steve was able to pick up the sound of sirens, which made his tense muscles relax; it seems that someone did call the police after they heard the gun go off, which was reassuring. “Come on baby, stand up, we are going to May’s.” Steve whispered to his boy, kissing his son’s face, over and over, trying to calm his baby’s whose heart was pounding like a frightened rabbit in his chest. What wouldn’t Steve give to be able to hold his baby in his arms like a healthy person? Picking him up and walking toward May’s house without letting his child be separated from his embrace, but the thing was, Steve wasn’t able to hold his child like that since his baby turned six, not without Steve feeling strained and for his asthma to act up.
"Mr. Carbonell… it is a surprise to see you, I thought you have already left the town." Fury said once Tony entered the room, lowering the phone in his hand before clicking it shut, his attention turning completely to Tony who walked inside the room and took a seat on one of the chairs in front of Fury. "Why did you come here, Mr. Carbonell?" Fury asked his eyes darting to Morgan and a frown takes over his face for a split second; the action didn't go unnoticed by Tony who glared at the man and held his baby tightly.
Opening the door, Tony had to hold in his gasp, his eyes widen as he took in the huge and lighted room, taking everything from the metal tables to the glass doors, to Dummy who was rolling around the huge room peeping happily. Tony could do nothing but take a step inside of the room, running his hands on the tools he saw, taking the bookshelf in the back of the room near a sofa, filled with different kinds of books from philosophy to math to engineering theories, slowly circling around the place taking everything in ignoring Angie's curses as she glared and hissed at Steve, only to have the Alpha shrug it and laugh.
"A new baby won't change that Harley, you are our son, we told you that," Steve said, which only succeeded in gaining another sob from the boy who hide his face in Tony's chest, shaking and mumbling something under his breath, causing both Tony and Steve to look at each other with concern; they stayed like this until Harley calmed down, and by that time, both Harley and Peter were too tired to keep their eyes opened. Both Steve and he didn't know what to do, other than to ask Betty for some advice about this situation, knowing that this would probably cause Harley sleepless nights until they nip the problem from the bud…
"Don't you think I should know about things like this?" Howard said as he throws the book on the coffee table and stood up, making Tony raise his brow at that and put a hand on his stomach trying to calm the baby that was starting to flutter like crazy.
Steve saw how Bucky's face flushed red at Steve's question, and he wondered for a second what the brunette was thinking of that his cheeks turn rosy red. "Well, most first dates are a dinner and a movie type of things, but there is a lot of different ideas and activity, like going on a walk, or going to dance, a lot of things really, but most importantly is enjoying your date, why?" Bucky said after a while of silence, looking at Steve with wide eyes, hope and anticipation hiding in them making Steve feel a little guilty.
Bucky walked around Queens shaking all the while trying to look for the address the AI gave mind going into overloads, he couldn't believe what he was hearing, he didn't want to believe what he was hearing, for the longest time, Bucky always imagine his meeting with Anthony Carbonell being one full of screaming and fighting, but now, now after the truth was all out, now when he learned about what happened, he doesn't know what to think… for as long as he knew Stark, he thought of him as nothing but a spoilt brat, a brat that should be grateful to have a father like Howard to stop him from doing anything stupid, but now… now he discovered that Stark was nothing but a victim... a victim like Steve, and no matter how much he wanted to paint Stark as the bad man… he felt like shit for realizing that he was trying to blame a victim who lost his mate and child because of his father.
Even when his baby's first birthday comes and goes, and the only thing Tony could give was a name, a kiss on the forehead and silly stories of Captain America… a hero that long since died, a hero that he hoped his son will be like when he grows up… if he grows up… his baby was a genius, so smart and bright, he doesn't deserve to be locked down here like an animal. That night he put his baby in the bathroom he told him to close his eyes and put his hands on his ears or the monster will come… he did.
"I… n-no! He has to have a child with him, he took an oath on King Odin and Queen Frigga; he has to have the child with him!" Steven plea with the king, he pleads with his eyes hoping that the king will tell him the Beta brought his child later with them, even sent him to Brookland for a short time before of its distraction, anything! Just let the child be with them. The king took Steven's fists that were fisting his shirt in gentle hands, so contradicting to his harsh appearance.
"She made me promise to give it to you when the time is right; this is the best time as any." Howard smile, taking the necklace from the box and going behind Tony; Tony could only look in the mirror, his breath hitching as his father fasten the necklace behind him.
Tony examined the box in royal blue color, nibbling at his lower lip, wondering if he should open the box; after all, it was his, right? It was an engagement ring, right? Steve was going to ask him, right? Or maybe Tony was overthinking things again, and this box was nothing but a gift from either Steve’s editor or one of his fans, or maybe it was Bucky who gave Steve the box, in hope of protecting it from his mother, which actually is more possible with how insane Winnie was about Bucky settling down.
Tony let out a tired sigh, pouting as his eyes fell on the clock, which informed him he has at least two hours to prepare, but knowing Steve, he would probably show up any minute now. Steeling himself, Tony huffed and snatched his funeral suit, grumbling all the way, about scary Addams and idiot assassins.
Tony sniffed a little as he turned his face to the review mirror, trying to tidy himself as best as he can, pasting a happy smile on his face as he opened the car's door and get out, walking toward the front door to his house, putting on a fake cheer, in hope of being able to fool the Alpha and the pup inside of his house…
"H-how…" Tony's voice cracked, panic taking over him as he realized that the person in front of him was actually his father, not a dream he was having because he fell asleep on the floor near the front door. Tony couldn't help panicking; his father had found him, after two years of finally escaping the hell he used to live in, his father had found him! "How?" Tony snarled, anger and disbelieve warring with fear and terror, leaving Tony shaking to the bones as he tried to make sense of how and why was his father here after all these years.
"Five seconds… before I break some idiot's head… don't be that idiot Howard…" Steve said coldly making Howard let go of Steve's suit and look at the shining golden eyes that were looking down at him.
Steve looked at the shackles and let out a chuckle which made the woman frown and look at the man who sends her a small smile. "The first time I see you in more than thirty years and the first thing you do is shackling me to the bed… you still haven't changed, Peggy." Steve whispered not raising his voice, his throat was as dry as the desert and he didn't want to aggravate it as it is.
"Move on? With you? I don't know what got it inside of your head that I'm even interested, so for the last time Stark, stop chasing me!" Steve harsh worlds made the Omega take a step back and Steve gaze at the Omega's eyes watching the different emotions flash before them, sadness, heartbreak, disbelieve, followed by anger.
It took him three months to remodel and fix the house, three months of Tony crashing in Mrs. Carter's (Call me Peggy) house, three months of planning his and his baby's life while meeting a lot of different people, making friends with few of them, like Dr. Banner the doctor of the town who was always calm and attentive, especially to Tony considering that he was new here, the Romanov-Barton family, the two spouses were so crazy that Tony couldn't help but think that they may hide something underneath all the craziness, the Odinson brothers that own the town's bar, bickering and fighting every breath they took, which made Tony laugh at their petty fights, and lastly, Peggy's husband, Bucky, a scary man he was that was true, but he was the best carpenter and engineer of the town a fate that Tony couldn't help but ask the man about, only to get a creepy smile from him, so he stopped asking.
Reaching his bed Steve yawns, planning on taking a short nap before starting to prepare dinner. What stopped him from sinking in his bed was the sound of his cellphone ringing, which made Steve groan in annoyance. Steve snatched his phone from the nightstand, thinking that the caller was his husband; Steve pressed the answer button, planning on giving his husband a piece of his mind. "Hello?" Steve answered with an annoyed voice, hoping that Tony could hear his annoyance through the phone.
"Tyber is trying to twist the story around, stating that you were the mad queen who kept killing his children as sacrifices, but my people doubt his words, especially when they know about your blessing… I just wanted to know how many…?" The king started his question, only to close his mouth, pressing his lips tightly before sighing through his nose.
Entering the attic, the Alpha scowl when he saw that the Omega was asleep and the queen's little brat was not in the room, which meant either the kid went out to play or one of the queen's people come and took him. The Alpha nearly growled as he walked toward the Omega planning on kicking him awake, because how could the Omega sleep when he already ordered him to clean the house three times?!
"Come sit, let me treat this…" Steve whispered his voice refused to come out normally, fearing that whoever trespassed into their home was still there. Guiding Bucky with him, Steve went to the kitchen to find the first aid kit he always kept in full stock, a habit he couldn't shake no matter how many years that passed. "Please take a seat, Bucky; I will come in a minute." Steve ordered as he went to find the kit.
"You are a fool, Anton!" Jamti hissed as the two of them rode their horses, side by side, the rest of the hunting party was behind them, talking with each other and ignoring the two of them, that if you didn't count Tyber who was trying to talk with Anton for the past ten minutes but get ignored and growled at by both Jamti and Anton; for the tenth time in many minutes, Anton only sigh, whispering
Tony raises his arm excitedly and waved down the black BMW as it gets closer, and it flashes its headlights in response, making Tony bite his lips to stop his squeal in happiness. He starts walking toward the parking lot, seeing the car turns smoothly, the wheels crunching on the loose gravel. The door opens and Tony rushed in the last few steps as he saw Pepper climbs out, with Rhodey not that far behind. “Pep! Rhodey!” Tony called out, which made the two rushes toward him and pull him in a tight hug when they reached him, causing Tony to let out a happy laugh.
"It's not like I didn't take him to therapists and clinics, I did, I did all of that, but nothing seemed to work." Steve ended up saying which made Tony nod his head at that. "Thought that returning here once again will be a good thing, a fresh start of some sort, that maybe he will heal slowly if he didn't see all of the things that will remind him of his mother, and it seemed to work, because he met you, and he didn't seem to be afraid… I guess I was an idiot to hope that he will get better on his own." Steve said putting his head in his hands.
Steve turned his head to the side after blinking his eyes to adjust his vision, Steve was sure he was dead after all a direct hit with the missile would kill anyone even a super-soldier, he may have had a small chance of survival if he wasn't injured, but his body was broken when that missile hit, so Steve was sure he was dead, he looked at the person sitting by his bedside and gave a smile, he knew he was dead, after all this person in front of him had died a long time now, and it made Steve's heart flutter in happiness at being able to see that person again.
Antonette husband was a monster, and this was a light word coming from his mouth, the man deserves to rot in Helheim for all eternity for what he did to his beloved, he hurt her so much, used her so much, made her cry, humiliated her, locked her up in a tower, like she was a prisoner, and she was a prisoner in her own house, she spent her days trying to act like the perfect wife, as for her nights, Antonette will always look at the sky from her window in her room when her husband force himself upon her and left her alone, she will always look at the stars and her eyes will fall on him with a sad smile. "When can I finally be with you, darling?" She would ask and he will close his eyes at that wondering when her words will be true.
"Just because you are dancing with Tony doesn't mean that you need a man to teach you how to dance; what if Tony wanted you to lead the dance? Peggy would be a much better choice at this!" Bucky stated causing Steve to tilt his head like a puppy as he seemed to think things through.
"Good morning, Tony." Steve whispered which made the Omega opened the door for the two of them, making Steve nod his head in thanks as he entered the room, crooning to Peter who grumbled at the sudden movement and thrust his cold nose in his father's neck for revenge which made the Alpha wince at that.
Steven wonders what his mother will do when she would look at him now; would she wail and sob and curse the fate for what happened to him? Will she take a knife and thrust it in his heart for what he had become? Or would she look in disgust and flinch away from his touch? It was possible, all of the above was possible and not at the same time, and Steven will never be able to know because his mother was dead… his mother was dead and Steven didn't even have the honor and courage to give her an honorable burial before he was dragged to the south to be Johann's captive.
"What do you know about Hydra?" Tony asked with mischief which caused the boy's eyes to widen like plates if that was possible, and he let out a gasp at that, looking at Tony like the Alpha told him Christmas came early.
"You are really planning on giving me a heart attack, aren't you, sweetheart?" Steve said as he entered the room, causing the three to turn their heads to Steve, calling his name as they tried to untangle themselves and rush toward him; Steve only laughed a little as he crossed the distance between them and sat on the side of the bed, pulling the three of them into a hug and holding them tightly.
Nattalegg walked from the cellar to the deck, mind going overload at what she saw and heard from the Omega, trying to make a head or tail of what she witnessed, humming to herself as she saw her fellow brothers and sisters loading their ships with gold and goods they took from the Hydra kingdom before burning it to the ground, taking a dark pleasure when she saw the smoke that resulted from the burning castle rising to the sky.
James unlike Petrus, was unafraid as he took everyone in, studying Tyber with a tilted head and furrowed brows; James became as quiet as a mouse as he took the scar running down Tyber's left eye and neck, Tyber always took pride in his scar saying he gain it when he was riding the Hydra king's chamber. James's eyes widen and then narrowed as he raised his hand and pointed at Tyber with a dark frown saying as loudly as he can that Anton was sure the people in the back had heard him. "You are the oathbreaker!" James called out, and Anton wondered if he should laugh out aloud at the spoken truth or hide James and Petrus behind him before Tyber decided to do something. "Mama! The oathbreaker is here, Mama!" James called out loudly, taking one of Petrus's hands in his before James started running in the direction of the queen.
"Please leave…" Steven finally gathered the courage to say these two words, hoping that the king will leave him so that Steven can drown in the sea of his failure and foolishness. It was true; when the king called him foolish he was speaking from truth… Steven was a failure and his children's deaths were on him, not the king in front of him. Without giving the Alpha a chance to protest, Steven once again hid under the furs on his bed, wishing that if he hid long enough he will manage to hide away from his failure and stupidity. It took a few more silent minutes before the king stood up to leave; only when the door closed behind him did Steven allowed himself the relief of tears…
Steve though, put the last dish on the dining table, going to his son and picking him up, giving Tony a wink before taking Peter with him outside of the house, which gained him a blink from the Omega followed by a knowing look, which informed Steve that Tony caught on the private conversation Steve plan to have with his boy, Steve knows that it is better if the news came out of his mouth before anyone even Tony.
Hearing that cracked voice whispering something like this, made Steve choke, it made pain and hurt take a hold of his heart, but the thing is Tony was right, this was his entire fault, if he had been brave like everyone said he was, he wouldn't have crashed the plane and froze himself in the ice, but he was coward, and the price of his cowardice act was lying in this bed holding his pup saying sorry for something he didn't do, it was his fault. The sound of doctors and nurses entering the room made Steve break off from his dark thoughts, he saw them go toward the Omega and his pup and try to pull the Omega away only making Tony scream and thrash more and more screaming at them to let him go.
It had been years, but still, Thor couldn't help but feel safety and happiness being home once more, even when it meant that being here was because the end of the world is near. Arriving at the palace, Thor couldn't help but let out a sigh, happiness enveloped him at the thought of him being home, finally being able to see his mother.
"It is OK, baby, Daddy was just lost in his thoughts for a sec," Tony mumbled before kissing his daughter's forehead, his tense body relax as he smelled his baby's scent… a scent that was a mix of him, baby powder, and the crispy lake outside. "You are stupid, Rogers, stupid for sticking here and refusing to leave," Tony called out loudly, hoping if Rogers was still here so he would hear what Tony said, maybe then he would decide to cross to the afterlife and stop living in this town that yearns for him but still refuse him.
"OK, kiddos, what do you think about ice cream? But only today, don't make it a habit." Tony said as he went to the fridge to get the ice cream, wanting the boys to ignore Steve's fight with Fury about his leave from work. Part of Tony couldn't help but roll his eyes, because everyone damn knew that Steve can work from home easily but Fury still like to torture and milk him all the way through before he give to Steve's demand of taking his leave.
Tony made sure to back away without someone noticing; suddenly feeling a little claustrophobic, who in their right mind will come to talk to him, least made their kids take a picture with him? Wasn't it a year ago these people called him the Merchant of Death? Now he was their hero, Tony shook his head and turn around, feeling something slammed into him when he looked down he winces as he saw a small child with the Iron Man replica helmet and glove on. "Hey, kid, are you OK?" He asked the child and offered him his hand when the sat up.
The second day after Steve woke up, he was moved to live with Howard and his wife, and their butler Jarvis… and Peggy and Angie who start living with the couple last year, ever since… no one told him since what… but the pain in their eyes that become glassy told him he shouldn't ask any questions…
"What about the rules you gave me months ago? Should I forget all about them now? Because of the way you are speaking informing me that I can do whatever I like, whenever I like without even a punishment. I do not need bribery if you think it will make me closer to forgiving you." Steven tensed when the king stopped in his advance, waiting for the man to come and strike him for his ungratefulness.
It was only when Peggy was far away from their homes that Tony finally lost it, turning to Clint with wide eyes and in a hysterical voice he shouted. "A fucking gun, Clint, really?! What if something happened and one of the kids get hurt?!" Tony couldn't help but breathe shakily, trying to calm his nerves as he tried not to waver when he saw Clint wince and give him a sheepish look.
This was insane, this was crazy… Tony chanted as he held Morgan tightly in his arms shivering as he shushed his baby, trying to calm her down; trying to calm her cries down. This was crazy, no, it was unbelievable, Tony didn't see a ghost, he didn't see a ghost of someone who died thirty years ago; it can't be! Tony choked on his sob, wiping his tears away before dragging the blanket he always kept in the boat and covering Morgan with it, shushing her down until her cries ceased…
So because he knew that it was going to be a lost cause, Tony grumbled to himself and decided to prepare a room for Rogers, in a far, far, far away corner of the mansion, away from Tony's room, or his labs, or kitchen, or library, or anything that generally matters to him, because if one thing was known, Pepper will skin him alive if she knew he was housing an Addams, and not even the winter collection of high heels would save his hide this time.
Steve needed to get out of here, he needed to leave this place and find Tony; it seems that Steve was finally catching the craziness from this place and he needed to save himself before it was too late. Today was going to be the day; today Steve was going to leave this hospital and the crazy people in it.
"No, there is no such a thing as an antidote to the poison that Hydra creates, and even if there is, it will take at least a year to be able to crack the genetic code of the poison and make the antidote." Howard's words gained a snarl from Bucky and the rest of the Alphas in the room.
"Oh, God, I'm so proud of you," Pepper said holding Tony tightly, making the Omega let out a wet laugh, and hide his face in her neck.
So Tony prepared himself for the death that will come to him as soon as he opened the door; he tensed and stood up, marching to the door with a deep breath. As soon as opened the door, he promised himself that he will do nothing but preparing to get a punch in the face; to Tony's surprise, Bucky wasn't there, instead, there was a doll that looked suspiciously like Bucky. A doll that growls and jumps and tried to throw what looked like a Captain America's Shield at Tony without succession because it was sewed to the toy's hand.
Today the three of them were in his workshop; Tony was doing a few updates to the armor, planning on making it more durable and light than it already was. He was halfway in, before Peter came into the workshop, dragging Steve behind him and chatting his ear off, pointing to his section in the lab; his baby had taken liking Steve to the very next step, that sometimes Tony fear his son will adopt Steve as his father and disown him.
"I don't know, I don't care, but don't try to turn into my enemy." Steven hissed, his grin widening when Thor took a step backward, his eyes calculating Steven, shifting uncomfortably by the sinister stare. "You can say; I'm the darkness that lurks within…" Steven left it at that and rolled his eyes when the rest of the Avengers shifted in their places. "Don't bother; your Steven will be back shortly. This time I was generous to return this body to him; next time, don't expect such generosity." With a scoff, Steven closes his eyes and collapsed on the wall behind him, when five minutes passed and Steven didn't wake up everyone surged toward him, though Rogers only goal was moving toward Bucky, drawing him into his chest, gripping him securely, avoiding everyone as they crowded Steven trying to wake him up…
It took a few minutes before Tony finally reached the house, getting out of the car, Tony couldn't help blinking his eyes as he took his home. It was the same as two years ago, nothing changed that much other than his vegetable garden getting run over by weeds, and looking around, Tony did notice that there were a few fruit trees around, still young, but obviously strong, all the same, it made Tony wonder when did Steven had enough time to plant them.
"Oh, can you tell me more about them, I am pretty confident I know where they departed to, I know a lot of stars." Steven said making the young boy look at him with wide disbelieving eyes as if asking him 'Really?' which made Steven melt a little at that expression. "Really, you know why?" That earned him a headshake, and a grin fluttered on Steven's lips. "Because I'm a star…" Steven winked, which led Peter to squawk and bolt out of his father's embrace. His eyes couldn't get any wider than they were now.
Hmmm, was I satisfied with this chapter and its ending? No, not really, I think it was rushed and not that well done… or maybe it was OK? I don't know.
"Losing my mind?" Tony grunt out, now any other time Tony wouldn't have cared about what anyone would have thought of him, but he was tired, he was scared, and he was on his last nerve, the last thing that Tony needed was Steve trying to play the hero and make him see 'Reason'; the fate of the world depending on defeating Thanos. Every time Tony close his eyes he could only see his family's corpses lying broken on the floor as Thanos tortured Steve over and over until he killed him, and Tony, Tony can't let that happen. "No, I am not losing my mind, I see what you cannot see, I see reason; I see a suit of armor around the world." Tony snapped as he stood up, glaring at Steve and hating how Steve was taller than him like he was looking down on Tony daring him to prove himself, and Tony, Tony doesn't need that now not when everyone was depending on him.
Natasha gave a sad look as she stood a few feet away from Tony, twisting her hands together in an uncomfortable fashion. "I came to see how you were doing…" Natasha stated in a hesitant voice, shifting in her place before raising her eyes toward Tony. "I am sorry… I really am Tony, but we were doing what has to be done, protecting both of you and Rogers." Natasha tried to explain her words gaining only an annoyed sigh from Tony.
Steve watched the Omega break down, his eyes become glassy at that. Howard was next, as he held his son and starts telling his son how proud of him, how much he missed him that made Tony give a loud sob, holding onto his father tightly. "J-Jarvis…" Tony called out when his eyes fell on the older Beta, the older man gives a small smile, his eyes tearing up. Steve pushed him toward the Omega, making the older man look at Steve than to Tony who was pleading with him to come closer, the Beta limp toward Tony, that made Tony sob and hold the Beta tightly when he reached him, at that, Jarvis finally let his tears fall.
Which was a mistake as he was asked a question after question like no tomorrow, but thanks the lord for Peggy because if she wasn't there, he was sure he would have flipped the table he was sitting near at the reporters who were like sharks who smelled blood, asking a dozen question every breath they took… but Steven, he was a showman as much as his husband was, being in the USO made sure of that, and being the husband of the late Tony Stark, made him hound his skills of smiling at the camera and waving his hands.
"Good… morning…" Peter mumbled, letting out a yawn as he rubbed his face in Tony's shirt (A shirt that was originally Steve's) letting out another yawn as he pulled away, scrunching his nose at how dark everything was; the action made Tony's lips twitch up, and he couldn't help but lean down to kiss Peter's forehead, letting out a soft chuckle at the whine that left his baby.
The season was draining, it left Tony hollowed, and it made him regret even sitting a food inside. The season ended with Tony trying to ignore his mother who was a sniffling mess beside him, and he promised himself not to bring her with him the next season, because as much as he wanted her with him, he couldn't handle seeing her cry, it ended with Tony ignoring anyone who tried to talk to him other than his pup, and he was happy to hear his baby chatters and giggles as he told him about his day.
Tony hummed to himself as he looked at the type of cookie duos in his hands, thinking if he should go with chocolate or butter ones, only God knows that Pepper gets a little salty when she didn't see her cookie duos in his house, his depot of course went on hold because he heard the sound of his name being shouted and then something small slamming into his legs, latching into them which made Tony look down and nearly let the cookie duos fall from his hands… because here he was… Peter Rogers, latching into his legs with a happy grin on his face, showing the gaps he has between his teeth.
"W-why are you doing this?" Tony's voice cracked his breath speeding up when he felt Ty's face coming closer to his, trying to stop himself from shaking when he felt the taller man paste himself on Tony's back, not giving him any space between their bodies, the knife that was way too close to where his baby was made tears slide faster.
It ends with Tony being stuck in the archive and forced to help Pepper sort through the old files of SI, the one that no one got around turning them to digital files, needless to say, Tony made sure to annoy everyone with his whining and trying to run away only to get caught by the members of the team, Thor thought of it as nothing but an amusing game, Bruce only shook his head, Clint sat on top of the cabins shouting 'I spy someone running' every time Tony made his move, Bucky and Natasha were guarding the door, and Pepper was the one who forced him into his chair helping him sort through the files.
Steven though only gaze at him with a raised eyebrow before letting out a low chuckle, which as much as Tony wanted to deny, made him pout like a five years old kid. "You? Delicate? If that was true then you wouldn't have become Iron Man, but if by delicate you meant small and short than yes, I can see that." Steven stated after he raised himself into a sitting position, taking the glass of water on the nightstand near him and taking sips of water.
"Then what to do?" Tony finally dared to ask after a while of silence as he held his son tightly taking the strength from the pup that way lying in his arms in deep slumber dreaming about whatever children his age are dreaming, the scent of a content and a happy pup which put Tony at ease.
As much as Tony wanted to run to Steve as soon as he can, he was stuck, after the invasion was over, Tony could only eat and throw himself on his bed sleeping the day off, which ends up with him sleeping for a whole day that Tony wonders how he was still alive, then after he woke up he was forced into to go with Peggy to give his statement on the battle, his aunt gave it another word, but Tony was too tired to care as he groans and complain through the whole thing, it took the whole day! After that Tony got a call from Pepper who told him to come to the tower because believe it or not half of it was destroyed in the invasion, as much as Tony complain and moan about having something important to do, the Beta snapped at him to bring his ass to the tower, it ends with her calling Natasha and Bucky to make sure he will come, the two of them ends up dragging him to the tower, Bruce was with them because Tony told him about the inventions that may need Tony and Bruce working together to disassemble them, Clint followed them because he thinks that Natasha dragging Tony's ass back to the tower was funny, Thor also ends up tagging with them, because he was thinking that this was a team-building exercise, thankfully or not thankfully depend on your point of view, Peggy told him that she will catch them later…
"Is that so?" Starkad's eyes shined as the small boy growled at him, it amused him greatly how strong-willed the small boy was, but he wondered if the boy has the heart to take a life, even if that life was that of a pathetic worm who was on his way to death. "Well, then, he is yours." The king said with humor painting his voice as he pointed at Hamar, who was shivering and gazing at the small boy who was glaring at him, if a look could kill, Hamar would have already started rotting in Hel, and for a second, Starkad couldn't help the pride at how much the small pup has the same glare as his mother, it only meant that the boy will be a feared and fierce warrior when he grow up.
"Don't move." The engineer gritted out when he had taken all of Steve, dragged his fingernails down Steve's chest. It made Steve hiss in pain but he held still. A few moments later Tony carefully lifted off his hips off Steve's cock and slid down again. He repeated it a few times before saying. "Now…" The word leaving his lips in breathless plea; Steve did as he was told and started a steady rhythm, watching Tony's face for any possible discomfort until the Omega tangled a hand in his hair and drew him roughly up for a quick kiss. "Fuck me already!" They kissed deeply, exploring the other's mouth while their body moved together. Pleasure pooled in their groins.
The boy was shuffling toward Tony with a sleepy face, calling his son 'Mama' as he held into him refusing to let go, which did nothing but make Tony give a happy laugh and ruffle the boy's hair; a boy with dark brown hair like Tony's, dark eyes, and pale skin. A child that resembled his deceased grandson and at the same time doesn't, a child that was the reason for his son to smile; a child that made the picture that Howard hide in his wallet for three years to burn and weigh him down.
Going back to his normal life after the events with Stane was harder than Tony ever imagined; not only because he has his baby girl in his arms now, but because Tony knows the truth of what happened. For a long time, Tony thought about packing everything and leaving, just like the Rogers family who ran away in the middle of the night. But every time he looked at his daughter, he just couldn't do it, not to her; not when Howard was still out there waiting for them, not when the two of them had finally found a safe place, even if it was temporary.
Today started well. Steve spent some of his time with Peter, drawing with the small boy who seemed to finally gain his old happy self back, something that made Steve overjoy. Steve even managed to spend some time with Peggy and Bucky, he hadn't seen these two for ages now, and seeing them again after so long was fun in a way, especially when Steve considered them to be his dear friends (Even when the Avengers are the only real friends that Steve have in a very long, long time) and then look and behold, Steve finally met the famous Pepper Potts.
With that Peggy started telling him in the most gentle voice she can about his life… his real life and not the made-up one she thinks of… she told him about his husband, James, who is also known as Bucky by their friends; she told them how the two of them were childhood friends that became husbands and mates when the graduated college and how the two of them had been practicing together since high school. She told him about the Barnes family, his mother-in-law Winnie, his father-in-law George, and his sister-in-law Rebecca 'Becky' Proctor and her husband and their six months old boy… she told him about Daniel and their eight years old daughter Sharon. Told him about the car accident he and Bucky had seven years ago, how the two of them were coming back from their doctor appointment when a reckless driver hit their car from Steve's side; she told him about Bucky visiting him every day and how he fared without Steve. She told him about there being no one by the name Tony in Steve's life… she told him so many lies (Truths?) that his head start spinning and his heart was pounding uncontrollably in his chest.
"A toy?" Steven asked wanting to extend his help, wondering if a toy was worth all the tears that the kid shed but he will help get this toy back if only just to stop the boy from feeling down. Tony though sigh at the question shaking his head, running his hand on Peter's back to calm him further, certainly this was the most civil conversation they had since the two of them met and that was only for Peter's sake.
"I am an adult…" Tony said these words through gritted teeth, and Steven saw the flash of hurt and pain in the Omega's eyes.
The silence was suffocating for the next few minutes as both Tony and Rhodey seemed like they were trying to find the next few words that will be appropriate for this crazy situation. "Well… at least he is hot…" Rhodey said, scratching the back of his head with a sheepish look on his face, Tony though, he could only whimper and hide his head under the fuzzy blanket…
It had been three months since Rogers was brought here, three months of the man being weird but endearing at the same time, she had to admit. At first, she thought that the Winter Soldier was going to be nothing but a headache, a creepy headache considering his Addams hierarchy and him having once upon a time tried to kill her.
"Pepper!" Tony whine as he flies through the window that was thankfully opened, which scatter papers all around the place, though, the strawberry blond-haired woman didn't even look phased, as she continued to sign the rest of the papers, which as much as it made Tony admire her, this was not the time for that, this was his time for trying to convince her that he really has a serious problem.
"Papa, Mama, I brought Harley!" Peter's joyful voice made both Steve and Tony break apart to look at the two pups that were running toward them… will it was Peter running toward them while dragging Harley who seemed like he wanted to be anywhere but here, the look on his small face stated that.
Rhodey held his tongue because he can clearly see the pain on the Alpha's face, at first when he met the other Alpha two years ago, it took Tony in his suit to stop Rhodey from killing the person that Steve left Tony for breaking his heart, but Tony was trying to get better, trying to get over the Omega and open a new page, and Rhodey decided to do that, decided, to forget, only to be forced to realize that everything he thought about the Omega was wrong. "Well, Mr. Barnes if you want to know, Tony was in fact going to tell you about his plan in time." Rhodey snapped then took a deep breath to calm himself down. "He was going to tell you when the time is right, the first who is to know about the plan was supposed to be Commander Carter, in hope that she will give them a safe passage from Howard to another country, then after a month Tony would call me, then I will come and search for you to tell you about what happened face to face, and give you a letter from the Omega… then after six months, he will call his mother because he is worried that if he told her about his plan than Howard will probably hurt her to get the information he wants… after a year, they will be back, if the two of them wanted to because after a year of marriage Howard can't do anything legally…" Rhodey explained, trying to remember more about the plan but he couldn't remember anything more, it was probably because he tried to forget this foolish plan as soon as Tony came to him one day shaking and looking so pale and heartbroken.
"Bruce always had this calming aura about him, I just asked for his help and he agreed." Steve told Jarvis which made the older man smile and for his eyes to fall on the pup and his mother who were sleeping contently.
"Thanks… you too…" Tony tried to smile, hoping that he wasn't grimacing, which he knows was a failing battle, especially with the fight or flight instincts were warring inside Tony like it was nothing. "Thank you for the roses and chocolate?" Tony tried not to make his words sound like a question and failing dramatically at that; just his luck…
Steve gasped, his eyes flying open as he looked around the room in panic, it took Steve a few seconds before his eyes finally focused on the shadow that was on top of him, revealing that the person who was standing over him was Tony… Tony whose hand was hovering above Steve's shoulder, hesitating to touch him; it must have been a terrifying nightmare if the concerned and panic looks Tony was sending him was anything to go by.
“Shame, it seems I missed the fun.” Tony spoke in mock disappointment, causing Natasha to laugh, the tense knots inside Tony left, him relaxing fully realizing that everything he saw last night, was just a horrible dream, him not used to being alone and all, hopefully, it will all pass away soon. “Hey, Nat. I remembered I need to talk with you about something.” These words caused Natasha to gaze at him with a lifted eyebrow, the delighted expression on her face faded as she lingered for Tony to say something, the transformation that took place stumped Tony, but he went on with a small smile. “You see, my best friends, who are practically my family, want to visit me, and I don’t even know if I should like, I don’t know? Get them approved by Fury or something? And the next thing is the matter of how I will be able to direct them here, like Shield isn’t even on the map, so what do you think I should do?” These words caused Natasha’s thoughtful look to melt and for a smile to twitch on her lips, a development that Tony was going to ask Natasha about later.
The information that Tony has on his house was limited, what Tony knows from the information Rhodey got him and the few words that Bucky and Peggy let slip was slim. He knows that the Rogers family ran away from their house after their son's death, and that son was probably Peggy and Bucky's best friend that the two of them always talk about with a found look (They talk about 'Stevie' as if he wasn't dead; as if he just left the town to live his life away. They never ever told him their friend's last name, just his nickname which was 'Stevie') Tony now knows that the Rogers' family didn't lose their son because of sickness, but because he was killed in the lake beside the house... 'Drown' in the lake beside the house thirty years ago. Being at the tail end of the twenty century, narrow the year of the Rogers' son death a little bit; if Tony placed the unfortunate event somewhere in the sixties he will probably take the time frame from the year 1965 to 1970, that was if Peggy's word of the Rogers' son dying in his teenager years has any truth in them.
"No, no, no! I didn't mean that, I will go!" The Alpha waved his hands in a panicked fashion, causing Steve to let out a sniff, followed by muttering his thanks, all the while trying to stop himself from bursting in laughter; yes, Steve was feeling a little guilty for playing dirty and deciding to mess with Bucky's protective Alpha nature, but it was the only way to get the poor man out of the house, the man had been practically holing himself in his room for two months! Any more and he will turn into dust bunny!
"He destroyed my mansion!" Tony screamed anger coloring his voice as rage nearly blinded him; at his admission, Steve's head shoot out looking at the destroyed mansion with a blank look, narrowing his eyes as he seemed to engrave the man's face into his mind.
"No, no, please my king, we did not know, pleases!" The men start shrieking as one after another they were all dragged by the Nattalegg and the warriors under her commands until no one but Hamar left kneeling, Hamar who was sobbing and pleading for his punishment to be lighter than the punishment those who were with him received, everyone was standing silently waiting for what their king will inform them next, fear still coursing through everyone.
Tony laughed uncomfortably. "Well, I've never been in this situation before..." The Omega swallowed as he visibly tried to keep himself together; Steve's heart skipped a beat worrying that Tony and him were rushing things. But the only thing that Tony did was drew his hands out of his pockets and looked Steve straight in the eyes. "I want you to be my Alpha if you will have me." Those words were said with such determined and sureness.
"I see…" Steven hummed tilting his head to the side before letting out a sigh, following the Alpha until he stood in front of Anton, the Alpha narrowed his eyes when he noticed a wooden amulet in one of the Omega's hands, the questioning look on his face made Steven hum and answer his unvoiced question. "It is
"No Steve, we are not crashing anywhere, especially not in Bermuda triangle," Tony said dryly as he send his husband a glare, returning back to his tablet before finishing another Iron Man prototype, but this time the color scheme would be black and red, just like Steve. "Besides, I still want to live; we can talk about dying together in the amazon jungle, like Gomez and Morticia when I reach my eighties," Tony said, causing Steve to pout a little before letting out a sigh, and later a smile crosses his face as he probably started imagining their lives together.
The AI's voice made Tony's face snapped to the ceiling. "The person who was here a few minutes ago…" Tony said which made the AI pause and play the security fid for Tony.
The man said with a dark look as he spat on Johann which made the other king pale as the waiting warriors howled in agreement, raising their weapons in pure glee as the huddle of terrified subjects and royals to scream in horror and fear. The Vikings hounded closer, and Steven watched in panic as they surrounded them with raised weapons with malicious smirks… oh, Gods, they are going to kill his baby!
"Don't act surprised Tony, you and Bruce were the one who invented the first time machine," Steve said as he starts checking his body humming as he saw that most of his injuries had healed.
"That's because Dad, is too much of a scary cat to let me return home, as soon as Clint called him, he and Ma panicked and held me hostage in here," Tony murmured, his words gaining a laugh from Steve who shook his head at how childish Tony was; that didn't stop Steve from being grateful to Howard and his mother, at least the two of them knew how to rein Tony before he did something reckless.
Howard tried to shake the echo of that memory away, tried to shake the heartache away; Howard though, furrow his brows when he realized that the voice he heard calling out 'Mama' was not that of fantasy, he was sure of that, because it sounded too real, even to Howard's old ears. The answer came not a few seconds later when Howard gazed at the small boy of ten years old with a shock in his eyes.
The second one 'Stardust' and yes, it's inspired by the movie stardust, with a star Steve! A lot of hurt/comfort before our boys finally get a grip on themselves.
"Even then, it wouldn't change what you did years ago…" Steve finally said with a tired voice as he leaned on the door behind him, sighing to himself at the pain he felt in his chest at what Tony asked of him… another chance, the Alpha wanted another chance with him, but this time as Tony Stark… if he did this, then it will be like Steve was finally admitting that the love of his life had died years and years ago, and to be truthful with himself, Steve knows he can't do that, he didn't have the courage to do that…
His lips twitched, and the creature doesn't know what the kind of expression that would have taken over his face if he didn't stop it. Pulling his lips into a snarl, the creature came toward the boy from behind, planning on flipping the boat over, maybe teach the boy a lesson and make him leave his land, for no one was welcomed in his land. Though the creature stopped midway before he continued his action, his ear picking up the whispered words the boy breathed into the water like they were a secret between him and the lake that no one is to hear. These words left the creature confused, it left him stumbled, for this was the first time someone thanked him for helping them.
"No! You are Captain America you can't rule the world, Spider-Man will stop you!" The pup laughed as his father tickled him mercilessly which caused Tony to laugh at that a little especially when the pup turns to Tony. "Mr. Stark, help! Captain America went rogue!" The pup said between his shrieks of laughter, which made a huge smile take over Tony's face.
"Where is Margaret?" Steven asked, his question followed by a confused noise from the healer, which made Steven frown but give the Beta a raised eyebrow. "Margaret, a female Beta that I'm sure would have screamed the foolish king's ear off, even if she doesn't understand what he says?" Steven stated, which made realization paint the Beta's face as he let out a huff of laughter.
"Trust me, Buck, nothing we purchase was too much, you need the clothes, autumn is coming, besides, nothing is too much." Steve gave Bucky a playful wink, turning to the coat rack, trying to find the perfect coat for the Alpha, the black coats was just too depressing and Bucky doesn't need any depressing colors right now, not even greys. Something caught Steve's eyes, making him turn fast to see what it was, only for a huge smile to take over his face, and he rushed toward the jacket he saw.
When he touched his belly he felt nothing, which made Tony's heart race in fear. "Where is he?!" Screamed Tony when he saw his father looking at him in relieve, at his question Howard's face fell, making Tony's heart drop with it.
Steve’s heart pounded in his chest as his eyes fell on his lover; he wanted to run toward his Alpha and hide in his arms, hoping that the Alpha will hold him until all this was over. Steve saw Tony gaze at his house, and then at all the people surrounded it from police, reporters, and passers, and something in Steve didn’t sit right, he felt like something was wrong. The snarl that Tony let out when his eyes fell on the dead body being dragged caused Steve to feel chilled to the bones, for even with the metallic voice in the suit, the message was clear; his Alpha was out for blood.
The Alpha snarled, which made everyone froze in disbelief, eyes going wide when they realized that the man used his voice, and when they did, Howard let out a raging shout; he was ready to pummel Stane to the ground, however, he was stopped by Tony who had a blank face. Howard shook, wondering what would happen to his son now that Stane had used his voice on him, but he was stopped for the second time from attacking the Alpha by Peggy, who nodded towards Tony, which made Howard turn to study the Omega, his eyes widening a little when Tony resisted the command.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, fluff, and poor Stevie! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"What's his name, the young master starts screaming as soon as he saw us, didn't calm down until everyone was out." Jarvis said which made Steve sigh in sadness and look at the small pup pulling him into his embrace to calm his squirming.
"Don't you dare stand for him Barnes; this is between me and Stark!" Steve snarled at that causing Bucky to press his lips tightly at that. "The whole fucking day! The whole fucking day Peter was waiting for you outside, jumping at the sound of any car that got close to our house thinking that it was you! You could at least have the decency to call, but what did you do? What did you do Stark?" Steve screamed at the Alpha making him look down and mumble his answer, and Bucky felt his heart tug at that, how the confident Alpha was reduced to nothing by Steve… something that Bucky never thought the Omega will do considered that he hated bullies, but now... now Steve was acting like a bully. "That's right; you went to play Superhero with your fucking friends, leaving your son cry himself to sleep." Steve said darkly which made Bucky snap at that, especially when he smelled the scent of misery and pain coming from Stark… he knows that Steve will regret this when he cools down, and this was enough… this is enough…
"We are here." Said Clint as he stopped the car in front of the mansion's gates, Steve sighed at that and get out of the car against Peggy's wishes, not caring about the idiotic Shield agent who was trying to argue with the butler to grant them entrance… Steve stood in front of the gates and kicked them hard, making them break and fly in different directions.
"Go inside; I will go distract them, go!" Steve hissed as he tried to push Tony inside the room, Tony who was too frozen to do anything but shake and shake as he heard footsteps getting closer and closer to the room; Steve cursed before looking at Tony pulling his face closer and gazing in Tony's eyes. "Hey Tony, are you my husband?" The silly question caused Tony to raise his head and gave a stupid 'Huh?' snapping out of his frozen state, which caused Steve to give a sad smile before pushing him in through the hidden door and closing it, leaving Tony dumbfounded in the dark room.
It took them only a few minutes before reaching Fury's office, a few minutes of Tony stewing in his thoughts and trying to string alone the question he needed to confront the older man. In the back of his mind, Tony wondered if he was doing a mistake and that Fury was just like Peggy and Bucky, too invested in Steven Rogers to be of any use, which made Tony grit his teeth together at the thought.
"I sealed your tainted magic away… you can no longer use magic or access it in any way there is…" Steve stated, his hands were shaking with how much magic he used; Steve may be a creature of magic, a divine being with his own right, but the thing was, with all of his power being divided into keeping him alive and in a physical body on Midgard, pulse trying to protect him from the Space Stone's influence, the magic Steve can use is very limited, and using too much would drain Steve faster, especially if he mixed the Infinity Stone power with his magic.
The car was silent this time when they returned home, Peter had fallen asleep inside the car still clutching the wristwatch, like it was a lifeline, which made Steve a little concern but Tony didn't bring it up. Parking near his house, Steve got out of the car, Tony was already out as he carried Peter's sleeping form, crooning to him gently and rocking him back to sleep when the pup scrunches his nose.
Peter (A name chosen to honor Grandpa Addams, who was famous for installing horror in every normal human and none-human in the nineteenth century) was grown up and leaving the nest to start his horror path so soon, Tony wasn't ready for his baby leaving him! "Call me if anything happens, you understand Pete? If someone tries to touch you I want you to rip their throats off… and… and I am going to miss you…" Tony choked, causing Steve to coo and kiss his temple, which ended with Peter hugging his legs tightly and nod his head.
Peter was still hiding behind him, making the Omega turn shakily to the boy and his heart… it shattered at the fat tears that were rolling down his baby's face. The Omega swallowed harshly before kneeling down, pulling the small pup in his arms as he soothed him by rocking him back and forth, which only made the small boy choke on his breath and thrust his face into Tony's neck. "Why… why are you crying baby?" Tony's voice cracked as he asked that question because for once, he already knew the answer.
Tony didn't know how long he stayed inside the playroom crying and praying for a miracle; shaking as he heard the laughing and jeering and coursing coming from downstairs, even the slap of skin against skin was loud enough for Tony to hear, informing Tony that he will be having nightmares for years and years to come. Nightmares of memories reminding Tony of his abuse, and the nightmares of him being the reason that Steve Rogers was killed.
Steve raised his head at that and let a small laugh as he lowered his hands. "This is my AI, Edith…" Steve said tiredly making Tony look at him with a shocked face.
Steve wondered what he was going to do now that everything went down… literally. Part of Steve was wondering what he would tell his daughter when Tony finally get fed up and end up leaving Steve forever; would his daughter blame him for leaving Tony and ruining their family, or would Howard play his stupid games and take his daughter away from him? Steve was scared, he was scared and tired and in pain; the major part of Steve was begging him to return to Tony, just return and turn the blind eye, letting his husband do what he wants, whenever he wants if it means it would salvage his marriage and home. Steve doesn't want his daughter to grow up without her father, he doesn't want her to blame or hate him for taking her Dad from her just because Steve was too difficult to deal with.
"Not unconsciously no." Loki said as he looked at Steven with an amused look, he already can feel everyone's eyes on him, especially his mother and Odin, Thor was looking at Steven with a confused look, and the rest of the Avengers didn't take their eyes off of Loki. "Do you remember this day?" Loki said as he wove his hand and a mist formed to show Thanos and Steven fight, in the fight Steven was able to grape the gauntlet with both of his hands and everyone can see the shocked look on Thanos's face, and it was mirrored by Odin and Frigga as they looked at the scene. "The stones are sentient beings, only those of powerful will can control them… you can say that your will was the strongest, stronger than even Thanos." Loki waved his hand once more and the scene changed, showing Thanos standing on the ground of his plant, the Avengers looked with wide eyes as they saw Thanos raise the gauntlet to snap his fingers, but the stones lashed at him and burned his arm, it took a while for the titan to regain control and when he snapped his fingers, everyone pale as they saw those who fought Thanos turn to dust. "Your will was stronger than Thanos himself, that's why when the titan wanted to use the gauntlet to erase half of the universe, the stones lashed at him, they were still 'working' under your will, and you only wanted to protect everyone from Thanos, protect the universe from him… and Thanos knew that, so to make your will waver, he killed the closest person to you first, so that he can use the stone." The scene change showing a Steven looking at his fallen comrades, but the whisper of his name made him turn to the person who called him, everyone can hear Steve's choked whisper of Bucky's name, and Peggy saw the horror on Steve's face as Bucky looked at Steven with confused as he outstretched his hand for him, just as Bucky took a step toward Steven, he tripped and hit the ground turning into dust.
Serval days past and the Blacksmith was filled with distress. He realized the day when the Stranger first didn’t show was that he was in love with him, and when he was going to give the Stranger his shield, he’d confess his feelings. But days turned into weeks with no change and the Blacksmith was heartbroken. Wishing to seclude himself in his workshop, he went into town to stock up on provisions and caught the conversation of the townsfolk.
Horrified, the Blacksmith went to the castle where the Prince slumbered in the tallest tower. The sight of the Prince in his cursed state filled the Blacksmith with despair.
Excusing yourself, you close the door (despite the internal debate of keeping the door open). Standing outside, you recollect the last two minutes.
“I’m afraid I don’t. From what I’ve seen you’ve only been on one date. I honestly don't know what to make of the boy."
Steve’s stomach fluttered as Tony titled his head, scrunching an eye as he thought. He straightened and smiled. Yet his smile looked different... Instead of its usual warmness that Steve began to anticipate, it looked... mischievous. "Alright. I got one. The actor's also young, takes place in a high school, and has him as a football player. JARVIS."
“Movie nights?” Steve asked from his seat on the communal floor's couch, watching Tony sit next to him with a large bowl. "That's what you thought up when Coulson told us to 'get along?'"
That night, the Blacksmith pondered. If a handsome stranger that seemed to embody goodness could be sure in his request, then what did that mean for the blacksmith? And what did it mean that the Stranger’s resolve made him feel so joyful?
Tony nodded hesitantly. “I mean, figured we should start doing this with the others. And seeing how movies brought us closer, I don’t see why it wouldn’t work on the others," he snapped his fingers, "Hey, I can even show why I called Thor Point Break that one time.”
"Nah," Tony grabbed Steve's wrist and pulled Steve back onto the couch. "You're not leaving that easily."
Steve arrived on the communal floor to see himself the only one there. He searched around the dark living room, trying to find any sign of life. "JARVIS? Where's Tony?"
Steve pulled back. “One of the last times I saw a complete black-and-white film, the couple a few seats from me were doing the same thing. Besides," he darted forward to playfully kiss the tip of Tony's nose, "we got other movie nights.”
“I appreciate it! I really do," Steve reached out to lay his hand over Tony's shoulder to shake it, "Thank you, Tony. It means a lot.”
The suggestion made Steve's skin itch. "Yeah. I'll think of something. Uh, does Tony have anything on his list?"
. The amount of times Rhodey has seen Tony naked in all sorts of positions has left him void of any embarrassment. But he hasn’t heard of Tony continuing these practices since becoming Iron Man.
"This..." Tony searched for words, "This is meant for both of us to get to know each other. I made you sit through the movies that I enjoy, I can spare time to try to watch something you might enjoy."
Steve's eyes widened momentarily. “No... Hey, when are we going to watch one where the actor looks like me?”
So an hour later, you cut up slices of fruit and put two glasses of water on a platter and head upstairs. You lean forward in an attempt to catch noise from within the room. Not hearing anything, you brace yourself and knock to announce yourself.
“Yeah, you're right. Thanks for not really asking about this, Jarvis," Tony tells you. "I know you're probably pissed that I haven't been saying anything."
Rhodey mimed hurling at the floor and Tony snickered. “Yeah, well, congrats on banging the American Dream.”
Steve's body began to feel jittery but he managed to answer, “There were things the movie did… that didn't follow the Broadway version. And the way they changed some of the character portrayals and their interactions with one another don't coincide with the original Broadway version. And these character changes I feel don't keep the intergey of those characters and overall makes the film weaker--”
“Thought so. Time to get that bravo back, Cap,” Rhodey clapped Rogers’ knee before standing. “Take the dive, but don’t wear him out completely. We have a thing tomorrow.”
“Oh, come on!" Tony whined as the screen exited out of the film. "I hear there’s a scene where the guy who looks like you is naked and
“I thought Captain America wasn’t around anymore! Tony, no. There’s no way I’m going to put on a stupid, ridiculous, idiotic, dumb--”
"Thank you..." Steve cleared his throat. "Uh, for the movie. It... It wasn't bad. And... I'm glad to work with you, too."
"Yeah, fine, Sherlock isn't exactly the easiest person to get along with. But at the end of the day, Sherlock comes through," Tony slumped into the seat before adding, "And Watson likes adventure just as much as Sherlock. It’s how it works."
Has he apologized for that? Has Rogers apologized for the things he said? Was it petty that he was waiting for Rogers to apologize for something that had an equal part in it? Since it was under Loki's influence did it make the argument void? Why was he being frustratingly stubborn about this? Why can't he just go up to Rogers and say--
“War Machine still good? Of course it is, I designed it. It's probably still perfect, isn't it? Wait, didn’t you say your mom got a new dog?”
? He brought up a hand to his face to rub an eye. "What I'm getting at, Cap, is that business will interfere with friendships. It’s how it works.”
As the movie showed blood-cloudy water go down the drain, Steve pulled Tony closer as he continued to kiss him deeper. Tony made a noise as he finally yanked into Steve's lap and Steve’s hands reached under his shirt.
“Alright, fine. But only because it’s you. We can watch it tonight, this movie's not one of the good eighties movies anyway. JARVIS, cut it.”
“Have you heard the news?” the townsperson said. “The prince of this kingdom fought with the Evil Warlock!”
“I will say three things about this,” Rhodey announced. “One; yes, it is itchy, two; yes, it is hot, and three; don’t take bets from Tony Stark.”
and almost wanted to laugh. Tom Hank's character gets into a plane crash and washes up in an unfamiliar place in the shape of a deserted island. Perhaps the title should’ve given him a clue.
“Didn’t you go behind enemy lines against superior's orders with a stolen plane, no backup, and no inherent plan?”
“Just wanted to bring up some snacks and water for you both," you announce, setting the platter on the desk next to Tony.
"Yep, such pleasant music," Tony muttered after sitting through the screeches that were "We Welcome You to Munchkin Land."
"You underestimate how much business gets into everything. It really does ruin lives like that. Because, one minute, you think that your business partner would always be there because they've
"So, I really did hear the doorbell. God, he's really here," Tony reached up to fuss with his over-moussed hair. "Do I look alright?"
Steve snorted. “Thank God you think I’m adorable. Extremely grateful that you think me liking pleasant music and nice dancing is adorable.”
You wiggle your toes as you kick back on a couch in the sitting room, tension melting away as you sink in the cushions. Grabbing your tea, you inhale deeply to intake its rich scent.
He looks around the interior, stepping slowly as if his sneakers would permanently damage the polished floors.
The sigh that trails out of you is long and heavy. “Good evening, Steve... Or should I say morning?”
Between talking about his emotional hang-ups from Howard’s parenting and his fears of failure, Tony admitted to a childhood crush on Captain America.
"Yeah, no," Tony cut Steve off, waving a finger. "We're not doing that. None of that." He sighed and heaved himself up. "Alright, goodnight, Steve.”
been there. You even thought of yourself as family, since, practically, you grew up with him and Dad trusted him. Then, suddenly, they completely pull the rug from under you and try take away everything because of a better business deal and the idea of power and money is enough to make them--"
Considering that Howard and Maria are out for the day, you're caught off guard when you hear the doorbell ring overhead.
“Cap!" Tony’s posture straightened and he turned to the entranceway, smiling at what he saw. "Steve. Hey."
“Yep,” Tony replied, throwing back a handful of popcorn, "that way we’re in each other’s company but don’t have to talk to each other. I mean, you know movies, right? They had those back in your time.”
They broke into laughter until it faded and sat in silence, the credits still rolling, neither of them knowing what they were now waiting for.
. Looking around this tower and feel like it couldn't get more impressive than it is and then I'm proven wrong. But you don't... Sometimes I think you don't care what happens to you as long as the mission gets done. I just want to feel like I can work with you. As a team member."
Was Tony concerned that he was going to react badly because of a movie? That he wouldn’t be able to handle seeing some other guy get caught up in a plane crash?
Steve was soon introduced to a movie where a grandfather was reading his grandson a story of a couple named Buttercup and Westley. Buttercup, a plucky common girl who liked to pester the farmhand, Westley, who didn't talk beyond 'As you wish.'
Jarvis? Oh, uh, sorry, then," Steve's ears go pink. "I mean, that would make sense because Tony's mentioned--I mean, nothing... Uh... This is Tony's house, right? Or, I guess, manor?"
But the new king refused. “I don’t want you to serve me, good blacksmith.” the King pulled the Blacksmith before him. “For I love you too dearly as well. It would make more sense to stand beside me and help me rule this kingdom. Think to marry me.”
Steve briefly wondered how Natasha would react to Tony’s movie choice if she was here. A selfish part of Steve wanted to make sure he never found out.
“Highness, let me be a servant to you," The Blacksmith bowed his head. "And I would do my best to follow and serve.”
You are polishing the silverware down in the kitchen when the wall phone rings. Setting the utensils down, you briskly pick up the phone.
Rhodey was barely a foot inside the gym again when Tony was there, grasping at his biceps to stop him from entering further.
“Not a sword? Impossible!” The Blacksmith exclaimed. “Why, Stranger, if you don’t need a sword then what use am I to you? I can only make swords.”
Rhodey was eating a late breakfast when Tony wandered inside. He fumbled for the fridge and opened to pull out a yogurt cup. He caught Tony telltale signs of a sleepless night with sex-fluffed hair, bruised spots on his neck, and a self-satisfied smile.
"You'd watch it for me? Even after barely getting through the last one? Gee, that's swell of you, Tony.”
“That’s all, Jarvis, I got it from here,” Tony says breathlessly, seeming to have sprinted down here. “You can go--butler somewhere else. Please?” He puts the phone up to his ear. “Steve? Yeah, hey,
Rogers was turned away from them, rubbing the back of his flushed neck and staring at the corner of the ceiling. He looked one step away from whistling in forced nonchalance.
“Now, now, that wasn't on purpose. It was a complete accident--Did you not watch the movie? Because I am ready to defend animated toy cowboy, Sheriff Woody."
Steve felt like he did something wrong. “I… I heard the main lead is a good actor. Tom Hanks, right?” He refrained from pulling out his phone and attempting to look it up. (Navigating the internet through his phone was still a work in progress.)
(After they depart, you find the disposed of flowers shoved inside the umbrella rack nearby the front door.)
You swear if Tony kept a diary and if you looked into its contents, you would find this ‘Steve’ all over it.
Kicked out, you attempt to recuperate as you move to a different place in the manor. Tony managed to make contact despite his impartial outlook on high school. Maybe you underestimated that Tony has the tendency of getting what he wants.
Steve looked away so that Tony didn’t see his smile was bigger than necessary. When he managed to taper down his smile, he added, "And, hey, when we go… can we go in
The door opens with a flourish and your nose is hit with the smell of hair products and cologne. The room has clothes piled on the floor and bed and the full-length mirror that tends to stay in the corner of the room was pulled out.
Steve gulps. “I, I’ve uh, come to pick up Tony,” his voice cracks again, a tick exposing his nerves.
“Actually, yes, because they made another installment in this series. And unlike Sherlock, I have a flying suit.”
Rhodey opened his mouth to speak but Tony already escaped the gym. He already had a bad feeling about this.
“Because you wouldn’t,” Tony says with unsure confidence. “I know you wouldn’t. You know how important Steve is to me.”
With that, Steve tipped them over to crash into the couch, manhandling Tony to lay on his back. Steve crawled on top of Tony, pulled off his shirt, and tossed it behind him before bending down to drag more delightful sounds out of Tony.
The boy looks at you as if he can’t believe that you’re making him say it aloud. If he didn’t want to run into this situation then he shouldn’t have interrupted your quiet night.
As he walked towards his room, the bet reappeared in his head and there was a thought that he shouldn’t have done that.
mess in college. And I didn’t see those people again. And I’ve completely stopped since Iron Man. And, like, this…” Tony leaned forward and lowered his voice, “this is Cap we’re talking about.”
“The Evil Warlock?” another townsperson gasped. “But didn’t the Prince swear he was never one to hold a sword?”
One day, a handsome, golden-haired Stranger entered his workshop. The Stranger seemed different from the Blacksmith’s usual patrons, for he radiated such a great sense of valor that the Blacksmith never encountered before.
“Prince, that can wait, for I have made something for you that I labored with love. A work that is not a sword that you can use in battle. A shield!”
Making way to the front of the manor, you go through a mental index of who knew this address and holds enough nerve to visit. It couldn't be that Stane fellow again, could it? You wanted to have a nice afternoon.
Steve knocked his elbow into Tony's arm in a playful protest. Tony returned the nudge with a lopsided grin. They continued until they dissolved into laughter and Steve, in between laughs, said to stop so they could continue watching.
sorry about that. Anyway, about the project?” He leans against the wall and unconsciously wraps the cord around his finger. "Yeah, I'm free whenever, it's up to you. Yeah… yeah...”
The next day, the Stranger returned to the workshop and asked, “Good Blacksmith, may I request a work that is not a sword? I need it for battle.”
