The last thread of Dean’s patience snaps. Suddenly and violently.
Dean rubs his hands down his thighs, unable to reassure Cas. He doesn’t want to lie. Doesn’t think Cas wants to know the truth. Dean doesn’t really want to acknowledge the truth himself. There’s a tiny part of him that thinks maybe when he flew out of there on his motorcycle, he wasn’t entirely sure he was planning on going back.
“But I want the beach house.”
Dean’s too old to be dealing with this bullshit.
“Okay,” Cas says, hesitantly. “So, we shared perhaps the hottest ten minutes of my life and then you ran away. What happened?”
“Deal,” Dean agrees.
“Dean...” Mary shoots him a grateful smile.
“Marvin... Marvin Metatron.”
Dean skips breakfast. In a place like Fairdale, gossip spreads quicker than wildfire and he’s sure his car crash of an outing last night is already common knowledge. He’ll have to show his face sooner or later but later suits him just fine.
“I’m sorry, what was that Whinechester?”
“So,” Dean says, eating his own eggs. “The guy last night?”
“So, my question is for Mr. Elba,” Dean starts, trying to keep his smirk out of his voice. There’s already a whisper snaking through the hall. “Don’t you think that Batman is getting... I don’t know... kind of long in the tooth? That maybe it’s time he hung up his shiny cape and pointy ears and let someone a little younger, a little better-looking, a little better
“So, you just walked out? You didn’t ask for help? Or talk to Dad? You just left?”
“When you left, last night, I thought... I was worried that you wouldn’t be coming back.”
They’re trying the library again for this introduction. Dean has discovered that he actually likes it there. It’s a peaceful sanctuary away from the constant do-gooding nosiness of every inhabitant of the Den trying to
The place is trashed. The sofa slashed. Television smashed. Red paint, Dean hopes, hurled across every surface.
Charlie gives him another hug before pushing him towards the stairwell. She doesn’t ask what thing in the conservatory which leads Dean to suspect she knows and that’s why she just happened to be hanging around outside Dean’s door in time to catch him.
“That isn’t my home anymore, Lisa. I never liked that house in the first place. I told you when you insisted we move there that it was too big and too pretentious and it felt more like a museum than a family home. Ben and I were perfectly happy in the old place. It was you who wanted a more prestigious address, so you’re more than welcome to move Meg in.”
Cas make hummus. Dean tries not to laugh. The only thing Cas is capable of making in the kitchen is a mess. Dean should know; he’s tossed out two burnt-useless pans in the past week. He stands up, trying not to wince as his back twinges. “You know what, Cas? If you don’t want me touching your crap maybe you could do us both a favor and just move the fuck out already.”
“My house was filled with strangers. Strange strangers. Who drank my booze, ate my food, and fell asleep in the bathtub. In my en-suite bathroom! I went for a piss in the middle of the night and almost had a freaking coronary.”
“Damnit, Ash, you better not be swinging your hair about in my restaurant again,” Ellen’s voice comes from behind him, closely followed by the woman herself.
“As far as we know the cops haven’t ID’d him. He had a stolen car and was using an alias... pretending to be a pediatrician from North Carolina. Without identifiable remains, I doubt they‘ll trace him.”
“Then how the hell did they find out?”
Benny has the good sense to blush. “Okay, I won’t say it. Don’t make it any less true though. We can feel it. We’ve been happy enough, the three of us, up until now. But as soon as we met you, we knew you were the last piece of our puzzle. You’re perfect, Dean. Everything we didn’t even know we were waiting for. And we think we can be everything you need. Everything you want. If you just give us a chance.”
At this point Dean can’t even tell if they’re alphas or normals; his senses are in overdrive, overwhelmed, all he can smell is danger. Whoever, whatever, they are, they’re big guys. Taller than Dean and Abaddon both, with thick necks and muscles bulging out from their shirt sleeves.
“I need to get my shit together.” Dean shrugs. “I figured some R and R might help.”
“Dean,” Cas starts to say and then curses as Dean tries to push himself to his feet. He makes it, just, but only thanks to Cas and Benny shoring him up at either side. His stomach lurches as the room tilts and sways around him, but after the initial wave of dizziness passes, the urge to hurl thankfully recedes.
Dean, face hot and head spinning, finds himself staring up at Cain mutely.
Dean shakes his head. Even though there’s nothing he’d like more.
They exchange a glance that says I love you and I’m here for you and holy shit, what the fuck are we doing, far more eloquently than a Hollywood writer could manage with ten pages of script. And then Dean opens the restaurant door.
There’s a spur of the moment wrap party which turns out to be a lot livelier than the original pre-planned one months ago when Marv finished filming. Everyone seems a lot more cheerful, optimistic that the movie isn’t going to end up bombing miserably at the box office. Even though Dean’s drained and Cas makes no secret of the fact he wants to whisk him off home straightaway, they stay for a few hours, long enough to exchange a few words with all the crew and arrange for one of the stuntmen to drop off Dean’s motorcycle at his house. He’s     drunk a few beers and he’s tired and Cas is watching him like a hawk so he figures it’s the sensible thing to do.
“Sure we are.” Gordon says. “Dean was just telling me about his ex-wife.”
It’s even harder than he thought it would be to leave his family behind. To leave Sammy behind. Dean has to pull over and stop at the side of the road just fifteen miles outside town to talk himself down from a panic attack. He’s doing the right thing. He knows he is. He’s doing the only thing he can do. But that doesn’t stop his hands from shaking and the tears from pooling in his eyes. It takes nearly twenty minutes, a good cry (that he will never confess to anyone) and a lot of deep breathing before he’s finally on his way again, Metallica vibrating through his bones and drowning out his thoughts.
Cas laughs, his warm breath tickling Dean’s neck. Then he grabs Dean’s hand and leads him back up the beach towards their house. “Come on, Dean. Let’s go home.”
Dean hates fighting with Cas. Really hates it. Thankfully, it’s not something that happens very often. In fact, in the two years they’ve been together he can count the number of serious arguments they’ve had on one hand. Most of them have been over him working too hard and not looking after himself, or Cas throwing himself into a situation that nearly got him killed. They fight because they love each other, because they care and they worry. Normally, there’s shouting, swearing and a bit of door slamming. Normally they make-up before they go to bed. Or even better in bed. Neither of them has ever stormed out before.
“I tried, I promise. I tried to talk to your dad, but he didn’t understand. He thought I was just tired. Just frustrated because he was working so much and I was stuck with a colicky baby and a demanding four-year-old. He thought my unhappiness would pass. That I just needed time.”
“Or,” he says, ignoring the dark look that Cas gives him. “And I’m just putting this out there, you could slam your foot on the gas, drive me back to yours, and Cain, Benny, you and me could have a little fun.”
Dean storms out of the church hall, very aware of the gasps and shocked stares following in his wake.
So he does. He texts. Like the coward he is. Tells Cas he’s leaving. The house is his for the night. The coast is clear to bang whoever he wants on the living room sofa. He thinks, once he’s sent it, that it might sound a touch on the bitter side. Hopefully, Cas just thinks it’s because Dean’s fed up with finding suspicious stains on the furniture.
And anyway, Dean knows he has to put on his big boy pants sooner or later so he figures he might as well get it over with.
Dean hates those damn things. The idea and the taste of them. Looking down at his  stomach though, he figures he might have to consider some kind of diet soon. Or maybe just stop drinking. And he definitely needs to find another gym because he’s sure as hell not going to be able to show his face in Lisa’s ever again.
Cas sighs as though it’s the biggest effort in the world to climb onto the motorcycle behind Dean, but he does it anyway, gently wrapping his arms around Dean’s bare stomach and pressing a kiss to the side of his neck.
“Why did Mommy leave? Did we do something bad?”
Dean’s not exactly relaxed when Alastair starts taking pictures but his head is kind of buzzing and it’s enough to follow his orders without complaining.
“You realize you’re supposed to knock on the door before you open it,” Cas says, archly.
And just as quickly as it flared, Dean’s temper turns to ashes. He has no choice here. Dean knows Zachariah would be happy to cause trouble for Ellen, and apparently Uriel is a big enough dick to take advantage of that.
“You won’t…”
“And I get to deal with Dad’s drunk ass all on my own.”
“Exactly. Is that enough for you?”
“Castiel,” Uriel sneers. “Mind your own business.”
“So,” Sam says. “What are you gonna do with your vacation time?”
“What the fuck ever,” Dean grumbles into his coffee mug. “You’re not planning on staying here though, right?”
Dean takes a gulp of air and straightens up from where he’s bent over with his hands on his knees.
“Funny, I thought I was happy,” Dean says. “But then I also thought I had a faithful wife so I guess I’ve been known to be wrong.”
“You did try,” Dean says. Because he has thought this over, and when he’s honest with himself he knows he’s been avoiding serious conversations with Cas and Sam for weeks now.
“Hey, Ash,” Dean says, removing his glasses, but leaving his hat tipped down over his face. “Don’t tell me Ellen let you out front?”
“I’m fine,” Dean says, then adds, somewhat stilted. “Thank you.” He’s waiting for the lecture. It comes from Benny beside him on the back seat.
Dean huffs and shrugs his shoulders. “Don’t know what I want, Ellen.” It’s as close to the truth as he’ll admit. What he wants is exactly what Benny, Cas and Cain are offering. The problem is, he doesn’t know if he can have it. If he should even try. Not when the chances of it blowing up, not just in his face but in everyone’s, seems so high.
“Out!” Gunner points towards the door.
Medical history, family medical history (no, Dean doesn’t know if his great grandmother was an omega, sue him), education, work, dating, sexual history! And that’s all before the psychological tests (it’s not a test, Dean, just an indicator of your personality type, there are no wrong answers. Pfft… there are always wrong answers in Dean’s experience.)
“What?” Cas says, as if he doesn’t know perfectly well what Dean’s talking about. “You mean my Halloween party? That wasn’t wild, Dean. There were barely two dozen people there and most of them were my yoga students.”
Benny swoops Dean into his arms, kisses the spluttered complaints from his lips and leads him around the floor as sure-footed as if he’d been doing it all his life. Dean tries very hard not to stand on his toes and definitely not to be charmed.
Cas may have a point.
Meg shifts on her seat. Lisa looks like she’s about to burst into tears.
“Your nose is still super sensitive, huh?” Charlie asks, handing Dean a glass, which Dean hopes is full of something stronger than water. He takes a sip. It is not. He lifts the glass and glares mournfully at it. Charlie smirks. “Hydration is key, Dean.”
When he finally straightens up, he finds Cas standing in the kitchen doorway staring at him, guilt hovering in his eyes.
If Dean didn’t know better he’d call the expression on Cas’ face a pout. It’s impossible not to find it adorable.
“Good God,” Cas yells, something else he never does. “You still talk about him like he was some kind of superhero. He was a pathetic excuse for a grown man who couldn’t face his responsibilities. He’s the one who dragged you around the country for no good reason. He’s the one who left you without enough food or money. He’s the one—”
“No?” Dean says, arching a brow at Ellen. “You sure?”
Before the alphas can complain or Dean can make his escape however, Charlie is in front of him, a determined look on her face. “You owe me a dance, Winchester.”
“So, if we aren’t going out in a blaze of glory, do I at least get my happy ending?” Dean asks, shivering when Cas mouths a kiss to his nape.
Cas rains a litany of kisses across the ridge of Dean’s shoulder blades and then the heat of his body drifts away as he shuffles further down the lounger and his fingers inch a little lower. Sliding under the waistband of Dean’s perfectly respectable swim shorts. Massaging lotion into the meat of Dean’s ass despite the fact he’s unlikely to catch the sun there.
“We should discuss this at home,” Cas says. When Dean turns to him, he’s staring pointedly at Sam rather than Dean.
“I’m not starting any
“How? How the hell did the press find out?” Dean asks, only Cas’s firm touch on the back of his neck stopping him from snapping to his feet. No more than a handful of people know about Mary’s reappearance and there’s no way any of them would talk to the press. There’s only one obvious person who could have blabbed. The question is why would she? Why now?
“So, tell me what happened again. Exactly.” Dean demands.
“Look, dude,” Dean says, as affably as he can manage, in an attempt to deescalate the situation. “You’re obviously not a fan, but maybe we can—”
Unwilling to explain what Crowley was saying, or why he was leaning in so closely, Dean goes on the defensive, and changes the subject.
No, Dean doesn’t have any idea where Cas’ phone is actually. Probably under a pile of dirty laundry in Cas’ bedroom. “I haven’t touched your stupid cellphone. Unlike you, I’m not that fucking petty.”
Dad shakes his head. “What’s crawled up Sam’s ass this time? Jesus, that kid’s a little punk right now. If I’d talked to my dad the way Sam talked to me, he’d have whipped my ass good.”
Sam’s switch from business manager to kid brother is perceptible. He shuffles his feet, and runs his fingers through his hair in a poker-tell that he’s never been able to hide. “Listen, Dean, before we go, can we talk for a few minutes?”
“That, my man, is where you’re wrong,” Ash says, turning his head with a flourish. “This haircut is the shizzle, man... all business up front, party in the back.”
“Look, man,” Dean says. “I think maybe you’ve had enough to drink. Why don’t we call you a cab.”
“Your guardian angel seems to have deserted you, pumpkin,” his captor croons, pressing the edge of the knife into the soft dip of Dean’s belly. His eyes light up when Dean can’t help but grunt in pain. “You thought he’d come flying in here to rescue you from my dastardly clutches just in the nick of time, didn’t you?”
“Spread your legs wider, Dean. Let me see your hole, kiddo. Come on, don’t be shy. Wider, that’s it, now tilt your hips up... lick your finger and touch yourself... just the rim, kiddo, you can do it. That’s it... look at you... that feels good, doesn’t it, baby? Now fuck your fist and suck on your fingers, good boy. Come on, suck your fingers for me baby, just like you’re blowing your boyfriend’s big dick, that’s it.”
“You’re not my bodyguard, Cas,” Dean says, tiredly. “It’s not your job.”
“Hey, pretty boy, I’m talking to you.”
“Dean, I’m not trying to hurt your feelings, but you need to accept the fact that you're an omega.”
Well, not really
“Not this kind of club,” Dean says, his eyebrows at his hairline. The only club he’s been in before was a dive bar compared to this. And the worst Dean had done there was jerk off another guy in the men’s room. Here, there’s a girl down on her knees sucking a guy off in the middle of the dance floor and no one seems to care. Least of all Crowley.
“Are you going to come for me, sweetheart? Going to come like the naughty little slut you are?”
“All part of the job. Got to keep an eye on things. Make sure our omegas are being given every opportunity to meet a suitable match.”
Charlie narrows her eyes at him. “So, what if I am?”
“You don’t worry it would hurt your career? Flaunting the fact that you’re in a relationship with a man?”
Sam shrugs. “I think so. I mean... yeah. Yeah, I do.”
“Peachy,” Dean snaps, because he’s not a damsel in distress and he doesn’t need saving. Not even by a handsome alpha who smells mouth-wateringly like freshly baked pie crust. “I was just leaving.”
“Hey, I’m not whiny.”
“Four,” Dean says, popping another chocolate brownie into his mouth and making a noise that he’ll admit is too close to orgasmic to make in public. God, he seriously needs to find out who does all the baking in this place and marry them straight away.
“Hey,” Cas says, his hands carding through Dean’s hair. “You don’t have to…”
“No, but at least it’s made this Christmas memorable.” Cas grins.
“Are you attempting to toast those bread rolls with the power of your mind?”
She texts back straightway. Tells him not to worry. Everything’s fine. Talk later.
But, the more Dean gets to know Cas, the more he digs down beneath the flaky pot-smoking, arty, exterior, the more Dean finds himself appreciating what a genuinely good guy Cas actually is. Spunk stains on the sofa notwithstanding.
“Dean!” His father’s voice breaks through the melancholy of the moment. “You better get your ass in gear if you want to make it by nightfall.”
That takes a moment to process.
“Hey, I have breakfast,” Dean says, dodging the question.
Dean knows this thing with Benny on Christmas Eve isn’t a date. It’s a bunch of friends meeting up to have a few drinks, eat junk food, and relax. That doesn’t stop the butterflies from fluttering nervously around his stomach when Benny texts him the time and place, “hope to see you there” and a smiley face.
Cas bites at his lip for a moment, obviously carefully formulating his response. “I have been concerned about you. The not sleeping, the barely eating, the anxiety I know you’ve been hiding. And I guess... I guess I acted more like your bodyguard than your boyfriend. Your partner. I should have discussed my concerns with you, not with Sam.”
He does wake up grinding into the mattress, his dick already awake and horny thanks to the very pleasant dream he was having of Cas holding him down and fucking him over the back of the sofa. Dean comes quickly, with a shuddering groan, before his brain can remind his dick of how fucked up it is.
“Are they working?”
Dean can barely see past the tears streaming from his eyes, but he hears Cas curse. “Fuck, sorry, sorry.”
“Black coffee is not breakfast.”
“Hey, I’m not a goddamn fag,” the old guy barks back.
Dean nods in return. He has to trust that Cas is being honest. He does trust Cas.
“No,” Dean says, throwing himself at Cas, shoving him off Marv’s beaten body, and rolling them across the floor so Dean’s lying on top of him. “You’ve never failed me. Not once. You’ve always saved me. Always been there for me.”
“Man, you’re a buzzkill,” Ash says, giving Dean’s shoulder a commiserating pat. “What’s the problem, bro?”
Dean thunks his head back against his sun lounger. At least this argument is taking place beside the pool. It’s a change of scenery for the same old fight.
“Okay, Winchester, spill.”
Even Cas shares a confused look with Dean halfway through her rambling. All Dean can do is shrug his shoulders in response.
“There’s nothing wrong with my back,” Dean says, wincing, as he sits down.
Idris seems to feel the same way, hauling Dean into a rough hug and grinning widely. They exchange ‘good jobs’ and ‘nice work’ with an apparently mutual sense of giddy relief.
“I’m a grown ass man,” Dean bites back. “I can take care of myself.”
“I bet we can make you come without even taking them off,” Benny adds.
He doesn’t need anyone to fight his battles for him, but it’s nice to find that someone has his back.
That is the fucking issue, Dean wants to say. “Maybe... maybe we could hang around a while longer,” he chances instead. “Sam’s doing real good here. And I’m... I’m doing okay too. I’ve even managed to haul my grades up.”
“I’m sorry,” Cas says. “Did you say
“Watch your tone, Son.”
Dean stares after Benny as he leaves, turning back and winking at Dean as he heads towards the bar. An indecent proposal isn't quite what Dean was expecting tonight. But he can’t say the idea of a threesome with Benny and Carmen isn’t fucking hot.
“Dean, do you know anything about alphas and omegas, seriously?”
Dean locks the door behind him, takes off his leather jacket, tosses it over the back of a chair and walk slowly towards the sofa. “Cas?”
And fuck him. Dean hasn’t always been the most confident actor in the world, but he’s proud of the work he’s put into playing Jason Todd. He knows it’s not his fault Marv’s movie sucks.
The sun lounger groans, Cas pants, and Dean whimpers with every thrust. Cas’s face flushes red, sweat dripping down his hairline onto Dean’s chest.
“Do you think,” Cas starts to ask. “Never mind.”
Figures. First grade teachers and their dumb ideas.
Charlie slaps his shoulder. “Don’t be like that. I’m just surprised. Alpha and omega biology is usually covered at least basically in most schools.”
“Dude, no. Aaron couldn’t scare a kitten. No, man. Just… no.”
Given the bruise on his jaw, he doesn’t bother shaving. He does make a bit of an effort when he dresses though. It just feels wrong not to on Christmas Day, even if it is just gonna be him and Cas sitting in front of the television eating junk food all day. He doesn’t go quite as far as wearing dress pants but he puts on a pair of black jeans and his dark red henley. Not dressy, but not too shabby either.
Dean is ready to leap out of the car and into the house as soon as they arrive back at Fairdale. He wants a hot shower to wash Uriel’s stomach-turning stench off his skin as quickly as possible. When Dean yanks at the door handle, however, he discovers that Uriel has locked the car doors.
Benny, as always, isn’t fooled for a second. “You’re adorable,” he says, against the crook of Dean’s neck, right over his mating mark. One of his mating marks at least. He also has a more discreet one from Cain slightly lower down on the back of his neck, and one decidedly lower down on his left ass cheek. Because, contrary to what his conservative suits and polite manner suggest, Cas is kinky fucker, without a shred of subtlety, who likes to mark his territory.
He showered in his trailer, washed away the dirt and death of Jason Todd. The annoyances of a lousy day. But the cool water did nothing to soothe the itch crawling across his skin. Underneath his skin.
Sam slumps under Dean’s arm, the petulance and anger draining out of him all at once. “I know. I just wish you didn’t have to go.”
“Yeah, and I’m not even normal for an omega.”
Dean nods. He can live with that. A few weeks off now should be enough time to get his shit together. Or at least start to deal with it. “Thanks, Sam. I appreciate it.”
The worst thing is, Chuck still requested a second date. Dean does not understand alphas at all.
“It’s not fair,” Sam says, trying to kick a stone just like Dean did, but only succeeding in scuffing the toes of his sneakers instead.
Dean takes a drink instead.
raise him. You have been his brother, his father and his mother. You have always been there for him and you are undoubtedly the biggest parental influence he has ever had. He loves you very much. Your mother reappearing will not change that.”
Sam stills beside him, says low and placating, “Dean, please.”
“They’re good people though,” he adds when it’s clear Dean’s not going to comment. “Carmen helped Benny through his shit-show of a divorce. His ex Andrea screwed him over good. Took his house, half his cash, even his damn dog. Benny tells me you’re recently divorced too?”
“What was that all about?” Cas growls.
“So,” Dean says, trying to make conversation, seeing as how Cas seems content to hang around. “What are you doing here anyway? You in the market for an omega?”
“I figured,” Dean says, snide, he’s being an asshole. He knows he is, but he can’t seem to stop himself.
Dean beelines for the sofa when he’s safely inside, collapsing onto his back with a relieved sigh. When he looks up Sam’s staring down at him with a constipated expression on his face. Given all the fiber he eats, Dean doubts his brother-slash-manager-slash-lawyer-slash-big brooding pain in the ass, is actually constipated which can only mean one thing; he’s about to bitch Dean out.
Dean has mentioned Cas’s odd behavior to Sam, just casually, in passing. And Sam’s helpful brotherly advice: “Don’t be an idiot all your life, Dean.”
Last night, Dean had been thinking with his dick, and his nose, maybe even with his heart, but not with his brain.
“They totally would if they were around now,” Dean counters.
“Dean is no one’s plaything,” Cain says. “And he’s under our protection. I advise you to stand back and let him pass.”
When the knock on his door comes, Dean despondently shouts for whoever it is to go away. When it becomes more insistent, he gives up and yells at them just to come the hell in already. He figures it’s Charlie, coming to kick his ass for being so fucking stupid. Or maybe Ellen coming to yell at him some more.
Sniffing wetly, Sam wipes the back of his hand across his snotty nose. An act, by the way, that Dean finds just as disgusting now as he did when Sam was a grubby toddler. “Maybe you’ll find an alpha around here.”
Matt, the guy he’s been playing pool with for the past hour, is at the bar buying a couple of beers. He’s already down twenty bucks thanks to Dean’s skills with the pool cue, but Dean’s thinking about making it up to him soon in the men’s room with another of his skills.
“Or perhaps, someone
With a needy whimper, Dean kisses him back, his fingers clutching at Benny’s shirt to stop him from pulling away. Benny responds with far more heat this time. A possessiveness in his kiss that leaves Dean hot and flushed all over.
Charlie’s smile falters. “What? No, I mean, I don’t want to just leave you and Sam.”
“I’m fine, thank you, Dean.” Cas’s reply is stiff, his expression relentlessly neutral. “Perhaps we could talk in private.”
Dean takes two deep breaths before opening his eyes and lifting his head. Around him the sound stage bursts to life, the heavy silence of his drawn-out death quickly buried below the commotions of the crew rushing to lunch.
“I was only asking, asshat.”
Dean spends most of dinner complaining to Charlie about how badly the afternoon went. She has a few tales of disastrous first dates that make him feel both a little better and a little more worried about what he might still have to go through.
After everything that’s happened in the past few weeks, every trial and test, every annoyance, this is what sends him hurtling over the edge. This is the final straw.
There are lights popping behind Dean’s eyes, but that doesn’t stop him from making a run for it when Uriel lets go of him to unlock the side door.
“I’ve told Sam I want to take time off,” Dean says. “Now. After today. Not next year.”
“I am?”
“Pretty ironic that I was such a dick to you about Claire not being your kid when the odds are that Ben probably isn’t even mine.”
The look Crowley gives him is withering. “Don’t bullshit a bullshitter, Dean. I need actors on top of their game, not a has-been who lives on nicotine and whisky. You can’t keep this up.”
Dean half sits-up, hand curling around Cas’s neck, holding him right where he is. “I don’t care. Fuck me now.” The kiss he lays on Cas, searing hot and open-mouthed dirty, leaves absolutely no room for discussion.
Cas slaps the back of Dean’s head, before draping his arm around his shoulders. “No, you’re not. And I don’t like it when you put yourself down like that. You’re the best person I know.”
talk about it. And you’re
“Sorry,” Dean replies. Cas sounds pissed.
Then Dean turns to Zachariah. “And if you try and fuck with Ellen, I’ll make sure everyone knows what a creep you are. Does the welfare agency approve of you being a member of this Alpha-supremacist church? Do they know?”
“It’s been an enjoyable afternoon,” Cas says. “You are just as amazing as I suspected.”
“There’s a difference?”
Dean schools his features to look as stern as possible. Not easy while he’s fisting his dick with Cas standing, naked and beautiful, watching him.
but it’s not like he can disagree. And it’s true that Lisa and Meg both work incredibly hard. Even now that their business is well established nationwide and has made them both millionaires a dozen times over, the pair of them still put in as many hours as ever. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that Lisa spends far more time with her business partner than with Dean. Not the Dean grudges it, of course. He’s happy to support Lisa in whatever she does.
And while he respects that, he wishes he’d had at least a say in how justice should be meted out to Alastair. That Cas had talked to him about it instead of wrestling with the decision on his own.
Dean swallows back his irritated groan. With supreme effort, he manages to produce what he thinks is a generously polite response. “Thanks, but I don’t think that’s a good idea, dude.”
“You expect me to believe that?” After all the other shit you pulled?”
“It’s not my acting that’s the problem,” Dean says through gritted teeth. “The studio isn’t demanding reshoots because of my acting.”
“Good god, boy, since when did you care so much about normal?” Ellen sighs deeply. “As long as no one is getting hurt, and all of you, and I mean, all of you, are happy, then what’s the problem?”
Cas’s possessiveness is normally a bit of a turn on for Dean. He’d never shout about it, but secretly he enjoys feeling like he’s important enough to Cas for him to care that much, and usually Cas never steps over the line into douchebag territory. Usually. He’s hovering there right now though.
“Halfway through a sentence. Like a Jane Austin character. You swooned. It was very dramatic”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas replies, a red flush crawling up his neck. “I’m sorry, but the sofa seems to be a little clingy.”
They would probably go on dodging each other for longer but Sam keeps sending Dean photos of Grace being adorable and Dean really needs to show them to someone who’ll appreciate them. He tries sending a couple of pictures to Ben, but the kid is plainly less than impressed by his baby cousin.
Dean’s opportunity to strike comes a few days after the idea hits him. Cas is out for most of the afternoon thanks to yet another lawyers meeting which gives Dean time to prepare. By the time Cas gets home, there are three sausage dogs and a swan on the coffee table, a mutant giraffe on the sofa along with several deformed monkeys, and the floor is littered with what Dean is going to call snakes.
Cas’s arms tighten around him. “I know you’ve had a rough day, but we should talk.”
Dean coughs and fidgets with the collar of his tee-shirt. “Too soon?”
Dean has been on them since the early signs that his first heat was about to hit when he was fifteen. He hadn’t wanted the humiliation of going through a heat then. He doesn’t especially want to go through one ever.
“Good work today, Dean,” he says, cat-got-the-cream pleased smile on his face. “You really yanked it up a gear.”
“Hey,” Cas shouts from the kitchen. “Did you throw out my chickpeas?”
“So, what is this?” Dean asks, looking down at their clasped hands.
“That’s what I thought,” Cain says, his eyebrow quirked knowingly.
Dean presumes he’s being sarcastic. Even someone as socially inept as Dean can tell that the atmosphere is tense enough to cut with a blunt knife. Most of the people close by are staring in their direction after Cas’ outburst.
Dean’s trembling... anger, fear, adrenaline, coursing through his system. Time flickering like a bad dream at the edge of his consciousness. Cas takes a step towards him, hurt flickering in his eyes when Dean takes a step back.
Dean sighs.
“Den,” Sam huffs. “No one even really knows what goes on in those places. For all we know they're just going to auction your ass off to the highest bidder.”
There’s silence for a moment before Cas throws up his hands. “Fine.”
“Trust me, Dean, you aren’t the only one keen to get on with things,” Cain says, tightly. “But this is a marathon, not a sprint.”
Cas can’t hide his smile. “Perhaps.”
“Goodbye, Dean,” Cas calls after them. “I hope to see you soon.”
Dean attempts to keep his voice level. “The last-minute change of schedule wasn’t my fault. Plus, there’s security on set. There always is. You know that.”
“Well, aren’t you just delectable?” Alastair grins. It makes his gaunt face look even more skeletal.
Cain tilts his head. “You may be correct. Although both would certainly be entertaining.”
playing games,” Cas says, thoughtfully. “Anonymous emails? Professional level stalking skills? I wonder if Alastair was behind them? This could certainly have been part of whatever sick game he was back to play.”
“Would be worth it though.” Benny winks at him before he leaves.
mold!”
He shifts from one pose to the next. All positions Alastair likes. Dean draped over the hay bale, chin in his hands, ass in the air. Leaning back on his elbows, lips open, eyes closed.
“Then what is it, Dean?”
?” Dean splutters. “You know how many hours of work I put into this place? The months I spent here fixing it up?”
“That’s what I said, Sam.” Dean lays his helmet down on the coffee table in his trailer and combs his fingers through his flattened hair. He probably looks like death warmed over but he did at least make it to the studio on time. He might be a headcase but he tries to be a reliable headcase. He’d driven straight here only to find Sam already waiting for him in his trailer. And one of Cas’s guys standing outside the door. Cas is apparently back at the house in case Dean turned up there.
“What the fuck?
Benny's smile falters. “I never said that, never would, so I’d thank you not to put words in my mouth. There’s enough discrimination in the world without hearing it in here.”
“Hey now,” the alpha says, moving with him so he’s still planted between Dean and the door. “Don’t be like that. I haven’t even introduced myself yet.”
“But, Dean, you have to,” Charlie says. “Heat sickness is serious.”
“Sure, it’s ridiculous but it’s not like I’m the one who started it.”
“Sebastian!! Sebastian get back here.”
Despite Cas’s stern expression, Dean can tell he’s thawing just a bit.
Dean’s an idiot. Of course it can.
Dean guesses he’s lucky there wasn’t search parties out combing the state for him.
Dean doesn’t think so. He’s done being a passive participant. Instead of trying to pull away from the alpha, he charges forward, taking her by surprise and unbalancing her. He’s on his feet before she can do anything about it, and this time he’s determined not to let her get close enough to touch him again. But he also doesn’t want to turn his back on her.
Dean sighs. “She would have managed fine without me. But, I always wanted to be a dad, y’know. Figured I could do all the things my old man never did for me. Actually give a shit about the kid. Turn up to school concerts and baseball games and teach them how to ride a bike and shave properly. Not if the kid turned out to be a girl obviously. But I would still have taught a girl how to pitch a baseball and throw a punch.”
“I understand. I’m sorry we damaged your trust. We will do better, I will do better, I promise.”
“Having fun?” He asks with a quirk of his eyebrow that suggests he knows at least a little of what’s going on.
It’s not awkward in the slightest. Even the fact that they’re practically glued together thanks to the worn sway of the sofa cushions isn’t awkward. In fact, it’s pretty nice. Cas smells just as enticing as Dean remembers, and is just as easy to talk to.
Dean wants to say no. He wants to tell Sam bluntly that there’s nothing he wants less than to meet up with the cold-hearted bitch that ruined his childhood. But Sam’s looking at him with big nervous eyes and Dean doesn’t have the heart.
“I’ll wait here for you,” Cas says when he draws up in front of the building. “I think you will be more comfortable spending your heat in the privacy of our home than in your quarters, but you should grab your things. And let Ellen know what is happening. And perhaps,” he hesitates for a moment. “Perhaps, take a few moments, without my scent clouding your judgement, to make sure this is really what you want.”
It would have only taken one, had the last stragglers from Cas’ class not been three octogenarians with two bad hips and a dodgy back between them.
“She’s my mother,” Cas says, as though that’s explanation enough. It’s not. Not for Dean anyway. “My father was emotionally distant my whole life, too wrapped up in his work to spend any time with his children. My relationship with him was already non-existent. But until I was discharged from the army, I had a fairly close relationship with my mother. I miss her.”
“Whatever.” Dean stands up. “I’m done. Call me when you’ve figured this shit out.”
Dean blushes. He does not want to talk about sex while he’s eating. Or trying to eat while his haywire sense of smell sends him into sneezing fits. He doesn’t actually want to speak about sex at all with Charlie.
“Jesus, no,” Benny says. “Of course not. It ain’t like that at all.”
?” Sam spits. Which is apparently the signal for all hell to break loose.
That doesn’t mean that Dean doesn’t spend a great deal of time thinking about it.
“Dean, perhaps your friend’s right. Why don’t you go get checked out? Just in case,”  Benny chimes in, taking hold of Dean’s other arm. “You’re pretty unsteady on your feet there, buddy.”
Dean hums thoughtfully. Lisa and Meg already own a chain of gyms that stretches from one side of the country to the other. As well as having their brand name stamped on protein bars, slimming shakes, and a range of eye-poppingly bright gym wear. There’s surely not much expansion left for them to do.
“Yes, Dean. I was observing him. Obviously, we planned on calling in the authorities, but we needed to figure out what he was up to first and after everything it was.... well, it was tempting to handle the situation myself.”
It’s not until he climbs into the car, slamming the door and leaving Max’s concerned face behind, that Dean starts to feel uncomfortable with the situation himself. The screen is raised between the front and rear seats, which isn’t unusual, the drivers like to give him privacy, but it means he can’t even see who’s driving. Or where they’re going. Especially as it’s still dark outside.
“How dare you,” Uriel says. His eyes are almost popping out of his head, fury turning his scent even more bitter. “You think you can talk to me, a servant of God, like that, you worthless maggot?”
“Well,” Ellen says, looking at Dean lying flushed and breathless amongst the dirty plates on top of the table. “I thought you at least might have some self-restraint, Cain.”
Dean knew he liked Jessica.
He’d skipped out as soon as he saw the chance. Managed to slip out of the grounds with surprising ease. Benny wasn’t lying when he said the security was focused on keeping people out and not in.
“She’s not even your kid,” Dean yells back.
On the one hand, Dean is grudgingly impressed, on the other, he’s Dean Winchester so he’s not going to admit that. “I can handle myself,” he complains, smoothing down the sleeve of his shirt. “I don’t need some macho alpha with a hero complex swooping in to save the day.”
Dean groans dramatically, and not just because that was his third helping of pie. “What for this time?”
Dean looks at the drink in the guy’s hand, and the way he’s waving it about and wonders just how much he’s imbibed already this evening. “Dude, trust me, you’re not. Now move out of my fucking way before I move you.”
Mary nods, unable to speak around her tears.
“I have a concussion,” Dean points out with icy enunciation.
Well, Dean can’t argue with that. He can feel his face flush even though he’s the one who started joking about it. “Okay, okay, can we just agree never to talk about it again? Any of it!”
“I’m just as safe on a motorcycle as—”
“You’ll get used to it, I promise, honey. Those blockers mess with all your senses so much, it just takes a while for your brain and body to adjust when they all come back on line. Another few days and things should even out. In the meantime, rest when you need to, hydrate, and don’t try and tough it out, take the pain meds for your head.”
“While there would be absolutely nothing wrong with Dean visiting a beauty salon, I can assure you that he needs no help to look good. As unbelievable as I’m sure you’ll find it, he really is naturally this pretty.”
They end up in an undignified heap on the floor, giggling like idiots but somehow mainly unsquashed by the bike. Cas immediately starts checking Dean to make sure he isn’t hurt, but if anything, his fingers brushing across Dean’s skin just makes Dean giggle harder.
With that he strolls away, hands in his pockets and chest puffed out like a peacock.
He rolls over, breathing hard and wincing at the sticky mess of his sheet, to find Cas standing open-mouthed at the bottom of his bed with a mug of coffee in hand.
He only stays there for a couple of minutes, just long enough to remind himself that Cas is his best friend, not his boyfriend. And that it’s better all round if that fact remains unchanged.
Cas rolls his eyes at the cheesy line, but can’t hide his own smile as he uses Dean’s chest to push himself to his feet. He holds his hand out for Dean.
“The one lying cold in the ground,” Dean points out icily, cutting short Cas’s rant.
“Yeah, well if you dried off before walking on my damn floor…”
“Well, as long as you promise to treat him right, I don’t have any objections to you marrying my pretty princess of a brother,” Sam says, ignoring Dean’s squawking complaints.
Charlie grins and flicks at the brim of her hat with her wand. “Of course I do. You’re not so bad yourself, Mr. Hood. But, listen...” she spares Cas and Sam a quick glance before carrying on. “You’re not mad at me, right? I mean, I know we’ve talked about my magical tracking or, well, hacking skills.” Charlie wiggles her fingers for emphasis. “But that was on the phone. And you’re a hard guy to read when I’m in the same room as you, never mind a thousand miles away.”
And by entertaining Dean means fucking.
He’s heading back inside when Benny wanders out the door, eyes lighting up when he spots Dean. “We were wondering where you disappeared to.”
“And don’t think I don’t know that you broke the mug Claire bought me!”
“You didn’t scare me,” Dean repeats. “I swear. You never could, Cas. I know you, man.”
“In small doses. So, you don’t really think he’s the one.”
“You don’t know what that is?” She laughs. “Oh baby, you’re so innocent; it’s adorable. They used to have omega rallies all the time back in the good old days when omegas knew their places. There was no nonsense about omegas picking their mates then. We just strapped an O down and let every alpha fuck them. Either they ended up mated, dead or claimed by a pack.”
“Guess we probably should have seen that coming.”
Cas is off his lounger in a second, sun lotion in his hand. Dean blinks up at him, wide-eyed. God, he’s fucking gorgeous. He doesn’t burn and freckle in the sun like Dean, he turns a delicious shade of honeyed gold like he was made to live outdoors in the heat of summer. Dean doesn’t hide how his eyes rake over the intricate trail of tattoos that spread over his arm and chest. Licks his lips when he follows the light trail of hair down his abs—his beautifully toned abs that put Dean’s soft little belly to shame— down to the prominent bulge in his teeny tiny swim shorts.
Cas huffs, spine rigid despite Dean nuzzling against his neck. “I don’t like the way he looks at you,” he eventually admits, jaw so tense Dean’s not sure how the words escaped.
He feels Cain’s eyes trained on him until he turns the corner and disappears up the stairway to his room.
“That’s not what I meant,” Benny stands up too. “I’m screwing this up, Lord, Cain told me to leave it be.”
“Thelma and Louise weren’t exactly—”
The question obviously takes Sam by surprise. “What? No.”
Dean would be lying if he said some of the displays weren’t a turn on. But that still doesn’t mean he’s going to hang around.
Dean isn’t capable of doing much more than grunting in response.
“No,” Dean says, reaching out to grab Cas’ arm. “No, if you go I go.”
Dean can’t find the words to argue with that.
“Why now?” he blurts out suddenly. Sam and Mary stop mid-conversation and stare at him. It’s a reasonable question though. He’s not taking it back. “Why contact us now? I mean... not to blow my own trumpet or anything but I won an Oscar a few years back, my life, our childhood, has been public fodder for years. My damn face has been splashed across billboards and magazine covers. You couldn’t turn on the television without seeing me a couple years back when... when the shit in Scotland went down. You’re not an idiot, you must have figured out who I was. Where we were. How easy it would be to contact us. So, why wait until now?”
dates again, is enough to make Dean feel queasy. He hated that shit when he was a teenager, and he suspects dating is not something that gets easier with age. At least back then he was pretty enough that he never had to make the first move.
Abaddon throws her head back and laughs. “Oh darling, don’t worry. You couldn’t hurt me if you tried.” Then her hand is around his neck, her thumb digging in under his chin, squeezing against his windpipe and her leg pushing between Dean’s thighs.
“Dean, obviously something is wrong.”
“You know what she told me they call motorcyclists in the trauma department?”
“And I guess, for now, this house is big enough for the both of us,” Dean concedes.
“What do you want?” Dean growls, breaking his silence.
Sam and Dean talk too. Less often and with fewer distractions.
“Not so cocky now, are you? Without your bodyguard and brother to fight your battles.”
Dean guffaws, it’s not a noise he ever recalls making before. “Okay, a) never say that again, b) if your room’s rocking it’s gonna be because there’s an earthquake and c) I swore never to go in your bedroom again after the seagull incident.” Dean shudders. “You’re very confident that your date is gonna put out this time. You sure she’s that easy?”
It’s not that Dean
“I didn’t,” she insists, eyes flitting to Cas and back to Dean. Dean isn’t going to explain who Cas is or waste time on introductions. If she knows anything about them, she already knows who he is anyway.
“Yeah, Dad.” Dean shrugs. “I’ve got to go. You don’t want the Omega Welfare department banging on the door again.”
“It’s a sucky superpower,” Dean complains.
If possible, Cas’s muscles tighten even further as he grinds out an unconvincing, “no.” And Dean can practically see the pout on his boyfriend’s face.
“Sorry,” Dean says.
At some point over the past couple of months the little weasel’s egomania has apparently descended into full on mania. The dude’s obviously cracking up. Seeing Marv’s face looking down at him brings Dean sharply back to his senses. He’s sure as shit not going to lie there like a fucking damsel in distress and let a douchebag who can’t even make a decent comic book movie gut him. Dean has standards, damnit.
The subject of his mother is a point of contention between Dean and Cas too.
Dean doesn’t care. Not today. He’s not even sure why he’s going on this stupid date, other than the fact Garth didn’t give him the chance to say no.
“I’m not accusing...” Dean starts to argue before he decides against it. Sam’s right; they need to deal with this shit first. And they need to be on the same side here.
“Well, society usually,” Dean retorts.
Dean laughs, and pours them both another generous shot of vodka. “I guess I could see you as a priest. You’ve got the whole zen thing going on.”
Despite Sam acting like this is nothing out of the ordinary, Dean has a feeling the shit is about to hit the fan.
Cas still isn’t a fan, but other than throwing Crowley the occasional stink-eye, he behaves when he’s hanging around with Dean on set. That’s not as awkward as it could be because Cas apparently has more important things to do than waste his days with Dean right now.
“Obviously not very hard,” Dean scoffs, scrubbing his hand across his face. He doesn’t know what to say. He doesn’t even know what to think. How to feel.
“Well, yeah,” Dean says. “You’ve got the bedhead hair and the eyes. You’re a real catch.” And boy, is it getting warm in here or what, Dean thinks, tugging at his shirt collar. He should have stuck to jeans and a tee-shirt, but he’d figured he should make an effort for once. Not to impress Cain or Benny, but y’know, just because.
Dean smiles and sinks into the warm familiarity of Cas’s aversion to early mornings. “You’re adorable when you’re grumpy.”
“I’m saying you deserve better than some smooth-talkin’ bastard who doesn’t really care about you.”
“It’s at least a three mile walk back to Fairdale. You’re alone. Defenseless. What are the chances of you making it home safe? You think anyone would care if you didn’t? An omega in heat? Out in public. The police wouldn’t even blink if you disappeared. It would be your own fault. Dumb bitch asking for trouble.”
“Yes,” Dean says instantly, shoving Benny towards Cas, even though he suspects Cas actually wanted to take advantage of the fact that Dean was on the dance floor for the first time all night.
“So,” Benny says. “You have much planned for the holiday season?”
Before Dean can protest, yet again, that he’s far from a virgin, thank you very fucking much, or, as he really wants to do, punch Zachariah in the throat, Cas advances on the agent.
Dean whimpers, his brain almost falling offline again.
The day’s filming is cancelled, hardly surprising given the off-script drama, but considering the amount of money the studio must be spending on the director switcheroo and all the reshoots, Dean suspects the pace of filming will increase to make up for it.
It’s not like Dean actually thinks Cas would cheat on him. Not really. Cas is an upright guy, too decent to screw around. But, on the other hand, Dean can be a dick, and hard work. He’s not a picnic to live with, especially lately. He isn’t always the most attentive boyfriend in the world either. Plus, his schedule is so insane that he and Cas rarely manage to go out, and when they do they’re seldom left alone. The fans aren’t too bad, mainly, but the paps are worse than vermin. And harder to get rid of.
Dean sighs. “I… you’re my best friend, Cas. I don’t want to lose you.”
“You’re not the boss of me,” Dean points out.
The sound of Uriel yelling from behind him only makes Dean hasten his pace. And fuck, when did he get so out of shape that a fast walk makes his legs feel unsteady?
“No! Hell, no. Dean, wait...” This time when Benny tries to lay his hand on Dean’s arm, Dean slaps it away, ignoring the flash of hurt in the alpha’s eyes.
It takes some serious brain-racking but eventually Dean has an epiphany. Ben’s seventh birthday party is memorable for many reasons. Sam’s hilarious attempts to avoid the clown for the whole afternoon is one of them. Cas’ reaction to the clown’s party trick, the other.
Mary bites at her lip before admitting. “And someone emailed me. Anonymously. Told me that you would be amenable to meeting me. Sent me Sam’s home address. I figured… maybe it was a friend of yours.”
Cas tilts his head. “You’re not wrong.”
Dean sits back and watches Mary talk. Sam appears to be listening intently as she neatly summarizes two decades of her life, her career, her travels, but all Dean can think about is his childhood. His shitty childhood, and his broken Dad, and his motherless brother.
“No, absolutely not.”  Dean won’t have his and Lisa’s problems fuck up Ben’s future. That’s the exact opposite of what he wants for his son. “You’ve dreamt about this for years, kiddo. And you love it there, don’t you?”
Dean tries not to hide his dick behind his hands. He told Alastair he was a professional model; he needs to stop acting like a scared kid. “Where do you want me?”
“Dean…”
Dean tugs self-consciously at his flannel shirt, feeling horribly underdressed. Cain is as perfectly put together as always. He’s not wearing a suit jacket but he has on a crisp white shirt, dark tie and a navy vest that skims his body perfectly. If it wasn’t for the way his greying hair fell in wild waves around his face, he might look severe. As it is, he’s intimidating in a way that Dean finds unspeakably hot.
“If I go on this date with Uriel, will I have blown my chances with you and Benny and Cas?” Dean asks, plainly.
Marv stops mid-word and turns his scathing glare on Dean. “I’m sorry? Did you want something, Winchester?”
“Why didn’t you tell us about that?” Sam asks.
“What about you?” Cas asks, softly. “Is Sam the only family you have? No grandparents? Aunts and Uncles?”
Honestly, Dean would love to. But, as much as Sam and Eileen deny it, he’s intruding. The first few weeks with a baby are a special time you never get back and though Dean would love to share it with his brother and sister-in-law, it’s not his place.
And that’s how he finds himself on yet another date just a few hours later.
Mary shuffles nervously on her chair, leans over the table towards them. “I wasn’t planning on staying away. I swear. I just wanted some time. A little freedom.”
“Fine,” he wheezes, though it’s obvious he’s not. He’s seen the color of his face in one of the many mirrors and it’s more an exploding tomato shade of red than a healthy flush of exertion.
And what does silent politeness and a bored expression win him? A request for a second date.
He’s downing a glass of water when he hears Cas shut the front door.
Cas gives him a withering glare. “You’re trying to cheer me up with
“Eat,” Cain says, again. “You’re all going to need your energy.”
“Y’know,” Dean says, allowing Cas to usher him away. “I usually complain when you growl at people for breathing on me or whatever, but if you want to growl at Marv, or, I dunno… maybe throat punch him, I promise I’ll be understanding this one time.”
It takes a moment for anyone to react. And then Cas stretches across the kitchen island, his hands tentatively reaching for Dean’s. Dean forces himself to relax his muscles before he lifts his head. The lines at the corners of Cas’s eyes are deep, his frown is concerned, blue eyes worried. “Dean—”
“So,” Dean says, enjoying himself despite Sam groaning from behind him. “The fact that the Red Hood is the main star of this movie doesn’t bother you then? You don’t feel... threatened... in the manhood department?”
But Dean’s needs have never taken priority. Not as far as Dean is concerned. Not when it comes to Sam.
Unfortunately, the only person who drops by is Ellen. And she’s the one person he definitely can’t explain the whole situation to. She’ll be furious and she’ll send Uriel packing rather than let Dean anywhere near him again. But she’s the one who’ll suffer if Zachariah kicks up a fuss, and he will, and Dean won’t let that happen.
“You’re shooting again today?” Cas asks, between sips of coffee.
“I...” Cas starts and stops, releasing Dean’s arm like he’s holding a hand grenade. “Fuck.”
“You’re getting divorced after twenty years of marriage. Your wife cheated on you for twelve of those years. Your kid, who you fucking doted on, is living thousands of miles away and doesn’t need you anymore. You don’t have a job or any life goals, and you’re in a prank war with your roommate. I hate to break it to you, Dean, but even if we don’t talk about all the ways Dad fucked us both up, you’re not fine.”
“Dean,” Ellen says, frustrated, “we’ve talked about this.”
“He’s dead.”
It’s typical Dean Winchester luck that this scene needs reshot. The first time Jason was killed at the hands of the Joker, Cas had been on set the entire time and the nightmares he’d had afterwards were worse than the ones Dean had hidden. Cas had woken sweating, tearful and panicked for weeks afterwards. He’d doubled his therapist appointments for a couple months which Dean felt freaking awful about. So, no, Dean isn’t putting either of them through that again. No matter how pathetic Sam’s puppy-dog eyes are, or how mad Cas is bound to be later. Dean can tough it out.
“I never wanted to hurt you,” Lisa says again. The tremble in her voice, the tears shining in her eyes, just make Dean angrier. How dare she act like the injured party here.
“Is that even ethical?” Charlie asks. “I mean, they work here. Isn’t that like a teacher/pupil kind of issue?”
your darkest secret? I don’t know whether I’m disappointed or impressed.” He’s joking but he squeezes Dean’s shoulder reassuringly. “Try and stay out of trouble while I’m gone. No wild parties.”
“I’d wear a mask. I could be a stormtrooper. No-one would even know it was me.”
The venue for Dean’s fourth date moves from the conservatory to the library. Garth and Ellen seem to think a change of scenery might put Dean at ease. Dean didn’t even know they had a library in the Den. The room is comfortable enough with huge leather sofas amid the bookshelves but libraries have always been more of Sam’s natural habitat than Dean’s.
Dean steps out from his dark corner. Now that Zachariah’s scuttled off, he might as well stop hiding. And he could use another drink. Cas sticks by his side as Dean makes his way to the small bar beside the buffet table.
Benny pats his back. “I’m gonna go grab Carmen and say goodbye to everyone. You should at least let your friend know you’re leaving.”
Gunner and Matt both laugh. “Sorry, kid,” Gunner says. “How about I buy you a decent drink to apologize.”
“Why don’t you stay until after Christmas at least?” Sam tries again.
“Yeah, um, about... well, all this.”
Once he no longer has an audience, Dean works up the energy to move. It’s not graceful, but he manages to roll himself onto his hands and knees and from there push himself upright. The room sways around him, his stomach lurching badly enough that Dean staggers across to the kitchen sink just incase he pukes. Thankfully, he saves himself that embarrassment and even manages to keep down several glasses of water.
“Yeah,” he says. “Carmen’s in there, right?”
, Sam?”
“He’s all over you. He calls you his bestie. He refers to your
“You wouldn’t be intruding,” Benny insists. “I wouldn’t have asked if I didn’t want you to come. Why don’t you think about it at least? How about you give me your number and I’ll send you the details. The time and place.”
Sam too apparently, as he’s walking a normal distance from Dean now rather than staying attached to his side. “You’ve got a few interviews and photos and then we’re done.”
Heavily encourages; that’s one way to put it. “I’m here aren’t I?” Dean points out.
“I get that, Cas,” Dean grins. “The slick leaking from my hole every time you growl at me is a bit of a giveaway.”
On reflex, Dean yanks his fist back to throw a punch, but before he succeeds in laying the douchebag out, his knight in grey-tailored armor smoothly intercedes. Somehow, he separates Dean and the jackass in one effortless manoeuvre that manages not to cause a commotion and also quietly extracts Dean from the room.
Meg’s face is turning the same color as the lobster. “It’s… we…”
Dean’s four and a half, gonna be five soon. He’s got a little brother who screams loud and smiles all gummy and wet. His dad works real hard and his mom makes the best pb and j sandwiches... cuts the crusts off and everything. At least, she used to. She used to take him to the park and sing him to sleep at night too. She hasn’t done that for a while.
“And you’ll get us all, don’t worry,” Cain tells him. “We have plenty of time. First Benny is going to take his time licking you open, making sure you’re good and ready, and then he’s going to fuck you with his thick dick until you see stars. When he’s done, while you’re still dripping with his come, Cas will slide right in and fuck you so hard you’ll forget your name.”
Cas full-on laughs at him, head thrown back and shoulders shaking. “He is. But I’m not sure how you can make that judgment from what little you saw of him.”
“Jesus Christ,” Sam says, shaking his head.
“Jesus, of course you’ll see me again.” Dean hauls his brother in for a hug, swallowing the lump of emotion in his throat. And dammit, was his brother actually bigger than him now? “You’ll never get rid of me, kiddo. No matter how hard you try.”
“I’m perfectly fine,” Dean snaps, angrily wriggling out of their grip to prove it. “Just freaking…”
Dean watches like a creeper, open-mouthed, and cock inappropriately hard. He can’t make out details, shouldn’t want to for fucks sake. But he can hear the guy underneath Cas moaning every time Cas slams into him. And then the dude starts up a running commentary like he’s starring in a porn flick.
If Dean wasn’t feeling so out of sorts this morning, so unsure in his own skin, he’d probably deck Zachariah right there. As it is, he’s too confused, too emotionally vulnerable, as Missouri would tell him, to argue.
“So what, you just decided to wait until Ben left to dump my ass? Because what, my job is done? I’ve brought him up while you were working a hundred hours a week. While you were building your business empire and, I guess, fucking Meg. I’ve taught little league and chaperoned high school dances, and sewn fucking Halloween costumes and built tree houses and patched up torn knees and mopped up puke and…”
Dean’s shoulders slump. He can hardly argue with her today of all days. “Whatever,” he says, as graceful as ever, doing his best to ignore Benny and Cas’ laughter as they sensibly waltz out of range of Dean’s uncoordinated limbs.
“Charlie can do things with a computer we’ve never heard of Dean. I needed her.”
Dean just waves his hand. He’s not that bothered to be honest. “Don’t worry about it, Cas. It’s not a big deal. I knew Lisa was pretty wild when I met her. She likes sex. And she liked lots of sex back then. It’s cool. It’s not like I was a blushing virgin when we met.”
And that’s just too good an opportunity to ignore. It’s probably not the best idea but Dean can’t help himself. “Ooh, do you want to spank me…
Dean’s eye twitches.
“Just as well,” Dean says. “I imagine a dude turning up in a suit of armor would cause more of a scene than me punching out some jackass.”
“Speaking of sex outside the bedroom,” Cain says, kissing the corner of Dean’s pouting lips. “There’s an office beside the kitchen with a very sturdy desk.”
“Yeah?” Benny says.
Crowley presses a drink into his hand. “Relax, darling. Ellen isn’t going to kick you out of that ridiculous place. Although why you care is beyond me. We both know you aren’t cut out to be one of those simpering omega idiots who isn’t happy unless they have a mate and a litter of squalling pups. Life is for living. For having some bloody fun while we’re here.”
Unfortunately, in doing so he stumbles right into a stall door which gives way under his back and sends him tumbling to the floor, cracking his head on the toilet seat on the way down.
“Hey man, you okay?” Chris, doesn’t usually step out of character so quickly but there’s concern on his face, below the thick layers of Joker make-up.
“You want fun and carefree, Cas. You’re not looking for anything serious.”
“And yet, here you are, trying to woo an omega loser, who only just scraped through high school, and can barely afford to buy gas for his car.”
“In all honesty,” the madman playing with him leers, “so did I. I guess he’s not the super hero either of you thought he was. Shame. For you, I mean.”
And, contrary to what everyone seems to think, Dean’s never desperately wanted to play Batman. He thinks the guy’s a bit of a douchebag. Okay, it’s a shame his parents were offed when he was a rugrat, but that doesn’t change the fact that he’s a self-centered dick, born with a silver spoon in his mouth, and with a black and white set of morals that only rich people can afford to have. Nah, Dean could never hero-worship someone with that much power, ego, and money, no matter how flash his car. Idris is welcome to the Caped Crusader.
“Great.” Dean forces a smile onto his face. “He’s loving it.” He’s loving it so much that he barely has time to call once every other week. Not that Dean’s brooding about it.
Instead of shooting him the usual scathing glare that she reserves just for him and people wearing Trump caps, Meg smiles. It’s at least eighty percent fake but even that is more than she normally attempts. It’s weird and unsettling, and immediately puts Dean on edge. It’s a feeling that lasts throughout the meal.
“Omegas should know their place,” Uriel says.
Unfortunately, Gordon isn’t silent for long. It quickly becomes apparent that Gordon has drunk most of the bottle of Jim Beam that’s sitting on the bar in front of him. Dean’s unsurprised to discover that a wasted Gordon is even less pleasant than normal Gordon.
Dean had honestly been dreading his heat. He’d hated the idea of having no control over his body, over his fevered mind. Of having to rely on anyone else when he was so defenseless. But the vulnerability and fear he’d expected to experience when his biology took over had never materialized. With Cain and Benny and Cas he’d felt nothing but safe. Protected. Cherished in a way he’d never known. Never expected to enjoy.
“It’s me,” Benny interrupts him, his lip twitching hopefully, although Dean can sense the waves of anxiety suddenly rolling off of him.
Cas, the teasing bastard, just winks.
Cas smiles for the first time, lop-sided and weak, but it makes Dean feel like the sun has burst through a cloud.
Dean calls bullshit.
“Yes.” Dean stands up. “Sorry, they didn’t tell me your name.”
“We were just discussing orgasms,” Charlie says, casually.
Dean sighs. “I don’t know, Sammy. She just did.”
“I mean, she’s into chicks.” Dean clarifies, when it occurs to him how rude that must have sounded. “Not that you aren’t cute.”
He forces himself to turn around and do his brother the decency of meeting his eye. “And you want to? You want to meet her?”
“Come now,” Zachariah says, intervening before Dean punches Uriel in the face. “We don’t want a scene, do we? Not here.”
There is nothing in Ellen’s speech that Dean didn’t expect. Doesn’t mean he’s overjoyed to hear it though.
Missouri humphs and crosses her arms over her chest. Dean figures if he doesn’t start talking, he isn’t escaping her clutches any time soon.
Once Dean has polished off the last of his waffles, he explains about the dates with all three alphas, about the arrangement they all seem to want. Charlie’s expression slowly morphs from excitement to disapproval. Dean hadn’t expected that.
“No.” Mary shakes her head. “God, no.”
One thing Dean is sure about, is that he doesn’t want to be here. Not that he’s against having a good time or against other people having a good time, but even he knows that being here in a club like this on his own isn’t a wise idea.
“You asshole,” Dean spits. “You goddamn fucking asshole. You think you’re funny? Huh?”
Goosebumps break out across Dean’s arms at the alpha’s stern tone. He’s not sure whether he should be afraid or turned on. The fresh wave of the alpha’s scent that accompanies his words nudges Dean firmly in the direction of turned on. If he didn’t have awesome restraint and the little self-respect he does, Dean would be tempted to lean in and sniff at the man’s neck.
Dean’s stomach swoops but he doesn’t have time to react before Mary rushes into the room. She’s flustered, obviously, her hair bursting loose from its ponytail and face flushed. Jess leaves as suddenly as she appeared, shutting the door softly behind her, blocking any drama from reaching Elle’s young ears. Dean tries not to react to the fact that Mary knows where Sam lives. That she’s obviously been here before.
Cain huffs out a breath of disbelief. “That woman would have killed you without care. Going to Crowley’s club was a reckless move. I thought you had more sense.”
Once on his feet he lunges out of the stall, shouldering past Marv and dodging the knife with more luck than skill. Within seconds, Marv is flying at him again. The knife catches Dean on the arm as he ducks out of the way, it stings like a bitch but he thinks his jacket took the brunt of the damage. Dean makes a dash towards the door, but Marv, yelling in rage, is right behind him. Not keen on the idea of a knife at his back, Dean spins around just in time for Marv to crash into him, taking them both back down to the floor. Dean’s head cracking against tile this time.
The morning of Christmas Eve, well, closer to noon to be honest, when Dean jogs down the stairs, he’s surprised to find Cas sitting at the kitchen island. He’s not so surprised to see him eating tater tots. For a supposedly healthy-eating yoga freak, he does have an obsession with them.
Benny and Cas both grumble, and Dean catches a glimpse of Benny pushing Cas up against the wall in a bruising kiss as Cain ushers him from the kitchen.
“You have feelings?”
Cas takes a step back and crosses his arms over his chest. “I have not touched your ancient monstrosity of a car.”
“And I’m sorry for not telling you about Alastair being back. Or Cas looking for him. But I still think it was the right thing to do.”
“I’m not quite sure who won the pool. I put my money on Christmas Day but that old fart Mr. Bryant bet on Christmas Eve.”
“Yeah?” Dean says. “And I thought Fairdale wasn’t a goddamn prison but you still all came out here to drag me back.”
“If Marv had kept his greasy hands off the script it would've been fine,” Dean says, his legs working well enough now to head slowly towards his trailer, Sam and Stuart on either side of him like parents trailing a wayward toddler.
Dean survives the return flight thanks to the blessing that is Valium. Unfortunately, this time the drugs take a few minutes longer than normal to kick in so he also downs two tiny bottles of whisky. Admittedly, that was not a stellar idea.
Benny shrugs easily. “Maybe not. But they’ll be sorry to see you go. Garth and Ellen, all of them, they really do just want to help you out.”
“That may be true,” Cas says. “But the fact remains she has—”
By the time the car finally
“Come on, brother,” Benny says, to Dean. “Time to get out of here I think.”
Dean harrumphs.
“And bedding his leading men.”
Cas shakes his head. “You know she’s a tech genius. And honestly, when we discussed it, we decided we wanted this handled quietly. Unofficially. Just in case. Charlie can hide her tracks.”
“Of course, Sam,” Cas says, patting Dean consolingly on the butt, before he turns around. “At least this drama has given us an opportunity to spend some time together. It’s far too long since we’ve had a chance to see Elle and Jess.”
“Dean,” Cas says, hand firm against the small of his back. “We need to leave.”
Lisa flinches ever so slightly before her face settles back into the mask she wears for business. “We need to discuss the divorce. What it is you want.”
“No!” Mary shakes her head, eyes wide, eyelashes wet.
Dean freezes. A rabbit caught by a fox.
“What’s that?” Dean asks, voice rough.
Dean smirks. “The way I heard it, customers were complaining about your hair finding its way into their food. Ellen was bitching cause you refused to cut it, ‘cause I guess you’re Samson or... I dunno... Sam, or some shit?”
“I was thinking more along the lines of so… don’t come knocking if the bedroom is rocking’.”
“But I’m… but they… ” Dean thinks back over all the dates he had, all the alphas he met. “But I didn’t fit with any of them. They didn’t… none of them smelled...” —like you, or Cain, or Cas, Dean stops himself from saying because he’s confused as hell but he’s not stupid enough to admit that— “...right.” He settles on.
From what little Cas has divulged about the rest of his family, Dean can’t say he blames Cas’s brother.
“That’s low, Red,” Dean grumbles. “There’s no one, okay. No one available.”
But Garth is already on his way out the door. “Two o’clock Dean, don’t be late and don’t forget your smile. No one likes a sour puss.”
On reflection, Dean thinks that he might just have overreacted tonight. Maybe.
He knows Uriel is an asshole, but he doesn’t expect the alpha to grab him, not right there on the street.
“No, Dean. Everyone obviously loved you,” Cas points out, as most of the crowd are still on their feet clapping.
“I wouldn’t be at all surprised,” Cas sighs.
Turning his head, Cas’s lips press back, full and gentle on Dean’s mouth before he replies with far more sincerity. “It’s
“I’m sure you can tell that Lisa’s a little nervous tonight. We both are.”
“You’ve no idea how gorgeous you are. The effect you have on everyone. Sweet Lord, Dean, you’re perfect.”
“Just school stuff,” Dean says, through gritted teeth. “It’s fine.”
That stops Dean cold, his temper suddenly overtaking his determination to stay calm. “What happened last night? The meeting with our mother. Remember, I begged you to go with me, but you called off days ago because you were too busy doing something vitally important but incredibly vague that you couldn’t tell me about?”
“Tinned food does not go out of date.”
Dean looks at his watch, and then looks back up at the door, then back to his watch, and then back to the empty chairs around the table.
Idris leans forward, elbows on the table in front of him, to talk into his mic. “I don’t know, I think Batman’s equipment is pretty bloody impressive actually.”
Dean grins against Cas’s neck. Now that he knows he’s only dealing with a little green-eyed grumpiness rather than serious anger, he can have some fun. If he plays his cards right, he can rile Cas up and have totally awesome angry sex. There’s a fine line between riling him up and pissing him off completely though. He’s aiming for some ass-bruisingly hot sex, not to end up sleeping on the couch. “He isn’t in love with me, doofus, he’s in love with the money I make him.”
“Rock and roll?”
“I think you should do whatever makes you happy,” Cas says.
Yeah, those girlie weekends take on a whole different spin now.
Considering how awkward Cas can be at times, he actually does the whole socializing thing far better than Dean. Possibly because he just doesn’t give a crap what people think of him. Dean wishes he had the same confidence.
“So,” Cas says, dropping down onto the sand beside him. He’s wearing a ratty old blue hand-knitted cardigan on top of his tee-shirt. Dean thinks one of his octogenarians must have left it behind at some point. He’s still wearing the Santa hat. Dean very badly wants to kiss him. “You’re freaking out.”
Cas rolls his eyes. “Dumbass.”
Mary’s startles at Dean‘s voice. “Dean,” she says, her attention snapping towards him. “I didn’t see you.”
“I don’t need a party,” he tells Garth, not for the first time.
“Self-care, Dean. You know what I’m talking about. You’ve spent all your life looking after other people. Me, Dad, Lisa, Ben. It’s about time you put as much time and effort into your own well-being. Focus on yourself for a change. Figure out what you want from life. Make some goals for yourself. Maybe eat a little better, stop drinking, talk to someone.”
“I’m sorry.”
It takes Dean just long enough to wash the sand from his hair to reflect on the fact that he’s screwed up in a major way. Trash-talking someone’s kid is a new low even for Dean. No matter the provocation. He deserved the punch in the face and probably more besides.
The easy mood between them vanishes the second they set foot inside Dean’s trailer.
Crowley likes people to jump when he says jump and to cut when he says cut, and he has a temper that explodes at the drop of a hat, but at least he has a clear vision and is vocal about his expectations.
Dean nods, coming back to himself. “Sorry.” Shame heats his cheeks as he looks at the sea of faces around them, some staring at him, some scowling at Marv who’s half hidden behind his AD.
Dean screams when the knife plunges between his ribs.
“Whatever you want it to be,” Benny says, which isn’t exactly helpful. “Last night made one thing clear for us all; we want you. And we sure don’t want any other alpha thinking they can put their hands on you. You deserve much more, darlin’.”
His stormy exit takes longer and is less dramatic than is satisfying. He needs to open the garage door and the security gates, and Cas dogs him the entire time, but eventually Dean peels away from the house with a squeal of rubber. Leaving behind all his security, the two paps he caught napping in their cars outside his front gate... and Cas.
Ellen doesn’t wait for an answer, but a chorus of reluctantly amused “yes ma'ams” follows them down the hallway.
“I might have,” Sam hedges, watching Dean closely, gauging his reaction before he commits to confessing all. Dean waits.
“Dean,” Sam says, his name snapped with the impatience of every school teacher that Dean ever had.
“Your bitch of an ex fuck you over too? That why you’re rooming with that weirdo?” Gordon nods his head towards where Cas is sitting cross-legged on his chair drinking something bright blue with two umbrellas sticking out of it and laughing as a guy —young, lithe, and definitely Cas’ type— plops a Santa hat on his head, tugging it down over Cas’ unruly hair so it covers his ears.
Dean spends over an hour dragging himself across the cement floor. Coughing blood, facing death in the face, falling apart. Every time he glances across at the director’s chair, Marv barely seems to be watching him or the screens. Just keeps calling for more and reset and again and again at suitable intervals. Sam disappeared a while ago with his phone, and Dean’s temper is frayed.
“Shouldn’t you be getting ready for your date?” Cas asks, stopping to glare at him.
“And ended up in a flaming car wreck at the bottom of a cliff?”
“So?” Dean says, before he remembers Cas’ plans for the night. It’s far from the first date he’s been out on lately. Dean knows the drill. “Oh, so don’t wait up?”
The pills kicking in and eating a breakfast of dried toast and orange juice out on the balcony chase away the rest of his nausea and the worst of his headache. Cas joins him out there, sitting beside him so he can look out at the ocean view too.
pack. To be loved fiercely and wholly and to be worshipped and protected. And also, to be able to protect those you love.”
“You got me, Cas.” Dean has to talk around the swelling of emotion in his throat, unused to hearing Cas wear his heart on his sleeve quite as blatantly as this. “You’re not getting rid of me. Not ever.”
“Guys,” Dean hears himself say. “Calm down for a second, huh.”
“You’re just saying that because you still get flashbacks to the time I put Nair in your shampoo and dad ended up having to give you a buzz cut, bitch.”
Dean blinks. Fucking Marv. With a knife.
Benny and Cain are both sprawled out in the bed, but they have been up long enough to open the windows in an effort to air out the room and to change the bedsheets which Dean is grateful for. He wasn’t looking forward to climbing back into that mess. Finding a clean spot in among the damp ruins had become impossible.
“Well,” Cas says, clearing his throat. “I guess this at least makes us square.”
It takes another ten minutes to persuade Ben that he’s doing the best thing in staying where is. And another five to convince him to give his mom a chance to explain her side of things. By the time they finish the call Dean is drained. That’s probably the hardest phone call he’s ever had. And that includes calling Sam to tell him their dad had died.
He guesses, when it comes down to it, Cas is a better man than Dean. The hard fact is, Dean grew up skirting the edges of the law. He begged, borrowed and stole throughout his childhood. Did what he needed to in order to keep his family together. In order to survive. His conscience is a murky place. His morals wrapped in shades of grey. Cas’s are far more black and white.
“You are so lucky,” a woman is saying to him. Debbie, Dean’s pretty sure is her name. Younger than her conservative dress style and severe hairstyle suggest, and so painfully condescending that Dean is seriously considering faking going into heat just to get rid of her. “We’ve been telling Uriel for years he should mate. But the preacher is so busy spreading the word of the Lord, he’s never taken the time to find himself a nice omega to settle down with.”
“And he smells as interesting as wallpaper paste.”
“I’m sorry.”
Thank fuck Cas understands.
“Seriously?” Dean challenges her. “That’s what you’re going with?”
“Was that the lamest thing ever?” Dean says to Cas as they cross the last few feet between the front row and the stage. “Did I just look like a total dumbass?”
“Dean,” Cas says, standing up and walking around the desk separating them, perching on the edge of it in front of Dean. “We’ve all struggled to deal with what happened in Scotland. You, me, Sam, even Charlie. We’ve all had our own issues: guilt and self-recriminations, anger and pain. But we’ve all dealt with it in our own ways. And yes, we all still have occasional bad days, but we know we have people we can turn to... therapists and friends. Methods of coping. But you... you
“But, this pack thing, that’s not normal. Not nowadays.”
Cain does pour Dean some wine, only half a glass, before he lifts the lids of two of the cloches. Worried that there’s something posh and foreign lurking underneath Dean grins at the burger and fries sitting on the plate. “My favorite, awesome.”
“I swear I’m fine, Cas.” Dean takes a step towards the door. “Honest. Don't need the hospital.”
“So, what, I should just settle for some alpha that I don’t hate, just in case I come down with an illness?”
Dean can throw a punch, but he knows his chances of making it out of this unscathed now are slim to say the least.
And then there are the reams of forms about Dean’s ideal alpha. About what he’s looking for in a partner. What he definitely isn’t looking for. They even go so far as to ask what he likes in bed! Dean really doesn’t know what to say to that. He settles on something vague and barely true. He doesn’t want to admit that he’s never slept with an alpha before and that his sexual history is pretty much limited to basic one-night-stands with girls and rushed hand jobs with guys.
“Dean Winchester! Welcome to the Fairdale Den. We’re so excited that you’re finally able to join us. I’m Garth, and I’ll be your facilitator for your stay with us.”
“I think I liked the Internet threats better,” Dean comments flippantly. “Less mess to clear up.”
“You’re going nowhere, boy,” Uriel says, tone dark and threatening. “Except the heat room in the church basement. A few hours locked into the breeding stand and you’ll be begging me to fuck you.”
“Abaddon.” Cain’s voice is devoid of emotion and that’s way more terrifying than any of Abaddon’s spiteful threats. “Let him go.”
“Maybe,” Charlie says blithely, tossing her hair over her shoulder. “I have my fans you know.”
Everything isn’t magically okay. Dean can’t pretend he isn’t still pissed about the decisions and secrets that Cas and Sam have hidden from him. It’s going to take time to resolve their issues. But still, he feels lighter with Cas by his side again.
Dean’s left breathless for more than one reason. The crowd whoop and a blinding storm of cameras flash as he stares back at Cas’s pink-cheeked grin.
Dean wants one of them to touch him. He wants to feel them all touching him. He doesn’t want to have a conversation about it. And he doesn’t want to choose. He didn’t know that when they talked about omegas going into heat, they meant it so literally. He’s burning up. Sweat dripping down his face, beading across his collar bone. He can taste the salt of it on his lips. Can hear the roar of his blood rushing through his veins.
Zachariah gulps.
Thankfully, Annie and Debbie do work wonders and after a head massage from Donnie, coffee, lots of water and some painkillers, Dean is ready to face the rest of the crew. He ignores the sidelong glances and whispers, and sinks into the character of Jason Todd with even more relief than normal.
“I must say, I’m shocked that Ellen allowed this situation to arise,” Zachariah continues unfazed by Dean’s glower. “All those alphas that have paid money in good faith for a chance to meet an omega and you don’t end up with any of them. Hardly seems fair. Or decent.”
Cas gives him a once over, licking his lips in a way that makes Dean’s insides do funny things, and his dick twitch happily in his leather pants.
“Hey, bud,” he says, opening the refrigerator door and glaring at all the crap Cas has stuffed it full with. “How’s it going? Hooked up with any hot English chicks yet?”
Dean sighs. “Jesus, Cas, not this crap again. Not everyone wants to fuck me.”
“Exactly,” Dean says. “All you want is… is a bit of fun. And that's… there’s nothing wrong with that. But I… I can’t do fun. Not when I have…” Dean wants to punch himself in the face rather than actually say this, but he owes Cas the truth. “I have… feelings.”
It takes Dean nearly a week before he can face seeing Lisa again. A week of hiding out in the beach house and trying to avoid Cas as much as possible. Something he’s managed to do fairly successfully, partly because he spent most of the time holed up in his bedroom with the contents of the liquor cabinet and partly because Cas seems to spend most of his time doing yoga on the beach or working in his studio. When he’s not swimming laps or leaving his crap lying around that is.
And then he leaves, quickly, before he changes his mind, because the temptation to stay right there and cling to Cain is very real and very powerful.
“Dessert,” Cain announces dramatically. And produces, with a magician’s flourish, from under another cloche, the most delicious looking pie.
“What about her?”
Benny and Cas are lying either side of him, peppering kisses to his jaw, his chest, the freckles across his shoulder, anywhere they can reach, as Cain folds Dean in two, his thighs almost up round his ears. This face-to-face position is probably going to be as awkward as hell after Cain ties with him, but Dean doesn’t care, not right now when he can watch the concentration on Cain’s face, the hunger in his eyes.
Marv is flat on his back now. Cas straddling him, throwing punch after punch. The guy’s face is starting to look like mulch.
Despite the late hour and his exhaustion, it takes some time for Dean to fall asleep, but when he finally does he’s out for the count. He doesn’t stir until something solid hits him in the stomach. He wakes with a disgruntled oomf, opens his eyes and groans when sunlight streams through the curtains he forgot to close before he went to bed.
They kiss until Dean’s knees are trembling, his lips bruised and tingling. Until Dean ends up shoved against the kitchen island, the hot line of Cas’ hard-on pressed against his thigh. His own dick is very much on board with the kissing and the shoving.
“When? he asks. “When do I have to come off them?”
Cas wraps his arms tighter around Dean’s waist, skims his teeth across the back of Dean’s neck. “You smelled beautiful. You smelled like us.”
“He tried to kill you, Dean,” Cas growls, not taking his eyes off Metatron who’s whimpering underneath the blood.
Cas nods. “Much too soon.”
“Jesus Christ, that… that’s unbelievable.”
The punch is not quite as effective as it would be in an action flick. He doesn’t knock Marv out or anything. In his defense, it’s impossible to put much power behind a punch when you’re lying flat on the floor. Marv’s lip does burst open quite spectacularly though, something which Dean doesn’t have much time to appreciate before Marv’s throwing punches of his own, smacking Dean with bruising precision across the jaw.
“These things happen,” Crowley replies, helping Dean up the stairs to his trailer.
Cas’ face doesn’t even twitch. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
“If Ellen lands in trouble, that’s on me,” he argues, dragging himself out of Cain’s hold and taking a step back.
“Oh, I’ve heard all about you.”
“Shots!” Carmen exclaims, clapping her hands, obviously relieved at the interruption.
The rest of the panel is thrown back open to more questions. There are a couple of interesting ones, and a couple of damn weird ones that have Dean choking on his water. One about Marv that Crowley takes great delight in answering, somehow managing to demolish the director’s character and ability without actually saying anything scandalous or libelous. Dean has to hide his grin behind his hand.
“The best for who?” he manages to grit out once the whisky has wet his lips. “Because it sure as hell wasn’t the best for your kids.”
He’s barely drawn up to the front door before a welcoming committee is walking down the stairs to meet him. A couple of guys maybe just a few years older than Dean and a woman around his dad’s age, all wearing name badges and bright smiles.
Sam tenses beside him. “She’s here already?”
Garth steps in this time. “No, bro, we aren’t saying you are sick, or you can’t look after yourself. Like the boss lady says, this is all routine. While you’re here, you’re under our care. We just need to have the paperwork to prove we’re doing right by you.”
Sam’s bitchface is epic. “No-one’s doing that.”
Dean doesn’t notice he’s swung his fist back to throw a punch until someone catches it. He’s so angry, the blood pounding in his ears, violence dancing in his fingertips, that he twists away out of their hold before he realizes it’s Cas.
Dean gives himself a shake. “Right, Uh, Cas.”
Cas is squaring up to Uriel, more focused on eviscerating the preacher than actually listening to Dean. Deciding a more drastic approach is needed, Dean wraps himself around the posturing alpha like a slightly manic koala bear. If Dean wasn’t dizzy with either a minor head injury or his fast approaching heat he’d be mortified at his own public display. As it is, he needs Cas to get his head in the game. “Alpha, I’m going into heat. Take me home. Now.”
“Was that an invitation?”
The problem with having edged away from the party to a darkened corner of the room, frustratingly close to the door, is that Dean has lost sight of the few people he knows. He’s perfectly capable of dealing with obnoxious alphas on his own, but he’s not sure just how forceful he’s allowed to be here without getting himself, and Ellen, into shit with Zachariah’s lot.
While Benny’s answering smile is warm, it’s also skeptical. “You sure that’s a good idea?”
Dean almost trips over, spinning around at the familiar deep voice in his ear. “Cas, shit! Cas!”
“Your movie,” Dean interrupts, “your movie is a steaming pile of cow dung. I know it. The studio bigwigs know it. Everyone here knows it. And it’s not because of the acting. Mine or anyone else’s. It’s no-one’s fault but yours. You took an awesome script and turned it into your own fucked-up story that makes no sense. You treat your on-screen characters the same way you treat everyone else on set... like crap. You’re a garbage director and a garbage human-being. If it was up to me, you’d have been replaced on this movie months ago.”
“Send photos,” Dean orders, dragging Sam in for a quick hug. “Lots of photos. Every day.”
“I’m a fuck up, Cas.”
Dean wants to argue. Wants to say she can’t lay claim to anything of the man he is, but he can’t talk. Is honestly concentrating too hard on breathing right now.
Dean’s stomach swoops, a reaction that has more to do with anxiety than with the seafood platter they are sharing. Hopefully. Food poisoning is no fun.
“Prague,” Ellen says, a soft smile on her face, “she’s picked up work in a restaurant, told me when she comes back she’ll have a thing or two to show me. Anyway, enough about my wayward daughter, you have a guest. “
Dean bristles under the alpha’s appraising look. And then gives as good as he gets, blatantly looking the man up and down when he stands up. He’s not what you’d call classically good looking. Thinning hair, and a bit of a paunch aren’t attributes Dean finds hot. But Dean would be lying if he said there wasn’t something vaguely attractive about him. Maybe it’s the way he holds himself, his confidence. The way his clothes are tailored, his suit and coat obviously expensive but not flashy or ostentatious. His scent is…. different. It doesn’t make Dean’s mouth water or spike his senses the way other (less available) alphas have, but it doesn’t make him want to throw up either.
Dean sneezes six times in a row. There’s something about Garth’s scent that irritates the hell out of his nose. And the dude isn’t even an omega or an alpha. He’s a damn normal. Rude or not, Dean’s about one more sneeze away from telling the guy to change his aftershave,
When he gets to the studios, Dean’s still smiling just thinking about Cas’s fingers wrapped around his wrists, his teeth scraping down the back of his neck. And if Cas’s cute little smirk is anything to go by, he’s feeling pretty pleased with himself too.
“Fine,” Sam eventually says, turning around. “But this is it, last chance, Mary. Cas will set you up with security. And I’m going to ask Pamela to call you, try and salvage this mess before the press works itself into a frenzy. But you fuck up again and you’re on your own.”
“This ain’t the time for a lecture, Cain,” Benny cuts in. “Come on, darlin’, give us something to work with here. What do you want this first time?”
“That’s patently untrue.”
stand a chance.”
“Cas. It’s my name. Rather than dude. Well, it’s Castiel to be truthful, but I don’t mind certain people calling me Cas.”
Sam, as usual, seems to read his mind. “We can leave right now, if you want. I’m happy to tell Crowley to go screw himself after that fiasco.”
“Dean, I…”
Crowley’s Hellfire Club does have a select clientele, and Dean imagines they’re all pretty fucking loaded, but they sure as hell aren’t talking about stock prices now.
Before he has the chance to prove it, the door bursts open and there’s a shout of “Dean!”
“Listen lady,” Dean starts to say.
Dean coughs and fiddles with the neck of his tee-shirt, keeping his eyes trained upwards. “Why the hell would you want to walk around naked?”
When Dean tries to walk away, Uriel grabs his wrist, tight enough that Dean can already feel a ring of bruises forming. Uriel drags him in close this time, shoves his face in the crook of Dean’s neck and inhales.
Ellen follows him out of his room. “Dean, wait.”
“Like you’re not a big fat tease,” Dean grumbles, shifting on the sun lounger in an attempt to not squash his nuts. “Wearing those tiny speedos.”
“Um… Cas,” he says. “Can we blow this popsicle stand now?”
“I don’t know what you want me to say, Ellen. I promised this douch—” Dean catches himself just in time. “This dude one more date. And that’s all this is. After that, maybe we can see where this thing with Benny, Cas and Cain is going. If there’s a chance it might work out. If they still want me.”
The wedding is beautiful, if a little unusual. The fact that there are more than two people swearing undying love until death do they part might have caused some confusion to the smattering of guests, mainly older relatives, who didn’t know the whole story. But, given how happy everyone involved looks, there are few rumbles of discontent.
“Actually,” Dean says, glancing down at his chest. “I think I might be burning. You mind helping me rub on some lotion?”
Cas gives Dean a pitying look. “You need to get out more. You need to get out, period.”
Tonight was just too much. There was yet another party. Ash’s engagement party. And once again Dean felt like the odd man out. Sitting at the edge of the room, watching everyone else join in the celebrations. Cas was there. With Cain. And Benny. Dean stayed well away from them, not wanting to witness whatever cozy relationship bliss they have going on. And fucking terrified that one sniff of the three of them together would have Dean slicking up in his underwear like a desperate teenager.
“His name doesn’t scare me,” Dean bites back. “He’s not goddamn Voldemort. I’m fine.”
“No, that’s not what I’m saying,” Sam says, his voice wavering dangerously. If he starts crying Dean is going to flip. “And none of that shit is true. You know it’s not. I… I just think now would be a good time for you to practice a little self-care.”
“Dude,” Ash laughs. “Rules are made to be broken. No wonder you’re a virgin, you’re so uptight, man.”
“Uhuh,” Dean says, not quite sure what to make of the over-enthusiastic little dude.
Cas rolls onto his back, laughing so hard he’s wheezing.
“Am I surprised that you’re screwing Meg? Yes, I am.”
“I don’t know if I do like him,” Dean says, honestly. “But he’s not dull. And he hasn’t tried to get all hot and heavy.”
“And that,” Ellen says, stepping in quickly to drag Dean away from Cain, “concludes the evening’s activities.”
“Less dumb and less ass,” Cain agrees.
He’s chain smoked three Marlboro, and feels ill for more than one reason by the time he and Sam are both back in the car heading home, neither of them talking. Too angry at each other to pretend otherwise.
“Yes, ma’am,” Dean says, standing up and dragging Cas along with him. “And Merry Christmas.”
“Hm, interesting.”
Ellen stops outside his room. “I’m not saying this is a bad idea. I’m saying sleep on it. See how you feel in the morning.”
“And nothing more?”
Cain is sitting waiting for him. The table is set for two, a candle in the center, crystal glasses, silver cutlery and cloches ready and waiting. It’s all very romantic. Not Dean's usual style at all.
he’s a threat, he’s still controlling my fucking life.”
“I don’t know,” Dean sighs. “Still feels like Mother Nature screwed us over big time.”
“Oh no, sweetie.” Abaddon licks her lips, her gaze straying down Dean’s body. “That’s not on the cards.”
Dean has been desperate to see Cas, missed him like crazy, but now Cas is here, dog-tired and apparently ill tempered, he’s not sure what to say. He doesn’t think he has the energy, emotional or physical, to handle a fight. And for some reason that’s what it seems like Cas wants.
Cas, slams the knife down on the chopping board. Then the refrigerator door is taking the brunt of his anger, and the poor carrots he grabs from the salad drawer look likely to be his next victim. “He’s a liar, he’s manipulative, and he’s power hungry.”
Miraculously they seem to understand what Dean is saying without him actually saying it. “You were in heat, Dean,” Cain replies. “We would never have given you a mating bite under those circumstances. Especially not without discussing it thoroughly beforehand.”
Most of it is practical shit like his clothes, his laptop, and documents that he needs. Then there’s the more sentimental crap like the record player and vinyl collection Sam gave him for Christmas a few years back, the guitar he’s had since he was eighteen, the few family photos he still owns from when he and Sam were kids, and the photos of him and Ben, the baseball trophy Ben won when he was nine and all the pictures and gifts Ben made for him when he was a kid. All in all it’s not much to show for half his lifetime, but he’s never exactly been high maintenance.
“Dean? What’s wrong?”
Ash and Charlie shake their heads solemnly. Until Ellen leaves the room. Then Ash says, “Man, I totally banged her. Hate sex is hot as hell!”
“Our relationship has always been based on trust and honesty,” Cas says to Meg, through gritted teeth. “We went to a couples retreat six months ago. We meditate together every morning. I… I massaged your damned feet last night. And… and… this is how you tell me you’re sleeping with your business partner?”
Snorting, Dean turns to Sam. “How much did you have to do with this?”
Cas crosses the distance between them in a few strides, not stopping until he’s just inches away. “Merry Christmas, Dean,” he says, his voice rough and low, and reverberating through Dean’s body like an aftershock. He reaches his hand up to Dean’s face, ever so gently cups his bruised jaw, and presses a kiss to his lips, chaste and dry and brief. Dean shivers. The short hairs on the back of his neck prickling. His eyelashes flicker shut just for a second. Cas is staring at him when they open again.
It’s a few days later when Cas makes his next move. Dean walks into the kitchen to find him standing in front of the refrigerator… buck naked.
“Ladies and Gentlemen,” Crowley cuts in swiftly, obviously not quite sure where Idris was planning on going with that reply. “Please welcome our very own Red Hood... Mr. Dean Winchester.”
The alpha’s nose scrunches a little in confusion as he looks at Dean. “The young ladies you were watching on the dance floor. They are very beautiful.”
And after last night, Dean doesn’t think he’ll be able to look any of the three of them in the eye ever again.
“She’s the one that’s the trauma nurse?” Sam expands.
Cas jerks his arm free from Dean’s grip, his gaze laser-focused on Marv. “I failed you once, Dean. I will not fail you again.”
Dean tugs at his hair in frustration. “I can’t explain, Ellen. Will you just trust me when I say that I have to do this?”
“Cas,” Dean starts to argue, though he doesn’t really know why.
Cas’ eyes darken. “You want to talk about petty? You’re the one who changed the WiFi password to CasSucksBalls.”
“I’m not saying she didn’t mess up, but we all know Marv is a lying manipulative douchebag. This is obviously more his doing than hers.”
“Maybe,” Dean says. “But there’s excitement and then there’s getting booted out of the Den for breaking all the rules.”
Dean blushes. “Don’t say shit like that, Cas,” he complains. “I’m not amazing. I’m a dumbass who barely scraped through high school. I work boring jobs to make ends meet and drive my dad’s car. I’m nothing special”
“Yeah, you could say.” Benny chuckles warmly. “Been together for a year or so now, but I guess what we have going on ain’t exactly conventional. We like to have ourselves some fun.”
Dean waves his hand frantically. “Actually,” he heaves in a breath, “I kinda do…”
because he peed the bed and Sam was a whiny baby. One thing school has taught him is that moms don’t just leave their kids. They must have done something wrong. But he’s not going to let Sammy think that. Not ever.
“That mug held great sentimental value, Dean,” Cas snarls, uncrossing his arms so he can jab his finger in Dean’s face. “Just because you have the emotional depth of a lump of a wood does not mean the rest of us do.”
Dean’s withholding judgment on them all however, until he figures out exactly how this set-up works.
“Not a chance,” Sam says.
“Well, you certainly joined in,” Cas says, dryly. “Any idea where my cellphone is, Dean, because I haven’t seen it for two days.”
“Well, I have met a few non-asshole alphas,” Dean starts to say, when he sees one of said alphas heading across the room straight towards them. His heart beats just a little faster at the sight of Cain, his wild silver hair in stark contrast to his sharp suit and crisp blue shirt. Dean can actually scent him before he reaches them, and his scent is just as delicious as the first time Dean met him.
Mary shrugs nervously. “It… it didn’t seem that important?”
“So you were attempting to make a tactical retreat?”
“I know I’m a fucking omega, okay?” Dean whirls back around to face her. “You all keep telling me fifty times a day; it would be hard to forget it. That’s all I am to you people. An omega. Well, fuck that, at least my family cared about something other than my biology. I’m sick of this shit already. I’m outta here.”
“And you can tell Ellen to expect a visit from the Omega Welfare Service,” Adler threatens.
John nods, scrubbing his hands against his scruffy beard. Dean doesn’t think he’s seen his dad clean shaven since his mom left. It’s just one sign of how much her leaving changed things for them all. “I guess you’re right. Just for Christ sake, don’t go running off with some knothead just cause he smells good. You’re worth a damn site more than that, son.”
Dean drags her back into a quick catch and release hug. “I was never mad at you, doofus. I was mad at these idiots for dragging you into my messed-up shit all over again, especially when you were busy working on a movie. I’d never forgive myself if you got into trouble or even hurt because of me. It’s just not worth it.”
Gordon laughs, a razor-sharp glint in his eye. “Does that make
Mary rambles on, words jumping over themselves rabbit quick. “I needed to get my head together. Decide exactly what it was I wanted.”
Cas finally turns his head towards Dean. His eyes are wild though. Dean doesn’t know what he’s seeing but from his own experience he’s certain it’s not him. Not here. Not now.
“Great, Sammy. Just peachy.”
Dean bristles. It doesn’t matter how irritated he is with his little shithead of brother, he doesn’t like it when anyone else, not even Dad,
When he blinks, he sees flashes bathed in red: grinning faces, blood, Uriel, knives, blood, Alastair.
“It’s not what you think, Dean,” Cas says.
“Straight away,” Ellen replies, without beating around the bush. “The drugs can take some time to work their way out of your system, especially the suppressants if you’ve been on them for any length of time.”
Dean ignores her. He isn’t saying any of this for her benefit. “I know you’re mad right now, Sammy, but don’t go throwing her to the wolves too quick. She is your mom. Elle’s grandmother. Our blood. Whether I like it or not. Maybe working with her rather than against her might be an idea. I mean, we don’t even know how Marv found out about her? How he knew she was in town. It doesn’t make a lick of sense. And who sent her the email with your address in the first place, Sam? Someone out there is playing games.”
“You... you can’t do this,” Marv splutters.
Dean trips over his feet. Hell, yeah, his night is definitely looking up.
Uriel makes the mistake of trying to stop him, grabbing his arm as he tries to walk away. “Would you really rather live a life of sin, and debauchery than bow down to an alpha who would show you the path to enlightenment, boy? The sooner you accept that omegas were born to submit, to give their bodies and souls to an alpha in exchange for protection, the sooner you will find contentment. I am offering you a place at my feet. Respectability. Would you prefer to give the gift of your virginity to a pack of alphas who would use you as a toy?”
Dean is about to argue that for once he wasn’t trying to be a smart ass, but Ellen talks over him. “And when has “society” ever had all the answers anyway? Most people don’t have a clue about alphas and omegas, hell, most people can’t see anything past the end of their nose. Different strokes for different folks, Dean. The world would be a miserable place if we were all the same.”
“Yes,” Ellen says. “That’s exactly what you should have done.”
A fresh tee-shirt clinging to his still slightly shower-damp skin, Dean grabs a bottle of Cas’ favorite vodka from the refrigerator and goes in search of his sparring partner. He finds him slumped on the battered leather sofa in his art studio. Dean knocks on the open door to get Cas’ attention.
“Sam,” Cas says, incredibly serious as he attempts to haul himself and an uncooperative Dean into a more vertical position. “I would very much like to marry your brother if you have no objections.”
“That I was the omega for you?”
The bartender’s gaze is a lot more friendly when he turns back to Dean. “Sorry about Jeb. He pretty much came with the fixtures when I took over the joint. He doesn’t usually cause trouble but I guess your ass was just too much for him.”
Cas turns around, wooden spoon in his hand and a smirk on his face. “Good morning, Dean.”
“Cas,” the alpha interjects.
He dozes off and on until the cab draws up outside the beach house then he shoves what he hopes is the right amount of cash at the driver and drags his feet up the driveway. All he wants to do is dump his bag, and hit the hay. Maybe have a quick shower to wash off the airplane stench if he can stay upright long enough.
“Will you marry me?”
And then there’s this bullshit.
“Cas,” Mrs. Spangler says. “Come along, dear. You weren’t saying that when you won two hundred bucks betting on Mrs. Rosen’s son leaving his wife for the pool boy.”
Dean doesn’t spend much time drying off before he wraps a fluffy green towel around his waist and follows the scent of his alphas to where it’s strongest.
Cas slams his hand out and shoves the door shut when Dean opens it. “Stop running away and listen to me.”
“Nope, no way. I don’t dance.”
“Cas!” Dean grabs Cas’s arm as he lifts it back to land yet another punch. “Stop. You’re going to kill him.”
“Come on, darlin’, you can tell us,” Benny joins in. “What did Charlie say?”
“You’re bleeding,” Cas says.
“Oh.” That does make sense, Dean has to admit. “So, you do want me to… join your pack?” Dean isn’t sure that’s the right way to phrase whatever this is, but it’s the best he can come up with. Like he said, he’s not always great at englishing. “Because, I thought maybe I fucked everything up when I went off with Uriel.”
“I can get up myself,” Dean grumbles, slapping away both Benny and Cas’ hands when they start poking at him. “Dude hits like a six-year-old girl.”
Last day of reshoots starts with Cas wrapped around like him an octopus. It takes Dean all his strength to extract himself and switch off his obnoxious alarm. Cas grumbles sleepily and drags Dean back into his clutches. Dean is content to let him. He doesn’t know whether it’s because he was just flat-out exhausted or if Alastair’s fiery death has eased the constant fear he’s been living with, but he had the best night sleep he’s had in forever.
Dean scowls. “I didn’t pee the bed. And Daddy only yelled because he told you not to drink all that water before bedtime and you did anyways.”
“You made this?” Dean gazes in wonder at the golden pastry flaking on top of the pie.
“You will be,” Cas snaps back.
“Benny and Cain?” She asks, leaning back in her chair and crossing her arms.
The guy holds out his hand. “Oh, I’m sorry I haven't introduced myself. I’m Cain. Cain Knight. I work here at Fairdale.”
“Have you got herpes?”
“Thanks,” Dean says. “I don’t. Not really. But... well, it’s been a stressful morning. I just need a few minutes to settle my nerves, you know? Is there a bathroom or somewhere I could...”
obviously waiting for some kind of reaction from Dean.
The truth of the words echoes in Dean’s head as the knife trails down his chest. Dean’s eyes go wide before fluttering shut and…
“How are you even standing?” Dean groans, and god it feels like his tongue has grown a layer of fur overnight.
Cas brushes a kiss across Dean’s lips before leaning back and looking him in the eyes. Shooting Cas, a reassuring smile, Dean nods. He can do anything with Cas by his side.
“Dude, you keep your dirty paws off my baby,” Dean warns, not entirely joking.
“Debbie,” another woman, older and with a waspish face, slaps Debbie’s arm playfully before Dean can find the acceptable words to tell her to go fuck herself. “Look at you monopolizing Preacher Uriel’s young omega. I bet you’re talking the poor dear’s ears off.”
The pre-dawn start is in order to film some shots and shoot stills of Dean and Idris standing against the sunrise. From what Dean sees on the monitors the early morning was worth it. Even just for the minute of footage. The best lighting rig in the world couldn’t replicate the glow.
“I already have them,” Dean complains, poking at the side of his eyes.
Dean sighs. “I’m sorry, and I’m sorry you found out from Claire. Your mom was planning on calling you tonight to tell you.”
Cas is infuriating, and a slob. He drives Dean around the bend 80% of the time. He’s also gorgeous and stupidly funny in his own weird way, and so genuinely kind it makes Dean’s heart hurt.
Sam snorts. “It was pot, Dean. The brownie wasn’t laced with cyanide. I think the worst thing that could have happened was you getting an attack of the munchies.”
“Come on, Gunner, just get a load of him, bending over and shaking his ass like a goddamn whore. I don’t come here to watch this kind of deviant horseplay.”
“What? No! God, I wish you’d kiss me like that all the time.”
The fact that Dean is an omega is not a subject that Dean and his small family often discuss. Or, ever discuss. His biology is something they apparently formed a silent agreement at some point to ignore. Just like they ignore the fact that his dad has been a borderline alcoholic ever since their mom packed up and left when Sam was still a baby. And just like they ignore the fact that Dean has brought Sam up almost single-handedly ever since. Looking after kids was just too much for John Winchester to handle on top of holding down a mechanic’s job and drinking for six hours a day.
“Yeah,” Dean’s snipes. “I’m sure that would be a real inconvenience.”
“We have Comic-con in a few weeks, darling. I need you there. And on top form. We need to sell this movie to the masses.”
“I’m sure your young man is always impeccably behaved,” Debbie says. “Even if he is a little rough around the edges.”
“Well, it’s hardly the work of a criminal mastermind. I mean...
“You want me to fetch Missouri?”
By the time Cas ventures back inside to make himself a cup of weird tea, probably assuming Dean is safely out of the way, Dean is still stubbornly sitting on the sofa.
Lisa only stops babbling when Meg lays her hand over Lisa’s on top of the table.
“Grateful?” Dean snorts. “Man, I’m not desperate. The fact is, you and me, we ain’t compatible.”
Cas, of course, immediately grabs the breadbasket and clutches it to his chest. “Speak for yourself, Winchester. Some of us work out enough that we don’t have to deprive ourselves of carbs. And may I have a real beer, please,” he adds, winking at the waiter. “You know,” he says, once the waiter has gone, leaving Cas with the damn breadbasket. “There are carbs in beer too.”
The appliance of alcohol eases the tension somewhat. Especially once Gordon excuses himself and heads off towards the bar, his expression stormy.
“I’m sorry,” Lisa says, a tear falling artistically down her cheek. “I’ve had so many sleepless night over this. I’ve honestly hated myself for cheating on you.”
“My heat’s over,” Dean points out, grumpily. “And I smelled gross.”
Gordon’s undeterred. Obviously amused, his smirk is back stronger than ever. “So, Dean, what did
Dean rubs anxiously at the back of his neck. “I… what happens now?” He eventually manages to choke out.
He wants to see Uriel again about as much as fly would want to go on a second date with a spider.
There were many cases, however, where omegas in heat had ended up locked down and used as entertainment or even a source of income for towns that gladly took advantage of the draw a breeding omega could bring.
Cas’ glare intensifies. His left eye twitches.
“Dean,” Cas says, and Dean can hear the lecture brewing in the tone of that one word. Sam manages to say his name exactly the same way. “You are barely forty years old, you have the best of the rest of your life ahead of you. All you need to do is decide what you want and go for it. You are smart and unfairly attractive and—”
Dean ignores him. He’s fine. Just a little stiff. Bending himself into knots in one of Cas’ yoga classes definitely wouldn’t help. In fact, it would probably put him in the Emergency Room.
Dean feels nauseous when he thinks of how his dad would look at him if he became the omega pet of three alphas. He can’t even begin to imagine the disgust that would be in his eyes on top of the usual disappointment.
He discovers, once he’s in the dining room, that he’s starving. He’s half way through a pile of waffles when Charlie throws herself into a seat opposite him.
That explains the throbbing pain in his skull then. God, his neck feels like it has a major crick in it. Also, he thinks prodding experimentally at his jaw, his face fucking hurts. And what the hell… has he peed himself? His pants are disgustingly damp and weirdly warm. Oh god, Dean hasn’t pissed his pants since kindergarten and it was embarrassing enough back then. He’s never going to be able to go out in public again. He’s going to have to become a hermit. Maybe live in one of the dank caves on the beach. He’s sure he can persuade Cas to bring him down sandwiches occasionally. As long as it’s not those weird avocado concoctions Cas insists are good for him. It doesn’t matter how much he loves Cas, the dude will not persuade him that the greasy green vegetable is tasty.
He swithers over taking some of the gifts Lisa gave him over the years. In the end, he takes a few. A couple of stupidly expensive watches that he secretly loves, a painting he fell in love with when they were on vacation in Europe a few years back and the first edition Vonnegut she gave him for Christmas about eleven years ago.
“Meg,” Lisa says. “The business isn’t important.”
It turns out that Cas was right. Sun lotion does not make a good lube. Lying face to face, one leg thrown over Cas’s shoulder and the other wrapped around his waist, it’s hard to hide the fact that it hurts more than it should when Cas sinks inside of him.
“This isn’t over,” he snarls at Dean. Dean isn’t sure what
Dean can just make out Cas’ hand leaving the guy’s waist and reaching underneath him. Can see the motion of his arm as he jerks the dude off. Can imagine how it feels to have Cas’ strong artist fingers firmly gripping his dick.
The only bright point had been coming around after he’d (manfully) passed out to find Cas practically cuddling him against his chest. He can still remember how nice Cas smelled. How safe he felt with Cas’ arms wrapped around him. He doesn’t say that though, because contrary to all previous evidence, he does possess a brain to mouth filter which is now fully operational.
“What’s your family like, Cas?”
Dean rolls his eyes which doesn’t do anything to help his headache.
Dean needs to come right the fuck now. If he doesn’t touch his dick he’s scared he might humiliate himself by coming just from the feel of Cas’ spunk dripping down his chin. Except when he curls his hand around his dick, Cas stops him.
“There’s going to be photographs before we hit the press room, okay?” Sam says, leading Dean into a room that’s set up and waiting to go, lights on and a photographer standing there with a camera already in his hands.
The guy who’s just taken the mic in his hand is dressed as Batman, full rigid face mask, only his mouth and eyes visible. The way the suit hangs on his tall frame, somehow makes him appear more sinister than heroic. When he speaks, it’s obvious he’s trying to make his voice sound deeper. He’s still at least an octave higher than Idris’ Batman though.
Dean scowls when all his alphas laugh.
“Fuck,” Dean says, squinting at his watch to see it’s almost 4 in the morning. Christmas morning. “It’s Christmas.”
Maybe if Sam and Eileen lived closer it wouldn’t be so bad. At least Cas has his family a few hours away. And he has his yoga classes. And his art. He’s intelligent and witty and seriously good-looking, albeit a little weird. He’s self-confident in a way that Dean just pretends to be. His divorce from Meg didn’t seem to faze him for more than a few weeks. In fact, Meg and Cas are back to being the best of friends. Dean only knows that Meg and Lisa have set a date for their wedding because Cas told him. Meg apparently asked him to be her best man.
Dean almost falls down the last few steps trying to back away. Uriel follows.
“Tease,” Cas accuses, slapping Dean’s ass as he straddles his thighs on the lounger.
“Well, thanks very much for the pep talk, Sammy,” Dean says wryly.
Dean thinks they’re drifting from the point. “You all seem happy. Without me. I can’t see why you even need me?”
“Did Benny send you out here to look for me?” Dean asks. Ellen will have undoubtedly told him about Dean’s plans with Uriel.
“Wonderful,” Uriel says, dryly. “I’ll pick you up tomorrow at three.”
“Oh,” he says. “So, you two are…?”
“Erm, guys? You are remembering we’re here, right?”
Dean hadn’t been keen on the idea at first. He could pretend to get along with Meg and Cas when he had to. Short bursts of time were tolerable. Evenings together wooing business contacts usually went smoothly enough. Meg could hide her disdain for Dean for a few hours when the business depended on it. But, spending weekends, or weeks, together at a beach house… that wasn’t Dean’s idea of a fun time.
“Dean—” Cas starts to say, but Dean just can’t.
Cas and Sam aren’t fond of the motorcycle. Don’t share a shred of his enthusiasm for the sweet Indian that he bought a few months back. But for once, Dean stood firm, refused to give up the idea or the machine despite the never-ending lectures on safety and insurance and irate studio execs.
“Any chance you could grab me something to eat while you’re out there defending my honor?” is all he says. He’s not especially hungry, but he’s dead on his feet and he figures that food can’t hurt. When he thinks about it, he can’t actually remember eating anything all day. Dean knows just how worried Sam is when he leaves without bitching. He’d at least expected a dig about diva actors not being capable of walking to the food truck themselves.
“Anything,” Cas says, despite Deans teasing grin. “But I will expect you to spill all your dirty little secrets in return.”
It feels weird at first to push a finger in his ass but it slides in so easily now that he’s slicking up that Dean soon shoves in another alongside, moaning softly when he discovers how good it makes him feel. It’s awkward fucking himself with one hand and jerking off with the other, and he can only imagine how obscene he looks with his knees bent up and feet spread wide, toes digging into the bed sheet as his body shudders and shakes with a fast-approaching orgasm. It’s the thought of his alphas seeing him like this, the thought that it might actually happen rather than just be a far-fetched fantasy, that makes Dean clamp down around the fingers in his ass and spill his load, fast and hard enough that he pretty much blacks-out.
“Undoubtedly,” Cas says. “But, to be honest, I don’t think I care.”
“You should have woken me,” Cas grouses, following Dean through to the kitchen.
Cas breathes in deep, inhaling Dean’s scent. “Dean,” he groans, lips brushing against Dean’s neck. “God, you smell—”
“Hell yeah,” Ash drawls, holding his hand up for a high five. The glare Ellen gives Ash is dry enough to fry him on the spot, and the slap on the arm she gives Dean is hard enough to unbalance him. Sam doesn’t try to smother his laugh.
What Crowley said about Dean not wanting an alpha isn’t true either. Dean wouldn’t have gone to the Den, no matter the consequences, if, deep down, he hadn’t wanted to find someone to settle down with. A mate. Now he’s been there a few months, he’s not so sure that love is in the cards for him, but that’s because he can't find anyone who wants him, not because he doesn’t want to. He thinks.
“Jesus, where did you spring from,” Dean says.
“I can do it myself, thanks,” Dean says, rolling his eyes. He jumps onto the stage closely followed by Cas who makes a hasty exit into the wings while Dean joins the rest of the crew, setting his mask down on the table in front of him and ruffling his flattened hair.
“Hey, Sam,” Dean says as Sam walks around the car. “You have any idea what Cas is so tangled up in right now?”
Dean holds his palms up in surrender. “Okay. I get it. I mean, I don’t think the movie-going public or Idris will agree but...”
“Yes,” Dean says. “I’m sure, Ellen. I know the timing kind of sucks, but I’m not some clueless kid. I know what I want. What I need. And as long as they’ll have me, it’s them.”
“That sounds… mature?” Benny says, obviously struggling with Cas’ deadpan forthrightness.
Cas snorts into his glass. “Yes, she will. Either that or to prison. She tends to walk a fine line.”
“Yeah? Well, Lisa has her own business and her own money,” Dean says, offended on her behalf. “She worked hard for what she has.”
Dean doesn’t think too much about his slightly sinister exchange with Cas until he’s woken up at four o’clock in the morning by what sounds like a winded cow bellowing downstairs.
“And you didn’t think that was suspicious?” Dean scoffs, because Jesus Christ that kind of thing doesn’t happen in the real world, not to struggling theatre actors, not without giant strings attached. “Stop bullshitting and just tell us the damn truth for once.”
“Dean,” Cas says, looking more amused than angry now. “You’re lying in a pool of beer. You haven’t peed your pants.”
“I better not,” Sam says. “You might be my mother. But Dean is my family. He’s the one who raised me. He changed my damn diapers and taught me my first word and stopped me from hurting myself when I learned to walk. Dean made sure I didn’t go hungry. He’s the one who took me to school and helped with my homework. He protected me from the bullies and the assholes out there who thought we were easy-pickings. And trust me, living in motels and trailer parks there were a lot of skeevy assholes. Dean sacrificed everything for me over and over again, including his own damn childhood. Christ knows, he shouldn’t have had to. But he did. Without any fucking thanks. And without complaining. So, honestly, Mary, you fuck up just one more time... do anything that might hurt him? I’ll cut you off quicker than you can say selfish bitch. Understand?”
“I’m fine,” Dean says, even though he thinks Cas and Benny seem to be too busy elbowing each other out of the way to listen to him.
“Three times the love,” Cain points out.
“And you?”
“That...” not true, Dean was about to say, but when he thinks about it, it’s pretty much true. “...not the point,” he finishes weakly instead.
“Perhaps not, but he does.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Yeah, yeah.” The alpha was drooling over Charlie and Gilda a second ago. Dean obviously isn’t his type. “Look, dude—”
Cas ignores Dean’s pointed dig completely and returns doggedly to his point. “Why is Sam angry at you?”
“High standards, I see,” she smirks and walks in a circle around him. “Still, I imagine you might scrub up reasonably well with some effort. You do have a couple of rather attractive features under those appalling clothes.”
“Slacker,” Dean chuckles. For someone who owns an incredibly profitable business Cas is shockingly reluctant to sit behind a desk. Dean knows for a fact he drives his accountant and managers to the edge of quitting at least twice a month. But hell, it’s not like he doesn’t sympathize. “You want some breakfast?”
“I can manage,” Dean snaps. Fuck his head hurts and he could do without Cas staring down at him like a big-eyed judgemental owl.
“True,” Dean acknowledges. “It would have been hot if they had though. I wouldn’t have minded watching Redford give Newman a happy ending. God, I don’t know which of them I had a bigger crush on when I was a horny teenager. The nights I — “
“It’s what my mom always told me when I was little. Humans weren’t designed to be alone. They were meant to have mates. Families. Being an alpha or omega is an evolutionary advantage over everyone else. We can scent out our other half and know immediately if we’re compatible. If there’s a connection.”
Benny laughs, a full bellowing laugh that shakes his chest. “No, darlin’, you’re oblivious. It’s cute as hell.”
“Darling, I hear everything.” Bela examines her manicure with a bored expression.
Dean glares up at Benny. He hasn’t seen the security chief since the day he’d arrived. He doubts it’s coincidence that he’s seeing him now.
“Why the hell not?”
“Huh?” Dean says.
“Don’t you dare criticize my parenting skills,” Dean snarls. “Ben isn’t the one who stole a car. Or got arrested for shoplifting. Or who broke into Denny’s.”
“Did you tell her we’d already figured that one out during your last heat?” Cas asks.
The answer to that is at least is a no-brainer. “Maybe because her family are a bunch of ultra-religious right-wing dicks who believe omegas are basically mindless baby-making machines. And, dude, Ruby? You really need to find yourself some decent friends. What happened to Kevin and that cute chick? What was her name again? Jessica?”
Benny’s eyes widen, just a fraction. “You're leaving us already, Dean?”
“That bastard fucked me up, Cas,” Dean admits.
Dean carries on regardless, because he knows she’s lying. “Because I’m not exactly Scrooge-McDuck-rich, but according to Sammy here I’m not doing too shabby either.”
And it’s nice to start the day still relaxed from Cas fucking him into the mattress. That coffee must have really woken him up, because Cas was surprisingly energetic for so early in the morning. Dean isn’t complaining. Even if he is walking even more bow-legged than normal.
Cas smiles, wolfish, sets down his coffee, grabs Dean’s hand instead and tugs him in the direction of their bathroom. Dean puts up exactly zero resistance. It’s good to slip back to normal. Even if there are still issues hiding just below the surface of their gentle teasing.
“Zachariah, how lovely to see you again. Charlie, why don’t you go ahead and introduce Dean to some of our guests. You all should be mingling, isn’t that right, Mr. Adler. Tell me, how is your lovely wife?”
Dad scowls something fierce. “This town’s a dump. Nothing here for me, Dean. My face don’t fit.”
“Please don’t say I’d complete you, because I think I might barf,” Dean says dryly.
“Alright, brother?” Benny says with a smile. “I hope these two reprobates ain’t bothering you?”
Dean finally manages to put an end to Cas’ naked tyranny by cranking up the air-con up to hoodie levels of comfort, thanking his lucky stars that Cas’ dire grasp of household technology means he doesn’t even know where the air-con controls are.
Compartmentalizing, Cas calls it. Shutting down his emotions, Dean thinks is more honest. He doesn’t like it. Doesn’t like the feeling that Cas is hiding his feelings.
“I... it...” Mary falters, her face flushing, and Dean suspects whatever she’s about to say is going to be a lie. “Believe it or not, I don’t exactly watch TMZ,” she says, smiling faintly. “And as I was saying, I spent a lot of time abroad.”
“Oh, peachy, Sam.” Dean rolls his eyes, his head thunking back against the seat rest again. “Thanks for not making the situation any worse.”
“Sam, look at you... so tall,” she says. She’s not tall, not like Dean remembers. She must barely come up to Dean’s shoulder. She shifts on her chair, like she’s about to jump up and walk around the table towards them, but stops dead when Dean takes a defensive step back.
Cas’s fingers squeeze his shoulder, his eyes radiating calm. “Do you want me to pull you out of here?”
“Oh yeah, he’s here too. We’re doing our best to avoid each other.”
Dean does understand. But that doesn’t mean it’s okay. And it’s worrying that Cas doesn’t understand why. “I don’t want you to protect me like this. I don’t need you to. Not by lying to me. And following Alastair around like that? Jesus... what if he’d... he’d attacked
Mary leans across the table. “I didn’t know he would leave, Dean. He had a home, and the garage and two small boys.”
They kiss like it’s the first time. Like they’re just discovering how magical the press of their lips is. And then Dean is almost tying himself into a knot attempting to crawl into Cas’s lap.
“Like I said,” she says, “too long. How you boys doing?”
As he lets himself him into the beach house, Dean can’t help but wonder how much of those good memories are real. If Lisa spent every minute she was here with Dean wishing it was Meg she was with. If she and Meg fucked in every room. If they fucked in Dean and Lisa’s bed.
Cas squints at him, unconvinced. “There was blood, you— ”
Relishing in the fact that for once he feels like he has the upper hand, Dean teases, licking his spoon with far more tongue action than is ever necessary to use on a spoon. Cain stares, entranced, his eyes following Dean when he stands up and prowls towards him. He stops breathing altogether when Dean straddles his lap, wraps his arms around Cain’s neck and says. “Since the very first day I came here, I told everyone who would listen that I wanted to marry the person who made these pies. And I don’t think I’ve changed my mind.”
“Oh?” Dean repeats, sharper this time.
“You will?” Cas asks, eyes crinkling at the corners, and cheeks tinged pink.
“Bring it on, Winchester,” Cas calls after him as Dean stomps back up the stairs.
Cas is looking down at him, his displeasure evident despite the lack of light in the room. “Oh yes, there’s the Dean Winchester charm we all know and love.”
“Well, it’s not like I made it easy for you,” Dean admits, a rueful smile twitching valiantly at his lips.
That was a lot of words to tell Dean his name. Dean loses his train of thought midway through. The alpha has very pink lips. And very nice teeth. And…
“Nope,” Dean says, in a tone of voice which implies the opposite.
Things are quiet for a few days after that. Dean’s back in a bit of a slump, where just getting out of bed and having a shower feels like a major achievement. Thankfully, Cas seems to have temporarily ceased hostilities and decided to stay out of his way.
“My facilitator?” Dean asks. He does not like the sound of that.
Dean, who’s patience is not legendary, nudges him after a minute. “You alright there, Cas?”
Dean sits up and shuffles forward on the bike, jerking his head to the side so Cas takes the hint.
“Yeah, for a couple of hours anyway. Will you go?”
“Your wife left you too,” Dean yells, shoving Cas in the chest to get him out of his face. “And at least Ben is at college. A prestigious college. He’s not just bumming around Europe.”
“Hey,” Dean protests, with a wink that makes it very clear he doesn’t actually mind. “Don’t objectify me.”
“Sam,” Mary says, not noticing Dean and Cas immediately. “I’m sorry to burst in uninvited.”
“I didn’t even think you liked him,” Charlie says, grabbing the last remaining brownie from the plate before Dean can snatch it up.
Reading his mind perfectly, Cas gently offers a suggestion. “Perhaps a break might be worth considering. I think we could all use a vacation. Some time to relax and recharge.”
He goes straight to his room, avoiding everyone, sits down on his bed and lets his head fall into hands.
That’s when it slowly dawns on Dean that his inside monologue isn’t actually staying inside. He clamps his lips together firmly before he can say anything else embarrassing. Like how stupidly cute Cas looks with that Santa hat perched on his head. God, his hair is going to look all messy and sexier than ever when he finally takes it off. Dean hopes daddy-issues twink appreciates it.
Dean does as he’s told. He plays with his balls while Alastair snaps away with his camera making encouraging noises. When Alastair tells him to lick his hand and jack his dick he doesn’t say no. He tilts his head back, closes his eyes and does as he’s told.
Sam huffs, but no way is Dean missing a chance to needle him about his hair. And if it helps break some of the godawful tension... job done.
“The producers approached me a few weeks ago, showed me what Marv has in the can. From what I’ve seen I can salvage most of the movie with my magical re-editing skills, I mainly just need extra footage of you being a tortured soul. A pretty, pouty, manfully teary, tortured soul.”
Dean’s not sure he wouldn’t have given in and gone for it if Becky hadn’t wandered in looking for a book on her newest obsession and raised the alarm when she found Bela all but chasing Dean around the sofas.
“Relieved?” Dean stops just before the bottle touches his lips to look incredulously at Lisa. “Relieved that you’ve been cheating on me? Relieved that our whole relationship has been a lie?”
Ellen shakes her head. “Don’t smart mouth me, Dean Winchester.”
“And this…” Dean gestures around them. “This is you howling at the moon?”
There’s obviously something on Meg’s mind this evening though. She’s not made one sarcastic quip about Dean’s table manners, even when one of his clams ended up on his lap, and she keeps shooting Cas anxious sidelong glances. Lisa’s acting weird too, laughing too loudly at Cas’ yoga-class stories and going off on a tangent about the best way to make shrimp risotto. As far as Dean’s aware, she’s never made risotto in her life. He’s never even seen her eat risotto.
“You touch me and I’ll kill you, I swear,” Dean warns, low and mean as he can.
His dick is so hard now it’s painful and he feels so weirdly empty he thinks he might go mad.
Dean pauses, rooted to the spot as his gaze drifts over the three alphas, his mouth turning dry. Three sets of blue eyes stare back up at him.
“But you didn’t? You didn’t touch him?”
Dean gets out of the shower before that train of thought leads to him needing an even longer shower.
Cas is waiting for him when Dean opens the door. He’s sitting on the comfiest sofa in the library, the one that sucks you in and doesn’t want to let you up again. Cas, obviously unaware of the carnivorous sofa, gets flustered when he struggles to stand up and the sofa refuses to let him go without a fight. Dean takes pity on him and sinks down beside him instead.
They’re encouraged to find a life partner, not just someone they want to screw senseless.
Today, there’s no ignoring the fact that Dean’s packing up and leaving his dad and brother behind though.
“No, Dean,” Cas says. “No, that’s… absolutely not. Uriel and Zachariah are the ones at fault here. And while we didn’t want to pressure you into accepting our attempts at courting you, Cain, Benny and I also have to take some of the blame in letting you go off at Adler’s bidding without a fight. I should have stepped in as soon as I heard Uriel’s name mentioned.”
That doesn’t appease Ben quite the way Dean had hoped it would.
Cas’ cock puts Lisa’s fake one to shame. And though his mouth is watering and his dick is crushing hard against his zipper, Dean’s nerves must be obvious.
Ellen has a handshake that almost leaves Dean wincing, and a steely look in her eyes that Dean has seen in more than one teacher in his life. If his first impression is right, Ellen is not someone to mess with.
“Yes, well,” Cain says, picking his serviettes off his lap and wiping his fingers on it. “Perhaps if Benny, Cas and I had acted on our feelings sooner, you wouldn’t have felt the need to go searching for what you thought you were lacking.”
And Cas can be a scary son of a bitch when he wants to be. Even if he tries not to let Dean see it. Behind his boyfriend’s yoga-loving facade lies a steel core. And a possessiveness that Dean laughs at, but secretly finds hot as hell. Part of him does wish that Cas was here right now, glaring at Marv the Moron like he’s secretly planning how to kill him and dispose of the body. But... yeah, if Dean has his way Cas isn’t allowed back on set until after the Joker’s killed Jason Todd, again.
“My apologies,” Cas says, straightening up and trying to untangle himself from Dean and the sofa. “It was all my fault.”
“I mean, really, Dean, one omega mating with three alphas. Under Ellen’s roof? That’s bound to cause a scandal I’m sure Ellen could do without.”
Garth brightens immediately, not one to hold a grudge. “So, I have three alphas lined up for you.”
But Dean can’t find it in himself to play nice. To pretend that this is all okay. Not even for Sam.
Dean can’t control his grin, or his eyebrow wriggle. “I have a few ideas.”
It takes a while for the dust to settle. For the cops to take Marv away. To take statements. Cas shouldn’t be in trouble for the state of Marv’s bloodied face. Not considering Dean’s injuries, and Marv’s insane ramblings. And the knife.
“I passed out!”
Dean thinks he might throw up.
Dean barely touches lunch when Sam finally appears with it. Partly because he doesn’t have much of an appetite and partly because Sam’s almost squashed the sandwiches into an unrecognizable mush.
