"So, do we know them?"Clint asks, leaning to whisper into Steves ear, failing whenever his voice comes out louder than what he thought.
“Hey,” Bucky broke in, a couple of the Howlies trailing behind him.  “Steve, you played with Rumlow, right?”
“I’m not embarrassed of you, if that’s what you’re thinking,” Steve told the firefly that had landed on Tony’s knee.
She led him over to a warren of pens that held dogs of all shapes and sizes, and steered him to a beautiful golden retriever that started wagging his tail excitedly at their approach.  “Hey Wylie Coyote,” Dolores greeted him.  She stepped over the barricade and he immediately came over to sniff at her knees, his whole hind end waggling with excitement.  She clipped a sturdy rope leash to his collar before leading him out of his enclosure.  “He’s not a jumper.  The man who surrendered him was moving to a smaller place after his divorce and just didn’t have the room or the time.”
Back at the house, Steve slugged down the protein shake he’d left in the fridge then pelted up the stairs for the shower tossing a “make yourself at home” over his shoulder.  He rushed through a quick shower, but drew up short over the prospect of getting dressed again.  What, he wondered, did one wear to a second date that might actually be a decoy for Netflix and chill.  And a second date that he might not actually mind if it turned out to involve a little and chill.
Steve nodded.  “Yeah.  Fury and Danvers needed...to talk.”  He wasn’t sure if Fitz’s nagging injury was common knowledge or not, so until someone else brought it up, he wouldn’t.
Steve stood, cutting off the followup from the NFL Network journalist.  “I’m sorry, but I’m getting the ‘hurry up’ from the crew, so I think it’s time for me to let you go.”
Can I just say, researching NFL players and their diet plans was WILD.  I read an article once a few years ago where JJ Watt described his body as a sports car and that he refused to put bad fuel in the tank.  I sort of understood, but something about this project has made me get it.
Tony walked back over to the suit, and it peeled open again to allow him to step back in.  Once it closed around him, he clomped after Steve back into the house and went to leave the armor in the library while Steve started loading the dishwasher.
At one point, he paused to text Bucky a question about Fury’s fourth down attempt rate, but otherwise they spent the morning quietly uninterrupted until the chime of the Feed the Body alarm on his phone made Steve stop.  As soon as he finished the play he was working on, he turned around to ask Tony what he wanted for lunch, but Tony had wandered off.
“You ready to be free from all this?  Classes? Curfews? Us?” Brennan asked as he and Devin clambered off Steve’s bed and made for the door.
“Now explain again why we’re having a bike rally as our kickoff event?” Sam asked as he and Steve piled off the subway and headed up the station stairs in the midst of a throng of Avengers fans.
In his bedroom, Steve didn’t bother to turn on any lights, letting the glow from the streetlamp across the street bathe the bedroom in amber shadows as he got ready for bed.  Just like in his own home, Tony didn’t stand on any sort of ceremony as he stripped off Steve’s clothes and left them on the Clothes Chair next to the closet before he dove into the unused side of the bed in only his underwear.  Steve followed a moment later, grinning when Tony weaseled as close as he could get in the circle of Steve’s arms.
I’m not gonna lie, writing this chapter made me kind of sad since this year’s Draft got cancelled, but hey, we get this one, and this one’s got Stony!
She clambered back into her car then turned and waved out the driver’s side window.  “Good luck tonight!”
They pulled to a stop under a portico at the Flamingo, and she turned around in her seat, grinning.  “You’d do that? For me? They’d love that!”
In the elevator, Steve collapsed against the back wall of the car with a sigh and closed his eyes.  “I think I know what you meant, ma,” he murmured to himself.
Bucky’s answering smile lit up his whole face.  “Thanks, man.  They knew just who I needed when I came looking for Alpine, so I’m glad I can help them too.”
“That’s...subtle,” Sam jabbed him in the ribs as they stepped up for their turn to moving stretches.
The front five hand apparently sorted themselves out because they started actually blocking instead of just tugging on their assignment and getting penalized, and left the rest of the offense better able to focus on moving the ball forward instead of making up yards from lazy play penalties.  By the end of the first, Fitz had linked up with Hopkins for a catch-and-run that involved two smoothly broken tackles on his way to the endzone, but Brock had answered right back with a touchdown pass of his own two drives later.  Midway through the second, a field goal had put the Serpents briefly on top, but Clint came back and nailed a 50-yard field goal right before the half to pull them back even.
Inside the shop, they shed coats and Tony wandered away to look at the flash on the walls while Steve went over to speak with the young man with artificially red hair at the counter, the weight of the slip of paper in his pocket almost overwhelming.
“It’s an easy way to connect with teams during the draft process and with the fans once you’re drafted.  Most players have Twitter, Instagram...something,” she pressed.
Steve grimaced at that image, but Tony just chuckled softly.  “It lets me power the suit, so who am I to complain, really.”
Steve smiled.  “I’m very happy to have the opportunity to play for such a well-respected organization so close to home.”
Now, though, standing in a hotel room, straightening his tie, preparing to go and wait for his name to be called on national television, the prospect of making a living off his art seemed as distant and surreal as he imagined this life seemed to their Uber driver.
In this universe, The University of Texas still plays Texas A&M on Thanksgiving Day.  Why?  Because I need Steve to have Thoughts about out-of-normal schedules.  And maybe (just maybe) because I miss the UT/A&M game.
Steve winked.  “You may not have heard, but some weirdo billionaire is paying me to play football for him.  Takes a lot of energy.”
Tony shrugged, clearly undeterred.  “I can bring a laptop and do SI stuff.  Or Iron Man stuff. I’ll figure it out.”  He nudged Steve’s arm as he pushed up to standing.  “You don’t have to
She spent the next hour walking them through the basics for the actual employment side of being a professional athlete.  At one point about halfway through, Steve scribbled in the margins of his notes “why is job orientation boring literally everywhere?”  Sam glanced over and saw it and snorted with repressed laughter.
Dev shrugged again.  “I guess so, yeah. He’s got like a daughter or something that works for him too.  Ky’s talked to her a few times when Abe was in the middle of something. Says she knows her shit.”
Sunday had passed in a blur of shopping, meal prep, helping Sam get moved in, and tidying, so that by the time he’d collapsed into bed, he’d hardly had a moment the whole day to be nervous about his first day.  Monday morning, however, was a different story. He’d woken up with butterflies that refused to settle, and an endless litany of ‘what if’ running through his head. What if he couldn’t keep up. What if he couldn’t click with the offense.  What if he couldn’t live up to expectations.
“Okay, okay, focus,” Steve called them back to attention.  A glance at the clock and he settled under his center for the last time as a college player.  “Release on two..one...
Steve tugged his shoes off and lined them up along the outside of the couch right as Tony flopped down next to him and the opening credits started to roll.  Tony pulled his knees up to his chest and wiggled further down into both the couch and Steve.
Last thing: I’ve flung a whole bunch of post-2000 players from UT into a blender and hit pulse a few times to build the tail end of Steve’s college experience, so don’t get too attached to these guys...Steve and Nat are the only ones who’ll be hanging around.
Natasha glanced up from her phone as they stepped on the escalator.  “When we get downstairs, don’t stop. Vegas is a mob scene on a regular weekend, and this weekend everyone wants a piece of draftee meat. I’ve got an Uber waiting for us.”
Steve rolled his eyes.  “I coulda told you that.”  He settled back against the tree, watching with a smirk at Tony trying so hard to look at ease sitting on the grass.  “So what’s the plan?  You mentioned a movie, but I’m gonna need to eat too at some point and I should probably get cleaned up before you let me sit on any of your fancy furniture.”
“You do realize I don’t expect you to say the right thing every single time you open your mouth, right?”
Saturday morning after a quick sprints and endurance workout, Steve had barely turned off the shower when he heard Sam yelling for him from upstairs.
Steve didn’t trust the silence that greeted him when he slipped in the front door, and he scurried for his room, hoping he’d be able to slip in before Sam realized he was here.  He hit the top of the stairs, and frowned at Sam sitting waiting for him at the bottom of the stairs up to his third floor apartment.
“Coach said you were asking for me?” he hazarded, letting himself grip the ball in both hands once she’d released him.
Steve stood to take his next shot, cursing the act-don’t-think streak his mom had scolded him about every time he’d come home with a black eye and bloody knuckles in junior high.  Apparently he still had it. He glared down at the little crosshairs on the ball as if the black cross and red circle were mocking him. Using his swing to punish the ball didn’t make him feel much better either.  He watched his ball bounce into the net lit up white to avoid having to face Tony a little longer, but the sound of him clearing his throat forced Steve to turn around.
“Jackie and I finished downstairs, so we came up to help you and Bucky,” he shrugged.  “Well, I guess just you now.”
Fury emptied the backfield and stacked the receiving corps in preparation for a long bomb.  On the other side of the field, Schmidt backed up his defensive secondary and spread them out, so they were all ready to cover deep routes.
Bucky pushed him, laughing when Steve rolled easily onto his back in the grass.  “Of course I’m sure.  Just bring whatever you were gonna make and we’ll add it to the spread.”
“Nope.”  He stepped back and grabbed Steve’s hands.  “Come on, let me show you my fancy bachelor pad.”
Wanda tapped at her phone a few more moments then looked up with a smile.  “Got it.  Photos are ready, I just need the link to his bio and we’re good to post.”
Steve took a slow breath, even as he felt the sharp drop of ice in his gut.  “So?” he asked, relieved his voice came steady but not sharp.
He took a deep breath, and Steve could see the resolve harden in Tony’s eyes.  “I like you.  I want to spend time with you.  I
Tony shook his head.  “Not always.  But today was a damn nightmare of meetings and calls and trying to ensure people were going to be able to meet deadlines on deliverables and just...bullshit that all meant I didn’t want to be running around in dress shoes all day.”
“Assholes,” Steve muttered at the screen when the three con artists started trying to trick Susy into thinking they were different people.
Bucky followed Steve while he tugged on a play wristband.  Bucky stopped him when he turned away from the bench, helmet in hand.  “Don’t...don’t worry about Fitzy.  We’ve got medical for that.  You just…” he sighed.  “You just pick up where he left off and get us over the line.”
“C’mere,” Steve demanded, grabbing clumsily for Tony with fingers still tingling with fading sparks of pleasure.  “Wanna…”
“Coach?” he asked as he trotted over to the sideline.  “I know it looked messy, but we had the route--”
Steve nodded, still trying to ignore the feeling of eyes on the back of his neck.  “Lay on, Macduff.”
Later, when they were sitting in the outdoor bar on the TopGolf roof, Tony nudged his ankle with the toe of his shoe.  “So...worth it?”
“Plenty of things still need work, obviously,” Danvers jumped in.  “Some speed and timing work, some play selection, route identification, but that’s true of any rookie coming out of college.  You’re used to a slower game with more time to make decisions.”
They threw, Bucky stepping back every time he passed the ball back to Steve, and Steve didn’t ask if Fitz was okay.  When the TV timeout official stepped onto the field while Fitz still lay on his back where he’d gone down, the whole stadium groaned.  Carol and Fury came over and talked at Steve, reviewing their game plan and the Serpents’ defensive schemes, but Fury abandoned them when the lead trainers brought the medical cart out.
“That sounds perfect, Steve.  I look forward to hearing from you.”  She smiled.  “I’ll let you get back to your event.”
“You know how superstitious athletes are,” Steve explained.  “She wanted to know if I thought you wearing my jersey...I don’t know...put it out in the universe that I should be playing instead of him.”
“You’ve been together a hot minute, haven’t you?” She asked as she fitted a new, clean needle and opened a new container of black ink.
“That’s very true,” Tony nodded.  He sidled up under Steve’s arm again as they made their way slowly towards the elevator.  “I don’t belong to my company and my name’s on the damn door, so you should certainly have more leeway.”
Steve shrugged.  “Mostly. Bucky and his friends really helped.”  He glanced at Tony out of the corner of his eye. “Thanks for that, by the way.”
Sam laid his hand on Steve’s arm, stilling him.  “You and I both know what this game and this league does to people.  I pushed too hard for something you weren’t ready to share, and that’s on me.”  He eyeballed Steve, something else clearly on the tip of his tongue.
Steve smiled, warmed now by more than just the radiant heat coming off the house.  “Just at home.  Working on the bike.”
Steve watched Tony admire the bike, prodding occasionally at different parts of the underbelly.  “So not to be ‘that guy’, but unless you want hungry to become hangry, I should probably eat,” Steve said after another moment of watching Tony poke at his bike.
The ball hit his hands cleanly, and he handed off smoothly.  He dropped back going through his pass prep motion as if he still had the ball in hand, and smiled as the free safety took the bait and came straight for him.  The center and the right guard started pushing toward the far sideline while the right tackle pushed towards the near sideline. Jamaal slipped through the gap they made like it was nothing.  A stutter step and he was free. He made it a few yards past the down marker before a couple of the Tigers’ secondary brought him down, but it didn’t matter. It was enough.
“Thank you, ma’am,” Fury said, coming to stand next to her.  “Now, I’m not gonna spend a lot of time talking to you because we have a lot to do and, as always, less time than I’d like to get it done.  But we’ve got a solid group of guys assembled this year, and you’re going to be some of them. And while I may be in charge, I’m a big believer in compartmentalization.  What that means is, the rest of my staff are experts in the thing they do, so that they can each train you up the best they can. And if you listen to them during the week and listen to me on Sundays, we’re gonna come out on top.”  He glanced down at the tablet he’d laid on the front table. “Before we can get you in with equipment and in the gym for a little wakeup workout, take a look at the tablet in front of you. This is my playbook. Now it’s your playbook.  I sincerely hope it’s going to become your best friend.” He fixed them with his one good eye. “You won’t be happy if it doesn’t.”
Also, Steve’s college (which may or may not be my alma mater) is playing the championship game at the Rose Bowl because when Texas won the national title at the Rose Bowl back in 2005, that was the best game I’ve ever been to in my life, and no, I’ll never be over it.
Steve trotted after Tony, laughing.  “Coulda. Wasn’t.” He fell in step with Tony easily, the pair of them strolling with the crowds on the Strip.
“See, this is why Rhodey and Fury liked you,” Tony said, dropping down into the chair next to Steve.  “You’ve got snap.”
Steve watched Tony’s lashes flutter as he blinked.  Down at their hands laying next to each other, up at Steve’s face.  When Tony looked at him, he shook his head, the barest hint of movement, and leaned in himself.  “You’re not.”
“Swearing only means you don’t have anything more intelligent to say,” he retorted primly, which only made his receivers laugh harder.
“The analysts Rhodeybear had running the interviews called him as soon as you left and he called me.  Never been to the Combine in my life. Never wanted to. But I flew to Indy and spent the rest of the week watching you work because of your interview.”
“Of course you’re still here,” T’Challa materialized in the fourth seat at their table, protein shake in hand.  “Fury wouldn’t let an arm and a mind like yours go so easily.  Especially not…” he raised an eyebrow as if that should convey the rest of his sentence.
“Something smells good down here.”  He rounded the corner.  “What’s for dinner and can I have some?”
Tony straightened up after a bit, his whole face still hazy and pleasure drunk, and he trailed his fingers through his own come on Steve’s chest.  “Now you really are mine.”
Tony grinned.  “I know just the thing.”  When Steve tried to lean over and peek, he clutched Steve’s phone to his chest and shooed him off his chair with a small flick of his fingers.  “Go get your shoes.  I want this to be a surprise.”
Steve offered him a lopsided smile.  “Good.  I still got a thing or two to learn from you, you know.”
Steve’s head popped out of the neck of an Avengers T-shirt and he pretended to consider before he said, “Seems reasonable.”
She stood and squeezed Steve’s shoulder.  “You’re supposed to be at the Bellagio two hours before the first round starts to make yourself available to the media, so I’m going to get out of your hair.  I’ll come back and get you in an hour?”
“The point of all this,” Fury said, still giving Carol a bit of a hairy eyeball, “is that a big part of the plan for this week has come down to quarterback choices.  Fitzsimmons has a bit of a lingering knee issue from his college days, and it’s giving him a bit of trouble.”  He leaned forward on his elbows.  “Between that and your play this past weekend, the plan is to give you the start in Atlanta.  You’ll have the opportunity to play the whole game, but Fitz will be there to give you the benefit of his wisdom and Isaiah will be there as your backup.”
“You are literally from Boston,” Steve retorted, poking his head back out of the sitting room-cum-closet.  “I’m sure there’s plenty of ‘creative’ floorplans in Boston houses.”
“Except that random undrafted free agent who’s trying to avoid practice squad or waivers,” Bucky pointed out.  He leaned back and grinned at Steve.  “You’ll have a front row seat to all this since you’ll probably get to play most of the games.  Fitzy’ll do a series or two, get the cobwebs loose, then Fury’ll stick you in.  He might bring you out to let Bradley run a series if we’re way up or way down.”
Y’all, let’s be clear, the NFL does not give one single shit if you’re hurt.  They roll that cart out there, load your ass up, and the game moves on.  It can feel a little impersonal, especially when it’s one of your faves getting carted off (hello, JJ Watt), but you must remember, at the end of the day, for good and ill, the NFL is a business.  Plus, let’s be honest, it can feel quite invasive and voyeuristic to watch someone who’s injured receiving first aid from the safety of our living rooms.
Steve dug his fingers into Tony’s hair; the sensation of the soft strands a counterpoint to the sucking kisses Tony was layering onto his hips and thighs as he meandered lower.  “I thought I was p-promised a lobotomy?”
“I got outta my special teams meeting early on Wednesday, and I heard Fury talking to the offensive coordinator on my way to media,” Clint put in.  “They both think you’ve got a steadier hand and a cooler head, so they were saying you’d be Fitz’s number two and Bradley’d go back to the practice squad.”
When they made it back to the locker room, Fitz dragged Steve with him into the training room to talk strategy while one of the trainers iced his knee and injected him with an anti-inflammatory.
“No, I know, but…” Steve took a deep breath and took the plunge.  “She was talking about dating and she basically said not to date anyone that would make your narrative off the field to overshadow your narrative on the field.  And I--I think I get it, but I guess at the same time I...don’t.”
A man in an ESPN bib grabbed Steve by his shoulder pads and maneuvered him next to a diminutive woman with bright blonde hair and bold red lipstick with a vaguely predatory gleam in her eye.  She kept her hands off him long enough for him to pull his helmet off, then gripped his elbow, clearly unwilling to miss out on getting the first post-game interview with the winning quarterback by letting him get swept up by his teammates.
“Your girl.  Few fans tweeted about seeing you in Midtown after the game.  When I called Nat because you weren’t answering, she mentioned it.”
Steve spread the pillowcase from the set of ratty old bedsheets he’d repurposed as drop cloths over the parts he’d laid out and labelled and stood up.  “I can probably find you something.”
“I don’t know what your idea of a good time is.”  Tony shrugged, defensiveness creeping into his voice.
“Erskine,” Devin answered.  “Old white dude. Used to be a coach or analyst or something.  He’s legit.”
me, Steve.  I had a good time with you on Draft Night and I want to have a good time with you after your first week.  Whatever that looks like.”
One of the young ladies Steve remembered from Monday joined them at the copier, a patient smile on her face.  “Steve?”
Let us proceed apace with the handwaving!  I’ve rolled the rookie mini-camp and the beginning of OTAs into one because pacing.  Aso, I know a bit about OTAs from friends who have been in and around the League...this is not in any way a flex, it’s just a statement.  And what I’ve learned from talking to them is this: actual rookie camps and the vast majority of OTAs are BORING.  Think back on the last time you had to go through orientation for your job...pretty dull amiright?  The NFL ain’t no different.  So we’re going to tart it up a bit, for the Dramz, obviously.
Steve rolled his eyes and stood to clean up his dishes.  “See, you say I’m a wuss, but when I’m still hangin’ around come the regular season, I doubt you’ll be complaining.”
“O...kay?”  Tony rested his spoon on the edge of the container.  “I feel like there’s some more here that I’m missing.”
“Facing you or not?” she asked as she started running the tiny disposable razor over the inside of his throwing arm.
He set his phone on the tiny shelf over the sink, got in the tub and yanked the shower curtain closed, hiding from the damn thing
“Okay, y’all know what to do.  Ya been doin’ it all season. Just one more play.  Bleed the clock then snap it.” Phillips nodded around the huddle.  “Now get out there and get it done.”
Laughing, Steve trotted downstairs and stopped to pull a couple waters out of the fridge before he went back outside and carefully uncovered his parts again and started fitting them together.
Tony trapped his arm against his side like that would retroactively keep Steve from accidentally ejecting himself from a thrill ride.  “Please tell me you’re joking.”
“I think there’s unpolished intimacy in bare feet,” Steve said softly then smiled when Tony curled his bare toes around the crossbar on his chair.  “Tell me something unedited?”
Steve rolled his eyes then dropped one of his shirts from the Combine and a pair of Avengers joggers on the bed for him.  “You get what’s at the top of the drawer that doesn’t look like I ran through a chipper shredder while I was wearing it.”  He pointed at the door to the closet.  “There’s empty hangers on the bottom rail so your suit doesn’t get all wrinkled.”
“Nothin’.  Mind your business,” Bucky yelled back.  He turned back to Steve.  “Seriously.  I don’t care who it is, they don’t treat you right, they can answer to me.  Also, this isn’t my business to tell, so don’t worry about any of..that.”  He eyeballed Steve one more time before he flopped back down.  “You look happy.  Looks good on ya.”
“Great.”  Dum Dum pulled out his phone and dialled.  At the tinny, distant ‘hello?’ he barked “Where the hell are you?”  A pause. “I mean, I guess. You know the guys and I don’t care. Hang on, I’ll ask.”  He pulled the phone away from his face. “You care if Stark comes and eats with us?”
Steve closed his eyes and let himself sink into sensation as Tony bent and started trailing kisses haphazardly down his neck and across his chest.  He paused to lick at Steve’s nipple, the edge of teeth making Steve arch and gasp.
Steve laughed.  “I could tell.  Please don’t call me your bowl of cereal you’ve left out for an hour.”
gonna go eat on the patio.”  He jabbed a fork into his bowl and grabbed the jar of tahini before stalking out the back door and closing it sharply behind him.
Steve leaned back against the shade of the house.  “So what’s up?  Why’re you testing out pet names on me via text?”
“Eight losses in college, counting my redshirt season.  Probably twice as many losses in high school...and around the same number for junior high.”
,”  Steve insisted in the face of Natasha’s clearly sceptical expression.  “Look, if I tell you, you cannot flip out.”
They broke down the first drive, leaning their heads together when the call for “Avengers, it’s third down!” boomed over the PA.
A gentle hand on his arm made Steve look up.  Tony waited until Steve’s posture relaxed before he spoke.  “This--you--I
“Is this for my duck sized horses and horse sized duck problem?” Steve asked, glancing at Tony out of the corner of his eye, a shy smile teasing at the corners of his lips.
“Are you worried about the number of snaps you’ll get since there’s already a starter in place?”  ESPN had apparently already settled on the narrative they were going to play up.
Once again, thanks and love to Betheflame and Kestrel337 for incomparable beta work, cheerleading, and "hey, this doesn't make a lick of sense"-ing.
As always, thanks to Betheflame and Kestrel337 for exemplary beta, cheer, and handholding.  This would not be what it is without y'all.
Steve followed her through the warren of cubicles and offices that made up the media relations suite, looking at the posters of prior legends lining the walls.  “You kept the Jets pictures?”
“Careful, people will start thinking I’m more than just your agent,” she said with a smirk as she took his arm.
They exchanged their goodnights, and Steve closed his door behind them with a small sigh.  It was nearing midnight, and he should really be going to bed himself, but Devin’s insistence that both Erskine and Natasha ‘knew their shit’ kept coming back to him as he showered and brushed his teeth.
“Sentry mode,” Tony said absently to the suit, and it closed back up and took up a ready stance, one palm out as it pivoted gently back and forth.
Sharon smiled back and patted his wrist.  “Of course.  You’re not the first player who’s wanted privacy following a loss like this, and you certainly won’t be the last.”
“Is pocket sand an option?” he asked himself as he trundled down the stairs to get the door.  He prayed Sam would just leave it, but he did also understand Sam’s confusion.  Team owners did not take this much of a personal interest in a new draftee this long after signing and this long before the season actually started.
A glance at her watch, and Pepper started to gather her phone and portfolio, nodding to Fury and Tony.  “Gentlemen, if you would.” She smiled at the press pool. “If you’ll excuse us, we need to get ready for the next round, but Mr. Rogers is available for a few more of your followup questions.”
Steve shook himself, staring down at the tiny white ball.  Everyone said Tony Stark flirted like breathing. This wasn’t anything more than a celebratory game with his newest employee.
“Right here gentlemen,” the stage manager interrupted them.  “We’ll start with everyone then just Steve.”
“James Barnes.  Friends call me Bucky.”  Bucky stuck his hand not encumbered by the brace out with a winning smile.
Steve flopped back on the grass again and let his eyes slip closed as the stultifying heat slowed him to a gradual stop.  The sunlight flared red behind his closed eyes and the bit of breeze kept him from melting into the ground.  He could have happily slipped into a light doze there in the grass, but his phone buzzing against his leg had Steve wriggling it out of the pocket of his compression shorts, and he cracked one eye open so he could hit the answer button.  “‘Lo?”
Dot rolled her eyes.  “Oh get lost and go warm up.”  She caught Steve’s eye and waved.  “Good to see you again, Steve, good luck today.”
“I hate these kinds of games,” Carol muttered from near Steve’s elbow as Fitz got the offense lined up to start another drive from the Serpents’ 31.  “Too…”  she waved her hand at the field, “too tenuous.”
Monty’s head disappeared back inside the window, and Steve collapsed on the front steps.  Dum Dum pulled open the door and just stood in the doorway staring at him. “You okay, there?”
“Pretty bad,” Bucky confirmed.  “I got a lot more responsibility after J.Joe had that career-ender last year, and the talking heads were all over me.  Didn’t help, of course, that he and I were teaming up on some double coverage when he went down.  So ‘do you feel responsible?’ wasn’t
They lay in the gathering dark for a while longer before Steve untangled his hands from around Tony’s waist and clapped twice, making the living room lamps turn on.
“He’s not far off,” Wanda jumped in when Sharon got distracted by a ding from her email.  “You’ve done media guide profiles while you were at Texas, I’m sure?”
There's a pain within Tony at those memories, of how it felt to be held by someone who he cared for, by people who had cared for him. And now, Tony can't even dare to think of Steve caring for him, of his state of mind, of his health, of how he is, much like Tony still cares for him in those ways. Steve's hatred and anger and betrayal that Tony had inflicted himself is still vivid in Tony's mind, of how Tony had changed someone, someone so sweet and kind and caring to have hatred for someone. For Tony.
"Alright, we're coming."Bucky and Steve say in unison, already heading out the front door, ready to fight until frostbite takes over their body.
It took Tony an astonishing 2 weeks to notice what was wrong with his dinner invitation and it took him even longing to realise exactly why Bruce hadn't responded. Tony's invitation to dinner was not only ambiguous, it was a anonymous. Tony was essentially inviting a stranger to dinner without even telling such stranger who the invitation was from. He also made it out to be overly formal and creepy. Tony was beginning to feel like one of his many suitors.
"I'm fine, just...tired."He lies, not looking at Sarah as he quickly takes his pain and heart medication without any hassle."I'm going to go to sleep now, thank you Sarah."
"You're looking good."Tiberius seems to purr, emerging from a crowd and blocking the path that people seem to relaxingly make at Galas and banquets, enough room for waiters and cocktail waitresses to shimmy with their tray of drinks and tiny foods and one that Tony was using as a quick escape to the bar. His shoulder is pressed against Tony's own but not for long.
"Of course as a member of the Military, and further more under Stark Insurance, your medical bills will be covered, this also includes that of travel and accommodation expenses when you are not staying here in the hospital. There is-"
But at the hospital, Tony is working with so many different types of people. He's with doctors, nurses, orderlies, students, cleaners, police officers, paramedics, patients, families, children, spouses, friends, neighbours. His job isn't just to build, designs fit, it's to talk to his patients and to their families, it's to engage them with what he's doing, to reassure and calm and it's so outside of Tony's comfort zone that the itch under his skin, the social anxiety of it all, never really seems to fade away, but only dulls at certain moments and pulses at others.
"How do you know?"Steve asks, already climbing into the double bed and scooting closer to his best friends warmth with a yawn. He doesn't question what Bucky is doing here this time, he has learned long ago to not question what Bucky does and to just go with the flow.
There's a trail of wires coming out from the back of his left hand, leading to the heart monitor and a fluids sack, as his eyes trail further up to his body he notices the white fabric bandages tightly wrapped around his biceps, his shoulders and chest, making him unable to see the da mange done to his skin, but he already fears the worse.
He couldn't have stayed, his disruption had not only caused a ripple in Tony's professionalism, but he was becoming an unannounced barrier between Bucky and the medical care and attention that he desperately needed. The prosthetic was only but a bonus because Steve had did his research concerning the procedures that patients had to go through before gaining a prosthetic under Stark Insurance and under that it meant that Bucky had to undergo therapy and counselling, something that Steve has been urging for him to do so since day one. Even if Steve has failed to seek that type of help himself.
that I go."Tony tries for a smile but it was getting a little annoying to have Steve jumping up from the sofa every time Tony went to cross his legs or following him from the livingroom to the kitchen.
A lot had changed when Steve returned and for a long time, Steve was unsure if it was the world around him that had began to change or if it was himself, and for an even longer time, he was scared to know the answer. Because change was not something that he was use to, especially when it came to his home, to his friends, to the routine that he had so regularly gotten himself wrapped up around for those years up until he met Tony, and the months after he had left.
. There are so many times that Tony wishes she had been there, situations she should've been there for, ones where Peggy would've kicked down a door when he was 5 and crying, screaming in pain from a broken arm by a drunken Howard. Times when it happened when he was 11, the summer after the vacation with Peggy, where Howard has broken his shoulder. Or when he was 15 and kicked in the ribs.
"Changing it? To what?"Steve asks curiously because he had no idea you were able to change the sound that came off of a heart monitor, actually, he's pretty sure you're
"If this proceeds, you're going to need to quit smoking, along with other things but I'm sure we will have lengthy discussions about that in the future."Tony is suddenly reminded and he hates how hypocritical that he sounds because Tony himself had been giving a lengthy discussion about what he was supposed to do and what he was not when fitted with the Arc Reactor and Tony was not someone you told what to do."We're going to be seeing a lot of each other, so if I were you, I'd reconsider your choice of asset."
"Come in,"He calls, giving Steve a motion to come in before going back to what he's fiddling in. Steve opens the door with a smile, shutting the door with the heel of his foot as he looks over at Tony. The teenager is sitting crosslegged on his hospital bed, a  - universal - screwdriver in his hand and tongue darted between his lips as he fiddles with what Steve can identify as Tony's heart monitor.
"That's, that's a pretty large bunch."Tony swallows thickly, glad to have the bag of crisps in his hands to fiddle with, something that only makes his nerves more known to Steve who looks on with a frown of concern.
"Is that what you think?"Steve's own self is leaning against a stack of hallway lockers, haven caught up on his loss of breath from running urgently out of maths class with an excuse of an emergency phone call, a panic that had settled in when he had got an unexpected phone call from Tony.
Part of Steve when he thinks of stupid, funny little quirks that his friends posses, has him spiralling into a terminal state of depression of his current life choices, of his own ambitions and wants and needs. His career, or his hopeful career, is going to take him far away from the moment that he's in now, surrounded by his friends, the people that he cares for, in the moment and being apart of the memory, which is the fearful part.
Tony blinks, his eyes trained on the spot where Steve was once standing. His right hand curls around the top of his tank top, knuckles brushing against his arc reactor which causes him to cringe, the reason why Steve had left. Tony shakes his head, blinking again before turning back to the television that he was fiddling with, almost as if the last 10 minutes didn't happen.
Lucky enough, Howard and Maria were on the drive back from the annual Stark ball when the explosion happened, and even luckier that Tony was home and that no one else was in Stark mansion whenever it happened or he would never forgive himself for the Injury of others. He'd rather risk the death of himself over the death of others he cared for.
"So when are we gonna meet your new babe."It's not much of a question, more of a demand if anything because of course Steve is going to introduce Tony to the group, they're his best friends, the people he grew up with. And as much as Steve is his own person, Tony needs the best friend seal of approval.
"Yeah, sorry about that, by the time that Thor and I had stopped chatting the entire living room had already been claimed and I decided that sharing your bed was a better option than sleeping third wheel with Natasha and James."Tony stretches out, eyes closed once again and a blissful sort of smile upon his face. It's the first decent batch of sleep that he's had since Rhodey left for home.
Tony can truthfully say that nothing tastes better than a cheeseburger, maybe coffee and sometimes his Aunt Peggy's special Apple Pie, but Cheeseburger is definitely in his top 5 list of favourite foods. He manages to finish in record time, disposing of the wrappers before they pull up at Stark Manor because god knows the fit that Maria Stark will take if she finds out her son is eating a cheeseburger when there's probably some fancy dinner planned to celebrate his recovery.
him and even worse the type of people that do only want to get to know him so they can have access to SI secrets and maybe a piece of Tony's little body while they're at it.
But back to it being cold, it's a type of cold that Tony can feel all the way to his bones, staring at his finger tips, at his toes and causing a deep shiver to run up his spine, but he doesn't mind. In a way, he likes the cold, the type of bitter coldness that you only get during a winter night in New York, it's one of the few things that he likes about being back in New York.
"Rise and shine!"The bedroom door is swung open at such a force that it has Tony jumping into a sit, heart hammering in his chest as his eyes dart to the door, expecting a murderous intruder because that's the direction that his luck is heading.
"Unless he comes back in handcuffs, that is. He's going to drive your beautiful car through a warehouse, he'll be all over the news."Bruce sighs, directing his attention to Tony and then to the rest.
But there he had been, defying those odds, in the same hospital, at the same time. But instead, of course, Tony no longer looked beaten and bruised from an explosion but a resident
"Yes, I mainly work with soldiers, Strange."Tony rolls his eyes as he slides a photo sheet closer to him in the desk, eyes trained on the damage that the high pixilated photograph presents for him. There's a wince that escapes through his teeth as his flicker at the wound, staring at the gaping hole in which an arm should be, barely a bone at the shoulder to connect any tissue to even if Tony tried. The prosthetic limbs that Tony usually confronted were nothing as damaging as the one staring back at Tony right now.
"It's 9:30. You should've been here 2 hours ago, Tony."Her lips ghost his ear as she leans in for Tony to place a gracious, welcoming kiss to her cheek, tasting the Chanel No.5 perfume that she had sprayed hastily before leaving, probably too preoccupied with the fact that Tony had failed to answer any of her calls and JARVIS was uncooperative due to knowledge of his creators absentee.
"Yes."He sucks in a sharp breath, hands now found napkins to fiddle with, twisting the tissue fabric, tearing it into little pieces of chunks until it's a confetti on his lap and until the tissue is gone and he's reaching for another, out of nerves, out of anxiety because he doesn't know what else to say and he doesn't really want to speak but he doesn't want to leave because he needs to be around
Steve on the other hand lived in the Great Depression, He was a Brooklyn kid and it didn't take no genius to guess that at times he didn't have two Dee to rub together never mind actually spend it on luxuries. Steve had spent half of his childhood being knocked down by even the slightest if the common cold and the other half tending to his mother, He had those neutering instincts knitted into his DNA with or without the Serum.
"I mean, technically yes, that isn't my dilemma, that was a ploy actually."Tony waves the screen off, pushing another one to Bruce's view. It's virtually the same profile that Tony had been given the previous morning but Tony had gratefully updated the details, added in the
"Bad, then?"There's a sort of wince to his words as he scratches his nail over a carved marking on the wooden table, the initials or nickname of some student from years ago that had been carved into the wood, made to stay for decades to come as if people care for who they are.
"I'm sorry, I didn't realise that I changed names? When did I stop being Steve?"Steve now stands up straight, the basket of laundry balancing between his hip and his arm in the most
"Pick up, pick up, c'mon Steve."Half of Tony's attention is on the road, fingers drumming impatiently on the wheel, eyes darting from the road to his phone that's rested upon his thigh, desperate, begging Steve to answer his phone. If Tony keeps driving the way he is, he could make it to Brooklyn by tomorrow night, if he only stops for gas and to use the bathroom.
The conversation is dropped rather quickly when Bucky fails to find something to add up on, turning away in his seat to watch as an argument unfolds somewhere at the front of the class, leaving Steve to his own brooding thoughts that wrack his mind. Somewhere, deep down under all of the arrogance and pride and self-respect, there's a little bit of guilt floating about in Bucky's system every time he glances at Steve, watches as he frowns, analyses the lines on his face, the way his body is hunched when it's not rigid for a fight.
It makes him feel alive, with the way that the icy wind would nip at his bare skin, cause the goosebumps to rise across his skin, or the way that it blows in his face and wakens a usually exhausted Tony into a conscious state. It's freshening, it wakens him up and makes him feel.
"Afternoon, Sarah."Tony flashes her his signature smile, full of teeth and playful innocence, a smile large enough that it causes the corners of his eyes to crinkle in the slightest. He's always glad to see Sarah, she's a darling and as previously mentioned, one of the few staff members to actually like Tony and don't find him a condescending asshole.
The hand gives his a squeeze, a squeeze to gain attention but to show affection and it makes Tony look up from where he's staring until he's looking into those eyes, baby blue and bright, open and caring and curious and worried all mashed into one. He looks away, feeling ashamed, there's fingers under his chin that pulls him back to those eyes, to a blue so bright like sapphires and a face so beautiful and set.
He had been passing the supermarket when he heard a cry for help, and Steve with his damn good hearing and always sensing trouble, had of course lurked to find out where the cry of help was coming from and what was happening. He stumbled across a bunch of ill-mannered teens beating up a defenceless homeless man, and Steve being Steve, he wasn't going to allow them to continue.
"You are not a normal teenager, Stevie. That's the problem."Bucky smirks, eyeing Steve in that 'I know everything' type of way, with his eyes darkening in curiosity. Bucky leans forward in the recliner chair, the leg rest pushed back into the normal seat so his feet are now planted on the ground."C'mon, tell me, who are you sweet on?"
"I said enough, Buck. Drop it."It's anger that seeps through Steve's voice now, tearing his eyes from the screen to look at Buck, blue eyes swirling with anger, frustration, hurt, betrayal. It's dull, the ache that forms in his chest, numbing his limbs, his body, his head as he replays the photos and videos and articles in his mind of Tony.
"You're really doing this, yeah?"Under all of her stature and strong facade, holding herself up high and strong and independent, Steve can hear that slight tremble of fear in her voice as the words deep through her lips. He doesn't need to turn from where he is at the doorway, already in half a mind to turn back around and forget his intentions, to know there's a look of anguish and a motherly fear breaking through the mask she usually wears on her face.
requesting your assistance."The A.I seems to heavily press on the word and Tony is sure that JARVIS is surely developing his own intelligence without Tony's assistance.
"Steve!"Tony grins, opening the door for the towering teenager that stands awkwardly outside the hospital room unable to knock or open the door due to the cups in his hands. It sure is a different sight from the first time that Tony had seen Steve at his hospital door, greeting him with a grin that reaches his eyes than the confused frown like last time.
. Steve had seen the name on his thick plastic that was wrapped around his wrist, mixed with the mesh of intertwining tubes and leads that stuck out from the back of his hand or from his chest.
"Yes, well I was thinking, I happen not to be on call this evening myself and I was wondering if you woul-"
"I know."He casts his eyes downwards as if a puppy being scowled before looking at Natasha whose eyes fail to meet sympathy that Steve is looking for. Natasha is strong, she's smart and she's been friends with Steve long enough to know not to give in to these types of traps.
It's one of Howard's Classics, vintage and stylish and one that Tony hopes to inherit as soon as his so called father croaks it. It's a beautiful car, much like the rest that Howard has stashed in the garage for eyes only to view. Although, it didn't stop Tony from taking a car every once in awhile for a spin, totally worth the back hand when caught.
And so Tony deflates a little, puts down his guard just a smidge to let his shoulders relax and to stand in a natural stance, feeling eyes watching him from behind and in front because Steve isn't a threat, he's a worried, concerned and upset friend. And he needs reassurance and help.
Tony doesn't look up because he can't bare to look at her face, to look her in the eyes that seem to have stayed young as the rest of her has grown older, wiser, self aware. He shifts the spilt grains of sugar on the table into a line, scoffing at its symbolism, of how familiar it looks to the bender he has just crawled himself out of, wiping away the sugar, looking up from the table to out the window instead.
"Then give it to charity, put it away to help your son through college."Tony shrugs, turning his head whenever a car begins to emerge into the private underground carpark. He looks back at Sarah, looking at the cash she continues to hold out, desperately wanting Tony to take before he looks back at her and smiles."That's my ride."
Even at a young age Obadiah had managed to make Tony chill to the bone with every side eye glance or smirk that had tugged on his lips, or the way he didn't hesitate to get into Tony's personal space whenever the two of them had been alone. They were memories that Tony often blocked our, but in a twisted type of way often
"You're awake,"There's someone new in his private hospital room, tall, slim built and on the wrong side of 40. Tony has filled with the Hospital bed enough to have it elevated in a way that the thing sticking out of his chest isn't causing him any pain and it allows him to see around the rather dull room.
"I guess I was covered in snow,"Steve gives an odd shiver. He was never fond on the cold, he could stick it just like anybody else but he didn't like it. The cold gave him an odd feeling that set into his bones and one that Steve was unable to shake off.
"I'm not exactly raining down with friends, Steve."Tony's voice comes out bitter, keeping his eyes on the dark liquid of coffee that remains in the bottom of his mug. There's two open empty packets of sugar on the booths table, little grains of sugar remaining on the table."And I just need, I just need
It's a cold night, and really, it shouldn't be surprising that it is since it's usually so cold in New York, a coldness that Tony has gotten use to despite the state of the arc heating system that Howard had installed since Maria had a hatred for anything cold, which was ironic to say the least since she was married to a man who knew nothing more but being cold, cold hearted, cold blooded.
"I feel like shit."Tony sits down on the stair with a heavy sigh, giving up on his attempt to make it up to the bedrooms that are sure to be as ruined as the rest of the house. Rhodey stands in all his immaculately, a black plastic bag in his hand and Tony can't even help the silly sort of smile that appears on his face."Cute, James Rhodes to the rescue with his black plastic bag. Call me in a week when you finally finish cleaning the place, Honeybear."
Despite his eyelids practically being glued to a close, Tony's eyes pop open quick enough in alert and shaking fear. There are bright lights beaming above him, making the teenager wince and have the urge to snap his eyes close once again, but he's too determined to see the damage done to his body.
Because Maria hadn't been perfect, and yet nobody really is, but there was a love there that had been shown through touches and glances, of involvement and defensive actions, of times where she had ushered Tony out of the room before a breaking of a glass on the wall, or hinted a warning of a presence coming down for dinner, or the ghostly brush to a warm cheek that Tony felt he had dreamt in the middle of the night when he was still just a babe.
Steve is pushing the mountain of clothes that had been piled up onto his bed into the washing basket for him to put a load on, something in which he was supposed to do the other morning but had forgotten due to his mind being too occupied and worried about Tony coming down, which was a weird enough feeling to begin with, never mind actually abandoning all of his chores to make sure that everything was perfect for a guy that he barely knows.
Luckily enough, the sensible voice is Steves voice reasons and Steve doesn't open his mouth and speak anything about the army.
Taking one of Howard's cars - the most basic and less expensive car that Tony can find in the underground garage that was not destroyed by the explosion - was an easy task, and Tony trusts Jarvis enough not to squeal on the young stark of the house on Howard as he takes the drive from Long Island to Brooklyn.
"So I'm somehow an asshole because I called your face pretty?"He's amused, Tony knows it because he can see it in the way that the corner of his lips tug into a sort of an amused smile, or maybe it's a smirk, and his eyes sort of dart to pinpoint Tony's own reaction. Tony scoffs a sort of half-laugh, rolling his eyes as he begins to walk away.
Tony can't remember the last time he had been hugged like this, before New Years perhaps, that night that Rhodey had nearly caught the exchange between Tony and Obi, where Tony had been shaken and exhausted and had collapsed into a heap of need of touch, starved from it. Or the night in the diner, just as Tony and Steve had been parting, Tony not wanting to leave and Steve not wanting him to go, and they had hugged tightly on the diners porch at 6am.
"I have to go,"Steve blurts, already making his way back into the hallway, having to force himself to look away from Tony's chest. Tony frowns."Sorry, I have to go. Now."Steve doesn't even stay to say goodbye, already making his way down the hallway and further away from Tony's hospital room, hoping that Natasha is waiting in the carpark.
"I'm not afraid of making you into a coffee maker."Tony threatens halfheartedly with a disapproving scowl, letting the shirt he had fell asleep in fall off his shoulders and onto the floor, something he'll deal with later this afternoon or maybe later this morning.
Cynthia nodded.  “I don’t know much about it myself, I’m afraid.  My husband’s the sports fan in our house. Him and our boys.  They’ve been looking forward to this for weeks. Can’t wait to tell them I had a player in my car.”
She finished getting them set up and held Tony’s card out to him with a smile, but instead of taking it, he just stared at the card pinched between her thumb and forefinger.
“Of course you won’t.”  He patted Steve’s shoulder, his smile small but proud.  “Now go meet that pretty agent of yours. She got Lisa and me seats with y’all, but the media doesn’t want to talk to an old fart like me, so we’ll be along later.”
Hill stepped back, and Sharon came to take her turn in front of them.  When she spoke, her voice was friendly, but firm. She clearly expected all of them to listen and take her seriously the first time.  “I know we’ve all seen, and probably laughed over, players who end up on ESPN or the news for doing something wild or reckless or dangerous or
“So what’s next for you?”  Jamaal asked as they made their way back to midfield for the formal trophy presentation.  “I mean, you walked in December.”
Tony leaned down and kissed Steve’s cheek while whoever was on the other end of the phone spoke in a swift, clipped tone.  “I’m gonna step outside so I don’t bother you and Carla.”
Steve grinned and lifted the coaches’ trophy up for the whole team to see.  A roar went up from the team and their fans, who were still crowded in the stands like it was gametime.
“Something like that,” Tony gasped, a little breathless, before he bent to run his lips and tongue along Steve’s neck.
Steve sighed, the emotional and physical turmoil of going from observing to replacing an injured starter suddenly catching up with him.  “I kinda just want to go home.”
“What’s goin’ on with those holding calls?  And why did we let Rollins go?” Fitz groused as he hung his helmet and grabbed some water.  “Guy’s a brick wall.”
“Yeah.  Nicknames, favorite movies, pregame playlist, most memorable on-field moment.  That kind of thing?”
Steve watched his fingers trail through the grass for a few seconds before he finally spoke.  “I’m--Sam and I, we were going to grill out tomorrow for the Fourth...if you wanted to come?”
Steve reached out and tapped the glass at the center of Tony’s chest.  “This thing in your chest isn’t just a pacemaker, is it?”
Steve tossed his head in Tony’s general direction.  Tony who had angled himself towards the field and tugged his sunglasses down his nose like he was looking for something.
Steve flushed, quietly pleased he’d made such an impression on this guy.  “Thanks. What, uh, what position do you play?”
Bucky rolled over onto his side to fully face Steve.  “That was the sketchiest agreement I’ve ever heard.”
They took off down the path, Wylie zigzagging along beside Steve as much as the slack Steve had left in the leash would allow.  He and Bucky generally kept pace with each other, but thankfully Bucky wasn’t a talkative partner, so Steve could focus on his body and the road.  As they ran, he caught a few people lounging on the grass raising cameras in his and Bucky’s direction out of the edge of his vision.
And Tony had cried for his mom. He had cried not only for his loss, but hers too. He had cried for the abrupt end of her life long before the car crash, long before Tony had come along, but when the man she called her husband had wooed her, swung her off her feet, tipped her back in a passionate kiss, had courted for her hand. He cried for how such a man had changed, how she had been chained, how he had took her life and how Tony had taken hers too.
"Complain."He groans, wanting so desperately to be handed painkillers ( which he will profoundly refuse to take but he offer is great ) and a blanket and left to die for the next 24 hours.
The air is crisp against his skin whenever he stands outside, the December wind blowing through his hair as he closes the front door and stands out into the gravel. He can still hear the chatter of guests from outside, the contrast of the light shining from the house against the darkness of outside.
"Tony- I mean, Dr Stark."Bruce had stuttered and Tony could feel the shakes in the mans hand as they shook, Tony's grip firm and excited, a grin plastered on his face which he isn't sure is the nerves or the alcohol.
But Rhodey is right, he does stink, of sweat and sex and booze and now that it's been pointed out it's hard to ignore. He should
"You actually got me a cheeseburger?"Tony says in shock, his brown eyes wide as he's handed the wrapped up burger."Steve, you didn't need to, I-"
Steve panics, the words just tumbling out of his mouth as he speaks, trying his best to not look at Tony because for fuck sake, he came all of the way here to apologise to Tony for freaking out due to the blue orb and now he's back, in the Same place freaking out about the blue orb and still with no apology.
"Get in the car, Tony."The soft demeanour as seemed to faded momentarily from Rhodeys tone of voice and isn't Tony so happy for that? Because he'd rather be barked at and chastised than sweet talked and whispered to like a broken doll. Tony shrugs off the help that Rhodey and Pepper reach out to do and gets into the car with only a few hisses of pain. Pepper slides into the seat beside him and Rhodey climbs up front with Happy.
"What I'd really like is a coffee, I haven't had a coffee since I don't know, maybe 3 weeks ago? It's over 2 weeks, I was out for a week, been awake for 8."Tony talks to himself, signing dramatically."That's the longest I've ever went without coffee."
"I don't want anything to do with you."Tony forcefully yanks his wrist out of the strong grasp, it coming to rest back at his side while the other twirls the crystal tumblr that had once held whiskey and what Tony wishes still did. Too many familiar faces have made themselves known to Tony today, out of all days, and Tony would rather not have Tiberius Stone trying to slide his way into his pants as well.
"I never knew I signed up to have a baby, now get in the shower before I force you into the shower. We need to talk."And that short sentence of
"I know."Tony's attention is snapped back to Rhodey, eyes narrowed, lips parting with visible disbelief.
"You're awake,"She sounds stunned and overjoyed. Tony can feel hands over his face, above his closed eyes, fingers peeling back his eyelids and a shining light being shone into his left eye. He winces, wanting to bat away the prying hands but his arms feel too heavy for him too lift."This is quicker than we thought you would recover."
"Some day,"Tony smiles up at Steve through half lidded eyes,"I'll bring him home over spring break if you'd like. We were going to head to California for the week but if you want to meet him, we can take a detour."It wasn't a plan set in stone anyway,
It felt strange in a way for someone to not know who he was, it was the same effect with every time that Tony would try and repay Steve back and for the blonde to shake his head and tell him not to waste his money. It felt weird because Tony isn't use to having people bug him things or have people refuse his money, it's normally the other way round. It felt
For the last several years, Steve has occupied himself with countless number of hobbies, none of which quite satisfying his thirst away from extreme boredom than drawing. It wasn't until Bruce pointed out to him that mindless sketches of landscapes and people weren't going to pay the bills, that he actually considered drawing for comics. It was refreshing, as such, because it gave him a purpose again, a routine, something that he had to do in order to get paid, something he didn't need to leave his apartment for either.
"But you are good at leaving behind unwanted money,"She points out, taking the wad of cash that she had found in her pigeonhole when she arrived for her shift. It didn't take her long to figure out who had left it and the occasion why.
And it's tempting because every fibre of Tony's body is just vibrating to go out on the town, to drink until he's numb and can't even remember his name but can remember his credit card number. He wants to embrace the flashing lights, absorb the shitty music and just let the night take him, to be pulled onto Tiberius Stones lap and let him pet at his thigh as he gets drugged up, gets fucked up all for the amusement of everyone else.
"I'm not even a fan, you're the fan. I'm just an innocent victim that is roped into listening to whatever you want to because it's you're car and you're the one driving."
Steve looks on in amazement, holding the backpack in his hands as he stares between the heart monitor that continues to lay on the bed in front of Tony and Tony, the teenager who isn't even aware of Steves amazed eye and continues to eat his Burger. He wasn't even aware that a heart monitors sound could be alerted, or maybe it can't and that's the amazement that Tony is able to form.
."Which is true, because every single time that Steve had gained a new friend, Bucky was always that chip on his shoulder that nagged in his ear about how he didn't like them, how they weren't allowed to sit with them at lunch or play basketball after school. And it was only after Natasha had joined that Bucky finally started to relax when allowing new members to their group.
So he left because Bucky's health, his opportunities and life was far more important than Steve's own.
"Good morning Mr Barnes! Beautiful day outside, it's cold but it's that type of cold where it's just nice and crisp, with the winter sun shining and gah, I love it! Don't worry, won't keep you too long, just need to do some quick measuring, test your reflexes a bit and then you're out of here. Out that door."Tony dramatically points at the door he has just came through, closed for privacy and the inside of the door decorated in children's drawings.
"No, I tend to find it hilarious to pose as a doctor. I guess it's just a habit I've obtained since I was a teenager."
Butterfingers and U both beep is remembrance from their position at an old car that Tony had stored away a long time ago, one he had lost interest in tinkering with but one he didn't have the heart to throw away for scrap either. It was a beautiful car and it held a precious memory that Tony fears he would forget if he threw it away.
. For being more than a hacker when he was 12, or smart for building a 'simple' robot, but intelligent, genius,
Sarah Rogers was a hardworking and devoting mother to Steve, she was what Steve would say, the best mother that he could ever be blessed with, and in a lot of ways, she was. She might've been hardworking and yeah, okay, Steve didn't see her all that often depending on her shift at the hospital, but she worked hard to give Steve everything and Steve couldn't ask for a better mother than that.
And it's not creepy, because Tony has spent many a night convincing himself that it's nothing more than being concerned and aware because god knows that Tony is paranoid enough in this disastrous setting of a world to be paranoid about where people are and who people are with. It's not creepy, it's being knowledgeable, Tony would tell Rhodey who would look at him in underlining concern when tony would pull up stat sheets and files about an ex boyfriend, or when Pepper would question his remarkable knowledge on a Japanese pro-atomic testing company that had bought Stark Industry shares back in 2009 and was now inching their way up the market ladder.
"No, Howard and Maria don't spend a lot of time at home, nor do they like photographs taken of them unless it's for publicity purposes."Tony grumbles, glaring at the wall in front of him. His hand finds it way to the hem of his t-shirt in a sort of comfort, his fingers accidentally gracing against the metal rim of the arc reactor that makes him cringe and extract his hand quickly.
"Steve, wake up, this is not the time to be sleeping, get up! Now!"Steve is shoved harshly at the shoulder, at the side, his stomach, his chest, gripped at the shoulders and jostled awake until there's throwing arms and grumbling words and lights flickering on in the small bedroom of Steve Rogers. The light blinds, Steve hisses, flinches from the light as he tries to blink and adjust, barely making out the figure that lurks at his bedside with longing hair in their face and a phone waving about in their hands.
"Stupid, Fucking stupid!"Tony swears loudly, the message already send before he can delete what he had just typed. He was on autopilot, as if he was texting Rhodey, because as much as Rhodey was as straight as a ruler and has told Tony on numerous occasions, it didn't stop Tony from flirting or being the first person that Tony latches onto when he's drunk and being as slutty as always.
Tiberius Stone has seemed to have grown more handsomer with age, more chiselled and mature, the boyish charm that hung about him in university long gone now from the man that keeps following Tony about like an unwanted, pestering fly. Tony may hate Tiberius Stone with all of his might, with every fibre of his body, but that does not mean he can't recognise beauty when he sees it, and Tiberius Stone still remains an annoyingly beautiful man.
And he still is stupid, and he still is hurt, but he persevered, got over himself. Which he hadn't, not really, because Tony might be intelligent and gifted and unbelievably egotistic with that exact knowledge that he is, but he was also naive, delicate in the sort of way that something unbelievably stupid could resort an incredible emotion out of him, bring him back to a moment in his past that he numbed with alcohol; a smell, a sight, a touch, an action, a
Because if Steve is being truthful, he has become a creature of comfort since his discharge, and he's pretty sure that it's not a good thing that he is but he's not willing to admit it openly enough to get help. He finds comfort in his apartment, it's small size giving him that blanket of security and contentment that often reminds him of his small childhood home. It's an open planned, 1 bedroom and 1 bathroom with little touching here and there that make it Steve's home and not just a home of his childhood or the sofa of his friends.
Being at the the hospital, the only time he does sleep is when that damn blonde nurse comes in to give him his pain relief medication - and Tony swears that she gives him Roofies in his night time water - which makes him loose consciousness not even 5 minutes later.
in his chest."Bucky grimaces in a way that makes Tony tense all over, that cold familiarity of when he has just arrived home from the hospital, the look of sheer disgust that had been painted on his Mothers face as she barely glanced at the monstrosity that was the arc reactor in his chest.
"You and I both know that's a damn lie."Comes the deadpan from Steve, giving him a look that is so similar to Rhodeys but somehow so different at the same time."Stay. I'll show you around Brooklyn, show you how crappy Rhode Island is compared to this paradise."
"Good to see you boss. I brought that cheeseburger you asked for."Happy lowers his sunglasses as he looks at Tony through the rear view mirror, holding up a paper Burger King bag. Happy looks equally as distressed as what Rhodey and Pepper do but he's smart enough not to be as over baring as the latter.
With that thought, Tony slowly peels his eyes open, vision blurry and grainy but he can spot the glass of water and painkillers that sit on the table just before his eyes fall shut, a smile on his lips as he pulls at the duvets to hopefully go back to sleep. If he's lucky, maybe he can sleep for another couple of hours or so before...before...
"We aren't, but he's a friend and so are you."There's a sharp click, the doors of her newly purchased car unlocking and she cocks her head to the passenger seat that remains vacant, her patience running thin because she has places to be and people to see but a bullheaded, stubborn childhood friend of hers to deal with first.
"I wasn't sure what coffee you liked, so I got a normal coffee and a black coffee? I wasn't sure, there were no other options or I would've gotten you a latte or a capatino or a mocha. I have sugar and milk pods as well,"Steve informs whenever he enters the room again, shutting the door with the heel of his foot with his hands full.
It was his home, made with Tony quirks and cluttered genius but in a way, elegant and expensive with a magnificent view of the Hudson River and amazingly crafted skylight on the ceiling. Tony loved his home, he loved The Warehouse because for once in his life it was something that was
"What is your purpose being here?"Tony finally looks up, with a raised eyebrow and his lips pursed into a straight line."Is your sole purpose in life to tell me that I can't do this or that I can't do that? Because honestly, honey, If you're supposed to be some goddamn guardian Angel you're doing a hell of a shit job."
"Uh, some day, yeah."Steve scratches the back of his head awkwardly, opening the fridge as he rummages for eggs."Tony is a busy person. He's just out of hospital, Buck. And he starts second term next week in MIT."
"Phil is not gonna let you have a dog, even if it is a guide dog, Clint."The blonde deadpans, watching how Clint visibly deflates in sadness and it's sometimes rather hard to believe that Clints line of work orders for him to be cold hearted and emotionless when the man is the actual definition hormonal mood swings and chaos.
It wasn't the first time that Tony had been kidnapped, oh no, of course not. It had happened once when Tony was 8 and then again when he was 10. He was young and scrappy and barely hitting puberty, barely knowing what it was like to survive on your own in the outside world, especially when you've lived most of your life inside of bricked buildings and sky scrapping walls. They didn't hurt him, or not intentionally at least, but they did hold onto him for ransom and by the time it took Maria to beg Howard to pay it, Tony was often trapped for weeks.
. Back to the safe comforts of his Warehouse, where he can nurse a whiskey bottle until dawn, or until the following dusk, forget that today had existed, forget that people existed, do what he had done all those years earlier when he was stupid and hurt.
Of course, he has to accept the fact that Tony is home, and as much as he had said in his previous text of how his parents seemed to straight up make no fuss about his return, it didn't mean he hadn't things to do. He could be catching up on sleep, and god knows that Steve knows how much Tony likes to sleep when he can.
Tony had also, within the sector of Stark Insurance, cover a clause of artificial limb replacement and by the age of 26, Tony had created the first titanium metal leg for an Afghanistan solider who had lost it on the field, and by 27, Tony had not only gotten a name for himself other than being a Stark, billionaire, playboy philanthropist but for being intelligent, a
"And?"Tony prompts, petting mindlessly at Dumm-E's claw apologetically for shooing the 'bot off, as well as an item of comfort to Tony's soul.
Everyone mutters an apology, not meeting Natasha's dangerous eye as the car starts to move again. Bruce awkwardly goes back to whatever he was doing, blocking out the other three in the car with his earphones.
; so, so what if his neighbours mailbox had changed from blue to red or his mom had been miraculously gifted a new car. It doesn't matter. These changes don't
"I've been looking everywhere for you. You'd dashed so quickly from the dinning room that I didn't know where you went."Rhodey explains, giving Tony's hands a squeeze, looking between Tony and Obi."And who are you?"
"There's more,"There's an almost smugness to Bucky's words as he flicks his thumb across the screen and more videos pop up, photos, articles, making headlines, blurred out faces, censored body parts.
"Look, this isn't about whether I'm passing high school or not, this is about who Stevie is sweet on."Clint huffs, not up for another round of A Clint Barton Roast, because as much as he hates to admit it, Phil is right when he says that Clint can give but can't take.
"You're not taking it, I'm giving it to you."He rolls his eyes, motioning towards the backpack with his screwdriver hand."Go, take it. Throw that one away and take mine."He leaves no room for arguing, almost pouting at Steve to listen to him and waiting for him to get up. Steve groans as he gets up, once again the painkillers wearing off as he gets off of the chair. There's a bin the room which Steve opens with his foot, throwing the ruined backpack in.
He wasn't dead and it was a rather horrible solution for Tony to conjure in the first place, a mirage to make his heartache feel a lot less real and a lot more accidental, as if Tony didn't take part in the blame. He wasn't dead and Tony kids himself into thinking he had thought that because he hadn't, despite the amount of times he surely wished for it to be true in order to feel a lot less human, because as paranoid as Tony is, he is always keeping tabs on the people of his past and Steve was one of them.
"Mr. Barnes, I'm Dr. Stark."His smile is tight across his face as he turns his attention back to James on the bed, the bed elevated into a sit. He's changed, his hair remarkably being what has changed the most, military short, and the way that those steeling blue eyes have seemed to shift into a darker territory of consciousness than before, haunted with horrors and disturbed damages. "I'm going to be the one modelling, designing and helping to fit your new prosthetic, I'm sure the nurse has already ran you threw the simple procedure-"
Which is odd. Because it's not like Tony doesn't like the extra affection and friendship, because he does, it just doesn't settle with Tony in a sorta guilty way. Tony knows why, he knows it's because Tony feels guilty that Steve doesn't know the real him, that he doesn't know of the money that he had stashed in his savings accounts or the empire company that he'll inherit whenever Howard dies - and Obi as well.
In any case, it's not Tony's fault that it's been blabbed, but he'll sure get the blame for it. Tony can picture the scene already, the look of utter outrage upon Howard's face, the disappointment upon his Mom's. As if almost dying wasn't enough, he had been blamed for the damage of the house, been shown off like cattle for slaughter at a Dinner party only to be shown that he was still alive, and the sake of the company will be shoved upon his shoulders.
?"Tony has turned, eyebrow raised and a slight smirk gracing his lips as he had looked at Stephen. Things between them were still new, Doctor Strange was still new and Tony was just still exploring this new and dangerous territory. Doctor Strange goes to open his mouth, to make a comment but Tony beats him to it. "I'll bring the brains, you bring the coffee. 8 a.m."
Everyone on campus has probably been given the talk by now, or at least know not to mess with Tony Stark unless they want the wrath of James Rhodes on their ass. But, it doesn't stop Tony from doing his thing because Tony is selfish, he's foolish and he really doesn't deserve somebody as magnificent as Rhodey.
?"Tony is watching closely, he's always been watching closely but this time it's not due to his raging paranoia but because he's missed watching the way peoples faces move as they talk. He's missed the way Pepper can be so emotional, not in her face but in her eyes. She's always so professional in her face, in her stature and how she presents herself but she's always had a weak spot in her eyes.
"You're sick, I don't think you should be up and about. That is what I was pointing out."Steve soothes, his hands out as he walks further into the room."But I mean, you should leave it to the hospital technician to fix the television."
Steve isn't sure what would've happened. It was his own fault. He knows better than to press Tony into a corner (or against a counter), push for questions and losing his temper when he doesn't get the answers he was seeking. Steve just hadn't been expecting him to be
Rachel frowns up at her big brother, obviously not taking what he has said to heart. She may not be as old as Rebecca, as wise to her Brothers grumpy antics, but she's not stupid and knows that what her brother says shouldn't be taken to heart. Rachel was a split image of her older brother, with dark hair tugged into two pig tails with blue doe eyes, pasty skin.
to call his son. If it wasn't for the brain in his head, Howard would've thrown Tony out onto the streets the moment that he could. Tony swallows thickly, meeting those familiar shade of brown eyes, a face of his own looking back at him because he can deny it all he wants but he looks like Howard and it's unmistakable.
The groups approval of Tony wasn't exactly needed but it sure did help the tight knots of fear that had been settled inside of Steve since the beginning of that afternoon that Tony had came over. To Steve, Tony meant a lot to him, and having his friends ( or most of his friends, anyway ) think that Tony was the good guy that Steve knows him as, it means a lot.
"This attitude better change by the time that your father comes home, Anthony. He's already in a horrible mood with you due to this whole incident, you'll just make it worse for yourself if you keep this up."Maria speaks after her son, watching as Tony continues to walk up the stairs."There's a tailored suit for you hanging on your door for this evening, do try it on."
"You're too sweet, Steve."Tony gives Steve the smile, a smile that Tony only has reserved for the people that deserve it, a blush dashing across the high cheekbones and over the bridge of his nose as he looks on at Steve.
"I don't know, maybe because I nearly died?"And god, that's ten scary thing to say out loud. Sure, Tony knows that he nearly died, god, he felt himself nearly dying, but it's different saying it in your head compared to saying it out loud. It makes everything feel so much more real.
"Damaged from the explosion."Tony flashes his best friend a smirk over his shoulder before he's bolting up the stairs, phone appearing in his hand as he messages out the request for grilled cheeses and coffee to be sent up to his bedroom, knowing that one of the servants working tonight will bring it up.
So, in the end, Steve had managed to fight off 2 out of 3 of the teens that were causing ruckus just because but the time he was fighting the 3rd teen off, someone had phoned for an ambulance after taking in the homeless mans appearance after the beating. The flashing lights of blue and white had scared off all three teens, leaning Steve and the homeless man in the parametric's hands.
Everything hits Tony like a tidal wave, The Grand Stark Christmas Ball which Tony has no interest in attending, and so, our of sheer boredom of being stuck in the mansion on his own, had wangled his way into Howard's Workshop to play with some tools. It backfired, because Tony has probably the worse luck in the world when it came to anything remotely involved with Howard Stark.
The hand gives his a squeeze, a squeeze to gain attention but to show affection and it makes Tony look up from where he's staring until he's looking into those eyes, baby blue and bright, open and caring and curious and worried all mashed into one. He looks away, feeling ashamed, there's fingers under his chin that pulls him back to those eyes, to a blue so bright like sapphires and a face so beautiful and set.
"Good, because I'm sure not gonna let ya'."Steve smirks from behind his cup, catching Tony off guard as the smaller teen laughs and nudges him in the shoulder."We gotta meet up again before you leave though, you should come to Brooklyn. I can show you around, take you for pizza."
"It's minus 5 outside."Bucky deadpans, grey eyes cold as he watches Steve reach for his own front door to make a leave in an angry huff.
Comic drawing pays well enough, even in the century of advancing technology with screens that display whatever you desire with just a tap or two and the act of reading a newspaper or cracking the spine of a book has become foreign in this fast moving world, and even faster moving city. Steve lives well, better than he has growing up but not too much off that he forgets of where he came from, and the benefits he received after his discharge have helped him too.
"Everything happens for a reason, Tony."His voice is so soft and laced with an emotion that Tony just can't put his finger on. Steve knows, deep in his heart, that he would've stumbled across Tony sometime or another. Tony was the son of Howard Stark, a man that Steve respected and honoured to give him the chance to fight for the good things in life whether it be back in the 1920' of now. Of course Steve would want to meet Howard's son.
Bruce had graduated 2 years after Tony had. While Tony was developing his first marketed StarkTab at 18, Bruce was graduating with honours at Harvard University at 19, a stones throw away from where 2 years earlier, Tony had been graduating with honours at MIT. It had taken Tony two years to graduate, it had taken Bruce less than that, not that Tony was keeping a competitive tally, it was just something he had noticed.
at Tony. He watches as Tony peels away the wrapper before making a happy found, taking a bite of the Cheeseburger with a delightful moan that really fûcking shouldn't make Steve squirm and look away.
"You're only sayin' that because you aren't gay."Steve rolls his eyes, glancing at the photograph of Tony that he has saved to his phone. It's a cute photograph of Tony and it makes him blush every time that he thinks that.
"That's what life does to you, you out of all people should know that."Tony does some more tapping on his screen, running a hand through his hair as he stares down at his notes. This is more than enough to pass to Strange, let him have a run through of the details before passing them on. "Right, I'm done with you."
Usually sleeping in Steves house is Bucky's place of escape, it's always a lot quieter than living in a household filled with younger little sisters and a mom that won't get off his back about this and that. Steves house has always been his place of escape, a place where he can sleep without being woken up by fingers jabbing at his sides for him to help with his little sisters maths problems and a place where he can freely eat whatever is in the fridge without being swatted or f the kitchen by his mom or judged on his eating habits.
"This wasn't my fault."He whispers, lips barely moving, tongue heavy and numb. His eyes keep flickering to the photographs attached to the tabloid article, with Tony draped over a lap of a man that he doesn't recognise, his hands curled in a blondes hair, his back pressed against a chest of one Tiberius Stone with an outward look of pure bliss on his face but his eye so far away and empty.
"Everything will be fine. I mean, they are overwhelming and forward but they don't mean any harm and I'll be looking out for you to make sure you're comfortable, alright?"
"Tony Stark..."The name feel familiar on his tongue but he feels dirty when it passes through his lips, as if he doesn't have the right to say that name anymore, and really, it has been an awful long time since he has said it out loud. Sure, Steve has spent many months, many years thinking of that name, thinking of the face, the body, the way it talked and walked and swaggered, but to actually say the name is something entirely different.
"Tony, don't you dare hang up on me. Where are you, are you hurt?"Steve is up and out of bed, hopping round the small bedroom in search for his clothes, for joggers and a hoodie and shoes preferably too.
"If I'm smoking from the same packet, do you really think they're poison? C'mon, my arm is going dead."He rattles the packet in the air impatiently for James to take one, not backing down until he spots James' hand come and hesitantly take one from the packet. Tony snorts,"Thought so. Now join me."
It's stupid, silly things that Steve knows, and he knows it's stupid silly things like the way that Tony sleeps curled up and his face scrunched or how he constantly seems to threaten to turn his bot' Dumm-E into a toaster if he doesn't behave, even though he loves the company in his workshop at MIT, that would make Bucky's face scrunch in disgust and mutter something about how he still doesn't know him.
"I had a family."Is all she can say because it's an explanation itself, because family is an excuse, it's valid, it's legit, it's used for emergency situations or for events that you don't want to go to because when you say my family needs me, or, my daughter is sick, it's a lot more important than a funeral of a long lost friend or a crying child that isn't your own.
long, has it?"Ty looks generally surprised and come to think of it, it has been that long since he and Ty last spoke, last saw one another and mingled in each other's company. Tiberius had found him on the balcony, Tony had just been made Times Magazine Man Of The Year and Tiberius was all but thrilled to buy him a couple of congratulatory drinks. They had talked, they had drank, they had fucked and then he was gone. Until now, of course.
They were an odd mixture, from Clint Barton - the guy who seemed to take nothing seriously and was probably failing everything but Phys ed -, Bruce Banner - the only intelligent being in their group -, Natasha Romanova - probably the most attractive girl in school but would kick your balls into your stomach -, Thor Odinson - A jock who didn't really fit in well with the jocks -, Phil Coulson - the father to Steves Mother instincts - and James 'Bucky' Barnes - a teen who has seen too much but was a solider at heart.
"I know intelligence when I see it, Tony."And it's then that Tony's stomach sinks at the realisation that Bruce
But there was only one of Tony, and despite the dozens of intelligent minds that work hard to perfect Tony's products, there was only one mind that could truly perfect it.
"Fuck,"Steve curses whenever he reaches further into the backpack, grimacing whenever his fingers land in the coldness of the milkshakes that has now been spilt all over the bottom of his backpack, making it unbearably soggy and disgusting.
, out of all the places in the world, Steve had not been expecting Tony to be standing in that hospital cubical, as a
"It is so fucking beautiful."Clint whispers in awe, wide eyed at Tony who shrugs his shoulders, going to dig around in the pockets of his jeans for the car keys, throwing them at the blonde with a shrug and a smile.
He was 15 when he started MIT, the youngest to ever be accepted but by far the brightest student to ever attend. Tony didn't need his Fathers money to pay his way into a successful college, he was intelligent, witty and maybe he was a sarcastic smart ass but hey, that was who Tony was and nothing was going to change that about him.
"Are you okay?"Rhodey is quick to asking whenever Tony's parents are out of earshot of their conversation. Tony shakes off his dreading fear of the evening, looking at Rhodey with a tight fitting smile on his face.
"I haven't even had breakfast yet."Tony finds himself semi-whining, turning on his heel to head back towards his bedroom, quick shower and change in order before he heads to the hospital for this
It's a familiar position for Tony to find himself in, with heavy hands gripping his shoulders, body pressed against a wall, a counter, the door of a lecture hall or the velvet sofa of a V.I.P lounge area, but this time, he's not scared, just
Steve has been over since early this morning, not too early for the Barnes family to open their presents - since that's one thing Steve doesn't want to be apart of. It's a family tradition and no matter how long he has known the Barnes or how many times Mrs Barnes tells him he's family, he doesn't want to intrude - but early enough that he was there on time for breakfast. French Toast with Maple Syrup and cream.
."He seems to be the kind of guy that is always looking to fix things, whether that's directly because of his own fault or another's. God knows Stark Industries have done enough fault over the years, no matter how much they indorse into the military."
"This one?"Steve asks just to make sure, trying his best not to bend to pick up the backpack and not extending his arms down.
"I know- I know that."He catches her wrist as she goes to leave, mingle with the press, get her perfectly constructed words about the wonderful arrangement of the Gala, about the dreadful earthquake, flood or cancer that they are fundraising for this evening."I'm sorry. It's been-
me to give you this chance, to redeem yourself, as a new young man, but yet again you have proved to me that you are nothing but an immature boy who is just
"So he's a Doctor now, huh?"Natasha states because it's more a statement than an actual question, told by the briefness of Bucky's text that somehow he was involved. No name was given but Natasha is far from stupid.
"I'm going for a run."Steve finally breaks the silence, tearing his eyes away from Bucky in fury, jaw clenched shut and nostrils flared in anger. He doesn't know why he's getting so worked up about this, Bucky is right, Steve barely knows Tony, but there's something itching under his skin that's telling Steve to defend Tony no matter what. And it's weird, yet another thing to add to the weird things about Tony Stark and what he does to Steve.
"Turn off that phone or snapping it in half, Punk."Bucky grumbles, half of his face buried into one of the Steves pillows, hogging most of the blankets that he has wrapped himself around. It's not even that late - depending on who you asked - but he's tired and as much as he would like to pretend that he's interested on whoever it is that Steve is texting or doing on his phone, he really doesn't give a shit.
"What did we agree, hmm? You would stop these silly, immature games in exchange for my absence of your life."
"Okay you."Bucky rolls his eyes in annoyance because there was no use in telling Steve any advice on how to text the babe that he's so obviously sweet on. Sitting up, Bucky holds his hand out for Steves phone."Gimme the phone. I want to see the babe you're sweet on."
"You're disgusting."But there's a smile tugging at the corner of his lips, pushing his falling glasses back up his nose. He had been working on a paper before he was rudely interrupted. However, despite the interruption, Bruce was kind of happy for it. He hasn't heard from Tony in a while, not since Tony had miraculously thought up of a new cybernetic technology that he could advance into his prosthetics.
"Fuck you."He pouts before he continues."You have that option too if you'd like, don't look at me like that, I know. Anyway, Jarvis is picking up your suit on his way back here, it's black, crisp and new. It'll suit you very well, I'm sure of it."
"Which you did well and I'm very thankful for that, trust me, that's why I'm giving you the money."He dodges Sarah as she tries to hand the money back to the teenager, shaking his head and taking steps away."Keep it, please. Treat yourself with new shoes or tidy up your house, or take your son out for dinner, I don't know but
"You really have to stop with the snappiness, Rogers."Tony lets out a laugh, stretching his limbs and letting out a groan whenever he feels a couple of his bones crack and his muscles stretch."But if I have to have another friend, I'm glad that you are them."He smiles, once that was small but genuine and made Steve smile Back.
To Tony's surprise, only two of those scents are coming off of him, still fully clothes in jeans and a shirt that is way too tight and way too flimsy, the soft blue light of his Arc Reactor shining through the flimsy material and brightening the dark material of Obies suit. His jeans are stained and so is his shirt, with liquids and dirt but he doesn't care.
"I have to pack,"Which is a lie, Tony hadn't even unpacked his belongings in the first place, a quick getaway if he needed. Tony is already heading for his backpack, stuffed with clothes and medication that Bruce and Thor basically forced down his throat the night before. He's swinging it onto his shoulder when Steve is suddenly there.
Tony tenses whenever she sees his mom come towards him, already able to see the effects of whatever Howard has given her to 'calm her nerves' take over. She's a social butterfly, Tony knows that he gets it from her.
"So I've this bruise..."Tony starts, holding up his exposed elbow and making a show of looking at it himself, frowning.
Or, he doesn't even make it to his bedroom, nor does he find himself waking up in his workshop, but haven collapsed somewhere between the elevator to the bedroom, sometimes the livingroom, mostly the couch. There, he'd wake up in the worst state, because those types of states where he finds himself waking up on the sofa is only because he was too intoxicated to get to the bedroom, and that comes hand in hand with haven made a scene from one place to another. Which, unfortunately so, means a wake up call from Obie because bad press of Tony is bad press for S.I.
"Stevie says you're in college, some massive brainiac apparently."Bucky speaks up just as Tony has gotten up from where he was sitting and starting to walk back into the house, not liking the idea of his lips turning physically blue with coldness.
"Some teens were beating up a homeless man, I stepped in and sorted it out."He shrugs his shoulders, slumping into the dusty leather material of his seat. He ends up listing off all of injures in monotone, knowing that he will have to repeat everything he has said to everybody else that asks.
, as you so call it, existed until I told you both about it. Being a doctor and a prosthetist is not my only profession, it's a side gig and it's one that I take extremely seriously, but I also run a company which I have to promote and maintain. I am being extremely generous with what I am doing for Mr Barnes and if I were you, I would be careful of what you demand and ask from me, Steve."
Tony doesn't know the date, or the time, but that doesn't matter as he over turns mattresses and throws linen across rooms in search for his mobile phone, keys, wallet, clothes that aren't stained with fluids and powder and what he hopes is mud. His heart is thumping against the Arc Reactor, his teeth are doing a number to his bottom lip as he scampers around the upturned Stark House, collecting what he needs and making a mental note to beg Obie for his assistance.
"Obviously not enough to come and visit me in the hospital."Tony grumbles, trying to pull away from his Mothers touch.
."Bucky snarks, something childish about his tone of voice as he stalks behind Steve. The blond doesn't even resist the urge to roll his eyes as he crouches to open the washing machine to put on the load.
"I won't tell if you don't,"Obi almost whispers, his voice gruff in that way that makes Tony's stomach curl and turn, wanting to throw up the food he had forced himself to eat only because his Mother kept giving him concerned glances. He swallows thickly whenever Obi leans in further, a stench of expensive cigar on his clothing."And we both know that you
"Is my coffee that amazing?"Bruce's hair is just as unruly looking as Tony's, looser curls and rectangular glasses that he hadn't been wearing the night before now perched on his nose. It reminds Tony to have a look for his own, haven lost them sometime last night.
"I'm allowed it eventually,"He rolls his eyes again, scratching at one of his healing scars on his face, mid down his left cheek. It was stitched up and healing, just one of many that was covering his body both from the incident and from past accidents."Don't worry, I'm not going to die."Giving Steve his best smile, he watches as Steve finally sags into the chair.
"No, you're not wrong, because you never fucking are, but don't use that as an excuse."He turns away, pacing again. Tony stands by the window, fogged with condensation, and it's dramatic of him to act this way, and he knows it, and he knows that he has no right to because Rhodey had decided to join the Air Force long before he had met Tony.
"I'm clean! I promise!"Tony raises his hands up in surrender, taking a step away from Rhodey who continues to give him that disapproving look that he has seemed to develop over the time he's known Tony Stark."Well, I've been doped up on Morphine for like 3 weeks but I'm clean of weed, and cocaine-"
"Yeah,"Tony shrugs his shoulders, screwing a screw back into place with his screwdriver."But that's unlikely to happen, it's more likely I'll die from untreated infection around the arc reactor than anything else, I mean I have a fucking hole in my chest, of course I'm going to get infected."
By the end of the shopping trip, Tony can't really say that he didn't enjoy it. Steve kicks up a fuss at every other food item, and by the others he's just amazed by the different varieties of biscuits and crisps, the size of Nutella jars and the changes of Coca Cola bottles. They end up buying more than they had too but Tony doesn't mind, he has money to burn and doesn't mind spending it on Steve if it makes the Super Solider Happy.
"Well when that time comes, it will come."Sooner than one thinks. There's a voice in the back of his head that is telling him, almost like a beg to tell him mom now of his plans for the future, that if he is unsuccessful in school - and let's face it, he isn't doing all that well despite all of the tutoring that Bruce is giving him on the weekends - that he's going to enrol into the army.
"It could be worse, bird."Phil chimes, being the reasonable being and hanging his coat up. It wasn't soaked unlike everyone else, Phil had a remarkable skill on disappearing and reappearing in mer seconds.
"Hmm, I'm still going to recommend physio, especially because it's going to be awhile until I next see you. I need that solid 9 to be a solid 10.5. Clint can come along, you can be taught exercises that you can both do together that will build up your remaining muscle strength, you're literally going to be shouldering a shoulder and arm so you need all the strength you can get."
"What can I say? I'm rich and have people willing to do anything for me, whether it be writing my shopping list or actually doing the shopping. I don't need to do anything more than sit around and look pretty."There's a small smirk playing on Tony's lips, a glint in those coffee brown eyes.
"What happened? Are you okay?"Rhodey panics, a hand resting on Tony's cheek not minding of the make up that he wears. Shakily, Tony sighs, his heart pumping in his chest as the nerves of what has happened before Rhodey arrived still running in his head, mixing with other events similar to the one before that continue to scar Tony's mind, a deep dark secret that even Rhodey doesn't know of.
DUMM-E was lucky enough still back at MIT when the explosion happened, seeing as Tony was more or less at MIT for most of the year the 'bot stayed there unless it was the summer holidays. As much as the 'bot wrecks everything and makes Tony's life hell at times, he wouldn't know what to do without his favourite 'bot.
He's be stuck in it for days and days, downing down coffee so he doesn't need to sleep, all until either Pepper storms down and drags him by the scruff of his neck into a shower and a clean suit, or Rhodey has to spend his first day back trying to get his best friend for God knows how many years to actually eat a proper meal that didn't contain traces of meat that really shouldn't be set by humans or caffeine.
"You get remembered for the things you did badly, not the ones you did good. Take Hitler for example, we remember him for being at fault for the Holocaust, but nobody ever remembers him as the artist."Tony shrugs his shoulder, sitting on the edge of the sofa that Phil had collapsed on.
Maybe it was because he was the youngest on campus, that he just wanted to fit with the first crowd of people that seemed to take an interest in him, but whatever it was Tony's trouble - as Rhodey continued to call it - had landed him him in a ditch; face first, ass up. It was a whirlwind of Alcohol that made his body all numb, Drugs that helped ease the pain in his head and sex; fuck was the sex amazing.
or not."Tony brings the flickering cigarette up to his lips, fingers posed correctly, large glasses sliding down his nose which he corrects with a little push of his index finger."What are you going to do, squeal on me?"
"I know."He's swift with his actions, almost delicate on his feet as he swerves away from the sharp shoulder and around, eying up the bar that is so plainly in his sight before he's grabbed the attention of a Senator or a suitor that Obie still loves to dangle in front of his eyes every once in a while, hoping that Tony will settle down with a gorgeous Dutches or a wealthy arms manufacturer, for his sake and not for Tony's.
Anyway, he doesn't want to scare Steve away, in that sense. Tony thinks the teen can stand in front of God himself and not bat an eyelash. But in a way that maybe he's not comfortable with those as open, as easy going when it comes to sexuality and touch that Tony is. Tony doesn't know what Steve is like when it comes to that type of stuff, he's positive that he's straight though, which as much as Tony wouldn't like to admit, is pretty disappointing.
“Damn Thor, way to make a guy blush.”Tony is scarlet at the comment, brown eyes wide but there’s an adorable grin on his face that makes Steve’s heart do a double beat and his stomach do these sort of flips and flops in adoration at the sight.”You’re not too bad yourself. Gonna make someone very happy one day.”
"Well your opinion is invalid."Steve scoffs, throwing his mobile onto the bedside table as he stretches himself, a groan escaping his lips."I'm going to the kitchen, you want anything?"
"Buck, if I stopped talking to someone every time that you didn't like them, my only friend would be
. Tony could talk for hours to Strange about his ideas, his inventions and dreams and as much as Strange was smart, he didn't understand. But Bruce did.
"I'm your friend,"And damn that super solider hearing that Steve Rogers was blessed with. Steve turns, a hand still on the trolley but now looking back at Tony with eyes that Tony was sure we're bluer than any ocean he has ever came across. Tony would never admit it, but Steve was handsome and it wasn't in that sort of fanboy way - because he will refuse until his grave that he was ever a fan of Captain America as a child because he wasn't - it was a more in a;
"It was lovely to meet a friend of Tony's."Maria gives Rhodey a sincere smile before she is being ushered away by Howard, he man giving his son a look that means all too much as he walks away, leaving the two where they stand.
"Am I not allowed to check my phone like a normal teenager?"Steve raises his eyebrow at Bucky because he's one to talk. Bucky is on his phone more than anyone he knows, other than Clint when he's playing colour switch or some stupid game like that.
song when you were 12 and it changed your life. You'd be a nice enough guy if it wasn't for the fact that you look like you drain the blood out of wounded animals for a living."
"That's discrimination."He pouts, rolling off of the couch and venturing until the kitchen area, throwing open Steve's fridge without a second thought or hesitation in his actions.
"Duh? What's the point in having a Russian friend and not stealing their vodka? It's common sense."Bucky has that odd smile on his face as he leans back into the chair, rubbing a hand over his face and then through his well styled hair. He might not care for Christmas - people in general - but he cared about his appearance, and shamelessly looked good in anything.
With great pride, Steve can say that he not only now owns a laptop that has all of its original keys, but a phone that he no longer needs to flip in order to answer a phone call. He doesn't the phone often enough to know the ins and outs of his incredibly expensive IPhone but he is thankful to be upgraded to a phone of this decade and a laptop that doesn't shut down if it's away from its power source for more than 5 minutes.
And besides, the collective test results had came back positive, other than an accidental addiction problem when involving one of the breakfast related meal replacement shakes, but Tony found a solution.
"This isn't just a fight that you start on the corner of the street, Steve, this is a war."She tries to empathise, wanting to get it into Steve's head, make him know that this isn't something small or little, it's not a petty fight or one that can easily be brushed under the carpet, it's a war, a grown-up fight, so be it."You could come away with a lot more than a few scrapes and a busted nose, you could lose your life."
"Ha!"He laughs."Now either shut up and leave or fetch me a screwdriver, a universal one if you can, one that can be changed to fit multiple screws Incase you don't know what universal means."They inform, voice muffled with concentration and not even spearing Steve a glance who is hanging around the doorframe, unsure if he should step into the room and hold the chair so that the teen doesn't fall.
"Tony,"Steve almost smiles sadly, reaching out to lay a gentle hand on Tony's hand. Tony's very faint flinch doesn't go unnoticed by Steve, the teenager retracting his hand slowly away."Tony, friends come in all shapes and sizes, problems and without. I don't care of anything other than you being you."
."He gestures aggressively to his phone."You could have anyone you wanted and you're pinning on this guy? I wouldn't be surprised that he has more STIs than a seat in a clinic."
"We have no conversation to continue."Steve declares, fixing the scarf around his neck and pulling the hat over his head.
"Okay and I think this is an excellent time to say goodbye."Tony is blushing, trying to find anyway to end this conversation before Steve can figure out how much that Tony is affected by this."Take him to bed, not literal, but you know what I mean. Before he hurts himself."
"You're going to get me in trouble,"She shakes her head, setting the tray down onto a table that will come up over the bed for Tony.
"Well, you're not an easy person to get along with, Tony."Stephen has already started to walk away by the time Tony turns to look at the doctor, Steve out of sight and out of mind, going off to deal with his own responsibilities and duties and leaving Tony to his own.
"How's your mom?"He asks tenderly, watching as Steve sighs, his chest rising and falling heavily, eyes turning from the window to Bucky who sits a desk diagonal from him, slanted in a chair and long dark hair falling over his face a little.
"Don't give me that 'I'm fine' bullshit, Tones. Did that man do anything to you? Because I swear, if that son of a bitch laid a hand on you, I'll rip it fucking off."Rhodey promises, a look in his eyes that shows that he means business by what he says. Shakily, Tony gives his best friend a smile, sagging into his chest for a much wanted hug because he always feels protected when he's with Rhodey,
"Yeah, um, I don't know Steve-"Because it's one thing being friends with someone outside of his comfort zone - and Steve is so far out of his comfort zone that he might as well be on Mars - but it's even worse meeting new people. Tony might be the worlds biggest social butterfly but that doesn't mean he enjoys the company of others because he
The room is as untouched at the last time that Tony spent the night here, in Stark House, a year or two before he was accepted into MIT and he and Peggy spent week of summer just chilling. It had been a good week, Tony loved the beach and he loved the ocean and Peggy use to tell the most amazing of stories that kept his mind away from he haunting family that he left back in New York.
Okay, Tony is making the last one up but he swears he heard one of Howard's business partners ask that to Howard behind his back.
"What do you mean it's not your thing, you gave me the idea! You helped me, Bruce. You and I spent weeks and months looking over designs, worked on prototypes, tested it, and now you're telling me it's not your thin-"
. He should be happy that he's going home, that she going to see his Mom, to sleep in his own bed, his own room, his own home. He should be happy that he's going to eat food cooked by highly paid chefs and be catered by housekeeping that are hired to wipe his ass for him if need be. But he isn't.
In reality, Tony wishes to make a heads start with the new upgrades to the latest Stark Phone, in which he designed the specs for and that he will design the upgrades for too. It's not due for another month or two but Tony knows himself, and without the reminder of JARVIS, that he has a lot of busy months ahead of him in remark to travelling. As much as Tony hates the idea of travelling to war withered countries to promote Stark Industries, and furthermore, the weapons that Stark Industries continues to produce despite Tony's dismay and argument, he can't wait to get away from New York.
"What the fuck are you doing?"Steve asks in panic, his eyes widening as he watches Tony pull at wires and fiddle with screwdrivers. The heart monitor is there for a reason, still connected to Tony but deemed useless now as it lays on the bed in front of Tony, dismantled into pieces. He's taking off his hat and scarf, shaking it from snow.
me. You have something to tell me, or something to yell at me, and it's eating you up inside but instead you're trying to butter me up with
Tony's face has had a habit of being plastered over tabloids and 60 second gossip intervals between television programmes, but Obie and the impressive Public Relation team that he set up for Tony's best interest at heart was always quick with smudging NSFW photographs and distorting stories. Tony loved the attention, he still
Because then it becomes real, much how it became real to see him int he flesh, standing and talking and moving his hands as he spoke, for his chest to rise with every breathe, for that Arc Reactor to glow that continuous blue that reminded everyone that he was still alive. That was real, that was something that actually happened, and Steve is still in awe of it so. And goddamnit, does he feel 17 again and flustered and angered.
"Oh, fuck sorry."Tony is moving his thumb away from the front camera in awareness with a bush on his cheeks at the stupidity of it all."I was covering my identity."
"So that's a yes? I'll pick you up, I'll steal one of Howard's cars, he won't even notice it's gone Wherever the fuck he is, but if I can't I'll get a driver to pick you up, okay? No point getting a bedroom fixed up, you're bunking with me, that good? Of course that's good-"
In hospital, he's been sheltered from storming Paparazzi that have been following him since the announcement of Howard and Maria Starks pregnancy, he's been out of the way of his Fathers mood swings and back lashes, he's been through a rough patch of detox and damn, despite the fact he has a hole in his chest, he feels pretty damn good.
The nerves never settle and only seem to get worse as the dinner approaches and he hears news of who will be attending from the bustling staff who pass him and Rhodey in the hallway. He knows that he shouldn't care of who will be here, but in a way that he does, these are the people that will be handling the company alongside Tony whenever Howard bites the dust and as much as Tony is an alcoholic to be, he doesn't want to be known as an asshole alcoholic like Howard.
"See, they remember what happened."Tony waves at his other bots, looking Dum-E up and down as the bot makes an almost sad sounding beep, going to turn around and dispose of the coffee somewhere else. Tony sighs, watching how Dum-E seems to move slowly away from him, as if he's trying to make him feel guilty. "Fine, I'll take the coffee. You're so petty."
"Did you design the specs yourself? I had done research awhile ago on Paladium but I was never able to wrap my head around it."
It's not that Steve fears of regretting his decision, it's more that Steve fears of what he'll miss out, which is a lot worse in his head, anyway. Steve, as much as it sounds shallow and self-important, has always been the centre of their group. He's always been the one to make decisions, sway them out of trouble or take the brunt of the trouble instead. They always hang out at his house, in his garden, around his schedule of school, extracurricular activities, volunteering, visiting Tony in the times that he did.
He touches the curtain with the tips of his fingers, feels it's paper fabric that's so close to his grasp, his back turned to the acquaintance, the stranger, the
"You talked about me? To your friends?"Tony says quietly, playing with the draw strings of his hoodie as he avoids looking at Steve, for some reading feeling embarrassed about the whole situation.
It's a long drive, and Tony makes sure that he's pilled the back seats with food and drink because if there's one thing that his parents have taught him, it's that he can't show up to somebodies house empty handed - and he takes that to his grave, whether the gift to the house is a candle, food or cocaine.
His heart hurts, just like it had done all those years ago, but it's been numbed with years of extra layers of pain instead. Of death and abandonment and unwanted responsibility and controlling elders that still have such a firm grip of you around the base of the neck, shaking you like a rag doll whenever they wanted. And Tony sighs, sparing a suddenly quietened Steve a glance, mulling in his own thoughts and realisations of words he had thought of Tony but had never said. But Tony knows. He always knows, because everyone always thinks them of Tony Stark.
"How nice."Maria gives Rhodey a smile, pulling her hand away whenever the handshake ends. Her eyes catch sight of their hooked elbows, giving Tony a look with a raised eyebrow that makes him squirm because he was not going to have his Mother bring
"Oh I've seen it, I expected better."He dumps Tony onto the bed, watching how the younger male seems to just stretch out on the silk sheets, his body glistened by the streaming sunlight that shines through the large windows that stretch from wall to wall, leading to view of the magnificent beach and ocean below.
, has always been one to struggle to come off the edge of his tongue, caught somewhere in his mouth and bounced at the teeth. It's one that he once use to speak of with adoration.
. He's something that you crave yet you shouldn't have because it'll rot you, create a monster out of you, destroy your life little by little until it's taken away from you and you're left in the decay. But intoxication always feels good when you're riding on that high, of the scent of his expensive cologne or freshly pressed coffee, of the roughness of his finger tips in comparison to the softness of his lips, of the way his eyes lift when he smiles, crinkles with his grin, laughs when he laughs.
"I forgot to phone Steve!"He says louder, more urgently before, turning swiftly on the spot."I'll be five minutes."
"How about I push you in front of a moving bus and you can test that theory yourself, honey."Tony suggests, throwing a famous Tony Stark smile over his shoulder at the blonde, walking further away from the Blonde.
"This is me and DUMM-E, my 'bot who I keep talking about."Tony looks proud as he smiles down at the next photo, already handing off the previous photo frame to Sarah so she can put it by his bedside."I built him a couple of years ago, he's a menace but I love him. The fucking board won't allow me to have him in my room."He curses."Saying that he'll wreck everything, but he won't."
Steve is taking the bags off of Tony and Tony can't help but to stare just a little at the way that Steve's muscles flex at the new weight and god, why is he only noticing now of how much muscle that Steve has?
"They could've seen your dick."He laughs, followed by a chorus of others as they catch onto what he meant.
It's a mothers groping fear for her son to get hurt, so badly enough that it leaves them scarred, disabled or dead. As a nurse and a mother, Sarah Rogers has had to witness the death of children, the Grieving of parents. It was the worse part of her job, to see a teen of Steves age be hooked up to life support machines or have life saving emergency surgery to fill the gaping hole in the middle of their chest.
"At least I would be of better use to you, Sir."Tony seems to laugh through his nose at the comment, catching sight of his smirk of amusement through the bathroom mirror that has been illuminated with light upon his entrance. The smirk seems to fall, only slightly, off of his face as he catches sight of his appearance, of his full nakedness in the illuminated bright mirror that seems to etch out every little detail of his body, of his muscles, of his skin, of his scars, of the florescent blue orb of light that remains situated in the middle of his chest.
"You really think I could get a Noble Peace Prize?"He plays coy, only looking at Bruce through his eyelashes as he plays with a spanner instead. It has crossed his mind every so often but to hear it coming from someone else makes it seems a lot more real.
"Uh, yeah. I'll ask him."Dipping the bread into the whisked eggs, Steve places them into the headed up pan.
The kitchen is quiet as Steve enters after his nap, ready to grab himself a bottle of water from the fridge before waiting out on the front porch for Bucky to pick him up in Natasha's car to sign up. His mom is already there, sitting at the kitchen table about to go to work but willing to wait for her son to make an appearance, a last minute intervention.
Bucky's phone is yet again shoved into Steve's hands, forcing him to read the articles and websites about the Starks, most notably Tony Stark who seems to have pages dedicated to him. Anthony Edward Stark. Date of Birth: May 29th. Parents: Howard Stark and Maria Stark (
As promised, he buys Tony a coffee on his way up to his room, as well a a cup of tea for himself since he's never really been the coffee fan. As polite as ever, Steve says his Hellos to the staff that recognise him as being Sarah Rogers 'Little boy' and stops at odd times to chat with a couple of patients.
"Who's that?"Clints voice startles Steve from his texting, fumbling with the mobile in his abnormally large hands as he struggles to catch it without it falling. His alerted action causes Natasha to swerve the car, earning annoyed honks of horns from other drivers and angered Russian Swears to be shouted out the window from Natasha.
"It's that too,"The corners of his mouth pick up in a smirk, lips pressed to the rim of the beer bottle."We're celebrating Bucks prosthetic, dude! Or well, hopeful prosthetic, he's so fucking secretive man and then Phil is so loyal- which isn't a
The laptop is open and Steve stares at its screen for a long time, watching as the pictures of his desktop fade in and out of photos from long ago and those that are most recent too. Steve had searched that name once, long ago, and his fingers dance that same rhythm across the keyboard and he hits search-
"I-"Tony can't breathe, a restriction on his airways, a heavy weight upon his chest tats keeping him weighed down to the floor of the ocean, keeping him there, drowning him in the thick mass of dark sea as his heart hammers harder in his chest, louder in his ears."I'm Tony."
"What happened to being on my side?"Clint pouts, a hearing aid left on the kitchen table and his good ear listening to Phil. Tony can vaguely remember being told about Clint being somewhat deaf and he must be a pretty good lip reader from what Tony can pick up because Clint hadn't missed a beat of their conversation from the night before until this morning.
"Tony Stark."Tony grins, a smile that he only brings out when he has to be extra polite and greet people welcomingly. It's dazzling and charming, just like everything else is about Tony Stark. Bruce seems to hesitate as he goes to shake Tony's hand, looking like he has something to say and Tony swears that his heart nearly stops beating in his chest for that moment.
Steve's neighbour is straight out of day time television show. The houses are almost so similar if it wasn't for the difference in cars, the colour of doors or what's in their front lawn, and the hosted are fairly small from the outside but Tony expects them to be larger on the inside. But they're nice, the homes actually look like
Tony flinches whenever his phone starts to ring, an unknown caller trying to Video call him which makes Tony's face frown. As much as he is a flirt, Tony is always careful of who he gives his phone number to and surprisingly, only a few people actually have his phone number which Tony is okay with because he'd rather have a few than everybody.
"Dr Grey needs a consult- don't look at me like that, not my department, not my business. Mr Barnes is also here for his measurements so we can work on a suitable prototype."
"Howard, this is James, A friend of Anthony's from school."Maria introduces almost proudly, smiling at her husband and then to Rhodey who offers his own polite smile in return, keeping his elbow locked with Tony's as he offers his hand for Howard to shake.
He'd had tutors come in at the young age to teach a young Tony things that he had already picked up from text books himself, and it wasn't until he was 8 that he was sent off to boarding school. His summer breaks spent with Traveling with his Aunt Peggy, and Winter with whoever was free enough to take the responsibility of Tony Stark.
"I need to pack."He repeats like a broken record player, his hand tightening around the straps of his backpack.
"I know,"Sarah echoes just as softly, her words confirming that she knows what is going on in her sons mind, of all of his conflicting but knucklehead filled thoughts, of where his morals and loyalty stands."Just, please-"
"By three weeks I had the key to your house."Bucky deadpans, a smirk on his lips. It had actually belonged to his Mom after Sarah had gave it to her incase of emergency. Bucky had quickly stolen the key not even 3 weeks after his friendship with Steve had blossomed and still remains with it around his neck to his day, along with housekeys to everyone else's homes as well.
"I can't take your money, you're just a kid!"She stresses, watching the way that an unidentifiable emotion flickers through Tony's eyes before it disappears.
"So where is that you'll go whenever you leave?"Steve asks out of curiosity, nearly tripping over  Tony's wires as Tony stretches out the wires of the heart monitor that chimes with ever beat of his heart.
And is it an act? Tony sometimes finds himself asking, especially now as he lies on his single breasted bed, pushed into the corner of a dorm bedroom that he hardly finds himself occupying. The covers are pooled at his waist, scenting of freshly washed laundry that he's sure Rhodey's mom did for him the last time she came up for Parents Weekend, naked under the sheet with the curtains drawn and the Arc Reactors light glowing the room.
"And I don't think you should be interfering with what I'm doing."He grumbles back, his back to Steve as he fiddles with a couple of wires that were hanging out the back of the tv."You can either help me fix this fucking television or go away."
Despite it all, Tony had still floated in and out of Steve's thoughts in the oddest of moments after he had enlisted and served. He still longed for his touch as he was camped out on dusty wastelands, awaiting for a war criminal or an enemy to strike. Steve would still find himself wanting to rush to his mobile phone and type out a message to Tony about a new type of coffee he has come across, or how Tony's 'bots would put the Army's to shame. Or that Steve's nose was still haunted by the smell of Tony; of freshly ground coffee, of motor oil and grease, of sweet, expensive cigarettes imported from Turkey.
And so they had talked, Tony had dragged the pair away from the hustle and bustle of a charity event that he could no longer remember the known cause for and had taken the liberty of taking Bruce to his favourite 24 hour diner. They had talked over coffee, used sugar and straws to draw out equations and make make-shift blue prints and diagrams and had emptied their ideas at that diner booth until the sun was rising and the city began to bustle again.
It doesn't really surprise Steve whenever he finds Bucky already in his bed, curled up on his side and texting on his phone. It wasn't as if Bucky didn't have a key to the Rogers household, because he did, and it was for emergencies which were often ones like 'we've ran out of Doritos for our salsa dip' or 'Thor locked me out of Netflix again so I'm going to use yours' which Steve didn't mind.
"Bruce, my literal life saviour. Where have you been all my life?"Tony is gasping in awe as he is handed a mug of coffee the minute he seems to glide into the small kitchen of the Rogers resident. It's approaching 10 in the morning, a total of 4 hours sleep on the clock and probably the most that Tony has had since he was in a coma.
and I'm not allowing you to waltz after me, trying to start an argument when moments ago you were trying to fucking apologise. Make up your mind. Do you want to argue, or do you want to apologise?"
He should've suspected that the body curled next to him was Tony, not only for the unfamiliar but familiar smell that Steve knows will linger in his bedsheets, on his pillows, on his clothes, but of his his jogged memory can recoil himself falling asleep on his bed after an argument of who gets the remaining sofa and ending up with Clint being pushed to the living room floor. Tony had been absent for awhile, carried up in a fast talking, bawdy conversation with Thor in the kitchen, but Steve can remember the teen finding his way onto Steve's bed somehow, for some reason or another.
His schedule, that being at the time, consisting of attending never ending Board Meetings before being strung off to meeting after meeting in other parts of the City or mostly, in Stark Industries New York building itself, learning the trade of a company that Tony had no interest in with a heavy hand on his shoulder of a man who he didn't want to be touched by. A touch that still ghosts on his skin, a smell that still lingers at his nostrils.
Tony is sure he's going to die, I mean, he would be sure of it if he was conscious but he's not. The blast was strong enough to send him flying across the workshop, crashing into the liquor Cabinet that Howard kept in there for nights that he got frustrated and needed a numbing burn to slide down his throat. The impact knocked him out, the cabinet falling on top of him.
He had noticed it in the way she walked, her foot steps were off, the click of her heels were not equal, the way her knees were buckled and not straight, a bit slouched. Things only Tony would notice. He saw it in the way she hadn't a clipboard, or notes, or pages spilling out of heavy books as she usually balanced a cup of coffee on top. He saw it in the way a hair was out of place in her bun, how a ginger hair was swept over her forehead, stuck to clamming skin. Worried, concerned,
Buying and reselling cars was something that Tony had started doing as a past time back when he was at MIT, where instead of buying and reselling, he had done touch up jobs to busted Harley Davidson's or upgraded engines to shitty Ford Focus's in an attempt to ween needy upperclassmen off of him who either wanted his money or his mouth. It was also therapeutic, in a sort of weird way because it was an act that needed your undying attention in order not to cut his own wrist off of a sharp edge of metal but also one that took him out of his normal schedule too.
For once in his life, Tony Stark is early, which is something that never happens because usually, the places that Tony is being dragged to or being forced to go to are places that Tony would rather be dead than alive to be in, and usually with that, that means that arriving fashionably late gives Tony Stark the best type of entrance to any party or club.
"Of course you are."She shakes her head and with that, she leaves Tony where he stands in the car park. Tony swallows the lump in his throat, taking his eyes off where Sarah was standing as he forces himself to turn towards the car that has stopped beside him.
The sound of knocking on his bedroom door is what causes Tony to look up from his phone, brows drowning in confusion as he stares at his door because nobody ever knocks. It's too early for it to be Rhodey and even if it was, he'd text him to tell him that he's here, Jarvis is out for the afternoon and won't be back until the dinner.
"You're paranoid."Pepper had told him when he had dumped a stack of files onto her desk, filled with information about every single person who had glanced at the Stark Industries data frame that one time Obie decided to modernise the system, exposing the  S.I's date frame for literal seconds before Tony had swooped in and saved the day. The list stretched to multiple pages, however, and Tony's one glance at the names had told him exactly what he needed to know and have things dealt with before Pepper could even read the first 10 names.
"You do know you're a teenager yourself, right? No need to talk as if you're 70."Natasha laughs halfheartedly, giving her friend a side glance as she drives. Steve always had a habit of acting older than what he was, and it wasn't in that bad way where a 13 year old girl acts as if she's 21 simply by putting on make up and dressing like a skank, but in a way that Steve refers to things as if he was older.
Tony doesn't want Steve to know, he doesn't want that toxic knowledge to corrupt what angelic persona that Steve has obviously seemed to dream up when it comes to Tony. He doesn't want Steve to look at him any more differently than what he does now, he doesn't want that special treatment, the dancing around, the turned up faces, the muttering comments of all of the shameful, disgusting, embarrassing situations that Tony has gotten himself into.
But he doesn't blame her. Peggy had gotten a promotion, realised that she had to do something more in her life than hanging around New York all of the time, so she moved with her promotion to Washington and started up her new life, away from Tony, and away from all of her old memories. That didn't mean he hadn't seen her or heard from her, because Tony did, just not as much as he wishes, especially during the times that he really needed her.
"You don't. You and I both know that."Rhodey sighs, shaking his head whenever Tony huffs and moves to turn away, but he's being grabbed around the shoulders and yanked against a chest instead. He tenses, if only for a second or two, before his arms are around Rhodey and his hands are gripping the back of his t-shirt, pressed to his shoulder, eyes closed tight.
It doesn't take Tony long to get himself settled into his workshop routine, of letting Jarvis scan his emails for ones marked IMPORTANT and URGENT and for Tony to glance at them himself, deeming them either not of his time and pass them along to Pepper or ones he can complete in a matter of minutes without hassle. Jarvis has taken it to himself to create a To Do list of work because Tony may not like being told what to do but he sure does like having tasks to complete or else he will fall down a swampy rabbit hole of meaningless work.
But Rhodey was always easily manipulated when it comes to Tony Stark, and there it began their calendar countdown to Spring Break. Tony hadn't forgotten, checking his calendar as often as he could remember to do so until the weekend came and soon enough, Tony was throwing a suitcase or two into the trunk of the same car and set out for Malibu with his best friend in the passenger seat and Metallica blasting, desperate to enjoy the weekend.
Natasha had been unnerving, although strangely kind and almost sympathetic whenever she had approached Tony, as if she could see everything that he's been through and more. It was unsettling to say the least but she hadn't brought anything up and instead thrusted a bottle of vodka into his hands with a smile and left to annoy James.
Exploring his sexuality was never something that Tony thought about before going to MIT, he didn't care if he liked a cock up his ass or have his face between some girls breast and hey, the guys on campus didn't seem to care either. Tony was handsome, a right baby face on campus that the guys seemed to love and really, Tony didn't care what they did to him as he was too numb to even know what was happening.
Although, it didn't stop Tony from enjoying the fun while it was being handed to him, he always just made sure to never end up in bed with him, or even yet, let him in the dorm or workshop. It works out, because Ty Stone is non the wiser that Tony knows who he is and Tony gets his unlimited supply of illegal drugs.
Tony bites his bottom lip, feeling guilty that he's lying to Steve as easy as speaking a sentence. His lies about his parents came easily, he has been telling fibs since the moment he could talk and it was no use telling the truth to play some sort of sympathy card because he doesn't want that. He
"Hmm?"Clint leads on, peering over at his boyfriend from where he is curled up into Natashas side, stuffing a pink marshmallow into his mouth. Bruce has taken place on the sofa, Thor in one on the recliners as Bucky and Steve enter the room, riding themselves of their soaked clothing.
"Tony-"There's more movement and Tony has to stop himself from moving himself, backwards, falling into the curtain and into another cubical. He stands his guard, barely glances at the moving, broad shouldered, tall figure who Tony would once drop the world for just to stare at for a few seconds longer.
There's not much that Tony can remember, but there's also not much that Tony can forget. He can remember how hot it was inside the cave, that sort of mix of heat and humidity that once you start sweating, it seems to immediately evaporate. Sometimes, the heat became unbearable, unable to sit, unable to move, unable to talk or walk or sleep. The heat made you sweaty, sticky, smelly it made you mourn the cold, the feel of rain on your skin or snow on your tongue.
. A day at a time, where he can ignore yesterday and carry on with today, and if only he could do that about Steve.
"How many times do I have to tell you to call me Bruce, Tony."It's not even a question because Bruce knows just how excited Tony was when Bruce got his doctorate, leaping and jumping around his workshop like an excited puppy dog and he has made sure to use his title excessively ever since.
"Wait, what?"Bucky looks like a startled deer in headlights and Tony would laugh if it wasn't for the fact that Bucky looks truly petrified at Tony's request.
for me. I bought you that cheeseburger because I felt like shit for running out on you after...Y'know that."Steve waves his hand at Tony's chest, making the dark haired teenager look down at his chest and frown a little."You don't need to buy me anything."
"Don't. I get it, I really do. Rhodey is the exact same, I mean not with friends and probably a lot more aggressive and an
"If my mom doesn't know who you are, don't be offended. She can barely remember that I'm her son half of the time."Tony warns, elbows hooked with Rhodey's as they walk down the staircase together, dressed in their matching crisp suits and styled to perfection by a hired stylist. He can hear the clink of champagne flutes and the chatter from the main rooms, causing his palms to sweat.
"Oh my god, I'm teasing."Tony rolls his eyes, gesturing with his hands around the empty space that surrounds them. Anything coming into the house for the dinner would be entering through the backdoor into the rooms strictly only used for Dinners and guests, it also helps draw attention away from the damage of the house that is still noticeable."It's not as if anyone listening cares what I get up to anyway."
“Idle speculative curiosity,” Tony eventually said from his spot on Steve’s lap.  He’d settled down with his head on Steve’s shoulder, but he couldn’t stop touching the film covering his own signature.
Yes, the Buffalo Serpents are meant to be Hydra, but Hydras didn’t really seem like the sort of thing that would work particularly well as a franchise moniker. *shrug*
Steve looked up and nodded at Thor with a relieved smile, and T’Challa and Hopkins both circled around with their own observations and advice.  Danvers pitched in when they got stuck, and the third quarter wound down with the defense making an impressive stop when Dernier blew up Rumlow on a botched play to get his first sack of the season.
He smiled at the sharply detailed result, the mix of clean lines and organic curves.  He reached up to touch the swooping undercurve of the S, but Carla smacked his hand away.
They made it a block and a half before Tony spoke.  “So, where we headed, Chartbuster? Casino? Nightclub?”  He shot Steve a look. “Strip club?”
“Really? Do tell,” Tony finally angled all the way in and laid his head against Steve’s shoulder, batting his eyelashes up at Steve.
Steve ran his fingertip over the delicate raised ink on her business card, but shook his head.  “Season’s not over yet, so I can’t sign with anyone,” he repeated his words from his conversation with Natasha earlier in the afternoon.  “Plus, I may not even get an invite to the Combine. Pretty pointless me having an agent then.”
“Right.  Your agent emailed us about that right after you signed your contract.  I put a note in your file that we as an organization respect your right to keep such a personal loss private and as such we won’t offer any comment or statement on it.”
“Not--no?” Exasperated, Steve glanced at Fitz who just rolled his eyes down at the table.  “I know we’ve both talked about this before.”  He pointed between the pair of them.  “If I was on a team that needed me to start, I’d start.  But I’m not.  I’m here.  Fitz is healthy and good at his job, so he’s starting.”
Skipping lunch meant he was starving now, but he forced himself to only put one of the dinners he’d prepped for the week in the oven to heat.  He leaned on the counter while he waited and scrolled idly through his notifications. Tony had texted partway through the day.
When they stepped off the elevator, Tony shooed Steve towards the gentle curve of the living room windows as he pulled his phone out.  “Go, explore.”  He grabbed Steve’s elbow before he could wander too far.  “Any allergies?”
“Five years and the dude still won’t say y’all,” Devin griped good-naturedly.  “Well, that’s good, Cap, ‘cause we need this last win.”
“Shawarma bowl,” Steve answered around a mouthful of food.  He pushed the jar he’d brought out with him towards Tony.  “Put that on it.  It’ll change your life.”
He leaned out the bathroom door to holler back up the stairs.  “Were you waiting for the second the water shut off?”
“Okay, Grandpa Rogers” they both agreed as they dissolved into helpless laughter.  Steve just shook his head and smiled; their familiar jibes well-worn and comfortable.
Steve rolled his eyes.  He knew how he looked after a workout.  Tony had plenty of room to be smug himself though in pants that highlighted his ass and thighs and a shirt that reminded people he didn’t just hide in a lab all day.
“Under my collarbone.”  He smiled at Tony as he inched towards them, now examining the individual artists’ work.  “Something just for me, like my mom.”
Steve eyeballed the cooler then shrugged.  “Should.  If not, we can just take the beer out.  We’re not going that far”  He slammed the lid down on the cooler and together they hefted it between them.
Steve nodded even though Natasha couldn’t see him.  She was right. Apart from a few drunken fumblings in high school and his freshman year of college, Steve had remained quietly and resolutely single.  Even before he’d sewn up the starting role in college, he’d known. His silence was about protecting more than just himself.
“Yeah, okay,” Bucky agreed, putting the picture back.  “Don’t think I’ll be forgetting about this come rookie hazing though,” he promised with a gesture at the ample evidence of Steve’s drastically undersized youth.
While they waited on the elevator, Tony tangled his fingers with Steve’s.  “You’re sure I can’t convince you to let me call you a car?”
“Please, call me Peggy.”  She patted his arm reassuringly.  “You don’t have to make a decision right this instant.  If I could leave you with my contact details?  That way we can speak soon and see what role would best suit you in our organization.”
“So tell me something,” Steve said without looking up from the diagram he was using as a guide when the backdoor opened and closed.
“Can we help you acclimate?” Thor asked, sliding onto the bench next to Steve where he was studying the last drive.
When the timer went off on his phone, a quick jiggle of the pan told him his dinner was ready, or at least not likely to give him salmonella, so he pulled it out.  “Want any?”
“Let’s go, then.”  Tony looped his arm through Steve’s elbow and steered them towards the pedestrian bridge.
Steve slid his hands around Tony’s waist and slipped his fingers under Tony’s shirt to caress the bare skin at the small of his back as they kept kissing.
Tony pulled the other chair up next to Steve “So what is this?” he asked as he started poking his fork through the chicken, vegetables, and rice in his bowl.
Pepper’s thin smile gave nothing away.  “We’ve discussed our priorities as an organization thoroughly.”
The trek down to lunch wasn’t far, and Scott attached himself to Steve and Sam, content to fill the space between them with good-natured chatter as they walked.  Once they’d found a table, Steve pushed his food around on his plate, hoping no one would notice he didn’t have much of an appetite.
I'm back to work in-person, but I'm still planning on keeping to my every-other-week update schedule.  Good Lord willing.
Damn Natasha.  He should’ve known she’d leverage the bits of himself that suited her purposes to get what she wanted.  “Yes, ma’am.”
Thankfully, the botched handoff had only set them back two yards, so second and 12 from the 29 wasn’t nearly as bad as it could have been.  Hell, they were sending the offense back out instead of having to scramble the defense.  Two downs and only seven yards later, it didn’t really matter anyway as the punt unit came out to get rid of the ball.  Mindful of the way networks loved to capture sideline drama, Steve calmly traded his helmet for the tablet Danvers was holding out to him.
“You’re fine, so I’m fine.”  Sam reached out and smacked Steve’s knee.  “But next time you’re gonna spend the night someplace else, just
Steve rose to walk her to the door.  A thought occurred to him right as she stepped out into the hall.  “Just one thing, Nat?”
“Has anyone ever told you you’re the perfect all-American throwback?  I feel like someone should follow you around whistling the Andy Griffith theme song.”
Fitz shook his head then started peeling the tape off his leg.  Their time in the locker room was almost up.  “You’ve got a head for this game.”  He slapped Steve’s shoulder pad.  “You’ll make somebody a great franchise quarterback.”
Thank you, thank you, THANK YOU for all your kind comments and kudos.  I'm always so excited to share with y'all, and your kind words are just the icing on that cake.
Steve nodded.  “I’ll leave a desk lamp on so it doesn’t scare the bejesus out of whoever gets up first.”
“God, just dress yourself,” he muttered as he grabbed the pair of jeans he’d left flung over the back of a chair and fished a grey t-shirt out of a drawer.
“Okay,” she muttered, clearly not okay.  She turned the pages towards him with a small, genuine smile.  “Time for ink and promises.”
“What--what do you mean?” Steve pulled his legs up into the chair, making himself unreachable to Bucky’s flailing hand.
Bucky jiggled his shoulders in a loose shrug.  “Comes with the job,” he huffed.  “Ya get used to it.”
to be in the city till the end of June, but it’s worth thinking about now, you know?  I’ll have Pep’s secretary Lorraine get you the contacts for the current roster. She’s--”
Natasha stayed silent long enough that Steve actually took the phone away from his ear to see if the call was still connected.  “Well...it’s…” it was Natasha’s turn to take a deep breath. “A team won’t ever tell you you
She came at him wielding a half-empty tube of Aquaphor, dabbed a bit onto the fresh work, then taped down a stretch of plastic wrap over it.  “Good.  Now, shirt off and lay back,” she ordered.
“Get dressed, you dork,” Sham chided him.  “I’m hungry and the longer you stand there staring at your phone, the longer I have to wait to eat.”
He leaned down just that little bit and kissed Tony, letting himself linger and enjoy the way Tony tended to smile when Steve would kiss him.  When the elevator doors opened with a soft ding, Steve pulled back and licked his lips, chasing the last hint of their kiss.  “Have a good night.”
She shrugged.  “Nothing for sure.  But think about who you spent serious time with at your pro day, and I bet even you have some pet theories.”
I (Tony, but whatever) stole Romeo Crennel from the Houston Texans.  Why, because I love the way he glares at his players over his little readers.
Steve laughed as he felt a blush heat his face.  “It was the first birthday present I ever bought my ma with my own money.  I thought it was the coolest thing, being able to turn your lights on all at once like that.”
Steve fixed him with an exaggeratedly serious face and scowled at them the way Luke Cage, the strength and conditioning coach, had been.  “Why, Sam, we’re Avengers.”
Once they’d hauled everything down and shoved it in the cargo area of Bucky’s SUV, he turned to Steve.  “You got any allergies or dietary restrictions?”
“Rogers!” Fury motioned him over to where he’d circled up the rest of the offense.  The medical team had given up on getting Fitz to his feet and had started working to strap him into an air cast to immobilize his whole leg.
Bucky nodded over to the far sideline where Tony stood conversing with an older gentleman in a three-piece suit.  Tony looked like he’d come straight from his workshop, eminently casual, and touchable, in black work pants and tennis shoes he’d only bothered to lace most of the way, but he’d traded out his normal vintage band shirt in favor of Steve’s jersey.  While Steve stood and stared at Tony wearing something Steve had bought specifically for him, he couldn’t help the flush of
Steve looked back into the house with a helpless shrug.  “I’m not honestly sure. And anyway, I don’t want you to give up your last Saturday before OTAs helping me with housework.  I can take care of this on my own.”
“Now you tell me something,” Tony straightened up and drummed his fingers idly against the pacemaker where it sat under his...Steve’s...shirt.
“Plus, there’s more of an expectation of stand-up behavior here than in college,” Fitz had followed Clint’s daughter over and taken up a spot leaning against the back of Clint’s chair.  “You’re all out there to get paid.  Unless you’re a raging bag of dicks--”
Steve turned around and nodded.  “I’m good for a while.”  Tony slithered up under his arm, making Steve smile down at him.  “You built all this?” he asked.
AN: Let’s be honest, the NFL Combine is a giant meat market, and the fact that it’s a televised circus only adds to that.  Also please enjoy some handwaving with your Combine experience.  Everything I know about the actual process comes from a football coach friend of mine, vaguely listening to analysts talk it to death on SportsCenter, and seeing snippets of it out of context.
“Steve, uh, Steve Rogers,” Steve stammered, before immediately cursing himself.  She clearly knew who he was. Rece Davis and Lee Courso mentioned him every Saturday afternoon anyway, so anyone with a TV and basic awareness of college football probably knew who he was.
Back at the house, Tony led the way into the house, then started dragging Steve up the stairs by his belt buckle before he could turn any downstairs lights on.  “Can I guess what the chest piece is?”
Friends, this story would be a hot ass mess without Betheflame and Kestrel337.  I'm thankful for them every single day.
“Well, be careful.  And text me when you get home,” Tony insisted over the soft rush of the elevator coming closer.
“Thanks J.  Send him up.”  Tony sat up, still straddling Steve’s legs.  “Dinner’s here.  Let me go grab it.”  He got up, but turned back at the door.  “Don’t freak out on me, okay?”
Steve started cross hatching a sphere on the bottom corner of his page to keep his hand from shaking, deliberately averting his gaze when Hill asked if there were any questions for her or Sharon.
Rollins came over and clapped Steve on the shoulder.  “I’m real sorry Fitz got hurt.  Tell him for me, would ya?”
Since Heimdall doesn't have a first name...because when you're the all-seeing keeper of the Bifrost, how many Heimdalls could there possibly be, right, I dug back into my Old English materials from grad school and found the appellation for Heimdall that sounded the most like a modern first name and went with that.
“Coach’ll help her out,” Dallas murmured back.  “He wouldn’t let a lady struggle.” He took his hat off and held it over his heart.  “Now, ma’am, if you’ll just allow me,” he rumbled in a passable imitation of their indomitable coach.
The NFL, in a move I really think is neat, are HUGE advocates of youth health and fitness.  When I was just a wee Longhorn, the Presidential Fitness Test and climbing the goddamn gym class rope was Peak Gym Class, and since my gym teacher in elementary framed those both as exams, they were both things to be dreaded.  The NFL’s Play 60 campaign, which still exists in some form or fashion, is all about fitness through play.  Which, let’s be real, if I ask you if you’d rather run and play outside for an hour or do a series of fitness tests, which the fuck are you gonna pick?!
Steve trotted over to the sideline with the rest of the offense as the ref announced the Tigers calling their last timeout.  He glanced up at the clock; a minute and a half meant they really did need this first down.
Tony’s whole face lit up with his answering smile.  “Yeah, you know what I like.  Just double it.  Thank you, Miss Almendarez.”
Bucky shook the chair, sending Steve waggling weirdly back and forth.  “You--you’re…” his voice dropped to a whisper “are you
Sharon looked up from her laptop and smiled warmly at Steve.  “Mr. Rogers.  Please, come have a seat.  How has your first week been?”
Jamaal, Steve’s favorite running back, caught his eye across the huddle and pursed his lips in an exaggerated kiss.  Steve choked on the drink of water he’d just taken as he started laughing.
Again, the Nacho Cheese playlist is a real thing.  It’s, according to my work bestie, “all those songs you know and love, but don’t wanna admit you know or love.”  He’s right.  Every single one’s simultaneously a banger and a disaster.
alone, but the worst, the absolute hardest thing, was hoisting that trophy and knowing she wouldn’t see me and getting my ring and having no one to show it to.”
“Thor.  It is a pleasure to meet you, Sam, Scott, Steve.”  He nodded to each of them before digging into his food.
“Safe is good,” he agreed.  He finally got an idea, switched colors and started drawing out actions and reactions after the snap, making notes in the playbook as he went.  Behind him, he heard Tony boot up his computer.
Bucky rolled his eyes and shook his head as the rest of his friends spread out into the first floor rooms.  “Sure you
Steve stared down at the tablet in his hands, willing the blush he could feel creeping up his cheeks to fade.  “That’s--that is nice.”
“BYOB.  I ain’t runnin’ down ten different kinds’a suds for you punks.”  He slid his sunglasses back on and stood up.  “I better get back.  Part of the draw is that the Avengers star cornerback might help you adopt your dog.”
Instead of launching straight into her spiel, she spent a moment at the computer consulting with Pietro while he was pulling up a slideshow for her.  Once he got it started, she turned the full force of her gaze on them. “My name is Maria Hill, and I’m the director of pro personnel. We’re going to spend a good bit of time together during the next ten days because as new NFL players, I’m legally obligated to inform you of your rights, responsibilities, and the best practices as a salaried member of the NFL Player’s Association.  We’re going to touch broadly on those things today, but we’ll go into extensive detail over the coming two weeks.”
“Rogers, get your head in it,” Coach Jones snapped when Steve bobbled a ball one of the ball boys tossed back to him.
Friday mid-afternoon found Steve coming in off the field from doing agility drills with Cage and heading to the media relations suite, looking for the conference room Sharon Carter had put on his schedule.  She’d been interviewing everyone over the course of the week, and the blessing of being the only quarterback meant he got to go last.  The curse, of course, was that he had to face her by himself.
Once Steve had answered, she fixed him with a stare an awful lot like her look from Monday.  “Also, it is important that you know the Avengers organization has a zero tolerance policy for domestic violence.  There’s a clause in your contract, and if you violate it, you will be cut.  Not traded.  Cut.”
“Okay.”  Bucky nodded, even though he didn’t look convinced.  With a final pat, he turned to go, but stopped in the doorway.  “I’ll bring you and that new wide receiver dinner sometime here in the next coupla weeks.  You’ll probably need it.”
Sam’s look only intensified; he was still clearly unimpressed by some part of that idea.  “If you think that’s the best use of your voice.”
“I--this one, I guess,” he gestured halfheartedly at the master.  Inside, the boxes of shoes and clothes stacked neatly against the far wall of the bedroom each labelled DONATE or RECYCLE made Steve scowl, dreading the conversation he could feel coming.
Your kind words and kudos have meant so much to me.  I'm so glad this little AU of mine is something y'all are enjoying. :)
Cynthia dodged forward and squeezed his bicep.  “Thank you. You’re a sweetheart. Your mama must be so proud.”
Instead of answering, Steve leaned in and closed the distance between them this time.  He turned his body in towards Tony as he kissed him, and sighed when Tony melted against him.
“Well, football’s a team sport, after all,” Steve answered, running a hand through his sweaty hair in an effort to bring some sort of order to whatever was going on up there and, he hoped, hide the overwhelming urge to roll his eyes.  “We’re all out here playing for each other every down and every play. The personal accolades are nice, but they’re not the be all, you know?” He shrugged and smiled. “At the end of the day, when we play together, we win together.”
