That was it, Cas scream as he realised himself on his hands breaking a moan at the end, he panted exhausted. He was blushing limb to limb, coming down from his high. He rinse himself clean on Dean's command, before turning off the water.
Hey my lovely unicorns, I am back from not so popular demand😌
Sam is about to reply when the Beta beside him cuts him off with a snarl "See this is why we shouldn't bring him with us. This omega is gonna ruin everything for us."
Shaking his head he again turned to the mirror, feeling confident this time. He looked gorgeous, the robes had spaghetti straps and were backless showing his sun-kissed skin in a good manner. The crown his father presented him when he was born atop his head, had a set of wings on adjacent sides. The gems complimented his dark hair, there was a rumour around the tiara, whoever wore it held a big resemblance to the Angel of Tears.
Cas looked down, where his body was aligned to Dean's. He arched his neck when Dean palmed his rear, squeezing it "Gorgeous." The Alpha growled as Cas squeezed his hands into the meat of Dean's shoulder, he has never been touched their.
"WHERE IS MY BROTHER?"
He feels panic rise in him and looks around for his phone. He looks at the side table over his shoulder where a glass of water is set for him. He throws off the bedsheets and pillows, his phone is not even there. Suddenly he is hit with a spell of dizziness, he holds his head in his hands to stop the hammering.
Cas shrinks on himself when Dean turns to him with a dark frown for even saying that "Well....you see...I have to take a bath too and I can't with you in the same room as me so... Can you leave?" When he sees Dean giving no signs of getting up, he asks politely "Please?"
Dean wraps his hand on Cas' cock to help him with orgasm. A heat pools inside his stomach as ribbons of cum spread inside Cas' puckered hole, some streaming out of the hole.
Cas winces, reality heating him hard that he has actually submitted to Dean. He gasps and tries to move away but Dean has him caged with his fibrous body. Cas sniffled, arching his back but it only makes him envision that Dean is carrying a boner. He swallows the lump in his throat and chokes out croakily "De-ean, please.... don't."
She stopped and wiped her cheeks with sleeve of her jacket making Gabe and Crowley grimace, but Cas didn't even blink. He took out tissues and wipe crumbs from her face, he giggled when she tried to act tough flapping him away as he said "You're like Dean.."
The blue eyed man felt his body heat up when Dean baracated him between himself and the table with both of his hands on either sides of Cas's waist as he breathed smugly "Then what it is like, Cas?"
And don't forget to give your opinions on this one. 🥰😊❤
Gabriel snorts and wipes tears from Cas's cheek that he did not have fallen "Look at you, still caring about that little brat. She's with Crowley."
Their eyes lock into each other. Before second thought, Dean leans down and presses his lips onto Cas. Case hands move around Dean's neck, he feels it's better than the abominations kiss, it's not forced, there's a choice to pull away.
Cas rolls his eyes fondly "Lucifer says that louder and I'm sure the whole hotel might hear it."
him, I don't even want to be here."
Cas stripped of his clothes, he knows Dean's eyes were on him watching him with a desire. The omega has never felt like this but tonight he's over it, he wants to be touched, kissed, fucked and so much more. It has been 9 weeks since he was brought here, he was getting antsy looking at Dean.
Cas eyes go wide-eyed, as he blinks at Dean who is blooming with glee then back at food in his hands. He puts the burger down picking the soda, he chews on the burger keeping his gaze turned away from Dean, cursing himself for not keeping his mouth shut.
The woman, Rowena asks him in British tongue smiling too cheerfully at someone who has been abducted. He knows she's a Beta, Cas looks at Rowena in an uncertain gaze because Dean never mentioned her so maybe he can try to ask her for help
Just then there was a loud sound of drumming and chanting but it seemed off Balthazar never came like this. It seemed like Michael had also noticed this, his brother in law saunters up to the door peeking his head out to ask about what's happening? But the hallways were void of anyone.
He stalks up to the angel, cornering him against the dressing table. Cas looks at Dean wide-eyed. "It is my business, your safety is my business. Being a bait, dancing in front of a bunch of horny men who can get aggressive and hurt you. You are my business because...I care about you Cas." His eyes soften as he cups Cas's cheeks making the angel look at him.
When he is walking towards the next room, he is stopped by Sam "Dean, Jo got all of Castiel's belongings from the hotel."
Cas just hummed absentmindedly before slipping from Dean's death grip and going back towards the bar. He looked at Dean over his shoulder to see the green eyes boring into him in a predatory way, so he just smirked and turned to go downstairs swinging his ass flirtatiously.
When Dean sees the empty seat beside him, he growls lowly "Well you really suck at goodbyes, you know that."
So instead of that he slides to his phone camera like some stalker, and leans forward, the seatbelt hugging his chest. At the perfect angle, Cas turns around towards him the blue eyes shining with his hair blowing from the air ventilation. Cas looks back just as the click of camera goes off, making him very annoyed. Dean looks at him smiling and clicks the camera button again for Castiel's adorable angry look.
He registered it when the song ended and everybody clapped around him, jerking him upright from his dream concert. He was red with embarrassment but when he looked at Dean's intense fond eyes it didn't matter.
"Dean I forgive you." Dean smiles and holds the hand as he pecks the fingertip before he leans down and pecks his Angel's forehead. "Cas, bond or not. I love you." Dean says truthfully looking at Castiel's eyes.
Cas responded picking one of the objects off the rack and observing it "That's what I said." He looked at the big cuboidal object perplexed. He had some knowledge about machineries though he chooses to avoid them, they are untrustworthy. But this is something he has never saw in his life.
"Tell me this young man. Why should I? Many other companies are offering me better deals than yours and if I am correct your company are not very open to omega rights although....I'm sensing your an
He looks down blushing embarrassed, legs still around Dean's waist, skirt hoisted up with one of his shoulder strap falling. He doesn't know if he should cry or shout.
He flails trying to scratch at the Alpha's face or anywhere. But Dean grips his hair, pulling his head back to the wall. The captor pants on top of Cas' mouth, hovering just above it with lips so close that they could have kissed. Cas looks at the man through lidded eyes, he doesn't have much power left to fight. Just then, he feels something poking at his thigh.
"Keep an eye on him." Dean gestured his friends towards the barn where Cas has vanished too. He had a doubt that the blue-eyed omega was planning something.
Cas puts his foot down on the cold tile still sitting as he says "You were with 'clients' all night and even morning?"
Dean let the burning sensation down in his throat and closed his eyes for a brief moment, he was back again to the day he lost his father. But instead of pain he felt warm as blue eyes looked at him.
Gordon and Cole were tracking the leader to find about the supplier and under Dean's strict instructions to bring the Honcho to him, so he can deal with the slimy son of a bitch himself.
He gasps when he feels a breath on the back of his neck "Do you want to touch it?" Oh yes, Cas does want to touch it, he holds back a whine when Dean's cock comes in contact with his ass crack. His hand itches to touch his cock, but he doesn't. He perceives that Dean wants to show how much he is affecting Cas but the omega's not going to back down.
He looked away breathing in and out before pulling his brother beside him with an arm around his shoulder, Gabr sniffed but complied cuddling to his brother's chest "I'm...sorry, I shouldn't have screamed at you. But you know what Dad said, you know what Winchesters did...and you are still taking their side...it just-"
The big man frowned but didn't say anything just offered him a glass of water "You should drink, you have been dehydrated."
then you need to stand up for yourself, run away. Fight for your freedo-Stop copying me."
Dean breathed out wrapping Cas tightly in his embrace as he said "For what you did in the morning, you didn't think I'm just gonna let it go, did you angel?"
Cas gives Dean's tip a kitten lick and puts his mouth around the head, his cheeks buldge out from the size. Cas moans and takes Dean's whole cock coughing a little. He moans and bobs his head slowly.
He replied as tears staked his cheeks "You are wrong, he loved us, he cared for us. He loved
"Cas, you have no idea what you're doing to me," Dean croaks out, his head on Cas's shoulder, cock tenting his pants. His eyes raise to look at Cas whose face is arched upwards with a pleasured look. Mouth open wide and lips red from biting too harshly, Dean wants those lips stretched on his cock.
When the bath was ready Dean unsheded the robe off Cas and put him inside the marble tub, carefully. The omega winced and arched at the sudden drop in temperature, he looked at Dean with downcasted eyes.
When Dean looks back at him, he gulps thinking that maybe the mobster is probably going to throw him out of the plane for hitting him but to his surprise, the boss laughs.
He squeaks when Dean comes at him again, his arm barricading Cas hip, fingertips barely touching his. Cas gazes at the Alpha with wide blue eyes not understanding the smug look plastered on the handsome face. "Sorry, can't do that."
"Benny" Dean gritted through his teeth, the calmness in his Alpha tone scared Cas more than his anger. There was so much power radiating from Dean that it easily bends the guests to their knees.
He sees a man with black hair stretching his arms upwards, wading through the in and out waves. Dean gulps licking his lips as he gazes at the sun-kissed skin of the man, his eyes roam around the guy's bubble butt sticking to the sky blue beach jump suit he's wearing, omega. Dean feels the blood rush downward when he imagines the omega on top of him riding his Alpha length like a pro. Eventhough it's hard Dean tilts the Binoculars to get a glimpse at the beautiful face attached to the glorious body.
Cas couldn't believe it, it was this easy to get away from the Dean's clutches. He felt like he was on top the world, he got out of Dean's hostage. Knight of Hell, his foot, Cas scoffed as he skidded towards the woods.
He never thought that it would be smashed under Dean's boot like nothing, that man was now going to marry him too as if taking him away from his home wasn't enough. Last night he slept as far away from Dean as possible, pondering the words.
idea about privacy. Going through someone's bag, looking through it without permission."
"Well he didn't." Dean raised his voice, he knows his family are not happy about what he is doing but he has found his love after so much probing and prodding, he can't let Cas get away from him again. "Bobby, this is not up for discussion. And from what I know, didn't Crowley cut your ear when you were still in dating season"
At the end, he just did that with his feet thumping it lightly over the door. "Come in." Dean's gruff voice came from the other side, with a final in and out breath Cas elbow the handle pushing inside.
" He growled loudly, feeling the power rise in him when the man looked about to piss his pants.
"Are you lost, Kitten?" Dean said in fake innocent worry. Cas looks down wanting to shrink into a ball as Dean takes authorized steps towards him. He says chuckling "Those aren't best shoes for running Cas."
will." Cas declared his head held help up high, he won't give himself off to such people. Never. He was a proud omega and they never roll over for Alpha pricks like one in front of him.
He stops to let his brother-in-law catch up with him, he smiles as the bees and butterflies attach themselves to his hair. Sam huffs at being left behind but when he sees Cas giggling and playing with the animals, a look of awe and happiness in his adorable face, he stops his nagging.
Dean was at the head of the table, an empty seat beside him and a grumpy looking old man opposite to it, Crowley was beside the old man. Opposite of him was Sam, beside him was Jo and opposite of her was Rowena. There was a grave animosity in the air and Cas felt
Dean looked down at his leather shoes before he pulled away from Bobby's grip, anger flaring in his eyes. "I can't Bobby. He stays
"Come on Cas, put the sword down. It's not a thing to play with sweetheart." The blonde Alpha directed making Cas scrunch his shoulders outwards to make himself look bigger but it was obvious that the Alpha held more power than him.
He exhales when there's no annoying creak this time. And walks out the door proudly before scooting back down. He takes steps down the stairs, his bare feet hitting the tiles, he takes different direction because last time got so amazing for him.
After sending his brother on the mission, Dean directed his attention to other files. Gordon has contacted him about the newest drug cartel growing from Manning, Colarado. They were drugging innocent kids, some off them weren't even eighteen.
His breath stutters when Dean pulls the curtains around them. Looking at the Alpha now shivers run down his spine when the Alpha takes powerful steps towards him. Cas curses his tongue which is surely going to get him killed. He worries his lip and looks up at Dean who is in front of him looking at him with a dominating look.
He looks at Dean who sits up and says confidently "You'll change your mind." Cas stares at the person in front of him in utter annoyance, rolling his eyes inwardly thinking that someone forgot to teach Dean the meaning of 'No'. "You just have to help me with something here."
Finally letting go of the two, Rowena said
inside you, my lips touching every inch of your body making you mine, only
Bobby makes a shushing motion as he grumbles " We don't act on impulse, idjit." Sam purses his lips giving Bobby his bitchface. Even after all this years, still Bobby and Crowley treats him like a petulant child, and he is not the only one Dean has the same condition, both siblings are happy that they have their family but seriously its annoying. He huffs and looks towards where Dean stands up from the bed after resting.
Cas lays in bed catching his breath while Dean comes from the bathroom with a cloth. Cas smiles and blushes at the caring show of Dean Winchester. After cleaning it off Dean puts on a pair of boxers and offers his AC/DC shirt to Cas with some boxers.
Oh my, so what will Dean do? Will he force Cas to do the dirty? Or will Cas somehow save himself?
He did it.
Just then Zach comes strolling in, dumping his bag on a chair "Hey baby." And suddenly Cas feels all the confidence leave him. Zach leans in and goes for a kiss but Cas turns his head away but it seems the guy was not getting the hint since he starts pecking his cheeks. He frowns when he smell,s some underlying scent of Jasmine, it's definitely not his scent and Zach doesn't use something like that too.
Cas tied his robe with wobbly hands and headed next door, he had close encounters with passing out in the floor as he reached the room limping. Knocking on the door, he leaned on the wall there was only was one person who can help him.
The younger one of them shrugs "Don't know. I just joined, you should have better knowledge than me?"
"Hey, Castiel. So listen there's a guy named Benny in front of me asking for your hard drive...but seriously I'm only getting murderer vibes from him." Cas snorted on the drop of tone in her voice. Of course Benny was a little scary to look at but was just a teddy bear otherwise.
He arched his back gasping, as a string arousal burned through his veins flushing up his body head to toe. Shivering, Cas thrashed in bed in his state of perplexity, his stomach in knots. His heat meds have still not come and after not evolving for so long, it is going to be painful for him. He had only one choice now.
Balthazar strolled towards hands inside his pocket and looked at him with a calculating frown "Something's different about you, Cassie?"
Rolling his eyes he looks back at the Alpha, he knew how much Dean is possessive over him and hates it when Cas stretches his limit. He shrugged his shoulders, uncaring, and opened the door climbing inside.
After the meal, Cas opened his trunk to get changed into something comfortable. He was still in his torn-up bloodied clothes, as he was looking inside the trunk his hand bumped into something hard and metallic. Digging in more he took it out to see it was a family dagger, maybe Gabriel had it slipped when nobody was looking.
Raphael didn't even blink his eyes when he said "Cuz it's what I want."
Putting a hand over his mouth, Cas tried stopped the bile rising in his throat. He breathed through his nose at the overwhelming terrifying pictures littering his mind. "When Dean found about it, he was burning with rage and thrust for Roman's blood. He thrusted the rod through Dick's windpipe without even a flinch and I watched him to do this, when it was all over i felt... pleased... relived."
As if he had a radar, Dean's eyes snapped up to Cas narrowing at the omega who was busy laughing with the twins.
".....birthday to you." He finishes, a round of applause echoes as Cas kisses his boyfriend's lips murmuring a sweet thank you. He knew that a vacation will be good for them.
Cas laughed with Dean watching as the blonde girl and the burly man gagged staring at Sam's vegetable who chewed on the veggies with no problem, baring his teeth at everyone. "Jo is like our sister, she is Ellen's daughter. Benny became my friend when we met at the arena, you...will not remember."
Crowley stumbling stood up and lit the body in fire, "Bastard." When both angel and demon walked in the barn again they were faced with grief in the air, the angel and little girl clutching onto each other facing Amelia limp body.
His lips part letting out a choked sound when Dean nibbles his ear and pinches his tit at the same time, pulling at it. His length starts filling up when Dean's thumb flick to play more with the hard nube.
Puzzled he goes to check, what is making them all so happy. His eyes widen as his mouth falls open, breaking another round of laughs from around him. There is a bible sitting just beside the......... sex toys, things are turning things
He is cut off when his brother pats his shoulder while chuckling "Dean I promise, we are not."
It was a beautiful mare with a long black Crest, bulged out shoulder and was looking at him with her wide black eyes. The omega steeped towards the mare his hand held out and put it over the black beauty's head. The horse huffed deflating to Cas's soft touch.
######################
Both the twins backed up with a smirk and mock bows to not interfere probably going back to where the rest of the Hunters were. He leaned on the railing waiting to be captured by
The Alpha looked like a self sacrificing person. Cas wanted to shut down all the gates to his heart for Dean but the hunter's leader just kept knocking it over like nothing. He wished Dean was a evildoer, it would've made things so easy. He attention went back to Charlie when stood up wiping her eyes and said cheerfully "Enough of the sad talk, we need to finish season of GOT also. Come on
The woman says shocked "Does she know you dress like a faggot and stroll around mall like this?"
Dean's lip tick upwards and he lets out a huff of a laugh "No, they're clean if that's what you're asking. Even by having affiliation with people like me, they're something that our country really needs. Involved in charity works, funding for children's education, helping homeless off the streets with their programs."
He feels like a child, when Bobby glares at him. "You bet your ass boy somethings nagging me. What happened to you Dean?"
He breaths out and takes calculating steps towards his baby sister and commands "You are not allowed to threaten Cas, If you so much as lay a hand on him again. You will be facing me Joanna, and because of your conflict, you are to stay on the jet when we land, you will not come with us to the meeting. Cas is afraid of you and I don't want your presence near him."
Dean resists the yearn to chuckle at Cas' adorable scrambling but still his lips twitch a little, Cas huffs and stands infront the Alpha declaring "I'm not flying anywhere unless its Boston."
She had a Bob cut coffee brown hair and sweetheart face, Cas breathed in her scent of alcohol, cigarettes which he shouldn't have done because it made him want to puke. Underneath those smells, she smelled like a Beta. Cas tilted his head confused at her mentioning him "You know about me?"
Dean gets out of his pants, before settling back to his place. Cas looks at Dean's cock wide-eyed, says looking into Dean's eyes which are blown only showing a ring of green around them "Dean, be gentle please." Dean runs his palm soothingly on Angel's cheek "Don't worry, I will take good care of you angel."
When he came back, he has to hurry to the tub to stop Cas from falling who has decided not to wait for his Alpha and started standing in his dazed state. Dean grumbled, "Didn't I tell you to stay put?"
Michael perks up at that, nobody gets to ditch his brother "Castiel, it's your birthday. That rotten tomato."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Or we could simply kidnap the first person he sees while dying" Jo contributed glaring at Cas, who squeezed himself uncomfortably at the sudden attention, the silence has set around the table .
The girl said, smiling and it was pleasant enough that Cas choose to go with his instincts as he nodded "Um, thank you" He turned to the guy who looked younger than him but smiled flirtatiously taking Cas's hand and placing a kiss on the back of it.
Picking it up he whistled, Louise Vouton. He melted at the scent of utterly Dean on the shirt after yesterday he felt surprisingly more comfy at having some kind of Alpha's presence with him.
His husband nods, Cas feels the passion spread through him when he sees his husband's back, his eyes no longer angry they are green just like the grass and trees Cas nurtured.
"Come on baby, take me to my angel." He starts the car and steps on the accelerator. He looks for the creepy empty houses, barns, or anything straight out of Conjuring.
When I wrote this fanfic I was not decided on anything, my main goal was about Cas finding out about his life but then as I just started writing more I realised that I also want a character development for Dean.
As slowly as possible, the omega started backing up. Forget dinner, he can stay hungry for one night and if he locked the door he can even escape from Dean's anger. He was about to run off when a hand came on his shoulder "Dining table is that way buddy."
So far he only knows that the Alpha is mated and has his husband, nothing much Lucifer has protected himself well but there is nothing Dean's team can't find.
***********************
When they get back to the Villa, Crowley's with them frowning at the angel sprawled on the couch in white undershirt, heart shaped boxers and socks drooling. "Wow, he seems happy."
Dean looks at him, his green eyes turned down "I'm not the monster you think I am Cas."
"Yeah" Dean repeated but slightly more breathy.
"Pinch your nipples, get them wet
He flushed at the compliment and also at the fact how easily Rowena understood that he was trying to please the Alpha.
Cas stares at the screen wide-eyed, as the woman starts talking happily "Hey, Cas this is Charlie, though I can't see you I know we're gonna be besties, drink champagne, larping, talk about fashion... Which is off-topic sorry, all I want to say is I've disabled your location on both your phone and laptop, Safety measures sorry about that. Peace out."
Dean let out a chuckle at the act but it saddened when he thought how this Cas was only seeing him as an Alpha, not as
He replied loudly as tears coiled around his eyes "No, you're a Barbarian. I'm not going anywhere with you." He stepped back when Dean crept towards him with a look of despair that just addled Cas more.
Gabriel opened the lock with a safety pin, well he is the trickster. And he has taught those tricks to Cas himself. Cas roams around the room rummaging through blankets, sheets for some pins. He tries to pry open the cupboards but those are locked also.
What do you think, my unicorns? Tell me in the comment section below. Love ya😘😘
eyes Dean directs at him, he had. "Really?"
green. Lips bitten dark already and it took every ounce of effort he had to guide Dean up off of his lap.
Dean leans forward and latches his mouth onto the spot just under Castiel’s ear, wants to make him feel good, and as he sucks and licks there, Castiel’s breathing goes desperate and shallow, whines and tight little whimpers push out of his mouth on every breath. Just as Dean’s teeth graze his skin, Castiel goes still. A low groan of Dean’s name rumbles out of his chest as he spills sticky and hot over Dean’s hand.
there.
Under his chin, Cas’s curled fingers pushed up until Dean met his gaze again. “Trust me, Dean, I want you just as much. In every way imaginable, I want you. There’s nothing to be shy about. I want to know everything you want, and I want to give it to you. I couldn’t be more completely yours. So trust that I love you too.”
“Nothin’,” Dean said with a smile so warm that Cas practically tasted the sunshine in it. “You just got quiet.”
“Yeah, I … fuck, Cas. I've been good.” Dean arches into Cas's palms, and fuck, it's gotta be close to time now.
Cas doesn't really bother to move when Dean grabs his own t-shirt off the floor and cleans them up. He looks like he could happily sleep that way, and Dean knows Cas has slept in weirder positions, but he's not gonna let his husband wake up with a crick in his neck and a cramping calf if he can help it.
Warmth suffuses Cas's chest, and he can't resist kissing Dean one more time, slow and deep, with so many emotions coiling in his chest, the gold of his ring scraping over Dean's stubble. “Ugh,” he mumbles, leaning away so that he can look into Dean's eyes. “You better go before I drag you right back upstairs.”
for us. There's nothing you could do to deserve my love, Dean, because it's not about deserving it or not. My love for you is just a fact of life. My heart beats, and I love you. That's just how it is.”
Blowing out a sigh, Castiel loses himself in his recollections, his apprenticeship with Bobby, the day Dean had picked him up after work and surprised him with a drive to the country to sit out on the hood of his car and look up at the stars—and how when he'd looked back down there'd been a ring box in Dean's slightly shaky hands.
Instead of lying face down across his bed in his pathetically empty apartment, wallowing in self-pity, he could’ve been celebrating the fact that Dean Winchester had kissed him for the first time. That his
After that it's all blank until now. There's morning dew clinging to his face and eyelashes, so he's probably been here overnight. But where the hell is here?
The thought struck Dean out of nowhere, and fucking shit. Why didn’t he ask that before he paraded around half-naked, trying to seduce the guy? Just because Cas didn’t have a ring on, didn’t mean he wasn’t spoken for.
Every crack of leather forced out grunts that Dean couldn’t hold back. He was lost in sensation, whole body humming. Long seconds—minutes?—passed where Dean’s mind went blissfully blank, pain and pleasure mingling in an intoxicating cocktail that left him breathless.
Dean shivered, anticipation plain as day on his face and in the bead of precome that dripped down his cock. Everything about Dean got Cas hard, but that sexy eagerness in his eyes, in the rapid rise and fall of his chest and the way he not only seemed to naturally obey, but clearly relished it—fuck. Cas was beyond screwed, because he already never wanted this to end.
There's nothing but static, and then there's that. It's dark, like he's looking at fuzzy black on a crappy old TV. He can feel something pushing on his consciousness, pushing him back down and urging him once more into unawareness. It's heavy and he succumbs.
Habitually, Dean forced a smile onto his face, “Thanks, Mom.”
In a wild somersault, Cas's stomach swoops. Dean starts to pull away, but Cas chases after him and seals their mouths again. Firmer. Against his lips, Dean sighs a shaky breath and he says, “Just as good as I thought it'd be.”
As soon as they stepped inside any vague plans Dean’d had that he was gonna use his powers and save Sam flew right out the window. All over the walls,there was strange warding. His powers locked up tight in his chest and the harder he tried to pull at it, the tighter it compressed. What the hell was happening?
“I can—yeah, yes. You just…” Dean climbed to his feet and stepped back giving Cas room. He yanked his shirt over his head as he watched Cas leave the room, and his heart fluttered with the slightest anxiety as he peeled off his too short shorts, and peered down at his hard cock barely restrained by black lace. Fuck, it felt good. The soft-rough material cradling him, stretching to contain him. Dean loved it, and he was pretty sure Cas thought it was hot too, but there was always the chance…
One finger pressed blessedly in and Dean sighed his relief. There was a slight burn that took him a second to adjust to, different, a little weird at first, but he liked it. Not long after, one finger became two, and the slick slide, the stretch of it made Dean’s toes curl, kept him drunk on the feeling of Cas
anything. He said bye to Mom as politely as he could manage and beat a hasty retreat out the door.
“Okay,” Dean said, no hesitation. He might not have other plans for the future yet, but that? That he wanted.
Sweat glistened on their skin, they slid together slickly, bodies joining again and again in a rhythm that made Cas gasp for air, pleasure building and resonating in every part of him.
“Only because it
There was a steady trickle of people headed in through the front doors as Dean locked up the Impala and he slipped easily among them once he was done. He made sure to avoid jostling anyone as he walked over to his locker and pressed his palm to the cool metal of it in one of his morning rituals. The smooth locker door beneath his palm grounded him as he released some of the tension that being in a crowd usually brought out in him.
A pleased glow radiated in Cas’s chest. He tangled his fingers with Dean’s, trying to keep the smile on his face from looking too stupid. It was probably a spectacular failure, but Dean wasn’t looking anyway. His green eyes were focused on their intertwined hands.
Dean's hands fisted in the sheets. “Yeah, God, fuck.”
“We could skip instead of you rushing,” Cas offered. He hoped Dean would say yes even though he knew he probably wouldn't.
Cas rubbed at the water on his face. He couldn't just leave this kid out here defenseless no matter how little he wanted to interact with people. He sighed. “I'm Cas.”
The funeral home was just depressing. Dean figured they probably all were, with their overly manicured bushes and meticulously organized too-bright flowers. The scent of odor neutralizer thick in the air to cover up the smell of too much grief packed into small rooms. As if they were trying way too hard to seem like they weren't one of the crappiest places on earth to have to be.
Dean smirked. “Am I gonna find anything weird under your bed?”
“Yeah, fuck.
“Um. Thanks.”
“I see them. We're going to catch up to the others and warn them. We're going to do it normally. They're working together, we need to as well.” They were outnumbered. Perhaps if they could reach the next house, they could make a stand and defend it, but out here, exposed… their odds were poor.
Baby was probably just as tired as he was after following him around all day, and she loved Sam almost as much as she loved Dean. With what Dean could only translate as the dragon equivalent of a weary sigh she took to the air and flew down the path ahead of him.
He’d been out here for at least an hour already, no sign of the shadowlight. An owl hooted to his left, startling him, and Dean’s hand clutched his chest as he tried to keep his rapid breathing quiet.
Dean poured and they both drank it down with barely a wince at the bite. Like a bandaid, he tried to tell himself as he reached for his letter. Just open it. His stomach twisted up, and his fingers trembled as he slipped the letter out. He heard Sam doing the same, but he didn’t look up. Yellowed paper, rich dark cramped letters. He licked his dry lips and had to make himself focus to read it.
Cas shrugged one shoulder. “I just really like you sometimes.”
“'F that's what you want, that's fine by me. At least let us give you a good time before you go,” he added playfully.
Fuck, fuck, fuck. Dean's cheeks flamed and his stomach twisted in the hottest way. How had Cas pegged him so fast? “Please put your hand on my damn cock, Cas,” Dean tried, unable to help the bratty edge in his voice.
As he blinked all the way awake and hit the off button on his alarm, Dean groaned. Eighteen wasn't so old, but eighteen was scary. It meant you woke up with a name, the most important one you'd ever learn according to every single fae ever. Every fae but Dean; he didn't
“What?” Dean sends him a smirk. “It's romantic.”
Movement up ahead caught his attention—the pegasus. It was lying down in a thin beam of moonlight not far from the stream, its ebony coat giving off a cobalt shine, unnatural blue eyes blinking lazily. With its front legs tucked beneath it, and its hind legs jutting out to its left—away from where Dean stood, its wings splayed out around it, the shadowlight was in a perfectly vulnerable position. Dean honestly couldn’t have asked for a better shot at it.
Distantly, he heard Sam gag. Dean's grin broadened, and Cas was looking at his lips now. Dean knew a goner when he saw one. Cas was coming home with them. Dean could tell before he confirmed it in words.
For a while it was so right, and hot. Cas almost lost himself in the feel of Dean against him, then Dean started to tense up, going rigid beneath him. It took Cas less than a second to figure out that Dean was still afraid of what’d happened the last time he'd orgasmed with him. His heart lurched, and he surged up to kiss Dean, slow, an urgent glide of his tongue around Dean’s—reassurance in every movement he made.
or twitter
Ultimately, it culminated in the fact that it didn't mean anything at all. Cas hadn't said anything to him and that spoke louder than words. He didn't want Dean.
Cas contemplated the silver cross on the necklace he wore. “Or perhaps they wanted to prove they believed in spite of it all.”
Three stairs, and two more steps and he was at Cas’s front door, hand poised to knock when Cas swung the door open. “Now who’s eager?” Dean teased.
Dean didn't even bother to debate. He crossed his arms and his mind scrambled for a way out of this. A way to save Sam, save them all, but his mouth shot off all on its own. “Yeah, no thanks.”
He hasn't even acknowledged Dean yet, and it just cranks up Dean's arousal. Which should honestly be impossible, but he's stopped questioning that sort of thing when it comes to Cas and the things he makes Dean feel.
to stay and see how this goes down, really, you have no idea. Dorothy and I have a prenatal appointment at the clinic and she’ll kill me if I’m late.” She grinned. “Be back in half an hour, Cas. Nice to meet ya Dean.”
"Hardly," Sam argued. "I just... pitched in."
Still. The little fucker was dead meat when Dean got ahold of him. Making him worry just 'cause he needed his geek fix. Not cool. If this wasn't one of the quieter areas of the city, Dean probably would've been frantic, but he would've heard Sam's gun if he was in any real danger. And there wasn't much this way that attracted the monsters.
“I’ll take them,” he volunteered, and Dean raised a brow, smirk on his lips that Cas rolled his eyes at. “I’ll throw them in the laundry with mine after I shower so that you don’t have to walk of shame home.”
He kissed his way up Dean’s inner thighs. Dean’s cock bounced and hardened, already needy, already looking for attention. Cas bypassed it, moved up to play his tongue and teeth over Dean’s nipples, wrenching tiny sounds from the back of Dean’s throat. And when he said he’d choose the pace, he meant it. He deliberately sought out all the places that made Dean squirm and arch and moan.
touched, but it's muted. The only thought he can latch onto is be good for Cas: wait.
if you wanna. <3
“Okay,” he says and Jo pumps her fist. “You guys handle things here. I’m gonna go—”
Most people didn't have the patience or desire to pry more out of Dean than that. A guy like Cas? Didn't seem like the taking things slow to get to know you kinda person. At the first sign of resistance, he'd probably pack it in and call it a day. Dean had nothing to worry about. At least that's what he told himself.
he gasped as Dean pushed his tongue firmer along the underside of his cock. “God, you look good like this. Look so … ah, so good on your knees. Pretty pink lips wrapped around my cock.”
Seconds later, while he was still spurting hot and slick between their bellies, Cas stiffened above him, coming with a groan, cock twitching inside of Dean and inspiring a primal, blazing reaction in him. Fuck, he already wanted to do this again and again.
Sam seemed to notice how goddamn weird that was right about the same time Dean did and he let go with a grossed out look on his face. Cas, on the other hand, stayed right where he was, like he didn't give a damn. Honestly, he probably didn’t.
“Yes, you asshole. Now tell me you love me too,” Dean demands, eyes narrowing, playful in spite of the way his heart is knocking rapidly against his ribs.
Castiel’s hands card through his hair, and Dean shifts back to look into his eyes up close. Blue so bright and hazy with pleasure, with wonder, and there’s something deeper there that Dean doesn’t let himself hope for, though he knows it’s reflecting right back in his own gaze.
They both wish him a happy anniversary as he leaves, and Dean thanks them before he climbs into his cab, the whole thing feeling totally surreal. Driving up to the house it just seems more and more incredible that this is his life.
The door to Dean's cabin had hardly been closed before he was on Cas, mouth hot on his. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean's broad shoulders, pressed himself close. He could feel Dean's heart beating fast against his chest, and his lungs constricted so he could hardly breathe with how wrong this all could've gone. How alone he could be right now.
“Stand up,” Cas ordered him. On shaky knees, Dean did. Efficiently, Cas stripped off Dean’s jeans, left him wearing nothing but panties, pretty and pink, and stained dark in the front with precome. Heat crept over Dean’s cheeks, down his neck and chest.
Cas smiled crookedly as he straightened up. “I'm going to grab you some water, okay? I'll be right back.”
Dean hummed and shrugged into his coat. “I better go. Gotta pick up Sam.”
So instead of putting on blockers and going through the usual nine yards of making himself smell like nothing more than TOM FORD Oud Wood that night, Dean just showers and doesn’t bother with the extra steps. It’s outside of work hours, and besides, after he puts in the minimum effort at the party, he’ll slip away and find a nearby bar.
The kid smiled brightly at him. “I'm Sam. Sam Winchester.”
Baby was curled up fast asleep in a patch of sunlight along the back wall of the room, Dean figured she was worn out after he’d kept her out so late for the last few nights. Hopefully she’d stay that way.
Dean landed hard on his feet, watching as blue fire consume her until she was nothing but ash and he still couldn't stop.
Completely confident in his nudity, Dean smiled cockily, “I know you said on the bed, but,” Dean dropped his chin and dragged his perfect white teeth over his full lower lip, as he walked forward until he was right in front of Cas. He sank down to his knees and looked up at Cas, “I really wanna,” his hands curled in the waistband of Cas's sweatpants.
“I get that. Good friends for offering, though,” Sam said as he carefully climbed the steps. He winced when one of the sagging stairs gave an ominous creak but it held under his weight. Dean skipped that one as he trailed after him. Sam glanced over his shoulder at Dean and added, “Cas, um … Cas is coming this morning.”
“Let’s blow this popsicle stand, and you can show me,” Dean said, grinning.
“Yes and yes.” Dean heard the smirk in Cas's voice even if he couldn't see it. “I didn't want to cause you any discomfort.”
*****
In the meantime, Dean’d apparently discovered where he kept his towels and was waving one underneath the fire alarm. It took a minute, but the screeching stopped.
“Well then, want me to come with you? I could help.”
“Please, what, Dean?” Cas asked.
at the time. So he gives in, and floats. Time keeps passing, but Dean's not really aware of it, mind gone blank, breaths slow and even.
“So, this is your new office,” Mr. Adler opens the door and leads Dean over to a large dark cherry wood desk. The room is big, fancy. There’s a comfortable looking grey leather couch alongside one side wall, and a state of the art kitchenette area along the other. Nice.
Okay, can we talk for a second about how talented
“Fuck, Cas, doing so good, sweetheart. Just like that.” He can’t help the endearments, they keep slipping out and he doesn’t care, Castiel seems to like it, anyway. “Jesus, look at you. So fucking hot.”
“Woah,” he breathed, unable to contain his wonderment.
“Dean?” Sam asked from behind him, probably on the stairs.
“Don't do anything stupid!” Cas demanded, rushing further into the house. There were broken windows all over, furniture knocked askew and papers littering the floor.
“If you come shower with me, I’ll order us Chinese and you can sleep over,” Cas offers hopefully. Dean grins, because that’s a plan that might be worth moving for.
Fondly, Dean rolled his eyes. Sam’d only left two days ago, and they’d texted on and off since then. There was no way his brother just missed his voice, he could practically smell his concern all the way from California. Instead of replying he just hit call and listened to the phone ring as he sat down on his bed and leaned against the wall.
wanted too.
Against his lips, Cas smiled. “Perk.” He pulled back a little to look up into Dean’s eyes. “One of many that’ll come in handy if you were serious earlier.”
like he was sorry for not talking to him about it. He still didn’t think that pressuring Dean into giving something he probably hadn’t been ready for was the right course of action either. Though he
“Yeah,” Castiel breathes, shudders shaking through him, “better not come until I do, Dean.”
Ugh. Sam outright laughed at that and Dean glared at him with fake outrage, totally calm inside, but he knew this routine, “Haha. Laugh it up, jerk. You know who wore that shirt after me?”
Dean’s just—he’s too …
“You're being so good for me, Dean,” Castiel whispers close enough to Dean's lips that he feels the damp puffs of Castiel's breath against them.
“I'm not—” Dean peered back at him with this embarrassed sort of frown. “No one thinks that.”
Awkwardly, mouth salivating, Dean swallows and clears his throat before he says, “Hey, c’mon in.”
Heading out into the street, Dean locked the door behind himself. The upstairs window was still unlatched for Baby if she wanted back in, though odds were good he'd find her at Sam's or she'd catch up with him at the guard tower.
do that with a shadowlight. “Gross, Sam.”
“I believe you. Do you have any weapons on you at least?”
“Get up,” Cas demanded, pulling his fingers out, and Dean scrambled into the position Cas had described, knees and stomach pressed to the back of the couch cushion, arms braced against the window behind it. He heard Cas’s zipper lower, the crinkle of the condom wrapper, and a moment later the wet sound of him slicking himself was hot enough that Dean’s cock throbbed
“Fuck, you’re sexy,” Dean pants, leaning forward to kiss and bite at Castiel’s shoulder, loving the way Castiel trembles beneath him, making his way up until his lips are right next to Castiel’s ear. “Gonna come on my knot, Cas? ‘Cause fuck, I can’t wait to feel you squeeze around me. Scream my name.”
Something ached in Cas's chest. “Because you remind me of someone, maybe. Because I happened across you, and I used to believe things happened for a reason. It seems like the right thing to do.”
They both headed for the stairs while Dean stood, kinda dumbfounded in the doorway. “Guess I’ll just wait here, then,” he mumbled to himself.
Overall, he was glad that everything was going so smoothly, because he frankly didn't even remotely have the energy to keep up. His thoughts were distant, sluggish, and he struggled to stay awake enough to pay any sort of attention to whatever topic they moved onto. Maybe he'd skip the class he had after lunch and take a nap in the library before Art. It was pretty much the only class he actually liked, anyway.
Dean did pretty well for himself, too, as a big shot editor at Sandover Publishing, so it wasn’t like Sam moving out had left him high and dry or anything. His not-quite-penthouse-level condo wasn’t anything to snub your nose at. Most days he was at work more than home, anyway, which at least partially explained why he hadn’t known Cas and Sam were still in touch.
Cas glanced over his shoulder at him with barely restrained heat in his dark blue eyes, “Not helping, Dean.”
Sweat-drenched and trembling, Dean bolted upright on a guttural gasp. His fingers flew to the neck of his linen shirt and tugged as though it was the thing choking him rather than fear. Heaving lungfuls of air rushed past his lips while he blinked sightlessly at his room.
“Eat me out, Dean,” Castiel tells him, smug note in his voice. Of course that fucker knows what he’s doing to Dean, and the scent of turned on alpha that’s flooding the room only proves without words just how much Dean secretly (or not so secretly) loves it.
As Cas takes the package, and Dean fishes his phone out of his pocket, turns on the flashlight so that Cas'll be able to see what he's opening.
some control. If he only got to have this—to have Dean—for a little while? He was going to make it impossible for Dean to forget him when it was over.
Dean grits out, teeth clenching, and then he's coming, flooding Cas with his release and sliding through the extra slickness as he keeps fucking him through his climax until he's shaking and sensitive with aftershocks.
“Gonna come, Dean?” he asks, and Dean just thinks,
Dean tilted his head up, and smiled brightly at him. “Shut up, you were too.”
picture precisely how that sigh might feel if he was lying over Dean pressed chest to chest. Clearing his throat, Cas squirmed slightly in his seat and absently set the laptop on the coffee table. Dean swiped at his forehead, and a twinge of guilt pinched Cas's conscience. It really was hot out. The least he could do after staring at the man like a piece of meat was to offer him some refreshment.
The warmth and certainty in Cas's voice spreads through Dean's chest and he's gotta do something to lighten the mood before he does somethin’ stupid like crying. “Gettin’ all poetic on me, Cas? You know that turns me on.”
“God, I'm so close,” Cas groaned, thrusting faster, harder, the sound of his breaths harsh as the swell of his knot started to catch a little more on every thrust, growing larger with each pass.
and I have been pretty sick over the holidays, hopefully we'll get back to normal soon.
It was too quiet though, even with the carpeted floor muffling footsteps, he should've heard some sort of noise if Sam was in here. A kernel of real concern grew in Dean's stomach.
He turned a curious gaze on Cas, was he into this stuff? He'd always seemed so straight-laced and buttoned up when they were younger. How he'd even managed to co-own a regular old sex shop’d been a mystery to Dean. This was an even bigger mystery. Cas gave his wrist another reassuring thumb stroke and then released him, “Why don’t you take a look around?”
Cas was already straddling the edge, body taut with pleasure. Just working Dean up had gotten him so turned on, and the feel of Dean’s large hand squeezing tight around his knot while he stroked himself pushed him into overdrive. He surged up and caught Dean’s lips with his, dirty, hard, and deep fucks of their tongues into each other’s mouths.
“Yeah, whatever, jerk,” he heard Sam reply as the door closed behind him.
Cas chuckled and Sam grimaced, “Gross, Dean.”
A beat goes by while Cas lets Dean stand there, jagged need clawing at him, and then he finally says, “Come here and turn around. You wanted this so bad, I think you should work for it.”
Eighteen wasn't so old in the grand scheme of things—not really. The day before his eighteenth birthday though, it felt pretty damn old to Dean. It felt like a lie. He doubted that at midnight some switch was gonna flip and he'd suddenly feel like the adult the calendar said he'd be.
“Okay,” Castiel says stiffly, head tilting slightly, like he’s trying to figure out what to make of Dean. His nostrils flare slightly as he scents the air. And yeah, thank fuck Dean sprayed himself before he got out of his car. “I’m Castiel.”
A rueful grin tugs at Castiel's lips. Just thinking about the way that Dean’d looked up at him then stirs a heat in Castiel's gut and burns his cheeks. This isn't the time to dwell on it though.
Dean took deep slow breaths while he tried to calm down. He concentrated on Thunderstruck’s lyrics, sang along in his head and tuned out his surroundings until the song was over. He felt a little steadier—still way off from his baseline normal, but at least he didn’t feel like he was gonna fly apart at the sight of Cas. Even considering that, he wasn’t exactly gonna rush to find him.
He couldn't hear Dean sigh, but his whole body seemed to move with it, and Cas firmly did
to be naked, but the way Cas is looking at him almost makes it worth the fact that he's not. Cas licks his lips, and Dean wishes he could taste them. “You wore these all night,” Cas states like it isn't obvious. “Fuck, you're so gorgeous, Dean. Do you have any idea how hard you make me?”
Cas just hummed before he peeled them both out of their underwear, and grabbed a pillow that he propped Dean’s hips up with. “Sure this is what you want?” he asked from where he’d settled between Dean’s legs, blue eyes blazing.
That earned him a half-smile and a wave that dissipated the tightness in Dean's chest enough that he felt like he could get himself under better control. He took the long way from Sam's school to his, giving himself time to calm down even more. Inhaling deep breaths, he listened to Metallica’s Nothing Else Matters while he drove.
“Fuck, Cas,” he breathes, awestruck and hot under the collar, and he wants, badly.
It isn’t really any wonder that he spends basically all of his time now thinking about Cas; about his big hands and his deep blue eyes, those pink lips, and God, his dick has to be the prettiest Dean’s ever seen. Thick and long, curves up toward his belly and flushes dark when he’s turned on. Everything Dean’s ever wanted, and he lives right across the street.
His breathing hadn't even calmed when Cas was suddenly behind him, the blazing heat of his body pressed hard against Dean’s back, cock riding the crease of Dean's ass as he bit and sucked at Dean's neck. The scrape of denim that still clung to Cas's hips so damn hot—the scent of alpha arousal all around him made Dean desperate.
“Yeah, yeah!” Sam annoyingly called back.
“Multiple orgasms,” Balthazar added with a broad smirk.
“What the hell happened?” he demanded, eyes wide, cheeks flushing hotly. “Why the hell am I naked?”
Dean’s breath stuttered out of him. “Okay, yeah,” at Cas’s sharp glance he straightened up a little and rushed to add, “yes, sir.”
“What?” Dean widened his eyes innocently, not that anyone was buying it. “He looks like he has woodworking experience, Sam. I can't help that. It's just a fact.”
Cas tilted his head. “It was close. I lived in Rapid City.”
Dean winds up draped over Cas's back, one arm braced against the seatback, his other palm on the window for leverage. He rolls his hips smooth and slow, drawing out a bit and pushing back in. Little sounds escaping both of them with each fluid drag of his cock inside of Cas. God, Cas feels fucking amazing around him.
Dean’s cheeks burned, probably red, he hadn’t meant for Cas to catch that. “Uh … yeah. Um, see you.”
chose that. Partly, Dean figured Sam was just trying to annoy him at this point.
Unsure of what exactly he oughta be feeling, Dean just wrinkled his nose. Crowley’s explanation felt weirdly right to him, like he knew it was the truth. The power in his chest hummed with the knowledge of it. So he was a phoenix. How was that supposed to make him feel? Was he any less dangerous now that he knew?
He kicks off his flip flops, and grips his left bicep with his right hand as he watches Cas. Something about the way he hasn’t even looked away from the TV yet twists liquid hot arousal in Dean’s gut. Fully hard teenage fast, the ridge of his cock pushes obscenely at the zipper of his pants. Cas’s got his tie loose and his collar unbuttoned, sleeves rolled up in a way that show off his strong forearms. Powerful enough to wrap around Dean’s waist and hold him still while he pushes into him. Cas sighs, looks tired, and Dean snaps out of his staring. Squirms a little before he walks fully into the living room.
“But it didn't,” Sam kept saying, ignoring Dean's outburst. “It just stopped, like it recognized y—”
Castiel raises an eyebrow at him and smirks, moving back another step. The same move he'd pulled in the bar, and Dean's alpha instincts instantly perk up and take notice.
For a second, he actually thinks he can smell it through the ziploc container, but then a knock at his door startles him out of it.
At the driver’s side door of Dean’s car later that night, Dean heaved an irritated sigh, but the blush staining his cheeks when Cas kissed him goodnight, the dazzled warmth in his eyes as Cas pulled away—worth it.
“Taste so good, Cas,” Dean sighed. His eyes drifted closed and he sealed his mouth around the dark flushed length of Cas’s cock, sucking it in long slow slides. Wet and warm, and the ring of Dean’s lips tight around him, felt so good that he couldn’t keep his hands still. He ran them through Dean’s hair and down his neck, the breadth of his shoulders. Little soft grunts Cas didn’t even try to stop filled the room.
After they’d gone back to Dean's house, and his mom and dad had seen Dean was okay. After Cas and Sam had each taken turns showering off the smoke and dirt, and Cas had dressed in Dean's borrowed clothes. After Dean had made himself cry to test out the whole healing thing on the cuts and bruises that Sam'd sustained—which had turned out to be true, Sam looked good as new now—Dean had asked if Cas could spend the night. His cheeks had been bright pink, and he kind of looked like he wished the ground would swallow him up, but he’d gotten it out.
Cas’s lips pulled up in a gentle smile. “I promise that I’m not going to judge anything in here. Furthermore, I can almost guarantee you that I’ll find it arousing. Because
Confusion in his blue eyes, Cas looked up at Dean, “Dean, I’m not—”
Dean held his breath as Cas slipped his fingers beneath the waistband of his jeans and underwear, and stripped him bare. Goosebumps rose up on Dean’s  skin, the chill of the room combining with anticipation in a shudder of pleasure. Cas was breathing hot and damp, so fucking close to Dean’s cock that each breath felt like a caress. He forced himself not to seek out the heat of Cas’s mouth, though he really, really wanted to, kept still instead.
After a while, Dean’s mouth was tingling and he was aching hard, letting out desperate little noises that Cas swallowed down. Cas pulled him back by his hair, sharp enough to sting, but Dean liked it. He moaned and arched his back.
“Cas,” Dean breathed, cheeks burning, as Cas leaned in and mouthed at his cock through satin. The hot drag of Cas's lips over the outline of Dean’s cock as he wet the silky material even more made Dean shiver. The scent of his own slick filling the air was an erotic thrill that settled low in his belly.
It's fast and frantic, Dean's heart slamming against his ribs, his stomach and thigh muscles straining from the awkward position, but it’s still so damn good.
“Go wait on the bed, hands above your head. Hold onto the headboard if you need to. I'll be up shortly.”
Cas was the first to arrive, of course he was. As a kid he’d been punctual to a fault. Had he ever been late for anything in his life? He somehow looked even better than he had this morning. That was just cruel. His hair had been tamed, and his snug navy blue pants matched the waistcoat he was wearing over a pale blue button up. Pretty much all of that conspired and made his eyes seem even brighter. Like Dean said, cruel.
as his boss has been enough for an entire lifetime as far as Castiel is concerned. It’s not that he’s outright rude to Castiel, actually the opposite is sort of true. Castiel is having the hardest time reigning in his sarcasm and irritation with Dean, and it’s easy to see he’s not keeping his scent under control that well either whenever Dean reacts to his annoyance with little flinches.
Goodnaturedly, Cas’d laughed it off. Loud and infectious, and even Dean had smiled a little—wistful for a second. He'd wondered what it would be like to have friends like Cas's. People who cared enough that they celebrated your birthday.
It sounded fun to Cas, getting together with your family and spending an evening watching movies. At the same time it was a totally foreign idea to him, but it seemed like fun.
“Have some respect, Sammy. Baby’s not that kinda girl.” Dean smirked over his shoulder, and Sam chuckled before his eyes drifted to the house and turned sober.
Cas studied his face for a moment and then he opened up the flap on his messenger bag. He reached in and withdrew a roll of shiny black tape, and set it on the coffee table. Next he dug out the cuff Dean’d been looking at in the store. Surprise parted Dean’s lips. It was still just as beautiful as he remembered. Faded dark grey leather, scrawling symbols painted onto it, silver lock gleaming.
There’s definitely no way he should be talking to his boss like that, and alpha or not, anyone would lose their temper over the tone in Castiel’s voice, but Dean just rolls his eyes and backs up a step mumbling, “Whatever.”
to look at the computer, but he'd sat on the couch, and his gaze had gone straight to the screen, and then what was he supposed to do? Not look closer at the porn right in front of him? Yeah, right, okay.
“Duh. We’ve actually been on vacation a few times together. He still lives in Lawrence and I didn’t really plan to.…” Sam trailed off, leaving the ‘come back here’ part of his sentence unsaid.
He was just about at the door when Sam’s voice called out, “Hey wait! There’s one more thing.”
“It's okay, baby,” Cas breathed right into Dean's mouth, feeling him shudder beneath him. He bit back a groan as Dean’s hips jerked up into his. “You're not gonna hurt me this time. I promise.”
when you’re standin’ over here lookin’ like a wet dream in my clothes.”
Sliding in all the way, Dean groans Cas's name, and Cas just grinds back, like he wants Dean inside him as far as he can possibly get him. “Fuck, Cas.”
There was a small smirk on Cas’s still puffy pink lips. “I can handle myself, Dean. I’ve been watching my own back for a long time, and I just spent the last week making my way to Sioux Falls alone. I’ll be fine.”
Dean waved Jo off to his left, Benny to his right. Cas took up the rearguard. There was a volley of gunfire and an enraged snarl off behind them, somewhere deep in the woods, and Dean tuned it out. He had to focus on his area, knew better than to get distracted by worry. Worrying too much got people killed.
So this is it. I hope you loved this story as much as I loved working on it. Thanks again to
“Of course, Captain Winchester.” Jo spun on her heel and stalked off down the stairs.
“Huh?” Dean turned and found Sam rushing toward him with a spherical bottle of glittering translucent orange potion.
He was so absorbed that he almost hadn’t noticed that the bell had rung and everyone had already filtered in. With a near silent sigh, he tucked his book away and dug out his notebook and a pen. His morning classes went smoothly, and falling into his routine soothed a bit of Dean’s ruffled feathers.
The thought was tempting. The power imbalance of it appealed to him, he knew that from experience. Right now though, more than he wanted to dominate Dean, he just wanted to
A satisfied moan rumbled up out of Cas’s chest and Dean echoed it as he started sucking in earnest. He slid down all the way until Cas was pushing into his throat and then drew back up to the head. His tongue pressed up against the underside as he let his mouth flood with saliva, making it wet and sloppy.
“Fuck, you’re so gorgeous, Dean,” Cas murmured, hands grazing back up Dean’s thighs, curling around his hips, “Such a pretty cock, and, mmm,” he groaned low and Dean trembled with it, “that ass? Can’t wait to get it all pinked up, fuck you while it’s hot and throbbing.”
*****
He thinks, as they're silently watching, that this is actually much worse than when Dean and Sam were in prison. This is their past come back to show how useless it all was. The struggling against the apocalypse, rebelling for Dean. None of it mattered, because now Dean had said yes, and Cas had been powerless to stop him.
Hey guys! Don't forget to leave kudos or a comment if you enjoyed. Boosts to my confidence definitely result in more work. ;)
“Wow. Talk about a blast from the past.” Dean smiled. “Haven’t seen Cas Novak since the two of you were scrawny little seventeen year old nerdlings in graduation gowns. Do you guys still even talk?” he asked, unlocking the door.
His head spun with desire, with need. A breathy little whine escaped his throat, and he felt himself starting to slick. Embarrassment and arousal burned Dean's cheeks, shot his temperature up. Instantly, Cas reacted to the scent, grinding forward against Dean. The friction of Cas’s hip against his cock, the feel of Cas hard against his thigh, sparked a rush pleasure; made him moan into Cas’s mouth. In a frantic attempt to get even closer Dean hitched his leg up around Cas’s waist. The smooth glide of Cas’s hand under his thigh like fire.
Rearing back up onto his knees, Cas tore the condom wrapper open, readied himself, and pushed slowly into Dean’s body, hot, wet, lovely pressure surrounding his cock. A rush of air left his lungs explosively. He'd almost forgotten how good this felt, though his memories of fleeting pleasure paled to this moment.
Nothing, still, from Cas; no reaction other than a flat stare that seemed to say, 'Will you, boy?’
Dean rolled his eyes, warmth wriggling in his stomach, “Anyone would’ve done that, Cas. And it was just—”
Dean pressed closer, sliding his palm up to rub the bulge in Cas’s pants, reveling in the way Cas’s dick jumped in his hand, the way he groaned hot and low as he kissed Dean deeper. With his other hand, Dean traced a suspender up to Cas’s shoulder just to feel it, then started on the button of Cas’s shirt. They needed clothes off,
“Are we good, you think?”
Dean’s confusion grew and he shifted uncomfortably. “So, is he here?”
Slowly, Castiel steps into the space between Dean’s legs, suddenly looking shy and uncertain. Such a juxtaposition to the confident, cocky asshole he normally presents to the word that it jars something loose in Dean’s chest.
He'd lost him. Even if it’d been temporary in the end, he’d lost Dean. Cas couldn't forget the aching emptiness he'd felt in those long minutes without him. The pain of losing the person he loved most in the whole world was still raw and fresh. And God, he was so lucky that Dean was here. That he was alive, and safe, but it didn't stop that worried knot in his chest that wondered how he would've survived without him. That kept asking,
Castiel chews his bottom lip, considering. Does he hate Dean? He dislikes the way Dean’s been acting toward him, but it makes a stupid sort of sense given what Dean’s been keeping secret. Concentrating beyond the burning need in his blood, beyond his omega whining and begging for Dean’s alpha is incredibly difficult, but Castiel has plenty of practice reigning in his body.“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Want that, Dean?” he asked, voice low and rough with his desire. “Wanna feel my fingers and tongue buried inside you? Sliding in and out until you’re begging for more. Until you come apart for me?”
They skirted the last bookshelf blocking the back and Cas paused, which gave Dean a moment to adjust. A much needed moment. Dean had expected your average adult store, with all the usual sort of cheesy bells and whistles and this … was not that. He examined the left wall, stocked with things like full latex body suits, leather skirts, and dresses of every size, leather harnesses, collars, leashes.
Dean thought grimly. It took hours, but they finally scoured the area, cleared it, and collected the dead bodies ’cause leaving them around could attract larger predators.
"I just wondered if you were—you seemed—are you all right?" Cas was peering at him all full of concern like Dean wasn't kneeling out here in the dirt perving on him.
A mild sliver of jealousy wormed through Dean, followed by a quickflash of guilt for being unjustifiably jealous that Sam was getting hugged and he wasn’t. And since when did he need hugs, anyway? Denial or not, Dean craved physical comfort right then.
The timid little smile Dean gave back to Cas was involuntary. He was caught up in those blue eyes, and still hazy with warmth from that kiss. He bit his lip and said, “Still, I hurt you, Cas. And I can't take that back—”
As Dean pulled on his jeans, he shot Cas a half-smile, eyes crinkled, “Still look good in my clothes.”
me, Dean. I just poured out my soul to you, why would I walk away now?”
Someday Dean hopes that they’ll get to be together longer than a few hours or days at a time, maybe they'll live together. Waking up next to Cas every morning sounds like an amazing future to Dean. For now though—he can be patient.
(See the end of the chapter for
He flicked his gaze toward Cas and noticed the concern on his face as he moved closer. “Here I am,” he agreed, his voice barely even broke.
“Get in the backseat,” Cas demands, finally looking up at Dean with dark eyes.
“C’mon. Cas, c’mon,” Dean groaned impatiently as he dug his heels into the mattress and pushed back on Cas’s fingers, fucking himself on them.
He somewhat listlessly watched as Charlie worked her magic on Dean. She got him to talk about himself a little and about his favorite movies. Their conversation about Die Hard spanned ten minutes all on its own, and Cas thought maybe he should actually watch it sometime. Just to see if it actually merited their enthusiasm, based on the lines they quoted to each other, he was skeptical.
Distantly, he’s aware that Castiel’s fisting his cock, rubbing his knot while he kitten licks around the head, but most of Dean’s concentration is taken up with how damn delicious Castiel tastes, on making Castiel feel good. Subtly, Castiel starts rocking back against Dean's mouth, and a satisfied growl erupts from Dean's chest as he pushes his tongue in as deep as he can. Swirling it inside and withdrawing again just to do it all over and over.
Dean's anger pulses through him, his fear. He can feel it building up his energy and the walls that have been holding him back start to weaken. There's give in them that there wasn't before. Maybe he can harness this.
After a quick tour of their old bedrooms, and one slightly horrific peek into the bathroom and Dad’s room, Dean backtracked and stripped his and Sam’s beds. There was a uniform layer of dust that covered everything in their rooms. Like Dad had just closed the doors and never looked inside again. Something twisted in Dean’s gut, but he kept himself moving.
it’s important. He has a person’s life to protect and Dean doesn’t take that lightly. No matter how much of a spoiled, ungrateful, sexy, jackass the person is.
Whatever Castiel's waiting for must happen, 'cause he stalks forward and climbs onto the bed between Dean's parted legs. Fuck, he's so beautiful, skin glittering with sweat, and cheeks blushing with his arousal. Dean's muscles tense as he holds himself still, body wanting to pin Castiel down so damn
“I should probably thank Sam someday,” Dean mumbled a few long moments later, fingers rubbing under Baby's chin. “For begging me so much to keep you. I guess you're alright.”
Looking conflicted, Sam ran an hand through his hair and sighed with defeat. “Maybe? I can look at the lore and come up with something that
When he came back to himself he was murmuring Dean’s name over and over in worship, still shaking with each feeble pulse of his release. For a long time Dean kept his hand locked around Cas, kissing him gently through each crest until he was an over sensitive and bone-deep satisfied mess of come and sweat that melted into the mattress.
Enough dawdling, he decides, time to get in there and do what he does best. Dean slips out of his Impala, shuts and locks the door, then smooths a hand over his red tie and pinstripe blue shirt, white cuffs standing out sharply at his wrists. He looks good. Yeah, he’s got this.
“Sam,” Cas looks at him with all of the hurt and despair he's been holding back, “Do this for me. For Dean, and Jack, and the world.”
Cas paused for a moment to scan Dean's face. “And you can always change your mind, Dean. At any time, before, during, after. We can just stop and go back to how it was. We can just watch television and hang out, or slow things down, whatever you want. Understand?”
“Probably pretty bad.” Dean sighed. “He never liked housework.”
“Open it and see.” Dean flashed him a warm smile, and Cas rolled his eyes, but he complied, setting his book onto the coffee table and freeing up his hands.
to kill him, that was all, Cas reasoned, cock throbbing with need. He smoothly slid his hand down Dean’s chest, past his belly button and wrapped his fingers around Dean’s cock, slippery with precome and
Dean just barely schools his expression when Castiel walks out a minute later, cheeks flushed, hair a damn mess. Blue eyes knowing and bright with mischief and satisfaction. He’s got his backpack slung over his shoulder, and that perpetual smirk on his face that makes Dean want to wipe it off his lips. Or maybe slide his dick past them. Either way, Cas now knows the effect he’s having and Dean hates it.
Her irritated muttering cut off when she latched the window again, and then moments later the door was flung open.
than me.” Why in the fuck was Dean talking himself out of this? What was wrong with him?
It made him anxious, but he kept himself from getting too worked up. He told himself that even once he knew, he didn't
He definitely never imagined that Cas would give him a whole new appreciation for anticipation, but the moment before Cas walks into the room, while Dean's gut is clenching in excitement, desire, and arousal, he knows that Cas really, really has.
At the top of the stairs Cas glanced back at him with amusement in his eyes. “I'll see you later, Dean.”
A solid thump to the back of Dean's left boot caused his purposeful stride to falter and he stumbled a few steps forward, then came to a stop. Rolling his eyes at himself ’cause he should’ve known by now to expect as much, he turned around with his gloved hands on his hips.
Crowley tutted. “Do I
“Uh… no.” The voice that replied was low and sexy enough to perk Dean's interest. He hoped the owner matched it. He also hoped he wouldn't have to kill the guy. You never knew these days if someone you just met was gonna be friendly or psychopathic. He guessed back before the end of the world you wouldn't have known either, but at least people had probably shown
Edging closer to where the voice was coming from, Dean glanced around the bookshelf blocking his view and saw the guy was unarmed. That didn't mean he wasn't possibly dangerous, but it meant Dean had an advantage so he stepped out with his rifle in his hands, pointed safely to the side for now, enough of a threat to be a deterrent. “You're gonna want to start talkin’ before I get the wrong idea.”
Lightly Dean shook his head, but he didn't look back at Cas, “Actually, I was picturing them on you.”
Cas thought, blackly. He was not going to take his landscaper up on flirting and banter. It was probably harmless fun for Dean, entertainment during a hard day of work, the last thing he would want was for the awkward man paying his wages to take it too seriously and make things insufferably weird. "Uh—no, no, I've got this. You go sit down."
Smiling faintly, Cas shakes his head. “Nah, let's go home. If we get a second wind we can always sit on the back porch swing and watch them.”
. Thanks for all of the support and patience you guys, we really appreciate it.
All he could see through the windows were staggered bookshelves that obscured the entire back half of the store, but left a counter and cash register on the left wall visible. A woman with short wavy red hair in a white blouse was standing at the register peering curiously at him. Right. He was standing in the doorway like a creeper. Already off to a great start.
Dean's upper lip curls involuntarily, showing off his sharp white teeth in a primal display. After a second of intense staring into Castiel's eyes, Dean forces away his inborn need to be in control, and complies with Castiel's command.
and Charity's endless encouragement when I got an idea to extend this fic.
Castiel nods. “Thank you.”
Summer faded into fall, the leaves changed and the air cooled. Cas loved autumn, the crisp freshness in the chilly air was one of his favorite scents. Dean still asked him to stay each night. Cas wasn’t entirely sure if Dean really expected him to leave, but he also didn’t want to take for granted that Dean truly wanted him to stay. So each night, Cas felt like he held his breath waiting for Dean to ask, and Dean seemed to hold his breath waiting for the answer.
Now it was sparkling and Dean was sweaty with the exertion of scrubbing pretty much every surface clean. Beads of perspiration dripped down from his temples and collected in the hollow of his throat. His black t-shirt was sticking wetly to his back. All in all, he felt pretty gross.
Dean followed Cas out onto the stone patio. The pictures Joshua had forwarded him didn’t do it justice. He whistled low in appreciation and Cas grinned at him. “It makes me happy too. Joshua’s talented.”
“So where is he now? I just left the hardware store.”
A doorman in the lobby points him toward the bar, and Castiel smothers another sigh as he heads in the correct direction. Soon he finds himself in an elegantly designed bar full of people, only he doesn't notice a single one of them.
Morning sickness didn’t just strike in the morning, Mary Winchester had quickly discovered, much to her misfortune. Round the clock random bursts of nausea had been kicking her ass for the last month, ever since right around when she skipped a period. She’d never been late before, not by more than a day or two, anyway, and after a week, well, she was pretty sure even before she went to her doctor’s appointment. Mary was ecstatic and terrified and so nervous about telling John. They wanted this, they’d planned this, but…
“You've mentioned it once or twice,” Cas says, purposely brushing against him as he walks past.
He skimmed a couple more how-to’s and finally found the checklist Cas had talked about. It was pretty long. Dean got up off the couch and went to hopefully find a pen in one of the kitchen drawers. Successful, he took it back to the couch with him and got comfortable. There were four columns next to the acts listed: yes, no, maybe, and notes.
That wasn't exactly close these days. If Cas was on foot, and judging by the condition he was in he had to be, it must've taken at least a week through monster infested wilderness. How was he even alive? Dean felt a little surge of blood rush south. He always had liked his men a little dangerous. His women too for that matter, and it got him into trouble more often than not.
“Sam, Dean,” Cas greeted them as he approached.
Next up, he read through an instructional pamphlet on bondage, things like not being left tied up alone for long periods of time, checking blood flow to the extremities. A lot of useful stuff to avoid accidental damage.
The sun was barely risen, weak orange light glowing on the cobblestones between long shadows. Only a few people were wandering the street below Dean's window. The morning air was crisp, but Dean left the window cracked for Baby as he wandered into his washroom.
Considering that he’d just burned a warehouse full of people to death, signs pointed to no. The general ambivalence and lack of guilt he felt about that also pointed to no. A small part of him piped up with something about shock, but that wasn’t quite it. It was more like the people he’d hurt were monsters in his mind. They'd intended to harm Sam and Cas, and they’d needed to be stopped.
Suddenly Dean's stomach tangled up with concern. “What's wrong? Is Eileen okay?”
So, if you know me, you know that when I finish a story I always get pretty sad for a few days. It's a cycle I go through with writing and part of processing it for me. If you're so inclined I could really use a pick me up, so leave me your thoughts in the comments or come visit me on
“Who are you?” Sam demanded just as Dean looked up at Crowley with narrowed eyes.
No one's watching when Dean picks the lock. He takes a steadying breath and prepares himself to push down what's now become an unfortunately incredibly familiar rush of intense displeasure that'll be commingled with a vicious sense of glee at cockblocking Castiel. He tries not to think too much about his emotional response to any of this. Because that? Is the Dean Winchester method of dealing with things. Once he's sure his heart’s not gonna give out completely in a fit of rage, he pushes the door open.
“Good,” Dean replied. “It feels good.”
“That doesn't—”
He couldn't see where Baby had gotten off to, but he trusted her to stick close. Aside from the rustle of wind through the turning leaves, the walk was quiet. Animals were mostly asleep at this time of night, and nothing he heard concerned him enough to leave the path and investigate.
“I know,” Cas replies.
Cas shrugged. “I had nothing better to do. I thought I'd see a little of the world while I still could.”
Cas nonchalantly shrugged a shoulder. “I didn’t mind.”
Slowly, Cas worked Dean's pants open, then shifted Dean back a little. He dropped to his knees in front of Dean and looked up at him with big blue eyes and a sexy dirty smile. Methodically, Cas lifted each of Dean’s feet and took his socks off before he slid his palms up Dean’s shins, his thighs.
The sensation of something warm and heavy draped half over his back woke Dean up gradually. It took his brain a minute to place what he was feeling—Cas was still asleep, head tucked against the side of Dean’s neck, his lips parted against the bare skin of Dean's shoulder. Even hot damp breaths puffed against Dean's skin, causing him to shiver.
“I thought if you wanted, you could pick a movie. I’ll grab the popcorn,” Cas said as he walked in.
Dean’s smile is like the sun bursting over the horizon in the morning, warm and full of so much hope, and Castiel thinks that their relationship will be like that too—full of hope and blooming even brighter, more beautifully, for each period of darkness.
Dean wet his lips and cleared his throat, anticipation simmering in his gut. “Yeah … that … um, that sounds good.”
Climbing to his feet, Dean brushed off the knees of his jeans. "Keep this up and you're gonna spoil me, Cas."
There was no way that a shadowlight on the border of Stormridge was coincidental. It was too unusual—too bizarre—to be random happenstance. Was Stormridge employing a shadowlight spy against them? It made a weird sort of sense; a shadowlight could easily travel from Stormridge into Laurellia without setting off alarms, but why in the hell would a shadowlight work for Stormridge?
Today he was extra smooth; all innuendo and smouldering looks, and Cas might actually combust. His last date was over a year ago, his dry spell had been going on so long he’d probably forgotten how to do any of this no matter how well he wrote it. And he was wholly unprepared for Dean to walk in this morning in
Cas’s blue eyes went dark, intense, as he swallowed hard. One of his big hands grabbed Dean's hip while the other gripped the back of his neck with a steady pressure that sent hot shivers through Dean, some base omega instinct in him responding to Cas's possessive display.
He followed Sam upstairs and settled in on one of the overstuffed chairs in Sam's sitting room. In the other, Sam sat down after he fetched them each a drink, curling up with one leg under himself to face Dean more fully.
“How do you want this, baby?” he asks, voice pitched low and rough. “Want me to jerk you off, or blow you?”
Beneath his note was a link to a Google Play playlist titled Dean's top 13 Zepp traxx. He tapped back over to Dean's message, figuring he'd check out the list after he finished texting.
Cas carefully lifts his body up away from Dean's. “Mmm. Not yet. Haven't even
Every single part of Cas's body, his mind, focused on Dean. Every second of this scorched itself into him, like a brand on his soul. “Dean,” he whispered reverently as he sped his pace, “Dean, fuck. You’re so—” he sucked in a ragged breath, “fuck, you’re so perfect. So incredible.”
“I'll go exactly as fast as I choose to. And I have the feeling… you'll like what I choose.” Dean's little gasp was proof Cas was right.
lied. I knew you weren't gonna take Benny and Jo, so someone had to keep an eye on you.”
Joshua had told him Cas was pretty hands off with everything, which was common, he only liked to give occasional input. He might find some new inspiration now and then for his oasis of a backyard, and considering the stuff he and Joshua already had planned, Cas had an eye for design. Some of the yards Dean worked on were boring, but he was looking forward to actually getting to be creative with this one. “Thanks. Did you want to go over the plans Joshua sent, or d’you want me to dive right in? I’m fine either way.”
There was no way he could pretend anymore that he didn’t feel this big, all-encompassing pull toward Dean. He wanted Dean more than he’d ever wanted anything in his entire life, and that might be a little frightening, but much, much more frightening was the idea of losing Dean before they ever really got started.
He stroked Dean with a loose grip. Just a tease. His thumb swiped over the head, then rubbed back and forth over the bundle of nerves just beneath it. “Like that?” Cas asked.
Crowley smirked, a know it all look on his face that Dean sort of wanted to punch, but he was being at least a little helpful, so he curbed his impulse. “Wrong. They’re
*****
He hadn't needed to take the long way like that in ages. That he couldn't handle himself without it felt like a failure on his part. This thing with Cas shouldn't have been messing with him so much… only, it was. His baseline was already elevated, and he hadn't even gone inside the school.
If they fucked, just once, they could get it out of their systems. They’d have some awesome sex, and Castiel would move on—because if Dean knows one thing from all those months of guarding him, it’s that Castiel doesn’t do repeats. So, Castiel would move on, and Dean? Well, Dean could fully concentrate on his job again without Castiel continually trying to get his attention.
From the start, John’d been convinced they were having a boy. Mary didn’t much care either way, and when you got down to it, neither did John. He just liked the idea of having a son. He wouldn’t love a daughter any less, Mary knew.
damn good. Soft little moans forced themselves out of Dean’s mouth on panting breaths as Cas thrusted his fingers inside of him, then he crooked them just right and made Dean vibrate with pleasure.
For a second it's just their breaths echoing in the sultry air that's gathering in the car, steaming it up. Cas looks over his shoulder, eyes narrowed. “Dean, if you—mmm.”
Dean's lips buzz, Cas is so close—
Dean's lips parted and his dick gave a valiant fucking effort at filling again. The little smirk on Cas's face before he left the room said he knew exactly what kind of effect that had on Dean.
Dean slipped a hand between them, and Cas's back arched instinctively with how good Dean's fingers felt wrapped around him. The steady-fast strokes of Dean's fist were coiling heat and pressure in Cas's groin, and he was so close. “Dean,” he panted, “I… I… ah,
“Human-ish as far as I can tell. The lore basically says their natural state is incredibly beautiful to humans.” Sam scrutinized him for a second then wrinkled his nose. “So maybe try
Crowley’s lips pulled up in a smirk. “Can’t get anything past you. I came to see if Lilith was really dead.” He shrugged a nonchalant shoulder. “I needed to confirm it. Now that she’s out of the way, I’m going to pull a coup with those of her followers who are left.” Dean’s temperature rose as he bristled, but Crowley rolled his eyes. “Don't worry, we won't be after Lucifer. As if I’d give up my new position for him.”
His stomach swooped excitedly, and he pushed further into Cas’s hands, “Spank me, Cas. Please.…” Dean groaned low in his throat when Cas’s hands left his skin. “Spank me, please, sir.”
When he woke in the afternoon it was to Cas stroking his fingers along his back in random patterns that raised goosebumps on Dean’s skin and made his cock swell. He smiled into Cas’s warm bare chest and stretched against him, letting Cas feel exactly what he did to him.
Dean was gone. The part of him that always felt a tug to Dean was blank, untethered. It was like being jaggedly ripped in half; something intrinsic stolen. His eyes burned, but tears didn’t come. The ones he’d already shed had dried in streaks on his face, and he was numb. Eviscerated.
The silence in the aftermath was almost deafening. His cheeks were still flaming, and he couldn’t bring himself to look over at Dean. Defensively, he held onto his left bicep with his right hand and made himself talk in spite of the uncomfortable twisting in his stomach, “I probably should've warned you that I'm really only good at making sandwiches and frozen dinners before I offered to feed you.”
Dean reloaded his rifle, tapped Cas on the shoulder to get him to move and took over guarding there. He handed Cas the handgun he'd used earlier. “Get the back!”
Once they'd both settled, they dug in. Between bites, and sips of pop they talked a little about their day. Dean told Cas a story about how his brother was going to make them all watch Lord of the Rings again tomorrow night because it was his turn to choose for family movie night and he
So he prods Cas into sitting up and lazily dressing. Once they're fully clothed, Dean shirtless under his jacket, he kisses the tired smile on Cas's lips and loves the way Cas responds, cupping Dean's cheeks and kissing him back so softly.
He's wanted this for so damn long, and he loves the way Cas makes him feel. Loves the stretch of his cock dragging inside of him, shoving in hard and fast, over and over. Loves the way Cas watches his face, like Dean's expressions are so hot he has to see them.
Dean was shoving back with every thrust forward Cas made, angling himself so Cas was sliding in and out just the way Dean wanted him to. He fucked a little harder in response, encouraged by the breathy grunts and gasps Dean was making, fingers clenching around Dean’s hips, pulling him into it. Cas could feel his orgasm fast approaching. He dropped forward over Dean, getting an arm around his shoulders for leverage, thrusting harder, quicker.
Despite what John obviously thought, she could still do things that she wanted to. So she’d out stubborned John, and they’d gone camping in the end.
want and
Cas smirked. “Of course.” He started over toward the beast; it looked like it could've been some sort of canine-esque animal before the rapid mutations had started. No one really knew what’d caused them. The government  claimed it was some freak of nature virus that spread at incomprehensible speed, but everyone knew now the government had been lying in the final days. Claims of safety and protected cities had been proven false fast. There was no safety. And for all anyone knew the world-wide virus had been manufactured. Some people said mother nature was finally taking her revenge on the human race. Rumors and fear-based stories passed around like wildfire among survivors. As if knowing how it happened was any use to anyone at all.
Dean raised his eyebrow, did he look like the kinda guy who was into geeky costume stuff? “Uh.…”
for the amazing art prompt. I fell in love the second I saw it, and I was head over heels when my claim was successful. Working with you has been amazing, and your art is so beautiful. I was and am still completely blown away by every single piece you created. Thanks for making this so much fun. <3
“Cas you don't hafta…”
Words and pleas poured probably incoherently from Dean's mouth after that. Mostly just a series of
Full circle, he made his way back to stand in front of Cas. Close enough to touch. Cas's eyes roamed over his face, took stock of the flush in Dean's cheeks, and by the slight flare of his nostrils, scented Dean's arousal. Still, he somehow held himself back, though every line of his body screamed tension.
“What?” He cleared his throat. “Uh, yeah. I checked it out. Picked myself up a really big—”
The roughness in Dad's voice as he'd grabbed Mom's shoulder, handed her a terrified baby Sam whose tearful hazel eyes were locked on Dean. “Take him and get out of the house! I'll get Dean.”
for the beautiful art prompt, the inspiration, the laughs, and the ideas. <3<3<3 Please check out and reblog the artpost
“No,” Dean's eyes fly open, focusing quickly on the concern in Cas's blue eyes. “No, I want you to fuck me like you planned. Just got overwhelmed’s all. I'm good now.”
He didn't notice Dean doing the same until they wriggled out from under the whimpering, dying creature. Another was fast approaching, but Dean had a gotten his backup gun in hand. He fired, wounding it enough that it slowed. They grabbed their weapons and rushed for the front door. When Cas whirled around to defend the entrance, he saw more hideous bodies than there should've been surrounding the one he and Dean had killed. There was a burst of gunfire from upstairs, and Cas put two and two together.
The combination of overpowering scent and sight makes Dean's mouth water with the need to taste. Castiel just waits for a few moments, one hand coming up to stroke his own cock while he watches Dean's reaction, blue eyes dropping to the heavy twitch of Dean's swelling knot and he'd be embarrassed by how fast he's getting there, but Castiel doesn't look put off, he looks downright predatory.
After a few morose minutes spent feeling crappy about his life, Dean got ready for school and headed downstairs. He could smell cooking food as soon as he opened his door, and his stomach rumbled even while apprehension flooded him.
Dean finds him sprawled out on their bed in black jeans and a white button up, watching the small TV on their dresser. His hair's still a little wet, curling damply behind his ears, and he looks so damn perfect that it takes nearly all of Dean's effort not to climb on that bed with him and forget all about the meal he just painstakingly prepared.
Sam studied him intently, and then finally seemed to accept Dean's lie. “Okay,” he said, shoulders slumping a little before he squared them again, “but you better be careful, and I better hear from you the second I get back.”
“So desperate for me, aren't you, Dean? Like you were made for this. Made to be so fucking good for me.”
By the time Cas finished speaking Dean’s mouth was desert dry with want. He had to clear his throat before he spoke. “Yeah, Cas. I want that.”
“Dean, don't bother asking me to stay,” Cas said tiredly.
He might have caved to his parents pressure. He'd still be a prince. An unhappy, miserable puppet living a boring life in a castle he’s never liked.
That was excusable. Less excusable, probably, was that currently he was staring at his Kindle Paperwhite, loaded up with every book he could find under the name James Novak, and whoo, boy had there been a lot, and Holy fuck, every single back cover description had made his pants a little snugger and his heart race with a guilty excitement.
Dean was gonna kill the little shit himself when he found him. Sam better hope he'd been eaten by a goddamn monster ’cause it was a way better fate than what Dean had in store for him after this fuckin’ stunt. One job. Sam had one. Little. Job. Dean trusted him to look out for himself for fifteen minutes because Sam had been pestering him to do a solo mission for months and now he was AWOL.
They’d parked a couple blocks away and had come closer on foot. Cas’s idea—something about parking far enough away that the car would be safe so they could get out of there fast after they got Sam. Dean didn’t have the heart to tell him that his gut feeling said that he wasn’t walking away from this. Instead, he’d quietly slipped his keys into Cas’s jacket pocket when he’d kissed him one last time at the car. For luck, he’d told Cas.
His thrusts were fast, right off the bat, like he couldn’t help himself, like being in Dean felt good enough to shatter any control he had. And fuck it was so damn awesome.
The way Dean had kept everything to himself is still a problem. He needs to understand that Castiel had a right to know. That he can’t keep important things like that to himself in the future. Castiel is his equal, and he knows after last night, Dean
“Almost,” Cas told him softly, “You're doing so good, Dean. God, you’re so tight and so fucking hot. Can’t wait to be inside you.”
“Okay,” Cas gives in.
Dean smirked, cheeks blazing when Cas caught his breath and rolled over toward him.
“I want you inside me.”
“Crap.” Dean stood up and took one of the plates and cans. “I could’ve at least helped bring this stuff out.”
“Mr. Winchester?” Castiel asks, one eyebrow raised, face impassive.
“Obviously.” He sent Sam a confident smile, and turned to head out front. “I’ll be back before you know it, Sam.”
Then again neither was the way he'd been staring at Dean's ass earlier when he bent over to slide off the dirt caked kneepads he was wearing off. If they hadn't been so dirty from kneeling on rocky earth, he might have left them on, with the way Cas eyed them.
“So?” Dean asked, looking at Sam expectantly.
“You can call me that if you want,” he teases, and Dean doesn’t think he can take much more.
He's spoiled. For a goddamn grown man, Castiel Novak, Prince of a rinky-dink little European country that Sam had scored them a contract to guard, is more like a child star gone wrong. He’s supposed to be attending classes at Stanford. Improving his English and getting a Poli-Sci degree to help round out his ability to lead or some shit. Unfortunately, Dean's job couldn't be as simple as following Castiel around to his classes, and keeping him safe. Because when is Dean's life ever simple?
When he didn't reply Charlie eventually turned her attention back to the rest of their group but he knew her well enough to know that the conversation wasn't over. She'd just find a way to corner him later and try to draw the truth out of him. She was surprisingly effective at getting Cas to talk about stuff, which was unfortunate at times. He didn't like to burden her, despite her reassurances that that was what friends were for.
He’s reclined back against the couch, naked, and the heat in Castiel’s gaze is palpable as he takes his time looking him over. “How are you this hot?” Castiel breathes, like he’s stunned, and fire burns in Dean’s cheeks.
Dean’s eyes snapped open, bright green with lust and instantly focused on Cas. “Fuck me,” he pleaded. “I wanna—ah, mmm. Cas, wanna ride you so bad.”
Gradually throughout the movie, they drifted closer and closer to each other until Dean was curled up into his side, head rested on his chest with Cas’s arm curled around his shoulders, and Dean’s settled across his waist. It felt natural, despite the way Cas’s heart picked up speed at first before it slowed back to normal. Dean’s scent was intoxicating. Everything about Dean, in fact, was intoxicating.
The mobster opened his eyes, making Cas seeze his moments with his breath, hand mid air. His bottom lip wobbled waiting for the man to do something but nothing happened except Dean tightening his hold around the omega's waist. "Nightmare?" His voice was croaky from sleep and it did weird things to Cas.
Cas giggled when Benny growled at Dean hiding his mate behind him, "You gonna be same after mating to your angel, chief." That made the omega stiffen going all tingly when the Alpha' hand tightened around his waist.
I stop in front of Dean, look down at him, and lick my upward lip like I practiced, yeah I practiced so what. You are reading this, so don't judge. Dean looks at me and gulps audibly making me smirk.
As he started eating, Charlie asked around a mouthful "So are you ready to have another movie marathon, this time its Harry Potter?"
Crowley came back gesturing towards the end rows, they advanced towards the booth where a tall man was sitting, when he saw the group coming a terrified look came upon his face as he made to run, Gabe jumped setting him back down.
Cas backed away and acted like he was searching for his clothes from his trunk. He looked up at the blonde Beta who bowed to him "Consort." Awkwardly Cas bowed too and greeted "Morning."
Giggling Gabe follows Cas, "Do you think we need baby food?"
"But obviously I'm older"
"Okay, go get yourself cleaned up. I will take Riot." Cas said taking the puppy from the overgrown human puppy and shooed them towards their rooms. He looked at the doggo in his arms while Riot stared back "Looks like it's just you and me."
"Sam you're here to help me right?" He asks tilting his head to look at him since the Alpha is so tall. Sam nods, his long hair swinging. Cas crosses his leg and gestures towards the free seat "So I want you to sit down and answer some questions for me."
"tu veux parier?"
I take off my crown and start shaking my hips wildly, roaming my hands on my myself as the song ends. The crowd goes crazy, cheering all over making me flush with excitement. I look at Dean last time before I get off the table with the owner's help and go backstage.
Chuckling she nodded "I know what you're thinking, Cas." He watched as her face morphed into anguish like she was remembering nightmares of her own past. Pulling out two chairs, they sat side by side as she confessed "It was not always this easy. Before I joined The Hunters, I used to work at RRE."
He sees Benny's face shouting something at him. He groans at the sunlight hitting him and in a quick movement the face is changed. He sees the omega, his omega whom his mind subconsciously memorized looming over at him, the wind fanning his dark locks, a smile greeting his chapped pink lips, he looks like an angel. The omega blinks at him smiling and Dean hears him whisper "
What does the word have to do with his wedding night? The raven-haired omega shook his head frustrated, if he kept listening to Gabe then he would probably lose all his mental capacity. "Are you here just to teach me new words, Gabe?"
Gabe asked angry "Where is he now?" He can't believe this mortal, how could he do that to those people. He was so close slamming the guy's face on the table.
Cas swallowed large gulps of air before shouting "Don't you have any manners? Barging in like you own this place?" He scoffed before thinking over his words, that was dumb.
"You bet." She smirked leaning on the glass counter "The Big B has passed around your photos to keep a safe eye on you. You must be pretty special to the Alpha."
"Alfie?" The omega tilted his head at Dean after circling around the large bedroom.
"Cas...I'm...sorry...baby..." Dean says, his voice coming as gurgles, his eyes downcast. Cas smiles still and climbs over his husband shoulder, running his small hands through the hair.
"I'm a technocrat, computer specialist." She responded stiffly like Cas has critized her.
"My Lord, the prince is not in his room." One of the guards explained he was terrified, he failed on finding the King's desired, the man could slaughter him without blinking. Behold stood Dean Winchester tall in his dark clothing and armor with animal fur around his strong shoulders piercing at the Beta in front of him, his jaw grinding.
The omega was grateful that he was leaning on the table because his legs were about to give out when Dean's pressed to his back. "D-dean...what are you doing?" He asked staring at the bowl, he didn't turn to look at the man because he was sure that the Alpha was so close that they might kiss if he did.
Dean gulps down his whiskey with a grimace and warns "She can but if she touched Cas again, I would have to put her down."
Cas looks at Beta with a menacing look, he is
*************************
pervert Hercules in the same room as him. Castiel has his dignity, so he decides to ask the man to leave the room politely while he gets cleaned up. He holds out his finger warily and pokes at the strapping bicep.
"Okay me and Claire will take the barn, Gabe and Crowley will take the cottage." Cas confirmed with others and strolled towards the barn. When he was close to the door, he stopped and turned towards Claire, squating he begged "Honey, why don't you stay here while I go in?"
problems even after doing checkup he found out its not such a big issue. He fainted because he didn't eat that day and the sun was boiling him.
Michael puts his palm over Lucifer's mouth when the man looks like he is just going to do what Cas said. Michael says fondly shaking his head "Babe stop." Lucifer's eyes dance with mischief as he kisses the palm over his mouth making Michael blush and Castiel coo at the couple.
Cas jumps for the camera unbuckling his seat belt, "How dare you? You can't take my pictures without my permission." He leaps for the phone but Dean is fast, he swings his phone to other hand dropping on the sear. He catches hold of the hand coming at him smugly, making Cas fall on top of Dean with his other hand grasping the headrest trying to keep himself upright. From this close, Cas can see a speck of gold lying underneath the green eyes.
"It was God? Wasn't it?" Cas felt bad that he was going to break her illusion of their Father.
The omega gripped on the lapels of Dean's tunic trying to explain "I have a fiancee waiting for me, my brother has given him his word."
Ami :  Friend
When he's stepping through the threshold, he double takes. The place is bigger than his own apartment couches, coffee table, old antics decorating the walls, exotic flowers on vases, the room is lighted pale yellow from lamps but what caught most of the attention was the decoration near the fireplace or mostly the large canvas above it.
When the reunion is over Cas introduces Dean to Gabe who screams at how someone as sweet as Cas could marry someone as bonehead as Dean. Dean growls and leaps forward probably to burn the fawn alive, who is uncaring of Dean's demeanor and just rolls his eyes.
, with
Dean kneeled beside Cas and kneaded gently on his head to soothe any oncoming headaches. Suddenly, Cas was very playful and splashed him with water giggling. Spitting out water to the side, Dean opened his eyes to see his omega looking mischievously at him.
"The container which contained the prescription drugs has gone missing on the way. We have a slight guess that who did it but we still don't know who leaked the information." Dean frowns, his eyes darkens at the information Bobby gives him. All the playful air vanishes as Dean's pupils dilated covering even the white. His eyes are black with only dots of red between them.
*******************
Dean hands his best friend the binoculars still keeping an eye at the place where he saw the guy. He smiles when Benny chuckles "Brotha, you gotta be careful. Beautiful fellas like that are heaven for eyes, hell for the soul-"
' I want you to park that big Mack truck
Dean catches his blue eye colour, calming as ocean. Yeah, Dean could stay. He didn't want anything else but now he does. So he stayed. For
Cas sighs "Dean you don't know but God helped. More than- " before he could finish Dean cuts him off "Your saying that cause he brought you back. What about Sam? What about my grand prize? All I got is my brothers in a hole."
Cas nodded, licking his lips uncomfortable at the undivided attention Dean was giving him. "Well... I do have siblings, 2 exactly. They are kind of the reason for my job."
"As you wish, we can discuss something else."
I wrote this while my mom is screaming at me 😅
The omega stares at his castle, his home, his
How much that meant to Cas nobody will ever realize that. He gasps out for breath, sniffing. He stops when a soft touch roams through his hair, he looks beside him to see none other Crowley of all people doing that. But he doesn't cringe and just puts his head on the demon's shoulder who keeps the gentle touch.
Unlocking the door, he passed by the Alpha staring away. He screamed when Dean caught him by his wrist and turned him towards himself wrapping his other hand around Cas's hip. The omega's hand flew to the blonde's chest, staring up with a rabbit heart.
"You never cease to amaze me, Sweetheart." He does not blush at the word of endearment, it's just hot in here. Licking his lips Dean comes close to him again but this time Cas does not flinch thinking the Alpha is again going to do one of his dumb tricks.
Cas snaps back to himself and runs towards his sibling gripping his arms, looking him up and down for injuries asking hardly "W-why? What happened? Is everything alright? Where's Michael or-or Luci? Are-"
Before Lucifer could say something, Michael butted in "Hey listen if you want then we can come there to help you out wit-"
He winced pulling the phone away from his ear, maybe that wasn't the best thing to say to his mama bear kind of brother.
Dean snickered looking at the scratch marks decorating his brother's arm and Benny's face who was looking through the magazine with furrowed eyebrows, an ice pack on his neck, and headphones on. Both victims looked at their leader with twin bitchfaces as Sam shook his head looking at his brother in betrayal "Not cool man."
Cas swallows, despite the pressure on his neck. Breathing heavily he snarls back " Or what?"
Cas was proud of the Alpha's courage to say his emotions out loud since Alpha's tended to be ferocious beings loathing any show of emotions. "Does...Dean knows about what happened...with you?"
"Good night, Kitten." Hearing this, Cas hisses at Dean over his shoulder, muttering "Asswipe"
"You think you're funny huh?" He said, pressing Cas with an intimidating look. He sputtered shocked when Cas bopped his nose laughing. His stomach warmed pleasantly gazing at Cas so carefree, he thought maybe the omega would've reacted this way if he never knew about Dean's life. Maybe the mobster did everything the wrong way.
Sam looks his brother with an awkward smile as he says grimacing "You might want to have a look, Dean."
Crowley eyes snap from his boyfriend to his surrogate son "Dean, your omega's a kinky one. He will fit right in with us." The others chuckle with him as Dean's confusion only brightens.
Cas shrugged cutting the meatball with his fork "Twenty. Started as an internship but now I'm one of the best employees."
"Can you not say about...killing..so easily?" The omega mumbled, horrified.
Filling another crossword puzzle the Irish man replies still looking at his puzzle "I think they are enjoying themselves in there, brotha."
Cas asks confused "Airport? Why do you mean? Where are we going?"
He goes back towards the sink to see the item of his need. He frowns when he finds a lot of and he means LOTS of bobby pins. Does this mean Dean already have some potential lover? Or maybe there were people before him? Is this some kind of kink Dean Winchester enjoys?
It will be good if Dean found someone else then he will be free from his chains. He can go back to his brothers and forget about all of this, maybe. In the end, Cas cries himself to sleep not registering someone entering the room behind him.
Cas can feel his dick twitch, and what he can guess and feel, something is definitely going down on Dean's pants. He looks up at the ceiling of the Cadillac ST5 feeling a blush creep up his body. Dean runs his hand to his side, still keeping one of Cas' hand locked in his. Cas feels his toes curl when Dean pants on his sternum, "Oh baby boy, you're making this very pleasing."
Oh my fucking God, Cas has said 'YES'. What do you think of this chapter, though?
Cas hurried by the corridors with his brother, their robes ruffling with each movement. Swords in each of the omega's hands, the raven-haired omega carried a silver pointed sword that was named 'The Angel Sword'. They weren't the strongest but can protect themselves, though Cas was not very fond of the idea of blood or death.
Dean smiles, damn Cas is his soulmate. He rubs back of his neck as he says awkward "Cas....I don't have lube or..condom." He laughs nervously, well he didn't plan for this, he thought if he ever got the chance to be with Cas, their time will be spend in security of bedroom.
He brakes into a run, but he barely makes three steps when he is hoisted up by an arm around his middle and thrown into the nearby couch. Cas struggles, flailing his arms until the Alpha, pins him down with his weight.
"Sam's calling me," Cas says looking at Gabe, the first time he heard Sam's voice and he wants to go, see how the boys are doing, check on them if they have gotten hurt somehow.
"Sam, take him to his room."
************************
The archangel scowls for a second but it turns to sadness when he can feel hurt in Crowley's words about Bobby which is rare like God coming back. He drops his head back on the demon's shoulder and starts "I came to ask for Dean's help with Raphael,"
Cas doesn't give a reply shrugging, anxiously his eyes flicking to the window and the rest of the group.
Dean's hand snap towards him, sinking at the back of his neck in a tight grip before spinning him around. Cas's lips parted a gasp stuttering out of them when Dean's lips sink in a kiss, their body's pressed together again. He keeps eye contact with the Alpha's venomous look trying not to cower from the show of dominance, but at last, his gaze drops to the man in submission. Cas holds in a groan when his cock rubs on others.
The older brother ties the shoelaces, but the new archangel keeps his gaze on the station worried about the young girl. "Gabe, hurry."
Cas sniffles, his chest heaving as he looks up at the green eyes. He bites his lips and puts his not caged hand on Dean's chest. "I have to pee." Cas pouts at the Alpha who looks at him with raised eyebrows before blinking and shaking his head fondly as he looks at his captivating future mate.
No, he was not. Dean was forcing him, he couldn't hold back the Alpha that will be impossible. The blonde man was bigger and taller than him, he can't overpower him. But he was not going to make this easy for Dean, the Alpha has him pinned to the bed with both of his wide arms on each side of Cas's head. "Look at me, angel."
Just then Crowley emerged on the couch, swirling a wine glass "Gabriel's right. They are just at Illinois station for the blast that happened yesterday."
"We need to go back for Lucifer and Michael." He expressed pleading, Mich is pregnant. The baby could get hurt and his brother-in-law had gone to see Lucifer who can only be present in the war room at the moment. Gabriel turned to him holding back his tears.
Questions roam inside Castiel's mind, he doesn't even want to imagine what happened with others. But good for him, he got these clips and he's not looking for a stay. He runs to the door sneakily.
"I told you that I should take Sam but you said you can handle it and something about my 'soft hands should not touch harsh repulsive things?'" he tilts his head at Balthazar in question.
Cas back."
"Morning Sunshine. Lunch?" Dean asked sitted on a rock, his eyes moved to Cas's limbs attached to the two men with a frown, both of them stepped back quickly since they held no death wish. Cas rolled his eyes but settled himself beside Dean, the trio sat themselves on the ground with Jo trying to steal Benny's bacon.
The 10 soldiers who were gone to get more information on the Winchesters, only 4 of them have returned and with no clue about their little brother. The anger was fair but not what they needed now.
John Winchester was Henry's only child, he lost his father when he was 11 yrs old but he still had his dad's trusted sidekick. When he was 27 years old, he met an omega named Mary, the love of his life. But her family were not fond of John. Don't think that Mary was some damsel in distress, for an omega she could fight better than the Alphas. So they ran away together and got married.
But, of course, he will deny it. He looked at her incredulously and said "Why would I dress up for him? I don't care what he thinks of me."
"Luci, Calm down. You will open your wounds again." Gabriel said over his brother's voice. The King has woken up and Gabe now regrets saying about Castiel's abduction.
"Oh Really? You can survive without a horse, any food or... water, just alone..." Dean asked him with a raised eyebrow, Cas held the deepest urge to punch him right now. He was going to get exiled without a drop of water, that is so unfair.
He doesn't have the time to look around since Dean puts his hand over his eyes. He screams pulling at the hand, scared that this where Dean is going to end this whole ordeal by killing him. But Dean stops his flailing "Cas, it's a surprise that is why I am covering your eyes."
Cas raises his eyebrows because What the heck? He is someone's wet dream, what imagination is the Alpha going on about?
In haste all the questions jump out of his mouth quickly. He pushes himself to his feet, regretting now that he wore heels,
Cas stands more linear and opens his arms, carded with blue robes decorated with swirls of pearl which reach below his feet. He breaths in one time before he starts flying, he giggles and flies out of the cave, Sam following behind him, Cas unfreezes the snow from trees, ground decorating them with green grass and small flowers.
Cas pants harder and harder with each word coming out of Dean's mouth, as he keeps kneading the omega's cock pleasurably. He can feel his cock leaking some precum, Cas just wants to reach out and tug himself, "Look at you, still denying it even though you want it."
He looks around the room for another possible way out. He lunges for the window, sliding the curtains to the side to see through the window. He exhales happily when he sees it's not locked. He opens it and looks down before he pulls back with an yelp. He quivers thinking about the distance between him and the ground. Even with his cat ability, he will simply become an omelet.
Letting out a broken whimper he turned to Dean "I will go with you."
Cas eyes grew wide as he paled, "Punishment, why? For what?" He didn't do anything, what is he getting punished for?
The Alpha let out a breath of laugh "I'm not for Chick-Flick movements but...with you,Cas..." He blushed when Dean put both of his palms over his cheeks, rubbing on the cheekbones "It's natural. You are my kitten."
leave him in the forest and go on his own just to teach him a lesson for denying.
"Stop." Cas was about to scream more loudly when the weight was wrenched off of him and it all happened in seconds Dean was in front of him with two guns pulled out towards the man who had assaulted him. He looked around to see every Hunter soldier has pulled out their weapons aiming at the other party. He felt his knees go weak, terrified.
himself here.
Cas's dress:
On his part Dean is enjoying every moan, groan coming from his angel's mouth. The taste of Cas on his tongue, the warmth of both their bodies, he bites the nipple making it red and raw. His cock is getting painfully hard in his pants and he is sure Cas is in the same position.
Cas frowned at Gabriel who shrugged "Your communication skills are bad brother, sorry not sorry." The angel looked at the archangel gobsmacked while Claire chuckled from between them, she was holding both Gabriel and Castiel's hands.
Cas looked down at his slippers, not feeling like eating anymore. His stomach was in knots and he felt like puking out everything. Somehow Jo's word has more effect even though he already knew about his condition.
The curtains to the tent opened again, as Dean barged in. His face coiled in desperation to see his mate, he has started running just as the news of the omega falling traveled to him. Both the other occupants backed away, knowing to not stay close to someone's omega around their Alpha.
Castiel blushes and pushes his brother out of the bathroom getting in. He takes a warm shower, shampoos his hair before he comes out, and dries it. He looks in the mirror, rubbing his jaw, and decides to shave, after that he makes faces at the mirror singing along WAP by Cardi B. If his parents heard this they might have had gotten a heart attack.
Cas eyes catch water droplets going down the glorious abs, as his eyes inches down. His blue eyes settle on something thick, long, and broad surrounded by thick black curls. Cas feels his own cock harden just by looking at Alpha's girth, he turns away feeling ashamed of himself.
She wimpered and panted, "Because..you-you're not him...you changed Castiel." Blood gurgled in her throat as she choked out "Your...an angel...Please ta-take care of C-Claire for me."
Cas bites his lips to not scream but at the end he does as he cums on Dean's hand. "Ahh" His pants heavily. Dean's breathing down his neck. The hunter leaves trails of kisses from his ear to back making smacking noises.
Gabe from his place beside Crowley, looked befuddled as he shrieked "Wait what?" He was not having his pregnant brother roam around everywhere in search for his vessel's wife.
"Dean Winchester, you are a coward. Afraid of speaking truth. Afraid to tell who you really are? You are just like your father a broken shell of an Alpha lost without its omega puss-"
The blue-eyed omega rolled his eyes good-naturedly at the slight sad pout over Michael's face, he quickly embraced the Queen omega in a hug "It's not like I'm going to leave you now. We have time." He whispered to the other's shoulder. Oh, how wrong he was.
" He says mockingly smiling at Cas, who looks back at him with an unimpressed eyebrow but still a smile breaks in his face, the boy reminds Cas of his brother Gabriel. Sam holds out his hand so Cas can get down from the stairs "You look nice."
Dean has a pretty good idea of what Cas is talking about. Last time Cas learned something from the video, Dean was overly jealous but now he is not since he is the one enjoying it. He nods dumbly, turned on.
But don't forget to share your thoughts in the comments, give me some love, give me some hate. See you on Friday, my unicorns~ 🦄
Horrified at the suggestion, Cas exclaims "Raphael, No. The apocalypse doesn't have to be fought."
me? You have never even been to Kansas, where are you going to live? And what about your job here? How are-"
Cas looks outside the window sulking, his arms crossed over his chest, butt hurt from the spanking. He is practically attached to the door, not wanting any closeness with Hunter's leader. He can't believe Dean's audacity and also himself for getting turned on when Dean slapped his rear. One thing he is grateful for is that the Alpha has put on a soft towel with ice for his swollen ass cheeks in the seat. But if Dean thinks with doing this tender act, he will make Cas his boytoy, then he's so wrong Cas is not that easy to fall.
(See the end of the chapter for
When they were infront of a big gate, Cas was a little confused. The room looked big enough to not just be for a mere guest even if the said guest was King's future mate. "Alfie made some changes so you could feel at home more." Dean directed as he held the door for him.
only, you are
. I was protecting you, I was protecting Castiel."
The archangel replies confidently "Me Castiel, The legion to me."
Cas graons in response bobbing his head fastly, he swallows little precum with his tongue and feels his crotch tightin' his pants. His whole body feels warm like Dean's cock. His drool keepz slipping down from his mouth but he keeps bopping his head. He leaves Dean's dick with a pop and pants a little, he starts licking the length from side, his right hand fondling with the balls. He looks up at Dean as he swallows him whole again.
Dean growled, he didn't appreciate his brother talking about his angel like that. "It's the best for now, I don't want any recruits close to my omega."
The older one is so tired that he doesn't even protest just falls into his numbness. He turns to Dean who kept watching him like a hawk, ready to tackle Cas if the omega tried something "Please...take them to the healer."
(See the end of the chapter for
The demon king groans rolling his eyes "I was here for a negotiation, but then I saw you cry and inner mother just sprang out like a bitch."
"No....yeah, I'm trying to get something good out of the situation okay?"
He wished half-heartedly that the omega was naked when he found him so Dean can glorify the beauty, but he also growled at the idea of someone else's eyes on Cas. He wanted the Angel of Heaven all to himself, and he was itching to get his hands on Cas. The omega will be his Queen, rule beside him.
Both other occupants of the room just stare at the newest archangel confused ".........What?"
"I walked more than you Okay?" Benny cut him off with a snarl, "It's Charlie's fault I got distracted. If she hadn't been waving her hands like a lunatic, I wouldn't have."
He huffs and crosses his arms over his chest like a petulant child. He looks at Dean who has amusement in his eyes, the Alpha ducks his head chuckling, Cas wants to strangle himself when he feels a pleasant sensation in his heart for making his-NO- the Alpha happy. So he settles for scowling at the man instead.
He downed the water, staring at the end of the bronze glass not letting Gabriel see the vulnerability in his eyes. But of course, Gabe wasn't like that, his brother cared for him too much without showing. The shorter male wrapped his arms around Cas snuggling to his side "Hey, don't worry if you leave with Balth then I will come along."
"You are lying," Cas argued, and just as that, he saw the calm fondness in the man's eyes change into blazing anger but the omega didn't back down, he wasn't going to roll over for some unknown Alpha. "I will ask again, who are you?"
Dean is sitting on the head chair in the conference room, people occupying each seat around the round table. Sammy in his right and Bobby at his left as they listen to the asshole who took their money make excuses.
Cas lets out shaky breaths, his chattering. He figured that on the night of his kidnapping when he saw Dean's eye it was just his imagination but it seems like everything was real. After the adrenaline is somewhat lowered, he whines registering the pain in his right hand, and wrist.
"Oh, I wouldn't let him walk for days." Dean boasted leaving blue eyed male speechless, breathing like fish out of water.
Cas sighs happily carding his fingers through Sam's fur. His eyes snap open when a chilly wind blows against his face. He pulls away from Sam as they both look towards the entrance, a long path of snow covered road, trees lacking their leaves.
"Still so innocent" The man remarked circling around them, the man gave a blissful sigh "Truth to be told, that is the thing every one loves about you. I still remember how I was so breath taken by
