“I was there for something else. I bribed the guard to let me in. I was using the Gala as a cover to get into the ballroom.” John said.
“You must be mistaken. Your brother, your pack alpha has assured me that we will be bonded in less than two weeks.” Magnussen said calmly ignoring John’s glares.
The guard’s face paled under his tattoos. He glanced over his shoulder and then back at the two men. He grabbed Wiggins and Sherlock by the shoulder and pushed them through the door and into the opium den.
John glanced over his shoulder at the man laying down in his bed. The dark tan and broad shoulders. The blonde hair that was now spiky with sweat. The smell of sex hanging in the air. It just seemed simpler to lay back down and go to sleep, but something was nagging John. Some thought he couldn’t completely grasp and understand. It just felt wrong.
“I’d say so.” She giggled. “Had me twice and Georgia once. You were primed and ready to fire as soon as you climbed those stairs last night.”
“Out.” Sherlock said, then returned his attention to the photo of John and James. He opened the drawer of his desk and slipped it under some papers before closing the drawer. “Now, if that was all you needed, I am going out.”
Sherlock glanced away from the insanity that he saw in the man’s eyes. For a moment Sherlock wonder if it had always been there but he had been too distracted by the drugs to notice it before. Or had the twelve hours Jocko had beaten and tortured the man cause the fissure to open up in Jim Moriarty’s soul and allowed the monster to escape.
Blackwood bent down and rolled James’s body over. The man’s eyes were still open. The hole in chest was right over his heart. The bullet had pasted through him and into John’s shoulder.
The first night John worked at Frankie’s, he broke three glasses. The cost of three glasses came out of his share of the tips. The next night, he had his arse pinched. He spun around to punch the pincher only to see one of the bouncers pull the guy up by his shoulders and push him towards the door. After a week, he quit blushing when he had to ask a new customer if they would like a ‘Blowjob’. He had several takers who were surprised when John set a small glass on the counter of Baily’s, Kahlua, and whip cream.
When John came back to the table, Sherlock seemed apprehensive. “John . . . ah, while I consider myself married to my work, I am flattered by your . . .”
Mary blinked her eyes. He thought she was going to get angry. Maybe even start yelling at him. Mary’s eyes scrutinized him closely.
“You’re not going to try and convince me you are a virgin, John.” Sherlock said as he returned to kissing John’s mouth. John moaned.
Mycroft cocked his head to the side and turned to look at his brother. “Brother dear, I’m not omnipotent. I do not have the power to control the hereafter.”
“No . . . I wouldn’t. I mean, there is nothing that would make anyone think that you . . . there isn’t is there . . . anything that would lead the police to you and your friend?”
John and James looked at each other. Then John reached out and placed his hand on Sherlock’s forearm.
“Your boyfriend is being run out of town tonight. I was told to pick you up and keep you safe until it is all over.” Ryan said as he pushed John in the opposite direction from St. Bart’s Hospital.
Anger boiled inside John. The anger and fear he felt as a child. All the shame and anxiety of living with an abuser.
John leaned up on his knees. His cock heavy and full, pushed at Sherlock’s softened entrance. John pressed his hand down on the small of Sherlock’s back and omega obeyed and arched up into the alpha. John watched as Sherlock’s body greedily accepted him. Plunging deeper into the hot velvet sheath of Sherlock’s body. Both men groaned loudly when John’s balls were pressed tight to Sherlock’s.
John gritted his teeth and stepped forward again. He found the bullet quickly and removed, none to gently. Sherlock hissed as the lump of lead was yanked from his muscle. John wiped the area again with the betadine and started to suture the edges together.
Sherlock watched him for several seconds running a series of ideas through his head. He had numerous suggestions on how John could thank him. Most of them included the two of them being alone in a bedroom. He was about to make a suggestion when John’s mobile rang. The same mobile Sherlock had given him. John pulled it from his pocket and looked confused at the number.
For a moment he was taken back to a flat just off Regent Park. He wondered how many times he had stared into that same face and wondered how he was so lucky to have Sherlock Holmes in his life. He honestly couldn’t say that now, but he was happy Sherlock would be alright.
“Then the three days before your heat, you will need to stay here in the flat. Don’t go out at all. I’ll need to leave. Also, I need you to promise me that you will not let any other alpha touch you, even casually.” The tall detective started pacing around the room.
John crossed his arms over his chest and rocked back on his heels. “You can demand all you want but it won’t matter to me. Do you have two thousand pounds to pay me?”
“Alright, then maybe I can convince the general that it was a head injury that made you do what you did . . . abandon your post in a time of war. You’re just an over protective commander concerned for his soldier, but Seb . . . your career as a soldier . . . you fucked it over you know.”
“There are two possibilities. First, it was just a coincident that John is now dating one of Moriarty’s men. But . . .”
The girth of the alpha cock was almost too much for Sherlock. Even after the preparation and his slick easing the way, John’s member stretched the omega to his limits. The burn grew then blossomed into warm pleasure. A wave of hedonism moved through Sherlock’s body. He moaned and pushed back to take more of the alpha in. He could feel the swelling knot and instead of fearing it, he craved the greater stretch.
His attention was brought back to Sherlock when the omega whined at him. John focused on Sherlock and what he was able to give the man right now. What he do to make Sherlock beg again. John added a second finger as his other hand wrapped around smaller omega penis and slowly started to stroke him.
“The date is irrelevant. People who bath in the Nile River today still become infected.” Sherlock said as he turned the page.
“No, but something made him do this. Guilt is a probable cause. Besides too many people have been hurt lately. Too many people associated with Holmes. It is the safest thing to do.”
The pain was instant. A searing burning pain right through his left shoulder. His arm went numb and he fell backwards onto Huntley. His helmet flew off his head and rolled down the ravine.
“John, she died years ago. You need to move on. There is so much more life in the world. You don’t need to throw what is left of yours away. Mary wouldn’t want that for you.”
“Couldn’t live anywhere else, really. Kicked around for a few months. Tried this and that. Then a friend offered me this job. Not as exciting as Helmand Province but getting to clear the pub on Friday night of football fans can be fun.”
“I know I’m on your ship and we are presently sailing away from Barbados but other than that, I have no idea where I am?
“I thought that I could do more good back at Bastion or in Kandahar but now . . .” He looked out at the laughing and shouting men. “Now I think I can do good here.”
“Babcock made it different. Time has made it different. If we . . . well we can’t for the sake of the Morstan and her crew. We can’t.”
“Or what? You will call the police?” Magnussen laughed again. “I think not. Besides, if they ask who gave me such a highly classified defense document, then I will be forced to tell them. You don’t want that, do you? No. We will continue as I have chosen. I will bond with Sherlock Holmes and Mycroft Holmes will become irrelevant. And you, my dear Jim, will plot your little revenges without me.”
It began in earnest. John struggled and Sherlock held him tight. The doctor was constantly informing them how far they had come but also how far they needed to go. Sherlock watched as John concentrated on his body and his child. John’s single focus on bring another life into the world. The determination of the soldier reemerged from John. His willingness to endure the pain over and over again brought Sherlock to tears.
“Of course, captain. Let’s make haste.” He felt dizzy and wanted to sit back down. Mycroft reached out and rested his fingertips on the top of his desk to steady himself.
The door opened and John came in carrying a tray with coffee and scones. He watched for a moment as Sherlock hopped around trying to pull his pants up while also reaching for his trousers.
“Fuck . . . is it going to be like that every time we . . .” John broke off his comment as he slipped a hand under Sherlock and rolled the two of them up on their sides. John threw a leg over Sherlock’s hip and pulled the younger man into his chest. A protective arm wrapped around Sherlock’s body.
John was so caught up in his memories he didn’t notice the car parked next to the curb. The phone Sherlock had given him buzzed in his pocket and John immediately pulled it out. The caller id was blocked.
Thank you for the wonderful comments. It does make it easier to write when I know someone is enjoying the story. I do tend to update quickly but that is dependent on my job. RL must come first. Also I know nothing about military life so please forgive the glaring mistakes I make in regards to the time in the Army.
“I don’t have an alpha.” Sherlock said calmly as he glanced down at the suitcase, studying the locks.
They kissed and kissed. Warm, affectionate kisses than were for their own sake. Not meaning to lead towards anything more than to just be together. Then they kissed some more. Moving to the sofa, then leaning against the wall leading to Sherlock’s bedroom. Then into the bedroom.
A low rumbling growl came out of John again. He knew it was unusual for them to allow Sherlock to remain with him now in hospital. But the idea of being separated from his omega for any time at all was overwhelming.
“Hello pet, your brother’s goons are right on my heels. I’ll have to collect later. You better be at your very best when I call.”
Moriarty looked carefully at Moran then slowly smiled. “You really shouldn’t think me so gullible, darling. I know you find the little doctor adorable. I’m sure he is a good shag. You know . . . a tight arse that hasn’t been over used. Maybe, I’ll set him up in one of my brothels. He can service my special clients who have specific tastes that include causing pain.”
“No . . . I mean, yes and no . . . I never expected to be bonded. I never thought I would want an alpha, then after I was shot . . . I never thought I would find one who would want me.”
“He is a big embarrassment to the military. He has been hiding from them since he escaped Russia nine years ago. He has been living in hiding. Apparently, the Russians learned where he was and that he was living under the name of Liski. They couldn’t petition the government to extradite him back to Russia without admitting what he had done. So they sent in an assassin to kill him.”
John could see the crushed expression on the younger man’s face. But John couldn’t let his sympathies ruin his future. He needed to be on the rugby team because he needed the scholarship to stay in school. He needed to stay in school to become a doctor, because that is all he ever wanted to be since he was a young boy. John had a plan. A path to get to where he wanted to be. And a dalliance with another male student wasn’t anywhere along that path.
The message was repeated across the ship and seconds later the gun ports on the lower deck were open and a single cannon was rolled into position. Just as the smaller boat was pulled up and onto the deck, the ship rocked to the side with the shot.
Sherlock came into his flat to find his flat-mate, Victor Trevor, sprawled across their couch. The omega was still wearing his dressing gown and pajamas. An ashtray with several stubbed out cigarettes butts was sitting on Victor’s chest.
“Because whoever this is . . . knows what he is doing. He won’t be caught on something as simple as a camera.”
Again he paused and listened. Nothing seemed out of place as he stood on the roof of the building. No one was shouting and there were no alarms.
“If you are interested in remedying your virginity, let me know.” Sherlock said as his voice dipped down to a lower octave. He noticed John didn’t pull out his touch.
John held his hand out and Greg Lestrade took it and shook it vigorously. Ryan and Jerry glanced at each other wondering if they had been set up.
He swung the whip and it landed perfectly on John’s back. Right across his shoulder blades. John struggled to hold his scream in. He squeezed his eyes tight as he gasped for breath through the pain. Red streaks appeared on John’s back. Magnussen stepped closer and looked.
Harriet Watson came out of the tiny room. She weaved slightly as she bounced off the door frame. In her hands were several bottles of shampoo, conditioner, toothpaste and other toiletries.
Greg pushed passed Donavan and opened the door to his office. Just as Donavan had warned him, Greg found Mycroft Holmes sitting stiffly in the office. The man’s back was ramrod straight as if he was afraid if he lean against anything, he would soil his expensive suit.
John refused to look at the other man. He yanked on his coat and tossed it at the couch once he had it off. He wanted a drink but he didn’t think he had anything harder than beer in the flat.
John wanted to argue with his commanding officer but he knew the man was right. He was needed at Sangin and there would be nothing he could do for James that couldn’t be done by Aubrey. He stepped back.
“The guards who were bring him back from the border were attacked. Wilkes and Van Coons are both dead.” Anthea said.
“We can both agree that my father was weak, but you didn’t take over from him. There was someone else who wouldn’t let me join this family. There was someone else who insisted that Siger give me up for adoption after my mother finally succumb to your cruelty.”
Four months later, Moran found himself back in London with his bond mate. Something had been bothering James since the bombing of a German aircraft. He had received a phone call that very night from Yemen. It had interrupted them having sex. After the call, James got out of bed and quickly dressed. He left Moran laying in the bed with an aching hard cock and a head full of self-hatred.
They stood there kissing and rubbing against each other for several minutes when Sherlock abruptly stopped and leaned back.
The young nurse glanced over to the empty bed. She stood up and looked at the other patients in the other beds. “He was here a few minutes ago. I don’t know. He couldn’t have gotten very far. I mean he just had a visitor.”
Outside the overturn vehicle, gunfire rattled the morning air around them. There were shouts and the sound of bullets piercing metal.
“I had just been promoted to detective. My first call out for an unexplained death. Looked like a simple drowning. Nothing suspicious . . . then this kid comes bounding in and claims it’s a murder.” Lestrade finally looks up from his coffee cup and right at John. “He was high as a kite. I threw him in the back of a patrol car and called his family. His brother showed up. Poncy bastard. He took Sherlock away and I tried to not think anything more about it.”
“With that gun in your hand?” Frankie looked down at the Sig Sauer in John’s hand. “That ain’t your style, John.”
Magnussen looked down, smirking. “There is that silly emotion embarrassment again. Such a waste of effort. If they had only done as they were asked they could have saved themselves. Secrets, so many secrets. Do you have any, my lovely?”
Sherlock let a small smile skim over his face briefly. “What I’m trying to say is I wasn’t upset that you kissed me. I’m just sorry I didn’t get to kiss you back – or you didn’t stay to see what might happen next.”
Renfrew Road was lit up with emergency vehicles and police cars. Flashing lights of blue and red swept the street with alternating hues as people stood and watched the excitement.
The crime rate seemed to have remained the same but the criminals had become far more inept and foolish. The well-planned crime was no longer taking place. It made Mycroft smile. Maybe Sherlock was correct in his assumption that Jim Moriarty had been the leader of the organization and that he had been eliminated in jail by a rival.
Thank you for the wonderful comments and encouragement. The next chapter will be in a few days but I'm writing faster than I thought I would so maybe sooner.
Mycroft tipped his chin up in an affect of superiority. Sherlock rolled his eyes at his brother and sighed.
It was a whisper but it right by his ear. He heard it clearly. He heard the need and desperation in the stranger’s voice.
“What did he want? Who let him in here?” Mycroft said as he took two glasses of champagne from a serving tray and handed one to Lady Smallwood.
McMillian smiled once, then moved too quickly for anyone to see. His fist punched the man in his solarplexis. The SAS officer gasped. He started to double over, when Sean used the heel of his palm and hit the man’s face. The dull crack of breaking bones let Sean know he had broken the man’s nose.
Mycroft glanced up. His lips pulled down in a slight pout. He hated being disturbed and Anthea knew it. She would only bother him unless it was an emergency.
John’s flat was depressing. The main area of the flat was a sitting room/kitchen combo that smelled of old grease. The furniture appeared to be a cheap flat pack style. Fiber board and veneer. The couch was small. Sherlock doubted even John could lay down on it comfortably. John’s computer was set up on the kitchen table as was a small telly. It looked like John watched tv while he ate.
“I have been a good soldier for you. I have done everything you have asked of me. I want the Holmes omega as payment for a job well done.” Moran said as he pulled his shoulders back and tried to look like the army officer he once was.
“Yes, I told you we were thinking about it, but we never did it. And you can’t be arrested yet for what you are thinking about.” John smiled.
“I’m not lusting. I don’t want to snog him. And we aren’t shagging. He’s just my friend.” John tried to explain. He had never mentioned that he and Sherlock had already kissed.
John’s flat was in the basement of the building. A garden level flat with a separate entrance. Sherlock had stood on the opposite side of the street for two hours watching the building. He couldn’t see John’s door from where he was. He paced back and forth wondering what would happen if he went over and knocked on the door.
James Moriarty never approached Moran again for sex, but the morning in Singapore still blazed through Moran’s mind. He had to allow James to rape him, knowing he wouldn’t have made it out of the hotel alive. He had watched James do it to other alphas. He had killed alphas who had refused him. Moran met the sniper who had been assigned to shoot him, if Moriarty hadn’t stepped out of the hotel room first. He took pleasure is squeezing the man’s throat till he couldn’t breathe, several months later.
“This will provide you with the necessary inducement to encourage Smallwood to agree to the betrayal.” Jim said as he held up the memory stick.
He turned as walked down the hall till he found a bedroom. The only indication it was a bedroom was the presence of a bed. The covers were old and thread bare. He stepped in and looked around. There were no personal items. No clothes, photos, just empty food containers. He started to leave when he caught the scent. He paused and turned back to the bed. Stepping forward the scent grew stronger. John.
They left the curtains open. The lights of late night London shone into the room and onto Sherlock’s body. The omega’s flawless ivory skin paled in the light, turning so pale it almost appeared translucent. Sherlock was kneeling over John’s lap. His long frame stretched bowstring tight, as he rode the alpha’s cock. Sherlock leaned back, placing his hands on John’s muscular thighs. Rocking back and forth, he groaned. His entrance being teased by John’s grown knot.
“Brought you a little getting to know you present.” The detective said to the empty room. He spun around looking. Moran watched from his perch, as the young alpha held up the memory stick. “That’s what it’s all been for, hasn’t it.”
John leaned over and kissed Sherlock’s lips. “Promise. I’ll be here every night to tuck you into bed.”
Mycroft shrugged his shoulders and looked away. He smelled how his brother’s scent had changed again to distress and fear. John’s alpha scent became stronger as he became more protective.
“So, you have a photo of the two of us in a car. Are you asking if we saw anything that day? You’ll have to tell me which day it was. I don’t recall witnessing any robbery since I returned to London.” John said as impassively as he could.
“My informant within Scotland Yard relayed Gregory’s report to me. It contained John’s statement from his interview with the police earlier today.”
He stepped forward as the woman behind the counter looked up with a feign smile on her face. The smile slipped away when she noticed the visitors were the police.
“It’ll be fine . . . just as long as you are with me.” John hummed as he dragged his nose through Sherlock’s curls.
John pushed with his shoulder and the door groaned as it opened. Several boxes had be stacked by the door and they tipped over as John pushed his way into the basement. They crashed to the floor. Broken bottles and spilled alcohol covered the old stone floor.
Sherlock continued to circle the room. His senses told him something was wrong. Something was off. He carefully parted the closed curtains and gazed out the window. The streetlights were on now but no one seemed to be about. The street was empty. Not even pedestrians were about. The hairs rose on the back of Sherlock’s neck.
“Sherlock can take himself home. You need to explain something to me.” Greg said. John glared back at the man but didn’t say anything. “I have some questions about an armored car robbery.”
Sherlock grabbed the bill and shoved it into his shirt. Then he picked up the emerald necklace and started to walk out of the room. The boat shifted and groaned. The deck tilted and Sherlock was thrown to the floor. The Speckled Band was going down.
John shoved James back and staggered to the door. The men were already assembled on deck to bury their friends.
He start to march across the ballroom to see if Sherlock was out in the hallway leading into the ballroom, when one of the hotel waiters came up to him.
A sudden disagreeable chill ran up Sherlock’s spine. He didn’t need to turn around to see who the intruder was. He could smell the expensive aftershave and underneath, the scent of alpha. The light tapping of an umbrella tip on the floor was distinctive and telling. Mycroft was perturbed.
“What took you so long?” Sherlock whispered as he leaned forward wanting a kiss. He hesitated for John’s reply.
“I don’t care what you say John. I will always love you. I will always be there for you. And when you finally pull that head of yours out of your arse, I will still be there for you. Someday you will want to be in my bed. You will want me to kiss you. And someday, you will wear my ring. You’ll choose me because whoever he is, I’ll have treated you better than he did.”
“For the sake of scientific discovery.” Sherlock said dropping his voice to a deeper register. His ego crowed when he noticed John shiver at the sound of his voice.
“They’re coming in!” he shouted to men. John wondered where the rest of the squad was. Did they hear the gunfire and were making their way to them? Or had they been ambushed too and were now lying dead somewhere in the small community?
The accountant took out a notebook from his pocket and started to write down the information. His Waterman fountain pen scratching across the paper.
Mycroft sighed and reached down to pick up his briefcase. “I see. Detective Inspector Dimmit, you are aware that you are required to caution Mister Watson before questioning him and allow him time to contact his legal representation.”
He grabbed his mobile and started texting his assistant to check CCTV cameras around the hospital. He was going to find Sherlock and get this straightened out. He just finished the text when he noticed a photograph. It was on the floor, just under edge of the bed. Mycroft picked it up to look at it.
“The army?” John glance at the open door of the bedroom. He remembered the pamphlet about the clinical rotation in the RAMC. He hadn’t shown it to Sherlock. How the man could had known already that John had spoken to the recruiter? A sickening thought came to him. He turned back and narrowed his eyes on Sherlock. “You’ve been spying on me! Not you. I would have seen you. But someone else has been watching me for you!”
Sherlock smiled smugly at his brother. Mycroft didn’t appear amused by either Sherlock’s expression or John’s explanation.
“Yeah, the same. You and me.” James leaned forward to kiss John’s mouth, but the younger man twisted out of James’ arms and sat on the edge of the cot. “Don’t leave.”
John frowned. He was already angry having seen Sherlock the day before. Now he was expected to deal with Mycroft Holmes and his ‘cloak and dagger’ paranoia.
John pushed his meal away from himself. The owner came over to refill both mugs. He glared at Sholto.
“Long term relationships don’t work for me.” John said as he grabbed his clothes. “I guess I’m supposed to be alone.”
“That’s the problem. He would care too much, but he can’t. He needs to concentrate on not getting shot. On not getting killed.”
“I do not have to prove that I am a man.” John’s voice dropped to a rumble as he clinched his fists.
He walked up Baker Street wondering how he was going to convince the omega to go out to lunch with him. He just wanted to spend time with Sherlock. The strange omega interesting and intriguing. The look of surprise on Sherlock’s face when John had teased him about ‘the next date’ had been wonderful. The feeling that John could actually do something that the brilliant omega hadn’t anticipated was exhilarating. John wanted to do it again.
“He can visit you, but you are under arrest. You can’t have your omega beside you twenty-four seven. Are you expecting him to go to Belmarsh with you?” Greg asked.
Sherlock felt relieved. “I can honestly tell you, I don’t believe you could make it better. But if you want to try, I won’t be adverse to any attempt.”
“But of course.” Magnussen smiled. He stood up and turned to leave. He hesitated by the door. “It will be a simple affair. Only immediate family at the ceremony. Then, Sherlock and I will leave on a month long honeymoon in the Far East. I think two weeks will give you enough time to arrange the wedding. Also, I expect a dowry of five million pounds to be transferred into my accounts when you make the formal announcement.”
The sound of dropping swords could be heard across the ship. Lestrade stepped forward and pointed his sword at Roylott.
“The conservatorship. I have to obey him or he will have me locked up in a sanatorium again.” Sherlock tried to roll off John, but the doctor wouldn’t let go of him.
John turned and saw the open and friendly face of Wilderbrant. Wilderbrant’s blond hair almost looked white in the glaring and flashing lights of the bar. He was dressed in a simple oxford shirt and dark trousers.
“No one would be after us. No one would come after me. I keep telling you . . . it was Sherlock. They wanted Sherlock and killed James to get him.” John growled. In the back of John’s mind the name came quickly. The man who had been in the shadows as John and his men robbed.
John watched as the woman’s finger moved and the gun clicked. Dry fired. John released the breath he was holding and slumped in the chair.
John hesitated then took a step forward. He could feel his heart begin to beat faster and a warmth begin to fill him from his stomach outward. Just before the two men were close enough to let their lips brush, the front door of the flat kicked open. John jumped back from Sherlock. His heart pounding in double time.
A guard came up from the lower decks, pushing Sherlock in front of him. Sir Henry stared at the man for moment in astonishment. Then smiled.
The ringing of a phone was unwelcome. John stretched and heard the groaning complaint from the man asleep in his arms. John fished the phone out of the pocket of Sherlock’s trousers.
Mycroft looked at the various messages from individuals within the government who demanded he call them immediately.
John spent the next three days ducking the landlord. He left the flat before five-thirty in the morning and waiting to come home after the time he knew his landlord usually went to bed. He scraped together what little money he had left and bought food for Sherlock, but the young man didn’t seem to want to eat anything John brought. Sherlock seemed to live on John’s tea and air.
John thought the air had been sucked from his lungs. He suddenly felt overwhelmed by both want and need. He wanted Sherlock, body and soul. He needed to protect him. To shelter him and hide him away. Mark the man as his.
Suddenly, another person stepped up to the two of them. “John! Finally. I’ve been looking for you all night.”
“He was so angry.” Sherlock whispered. “I’ve never seen him that angry before. I thought he was going to . . .” His voice broke and a tear escaped the corner of his eye.
“Oh, okay. So how do you know he didn’t shoot himself then?” John asked feeling very unsure of himself all at once.
Sherlock coughed and twisted as he tried to fight the alpha off. The frail looking alpha was stronger than he appeared. He held Sherlock captive as he assaulted the omega’s mouth again. Fear and revulsion flooded Sherlock’s mind. He bit down on the man’s tongue. Magnussen pulled back and slapped Sherlock’s face hard.
“Fuck!” John cursed as he spun the wheel and tried to moved the Morstan into the center of the channel.
“I’ve told you to leave my belongings alone. You have only yourself to blame for any embarrassment.” Sherlock said as he slammed the door. He slouched on the seat like a petulant teenager.
“I’m studying to be a doctor . . . not one yet . . . and how am I supposed to help him. Kill him off quicker?”
John started to shake with anger and fear. He held the phone tight in his fingers to keep from dropping it. He punched in the letters.
Sherlock crawled across the floor to the two men. John was unnaturally still. Sherlock was panicked. He couldn’t even feel the pain in his shoulder.
In the morning, John woke up to find Sherlock sleeping calmly beside him. It had been a long night, and John was completely exhausted. John went into the kitchen and started the kettle. He missed his shift at the ‘Backdoor’ and he wouldn’t be able to make his shift at the coffee shop that day. John rubbed his face as he fought his tiredness. He made himself a strong cup of coffee and sat down at the table.
John looked at the medical chart that hung from a bracket by the hospital room door. He didn’t have privileges at this hospital but no one was going to stop him from checking up on Sherlock. He read the surgeon’s notes and quickly reviewed the lab results. Satisfied that everything possible was being done for his former lover, John stepped close to the bed to look down into Sherlock’s sleeping face.
“Jim Moriarty and I were involved before I met John. He supplied me with drugs. When I left him, he became bitter.” Sherlock skipped over the part where Mycroft had him beaten up and left him crippled. “Over the years he has threatened Mycroft and myself. Seven years ago he threatened John.”
John glanced away and watched the traffic drive pass them. He couldn’t hold Sherlock’s gaze any longer. He pressed his lips together and blew out a long breath.
Sherlock collapsed backwards into the chair. He had just convinced John to start a relationship. He didn’t want to go through the mind numbing routine of rehab and he didn’t want to lose John. As much as he hated the idea of working for Mycroft the idea of giving up everything that was now in his reach was worse.
He took the coffee cup from her hand and took a hesitant swig. The coffee was strong and bitter, but at least it was hot.
Sherlock had not closed the lid of the cupboard completely. He held it open only an inch but still had difficultly seeing anything. The moonlight through the window was diffuse making areas in the room move from dark to darker. He heard the sound of running feet and shouts. They had been boarded somehow without warning. He wondered how that was possible. James and Cullen were on duty.
Four months after the trial, John made plans for a trip. He told Sarah, his boss at St Bart’s, that he was taking a holiday in Dublin. He would be away for a week. He packed his suitcase and took the train to Liverpool. He bought his ticket for the ferry then went into the pub for some lunch. He told the barman his order and set his suitcase down on the stool by the bar.
John was sitting on the couch with his head tipped back over the headrest. His left hand was wrapped tightly around the warm bottle of beer in his hand. It had been a hard week at uni. Test in both chemistry and physiology left him drained and exhausted. His mind was having a difficult time remembering his own name let alone that he was studying to be a doctor.
More gunfire brought John’s attention back to the main road. He leaned around the corner of the building and fired again. Then quickly slipped back before the enemy were able to target him.
Dimmock laughed and started walking around the flat. He passed by the desk and with his arm he swept the contents of the desk top onto the floor.
“Okay . . . I think we’re done now, John . . .” Sherlock grunted out as John wrapped his forearm around the man’s throat.
Moran paused for a moment, relishing the heat and tightness of the omega’s body. He pulled out slightly, then slammed in hard and fast, not giving James time to adjust. The dark haired man shouted out a curse. Moran smiled and did it again. The pace was fast and cruel. The omega was pushed and pulled. His body was bruised by fingers and teeth.
John groaned as Seb dipped his head down and started kissing along John’s neck and down under the collar of his shirt. The first few buttons opened up and Seb pulled the cotton back to expose more of John’s collar bone. John arched into the touch. Closing his eyes, he focused his mind on the sensation to his body and not on who was doing it.
“I’ve told you. Someone who knows everything that is going on in the Caribbean.” John said. He carefully wiped the sextant down again and replaced it in its box.
2005       Sherlock hated being at parties like this one. The music was loud and the bass reverberated inside his chest. The house smelled of cheap beer and sweat. The party goers were inane and stupid. If it wasn’t the promise of drugs from Jim, Sherlock wouldn’t be caught dead here.
“More importantly . . . what were you doing there? Why was that man trying to kill you?” John asked. He forced himself to lean back away from Sherlock. John wiped his forehead and looked down at his bruised knuckles.
“Oh that, it was nothing. Something to occupy my mind as we sailed to St. Thomas.” Sherlock’s attention returned to the sextant in the box.
“Dead? James was shot? What happened? A robbery? Some kind of hate crime?” The words babbled out of John’s mouth.
“John will not listen to me if I tried to warn him.” Sherlock said handing the photos back to his brother.
“Fine. So you’re unattached. Like me.” John said leaning back in his seat. He didn’t want to acknowledge the sense of relief that information gave him. Instead, he glanced around. He stood up and went to the counter to order two coffees.
Sherlock blinked then leaned down to recapture John’s lips. John’s fingers reached up and combed through Sherlock’s curls. Sherlock purred and twisted his head down to give John better access. John wrapped a strong arm around Sherlock’s waist and pulled him closer. He lifted Sherlock off the floor by only an inch, but enough to carry him towards the bedroom.
“He is someone who worms his way into polite society. He watches and listens and somehow learns everyone’s secrets. I know of at least one suicide because of him. A British officer. Letters between himself and a woman of low standing were given to the soldier’s fiancé. The bride instantly called off the wedding and the officer’s commission was taken away. He shot himself.”
John shivered. He didn’t want to think about why and blamed the condition of the room. The windows had not been replaced yet from Moriarty’s bombing. The room was cold as the night air seeped in around the wooden covers.
John tried to stand and tipped his chair over. He struggled in his bonds and kicking wildly. Sherlock wrestled with the acrobat, fighting to get back to James and the ropes tying him to the chair. The lead weight slowly descending onto the trigger mechanism.
John twisted to shake off Ryan and the other man’s grip. He grabbed at the hood and yanked it off his face. He blinked his eyes once to adjust to the change in light, but then locked them on the man sitting on the table. The man’s long legs stretched out in front of him. Blood covering his trouser leg and spreading across the wooden surface.
“One of the snipers was Moran. He saw John with you. You think he saw someone he used to serve with . . . someone who had been important to him. Is it possible that he wants for himself and Moriarty is just as much in the dark as we are?” Mycroft said.
“I told you to call me Seb.” A forgotten warmth began to grow inside Moran’s chest. A single ember that had been smothered began to glow again.
Mycroft looked at final report on the raid of Moriarty’s offices and flat. Although there had been a wealth of information regarding his various enterprises, anything regarding his present whereabouts was missing. It was finally determined that his illegitimate brother had escape by way of a helicopter on the roof of the building. He had used a private lift that was installed after Moriarty took possession of the offices and was not on any of the building floorplans. Mycroft marveled at the intelligence of it. The perfect escape.
Doctor John Watson struggled to slip the blue hospital scrubs on. The industrial washing had left the cotton stiff and scratchy. For a brief moment, John regretted not having his combat canvas fatigues to wear. The worn fabric was thicker and more substantial but softened by desert sand and sun. He could suddenly smell the dirt of Afghanistan and the feel the heat of the air. He grabbed his cane tightly to steady himself as another memory swept over him again.
John smiled as reached down and pulled Sherlock up to his feet. “How about we go and put that sheet back on the bed?”
Moran looked around the two of them. Twilight was tuning rapidly into darkness, and the air was beginning to chill.
Moran looked up at his one time friend. The brigadier could see something strange in Moran’s eyes. He had seen many things in those water grey eyes. Pain and anger, relief and pride, but now he saw regret. He saw doubt and regret in the man he had known since he was a major. The two had trained together and fought together and now what separated them was a set of bars.
His palm gripped the handle of his cane tightly as John limped down the hall and to the nurses’ station. He grabbed the first chart in the rack of cases.
“I’m sorry, John.” Sherlock rolled off the younger man and onto his back. He covered his face with his forearm and hide underneath it.
“This interview stops now.” She said with a slight Welsh accent. She placed a sleek black briefcase on the table, blocking Dimmit’s view of infuriated John.
In Sherlock’s mind palace, he sat down in the leather chair in John’s room. His eyes moved from one picture to another. There were far too few framed moments on the walls. He wanted more information about John. He needed it. His eyes glanced over at the thick manila envelope on the imaginary table beside him. It was still fastened closed with Mycroft’s ostentatious sealing wax over the flap.
Sherlock went and retrieved a clean dish towel. He wetted it from the sink and returned to clean the wound. He sprayed the antiseptic spray on it, then used the surgical stapler to close the wound. He found a bottle of Ciprofloxacin in the kit and tossed it at Moran. The man easily caught it, turning it to read the label.
“Get me her attending physician. I wish to know the extent of her injuries and if she is requesting anything.” He started to spin on his heels and rush into his private office.
The small round faced man stood next to the bed. His mouth was open and pulled into a frightened gasped. His sad blue eyes were wide and panicky.
Moran fell backwards over the parapet edge, pulling Moriarty’s body with him. The two plummeted to the pavement below.
Sherlock found himself living with the biggest mystery he’d encountered yet. And the very thought, made Sherlock more desirous of the man. Now that he knew what it felt like to be kiss by John, he wanted to know more. He wanted to know how John’s skin felt under his fingers. How sensitive John would be if Sherlock kissed along his neck. Nipping at the soft skin under his ear. What sounds would John make as Sherlock licked at his collarbone, or dragged his fingernail over the other man’s nipple? Would John be willing to take Sherlock in his mouth? Or would he prefer to be on top? Pushing the young man into the mattress.
The next morning John woke up and tried the new shampoo and shower gel. He could believe how wonderful it made him feel. His hair was soft and his skin felt smooth. He swore to himself he would use it sparingly. John made another cup of tea and ate one of his almond biscuits.
“Obviously you do . . . you felt that way ever since we entered a physical relationship. This need to prove you are man even though you are being fucked by another man. As if being a homosexual makes you less. Honestly, you are pathetic John.”
Desire and lust punched through John’s body. He felt himself craving to have Sherlock as his own. The air in the room seemed to change. As if it became electrified. Sherlock’s skin became sensitive to John’s touch. And Sherlock knew John felt the change too.
“Oh, John! Hello, please go on up. Sherlock will be ever so happy to see you again.” Mrs. Hudson teetered.
“I did not encourage the colonel in any way. Not in Afghanistan and not here. I didn’t even know he was London until two nights ago.”
“I made it look like I was using again to encourage you to leave. It was just baking soda. I knew you wouldn’t check it. I didn’t start using again until . . .” Sherlock looked away as his words trailed off.
John looked up at his friend. John looked worse than he did the night before. Dark circles were under his eyes and his skin looked slightly sallow.
“Your patient – Sherlock Holmes? He was listed as the patient in bed five. He is missing. Where is he?”
Sherlock remained still. John seemed to suddenly be lost somewhere in his past. His eyes became unfocused and micro-twitches pulled at the corners of his mouth.
“It’s three months of basic training, and then I’ll be home for a few weeks before I’m sent off to an army hospital for the rest of my medical training. Then, depending on where I’m station, we will see each other as often as we can. Maybe every day if I get stationed somewhere here.”
Moran expression hardened. He quickly reached into his jacket pocket and removed a gun. He pointed it at Sherlock.
Sherlock’s heartrate leapt faster. He gripped the railing, leaning forward towards the other ship. He saw the flash then the whistle of another round of cannonballs could be heard.
“Good.” John said. He wanted to try and fix his watch but he knew it was too late. The saltwater had ruined it. “Let’s go.”
“Yeah, I’m fine. Sherlock wouldn’t . . . he wasn’t a threat.” John couldn’t say Sherlock wouldn’t hurt him. He already had and very badly.
“It was too late by the time he was six. I insisted he be sent away because he was that vicious. He was just like his mother. I could never trust him. I will never apologize for putting my family first unlike my father.” Mycroft hissed back.
John hesitated but he decided it would better for him to get out of the car instead of being dragged. He got out and followed the man over to the chair.
James fumbled with John’s fly but got it open. He grabbed John’s prick with his good hand and started slow and steady.
The flat’s only one bedroom and one bed was Harry’s. John slept on the couch. He was sleeping there when he was woken up. For a moment he didn’t understand what had woken him. He laid there in the dark wondering. Then he heard the sound of a mobile phone ringing. It was the phone Sherlock had given him. He sat up and quickly reached for the blue jeans he had been wearing. The phone was still in the front pocket.
“My brother is a criminal, John. He claims he just a minor player, but he runs London. He is the most dangerous man you’ll ever met.” Sherlock said.
“But you didn’t heal well after the first one?” Sherlock’s eyes scanned the scar tissue as it puckered up over John’s skin.
Sarah shook her head. “I’ll let you have two weeks from when you call in. If you need me, though, call me . . . anytime. You know we won’t be more than coworkers but I do care about you John.”
Sherlock’s eyes snapped open and instantly he regretted in letting Mycroft know that he still had feelings for John. Sherlock hadn’t said anything, but the emotions were plain to read on his face. A knowing smile came to Mycroft as he handed over a manila envelope to Sherlock. Sherlock took the envelope suspiciously. The last time Mycroft had done this, it had turned Sherlock’s world upside down. He hesitated before he lifted the flap and removed the pages inside.
John darted under the raised flap of the tent and marched away. He shoved pass the other men standing around who had heard the fight between him and Major Sholto.
John’s control shattered. He moved rapidly and deeply. Plummeting into Sherlock. Sherlock was helpless under the ferocity of the alpha. He wrapped his legs around John’s hips and gripped the blonde’s biceps just to hold on. The sound of slapping flesh was mingled with groans and moans.
“I’m not omnipotent, John.” Sherlock scoffed. He felt a vice grip around his ribs. Breathing became difficult.
John’s hand was braced against the tile wall. He was leaning forward with his head down. The water was splashing on his neck and down his back. He twitched slightly as he felt the coolness of Sherlock’s body step closer to his.
“I don’t know. Apparently he was in manacles and chains. The ship he jumped off of was captained by a man named Jefferson Hope.”
The man stood in the shadows of the porch, listening to Holmes and ‘The Woman’. He heard the name of man who was hunting Holmes. A plan started to form in his head. He jumped from the porch and disappeared into the undergrowth of the nearby trees. He worked his way back to the docks and waited until he could pass the information along.
There were files and typewritten reports. Several color and black and white photos were evident too. Sherlock greedily grabbed at the photos and laid them out across the table. Then he flipped through the files until he found a diagram of the gallery. The location of the various paintings and sculptures and where the guests were. He read through the reports and tossed the papers aside when he was done.
Sherlock knew who the alpha was upon hearing the name. Sherlock considered the enigmatic Charles Augustus Magnussen as one of the most repulsive and dangerous men living in Great Britain. He was a blackmailer. And not just an ordinary blackmail but someone who enjoyed destroying lives. Money was not the only driving force behind the blackmailing. Power and domination. Searching out the details of the personal lives of important people and manipulating them for his own needs. He used the information he gained to force them to surrender to his will.
Feeling himself being thrown off balanced by Sherlock, John glared. “I’ll ask the question, you will answer them. Did you loose consciousness?”
Suddenly, there was roar of jets over their heads. Loud and powerful. The ground around them seemed to shake with it. Two missiles were fired off the ZD408. The poppy field erupted in white phosphorus. The gunfire ceased.
“But Mycroft could have told them you are a terrorist. They won’t hesitate to shoot you.” Sherlock said.
“Like I told him, no reason to keep looking for the thieves. They will probably never commit another crime in London again.” Sherlock refused to look at John.
John closed his eyes and tried to focus but his mind seemed to have short circuited out. All he could concentrate on was the sensation of Sherlock’s touches.
John had been spent years trying to forget William Sherlock Scott Holmes. He wanted to never see the man’s face again. Never hear his name or remember how he made John shiver when he touched him. John simply wanted to forget. Forget everything. The excitement of their time together. The passion he found in Sherlock’s arms. The taste of his kisses. And the realization John would always come second to the drugs.
“John, we aren’t actually able to call the cops and ask for a list of crimes.” James offered his friend.
To both men’s surprise, Irene actually looked frightened by the question before she could pull her mask back on.
Sherlock frowned as he stared at John. He returned the gun back into the holster under his coat. John stepped forward as Moran stepped into the kitchen. His expression changed from open and friendly to anger when he saw Sherlock.
Sherlock’s fingertips brush through John’s singed hair. It’s not as soft as he remembered it but it is real. It is solid. John is real. He is not a ghost.
“You see, Colonel Sebastian Moran fled just before a court martial. He faked his death in Greece and snuck his way back to Ireland. I found him in a Belfast. He was a highly trained individual with a reputation for ruthless efficiency that would be of great value to my organization. I hired him on the spot and he hasn’t disappointed me. We were paying a visit to Frankie when low and behold, an acquaintance from Seb’s past walks through the door. Well, we couldn’t afford for it to spread around that Sebastian Moran was alive and well and living in London. James Sholto’s should have never gone looking for John Watson. He simply walked through the wrong door.”
“Yes. It’s so obvious, I can’t understand how I missed it. Somehow, someone has hacked into the system and entered a loop of film of an empty hall.” Sherlock explained.
“I can’t believe that you are interested in my family.” Violet Holmes said as she poured the tea into her mother’s Royal Albert ‘Old County Rose’ bone china. “We aren’t that unusual.”
Sherlock rushed to the other side of the ship and watched as John and Morstan slipped around the back of the Appledore and sailed in close. He could see Blackwood and Sholto standing at the rail with other sailors. Ropes and grappling hooks ready to be thrown. Sherlock could see John steering the boat closer. In an instant, their eyes locked.
He suddenly pushed backwards, knocking John off his feet. Moran twisted and held Moriarty in front of him as the sniper fired. The bullet went through James’ back, just left of his spine. Piercing his heart and traveling out and into Moran’s chest.
“Yes. If you wouldn’t let Jefferson Hope poison me, then you won’t let your army friend make a terrible mistake and shoot me in the back of a car that is obviously his own, and not one he borrowed.”
“If I attempted to kill myself, I would have been successful.” Sherlock’s voice was horse. “Where is that water?”
Mycroft stepped back and Greg moved forward and looked at the woman laying in the bed. She appeared to be asleep but Greg knew the pallor of death. He glanced around the room. It was plush for a hospital room. An oversize single bed with thick blankets. Comfortable looking chairs and a flat screen television set. In one of the chairs, sat John Watson, who was glaring at the detective.
He tried to relax and focus. He tightened his grip on the rifle as his heartrate and breathing synchronized.
John stared at the man sleeping in the bed and wondered what other bruises were hidden under the hospital gown. What other atrocities had Victor done to the young man?
John watched the shift in Sherlock’s demeanor. He lifted his whole head up and hardened his features. Apparently this was a subject Sherlock had argued about before.
“We’re experienced enough to know what is going on without having to asked stupid questions, John. We know the risks and the payout is substantial.”
There was a ringing in his ears and pressure on his lungs. He needed air but he couldn’t reach the surface. Everything became grey then black.
He knew he had to bury his emotions and focus. The only way he was going to save John and bring him back to his son was to become a machine. Indifferent and impassive. But John had made him feel. John had fashioned a heart and placed in Sherlock’s chest. He had set the heart beating. It drummed to the whims of the omega. How was Sherlock supposed to work now . . . without John to give him the guidance he needed? The omega was more than a mate, more than a companion, he was Sherlock’s heart. The alpha had no idea how it happened but John become the center of his world. The gravitational pull that kept the genius tethered. Sherlock felt he was drowning knowing John was in danger.
“You can imagine Jim’s surprise when he learned you had a heart. He was shocked. Then he learned that you were allowing Lady Smallwood access to that mythical heart. Well Jim couldn’t allow that, could he? I have to tell you, I really did enjoy killing her. She had been so arrogant. So patronizing in her attitude to me. As if her posh education and good breeding made her better than me.”
“Sherlock, it had been over two years since John was with Moran in Afghanistan. There is no telling what happened to that man in that time.”
“Yeah, for a couple of months now.” John glanced sideways at the other bartender, Martin. “Look, I’m supposed to ask you something but . . .”
Sherlock reached over and picked up a bottle of shampoo. He snapped it open and pour a small amount into his palm. Slowly, he smeared the runny shampoo around with his fingers. It was thin and pearly white. It reminded him of semen.
“James Stuart is in Ireland!” William announced boldly. There was rush of whispers and gasps from the assembled ministers. “He wishes to regain the English throne. A throne he duly forfeited by his actions and betrayal to the English people.”
“John, I haven’t said a word. I wouldn’t. I would never say anything.” Sherlock hated how he sounded like he was pleading. He bit the inside of his cheek to stop from saying anything else.
Moran’s voice was soft and spoken into the shorter man’s hair. He slowly brought his arms up and carefully wrapped them around the omega. For a brief moment, Moran thought that this must be some cruel dream. That John was holding him and burying his face in Sebastian’s throat only to pull away again. He leaned closer and took a deep breath. Finally he could smell John’s fresh scent again, but it made him even angrier. Under John’s scent was the unmistakable scent of his alpha. Cognac and almonds.
Sherlock remained silent. He wanted John to explain what had happened in his own way, even though it was killing him inside to wait. John stared at the man for several seconds before he leaned forward and refilled his glass, taking another sip afterwards.
“And you do not wish to appear to be plain?” Mycroft asked realizing his name and Sherlock’s had brought nothing but bullying when they were younger.
John glared at the man but didn’t response to his comment. Sherlock shrugged and turned back to the computer and the open file.
Mycroft hesitated. He looked questioningly at the two men. Maybe it would be a good thing for the other alpha to stay. If he could control Sherlock’s emotions, then maybe Mycroft could get through this without hysterics.
“You believe I might be the connection.” Mycroft continued to pace. His right hand rubbed over his chin. He spoke like he was talking to himself. “Over the past month, I have been repeatedly attacked. A defense analyst was murdered and plans were stolen under my watch. The information of those plans were used to blackmail me. My brother was forced into a bonding with a reprehensible individual. My place as the pack alpha was compromised. Then I’m framed for the murder of Victor. My position within the government is now destroyed. My credibility lost. Finally, my mother is murdered. My family is being taken away from me. This is a systematic attack against me.”
As soon as he was gone, John quickly turned his attention to Sherlock. The fighter persona was gone and now John was carefully running his hands over Sherlock’s body.
When Sherlock realized John was actually hunting Jefferson Hope for his own reasons and for a different victim, it hurt. He refused to focus on the reasons behind that hurt. He refused to acknowledge that the soldier had so quickly breached his emotional walls.
Sherlock’s mind immediately registered the inconsistency. If John had willing been with Moran, then the blonde alpha wouldn’t feel guilty about taking John. Moran also didn’t deny he had kidnapped John. He had taken John against his will. John had not been in that bed with Moran willingly. The sudden heat of rage rushed through Sherlock’s blood stream. Moran had forced John to be with him. How far had Moran gone? How much had John endured of the man’s advances?
“Watson? Never. He has a conscience and won’t kill on command. He would never be mindless killer I need.”
“Sherlock, go with James. Everything will be alright. I promise.” John said softer as he turned to look at the frightened omega. “Don’t worry.” He leaned forward and kissed Sherlock’s cheek. “I’ll be there soon.”
John, James, and Sherlock were sitting at the table in the wardroom just outside John’s cabin. The lamp over their heads swung gently in the sway of the ship. The waves from the Atlantic Ocean were higher than those in the Caribbean Sea on the other side of the island.
“I had injected myself with morphine. I know I shouldn’t have while we were still on patrol, but, well my leg hurt like hell and I just did it. It made me loopy. My better judgement was compromised.”
The radio went silent. The room was silent. No one said a word. In his head, John counted off the various actions James needed to take.
“NO, I mean yes! We do more than just have sex! She means more to me that just someone to get a leg over!”
He pushed the gun into his waistband then grabbed his cutlass. Sherlock standing up when John stepped forward.
Mycroft Holmes was one of these men. He asserted he held a minor position in the British Government but anyone who remained in his presence for more than a few minutes realized that was an understatement. Mycroft was more than ‘paper pusher’ in a dreary governmental office. He was important but to what degree very few actually knew and fewer understood.
“John, I really don’t have time to explain the obvious to you. You lived with him. You know how spoiled and petty he was. Now I have to clean up his mess – again. And this time I’m expected to clean up your mess as well as Sherlock’s, but I assure you, John, this will be the last time. I’m not some ‘dustman’.”
McMath readied his cannons and fired again. The cannonballs sailed into the superstructure of the ship. The masts snapped and cracked. Falling heavily onto the deck.
“I was just wondering why all the sudden you reestablished contact with John. He’s been back in London for nine months and you never made an attempt to see him. And before that, you knew basically where he was at all time but you did nothing to search him out. For seven years now you have secretly pinned for the man, while doing nothing about it.”
“So who shot you? Another criminal or was it a policeman?” John said as he injected a numbing agent into the tissue around the injury.
Many of the alphas were uncertain how to react to the captain. Some had no problems following orders from the man, but others still regarded his second gender as a reason to test their dominance over the small omega. The first day he arrived, a lance corporal came up to John and looked the blonde up and down. The young soldier sneered as his hand rubbed over John shoulder blades and down his bare arm. A definite intimate gesture and unwelcomed.
Mike smiled and giggled slightly. “I don’t think even Victor can make Sherlock stop doing that. He is so intent on becoming this ‘consulting detective’, whatever that is, that he won’t stop just because his boyfriend tells him to do so.”
“Good, you deserve that.” Sherlock slipped his violin under his chin and began to assault the poor instrument. Pulling out sounds that would mimic a disemboweled cat.
“John, everything you have just said that is truthful, proves how perfect you are to me. Truthful in that you are determined and dedicated. You are not plain and ordinary, you are astonishing. Instead of just making your way through life relying on others to care for you, you pushed yourself to the limits of your endurance. You have shown your loyalty to the point of self-sacrifice. You have tolerated my eccentricities. You’ve embraced my life. You reflect light back onto me to make everything else illuminate. It is I who would be unworthy of a bond mate like you. My God, John, you killed a man for me! How could there ever be anyone I could care for more than you?”
Sherlock looked up into his brother’s face. Mycroft saw the silver-blue eyes turning red with unshed tears.
Mycroft had held up returning to England for three days. In a week it would be impossible to reach London by the time the Queen had requested him to return. He needed to find his brother and sail immediately.
Sherlock . . . sitting in the chair near his head . . . sitting in the chair wearing nothing but a sheet.
“Once again, Mycroft you are wrong. I care nothing for Sherlock. He shattered any attachment or concern I might have had for him years ago. And as for keeping Sherlock safe and protected, I can say for a fact you have failed at that too. Maybe you should spend less time kidnapping me and go visit your brother. See for yourself how safe and protected he is.”
“It’s easy to have a high opinion of yourself when you have omegas throwing themselves at you wherever you go.”
The next picture was also of Sherlock in the flat wearing the towel but this time the omega was turned away from the window. The towel was low on the hips and the dimples over Sherlock’s butt were visible. The damp towel clung to the curves of the omega’s backside, giving a tantalizing hint as to the actual shape of him.
John watched Sherlock then glanced out the open door expecting to see Lestrade hovering on the stairs listening. He wasn’t there, but that didn’t relive the concern John was feeling.
“Of course it’s possible. I’ve always had a high metabolism. My mind is always working. Burning up any calories I take in.”
Sherlock sat up and glared at her. “You can’t. I’m conducting a study on the bees and their pollination habits.”
“Yes it would. He’s a criminal. You said so yourself. You are too intelligent to fall into that trap, Sherlock.” John sat up too. He felt his world was beginning to spin out of control. He was terrified he was about to lose Sherlock. “You say you love me, then you can be honest with me.”
As his knot swelled he could feel John slip away completely and the omega come forward. The man in his arms was need and desire. The logical and shy doctor was gone. The blonde would abandon all concern of safety now for the act of procreation with its alpha. Sherlock held tight to the man’s waist and he shoved hard up into the omega’s body. The knot slipped in as he squeezed John’s cock.
“Did you ever have this conversation with Trevor, or am I the only one who gets the threats?” John repulsed asked. “Let me guess, Trevor was a rich boy from the ‘City’ and acceptable to you and your snooty crowd. The kid on the rugby scholarship who has to work to make ends meet is beneath you and your family.”
“James knew who he was.” It was a statement instead of a question. “At the hospital – James knew who it was who stopped us on the loading docks. He knew Moran. Was he supposed to give me to Moran?”
“We were chasing a criminal down the street and the idiot here decided he didn’t need to wait for backup. He went down an alley behind the man and was hit in the head by a brick.”
John hesitated and looked at the omega. Sherlock’s eyes shifted from John’s to the gun in his hand. John knew how dangerous Jim Moriarty was.
John stepped forward and grabbed Sherlock’s forearm, turning this way and that, examining the injury to the wrist. The skin was abraded. It had started to bleed again. The stark red line of blood crossed his almost snow-white skin.
“You think I’m unpredictable when I’m high, brother dear. Imagine what I am like when someone I care about is threatened. I need Moran to find John. I don’t need your interference.”
“I didn’t know you knew Victor. We just started dating a week ago. He insisted we come here. I didn’t know.”
“He was before he deserted and took up with Moriarty. They have been bonded for the past eleven months.”
Sherlock’s hands fell away from John’s open jeans. He twisted and flexed under his alpha as he felt a dampness in his pants. His slick pouring out of him and soiling his clothes. The scent of aroused omega becoming overpowering in the living room.
The scene was chaotic and violent. Blood and screams splattered across the boards of the ship. The decks became slick. Suddenly, Sherlock recognized Jefferson Hope standing at the rail. He pulled out his pistol and pointed it at the back of John’s head. John was still fighting the other men. He didn’t not know Hope was standing behind him.
Sherlock was woke up on a ward. His head hurt and mouth was terribly dry. He blinked his eyes and tried to focus on the light fixture over his bed.
He stared at her. Irene Adler standing there in front of him. He stared at her for several heart beats. The woman whom John believed was taking Sherlock away from him. Even in death, she was taking his alpha away from him.
He arrived in the little hamlet of Friar’s Gate late in the afternoon. It was a walk to the cottage but he was more than happy to take it. He arrived as the sun was lowering itself in the afternoon sky and the smell of roses around the white thatched cottage were strong. John paused at the gate for moment studying the building. It was as far from the bustle of London life as anyone could get. The square windows were small and even John would need to duck a little to get through the front door. There were numerous rose bushes of different colors around the yard as well as honeysuckle and other flowers. A large willow tree could be seen around the corner of the cottage with a wooden bench sitting under its limbs.
The driver came back out and John started to move back across the street. He reached behind himself and wrapped his fingers around the grip of his gun. John was just pulling it out when he saw Sherlock join the driver on the pavement. John stopped, still concealed in the shadows between two parked cars. The two men spoke for a moment, then Sherlock climbed into the backseat of the cab.
John stepped forward to argue but Violet Holmes gave him a sharp look that told him his opinion was not welcomed. Sherlock hesitated then held out the thumb drive. Mycroft took it and sighed.
Sparks of blue light danced between his fingers. He lowered his hand and the electricity continued to jump from one finger to the next. Sherlock gasped but moved closer to watch. John smiled as Sherlock watched him like an enthralled child.
“We will not allow the man to return to English soil. We will make way for Ireland to meet our enemy on that soil and not our own.” William proclaimed.
The climax rocketed through John’s body. He shouted out Sherlock’s name as he bucked forward into Sherlock’s hand. Coming in his pants like a lovesick teenager. Sherlock held John up against the wall as John’s knees gave out and his mind blanked completely. John shook and shivered as body succumbed to Sherlock’s voice and suggestions.
“I thought we were under attack by the way you were shouting at me.” John smiled and Moran could feel his heart melt.
Greg was silent for a moment as he thought. “Alright.” He made a decision. “I’m a Detective Inspector now. With that comes some extra perks and responsibilities.”
Sherlock leaned forward. “You are the leader of a major international criminal enterprise. I doubt that you don’t know anything about Harriot Watson.”
John opened the door to the wardroom and then walked into his cabin. Sherlock followed him still not satisfied with John’s answers.
John watched as Sherlock’s lips twitched and he seemed to pull himself inward. “I wasn’t raped but he . . . groped me. He tried to . . . he kissed me and bite my lip but he didn’t . . . rape me. I’m not pregnant.”
“No problem, sir. And Captain and your omega can just simply drive out of the garage and away.” Barton smiled at John.
Mycroft calculated the amount of barbiturates he could take that would suppress his breathing and heartrate without actually compromising his health. He was relieved he was partially unconscious when they had placed the endoscopy tube down his throat. It had been very unpleasant to feign insensibility as the idiots prodded and poked at him. It was quite indignant.
When the CIA agent held the gun to back of John’s head, all he could think of was Sherlock. Sherlock kept denying he knew the combination. He stood there as his bond mate and child were being threatened. All John could do was listen as the man counted down till the trigger would be pulled. And waited.
“No, John.” Sherlock reached out to grab John’s arm but halted when John seemed repelled by the man’s hand. Sherlock pulled his hand back. “I’m asking you to remain here until we have the situation under control.”
John leaned into Sherlock’s stomach and breathed in the scent of his lover. It calmed him and reassured him.
A spike of anger surged up John as he pulled the risotto off the hob and set it aside. It would probably be ruined because Sherlock had made some silly deduction that he wanted to share with John.
John hoped the forensic team hadn’t been overly thorough. He crawled onto the bed and reached between the mattress and the wall. There was a hollow place in the wall that had been cut for plumbing. John reached into the hollow next to the pipes and found what he was looking for. His Sig Sauer 9mm. He pulled it out and rolled over onto his back. It felt good to have the weapon in his hands again. He ejected the magazine and checked it. Then reloaded the weapon and set it down on the bed.
“You are asking me? And who is we? You and Mycroft? No thanks. I’ll take my chances out there.” John continued to walk to the lift. He pressed the button but it didn’t light up. The lift was locked again. “Sherlock, for your own good, you should let me leave and right now.”
Sherlock lowered the bed rail and slipped in beside John. The blond soldier opened his arms and let Sherlock settle into his shoulder. Sherlock curved his body around John’s.
John’s stern face crushed Sherlock. More than anything in the world, he wanted to look in John’s inviting face again. He wanted to see the azure blue eyes that reminded him of warm spring day. But that was not what he saw now. He looked away feeling ashamed. He didn’t understand why. No alpha had made him feel this way. No one had made him feel inadequate since his father. He hated it. Sherlock pulled his shoulders back and looked up into John’s dark eyes. The intensity was too much, Sherlock took a submissive stance for the first time in his adult life. Tipping his neck slightly to expose it to the alpha.
John looked carefully into Sherlock’s eyes. They were contracted to pinpoints and his pulse rate was rapid. Sherlock’s head lulled back and the man fell unconscious in John’s arms. John could smell the sour scent on Sherlock’s breath. An indication of drug use; smoking cocaine.
Moran turned and walked into the base. The noise of the evening quarters sounded unusually loud after being outside the wall of the base. Moran wanted to tell himself he was just wandered around the grounds, but he knew where he would end up. The omega tent. Contrary to what Moran had told John, he was not the only omega at the base. There were two enlisted omegas who worked in the radio room. The omega tent, as it was called on the base, was shared by John with two enlisted men. It was against regulations for an officer to be billeted with enlisted but it would have required two separate tents otherwise. John had agreed to stay with the two enlisted men because of the shortage of space. Another example of John’s dedication to the service.
“Get out, Mycroft. You have relayed the information about Victor. I’m sure he won’t be coming back around here again. And you don’t either.”
“Doctor.” John said calmly. He didn’t know why it was important but he felt he needed to use his professional title with this man.
“Hey! What a prick!” Emma shouted as Sherlock started to push through the crowd and head towards the door.
“The other one? Oh, yeah . . . Moriarty, no he hasn’t. A helicopter was seen leaving the building at the time of the raid. It was found outside of Cheltenham. The pilot was dead. Single gunshot wound.”
“I have been expecting you to appear at my door. You took way too long to figure out who killed Victor. I was hoping you would have been cleverer.”
“I don’t think Jim Moriarty will be arrested unless he wants to be. He is rather intelligent and able to avoid the police.” Sherlock said.
Memories that Sherlock wandered through. Lingered in. And cherished. He didn’t delude himself. He knew he would probably never see John again. The few weeks they had on board the Mary Morstan was all Sherlock and John would have. And those few weeks were all that would sustain Sherlock from this point on. Regardless of the fact John cared for him, John couldn’t return to England and wouldn’t risk chasing after the Appledore in case he was captured by the British Navy.
Sherlock woke up in levels. He felt like he was swimming to the surface of a deep lake or out in the middle of the ocean. He became aware of things peripherally while his eyes were still closed and his ability to speak was limited. He heard voices. Most he didn’t recognize. He felt people touching him which he despised. Then he heard John. His John. The man was standing close to him because John was talking softly but Sherlock could still hear him and understand him.
Blackwood watched as Sherlock checked to make sure it was loaded and ready to be used. Sherlock turned to leave when Blackwood grabbed Sherlock’s forearm.
Moran shouted something unrecognizable as he reached for his gun. The other two men didn’t even know what was happening until the explosion.
Moran finished his drink and set the glass down in the pile that needed to be washed. He turned his attention back to the other patrons purposefully ignored Sherlock. The dark haired man walked slowly through the crowd and straight to Moran.
“Our team manager had been attacked. He was in coma and the person who put him there was still out walking around.” Snapped John.
The air outside was cool. The hum of air-conditioners blocked out any other sounds of the desert. John and Mary walked down the corrugated walkway towards their quarters.
John squinted to see what was written on the envelope that Sherlock was waving in his hand. He could barely read the typed writing but he did see the insignia of the RMAC.
“Yes . . . I’ll go to the shops and do the week’s shopping.” Sherlock rushed out of the flat. His steps tapping down the wooden steps.
Moran ignored him and rolled them so that John was resting on top of the ex-soldier. Trapped in Moran’s embrace.
John hesitated before taking the envelope. It was thick with papers and John felt a squeeze to his stomach. Anthea turned without acknowledging him, and left. Her fingers still tapping on the keys of her phone.
Mycroft paused at the man’s attitude. He glanced out at the ocean then said. “He is obviously not here on the island. The only reasonable assumption would be he is out there.”
“I didn’t touch John. I wanted too. I wanted to feel him in my arms. To hold him and kiss him and make . . . He loves you. I couldn’t . . . He kept saying you were his bond mate. Regardless of what I said or what I did he only wanted you . . . You and his pup.”
John hopped off the transport helicopter. His heavy military boots landed hard on the tarmac. John ducked his head and followed the other soldiers into a glaring white building just off the edge of the runway. Inside, the blast of air-conditioning immediately cooled his sweaty skin and made John shiver. He removed his helmet and glanced around. Desks, computers and phones. It appeared to be a normal looking office space. It would be familiar in any London office building except for everyone dressed in desert fatigues.
“John, you and I both have seen the results of bondings that went bad. The complications and the . . . abuse.”
The next day, John was in the study room waiting for Sherlock to show up. He wondered how Sherlock’s conversation with the detective went. He really wished he had gone with Sherlock. He would have enjoyed watching Sherlock’s mind work. It was like watching an intricate dance.
“Safer for you, but not for us. We are sailing to Charlotte Amalie. We need to trade the cotton for supplies and then we are going to go back to Port Royal. You can stay in Charlotte Amalie or find your own way back to England. Either way, I don’t care.”
Sherlock laid on the bed beside John. It was the second day of John’s heat and Sherlock had woken up lucid. His rut abating slightly. He had a bottle of fruit juice in his hand. He was cradling John up into his lap, resting the weary omega’s head on his chest. Slowly, he was tipping the bottle to John’s lips. Letting the exhausted omega sip the fluid. His finger gently massaging the blonde’ scalp.
Mycroft stared at John again. He was reassessing the young man. He didn’t understand how gallant John was about the threat. He wasn’t used to people like John standing up to him.
John took a hesitant step forward and then leaned back into the wall. He shook as the adrenaline started to drain from his system. Frankie came up and looked him over.
Sherlock smiled. He stepped away from the crowd of people and went to sit down on the couch. His long legs crossed as he spread his arms out over the back of the furniture.
“You keep telling yourself that. James, 221 Baker Street. 221B.” John leaned back in the seat and looked out the window. He forced himself to ignore the need to protect the insolent omega. He didn’t know why he was letting the man get under his skin. He never let anyone else do that to him, but Sherlock Holmes seemed to be pushing through John’s defenses without even trying.
“We are bonded.” He brought his hand up and brushed his fingertips down Moriarty’s cheek. He leaned forward and kissed James. His hand slowly moved down James’ arm till he felt the hand holding the gun. Carefully and smoothly he pulled the gun from James’ hand. “I am yours . . .” He kissed James again. “I will always be yours.’
“There were other alphas here last night who couldn’t get anyone to warm their beds and you had two in yours.” James Sholto laughed. “Three Continents Watson strikes again.”
“He really doesn’t want another doctor. He just doesn’t know what to do. I mean he never thought he was see you again.” Greg said.
“It is the only reason I’m not telling the rest of the men what you did.” John said. “I loved you on the Maywand, then Babcock walked off the stern. He picked up that cannonball and jumped into the water. And you knew! You knew what Underwood was doing to him! And you didn’t stop him! You didn’t tell me until it was too late!”
John walked up the steps of the porch and knocked on the door. An attractive woman in a simple black broadcloth dress answered the door.
“Had a wife once.” James said. “She didn’t like the army and didn’t like the moving around and finally didn’t like me.”
Sherlock grabbed the photo out of James’ hand. He glanced down and saw several of the symbols had been translated.
“When I left? He threw me out! He chose to be your sniffer dog and told me to go pound sand.” John snarled.
Blackwood aimed his musket and fired. The bullet fell short of the approaching boat but still made the men duck. Blackwood quickly reloaded as Sholto fired his pistol.
He could feel his heartrate increase. He hoped his face wasn’t blushing but he could sense he was flushed.
“Mister Sebastian Wilkes was burning all the correspondence from his desk. He placed several sheets of paper into the fire when I came into the room. He shouted for me to leave and I did so but not before noting what he was doing. Mister Wilkes fled the house. He climbed into his coach and the driver immediately went to the whip. I rushed into the room after he left.  ”
“She was beautiful. Bright blue eyes and straw colored hair. A little pug nose. I loved her very much. When she told me she was pregnant, I never knew I could be so happy.”
He let go of Sherlock and waved his hands up at Barr on the ship. A rope was dropped over the side from a block and tackle. Blackwood swam for it first. He grabbed hold and shouted.
He should open his eyes but it seemed too difficult to do. All he wanted to do was lay back and let the warm blanket of oblivion pull over him.
James laughed softly. He reached up and grabbed Sherlock’s chin and twisted the man’s face up to look at the bruise on Sherlock’s face.
“Jim was going to use you to help discredit Holmes. He thought Holmes was interested in you. Shall we say infatuated? But we never thought that you were interested in him too. Not until we found out he was ordering a romantic dinner for two to be delivered here from L’Atelier. Imagine the tantrum Jim had when he found that out. But I told him not to worry. He had already promised me that I could visit you. We just moved up the time and date. And here I am.”
“I have warned Jim Moriarty what would happened if he kept supplying you with cocaine and heroin. He will now suffer for it and you will return to rehab.”
“No.” John knew who was to blame and he promised himself he was going make their deaths very painful.
He blinked his eyes again and brought his hand up to his chest. To his relief, he was still dressed in his shirt. He looked down and saw his dirty jeans. He turned his head towards the sound he hadn’t recognized. There was a table, off to the side. A woman was laying on it. A man had grabbed her legs and held them akimbo as he plowed into her. She was groaning. Twisting on the tabletop as she was being used.
John’s eyes were closed as he felt the brush of Seb’s lips across his. John quickly leaned back and opened his eyes. He was slightly drunk but was still in control of himself. He stopped dancing and stepped out of Seb’s grasp.
Sherlock glared at his older brother. He had been dragged from his studies in England three years ago and banished to this island with Mycroft. Now when Mycroft is allowed to return, Sherlock was expected to remain in Barbados for an indefinite period. It was awful – hateful. He wouldn’t do it. He refused! Now he just needed to figure out how to leave.
Sherlock’s mind began to race. If they returned to Barbados, Mycroft would learn of it and he would take Sherlock back. Prevent him from leaving. That was the last thing he wanted.
Sherlock smiled and John noticed the admiration in the omega’s eyes. It sparked something warm in his chest.
He knew he could deduce all those things if he had been allowed more time to study John Watson, but he wasn’t. He only had a few brief moments with the man. Brief, intense, memorable moments. Sherlock wasn’t sure why it mattered so much to him but it did.
He tossed off the shawl and stepped out of the water bath. He stomped across the parquet floors, his wet feet leaving footprints behind.
“I worry about my brother constantly. I would do anything in the world to keep him safe. Therefore I will refuse to allow any consideration of a bonding between you and my brother, Sherlock.”
His long thin body was taut with spasms. Sweat made his skin glisten in the limited light. Sherlock was shivering. Mycroft took off his coat and laid it over his brother. He knew he couldn’t get Sherlock out of the building by himself. Sherlock was in the throes of a drug overdose. The young man cried out in pain and fear as he fought within his own mind. The demons of his own subconscious. Mycroft pulled out his mobile and dialed for assistance. It would be several minutes until his team could arrive with an ambulance. He sat down beside Sherlock and waited.
John blinked his eyes then looked away. “The Dutch attacked the ship and it sunk. Underwood drowned with most of the crew.”
“Well, this time it’s not about you. It’s about my training. The army will help me become a surgeon. And will pay me to do so. You just need to get over yourself.”
The Diogenes Club was as constant as the English opinion of their superiority. A refuge of calm and peace in the maelstrom that was London. Diogenes was stalwart and recalcitrant. The routines of the club had barely altered one note from their establishment over a century before. There had of course been some alterations. The sugar served with tea was now more often a sugar substitute. The newspapers, which had been so carefully ironed every day for the members, were being replaced by tablets and the internet. And of course the coal fireplaces were replaced by forced air central heating.
“Sherlock, did something happen? I mean, are you alright?” John couldn’t believe how small his voice sounded. He growled deeply. He didn’t understand why the omega was rejecting him.
“It wouldn’t help my future as a doctor is I got involved in a drug raid or a corrupted police officer.” John glanced away from Sherlock.
“Sherlock? Her body is already in police custody. You won’t be able to see her. I can’t even see her right now.” Mycroft’s voice was soft.
Sherlock’s index finger moved slowly to draw an outline around John’s filling cock. John hissed and closed his eyes. Listening to the sultry voice of his soon to be bond mate. Sherlock pressed a little closer.
Sherlock moved slowly for fear John would bolt from the room. He moved slowly and slipped his arms around the body he had cherished. Pulling John tight to himself. He granted himself a deep breath of a scent he had almost forgotten about. John. Fresh and pure. Masculine and warm.
“Yes, just cases. Nothing special. So, the doctors told the family I should be allowed to visit. And I did. I brought cold case files for him to read through. He seemed to devour them like . . .” Lestrade tried to find a good description.
John’s legs seemed to no longer support the doctor’s weight. He weaved slightly then collapsed into the chair next to Sherlock.
“I have something for you, captain.” Mycroft cross the room to his desk. He opened a drawer and pulled out a small wooden box and several sealed envelopes. He stepped back over to John and Sherlock, holding the box out to John. “From a grateful nation.”
John lifted his chin and narrowed his eyes. He felt insulted. “I can take care of my men and myself.”
“Don’t you dare say my own good!” John roared at the man. He glared at Sherlock. “Do you have any idea what I went through when you threw me out? You didn’t give much of a damn for my own good back then. You didn’t seem to care that you were ripping my heart out of me. Did you even miss a night of sleep . . . oh, I forgot. You’re the sociopath who doesn’t sleep. So I guess my departure didn’t even register with you.”
Jim Moriarty slowly turned and looked at the frightened attorney. Jim’s face was emotionless, but his dark eyes were wild with anger.
“Because . . .” John couldn’t control himself any more. He wrapped his hand around the nape of Sherlock neck and pulled the man’s face close to his. “Because, I need to know that no one else will ever have you like that but me.”
“John, don’t. Just go back home and talk to him. See if I’m wrong.” Mike finished the cake. “And if I’m wrong, my couch is always available for you.”
She gasped wanting to scream but was unable to make a sound. He plunged forward and bit her again. She sagged in his arms as her blood stained her pale blue dress.
He already pulled off his uniform shirt and tossed it towards Lenard Wilderbrant. Wilderbrant was younger than John, studying Physical Fitness. He was the manager of John’s rugby team. It was a glorious title for an inglorious job. Wilderbrant was in charge of keeping track of all the equipment and uniforms. Cleaning said equipment and uniforms. And keeping the locker room organized, all the while being insulted and bullied by the players and ignored by the coaches.
Mycroft slipped off his jacket and hung it on the back of a chair. He made himself a second bellini and sat down on the leather couch. He finished his glass of Champagne and felt a little tired. He set the flute down on the coffee table in front of him. Mycroft yawned as his eyes began to flutter close. He wondered how much longer it would be before Elizabeth Smallwood would return. He wondered exactly what she was hoping for tonight. If the Champagne and caviar were anything to go by, it was going to a memorable night indeed.
“Of course.” Sherlock said. He awkwardly glanced at the dock and the men working down there. “My boots.”
“They were not. And as to their authenticity,” Mycroft opened the file and removed a CD and handed it to Dimmit. “This is a copy of the entire day from that specific CCTV camera. You may check it out with other CCTV recordings. That is your killer. He is not Mister Watson or Mister Holmes. I believe that will conclude their involvement in your inquiries.”
“She wasn’t my . . . whatever you said. Yeah, we broke up. How did you know?” John asked as he turned to face Sherlock. Sherlock simply pouted and raised an eyebrow, questioningly. “Alright, alright, you deduced. I hate when you do that.”
“No. With time and thin piece of wire, I can pick any lock. Including handcuffs.” John turned and smiled at Sherlock.
“The only way to protect yourself is to make sure he is powerless to come after you. The only way to know he is powerless is to help me destroy him.”
John groaned at the statement. He had heard it before. The lurid remark made by prostitutes and others. But hearing it from Sherlock was something different. It was offering. A request. It made John’s heart pound in his rib cage harder than he remembered.
“Where have you been, Sherlock!?” John tried to not sound like he was crying. His heart beating hard in his chest as an invisible vice tightened around him.
“More than that. Was there a specific reason he would have come looking for you. You’ve been discharged for how long?”
Stunned, both men looked at each other. It had been completely unconscious response by John. He didn’t know why he had done it, but it felt so natural.
he thought. He knew the box would be too great a temptation for Mycroft to pass up. Sherlock quickly turned towards his bedroom and walked down the hall. The conversation with Victor all but forgotten. He opened the door and found the room immaculate. At least this time, Mycroft’s agents hadn’t enjoyed destroying Sherlock’s belongings.
He kicked the door closed as he stepped further into the room. He set the tray down on small table near the windows. The late winter wind buffeted the windows and chilled the room. Even though Sherlock was cold he stood in the middle of the room, naked, except for his pants wrapped around one thigh. One hand holding his trousers while the other held up his pants.
Mycroft set his teacup and saucer down hard. The fine china rattled as the tea sloshed out and stained the white tablecloth.
He walked up the stairs, hearing the shouting from one of the rooms up there. Half way up the rickety stairs he recognized the voice.
John awkwardly hesitated with the bin still in his hands. He wasn’t sure what the police officer was doing there.
He looked up and saw Wilderbrant leaning over the bar towards him. John glanced around and didn’t see Victor. Wilderbrant was waving John over to a corner where they could talk privately. John stepped around the bar. The bruises on Wilderbrant’s neck were prominent. The young man looked drunk. He was weaving slightly and his eyes were shiny and wide.
Greg glanced at the man lying on the floor of the crack house. He was wearing brown trousers and rather new looking trainers. He had on a dirty button down shirt but no coat. Greg looked back at the young man and raised an eyebrow.
“No. He never even spoke of him. When Daddy died seven years later, he only listed two children in his will, Sherlock and myself. Sherlock was only fifteen. I doubt he even remembers Daddy being gone for those five years.”
James looked back at John and his lascivious smile. “I should smack that look off you your face, soldier.”
Moran’s hand smooth down the reddening cheek of Sherlock’s face. Sherlock glanced up at the man and saw the possessiveness in the man’s grey eyes. It made Sherlock’s stomach twist again in revulsion.
The room was dark. The curtains were drawn. John noticed the poster of the periodic table on the wall. The corner of the poster was unpinned and had been lifted up. John glanced to the left and saw Sherlock sprawled across the bed. He was barefoot. He was wearing his black trousers and the sleeves on his white shirt were rolled up. The elastic tourniquet was still wrapped around his upper arm but loosely. The hypodermic syringe lay in Sherlock’s lax right hand.
The students returned their attention back to the attending. A young woman in the front of the crowd raised her hand and began to run off the list of symptoms. Mike and John slumped, relieved they were no longer the center of attention.
Mycroft had already fired the people who had been tasked with keeping an eye on his younger brother. They were being replaced immediately and a new team was trying to track down the omega. Sherlock’s flat had been searched and the drugs were found this time. Most ominously a list of drugs was found beside Sherlock’s bed.
“Damn bit of good it will do him now!” Lestrade growled. “He’s the one sick. How is he going to be able to help himself?”
Mycroft didn’t say anything else. He turned and left the flat as silently as he could. Hoping and wishing he would hear Sherlock call him back. That the same small boy who called for him and reached for him when he was scared. But Mycroft heard nothing. He left alone.
He opened the door and went inside were the moments and recollections of John belonged. Framed snapshots of memories. The first time he met John with Mike. The first kiss John had given him. The sunlight in John’s hair as he played rugby. Their first time on the couch together. John’s playfulness as he forced Sherlock to do something he didn’t want to do. How John looked when he first breached Sherlock’s body with his length. John sleeping in his arms. All the precious memories were there. All waiting for Sherlock to go in and relive them.
A few hours later, John show Sherlock that it could be better the second time around. And then the third.
“I am very busy, John. Please, let’s not make this more than it was . . .” the words hung in his throat. He looked away. “I’m sure you can find your own way out.”
“I can easily make a case that Sherlock was not competent at the time of bonding and that John Watson was lying in regards to his reasons for pursuing a bond with my brother. An annulment can be arranged.” Mycroft addressed Greg, ignoring the other two men in the room.
“When we were together he was happy. He was healthy. Have you seen him lately? He told me he hadn’t eaten in days. He is gaunt and thin. He looks like he’s just before jumping off a roof.” John growled.
“Yes several and you are very good at kissing. I would of course like to try it when you haven’t been drinking. I think you might be even more adept sober.”
“Then you will be considered an outlaw and if another British vessel captures you, you and your pirate captain will be hung.”
“Please, John. I’m sorry. I just wanted to know what it was like to kiss you. I don’t want to push you but I like being around you. We’re the same.”
“Good, then I will be rid of him. Maybe I will be rid of my meddlesome family too. Wouldn’t that be wonderful? The two of us free and on our own!”
He pulled out Sherlock’s mobile again and flipped through the contacts. It was there. Lestrade’s number. He quickly typed in a message and hoped if anything did go wrong, then Lestrade would be there – eventually.
“You’ve allowed the brute to bed you, now you should let the gentleman. I can make your time on board enjoyable or torturous.”
It was late when John got off work. It was already dark out when he left St Bart’s and started his slow walk to the Tube Station. His leg was throbbing. His shoulder felt numb. He leaned heavily on the metal crutch. His anger from seeing Sherlock the day before still boiled under his skin.
Mycroft stood watching the two for several seconds then pulled out his mobile. He pressed a button and placed the phone to his ear.
The canvas moved and a man’s face came out from behind the brown tarp. He was early thirties with dark hair and fine features. His eyes were a remarkable dark color, almost black. He wore civilian clothing and seemed too meek to be intimidating.
After Jeanette, John tried dating other women. It seemed John would have one or two dates with a woman, before she either told him she was not interested in dating him, or simply refuse to return his calls. He wasn’t sure, but he thought Sherlock might have something to do with that.
Mike’s eyes switched from the plate up to John’s. “He is more than just interested in you John. Did you know he has scared two girls ways from you?”
“Fifteen and intoxicated. I never told him he was right.” Lestrade took a sip of his coffee as he stared at John. “The next time I saw Sherlock was when he was seventeen. I was on a stake out and some junkie decide to walk right into the front of the car I was sitting in. Vomited all over the bonnet. I got out and was ready to roust the bugger when I recognized him. It was Sherlock. He was thinner and in worse shape than the last time I had seen him. Apparently, he had run away from home after I called his brother two years earlier. I abandoned my stakeout and took him to the A&E. He coded twice that night.”
“John?” Mike stood and went into the kitchen where John was smearing butter across a piece of bread to make a sandwich. “What is he doing here?”
George Blackwood was a tall sailor with dark hair and even darker eyes. He was square-jawed and lean body. His good looks meant he was never for want of feminine company when they were in port. Blackwood had started his life on the sea as a powder monkey when he was eight. He had sailed around Good Hope twice and been all the way to India once before he was on the crew of the Maywand.
“I already told you, you have nothing to apologize for. It was the war . . . you dreamt you were back in combat.”
John turned too. “So you ran repeatedly into his fist, Sherlock? You purposely broke your wrist? You throttled yourself?”
He felt the press of another person’s body over his. He opened his eyes and looked up at the young woman crawling into his lap. She was ginger and thin. Very young. Her eyes were pale blue and bloodshot.
There, standing over a prone body was Sherlock ‘Bloody’ Holmes, waving a broken wine bottle at the police officers.
“We’re okay . . . We’re going to be alright.” John spoke into Sherlock’s curls as the omega openly wept. John couldn’t console him. He pulled Sherlock closer and into his lap.
“We may need to move to a new location. There was a detective hanging around Sherlock. Greg Lestrade of Scotland Yard.” John said to James.
When Sherlock returned, one of the women who was dressed in male clothing opened the door. She let her eyes travel up and down his body before she let him in.
“Did I miss something?” Lestrade asked as he stepped further into the room. The door swung shut behind him.
Barr the crew lowered the next plank down to John and Blackwood. Again the three of them set it into place then Sherlock held it using his weight. With the final nail hammered in, a cheer went up from the ship. John tossed his hammer up and Barr caught it. He looked over at Sherlock who was studying the way the boards fit together.
Sherlock sat in his chair and watched as Victor became a pitiful, whinny victim. He remembered saying the exact same thing the night before. He remembered begging Victor to stop. To stop hitting him. To stop causing him pain. Begging for mercy from the person who supposedly loved him.
“Think about what you have just said, John. Think about what you have just promised. You will be thousands of miles away from him. How could you . . .” Mycroft looked repulsed as his eyes traveled up and down John’s body. “How could you possible protect him. I don’t care what you think of me, but I do care for Sherlock and I won’t be remiss again about his wellbeing.”
The men in the small boat were surprised by their captain’s actions. For a moment they sat still at the oars. Then James shouted.
John’s arms naturally moved to wrap around the thin body of the other man. He hummed at the taste of Sherlock’s mouth. And slid his own tongue languidly against Sherlock’s. It was perfect. As if they had been kissing each other forever, but still new and exciting.
“So it is you who is paying the scholarship! I should have known! Where is the money coming from, Sherlock? How are you paying for that and forcing Mrs. Hudson to give us this flat and everything else?! Is it drugs?!” John felt a stabbing pain to his heart. Sherlock had been treating him like a child. Hiding things from him and lying to him about everything. Had he just lied about loving him?
Sherlock started to follow but John slammed the door in Sherlock’s face. It sounded like a gunshot. Loud and sharp. Sherlock went to the window and watched as John crossed the street below and marched off down the pavement. He wondered how long John would be gone this time. He needed to think. He needed to figure out a way to convince John to give up this ridiculous idea of joining the army.
Immediately, she felt heat circulate through her body. Then her muscles relaxed. She gasped as she laid her head back into the pillows. Her tongue felt swollen and it was difficult to speak.
“Sherlock you said you are doing jobs for him, and now, you admitted to killing someone. You took a person’s life.” John reached under the bed and pulled out his suitcase. He opened it and started haphazardly throwing his clothes in it.
The alpha’s attention was on Moran. Sherlock was shouting something at the man when John cried out again.
“But he called you his friend. Who are you? What do you want from Sherlock Holmes?” There it was. The implied threat in the simple question.
“He came in about two hours ago. As soon as he made the door he was getting drinks. I had to put the word out he was hands off.” Joey said.
John never moved more than arm’s length away from Sherlock. He kept the younger man always in his line of sight. Always within his reach. His fear of losing Sherlock was always near the surface.
Suddenly, Sherlock came out of the shadows and kicked over one of the burning rubbish bins. The sparks and fire poured out across the floor of the tunnel. The woman took off running while Sherlock knelt behind James’ chair and started to untie the man’s bonds.
Lestrade looked questioning at the obviously newest piece of furniture in the otherwise dilapidated flat.
“Send the head to the Black Lotus. Tell them that General Shan was a liability and unavoidable.” Moriarty went to his desk and sat down.
Small snatches of the night before slipped back to him. He remember Moran and Moriarty. He remembered the police raid. He remembered the ‘flash bang’ grenade John had thrown.
John hesitated. He was sure Sherlock was listening somewhere to the interview. “We served together. It’s something soldiers do. Look for their comrades when they get transferred.”
“Lieutenant Colonel James Sholto? Never met him before. Didn’t know a thing about him,” Jim said as he stepped over to the table and sat down. He patted the other chair, beckoning Sherlock over. Sherlock ignored the offer and remained near Frankie. “But he knew Seb. You see my darling tiger is military too. Or was. Colonel Sebastian Moran, formally of the Royal Commandos stationed in Iraq. He and Sholto served together before Sholto was transferred to Afghanistan. And Sholto knew that Moran was a deserter who had murdered his fellow officer during a disagreement over a poker game.”
“Everything? You’ll tell him we were at a party that got raided by the police for illicit drug sales and then were extorted by a member of the Metropolitan Police department?” Sherlock asked sarcastically.
“I know Dimmock was here last night. I also know he was involved in the raid on a house where illicit drug sales were going on.”
Carefully, Sherlock and Blackwood laid John down on the table. Mike immediately went to work. Tearing John’s shirt and exposing the wound.
Frankie locked the door and went over to the master box. He flipped a switch and room lit up with a stark white fluorescent light. It made the club look smaller and more dingy. Sherlock glanced around then back to Frankie.
Sherlock didn’t believe in sharing the housekeeping chores. John was forever cleaning up behind Sherlock. And Sherlock never went to the shops. The only food in the flat was what John brought in and cooked himself.
“Whatever reason you have will have to wait. We still need to find out who wanted me kidnapped in the first place.”
“That’s very observant of you.” John said honestly. “I was a ship’s doctor. I served with James and several members of the crew.”
“I am Sherlock Holmes’ brother. I have been informed that the police would like to question my younger brother and I am here to make sure he receives proper representation.”
He waited to see what Sherlock was going to say, but the younger man simply stared at the wall - ignoring the detective. Greg growled softly and sipped his coat back on. With is mobile in his hand, he didn’t say goodbye as he left. He was busy texting.
John noticed the sour notes blending into Sherlock’s normal scent. The omega was upset. John felt an instinctual need to comfort the omega but his military training told him to remain distant.
“I may not be able to force you to kill yourself in front of your brother, but I can still take you away from him. I’m sure he is watching now.” Moriarty growled.
“I’ve known other omegas.” John said as he smeared a piece of toast through the yolk of his egg. He bit into the crust and the yolk ran down his chin. John wiped it away with his fingers, then licked his finger of the yellow liquid.
“Sherlock you don’t need to . . .” John was surprised by the sudden giggle that escaped his mouth. Sherlock ignored him and flung his giant black coat on.
I want to thank you all for your lovely comments and suggestions. This has been a difficult story to finish. Some of you know why so I won't get into it. But I do appreciate the support and kindness that you all have shown me. Thank you.
“He may have been my mate but he’s been stalking you since the pool. Every time we were London, he sought you out and waited . . . waited for the moment when he could steal you away.” Moriarty hissed.
The woman smiled and handed him the container of hot soup. He opened it and the steam lofted up with the warm and inviting smells of chicken and vegetable with a hint of bay and French thyme. Mycroft couldn’t stop himself. He breathed in deeply and hummed in expectation. The soup might not have solved world problems, but it was the best he had ever had.
As Moran felt the first wave of the orgasm wash over the omega, the solder leaned forward and bit down. He wanted to taste the bright and fresh taste of John. Moran tasted something sharp and bitter like gin. He closed his eyes and bit harder. The rush of blood and James’ scent flooded his mouth as tears slipped down the soldier’s face.
“Sir, there is a police officer here and he is very insistent on speaking to you.” The woman barely glanced up from her blackberry.
“So we start there. We sail to Barbados and you give us the two thousand pounds. We buy supplies for the trip and then sail to England.”
“Again – idiotic! You have risen to an even greater level of stupid!” Sherlock threw his hands up in frustration. His eyes flashed angrily as his face reddened.
“Oh, how unexpected.” Sir Henry seemed disappointed to learn that Mycroft wasn’t a victim of privation.
Sherlock slowly drug his finger through their combined release on his belly. Then Sherlock brought his finger up to lips and tentatively licked at the pearlescence cum. His tongue swirling over the finger lewdly before plunging into his mouth – between those red plump lips.
“Frankie’s Backdoor,” said Sherlock as he pulled himself off the wall he was leaning on. He stepped around the desk so he could look into John’s face. “It was a professional hit. He was murdered by someone who knew who he was and was familiar with killing.”
It was dark when John and Sherlock left the police station. The taxi drove east with the two men sitting silently in the backseat. The situation felt both familiar and awkward at the same time. John wanted to talk. Wanted to tell Sherlock about James and himself, but he couldn’t. The words wouldn’t form. He didn’t know how to start.
“I was shot in the leg at Sangin, but sent back. Then I was too close to a roadside IED and shattered my left eardrum. After that I was medically discharged too.”
“I brought you here of course. The Backdoor is not your normal club, John. Were you experimenting?” Sherlock handed the young man the pills and the water. John took them glancing at them instead of looking Sherlock in the face.
“No, it’s fine. Don’t stop.” Sherlock twisted his face until it was buried into John’s elbow. “Please, don’t stop.”
John glanced back at Greg. The desk in front of him was covered with files. A cup smelling of old coffee sat on the edge next to right hand. The air in the room was stuffy.
John turned to see Sherlock standing behind him. His face was stoic and unreadable. His iridescent eyes were fixed on Isabella, but John knew Sherlock was studying him as well.
“So you would like us to share a bed . . . is there anything you would like us to do in that bed other than sleep?” John couldn’t believe he was saying this to Sherlock, but he felt his heart race and a warmth begin in him.
Sherlock uncrossed his long legs and quickly stood up. “Then we are done. I will be unable to help you, brother dear.”
“Yes,” Blackwood licked his dry lips. He glanced around the empty deck of the sinking ship. “He was a Midshipman on the Maywand.”
Sherlock went to one of the boxes and flung the lid off, tossing the cardboard towards the door. He grabbed a handful of books and set them on the built-in bookshelves. He grabbed another handful of books when he heard the sound of someone clearing his throat.
“Yes, I believe you are correct. It seems that Sherlock has grown attached to Doctor Watson. And I suspect the next time we see the two of them, they will be bonded.”
“They stabilized him. The round tore the shite out of shoulder. They sent him to Germany to save his arm. If he stayed here, they would have had to amputate it.”
“Neither do I.” It was a deep rumble. Sherlock was scared. He needed to fix this but he wasn’t sure how he could. He needed to John to stay. If he left, then Sherlock would be alone again. He didn’t want to be alone. It hurt too much.
Victor would complain when Sherlock did. He didn’t want to get Victor angry at himself again. Victor could be very cruel if he was angry.
The man stepped forward as if to threaten Sherlock. John stepped back slipping out of Sherlock’s grasp. Sherlock stayed relax as he stared the shorter man down and refused to be threatened.
“I’ve loved you since the first time I met you, John. When you told me to learn your name.” Moran’s voice was pleading with John.
Then Sherlock curled up next to his love. He rolled over and curved his body into John’s sleeping one. The two seemed to slot together perfectly. It was as if it was planned to be so. The two were created with each other in mind. Sherlock dragged his long fingers through John’s fine blonde hair. The soft strands slipping like water through his fingers. Sherlock dragged his thumb over John’s swollen lower lip. He couldn’t remember how many times they had kissed but he seemed to remember each kiss individually. The passion and heat of every touch.
Moran stumbled backwards in pain, gasping for breath as he raised his hands to his throat. John leaped forward and rushed down the hall. Moran reached to grab John but only caught the hem of the hospital gown. The worn cloth tore easily. John stumbled but was able to stay on his feet as he ran. Moran’s momentum to pull John back made him fall when the cloth gave way.
“Thank you, John.” He fumbled in his pockets for a moment. “I got this for you.” Sherlock held out his hand.
“Don’t you? He is gorgeous and just asking to be bent over and fucked.” John said trying to sound indifferent.
John knew he was being insulted but couldn’t do anything about it. “Yes, sir.” John saluted as Sholto handed the papers back.
The man got up and started to slowly walk around the room. He looked with contempt at the various mementos of the Holmes family.
“There is an individual who is standing out front for everyone to see. He is believed to be the leader of the organization but he is only window dressing. A puppet to the real leader. The puppet maintains control with fear and ruthless retaliation.” Sherlock said. “But he is only an associate. Someone who does the dirty work for the real leader. Someone who is the face of his enterprise.”
“I say it is and I’m here to buy it.” Sherlock set a thick envelope on the bar before he shoved his hands deep into the pockets of his coat. Moran’s eyes passed over the white envelope but he didn’t reach for it. “Here is your asking price.”
“Always.” Sherlock’s voice was dropping in register as his hands began to move slowly over John’s body.
“Well, I agree but don’t be surprised if Mycroft has other plans. It will be his nephew or niece. I expect tremendous interference from him and my parents.”
John had rolled up the sides of the tent and let the desert breezed blow through the stuffy tent. John was standing up and seemed surprised by James’ news.
John remembered Wilderbrant’s open and expectant face. How happy Wilderbrant looked every time he saw John. John realized that Wilderbrant probably had some sort of crush on him. It made John feel awkward before, but now, after the assault, the idea made John sad. Believing that Wilderbrant was so desperate for a connection to another human being, that he would date a monster like Victor. And now that open and happy face would be marred and damaged forever by that man.
“What I’m thinking is that you were sent there to either seduce Sherlock or murder Victor.” Greg could see that something was shifting inside John. As if the younger alpha was fighting against his conscious.
The day after Moran and Moriarty bonded, the two left for Milan, then Dubai. Moran became the threatening shadow at the powerful omega’s shoulder. If anyone meeting with Moriarty wasn’t intimidated enough by James, the glaring alpha standing behind him scared them to death. Moriarty opened more of his network up to Moran to see. The ex-soldier had only known a little beyond Moriarty’s assassination squad. Now he learned of James’ connection to weapons and illegal drug trade. Human trafficking and extortion. Also he learned that James was involved in numerous legitimate companies around the world. The man’s fingers were controlling the reins of several multinational corporations. He had bonded with a very powerful omega.
Moran saw as John fought to remain calm. Moran was beginning to panic. He wanted to leap from the rafters and run down to the pool deck. He wanted to rip the bomb off John’s body and rush the omega to safety. Why wasn’t Holmes rushing to save John? Why was this happening? John, his John! He had wanted to see the omega again. He wanted to be there for John and now he was going to watch John die. He was going to watch as his boss order his men to shoot the omega he loved. The omega he wanted by his side.
“And then you proceeded to try and slowly kill yourself for the next few years with drugs. Detective Inspector Lestrade and I both had to rescue you from your own foolishness and drug overdoses.”
John twisted on the backseat and pulled the scarf away from Sherlock’s neck. The acrobat had been able to get his hands around the thin neck, leaving dark bruises in the pale skin. Anger swept through the alpha.
“What makes you think my favorite isn’t an omega? You think you are the only one who can get a leg over on one?” James asked before taking a sip of his coffee.
“Lean forward as you pull the trigger. Don’t let it push you backwards. Hold your stance.” John could hear the man even through his hearing protection earphones. John did what he was told.
After the side of the ship was blown up, he didn’t remember much. Only that Doctor Watson was there with him. He was told that Dr. Watson and the other men pulled him from the water. His body was torn and bloody. He finally woke up on an island. Dr. Watson was pouring coconut milk into his mouth. His body ached and he could bare move. Dr. Watson stayed with him day and night until they were rescued by the British Navy.
The door opened and Mycroft’s assistant, Anthea walked in followed by Sherlock. Mycroft removed his hand from the gun discreetly and returned his attention to the file on the desk.
“You can’t honestly believe this can you?” Smith argued. “They’re making me sound like some kind of serial killer.”
James pressed the small radio device attached to the uniform. “Alpha one, area secure. Go John.” James took off the constable helmet he was wearing and walked back into the building.
He took off chasing after Jeanette. She made it to the Tube station before John could reach her. Apparently, she had waited on the pavement in front of his building for him. She was expecting him to come rushing after her and apologize. Beg her to return. But when that hadn’t happened, Jeanette was even more upset than before. The next day, John received a text from her telling him she never wanted to see him again.
“If you like, I could give you rub down later. I’m sure your shoulder is throbbing after that hit.” Wilderbrant offered.
“Lestrade. Greg Lestrade.” The British officer said between gasps. “And I’m an officer in the British Navy. You can not take me as your prisoner.”
Mycroft didn’t wait for an answer but instead marched to the closed door and entered. Sherlock was sitting up in bed. He was wearing an old t-shirt with faded lettering. Mycroft could barely make out the letters RMAC. The dark grey sheets were pooled around his waist and various newspapers were scattered across the bed.
“Why do you think I want . . . are those my suppressants?!” John reached over and grabbed the bottle Sherlock had been turning over and over in his hands. “It was on by bed table! . . . Sherlock, I’ve told you to stay out of my room!”
John shouted and took off at a run, but the cab drove off before he could reach it. The killer was driving away with Sherlock.
John walked into the sitting room and glanced around. Everything was just as he had left it days before. He walked into the kitchen still shouting. “Sherlock? It’s me, John.”
“I’m being forced to do so. I hate the man and have begged my brother to cancel the contract but he won’t.”
John closed his eyes. He knew Sherlock would be looking for him. He knew Sherlock would never rest till he found John. Nothing would stop Sherlock. John tried to hold tight to that knowledge that he mattered to the detective. That John was important to the remarkable man.
John gave a weak laugh and stepped closer to Sherlock. He fought the urge to take the young man in his grasp and ravage him again. John looked into Sherlock’s silver eyes and sighed.
Lestrade nodded his head and marched out with Mycroft at his side and the government man following meekly behind.
The man glared at John. “You know that giving false evidence in a criminal investigation is illegal?”
A week and a half after John had brought Sherlock home to his flat he came home at half three in the morning. He just wanted to collapse on the couch and sleep. He was exhausted. The worry over money and school was taking a toll on John. He was losing weight and having a difficult time keeping up with his teammates. He just wanted to sleep. He opened the door and nearly tripped over the boxes stacked there. Suddenly, John felt sick. He thought the fates were kicking him in the teeth again. John thought his landlord had beaten him to the punch and was having his things packed up to be set on the kerb.
John closed the door of the bathroom before he could be pulled into a conversation about using parasites to track and identify people. He needed to take a quick shower, making sure his problem was dealt with. He tried using memories of Jeanette and his other girlfriends to speed up the process, but nothing worked. He finally allowed the memory of Alfie walking away from him in the shower to stimulate him. John could hear the man whispering in his ear. The deep sultry voice. Then, in his imagination the voice was replaced by a deeper, more rumbling voice. A pale face with dark hair. A gasped whispered,
“He is corrupt!” John continued ignoring Sherlock’s warning. “He came here last night. Attacked Sherlock then demanded money!”
Sherlock palmed the hardened length of John’s cock through the man’s clothes. John whimpered and pushed back into the touch.
“It honestly didn’t matter if Culverton Smith confessed to murdering Victor or not. My position within the government hasn’t been adversely affected.” Another lie.
“Oh, very simply this time. A witness.” Jim said as he finally sat down on the couch. He spread his arms out over the back. A wild smile across his face. “Mycroft will be heard by several witnesses arguing with his younger brother about his chosen bondmate. Then our dear Anthea, fearing for the safety of the helpless omega, Sherlock, will rush in here but it will be too late. She will see Mycroft fire his gun. The bullet will of course strike you in the heart and kill you instantly. Shame really, a prolonged agonizing death would have been pleasurable to watch but we can’t have you telling anyone that our little murder scene is fake. So, where was I? Oh, yes . . . Anthea will rush in see Mycroft Holmes shoot and kill his brother. Mycroft Holmes will of course profess his innocence but no one will believe him and he will spend the rest of his days in prison. And if for some reason you escape a conviction, there will always be Dr. John Watson willing to hunt him down and gut him.”
Sherlock smiled. “Well, obviously have a pup together. I will notify Mrs. Hudson that we will need the attic space.” Sherlock pushed himself back from the table and stepped away from the confused omega. It was time to test his theory about John.
“I don’t care.” Sherlock stepped closer to John. “I’m leaving with Captain Watson and crew of the Mary Morstan. You can not stop me.”
Two men fell in behind Sherlock and Moran. They walked down a hall and around the corner leading to the stairs. For a moment, Sherlock thought Moran would pull him into the stairwell. The idea of racing down twenty stories seemed a bit daunting. Then Moran walked passed the door for the stairwell and up to the door for the freight lift. He pressed the button and glanced around.
It had been years since Sherlock have been at this dance club. Frankie’s Backdoor had changed names to the Enclave and catered to different crowd. The walls were still painted black, but there were more tables now and the stage was gone. The dance floor was smaller and the bar itself was larger. The bartenders were no longer dressed in tight-fitting jogging shorts but in black trousers and black shirts with lavender ties. The lighting was more subdued and the drinks more expensive.
Adrenaline was pumping through John’s veins as he tried to type. His fingers shook and he had to redo the message twice.
She hesitantly reached for the box and cautiously picked it up. She held it out in front of her at arms’ length.
The Morstan suddenly lurched forwards as McMath fired the long nines. Morstan’s sails caught the wind coming down over the mountains of St. Thomas and the ship picked up speed.
Sherlock rhythmically squeezed his fingers up John’s cock and the blonde keened loudly and then buried his face in Sherlock neck. Sherlock closed his teeth down over John’s neck and John shoved his fist into his mouth to cover his scream. He came in his pants, with Sherlock’s hand smearing the release over John’s pulsating member.
Sherlock ignored the jab and set his cup down. “This feud between you and Mycroft is becoming far too expensive to continue.”
John was looking down at the open suitcase. Harry’s clothes were tossed into it haphazardly. As he stared down at it, he heard the sound of clinking glass and muttering from the open bathroom door. The sound of breaking glass and his sister cursing.
“Great Britain.” The corner of Mycroft’s lips curled for a moment then flattened. He opened the box and turned it so  the firelight glinted off the medal and the blue satin ribbon. A relief of King William’s face was on the front of the medal with words, ‘Pro Regis et patriae’ curved around the bottom.
“Then you should hurry. The sooner you go the police the sooner we will be able to go to Northumberland Street and capture this killer.” Sherlock said with a dismissive tone.
“Why wait? We captured your criminal. His network will collapse. Our job is done. Pay us.” Sherlock ticked off.
Sherlock frowned. The corners of his mouth pulled down. John thought he even looked more adorable than before. John wanted to wrap his arms around the omega and take him to bed. To cover him in his scent and drive every other alpha away. John forced himself to look away and turn to James.
The patient’s room door was supposed to be locked, but Moriarty had made sure he would be able to enter the room. He didn’t knock. He hesitated, listening through the closed door. Making sure the voice he heard belonged to whom he wanted to see. The nasal tone was distinctive. He quickly turned the handle and walked in.
“Also, I want to know how we can manipulate this situation in Washington D. C. to our benefit. See if we can establish more conduits into the US while their president and congress are in a deadlock.”
“Because I observe.” Sherlock snapped back. “I’m not an idiot like some people. Now take me home because we all know you are not going to shoot me tonight.”
“I will admit that I had expectations of developing a more personal relationship with you.” Mycroft said as he finally looked up into the woman’s quizzical face.
John’s nimble fingers undid the buttons and loosened the strings, giving him access to Sherlock’s engorged member. With the first light touch, Sherlock arched his back and brought his hips up to meet John’s hand.
“John . . . no, God . . . I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to . . . John.” Moran acted horrified by what he had done. He reached out again for the man but John slapped his hands away.
“Lestrade said something about me solving some murder once. I truthfully have no idea what he is talking about.” Sherlock smiled.
“Look, just put the bottle down.” An officer to Sherlock’s right tried to talk to the intoxicated man.
“He is my consultant. And I told you earlier, Mycroft Holmes would not do something like this.” Lestrade said.
Sir Henry shrunk back from the woman’s patronizing comment. Mycroft struggled to reframe from smiling. Baskerville narrowed his eyes and sneered at the other two people. He turned to Mycroft, noticing the slight twitch of a smile at the corners of Mycroft’s eyes.
His hands quit shaking as Sherlock stared at the photo. He’s seen that scar before. He thought. Memories of people and places flashed rapidly through his mind. People and places. Where Sholto was murdered. Sholto at the Enclave. The Enclave and Frankie. Frankie and the stranger. Jim. Jim and his bodyguard. The blond man with the scar on his face.
“If you like.” John felt warm. His hand reached out and started to lightly rub along Sherlock’s shin and calf.
Ropes were being tossed down to the small boat. Blackwood caught the rope and tied it off. The men aboard the Morstan quickly pulled the small boat alongside. Blackwood scrambled up the side as other ropes were lowered to haul the boat aboard.
Moran leaned forward and kissed John’s surprised mouth. John tried to pull away, but Moran slipped his hand behind John’s neck and held him tight. John squirmed and fought to push the alpha away. Moran pulled back as John shouted into the man’s face.
“Away from ‘ere! I’ve been working tak’n care of you and me for too fuck’n long. I’m done!” Harry frowned and pushed John away.
Moriarty listened for a moment then slammed the receiver back down into its cradle. He glared at Sherlock then Seb.
John knew he was being followed. He saw the first tail two weeks after the trial. At first he thought they were Mycroft’s men, but Mycroft assured him they were not.
John looked up at the man, then mirrored the smile. He took the final step that brought the two of them together. John tipped his head slightly to the side and Seb leaned down to meet his lips. Seb could feel the pressure release in his chest. John still trusted him. He still could keep John with him.
The members had changed to the same degree over the years. It was still a ‘Gentleman’s Club’. Diogenes had been able to skim under the requirements of the law to allow any female members. Mainly because powerful women didn’t wish to join, but that was considered for the best. Women members might insist on more modernization to the club rules. The male members of the Diogenes Club relished it’s stuffy and stilted rules. Men of perseverance, of power, of constraint. Never the faces pictured in newspapers or flashed across the screen of television sets. But the men who accomplished running the world. Governments, countries, wars, and peace. Not leaders of industry nor politicians answering to a constituency but leaders all the same. Silent and invisible. Powerful and resourceful.
Sherlock glared at the older man then pulled John closer to him. He wrapped his arm around John’s waist and waved a taxi down. Sherlock gave the driver the address for his flat on Montague Street.
John stepped off the ladder and waited to see if he was heard. No one seemed to be leaving any of the rooms. The floor appeared to be empty, but the house was not.
The sound of someone walking closer echoed in the dim light. John squinted trying to see if he was correct. He saw the thin legs first. The trim leg of the grey trousers. Then the rest of the man came into the light cast by the car’s headlamps.
He moved swiftly out of the bedroom as the police officers and John followed him. Sherlock glanced at the other bedroom. The room looked pristine. The bed was still made. The bathroom untouched.
John opened the door of the flat and stepped in. His head was down as he focused on the information from the army recruiter.
Another clap of thunder and first splatters of rain hit the deck. John dropped his hands away and turned to shout at Billy.
“What can you say about the repeated failure of an assassin to kill an individual?” The woman from the Chinese acrobats stepped out of the shadows and into the light. In her hand she held a small .380 automatic. She slid back the action and held it to John’s head. John twisted his arms trying to free himself. He could feel the rough rope bite into the flesh of his wrists. “It tells me that the assassin wasn’t trying hard enough.”
Sherlock shook. He hoped John would never hear that. He knew how much John would blame himself if he did.
“John, the odds against you actually knowing someone who has been murdered are quite high. Make that two individuals, the odds increase logarithmically. The odds of having both men murdered with the same weapon and not be connect are astronomical. So we must consider there is a connection. I agree that you are not the connection, but I need more data before I can solve this.”
He found a pistol in the hand of a dead sailor. He picked it up and cocked the hammer back. Stepping up behind Holmes, he thought of all the trouble the Holmes had caused him. The blockades they had set up to stop him from his final goal. The meddling and arrogance of Mycroft Holmes. This would be perfect. Baskerville would get his revenge. He would score the final victory in his battle with Mycroft Holmes. The real death of Sherlock.
Sherlock gracefully knelt to the deck then swung his feet up onto the anvil. The man with hammer grabbed Sherlock’s ankle and positioned the wedge over the lock.
“Bonding takes place during intercourse. When an alpha bites the scent gland of the omega and releases the bonding hormone, vinculumatin. The hormone works in concert with other chemicals released during sex to stimulate the anterior pituitary and the frontal lobes of the omega brain. While the alpha tastes both the hormone and the omega’s blood, imprinting it.”
“Yes, John, fascinating creatures. I think I will make it my new hobby.” Sherlock pulled John further into the cottage closing the door behind them.
“Not that I’m not happy for you and feel you are responsible enough to make your own choices, but what about Archibald?” Sherlock asked.
John rushed past the corporal and to the partial buried communication warren. John tripped down the stairs and into the room. Colonel Bennett was standing next to the radio operator.
Magnussen looked at the rearview mirror. The driver’s eyes were staring back at him. Magnussen nodded and the car pulled over to the side of the road. Sherlock jumped out of the car. He rushed as far from the car as he could before he stopped. He turned and watched as the black saloon drove away. Sherlock’s heart still pounding in his chest.
I am terrible sorry about the delay in getting this chapter out. Please forgive me. Also there is a clinical type description of child birth. Be ware.
John cocked his head to the side and frowned. He didn’t remember talking to Frankie about his family but maybe he had. It had been five years since he had seen the man.
“And I actually have a great idea for the sniper’s nest if I can get within fifteen meters of them.” Hanson smiled.
Sherlock turned away from his brother and casually walked into the sitting room. Mycroft followed his brother, watching as Sherlock slowly circled the room. Mycroft removed his coat and tossed it towards Anthea. The woman, despite appearing to be oblivious to her boss, caught it immediately. She folded the coat over her arm as she walked away.
Suddenly the front window of the building busted out as a chair was thrown through it. A body flung itself through the open window and rolled across the porch. Rolling away from the fire and out across the lawn.
He removed a small pale blue envelope from inside his coat and handed it to Mycroft. Mycroft recognized the handwriting immediately. Sir Henry watched expectantly – hoping to know what private communications Queen Mary had with Lord Holmes. Mycroft slipped the letter into the inner pocket of his jacket unread.
“As long as you are with me, then I will put up with Mycroft’s meddling. As long as you stand beside me.” John and Sherlock stared at each other then back to Frankie. “Do you promise to leave? To disappear?”
Years later, Siger Holmes had  pushed for the king’s niece, James’ daughter, Mary, to marry her cousin, William of Orange. Mary was only fifteen. Mycroft had grown up with Mary and after she was married, Mycroft traveled with her back to the Netherlands and stayed with her for a year as a confidant. Although he was only a year older than Mary, she grew to rely on his judgement and wisdom.
The Morstan cannons fired again. McMath’s aim was deadly. Sherlock watched and the gun ports on the Vengeance exploded. The starboard side of the ship had a gaping hole at mid-deck. The ship didn’t return fire but kept sailing right into the side of the Morstan.
“Sherlock was young. Only three when our father left us for his mistress, Jessica Moriarty. She had already given birth to her son, James, by the time he left."
John laughed bitterly. He looked up at Sherlock. The older man could see the years on John’s face. The time that had aged him more than seven years. John looked back down.
“Did you put your brother first when Magnussen showed up with that thumb drive and the threat of blackmail?”
John let his tongue lick over Sherlock’s lips and felt the younger man shiver underneath him. Sherlock pulled John closer so he was laying on top of Sherlock. With his hand free to roam, John let his stroke down Sherlock’s side - feeling the lean muscles of the young man’s body. Listening as Sherlock groaned and twisted under him.
2017       John let Moran take him to the bedroom. They undressed each other slowly and kissed as skin was exposed. John closed his eyes and forced himself to relax. To let the other man lead. It felt like it had been years since anyone had touched John this way. There had are been quick and stolen moments in the army. Hand jobs and the rare oral but to be naked and wrapped in another person’s arms, John didn’t want to remember who had been the last person. He knew it wasn’t Sherlock, but he didn’t want to even compare lovers. He just wanted to let go and forget.
“Agreed. Finally, I promise to not bring my drug use into the flat and I will reframe from excessive use.”
Dimmit stood up and glared after John. “When I have multiple murders they always have two things in common. The weapon and murderer. We know the same gun killed Trevor and Sholto. And we have you. Nothing else connects these two men but knowing you.”
Mycroft Holmes stared at his younger brother for several seconds before he waved his hand and the body guard released Sherlock.
Sherlock reached into his pocket and pulled out slim money clip. He pulled two bills out and handed them to Dimmock.
John took a moment to study the wall and it’s patchwork of cuttings. There were newspaper clippings about robberies and drug confiscations. There were two ‘missing persons’ articles as well.
John watched as Sherlock looked up, elongating his body. Sherlock’s own swollen member slapping luridly against his abdomen as Sherlock bounced up and down on the alpha. John reached over and took the length in his hand and started to stroke it in time to Sherlock’s rhythm. The younger omega cursing and swearing as he finally was able to push John’s swollen knot into his body.
Moran growled again. The omega doctor didn’t turned to look at the alpha. Never before had an omega dismissed Moran so abruptly. Before Moran could answer the omega, Murray wheeled the man out of the triage and into the bright light of the Afghan sun. Moran spent the rest of the day in the ortho ward getting the gunshot wound in his leg stitched and the leg set. He growled at the omega who was setting his leg and the young man quickly bowed his head and dropped his hands down. Moran wondered why the doctor hadn’t shown the same deference to the alpha as a normal omega did.
Sherlock struggled to his feet and made his way out of the boat and to the wardroom. That is when he heard John shouting.
“No, John. I won’t let you.” Sherlock said as he turned away from John. His heart beginning to pound hard in his chest. He tore the letter up as he took three long strides away from John.
Moran roared again in anger and pain. He fired again, but the gun clicked on an empty magazine. Moran heaved the gun at John. John ducked and the gun sailed through the window. The glass shattered and cold air rushed in.
“Never can tell with those two, dearie. Just try tonight, I think.” She gently pushed the other beta out the door and smiled at Moran before she closed it.
He firmly tapped the butt of the gun on the glass once and it shattered inwardly. He reached through the glass and unlocked the window. He pulled on the frame and it lifted up and out of the way. Again it was a narrow squeeze and John barely made it through the small opening.
“The homicide? Yes, Sherlock told me about that.” Victor looked back at Sherlock. The younger man’s expression was blank and emotionless. “It is a shame that no one listened to my darling.”
Or at least that is what King James II said to his counselors. “The man is a traitor to the crown and the country. I want him dead!”
“John?” James Sholto was standing on the mid-deck and John marched out of his cabin. “What’s the orders?”
“Look, help me find Sherlock, then I’ll confess to anything you want . . . the armored car robbery, Victor Trevor’s murder . . . the great fucking train robbery! Whatever you want . . . just help me get Sherlock back!” John shouted.
He pushed Sherlock forward and the man crashed into his brother. Knocking both of them off balance. Mycroft quickly grabbed Sherlock and stopped him from falling but it was neither graceful nor compassionate.
John didn’t immediately reply and Sherlock thought his words were lost under the sound of the shower. Then John said softly back, “me too.”
Sherlock blinked his eyes as he woke up the next morning. He was warm and although sore, he felt relaxed. He laid contently in John’s embrace. He felt the alpha’s strong arms wrap protectively around his body. For the first time in his life, Sherlock felt at ease. He sighed and twisted to bring his nose closer to John’s hair. He breathed deep the warm spicy scent of the alpha. Sherlock hummed.
“Now Violet, you know that is not true.” He said as he picked up a silver framed photo of the family.
Sherlock grabbed the second bag with the other champagne flute in it and repeated tearing the bag open and sniffing and touching the glass.
The accountant raised his hand tentatively. “If I may suggest, we can increase smuggling through Canada and Florida than elsewhere. The Canadian border is sparsely populated and Florida has a greater percentage of corruptible police and politicians.”
In the morning he returned to the flat. His suitcase was packed and sitting in the hallway. Sherlock was gone and Mrs. Hudson was crying.
John pulled the butt of the gun tight to his shoulder and rested his cheek on the stock. He placed the sight on the center circle of the target. Then fired.
There is something very decadent about having sex in the afternoon. The sunlight through the drawn shades bathed the room in a warm golden light, but everything was still visible. Nothing was hidden between the two lovers.
“This is important, Myc. I don’t know what has happened but you must put an end to this immediately.” Violet Holmes said.
The men of the Appledore left the Morstan and cut the line that held the two ships together. John tried to rise to his feet but the opium that Mike had given him was taking effect. He collapsed down into James’ lap. The last thing John saw as the drug pulled him under was the sun rising over the sea.
Sherlock seemed to disconnect from the conversation as he searched his memory. He recalled the case. He couldn’t solve it because he kept thinking about John. How wonderful their night together had been and how horrible he felt after he had sent John away.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and resumed his bored attitude. “You’re being obtuse again, John. Of course with me. In this bed. Here.” He waved his arms over the mattress.
He knew he was running out of time. Mycroft’s surveillance team must have found him by now and when they realized whose flat he was at, Mycroft would swoop in and kidnap Sherlock away.
The description made Sherlock’s stomach twist. He felt sick. Memories of Magnussen’s assault rushed back into Sherlock’s mind.
He glanced around and Magnussen was gone. Missing. Baskerville wondered briefly if the man had been killed.
Sherlock nodded his head and one of the men stepped forward and started shooting his gun at the display of bottles behind the bar. The fourteen rounds in the automatic broke bottle after bottle. The alcohol cascaded down and pooled on the floor. The rounds shattered the large ornate mirror hanging on the wall behind bottles.
He waved his hand and the rope holding John was loosened. John fell. Blackwood and McMath rushed forward and caught him. They gently laid John onto the deck.
John felt the air being sucked out of his lungs. He hated this woman. He hated that he believed Sherlock cared more for her than him. And as much as this was destroying him, he knew Sherlock’s happiness meant more to him than his own. If she could make Sherlock happier than he could, John would have to stand back and let her.
Sherlock imagined John standing there as water ran down his strong body. Over his arms and legs as it conformed to outlines of his muscles. Sherlock wondered if John would be as tanned on his upper body as his face and hands were. Would there be a stark tan line at his waist? Would his well-muscled backside be pale white? Would it be as round and defined as it looked in the jeans he wore?
John quickly fell into a routine. Morning in class, afternoons at rugby practice and every other night working at Frankie’s. Saturdays were game days but Sunday morning was his favorite. Mornings laying in bed with Sherlock. Warm bodies, soft kisses, and pleasurable touches. The two of them cocooned in in their under the blankets and wrapped in each other’s arms. John was happy. Probably the happiest he had ever been. He couldn’t stop smiling all the time.
Mycroft leaned back in his chair and crossed his long legs. He steeple his fingers under his chin and began to tell his brother his plans for the two of them.
Sherlock didn’t stop now. He openly stroked John through his tight jeans. John could not hold back any longer, either. He groaned and reached up to grip Sherlock’s arms.
“Yes, but he was far more prolific than myself. I haven’t even murdered a child yet. Some reports put his number at forty people he murdered and disposed of, including ten children.” Smith said with a smile, as he thumbed through the screens on the tablet.
“And the stipulation of the agreement was that you lived with Victor Trevor. As far as I can tell, he no longer lives here.”
“Brother dear, we had an agreement. And from what I see, you have already broken it.” Mycroft smiled as he stepped aside and let four large men rush in behind him.
John stepped inside and closed the door. He moved into the shadows and waited. He knew Frankie didn’t have a gun but Frankie might not be alone.
Moriarty looked over at the accountant who was pale and sweating. The young man looked like he was about to pass out as he stared at the dead body.
“Is it my fault the men waste their time drinking. I plan accordingly and make sure I have time for other pleasures.” John said as he put his other boot on. James simply laughed.
Mycroft ignored the man and sat down in Sherlock’s leather chair. The omega heard the sound of stretching leather and tried to roll out of John’s lap. The alpha tightened his hold on Sherlock. The two men looked at each other. John could see the annoyance in Sherlock’s eyes but knew it wasn’t directed towards him. Sherlock rubbed his cheek against John’s jeans and smiled. John growled softly. A rumbling sort of growl to let the omega know he approved of the affection.
“So . . . not your illegitimate brother?” John asked. He didn't want to analyze why the thought relieved him.
He then went to work in the sitting room. Even though it was still winter, he opened the windows and let the fresh air in. Against Sherlock’s specific instructions, he dusted everywhere. He put every book properly away on the book shelf and even removed the clutter from the desk. Finally around seven he went and borrowed Mrs. Hudson’s vacuum cleaner and hovered the rugs. By the time he finished, he was exhausted but the flat was cleaner than it had ever been since they moved in.
“Dead. I sent Jerry to track them down and he found them shot. Each on had been shot twice in the chest and once in the head.”
John stopped Sherlock from saying anything else as he pushed his lips into Sherlock’s. He kissed and nipped at the younger man’s mouth. Sherlock’s shirt fell to the floor and John moved over to Sherlock’s neck. Kissing down the man’s collar bone and across his chest.
And the kisses continued. A simple one given by one man to the other every night before bed. A simple brush of lips to a check or a tap in the other’s hair. Sometimes Sherlock would give John a kiss before he retired to his bedroom, sometimes John would kiss Sherlock before he crashed on the couch. Occasionally, Sherlock would search John out for the goodnight kiss. Knocking on the bathroom door specifically to receive the kiss. John continued to tell himself it was just a friendly gesture, although he would never have kissed Mike or Eddy. John didn’t want to spend too much time considering the implications of it.
Sherlock’s eyes flashed and he seemed to relax but only slightly. “You didn’t offend me, John. And I wish I could be as spontaneous as you were.”
“Looks who finally awake,” she hummed. “I’ve been waiting for you. He said I could have you first if I was a good girl.” She reached for the buttons on Sherlock’s jeans.
Sherlock paused then slowly nodded his head. “If the organization withered away, there is no reason to believe Moriarty really wasn’t the leader of it. Everyone will believe he was the mastermind.”
“That’s not what the evidence says.” Greg held up a stack of file folders. “These are copies of ledgers from Moriarty’s flat and office. Your name is mentioned. He listed you as someone working for him.”
He tore the paper and opened the letter. He recognized the scrawled handwriting of his sister immediately.
“Acquaintance? Is that all I am now? I thought after last weekend I would at least rate close friend. So how sore are you?”
Before he made it to the door, he heard the street door open and the sound of footsteps shuffling up the stairs. John stood in the sitting room with his arms crossed over his chest. A scowl on his face as Sherlock stepped into the room. The tall man weaved slightly in the open doorway as his eyes finally landed on John.
John twisted and nipped sharply at the tender skin on the inside of Sherlock’s thigh. Sherlock gasped and John watched as the omega’s swollen length jumped. Precum rushed out of the slit and glistened the top. The scent of slick lofted up and drew John closer.
They finished their jog near the officer’s quarters, where John would wave goodbye and go in to shower. This time as they approached the double door, Moran slowed down and grabbed John’s upper arm. John stopped and looked up at the colonel.
For a moment everyone thought Roylott was going to attack. He glared down at John, but John refused to give way. He returned the man’s scowl with flint hardness that was colder than a blizzard.
“We are only just starting to take over, Sherlock. There will be so many more things I will need you to do.”
Sherlock’s words came back to John instantly. They only made him angrier. He growled as he clenched his fists. People swerved to avoid bumping into the man as John marched down the pavements and further away from Sherlock. After all these years, Sherlock still knew exactly how to get under John’s skin.
