Thank you to everyone who's checked out this story so far! It means a lot! :)
What wasn't a relief was the round of applause she and Steve got as they exited the vehicle. It was startling, but Natasha didn't let it show under her emotionless mask. When the people started to crowd around them, though, it became a little bit harder to do so. It wasn't until Hill started screaming at the crowd to back off that they finally started to. Slowly but surely, the three could make their way inside, though not without the occasional shouts of their names and the flashes of cell phone cameras.
"That's his M.O., isn't it?" Everyone turned to look at Bruce "I mean, what are we, a team? No, no, no, we're a chemical mixture that makes chaos. We're a time bomb."
"Are you the one who brought him here?" Dr. Rawls asked.
Steve looked down and away, bowing his head. He felt his chest tightening and his mouth becoming dry. He had no response he could give. Not without revealing that he had homosexual tendencies and was attracted to Tony. However, the anxiety was building in his chest and he couldn't take it anymore. He had to do something to relieve it; to keep his fears from sucking him down completely. He looked back up at Tony. If just getting one worry off his chest would ease some of the burdens, then he wouldn't hesitate to take the chance.
"One." Lara let out a groan of annoyance. "To be fair, I spent most of yesterday sleeping."
"And I you, Brother Duane," Adoniram said. "You are dismissed."
She tried to listen in on the conversation the woman was having with who she assumed was her superior, but likewise to her surroundings, there wasn't much interesting to be found. Once she explained the situation, the woman gave mostly yes or no answers. Not being able to gain anything from that, it took all the strength Carol had not to start pacing out of sheer impatience.
Originally posted to FFN on 6/1/18.
"I'm sorry," he said rather honestly. "I don't mean to pry or accuse you in any way…"
"I want to go see Clint." Hill raised an eyebrow.
"Well, let's just hope it doesn't become field work then," Natasha said. "She's an even match to me and Lisa knows her way around a gun, but I don't want either of them to be put in that position."
"Agent Romanoff," he said. "What do you think you're doing?"
"No."
"Actually," he said. "I think I'll stay here." Smith raised her eyebrows.
"Tough shit," Fury said. "You've got a lot of people worried sick about you. It's time to get you back to where you belong." Tony couldn't help but laugh.
"You did it," she congratulated. "I'm so proud." Tony felt a little twinge in his heart, thinking of all the times Pepper had to clean up after his drunken antics over the years and how long she'd probably been waiting for him to take this step. He knew nothing he could say or do could instantly make up for it, but he hoped that the hug could be a start.
"Captain Rogers," the man said. "I was just coming to check up on you. Agent Wylie. I work with Dr. Fox." He held out his hand to shake. Steve took it but remained wary. Tony's warnings about patient rights and blood tests ringing clearly in his ears. "So, how are you feeling?" the agent asked. "Notice anything unusual?"
"Thanks," she said. "So, do you know if he's awake?" Steve shrugged.
Bruce had to fight to keep his pulse steady. He couldn't afford to Hulk-out; not here and not now. Still, anger couldn't help but leak through. Someone set out to hurt him; hurt the closest things he had to friends in a long time. It stung and all he wanted to do was find the people responsible
"I'm fine," Clint tried to assure, but Natasha would not take it.
"You should probably stay away from the windows in case there's an aftershock," Rhodey warned, but Steve wasn't deterred. He knew his body could withstand a lot worse than a little broken glass. Thus, he was unconcerned as he moved to the other side of the room to get a better look out the window.
"Do any of you know who keeps fucking with the elevator?" he asked. "Because this shit is not funny." A guilty look came across Steve's face as he remembered what Lara had done earlier.
"I'm not saying that," Tony said. "But if they happen to be tall, tan, blond,
"This is serious, Conroy," he said. "I'm not joking. You need to call the police right away."
"These are separate rooms." Both Stark and Clint gave the doctor a strange look, but neither wanted to argue the definition of 'separate' right then and there. Instead, they just shook their heads and found their spots. Stark took the bed on the left, and Clint took the one on the right. "Just so you know," the doctor continued. "We will be closely monitoring these rooms via CC TV. The doors off to the sides of each of you lead to a nurses' station. We ask you not to enter those spaces and hit the call button on the remotes connected to the bed if you need something."
"My head still hurts, but it's not as bad now." Through Pepper's silence, he could tell that he was getting that look again. "It's still bad, but I'm fine. I can function."
"Listen, Doc…" It was only then that Tony realized he had an oxygen mask covering his nose and mouth. He tried to raise his hand to lift it up but was quickly reminded that his hands were restrained. Luckily, the doctor did the kind thing by lifting his mask, so he could speak. "Listen, Doc, I know I didn't properly check out. I knew what I was doing was wrong, but I did it anyway. I'm not going to apologize for it, though. I had to leave, there was no other choice." The doctor allowed the mask to snap back over his mouth and nose.
"Yeah," Steve said. "But you can't deny that you enjoy it." Alright, Tony had to give Steve that, especially since he wasn't wearing any clothes to obscure the view of his flexing muscles. "Where do you want this?"
After going over the rules one last time, Freeman and Lara left to take their places in the crowd. They would be sitting in the fifth row to the left of the left aisle; easy to spot if one of them became nervous. Despite the hell that he had already been through, doubted that he would need it but had to admit that it was just a little comforting to know that someone familiar was there. He could imagine it would be a lot more so for the others.
am the one who will assess his condition; the
"Or maybe you're just so needy you're easy to satisfy." Tony shrugged.
"I would say so."
"No," Carol said. "Wait, do I have to chase down a nuke?"
S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent Clint Barton had been assigned to monitor the operations of Project P.E.G.A.S.U.S. all the way back in April. It wasn't the most exciting assignment in the world. Most of the time he just sat up in his perch and watch the scientists work diligently down below. No one ever did anything suspicious, they just went about their business. It was tedious, but Clint never took his eyes away from the lab down below. If he looked away for even a second, that could be the one second that put the entire operation and everyone in the lab in danger. So, he silently watched day in and day out, secretly looking forward to the day where they wrapped this whole thing up and he could go home.
Natasha's face fell flat with shock and beside her, she noticed Steve visibly tense. Yup, that was exactly what they wanted to do today; explain the 9/11 terrorist attacks and the intricacies of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to a woman with clearly explosive powers. That sounded like tons of fun! Sarcasm aside, neither Bruce nor Clint seemed particularly enthused about the idea either and thankfully Bruce was quick to pull away from that topic.
"I'm not sure…" Tony had to admit, he didn't pay much attention to those bridge dwellers or why they gathered in front of his tower. He just knew he wanted them gone. The alcohol wasn't doing much to help his recollection, either. That didn't stop him from finishing off his glass, though. "It could be? I don't know. I don't remember."
"And no one's with him?"
Natasha was sitting so her back faced the windows that the reporters had gathered in front of. It went against all her training, but she dared not look behind her. She didn't want to give the paparazzi a full, wide view of her face and she wasn't going to. Instead, she kept her mind on her book and ignored the incessant tapping on the glass and the muffled, frenzied shouts of "Hawkeye!" and "Black Widow!" Clint seemed to do the same with his phone.
"Not for too long, I don't think," Steve said. "Bruce and Natasha stayed in the living room overnight last night, but Lara and Clint have only been here for about twenty minutes."
"Because I would've had to kick your ass if you pulled me away from a real emergency across the universe," Carol explained. "Believe it or not, there are a lot of those."
"Do you feel like you're going to throw up right this minute?" Tony shook his head.
"I know it's not going to be alright," Rhodey said. "We don't live in a world where it can be alright. I can't fix that, but I need you to stay in this world with us, because otherwise things will never be alright again."
"So that's it?" she questioned.
Oswin sat in her jail cell, playing with the mattress tag at the end of her bunk.
"I'm fine," he said. "I just knew I shouldn't give S.H.I.E.L.D. any blood samples."
The walk to the end of the street was arduous. It would have only taken a few minutes walking at a normal pace, but having to support an uncoordinated, poisoned man slowed Jessica down considerably. They almost hit a snag when the bus that brought the workers to Salinas' started coming up the road. Luckily, Jess was a fast thinker and Stark had a pair of blankets wrapped around him. She pulled one of the blankets off Stark and wrapped it around herself like a cloak, obscuring her face and the polo top. She told Stark to keep his head down and thankfully she didn't have to say it twice. She guided him as close to the edge of the road as she could without pushing him into a snowbank. The bus slowed down considerably as it passed and for a moment it made Jess worried. However, it seemed that the bus just did that to try to pass them without hitting them. Once it was around them, it didn't stop and continued to its destination. Jess let out a breath of relief.
"Yes," Bergeron said. "But the only two max-sec prisons that house women are on the East Coast. Even if you go for medium-security, the closest facility is in Dublin, which is all the way up by Oakland. Sometimes you've just got to work with what you've got."
"The aluminum could be stored in any locked cabinet," Knežević said. "The sodium, oxygen, carbon, and hydrogen, however… Those are going to be locked up somewhere secure."
"What?"
"But he drank the water," Jessica breathed.
on a white background with a watermark depicting an upside-down tringle being trisected by a ring. Lara's heart dropped the second she saw it.
"Yes," Loki said. "I've met them."
"Yeah," Steve said.
"Roger that," he said before turning and walking off. Once he was gone, Pepper let out another stressed breath while Lara narrowed her eyes at her.
"Good to know I'm not alone in that opinion." He heard Lara scoff at that as he turned back around to face her. "So, did you get any actual sleep or am I going to have to explain to everyone why you're walking around like you're auditioning for
"I'm afraid that I'll lose another part of my family," she admitted. "That it'll hurt too much. That I won't be able to…" Before she could say anymore, Clint pulled her into a hug. Normally, Nat would have resisted the comfort, but it gave her the opportunity to hide her face by burying it in his shoulder.
"What the hell?" Stark exclaimed.
"Of course, I heard about it," he said. "Why else do you think I hauled ass down here?" Steve did not have an answer for that, but luckily for him Rhodes didn't wait to find out. "Is everyone okay? They're saying on the news it was a missile." Steve nodded assuredly.
"You can't help but want it to go your way?" Lara offered.
Lara has to attend a court hearing in regards to the restraining order she took out against her ex-husband. However, this means Tony will have to face the board alone. ...Or will he?
Tony is trying to come to terms with his mental health and sobriety. Lara is living in fear of her ex-husband. Clint and Natasha have been hospitalized following exposure to a biological weapon.
"Steve are you sure?" Tony asked.
"Unbelievable," he said. "My life is over."
"He might be a good boy," Natasha said. "But he's still a dog. Tony might not be a fan and we know that the hotel isn't going to be either. The last thing we need is to pay for damages to two rooms." Clint looked disappointed as he scratched behind the puppy's other ear.
"I'm not sure," Salinas said. "I'd have to discuss it with them again. Why? What are you suggesting?"
"Probably no worse than Natasha," Clint said.
He still couldn't believe Peggy had done that. What on Earth could have possessed her to tell
Tony sprung up and ran to the bathroom. He just barely made it to the sink before he threw up. He shook as he gripped the edges of the basin. With each tight clench of his stomach, it felt like he was going to die. Eventually, it stopped, and Tony could finally catch his breath. He tried to enjoy every deep, soothing gasp but a hand coming to rest on his back startled him out of it. He turned to see Steve standing in the doorway, pulling his hand back as if he'd been burned.
, he's
"Certain toxins?" Pepper questioned. "Such as what?"
"Vital signs are stable, but he still shows no signs of waking up," Hill explained. "We're still going through the old SSR files to see if we can find information on his physiology, but so far, no luck."
"Yes," Clint said. "But it looks a little more like hopping."
The feeling of fire flowing through his brain quickly washed away that thought before he could focus on it. Instead, he focused on correcting this small error. Reaching out with his magic, he felt for the psychic energy the gem in his scepter gave off. Finally finding it, he altered it so it would release double the amount of energy over a larger radius. He then smirked to himself. Even if the Black Widow was able to warn them of his intentions, it was too late to stop it now.
"When I called off our little arrangement, he told me that he'd expose me to everyone if I left," he explained. "He said he could prove it; that he had videos. I thought he was bluffing. I mean, I thought I would've noticed that I was being filmed…"
"It's alright," she assured. "I know the house exploded. I saw it and I got out in time. I'm alright. Nothing happened. I'm fine."
"Restraining order," were the first two words out of her mouth. Instantly, she saw Cabe put her hand on her gun.
"What?" Oswin said. "What do you mean? He's killing people?"
"What do you mean you 'don't know?'" Natasha asked. "You just let Stark fly off to who-knows-where to do God-knows-what. Did he even say where he was going?"
"Are there any outstanding tensions between you and the other Avengers?"
"You sure?" Rhodey questioned.
"I don't know about the soup," Natasha said. "But he'll want the sandwiches. I'll bring some to him when they're done."
Blood was on the floor. It started off as little drops sprinkled about on the tile, but as the trail got closer to where she was standing, the droplets turned into more sizable puddles. Her face transitioned to an almost impossible shade of white and her stomach churned in an entirely different way.
"Did you tell him that?" Tony asked.
"Hello," he whispered so quietly that even with her enhanced hearing, Natasha could hardly make it out. She had to rely on her lip-reading skills in order to determine what he had said, and those were shit compared to Clint's. However, what Freeman said next wasn't hard to make out at all. His face completely dropped, and he shouted as loud as he could "
"I already apologized to him," she said. "He just said what's done is done and not to let it happen again."
"You're supposed to be locating the Tesseract," Fury said.
"Oh, thank God," he said. "Do you know how frustrating that is, calling everyone 'brother' and 'sister' all the time?"
"Yes," he confirmed.
"Have you tried calling him?" Freeman asked.
Salinas shrugged as he picked up the last slipper.
"No," Steve said. I'd rather have the truth laid bare in front of me rather than have people hold things back from me for fear of how I'd react."
To distract himself, Tony turned his attention over to Pepper, whose eyes were flitting from screen to screen with a look of deep shock on her face. Tony listened as she took a deep breath and finally spoke up.
"Hold on a second," Romanoff said. "There's a group that gathers in front of the tower?"
"Yes," Lara nodded. "Steve followed him out, though."
"You're right." Jessica stood up with a pained grimace. Carol was going to question what was wrong when she was pulled into a hug. "Again, thank you for coming. You really didn't need to."
"I can't talk now. Can you wait up?" Lara's mouth dropped.
"Tony are you seeing this?" It was the first thing he had heard Steve say through the comms and thank goodness for that. Tony had seen the Quinjet go down and he didn't have time to see if they got out alright. Too many baddies had started coming at him at one time. Hearing Steve's voice and getting confirmation that they were okay eased a small bit of the pressure on his already wrecked nerves. He needed that, especially with what they were now facing.
"Are you kidding me?" she said. "He'd be cheering me on!" Slowly, Steve grew concerned.
"So, he needs a boy's name." Lila's face scrunched.
Sleep pattern disturbance; concentration difficulties; fatigue; racing thoughts; impulsivity; an increase in risk taking behavior; a decreased need for sleep; excessive energy; increased irritability; excessive worry; all of which were things Tony knew as soon as they were said aloud that he had to say yes to. There were other things he honestly debated the answers to. After all, he knew he spent a lot of time having dirty thoughts about Steve, but he honestly didn't know if that was a symptom or if it was just because he desperately wanted to have sex with his new boyfriend. In the end he said yes, simply just to have his bases covered. He could ask the doctor about it later.
It was a very drastic understatement of the situation, but it got the point across. Though, she knew that Tony probably wouldn't understand the slang she used. So, just to be on the safe side, she called as well. However, she found she could not get through as when she dialed his number, she just got a busy signal in response.
"She's feeling better now that she's on oxygen and the morphine seems to have taken the edge off the pain, so that's good. Her moods also seemed to have improved with rest." Fury nodded. "Stark?"
"…Sure," was the eventual response he got. Steve slowly led the way down the first step, and carefully Tony followed him. They repeated the process for several more steps and despite being as inebriated as he was, Tony didn't close his eyes once. They made it to the bottom of the stairs safely and Steve started to lead Tony over to the bench.
"True," Betty said. "And I'm not dismissing that. I'm just… Happy you've found people."
"Define okay." Steve sighed, but it wasn't out of aggravation. It was more like he was sad that his boyfriend had so much wrong with him that he needed to be specific. It made a pang of guilt run through Tony's veins.
"Unfortunately, no, sorry." The girl looked saddened by that response. Just as she was about to walk away from the microphone, Barton – surprisingly – spoke up.
"I guess it's worth a shot." Dr. Cranston gave him another warm smile.
Pepper suddenly stood up and looked at Tony.
"Agent Romanoff," Director Fury greeted as they approached. "What brings you here on this fine Monday morning?"
At least that's what he was doing until some sort of substance came raining down in his face. He looked to the sky but didn't see a single cloud. His eyes burned when they met whatever it was. At first, he thought it might have been dirt, but on further inspection, it appeared to be either soot or ash. As he rubbed the substance between his fingers, he felt something bounce off the toe of his shoe. Looking over, he saw a small gray disc about the size of a bottlecap come rolling into a lopsided landing on the ground. Curious, he picked the item up.
"Can you tell Daddy why the tooth fairy gave you the extra quarter?" she asked Cooper.
"Then what brought you here today?" Natasha asked.
"It's not," she said. "I'm not supposed to be like this. I'm not…"
"I just don't feel it matches my personality." Given the fact that he probably got that response a lot, Carl didn't seem phased by it. In fact, he had clearly prepared for that.
For a moment, Steve wondered if seeing a doctor would help, but he quickly threw that idea out. Although, yes, he was aware that the understanding of mental health and mental health treatment had advanced phenomenally in the last sixty years, the small, reptilian preservation instinct in the back of his head was screaming at him that he would be putting Tony in danger by doing that. He tried with all of his might to push it away, but when you have the memory of your mother tearfully describing a frontal lobotomy performed on a child in your head, it was kind of hard to quell that fear.
"Her name is Captain Carol Danvers," he said. "I assure you, she's a friend. We go pretty far back." He then started gesturing to the other people in the room. "These are the Avengers. Dr. Bruce Banner, Agent Natasha Romanoff, Agent Clint Barton, Captain Steve Rogers, and… Some blonde chick who has nothing to do with anything." Lara looked like she couldn't decide to feel affronted or not. It seemed she settled on not as she made eye contact with Tony and her expression snapped back to afraid. Carol, meanwhile, nodded.
"It's like calisthenics," Tony clarified. "You might have missed a couple of things, you know, doing time as a Capsicle."
"Barton's not dead," Steve pointed out.
"I just wanted to ask…" he started to say. "I was… I was just wondering… Do you wear underwear underneath your uniform…?" Romanoff's face fell almost as soon as he said the word "underwear."
Taking a deep breath, Clint let the sparks settle in his mind before even attempting to find the right words to say.
"He says it's urgent. The police have already been called." That got Pepper's attention.
"What?" Clint's voice was startled as he was ripped from his thoughts.
Tony couldn't help but be pessimistic about dealing with the press. Although yes, he was an amazing showman who could have every single person in a room eating out of the palm of his hand, he had numerous public scandals that had left their scars. The worst one was the sex tape that outed him as bisexual. Not only was he not ready to come out publicly at the time, but he also wasn't even fully out of the closet with those closest to him. The only people who had known were Peggy (the only person he had willingly told), Rhodey (who found out after the sock incident), and obviously the men he slept with. The media had drug him through the mud so hard back then that he could still taste dirt in his mouth. Many of his personal and professional relationships had been damaged by it and any time someone had so much as tried to mention it, Tony wanted to throw up. He understood how much power the media held and how easily it could ruin your life.
[This unrelated rant has been redacted]
"Nat, what are you doing?" He asked once he caught sight of her predicament.
"You were being too gentle," Lara accused. "You'll never wake him up."
"See you." She heard Pepper say as she walked out of the room, the door shutting behind her. Lara yawned widely as she started down the hall.
"Yes, Brother," he said. "I won't." Adoniram took a deep breath as he formulated what he wanted to say next.
"You know, I already have diabetes," she said. "I don't need you two making it worse."
"Yeah," the man said. "Just remember not to say anything about the party. She was already pretty upset about us going to the concert."
"Do you want to fly commercial after being on that plane?" Bruce must have frowned a little bit, so Lara took it as agreement. "Exactly. Besides, I don't have the money to fly commercial. I'll take the free ride on the private jet."
"Well, myself I wouldn't mind…"
The car that had taken their luggage had already arrived. Tony could see that Happy had gotten into an argument with the people tasked with carrying their bags. Tony did nothing to hide his snort of amusement at sight. Gently being guided and supported by Steve's hand on his shoulder, Tony followed the others into the elevators.
"I won't," Cooper assured. Meanwhile, Clint took notice that Lila was squirming about, as if straining to look at something.
Plunging an airplane into the Arctic Circle was a lot like that. Only instead of the anticipation of the drop, it was the actual drop itself where he was building up the fear, and the actual landing (or rather, crashing) part he was dreading. Giving one last glance at the photo of Peggy he had placed on the inside of his compass, he tightly gripped the control wheel and pushed it inwards, sending the plane into a downward descent. His heart clenched at the change of altitude, but he continued pushing forwards. What he was doing was the only option; the right option.
"We were brought together by S.H.I.E.L.D. to apprehend Loki." That was the most clandestine answer he could give. S.H.I.E.L.D. had made it clear months ago that they didn't want word of the Tesseract getting out, even if the mystical artifact was realms away by this point, because the spy agency didn't want any eyes on them. So, they were all forced to give out a very watered-down version of events. However, this isn't what the press thirsted for. They wanted details; as many as they could get.
Given that this was an ultra-long chapter (made by stitching the remains of two smaller chapters together) I'm not going to put too much in the way of this authors note. If you like, please favorite, follow, review, comment, and/or subscribe.
"Thanks JARVIS," Steve said, nonetheless.
"Code Orange, floor P1," he announced. "This is not a drill! Code Orange, floor P1!"
"S.H.I.E.L.D. has told me that before," Bruce said. "And I remember the last time not going too well." Hill sighed.
Yeah, unlike the MCU, I'm not pretending that The Incredible Hulk (2008) didn't happen. I feel like at the very least that movie deserves to have the loose ends that were hanging tied up, and Betty is one of them. I just want to give her character a little bit of closure. Hopefully, you don't mind this mini-side plot!
A large creature with a face like a turtle and that swam through the air as a whale emerged from the portal. Tony wasn't close enough to it when it came through to try and take a shot at it, and even if he could he doubted it would do any damage. The thing looked like it was heavily armored and as it got close to the ground, foot soldiers had descended from its inner shell onto the streets below. He suddenly wished he had enough time to grab a second drink, but he shook that thought off. He had to keep his head in the game.
Tony stood there for a long time considering his options. Finally, he slowly walked over to the circular table in the center of the room and placed his phone down on the surface.
"Thank you." Waylon nodded and began dialing extension numbers. Pepper turned back to face Dr. Griffith. "What was taken? Do you know?"
It was not like she was ignoring the problem, though. In fact, she had gone through the process of trying to find answers. She had been to numerous doctors throughout the galaxy, hoping at least one could find a reason why she kept forgetting things. The closest she felt she came to a legitimate diagnosis was one given to her by a doctor on Xandar. She had been familiar with Kree biology – particularly specializing in their neurological physiology – and was willing to at least try to appraise Carol's condition. The fact that she was originally Terran did complicate things, but the doctor did find her brain structures similar enough to make a preliminary diagnosis of repeated concussive trauma, brain cell damage consistent with prolonged alcoholism, and an abrasion on her hippocampus that could be affecting the way her brain made and stored memories.
Steve nodded, knowing the feeling. When he was little and got sick, he'd beg his mother to sleep in his room with him because he didn't want to be alone. So, reminding himself that this was completely platonic, Steve walked over to the other side of the bed, toed off his shoes, pulled back the covers, and climbed in. Tony shifted so that he was lying down and facing Steve. The smile on his face was immediately reciprocated.
Lara went down a second hallway to the local elevator that serviced each floor within the penthouse. As she hit the button to call for the elevator, she realized there was something that she should probably do.
That seemed to settle Natasha's dismissiveness, but it did not stop her from asking, "so what is this meeting about?" Cold nervousness hit Tony right in his gut.
"…Police are reporting that almost twenty-four thousand dollars' worth of gold and diamond jewelry, along with some additional four-thousand dollars in cash was stolen from this store just hours ago." The screen then switched over to the view of an empty vault. "Nothing was actually stolen from the show-room floor, but the contents of this vault were raided. The store's manager has stated that only employees knew where the vault was located. Police are considering the option that the suspect they're looking for might be a former employee…"
He let out a pained yell and tried to force her to the ground, but Natasha flipped over his arm and forced his head to collide with the railing. Clint let out a pained grunt and tried to get to his feet. He looked at her with confused, crystal blue eyes.
Remember kids, literacy is failing me at the moment, so I can't come up with anything witty. I blame my noisy family.
"Glad to hear that," Dr. Cranston commented. "So, Mr. Stark, if you're ready, why don't we head into my office?"
"Did they get famous before or after 2006?" Bruce asked.
"Why?" Knežević asked. "Is it something stupid like Keith?"
"I didn't really find them," Bruce pointed out. "I was kind of forced into it."
." Steve realized she was right as Natasha leveled her suspicious glare at Carol, who for the most part seemed unphased. "Were you here when the tower was struck?"
"What's going on?" he asked. "Is this a Code Green?"
"Natasha Romanoff," she corrected. "It's a pleasure."
"I tried to call Fury, but I couldn't reach him," Hill said.
"See you there," Coulson said with a nod before heading off into the ship's main cabin. Natasha started walking in the other direction and gestured with a small jerk of her head that Steve should follow her.
"Yeah…" Steve half-croaked, half-gasped out. His own voice sounded foreign to him. "I'll be sure to do that…" Steve's eyes scanned everything within his field of vision. He couldn't turn his head left or right, so he could only really look at what was in front of him, which was the man's face and the ceiling tiles above them. "Where am I?"
"What?" he exclaimed. "Why didn't you say anything?"
"How bad?" he asked.
"Do you really feel like you can't eat?" Tony nodded.
"You know," he said. "Normally I wouldn't mind you staring at me, but you have this look on your face that clearly says something's wrong." Steve bowed his head.
Steve wouldn't admit it to Tony, but he kind of thought the tower was a bit over-the-top and gaudy. He knew that was sort of Tony's thing, but it still made him sad to see something that hadn't been apart of his New York Skyline. He felt the same about every other building that had been erected since he went into the ice. It helped to know that another building had been there before Tony had bought the property, had everything torn down, and built it all over again from the ground up, and that he apparently had work started on the property the same day that S.H.I.E.L.D. had fished him out of the ice, so really it wasn't like this was a change that happened overnight for him like everything else. Also, the fact that he had a crush on Tony also might have helped that.
"I do!" Steve said a little too eagerly. Tony rolled his eyes. "I understood that reference." Steve looked over at Tony, who just gave him somewhat of an annoyed look.
"Well," Lara said from where she was sitting cross-legged on the floor. Exasperation clouded her voice and at some point, a bright-yellow sticky note got tangled in her loose hair. "One document turned into another, and then another, and then there was a packet with a bunch of things that needed to be signed, then I think a whole file cabinet, then the stack fell over, but we still had things we needed to sign…"
"I know, I know," Steve said. "I tried to sleep but I just couldn't stop…"
Tony sat down at his desk and sighed. It was finally the day he had been dreading, board meeting day. He had been avoiding the board of directors all week and he could not put it off anymore. The only mercy he had been granted was that most of the board was at Stark Industries Headquarters in Malibu. So, he would not have to deal with the rage in person. Just on Skype, but he figured that it would be easier to handle since you cannot hit people over Skype. However, there was still one person he would have to face in person during this meeting.
"Are you okay?" Steve hoped his voice didn't sound as panicked as he thought it did.
"So, Lara," Betty had started off the conversation with. "She's nice?"
"It's okay," Tony assured. "We've got it taken care of. You're safe now."
"You good?" Steve nodded, rubbing his hand up and down Tony's side.
Over the past week, Freeman was spending a significant amount of time with the Avengers as they did their press tour. He wanted to see if he had found anything yet. Salinas was to be supervising Freeman as he worked so he could verify the validity of Freeman's claims. Recalling all of this, Adoniram nodded.
"Absolutely," Tony said. "Just let them do it." Steve still looked hesitant but nodded.
"Not a problem," Mrs. Barnes said. "If you ever need someone to talk to, I'm all ears." Steve's mother nodded and shortly after they left.
None of it made sense to Steve, and all he really, truly wanted to do was
Steve looked over at Tony, trying to gauge his emotional state and whether he was okay enough to continue. Tony noticed this and gave him a reassuring smile.
"I need you to call the police," Freeman said. "Salinas can't do it; it has to be you."
"Welcome back to the land of the living, Captain," the man said. "You have slept for quite some time."
Having spent most of his adult life in California, Tony was well-versed in earthquake safety protocols. Given that there was nothing sturdy he could reasonably take cover under, Tony had no choice but to crouch down on the floor and cling to the chair he'd been sitting in for stability. Seeing that Cranston was just sitting in place, looking like a fish out of water, he caught her attention and gestured for her to do the same. Thankfully, she wasn't too shocked to take notice. She slid out of her chair and grabbed onto it just as he had. A few moments later, the shaking stopped.
Once she was sure all the glass was gone, Jessica set about her cleaning tasks for the day. She usually started off with a bit of light dusting around the house to allow herself a little more time to wake up. She'd dust the dining room, office, and living room in that order and was usually quick about it.
"Thank you."
"Waylon," she said. "I'm declaring a code blue situation effective immediately. Are you aware of the procedure?"
"You're over the worst, though?" Stark shrugged.
"That would do it," the doctor said. "Luckily, the condition is highly treatable. All we'd have to do is a bone marrow transplant and a couple of blood transfusions and you should be all set."
However, things were different now. Seventy years had passed, and the world had changed. The general stance on the topic had shifted to be more accepting (at least in the first world.) This had been explained to Steve multiple times. Natasha and Clint had done so during the flight to Stark Tower during the Battle of New York and some things Stark had said since indicated that he had this conversation with him as well. It was slightly infuriating. How many times did it need to be explained to him that no one cared if he and Stark were in a gay relationship and no one was going to hurt Stark because of that fact – particularly not a medical doctor – for that message to get through?
Keyword,
"Yeah," Steve said. "Is that supposed to happen?"
Steve hadn't noticed it before, but Tony had apparently been walking with his eyes closed the entire time they were walking through the plane. He only realized it when Tony opened his eyes to look around. Well, that explained why it had been so difficult to walk.
They took one of the SUVs rather than any of the sedans or sports cars Tony owned. It was far less conspicuous and could fit all five of them relatively comfortably. (Relatively in that Tony had to take the middle seat if he wanted to sit next to Steve, but honestly in his opinion it was a fair trade.) It took all of ten minutes to get there, but to Tony it felt like they essentially teleported. All he could remember was getting in the car, feeling squished, then getting out of the car with practically no time passing in between. It was rather alarming.
"You already have," Fury said.
S.H.I.E.L.D. only gave them enough time to change into their uniforms and gather their weapons before departing. Natasha didn't waste any time and got as many weapons as she could. She had four guns, seventeen knives, and at least a dozen other weapons hidden somewhere on her person. As they pulled up to the Maplewood, New Jersey Police Station, she ran through a mental checklist of all of them. This wasn't to make sure that she had them, but rather to remember all the possible combinations of wounds and injuries she could inflict upon Sharpton. It helped keep her calm and her head in the zone.
Originally uploaded to FFN on 1/6/2021
"Just generally run-down," Clint said. "But I've been breathing just fine since I've been back and I don't feel otherwise sick, so I'd say that I'm on the road to recovery."
"Thor," he said. "You got to try and bottleneck that portal. Slow them down. You got the lighting. Light the bastards up." Spinning Mjolnir by the handle, Thor nodded and took off. Now it was on to Natasha. "You and me, we stay here on the ground. We keep the fighting here." Natasha gave an affirmative nod before turning to the final member of their team. "And Hulk…" The giant man turned to Steve with a growl. "Smash." The Hulk understood that, as he grinned at Steve before jumping up on the sides of two nearby buildings to smash a half a dozen Chitauri soldiers who had taken up sniper positions on the walls.
"Bucky Barnes is dead. I watched him die." Despite saying it, Steve couldn't believe it. His heart clenched at the memory of watching his best friend – his brother – fall to his death. He forced himself to look up at Fury as he swallowed down the pain. "Is there anyone else? Is there anyone else who knew me that's still alive?" Fury was silent for a moment. Steve braced himself for impact.
Not liking where this was headed, Steve swallowed hard against the sinking feeling that was consuming his stomach. Despite his hesitance, he looked Rhodes right in the eyes and said, "alright, tell me what happened."
"You better get used to it," Pepper said as she stood up and shouldered her bag. "It might not seem like it right now, but trust me, it can get much worse."
"Well, it's better to have him cooperative than pissed off and in the way," the man said.
"Hey." Tony leaned in close and spoke in a low tone so that way the tour guide wouldn't overhear. "You okay?"
Tony had to think about it for a moment. Although the idea of facing a group of people he was sure hated him was on principal unappealing, Steve's proposal did ease a lot of his hesitation. If things got bad, they'd leave. That assurance and show of support were touching. To add to that, a set of words came back to his mind.
Carol hit the button to call for the elevator while Tony came to stand next to her.
"That doesn't bother me," Bruce said. "As long as she's happy, I'm happy for her." Lara broke into a smile. "What?"
Almost instantly, Oswin was on her phone scouring the dark corners of the internet for Stark's home address.
"Have you been talking to anyone else?" Tony frowned and remained silent. "I'll take that as a no." Tony scoffed.
," he groaned.
"No! I don't even…" Lara took a deep breath, clearly trying to calm herself to attempt to gain some semblance of control over the situation. "Let's just go back to the hotel. You're not in any condition to stay."
(See the end of the chapter for
"No, that's not all!" Tony ignored her, turned, and started walking out the door. Steve followed closely behind him. "We want Captain Rogers back by ten, and…"
, pained groans, and at least one cry for help. Looking up, Steve could see the lever just above him. He reached up and pulled it down as fast as he could.
"Thank you," she said. "Conroy wanted to apologize as well. Do you…?"
Thank you to Senisra for the comments on AO3! It really means a lot!
"Unbelievable," he heard Lara mutter under her breath and sent her a sharp look.
"Good," Betty said. "And my e-mail address is still the same, so you have no reason not to check in every once in a while."
"Because I still have another hour before I technically need to be up?"
"They didn't say anything about him." Pepper shrugged. "I'm sure he's fine. They probably just want to double check all the tests since he was the one who opened the letter." Lara nodded, but couldn't help but be skeptical of that dismissal. She was startled out of her concern by Freeman clapping his hands behind her.
"The company buried me with paperwork," he explained. "It happens sometimes. A bunch of things end up coming in all at once needing my signature, and Conroy and I must scramble to get it all signed in a timely fashion. It sucks normally, but today it took so long that I wasn't able to get any real work done on top of that." Steve put a hand on Tony's shoulder.
"I'd love to see that," she remarked.
"Yes, ma'am," she said. "We have no reason to believe the letter's claims are false. Likely, the powder is a cross of genetically modified Ebola and the H5N1 virus."
After taking the personality test and going through orientation, Jessica had been assigned to work in Congressman Eduardo Salinas' D.C. home as his live-in maid. The job wasn't as terrible as she imagined it. Salinas seemed to keep his hands to himself and she managed to gather valuable intel on the group for both S.H.I.E.L.D. and Hydra, but for whatever reason, Hydra didn't think he was worth keeping around anymore. So, she would do as she was told. She had a cover to keep intact, after all.
"We're honest to God serious about this," Lara said. "We can't find him."
"It's not an emergency," she said.
Anyways, thanks for reading this chapter! Be sure to leave a comment or a review!
"I know where you can find an Infinity Stone!" Things went silent. Thanos removed his hand from Loki's neck and Loki took a deep, relieved breath.
"That's not good, is it?" Carol asked.
Steve listened intently as Fury explained that Howard had thought that the Tesseract was the key to unlimited sustainable energy and that S.H.I.E.L.D. was attempting to continue his research when they hit a small snag. Well, not as small as they would like. Steve was able to conclude before Fury finished explaining.
Steve swallowed his bite of egg and did not look up from his plate before saying, "mandatory team meeting after breakfast."
Pulling off his slippers and socks, Carol was unsurprised to see that Stark's toes were a slightly blueish shade of white. It was one of the first signs of frostbite and judging by how wet the socks and slippers were, he was lucky it wasn't worse. Carol checked the dresser by the bed and found that the top drawer was filled with socks and assorted undergarments. She grabbed the first pair of socks she saw and slipped them onto his feet. They were a bit too big, but at least he had something to keep his feet warm.
"What made you come to LA?" Oswin smiled.
"I'm only going to tell you this once, Vasyl!" She stopped in front of him with hands on her hips and fury in her eyes. "Leave now or I'm calling the police! I went easy on you before, but this is a step too far!"
"That she hasn't gotten around to it yet." With everything that had been going on at the time, it was plausible. However, the tone of Pepper's voice made it clear that she believed otherwise.
"This morning," Annabeth said. "I was out here last night, and it wasn't there then."
Just as she was rolling into Oswin's neighborhood, a police barricade stopped Nina dead in her tracks. Unsure of what was going on, Nina quickly turned around and parked the car about a block away. When she returned to the site on foot, she spotted a woman coming out of the restricted area. She looked like she was an official, so Nina decided to flag her down and try asking her what was happening.
"Yet you're confused about why they didn't want you around," he remarked.
"I… Yes." Her heart tightened. She couldn't justify that.
"You're stuck on that?" Tony said. "I'm more worried about 'the choir of bleached children.' What does that even mean?"
"I'm afraid not," Bruce said. "I'm reviewing the results of an experiment I've been conducting and for some reason, it's not adding up."
"Then I guess a more apt description would be like running on a treadmill, ironically enough," Tony said. "You're running as fast as you can, trying to reach a certain goal, but really…"
wants to know, what was it like choosing to sacrifice yourself like that and what did you experience at that moment?"
"Are you okay?" Pepper asked.
"Well, it's just…" Freeman hesitated a moment. "Don't you think the Avengers would make better allies than enemies?"
Eventually, Tony had to give up screaming and finally just accepted his fate. This was a battle he wasn't going to win. With one last extremely slurred "fuck you" to both the cops and the hotel owners, Tony started stumbling down the sidewalk. He wasn't sure where he was going, he just hoped they had booze there. …And, dry socks.
Meanwhile, Tony did not know how to cook at all. He was never taught how when he was younger and did not bother to learn once he was older, seeing as he had enough money to pay someone to make his food for him. He tried to make an omelet once, but all he did nearly burn the plane he was on down and presented Pepper with a completely charred egg-triangle. So, he was off the cooking rotation completely.
"You couldn't have even tried to throw a 'Handsome' in there?"
"Alright," Freeman agreed. "Anything else you'd like not to be discussed?"
"I gave you a choice between this and sending Lara to nursing school," Tony pointed out. "You're the one who wouldn't go with the easier choice." If Pepper was regretting that, she was not showing it.
"Would it help if I made you a promise?" Tony raised his eyebrows.
Steve carried Tony down the hall to their suite bridal-style. Although he was trying to enjoy the moment, Tony couldn't help the fantasies the situation suggested; Steve carefully and gently carrying him to their bed and then brutally making love to him. The idea was so tantalizing that it was a shame that it would never happen.
"You know you can't stay in there all night."
"What do you mean?" Knežević squinted and chewed a little slower on his chip. "Can't you pick the lock or something?"
Jessica dug into her pants pocket and pulled out the pager. With one press of a button, the screen went from a shade of digital green to red. Then, blue. Then a gold star appeared. Jess started the countdown.
Steve stepped forward, wrapping his arms around her and pulling her close. Again, Natasha moved her head, so her mouth was close to his ear.
"He slept in all morning and woke up with a fever of 105," she said. "I'm Virginia Potts, a friend of his."
"Then why don't you do your job and let me do mine?" Pepper asked. "Unless, there's something else you need to tell me?" Freeman shook his head.
"Oh my God," she laughed. "Look at that! I'm on the tele!"
These people were despicable. They were preying on people's grief, fear, and anger in the wake of a horrific tragedy. Having spent almost twenty years of her life as a sort of galactic first-responder, Carol could think of very few things lower than that. However, she couldn't see as to what end the people running the Church hoped to achieve with this. Money? Power? Something far eviler? The possibilities ran through Carol's head at the speed of a turbo jet. It was a wonder she had been able to drift off at all.
"You're going to lose." Loki turned to look at the broken man. Blood stained his shirt and trickled from his mouth. He couldn't help but laugh at the notion.
"Thanks," Lara said with a bit of a smile. "What about you? How have things been going." Bruce gave a humorless laugh.
"That is not in any way at all healthy," Pepper pointed out.
"We're not sure yet," she admitted. "The doctor still needs to do a few tests. I just wanted to make sure you guys didn't do anything that would mess up the test results." Steve didn't believe that the answer was the full truth, but he accepted it for now. He could ask Tony about it later.
"Sir, you're aware that most pharmaceutical medications become inert after the expiration date, meaning that it is going to be ineffective in treating your flu-like symptoms."
"Remember, tall, tan, and blonde."
"Right," Tony said as he passed him. "I've heard that before."
"Power to the elevators have been shut down as per emergency protocol," JARVIS reported. "The fastest route from your current position would take you down the south-west stairwell."
"My God…"
"Eh," he said. "True enough, but I can imagine Natasha will have a few choice words for them."
Remember kids, only three months left! We can make it!
"You're Dr. Banner, right?" Carol asked. "I'm sorry, I just want to be sure I've got everyone's names right here."
"Salinas?" Lara narrowed her eyes.
"Just get some rest, Tony," he said. "You can ask me about it in the morning."
Yeah, couldn't help but quote Panic! again, or rather paraphrase them. Anyways, if you enjoyed this chapter be sure to leave a review! Reviewers get hugs from babies!
"I'm aware of that, Mr. DeMarcus," Pepper said, holding up a placating hand. "If I phrased any of my questions to lead you to believe otherwise, I apologize."
"No, it's not if we don't confront him," Natasha said. "And we let him choose to talk to us. We're not going to gang up on him or force him to do anything he doesn't want to. We're just going to calmly ask him if there's anything we can do to help him."
"Peggy," Tony said. "Howard, like most everyone else, brushed over anything that didn't make you seem like a good ol' all-American boy."
is not intending to leak anything back to S.H.I.E.L.D. or any other party. She is only filling in as a favor to Miss Conroy, whose judgement I trust."
"Yes," Tony confirmed. "But it's nothing really." Lara rolled her eyes.
"Things like…?"
Entering the room, she made eye contact with Dante almost instantly. She was surprised to see that he looked about halfway decent. His hair was trimmed as neatly as she'd ever seen it and the long-sleeved button-up shirt he was wearing covered his tattoos. Most shockingly, though, was the fact that he looked happy to see her. The feeling wasn't mutual, and she wanted to make sure that he knew it.
"All set?" Knežević questioned. "How is this all set? The screen is completely black, how do I fix-" He was cut off as a blur of motion came across the screen and moments later he was met with the image of Oswin smiling and waving at him.
"It was an accident, I swear."
Keyword: almost. Tony felt like he was lighter than air and though he thought eating would help, but so far, the only thing that did was leave him with the horrible feeling of a rock sinking into his stomach. Don't get him wrong, the shawarma was good. He supposed it was more his nerves than the food causing that upset, and it was understandable. After all, who wouldn't freak out if they had something wrong with them and they couldn't exactly pinpoint what it was?
"You grabbed me!" Lara defended.
"Probably not," she agreed. "But I can still watch you guys eat cake and feel sorry for myself."
So, while Steve wallowed in denial, he didn't really have time to think about just how they were going to pull this off. After all, Steve couldn't leave the building. He found out after he got off the phone with Tony that he
"No," Duran said. "Well, I didn't, at least. Where is she now?"
Tony slept for a while, at least an hour. Eventually, Steve had to wake him up. They were starting their descent into LA and Tony had to sit up and fasten his seatbelt. Upon waking, Steve noticed that Tony seemed to be much less coherent than he did earlier. Steve tried to tell himself that Tony was just a little groggy from just waking up, but some instinct deep inside of him told him that wasn't the case. He didn't like how hot Tony had felt earlier and Steve was starting to wonder whether he was becoming delirious.
The anxiety hadn't ceased spreading. In fact, it had only gotten worse. His only worry was now that he was going to get Tony into trouble. While he may have joked about it on the phone, it was a real possibility that S.H.I.E.L.D. could have Tony thrown from the building the second he asked to take Steve out into the public. It was clear they wanted him to adjust slowly, but personally, Steve didn't want to take things slowly. He wanted his freedom. He wanted to decide for himself what he could handle and couldn't handle. He wanted to see what the world had become in his sixty-five-year absence, and right now Tony was the only one offering that to him. It might be selfish, but he wanted to take that opportunity, even if it ended up getting both him and Tony in trouble. In his mind, it would be a hundred-percent worth it.
"Nope, nothing." There was then the sound of something throwing itself against the door. Clint hastily shushed it.
"Shit…" Knežević slammed his hand against his face.
"Homeland Security?" he questioned. "What stake do they have in this?" The FBI and ATF he understood. The theft of potential explosives tended to pique their interest. Homeland Security, though…
While they went through the motions of getting their food, the tension seemed to ease itself out of Lara's body. The color came back to her face and her breathing slowly evened out. Bruce wondered why she had reacted like that, but he didn't want to push her for answers. Given the way she coiled in on herself, he could only imagine that pushing her would not end well.
"It's sort of a body powder," Natasha explained. "It makes your skin feel silky smooth and when kissed, it tastes like honey."
"Please stop crying," Bucky said. "What would Ma say if she saw you acting like this?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"I don't want S.H.I.E.L.D.'s help," Stark said before Natasha even finished speaking; not surprising her at all.
"But I haven't finished speaking with Miss Potts," Freeman said.
"Okay," she said. The concierge then cleared his throat.
"Are you the agent who found him?" Natasha had directed that question at Carol. She quickly exchanged a look with Fury before responding.
I'd just like to take a moment and just ask you all to pray for my computer's soul. It keeps having all these boot errors and I don't know how to fix it.
Tony put his head down on the table. He just wanted to fall asleep right then and there. However, Tony knew that it wasn't a good idea to fall asleep at work. He'd done it before and it didn't work out too well. Plus, Pepper would probably drag him to a hospital if she found him passed out at the conference table the next morning.
"What?" Peggy smiled.
"I just…" Tony hesitated a moment. "Aren't you going to ask more questions?"
"Is that when he attacked you?" Lara nodded.
"Tony are you sure?" she asked. "Who is this guy?"
"Alright," she said. "So, either find Bruce or Romanoff. Got it. Is there anything else?" Tony shook his head as he let go of her wrist.
…Or at least he would have if it wasn't suddenly cut off by an inhuman scream and the sound of something hard and heavy hitting the wall. Tony and Steve instantly pulled back and his panicked eyes instantly connected with Steve's. Without even a second of discussion or hesitation, the two ran off – still holding hands – towards the source.
"You know I'm still pretty drunk, right?" he said. "The story I tell might not make sense."
Merry Christmas Eve everyone! I hope everyone's having a good time! Me, I couldn't personally care about Christmas given that my family sucks, I'm not Christian, and the holiday is so overly commercialized at this point that it's really lost any and all of the meaning that it had to begin with. However, it gives me an excuse to post, which is why you're getting chapters today and tomorrow.
Tony's eyes went wide and his face paled. He wasn't wearing his jacket. Sweat started forming on his brow and he kept patting his abdomen as if doing so would magically summon his jacket. That didn't happen and real panic started creeping up in Tony's chest. He left his wallet in his jacket pocket along with his cellphone and his key to the hotel room. He tried to remember when he took it off but couldn't. If he left it at that party…
"Oh, blah, blah," the woman said. "We're young. We're allowed to have a little fun. I wish we could have stayed longer."
"You wouldn't tell your friends or family?" Stark hesitated a moment.
"So do I." Steve pressed his lips to Tony's cheek and gently rubbed a hand up and down his back. For about forty seconds, they enjoyed the soft comfort of the moment and the warm feeling of being in each other's arms. It was quiet; peaceful.
." Tony's tone was much firmer than the previous times he had said it, but Steve still didn't buy it.
"Well, they can't all be winners." Internally, panic was beginning to grip him. "Maybe look through the drawers, see if anyone wro-"
"What do you mean?" Duran asked after a moment of pause.
"Je suis désolé, maman!" She cried out. "Arrête!"
"Hey!" Steve called out as he walked in the room. "Are you nuts?"
"Oh, you." The annoyed tone in her voice was clear as Loki continued to fire upon her. She managed to dodge the blasts, but she knew she had no way of shaking off Loki without losing control of the bike. Catching sight of one of the buildings they were about to pass, Natasha knew exactly what to do. "Hawkeye," she called into the comms.
"Whoa, whoa," she said, putting her hands out to stop him. "Slow down. What's going on?" Steve took a deep breath. He could not believe what he was about to say.
Heading in the direction she thought she needed to go, Carol found herself hoping for a coincidence. However, deep down she knew that there was no way that could possibly be. "Kree" wasn't in any way a common part of the Terran lexicon, and if Carol had it her way, it never would be.
Steve had thought he'd come to accept that being gay was okay now. Apparently, he was wrong. As soon as he saw Tony, though he felt something he hadn't felt in over a year: fear. That horrifying heart-crippling fear that made his head move at a million miles per second and everything else slow down around him. Steve didn't know what it was the first time it happened to him, but now he knew, it was simple self-preservation. He didn't think he had those instincts at all, given his propensity for self-sacrifice, but they still lingered in there, somewhere deep inside him. When he looked at Tony in private, all Steve could think about was what a wonderful person he was – smart, funny, beautiful – and how he just wanted to pull him close and keep him there for the rest of their natural lives. When he looked at Tony in public, though, (or at least around people he didn't trust.) Steve's mind slipped back into that mindset he had back in the forties. If anyone even got the inkling of an idea that he might be attracted – both romantically and sexually – to Tony Stark, then he'd be putting himself and maybe Tony, too, in danger. He'd go into a do-or-die mode, ready to do whatever it would take to keep both him and Tony alive.
"Uh, Lara?" Bruce said cautiously.
"Is he going to tell him now?" he asked.
"It still did damage to the Avengers' accountability and reputation," Adoniram said. "So I still consider it a win. Add that to the fact that rumors are saying that Stark was highly intoxicated on Sunday night, and we've got a pretty abysmal picture to work with." Adoniram turned to Freeman. "I don't know what you did, but it could not have worked out better."
Just as Rhodey was reaching for the eject button on the VCR, the speakers' whining suddenly stopped and the screen went black. He took a step back and watched the screen, waiting for the studio credits or possibly even some trailers to start. Instead, he was startled by the sudden onscreen appearance of a man wearing a Michael Myers mask and almost stumbled back into the coffee table behind him.
In a way, that felt sort of hypocritical. Natasha tried to tell him that so many times, but he wouldn't listen to her, choosing to dread the reality instead. Look how well that worked out for him! In all, he just hoped his cynical outlook wasn't the last memory he'd leave her with.
He was able to connect to the network without a problem, but the real test would be getting the call through. He normally didn't video chat with Laura. The quality wasn't always the best and there was always a noticeable lag in the transmission. If he asked Laura a question, it would be a few seconds before he'd get a response, and not through any fault of either of them. He'd rather call her, but Hill couldn't give him a work-around that was compatible with his phone. This was the best she could do. He could try IM or e-mail, but that felt too impersonal. Video chatting was probably his best choice, especially because it had the bonus of being as close to an in-person conversation as they could possibly get.
Oswin burst into tears at that point. Knežević handed her tissues but was otherwise useless to comfort her. She eventually composed herself enough to start talking again.
A person – or what formerly was a person – stood in front of her encased in what appeared to be yellow sapphire. The body was female, and she was declared deceased upon the EMT's arrival. They made this decision based upon the facts that she was completely unresponsive to their questions and because the entirety of her skin appeared to be covered in stone, including the inner linings of her air passageways. Another discovery that they had made was that in some of the less opaque places where the stone had formed, you could see straight through the skin to her blood vessels and muscles, meaning that the stone wasn't just
"That's nice," Lara remarked. "But how do you feel about that? Does it change anything?"
"I'm fine," he said. "Pepper didn't look assured, but Happy beat her pressing further.
"Oh my," he said. "How did you get here?"
"Are you okay with going to the wedding?" she asked. Bruce had to consider the question for a few moments before he could answer.
Tony woke up the next morning feeling infinitely better. His head didn't hurt, he could breathe just fine, and he went to third base with his boyfriend the night before. All were things that would easily constitute a "good morning" for Tony Stark. What set this morning above and beyond, though, was the fact that after he and Steve went back to bed, he hadn't had any nightmares for the rest of the night. Although a part of him wanted to thank the blowie he gave Steve for that, Tony knew that in all likelihood, it was probably because he had been awake for so long that his brain couldn't function any more and completely shut down; devoting all of its remaining energy to keeping all of his other organs working properly and not bothering to throw terrible memories up onto the screen of his mind. Either way, he was just thankful he got some amount of restful sleep. That was something he never thought he'd be able to do sober.
Originally posted to FFN on 9/24/18.
"Did you note that in your report?" Tony asked. "No, wait, don't give me spoilers."
"No," Fury said. "Other than Agents Barton and Romanoff, we haven't called any of the Avengers in, nor have we been monitoring their movements."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Whatever," Barton said. "If this game was in ASL, I'd kill." Romanoff made a few gestures with her hands that made Barton's face sour. "Shut up."
"Sure I will." Knežević could have sworn he heard huff "shut up" under her breath. He suppressed the urge to roll his eyes like a child. Glancing into the rearview mirror, he noticed a bag of Doritos left abandoned in the backseat. He reached back, retrieved the bag, and checked the date. Satisfied that the cheese-covered chips wouldn't kill him, he sat back and dug into the bag. He was going to need snacks for this show.
"You know what, save it," Tony said. "We don't have time for bullshit excuses. Once we figure this out, we can go our separate ways. ¿Comprende?"
"I thought you had to ingest it?" Carol questioned.
"I think you should have come to me about this sooner." Clint winced a bit.
Woo! That was a long one! Hope you guys enjoy this chapter, because damn...
"Really?" The woman sounded incredulous. It was the first emotion he heard come out of her voice. "Is that why the fire department has been called to put out your 'research' three times in a two-week span?"
"Captain America?"
"That's cruel and unusual punishment," Tony pointed out.
It didn't make sense, seeing as he agreed with her. Tony needed to go back to the hospital, ASAP. He did seem a little better after spending some time resting, but the fact that he was struggling to even walk on his own told Steve that he was in no shape to go running into a fight. In the end, it didn't really matter. He made an impulsive decision and now Tony was going to get hurt or worse. Even if he wasn't wrongly attracted to him, Steve would still feel horribly guilty for that. He could have stopped Tony from doing something stupid, but instead, he let him get what he wanted. He looked up at Natasha, who had a fire in her green eyes.
"I am," Romanoff said.
"What does it look like in there?" he heard Tony ask.
"…After that… I called Carol… …And she took us here…" She paused for a moment to catch her breath. It wasn't long enough, though. "I really didn't mean… …For it to be Stark. I swear on my life… They wanted me to go for… Salinas."
Infinity War! Infinity War! Infinity War! Infinity War! Infinity War! Infinity War! Infinity War! Infinity War! Infinity War! Infinity War! Infinity War!
"Ah," he said.
"And what would that be?" Salinas asked.
The broadcast then flipped over to the image of a brunette woman wearing an ABC 7 Eyewitness News baseball cap standing in front of a police barricade.
"Right," she said with a slow nod. "I'll do that. Will you be okay, though?"
"Did I see the press conference while I waited in quarantine to find out if I was dying again or not?" Tony asked. "No, Pepper, I did not."
"Sentiment," he said disgustedly as Thor fell to the ground, clutching his side. A ghost of a smirk started to come over his face when Thor suddenly rushed up and kneed him in the stomach, the blow knocking Loki through one of the glass safety barriers. He didn't fall, though. Instead, Thor picked him up and threw him right back down onto the concrete of the balcony.
"Like what?" Steve asked.
The shattered glass that littered the balcony cut into Loki's skin as he got to his feet, or at least, tried to. An inhuman roar and the blur of green that knocked him through the window, straight into the penthouse sort of made that process a bit difficult. Hitting the rear wall with a hard slam and a painful groan Loki's eyes narrowed with fury as he faced off against the giant green beast that had dared to assault him.
"Don't tell me I need to change," she said. "I had a long day yesterday and I deserve to wear leggings and Sketchers."
"You ready, Boss?" Tony slid his sunglasses on.
"These should all be your size," Hill said. "I took the liberty of getting you fresh underwear as well."
"My God, it's so pretty in here," was the first thing he said. "I forgot how pretty it was."
Sliding the desk chair closer to the bed, Carol sat down. She used the end of the bed to put her feet up and got herself comfortable for what was sure to be a long wait.
"Like you 'forgot' about the last three?" Tony knew better than to try and respond to that. "That reminds me, I'm going to be interviewing candidates for your new PA Monday afternoon. You're welcome to sit-in if you're back by then and interested."
"You're already making me dinner," he pointed out. "You don't need to do that." Steve smiled.
Tony focused in on the man's face and tried to compare it with all the images he could recall seeing of Captain Rogers over the years. However, it had been a while since he had seen a photo of Rogers, plus the oxygen mask that was covering half his face was doing a rather good job of obscuring the man's features. Likely, this wasn't Steve Rogers and S.H.I.E.L.D. was pulling a fast one on him to get information on the Super Soldier Serum. Then again, if it was a ruse it was clearly an elaborate one. In fact, S.H.I.E.L.D. would probably have an easier time trying to hack into JARVIS' systems than they would have slapping all of this together (and Tony would be long dead and buried by the time they managed to crack the first layer of security protocols he had set up, never mind the other three-hundred layers that laid beneath.) So, Tony was torn. On the one hand, this was way too much effort to be exhausting to get a tiny bit of information that he didn't even have. On the other hand, Tony couldn't stop that old saying from ringing in his mind.
"It's not a problem," he said. "I just want to know that you're alright. You are alright, right?"
"Yeah," Tony said. "I met him last year and I've spent time with him since. Doesn't always live up to the legend…"
"Hello," she said as her eyes landed on Tony. "You're Mr. Stark, correct?"
"We need you to come in," Coulson said.
"Everyone, to say the least," Rhodey said. "In fact, I was hoping you could enlighten me on that." Tony sucked in a breath.
"Psh," Tony scoffed. "The Avengers Initiative was
Steve sat at a table at a café in Midtown. It was just down the street from where Stark Tower was being built. He still hadn't heard back from Tony, he was just trying to kill some time. It turned out, that wasn't the best idea in the world. The whole way there he just felt nothing but depressed. Part of it being how much everything had changed, the other part is how lonely he felt. He kept checking his phone to see if Tony had texted him back. No such luck. So, Steve tried busying himself with something that he loved (or at least used to.) Given that he had a great view of the tower from where he was sitting he started to sketch it on the back of the paper placemat the café had provided him. It didn't distract him as much as he'd like, but it was something.
"Well, we're exactly who we say we are," Tony said. "Earth's mightiest heroes, ready to step up and protect it from any threat."
Steve felt someone pat him on the shoulder and he smiled a bit.
"Yeah," Tony said. "It's not going to break your concentration or anything, right? It's not a long flight, but it might be nice to have a little background noise."
"I don't have a minute." Duran got up and went inside the building, heading straight for its facilities. The second they came into view, the brunette woman who was sitting with Nina before stepped out of the women's room.
"I know," he said. "And I'm glad. …Grateful, really. …More than grateful, I…" Tony locked eyes with Steve and by doing that, he must have seen all the nervous hesitation he was holding deep down inside. He moved to take Steve's hand, rubbing his thumb across the back of it much like Steve had done to his hand earlier. "I know this is scary for you." Steve snorted at the understatement.
"Yes," Annabeth said. "Is there anything I can help you with?" In response, the woman pulled a leather case out from her pocket and flipped it open to reveal a badge.
"What do you mean?"
"Fine," Lara said, putting a hand to her chest and bending over slightly. "Just more out of shape than I thought I was…"
Just as Pepper was finishing going through her e-mail, there was a knock at the door. She instructed them to come in and her own personal assistant stepped through the door; a dark-skinned man in his late 20's or early 30's by the name of Waylon.
"That girl is overdramatic to a T," he said. "I think that's why she and Tony get along so well."
The elevator ride up was particularly quiet. The only time anyone tried to speak up was Carol, who thought it pertinent to point out that it would be a lot faster if she could just fly them up to the penthouse. Neither Natasha nor Steve were amused by that remark and Carol just pressed her lips together and shrugged into the back of the elevator awkwardly.
"I take it you didn't find anything either," Bruce said. Natasha shook her head.
"Laser tag," were the only two words Fury needed to say to wipe the smirk of Carol's face. Tony wasn't sure what he just witnessed, but he was sure it was nothing he would ever see again, even if he lived to be a thousand and tried to appreciate the moment as best he could as Carol led him to the car.
They stood in silence for the rest of the ride, letting the emotional weight sink in. Heading back to Clint's room, the pizzas received mostly positive reviews and were eaten rather quickly, thanks to the three people with altered metabolisms. Clint was able to eat a couple of slices, but he ended up giving most of his share to the dog, much to Natasha's chagrin. ("What? He clearly likes pizza!")
"I don't think they have any cash on them," Steve said. "They can't catch a cab."
"No mixed drinks," she half-laughed in disbelief. "What kind of bar doesn't serve mixed drinks?"
"I didn't know that either," Pepper assured.
"Because I'm not worth caring about." Tony's response stunned Steve into silence. "I mean, look at what I've done. I've put you through hell in the last twenty-four hours. I got shit-faced drunk, and anytime anyone tried to say anything about it, I got nasty and ran away. I mean, I don't think I have a problem, but I do know that's not okay. You shouldn't be around me. No one should. I'm surprised you didn't break up with me the moment you saw me…"
"Oh, so much more," she said. Meanwhile, Natasha got over her shock. Well, at least enough to say something.
(See the end of the chapter for
Looking up, he saw that Steve had returned and set some type of high-tech gun down on one of the tables.
"I'm afraid I am being overridden."
After what seemed like an eternity, Carol was rolled back out of the machine and was told she had no signs of any internal injuries. It was all she could do not to jump for joy. Carol stood up and was about to walk out, but a nurse grabbed her by the arm and told her she had to wait for another nurse to come back with a wheelchair.
"Everyone can always be better," she said. "You just need to keep trying." Stark was silent as he mulled over her words. Carol, meanwhile, propped her feet back up on the foot of the bed. "So, a story for a story is only fair I suppose. Now, I've heard a lot about this 'Iron Man' guy, but I think it would probably be best to hear the story from the man himself. Don't you agree, Stark?"
"Okay, Mom." The kids then scurried out of the room, leaving Clint and Laura alone on the video call.
," Jessica said. "There's a difference."
"Good morning, St… What are you wearing?" Steve looked down and realized he was still wearing his suit from the night before.
"Hey, Conroy," he said. "Do you have any heart conditions?"
"I've heard the stories." It was Rhodes' turn to look down.
"Yeah," Tony laughed. "It takes us a while to get any traction, I'll give you that one, but let's do a head count, here. Your brother, the demigod…" Loki looked away at the mention of his brother and Tony used that as an opportunity to retrieve the bracelets he had slipped under the bar's counter. "A Super Soldier, a living legend who kind of lives up to the legend; a man with breathtaking anger management issues; a couple of master assassins…" Tony felt a thankful bit of satisfaction come over him as he clicked the second bracelet shut. "And you, big fella, you've managed to piss off every single one of them."
"Fine," she said. "I know when I'm talking to a wall. Just don't say I didn't warn you." With that, she turned and started heading back towards the table. Tony watched her until he was sure she wasn't coming back. Climbing onto one of the barstools, it didn't take long for the bartender to take notice of him.
"I did," she said. "You never showed up. Miss Potts told me I'd most likely find you at home, in your basement, working, so I came here but the bouncer wouldn't let me in." She gestured at the ceiling and the walls as she said the word "bouncer."
Realizing that it probably wasn't safe to lose that amount of blood, Lara stood up and pulled her pants back on. Her plan was to run out and ask the police officer to call for an ambulance, but as her vision began to blur, it became clear that it wasn't going to be that simple.
"Sure," Natasha said. "Go ahead."
After what felt like an eternity, Natasha's cell phone started to ring. She answered it and spoke quietly with the person on the other end of the line. The conversation was short with only a few words being exchanged before she hung up. Steve's heart froze as he waited for her to speak.
"Tiberius Stone. Where is he?" Steve was not sure how, but Rhodes somehow managed to look completely surprised and unsurprised at the same time.
"So, you say," Steve said. "But yet my brain can't help but think otherwise."
"I was under strict orders to observe only, not interfere." Tony had to laugh at that.
"No," she said. "I don't think he would have stayed on this floor. There aren't any public areas and he can't get to any of the rooms. If he was here, we would have found him already." Steve frowned. That meant Tony could be anywhere.
"What were you doing when you discovered it?"
"Mr. Stark has ingested three bottles of scotch," the AI confirmed. "In addition to a hundred milligrams of ketamine."
"He could apologize for that, though," Lara said.
"7:30, 7:45," Tony guessed. That meant that Steve had slept for almost four hours. He cursed internally.
"There's only one God, ma'am," Steve said as he quickly ran through a final safety check. "And I'm pretty sure he doesn't dress like that."
I think at most the story will be a two or three-shot (cross my fingers that I'm right) and once I have that finished, I'm going to start writing and posting for this story again. When I reach that story point (and don't worry, I will give you an indication in-story when we're supposed to hit that point) I will pause updating this fic to post that one and once that story is completed, then I'll resume posting for this fic, hopefully until the end. When can you expect this all to take place? Uh... Follow me on Twitter and Tumblr, I'll post updates there.
"I know what really happens to people who aren't mentally healthy," he said. "You can't promise me he's going to be okay when I'm not in there to protect him from what they could do." Pepper and Rhodey exchanged concerned glances.
"Guess you weren't counting on me to have a special party trick, were you?" Tony had to admit, he was hoping for those claims of "turning people to stone" was just a mass delusion created by terrified witnesses to a brutal murder.
"Good luck with that," Tony said.
"I just wasn't sure," she said. "The sentiment at the time was that homosexuality was a disease, something that could be cured or fixed. I guess I must have bought into that, too, because I was genuinely confused as to how Steve could have those kinds of tendencies. He was supposed to have all his diseases and conditions cured after receiving the serum, but despite that, he still felt that way. That's when I realized something."
"I'll take care of it," Steve assured. "But the two of you need to stop calling each other those names." Tony shrugged it off.
After learning that Loki's minions had been spotted in Stuttgart, Germany, Tony Stark immediately suited up as Iron Man to handle the situation. In his absence, he left his assistant, Lara Conroy, to monitor the building's power levels and report an outage if necessary.
"Still, you couldn't have grabbed one of those paper crowns on your way out?" The agent rolled his eyes and walked away. Tony thanked his retreating form before turning and moving back over to the window that overlooked the interrogation room.
"Sparing everyone?" Clint questioned. "Sparing them from what?"
"Stark, we're on your three, headed northeast." Tony never thought he'd ever be relieved to hear Natasha's voice, but at that moment, relief was an understatement. It was like hearing the voice of God and every angel in heaven singing the music of Queen as you ascended to the pearly gates. Still, they could've shown up sooner. By this point, Tony had given up on trying to shoot the aliens down before they made it out of the portal and was trying to lure as many as he could away from the streets, drawing the fire away from the police and scattered civilians.
"You can't say that," she said. "It's against the rules."
"I want to help you, Tony," he said. "I really do. I just don't know how. A soft look came across Tony's face as he flipped his hand around to clasp Steve's.
"Please," he said. "My middle name could be 'resentment.'"
The concierge nodded and complied, bringing the video back to the exact moment Tony stepped into frame. Steve's heart shuddered in his chest as he watched the video again. It was clear Tony wasn't in the right state of mind. He looked as if he would fall over completely blacked out at any second. Steve really started to kick himself then.
of his cell phone, but he ignored it. Whatever non-issue Lara had to bother him with now could wait.
"What does it look like?" Knežević growled and tried to lunge after Steve, but Steve slammed his now stone-reinforced replica shield into his side. Knežević groaned upon hitting the ground. Natasha appeared beside him and bent down to restrain his arms.
"What?" Salinas' eyes went wide.
Carol frowned. She wanted to reach out and touch it but worried that would be crossing some sort of line. Instead, she let go of the hem and turned back to her wrist display. The scans that she had previously done had shown that he was at no immediate risk of dying, but she hadn't studied them further than that. Tapping the screen, she brought up a holographic diagram of Stark's body. Quickly, she saw that his physiology differed from that of a normal human. Most predominantly was the cylinder, but the scans had also detected bits of metal spread throughout his chest cavity. Moving the diagram around at different angles, Carol was both shocked and awed at the sheer amount of metal that surrounded Stark's heart. From her limited knowledge of human anatomy (or just anatomy in general), she knew a person shouldn't be able to live with their body like that, and yet Stark had and clearly continued to do so.
"Nor is it mine," Lara said.
"Thank you." She appreciated that as the bra and underwear she was wearing felt way too sweaty and grubby even though she had only been wearing them for a day or so. Hill nodded.
"You too," he said, pressing one last kiss to Tony's cheek. "See you in the morning."
"First of all, I just want to make it clear that we're not going to confront Tony," Natasha said. "This isn't going to be an intervention. It's completely up to Tony whether he wants to talk to us and we're not going to do anything other than ask what we can do to help him. That's all."
"I was," Romanoff answered coolly. "There's no sense in denying that."
"Uh, thank you," Romanoff said, still clearly shocked. She instantly pulled out her phone and presumably began searching for the video herself.
"Eh," Stark shrugged. "Your assumption was just five years too late."
"It's alright," Tony said. "Like I said back at the museum, I want to move forward with you. If there's anything bothering you or anything I can help you with please, don't hesitate to ask." Steve frowned.
Carol kicked the door open with one foot. She knew the first door on the left was a small bedroom and carried Stark there. She set him down on the bed and draped a quilt over him before going back to check on Jessica. Stepping out into the hallway, she saw Jess standing front doorway with one hand on her back. Her eyes were studying the burn mark on the door.
"Do a full system scan," he said. "Has anything been transferred onto another device recently?"
The doctors had determined that Clint was healthy enough to be released from their care. He had been taken off the ventilator Wednesday evening and he'd been breathing on his own since then. His vitals had been steadily improving and were to the point where they felt that he was healthy enough to be out on his own and that he was no danger to the public at large (as far as contamination concerns went.) However, there were some restrictions applied.
"The Avengers is a valuable asset to S.H.I.E.L.D.," she said. "Even if we haven't gotten the chance to test you out properly yet, it's our duty to protect you."
"Yeah," Steve responded shakily. "That's just so messed up."
"Seriously?" Bruce nodded. "So essentially Steve took steroids while you took steroids crossed with crack cocaine." Bruce laughed.
"Oh, it gets worse than that," Stark said.
"I know," she said. "And I have it noted down in your file, but I want to hear it from you live, face to face." Tony looked down and shrugged, trying to force the proper words to explain out of his mouth.
"You know what," he said. "You never answered my question about Captain Danvers. Why were you grilling her so hard?" Natasha's face fell.
"And you've been doing what, exactly?" Bruce asked.
"Neither would I." Salinas turned his gaze to Adoniram, eyes wide with shock.
It stung, so much so that Natasha had to turn her gaze away from the mirror and down to her feet. She knew she had done wrong. She knew she owed some apologies – to Steve if not anyone else. She ignored his concerns the entire time and did as she pleased. That wasn't right, especially if they were going to be working together as a team.
"Hello, this is Virginia Potts," Pepper's voicemail greeted. "Please leave a message and I will get back to you." Tony internally cursed as he hit the end call button on his phone. He turned back to the kid, who was still babbling away with apologies.
"But that doesn't help us unless we know who we're dealing with." Betty nodded in agreement before turning back to the box.
"I'm not upset because I'm afraid," she said. "I'm upset because I shouldn't have been made to feel that way in the first place. He tried to
"I'm not afraid to hit an old man," Tony said that, but he didn't mean that. In fact, he was more likely to push Steve up against the wall, kiss him until he couldn't breathe, and start ripping his clothes off.
"I'll have whatever the exact opposite of that is." Honestly, he did not want to eat. He just wanted to power through all the paperwork and get it done so that way he could head down to R&D and get some actual work done. However, he knew Pepper would not leave him alone until he agreed to eat something. So, he gave in. Though, Pepper still did not look quite pleased.
Remember kids, stay strong, stay safe.
"So, isn't that only attempted murder?" he asked.
"So, I'm sorry to say that this was an intended to be a solo appointment between me and Mr. Stark," Dr. Cranston explained. "At least, that's what I was told over the phone…"
"Now, the Avengers," she said. "Can you tell us a bit about how they came to be?"
"I gave him Valium." Her voice was very clear and direct. "I had to. He was showing signs of severe anxiety and I needed to calm him down as fast as possible. Besides, he could probably do with the nap given that he told me he's probably only gotten ten hours of sleep this week at the bare minimum." Steve could barely control the shocked look on his face, though he did keep his mouth from falling open in astonishment.
It was no secret that in addition to destroying worlds, Thanos also searched for the Infinity Stones. No one knew his motivation or purpose behind it, but rumor had it he had stolen the Mind Stone from the royal vault of a planet he conquered some time ago. No one had seen it for years and Thanos killed anyone with intentions of taking it back from him on the spot. Regardless, Loki knew that if Thanos was willing to destroy an entire planet just to get one Infinity Stone, he'd probably be willing to do anything to get another. Loki could use that to his advantage. His life depended on it.
"…Especially since prior to that you only got one hour of sleep today." Shocked, Steve put his fork down. Tony, for his part, was completely unapologetic. "Yeah, I can do that, too."
On the way to the airport, Tony thought about his night with Steve and figured out a plan for it. The excitement began to bubble inside of him and a smile appeared on his face.
It continued all throughout the night and into the next morning. His old neighbors, Audrey's teacher who had testified against him in court, the warden of the prison he was held in, the police officers who arrested him, several corrections officers who had tormented him over the years… All of them were getting their due one by one. Knežević tried to savor the sweet, glorious feeling that serial killing brought him.
"What?" Steve's voice was not nearly as bleary or tired as Tony's, a testament to their vastly different endurance levels.
"Alright," Viv said as she started down the staircase that led to the first floor. "If you'll just follow me, we'll start our tour with the first-floor east wing."
"My friend Todd did," Lara said. "And she introduced me to Phil and Melinda, who ended up being very helpful contacts to have in my line of work. Speaking of which, where is Melinda?"
"I don't want to overwhelm him," Rhodey explained. "But I'll call you if I need you."
"Yes." Dr. Fox turned his gaze over to Tony, showing his obvious displeasure that he was even in the same room as him. "Rogers was asking to speak to Stark before I left him to rest."
Since Tony finished fast, he could leave the table. He headed straight for Steve, who was seated just a few tables away. Getting close, Tony frowned when he heard the conversation.
"What is it?" The look of horror on Betty's face made Bruce's stomach sink.
"Well, I think it's plain to see what went wrong here," Hill said.
They sat there for a while in silence. Tony tried to process the fact that he was still alive while Steve supported him. It was a nice moment, but the moment had to pass, and Tony started to move to lie back down. Steve shut off the light and did the same, lying on his side to face him.
A woman with her hair cut in a short, blonde bob walked up to them. She was wearing a white button-up shirt and khaki pants. In her arms were a clipboard and a series of papers. Lara frowned. She probably wanted them to sign something.
"Yeah," Tony said. "I mean, I can't expect it to be pretty as Steve's sketches. That would be setting an impossible standard that reality can't live up to."
"Yeah, drop the murder part," Tony said. "It'll be more shocking when somebody dies that way."
"What do you mean?" Lara sighed.
"Only when you're hiding behind a suit of armor." Tony's only response was a hard glare. Hill returned it in kind. "I know you have concerns over the authenticity of this man's identity, but you can't go in there. Not until we can ensure that it's safe for you to do so."
He'd been like that since the CDC had taken Stark away. At first, the remaining S.H.I.E.L.D. doctors hand tried to reassure him and get him to sit down, but it was futile. He was too full of anxious energy and probably would be until the CDC confirmed it was just nothing.
he reminded himself.
"It's fine." Tony found his eyes going back to the sensor on his finger. He wished he could take the sensor off and leave, but if he took off the sensor the monitor would begin to flatline and he'd be caught right away.
"Uh, do you need me to help with anything?" she asked, probably a little too quickly. "Anything at all?"
"Can he walk?" Cooper asked.
"I mean it saves me the conversation," he said. "And I hate that conversation."
Satisfied that the parachute was securely on his shoulders, Steve picked his shield back up and moved to the rear of the plane. Without any hesitation, he jumped from the aircraft, making his body as aerodynamic as possible to get to what was surely going to be an intense brawl that much faster.
Despite that, it was clear that the recording had not suddenly stopped as distorted audio could still be heard. Brief glimpses of light showed that the camera's lens had been covered by the man's gloved hand. Rhodey questioned what he was doing until the man slowly started pulling his hand out of the way, replacing it with the vent cover. He struggled to balance it and place it in a position where the lens was able to view the scene below through the slats, but eventually somehow, he managed it. Once he had everything lined in position, the man produced a screwdriver from his belt and put the bolts back into place. After that, he got down off the bed and stepped out of frame, leaving Rhodey feeling concerned.
"Yes, a woman!" Dante was practically growling. Lara didn't bat an eyelash.
"No, no," Bruce said. "It's not a bother. I just wanted to make sure you were okay."
"Good," she said before walking past him to join the others in the lounge.
Understandably, Rhodey seemed hesitant to accept that and asked Tony if he needed him to get there faster. Tony assured him once again that there was no danger and that no one was hurt (ignoring the minor cut Pepper had on her cheek.) Reluctantly, Rhodey conceded to Tony and hung up the call, but Tony would be damned if he did not end up arriving ahead of schedule.
"Exactly what I said," Natasha said. "Ask him what we can do to help him." Steve raised an eyebrow.
"The People's Unity Church," Hill repeated. "You're absolutely sure."
"Never doubt it," Steve said. "Not even for a second." Tony rubbed his thumb across Steve's cheek.
"Besides," she said. "We've already called in an expert on cellular biology to examine the letter and your insight would be a great help to her." Bruce narrowed his eyes.
"All of them." Adoniram smiled. "Every single industry trade secret. Every single shady dealing and off-shore bank account. Everything Stark has tried to keep hidden over the past twenty-one years. Hell, we could probably find dirt going as far back as Howard Stark! The possibilities are endless because we have access to everything!"
"Why should I?" she asked. "That's Trevor's job, not mine."
"I'd say enough with the foreplay, slick. What are you selling?" Lara smirked at the aghast expression that crossed Carl's face. "What? You're clearly running a scam here. Just tell me what it is you want me to buy and I'll be on my merry way."
"Do you know why he was thrown out?" Hill asked.
"Yes." Steve could feel himself starting to smile as well. "I was just calling to let you know I'm alright."
"Sorry kids," he said as he went over to one of the screens. "You don't get to see my party trick after all."
"That is a negative. Requesting to be patched through to Director Fury directly. Over."
"How is he right now?" Fury asked. "Is he up for visitors?"
Sure enough, Rebecca came running back around the corner with Bucky close on her heels, yelling for her to stop before he told on her to their mother. He kept trying to reach out to catch her, but the younger girl had an unstoppable amount of sheer will and determination to get away from her older brother that gave her a boost of speed that managed to just keep her out of his reach. Despite this, she wasn't exactly paying attention to where she was going, and neither was Bucky as he was too focused on trying to grab her. As a result, when Steve stepped into her path to try and gently stop her, she ended up slamming into the sickly boy at an incredibly high speed. Bucky slammed into them both and the force of it all sent them tumbling to the ground, with Steve taking the brunt of the fall.
"You're too fast to be stabbed." Natasha raised an eyebrow to that remark but didn't comment on it further. "So, you think she's someone we need to be wary of?"
"I just said that I'm breaking for lunch," she said. "If anything, I'd be wasting my time by
"They've been having earthquakes in Pennsylvania because of fracking," she pointed out.
"Sorry," he said. "Just checking to make sure you're okay. You feel very warm." Looking out the window, Tony could see that the sun was barely beginning to rise.
"Pepper." Happy's tone was more cautious than disapproving, clearly not wanting to push anyone in a direction that would make them upset. Pepper brushed some hair out of her face as she took a breath.
"Why am I not surprised that you're just showing up
"He was oddly cooperative," she said. "From what I've read about him, I half-expected him to throw on the Iron Man suit, kick us all out, and try to investigate it on his own, but no. He cooperated fully and didn't put up much of a fight. It actually surprised me."
"Stark," Steve called out to try and stop him. "We need a plan of attack!"
"But you hadn't met the rest of them before or even worked with them," Tony answered in the affirmative again. "That's surprising given that all of you worked as such a well-oiled machine when it came down to it."
"I still think this is a horrible idea," she said.
"My apologies, Mr. Stark," Dr. Rawls said. "By your estimation, when did the fever start?"
"Well, at least we know it works."
"And we're not going to let it happen," Bruce assured. "We'll help you. You have our support, right?"
"Alright," he said. "As much as it pains me to do this, I have to get in the shower and get ready for work."
"Mm-hm." The smirk on Betty's face made it clear that she didn't believe a single word of that. "What about the Avengers? You're friends with them, too, right?"
"Okay." Oswin began typing her search into the engine. "Chemical labs near Lennox, CA." The page instantly changed and displayed results on screen. She quickly skimmed the list before reading it aloud. "There's West Manufacturing in Athens, Neilson-Edelman Corporation in Compton, Stark Industries in Hawthorne…"
Tony used the intermission between films to order the food. The order went out to Ray's Pizzeria and Tony swore it was going to be the best pizza any of them were ever going to have in their lives. They were all understandably skeptical about that, but no one tried to argue with him. They settled on three large pepperoni pizzas for Tony and Clint, six large cheese pizzas for Bruce, Steve, and Natasha, and one small cheese-less pizza for Lara. With their order on the way, they started on the second film.
There was a gap in Lara's memory after that. One second, she was standing at the top of the stairs, the next she was at the bottom of them, trying to haul herself to her feet with pain starting to spread throughout her body. It didn't take a genius to fill in the blanks.
"Dante attacked me by pushing me down a set of stairs." Bruce turned his head to look at Lara, but her gaze remained fixed straight ahead. "I was hurt, but not that bad. At least, I didn't think so. I didn't have anywhere else to go, so I went back to my office at the Secret Service headquarters. I called the police and tried to make a report but while I was in the middle of that, I started bleeding heavily to the point where I blacked out. I was in and out of consciousness after that, but I did stay awake long enough to find out I was suffering a miscarriage." For a moment, all the air left Bruce's lungs and if he didn't flash a shade of green, it was a miracle.
"Play it." The concierge nodded and did as Natasha commanded.
"So why are we going down to D.C. so early?" Bruce asked. "I mean, I know it's to do press, but can't we do that from New York and go down for the State of the Union on Tuesday?"
As Steve's mother finished up wrapping up his hand, Mrs. Barnes appeared in the doorway, still looking extremely cross.
"Don't act so surprised, Kree," he said. "You know what you've done."
There was then a knock at the door, and when no one answered it came open. In walked a woman in a gray dress with her red hair pulled back into a ponytail, the blonde woman from before following close behind. The redheaded woman's face scrunched in confusion as she turned back to the blonde.
"Sorry." Pepper nodded in acceptance. "So, I got thrown out of the hotel?"
"I'm not," Tony admitted. "I'm scared out of my mind. I'm just not trying to get bogged down by the 'what ifs.'" That last part was a lie and Tony mentally kicked himself for lying to Pepper again. However, it was a lie she needed to hear, so he couldn't feel too bad about it. "Now I know you're upset and scared right now, but can we please talk about something else? Anything else? I don't really want to give too much thought to my eventual demise right now." Pepper raised her head and nodded, pulling herself together.
That is when it clicked with him. He was not as upset with Pepper as he was with Romanoff for sharing the video. Everyone else he could forgive for watching the video. Steve, Clint, Bruce, and Lara needed to in order to find him and Pepper and Happy were just concerned for him. He could even forgive Pepper for filing the lawsuit. She wanted people to be held accountable for what happened to him and he could understand that.
"That's the best part," Knežević said. "You'll be my business partner. We'll go fifty-fifty on the profits, but fifty-fifty is still potentially hundreds of millions of dollars."
"Yeah," Cabe said. "You look terrible. Go get some rest."
"Are you worried that they are going to be insensitive about you seeking help?" Dr. Cranston asked. "Because I assure you, there's nothing wrong with seeking help if you need it."
"Are you kidding?" Natasha replied. "I'm working."
"You just threw a missile into space," Steve pointed out. "I think I have a right to be worried."
"You can't force people to get help, especially if they don't need it! I don't need it! I'm fucking Iron Man for Christ's sake!"
In the next half of the second, the anxiety returned full force. His eyes went to the sink automatically and he jumped forwards, hoping to seek out the flask he kept in the cabinet, but he stopped himself. The memories of withdrawal pains were too fresh. He didn't want to go through that again. Besides, Pepper had already taken care of that flask, along with all the others hidden throughout the apartment. He was sure. He checked. Slowly, Tony pressed his forehead against the edge of the sink.
"Shit," Tony cursed. "Worse than I thought. Do you see any wires that look frayed or severed?"
"His readings are still the same," she reported. "Nothing abnormal. Do you know what kind of symptoms we should be looking for?"
"Could you just hear me out?" Dante took a step forward, causing Cabe to raise a hand in warning.
"You can try," she said. "But I doubt you'll get anywhere." She handed the cell phone over to Clint and he smirked.
Steve knew it wasn't though. He was getting too much sensory input for it to be a dream. Sure, he couldn't see, and his other senses seemed to be dulled a bit, but it was enough for him to determine that this was the reality. An insane reality, maybe, but still, reality.
"Sounds like you need to keep a better eye on your things," she remarked.
"Well, that isn't what this is," Rhodes assured. "So, you can relax."
Turning her attention to the file she had in her hand, she read everything pertinent about the victim that she could find. Her name was Tricia See. She had worked for the California Department of Social Services for almost twenty years. Outside of her job, she didn't live a risky lifestyle. She had a husband, two kids, and never got in trouble with the law. She didn't even have a parking ticket on record. The obvious scenario for as to why this murder occurred was that someone she came into contact to through her work was upset with her for some reason. Maybe she split up their family? Maybe she gave a scathing testimony about them in court? It didn't matter, though. The point was that this person was probably angry with her for what she did as a profession and Duran felt like she probably had a good guess as to who.
"That doesn't deter me," she said. "I've been trying to figure out the Zodiac and Tamám Shud ciphers for years."
"But…" Natasha sighed.
"No," she said. "In order to return to work, I had to pass a mental health screening. I failed miserably." Bruce raised his eyebrows in surprise. "Don't worry, I've gotten help. I'm fine now, but I was in a bad place for a while. It took a bit for me to get back up on my feet, but I did it somehow and I got this job. Not sure how I did that either, but…"
Hey! Look! Rhodey is here! I finally managed to get him to sit down and co-operate with me in order to write the story! Isn't that fantastic!
"Oh," was all Stark said in response. Something in his voice told Clint that he probably realized he probably shouldn't have asked that question.
"Hey!" Tony protested, but Pepper met his eyes with stubborn intensity.
"Neither do I," the clerk said. "So why don't you go peddle your bullshit somewhere else?"
"What are you suggesting?" Steve kept his voice neutral, but he had to admit he was liking where this was going.
"Too bad, considering I already have three." Lara narrowed her eyes at him.
"Well, Steve and Tony left," Bruce pointed out. "I know they weren't supposed to do that."
Originally uploaded to FFN on 10/28/19.
"You've met Captain Rogers and Agent Romanoff before?" Tony answered in the affirmative. "That's interesting. Can you talk a bit about how that came to be?"
"Come on," he said. "I need to talk to you about something anyway."
"It's not that," Tony said. "I'm just offended you use Windows Vista."
"Are you ready?" he asked. Tony could see Carol smile a bit as he nodded.
"But he doesn't want people knowing about it," Steve pointed out.
"Start playing at twice the speed," Tony said. "Don't have a lot of time."
Tony pulled his legs up onto the seat and leaned over to rest his head on Steve's (well-toned) arm. He could feel Steve tense up a little bit before relaxing seconds later.
Steve and Romanoff helped him back to the room. Once he was settled into bed, Romanoff left and Steve slid into the space next to him, wrapping his arms around his waist. Tony buried his face in Steve's shoulder and took a deep breath, trying to relax. His stomach felt much worse than it did during the State of the Union. Part of him was convinced that if he could just fall asleep, then maybe the nausea would go away. It was wishful thinking, but Tony was still willing to try it.
"The cause?" Salinas unwaveringly smiled.
"Yeah," Pepper said. "What's wrong with that?"
"Romanoff's jumpy," the voice he could now guess was Tony's said. "I should have expected that. Besides, you almost stabbed Bruce in the eye when you first met him. You're not one to talk."
He could try to sneak out, but there weren't that many places he could think to go, especially the Friday night before Christmas. He could leave and walk to a hotel, but that would take hours and he'd be in even more trouble once Howard saw the charge on his credit card bill (or rather, his accountant saw it and ratted Tony out again.) He could try seeing if Meredith was home, but he hadn't talked to her since that summer, had no idea whether her parents had let her come home for the holidays, knew that if they did there was likely a party going on there as well, and that her father hated him simply for being the son of Howard Stark. (He also didn't find the idea of having to outrun her family's guard dogs again if he got caught particularly appealing.) His only friend from school was on the other side of the country… The only option he could think of as being feasible was sleeping on the beach like a homeless person. Yes, that seemed like a perfectly acceptable place to stay with the Long Island temperatures and the fact that snow was promised for the next day. Tony eventually gave up, grabbed one of the pillows off the bed, and sat down on the floor. He didn't think he was going to start crying, but he wanted to be prepared to muffle the sound just in case.
"Oh," she said. "Well, how was I supposed to know that? Americans have such weird names."
"Sure thing!"
Once dressed, Tony turned around just in time to catch one last glimpse of Steve's perfectly sculpted abs before he pulled his shirt down over his torso. Unable to resist the tease, Tony surged forward and caught Steve's lips in a heated, passionate kiss that quickly turned into a make out session up against the bathroom door. Both pulled away feeling completely breathless, and Tony rested his forehead on Steve's shoulder.
"Loki needs a power source," Tony said. "Somewhere that can provide enough energy to get the Cube up and running. There aren't that many places on Earth that can generate that kind of power, so it's a short list."
"I'm not seeing…"
Lara rushed around Lucy and over to Bruce's side. The two of them started fast-walking to the escalators, not bothering to look back. Without needing to discuss it, the two of them walked out of the station and hailed a cab to take them back to the hotel. Lara held her breath until they pulled out of Columbus Circle.
"Captain Rogers," she said. "Can I have a word with you for a second?" Steve looked at Tony for a few seconds. He could tell Tony didn't want him to let go, but he had to. After all, Tony wasn't clear enough to explain what was going on. That much, Steve could tell.
"What do you mean?" Tony asked. "All of this came from you." Pepper shook her head with a slight laugh.
"Car backfire?" Happy suggested.
The redhead bit her lip in consideration, but eventually stepped back from the elevator door, allowing Steve and Tony to pass.
"Don't hand me things," he grumbled as he stepped away from the door. Lara followed him inside and shut it. Tony powered on the phone and was about to ask for the specific phone number when his ears were suddenly assaulted by the sound of mid-80s pop rock.
"We have pay per view," Clint pointed out. "And probably thousands of movies at our disposal."
"A lot," he said. "I heard you crying and I heard you telling Mrs. Barnes how they treated people at the hospital. I don't want to go there! I don't want any of that to happen!"
"So, he's mad at both of us?" Steve nodded. "Damn. I was hoping you could act as a buffer between us so that way things wouldn't get too ugly when he fired me." Steve shook his head.
As she carried him to the safe house, it became no question in Carol's mind that Stark was drunk. She could smell it on him. It was so potent that she could feel tears build up in her eyes. How Jessica was able to stand it, she would never know. Well, she did know, but even without her own hang ups, the scent was still unbearable. How much had Stark had?
"Is this a trick?" Tony found himself questioning allowed. "Am I getting
"I wanted to apologize," she said slowly, carefully enouncing each syllable. "When you were drunk at the gala, I should not have screamed at you, and I especially should not have grabbed you and dragged you away. That was abusive and wrong, and for that, I am sorry. I hope I didn't hurt you at all."
That was the worst part. This was a ship full of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents with four enhanced persons on board, and yet none of them could do anything to stop it. Loki got away, Coulson was dead… They got Barton back, but that bright side completely paled in comparison to what they'd lost. To think, this all could have never happened if they just pulled together and worked as a team, but that was never going to happen. Anyone who even thought for a millisecond that this was going to work was absolutely kidding themselves.
"Yes, ma'am," was all he said.
The answer to all of those was a resounding
That was, until he found himself in the field again, with the farmhouse still intact in the distance. The events replayed again and once everything went to black, it started again. Over and over Clint watched his entire family be killed. With each replay, Clint could feel himself die a little each time. He begged, pleaded to whoever was making this happen to stop, but each time he got no answer. He just watched it all happen again. Eventually, Clint had no choice but to give in to the fear.
"Because I'll get thrown out," he admitted. "My dad will finally have an excuse to be rid of me."
"Twice."
One second, he was staring at the same still image of the chem lab, the next, the image changed drastically to show a chair turned on its side, a smashed black box on the floor, and the reinforced door to the storage locker wide open. Tony almost jumped out of his seat, it changed so quickly. It was like one of those screamer videos on YouTube, only with no sound.
"Tony…"
"When did you first notice the rock on your fence?" Duran asked.
"What I don't understand is why we're still even bothering to talk about this at all. I mean, there is no point. Miss Romanave or whatever her name is will just leak it back to S.H.I.E.L.D. as soon as this meeting is over. So, why even bother?"
"What do you mean?" he asked.
"At least I'm pretty sure it is," Lara said. "I can't tell if that's supposed to be a six or a zero."
"Uh, first of all, his first name is Agent." Pepper shot Tony a glare. "Secondly, how the hell do you know him?"
"That's not the only thing I see," he cut her off. "There are other things interspersed in there. I see what I did while I was under Loki's control; I see myself betraying S.H.I.E.L.D.; everything that I hold dear. I see myself hurting innocent people; killing them. Coulson…" He trailed off there for a moment as if determining what he should say. He swallowed hard. "I see Coulson a lot."
"Give me the phone." Lara frowned.
"Come on in," the producer said. "Make yourselves comfortable. Miss Everhart will be ready for you in just a few minutes."
Since she thought it was an emergency and the Avengers needed her there ASAP, Carol had left her burner phone at Maria's house, along with her flight suit and her wrist display. She had her pager on her, but it wasn't compatible for modern texting. She also didn't think to call Maria until she was a block away from the Tower, so it wasn't like she could turn back and ask to use the phone. Luckily, she did somehow manage to find thirty bucks in the back pocket of her jeans, so it wasn't like she was completely stranded. She just had to hope that bus fare was cheap and that she could find a payphone.
"Still not the point." Lara groaned.
?" He shrugged. "I don't know. I wasn't expecting to be put on the spot like that." The crowd gave a little laugh at that, and then it was on to Natasha.
"No," Tony said. "That's their business. I don't need to comment on that."
"No, I need to go." Tony finally managed to push around Steve. He started stumbling towards the street. "Where's the limo?" Steve was quick to follow him.
"Kind of," Tony said somewhat reluctantly. Bruce shook his head.
"That's it?"
"You do
"You're right," she said. "On both accounts. Your blood test came back clean, while Barton tested positive for Ebola and H5N1. However, that doesn't give you the authority…"
"Fine," Lara dismissed as she forced herself to sit up. "Probably need a shot of insulin, but fine. What time is it?"
"Where are you?" he asked.
"Enough!" On the other side of the crowd, Dr. Smith stood atop a chair, glaring down at all of them. "Mr. Stark is
"Our biggest guns couldn't touch it," Steve pointed out.
"Was it the elevator that made you sick?" Steve asked.
"Sure thing," he said and walked out of the room.
"And that's good because…?" Bruce asked.
"Is Tony in your room?" Bruce frowned at Lara's question.
"That's the meeting room?" Bruce questioned.
"I guess," Steve said. "I mean, I can't stop worrying."
"Tell you what," she said. "You bear with one more night of resting in bed, and we'll see about having breakfast downstairs tomorrow."
While Mrs. Barnes lectured her daughter about why it was wrong and impolite to bite people, Steve's mom led her son to the Barnes' bathroom to tend to his wounds. Bucky followed close behind and the two boys explained what happened outside.
"It's just that…" Lorraine started. "Well, they're both already so well-adjusted. Audrey's starting her senior year soon, she's thinking about college, and Stephanie has her own friends and problems as well, but they're happy. Things are good. I don't want you to come in here and mess that up."
"Just not
"What the hell?" he said. "What is wrong with you?"
Yes, Tony was just now getting to installing Carol's frequency on his phone. It had slipped his mind with everything that had happened, and he had only remembered that morning when he incidentally stumbled upon the stationary Carol had written it down on. Remembering what she said about not wanting to miss the party next time, he figured he should enter the frequency into JARVIS' database sooner rather than later.
(See the end of the chapter for
"So," he said. "How harsh of a third degree did they give you?" Carol snorted out a humorless laugh.
"Ah…" Lara tried to cut in, but Dante stopped her.
"Well, looks like you've got your work cut out for you." Tony only nodded in response. "Anything I can help with?"
"No," she assured. "We could use a little worse."
"It was nothing." Natasha tried not to roll her eyes at that dramatic understatement.
"Four hours." Pepper frowned.
Desperation is a marvelous thing. It can cause people to do things they never would bring themselves to otherwise, like order a biological attack on a group of superheroes. That was guaranteed to work out well.
"Okay," she said. "That's good. I mean, not
"It can't be helped sometimes," he said. "It's the nature of the beast."
"Mad at you?" The puzzlement was clear in Steve's voice. "Why would I be mad at you?"
"What?" Tony said without thinking.
"I don't know what that is." Steve heard Tony mutter "of course you don't" under his breath. He couldn't help but roll his eyes at that.
"Uh, Dante Conroy." Lara felt like the floor had been pulled out from underneath her and she was plummeting all fifty-nine floors straight to the ground. "He wouldn't tell me his relation to you. Is he your brother or something?"
"Because none of them have anyone that cares about them," his mother explained. "That's the saddest thing about that place; no one – not the nurses, not the doctors, and probably not even their families – cares about them. It absolutely broke my heart. Even though they were offering me good money to work a couple nights a week, I couldn't in all good conscience do it. It doesn't matter if they're retarded, queer, or just plain insane; just because they're sick doesn't mean we have to stop treating them like people. Do you understand?"
Both members of the legal team wore the same grim expressions on their faces as they explained that they didn't have much of a case for slander against Freeman. Slander was one of the hardest things to prove in court. There had to be solid evidence that the person had the intention to hurt or defame and while that might be as plain as day to anyone that he was trying to hurt SI and Tony's reputation, they needed tangible evidence that Freeman had done exactly that. Yes, they did have a recording of the press conference and an explicit transcript of everything that he had said, but that didn't prove his intent. They needed tangible evidence of that, too, and sadly, they didn't have that. Pepper and Lara could testify that they had spoken to him beforehand and were led to believe that the content of his speech to the media would be much different, that could all easily be dismissed as hearsay.
She'd later come to regret that text.
"No thanks," Steve said to the old man without really paying attention to anything other than the text on his screen. "I think I've already got someone." As he got up, Steve could have sworn he heard a scoff of "kids these days," but ignored it. He started to walk away from the café while typing a text to Tony at the same time.
"No," she said. "Absolutely not."
When he did this, everything became clear. To end the terror, he needed to accept the power of the Mind Stone into his heart and accept its wielder as his master. Slowly but surely, Clint opened his heart and mind to these ideas and began to embrace them. When he did, he felt all terror leave him. There was only one thing that mattered in his life anymore, and that was to serve and protect the wielder of the Mind Stone, the man standing in front of him with a victorious grin on his face, Loki Laufeyson.
"A magician never reveals her secrets." The smirk remained on her face as she drank down the last of her beer.
"If he shits on something, your paying for it, Clint." Clint grinned as he gave the puppy's ear a scratch.
"You'll like this."
As his eyes slipped shut, Tony could hear something in a distant part of his mind. A voice, one that he hadn't heard in such a long time. She was singing to him, softly, just as she had always done when she tucked him into bed at night. All his life Tony was skeptical of the existence of an afterlife, but if this was it, he couldn't think of a better way to be welcomed into it.
"The problem," he said. "Is that I need to get five million other things done before I can even start to think about what color the walls should be."
When the nurse stuck the needle into Steve, Tony watched with unwavering eyes. Although he was standing a few feet away, he could see that the nurse only extracted a few milliliters of blood – the same amount Dr. Smith had extracted from him. The nurse quickly capped off the sample and taped a cotton ball over the injection point.
Nina was heading to her girlfriend Oswin's house for their usual Tuesday chill night. This week, it was Nina's turn to order the takeout while Oswin handled the movie. She couldn't wait to see Oswin's reaction when she brought in the Thai food from her favorite place. It was a bit pricey but worth it.
"No," he said. "She's just scared for her friend. He looked Hill in the eye. "It's not contagious at this point, right? She'll be fine?"
" Adoniram's voice was booming. Freeman looked as though his heart stopped beating for a moment. "I will not have you questioning my methods in such a manner. I will not align myself with demons and false profits, nor will I align the church with them. Doing so would jeopardize our ascension. Do you understand that?"
"The Los Angeles FBI field office issued a BOLO for Vasyl Knežević," JARVIS explained as the image of an Asian man came up on screen. "Knežević is believed to have been involved in the robbery at Stark Industries the other day and may be linked to a series crimes committed in the past few days."
Once they were down the stairs, Pepper approached them. Before he could say anything, Tony found himself pulled into a hug. Although it was warm and friendly, Tony couldn't quite relax into it, still somewhat worried. Pepper moved her head so she could speak right into his ear.
