“Prime minister’s a lot of work,” said Mycroft. “Maybe I could get a smaller position and do work there.”
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
The months flew by. When Mycroft wasn’t co-running a successful comic business, he was playing with Sherlock. He could now laugh at Mycroft, a high-pitched giggle that fascinated Mycroft to no end. Anything he did would make the baby laugh, but buzzing noises worked the best.
Soon, Mrs. Hudson had finished walking, and they were back in front of the television wondering how to spend the rest of the day. The fashion fun had ended too soon, and they were trying to come up with other glam things to do, when there was a knock at the door.
“Fine.” The two set their luggage down on the bed and met with Lestrade in the kitchen.
“Sherlock,” he said.
Mr. and Mrs. Holmes were waiting outside when they arrived. John was at once struck by how much Sherlock resembled his parents. He had his father’s eyes and mouth, and his mother’s nose. Mr. and Mrs. Holmes immediately rushed over to see the baby, who had just woken up and was very confused as to who these new people were. Everyone went inside and, once Sherlock and John had settled in and checked on Rosie, had lunch.
“Well, I’m glad you’re not doing it anymore,” he said, in an attempt to clear the room. He gave a small smile, hoping it wouldn’t be taken the wrong way. Sherlock returned his smile, and Mrs. Holmes let out a nervous chuckle.
Re: John Hamish Watson!
“What is it, Sherlock?” he yawned.
“Will do.” The door shut behind Lestrade and John and Mrs. Hudson were left to clean up the make up from the desk. Mrs. Hudson brought the box and bag back downstairs to her flat and John was left by himself. He decided to start blogging the recent case Sherlock had solved that he hadn’t gotten around to writing up yet. He grabbed his laptop and sat down at the desk.
“I got sent to the headmaster’s office,” said Sherlock, smirking. That ought to disinterest them.
In the fall, Mycroft began fifth year, and he delved back into his way of life before he had befriended Billy. He worked and played alone at school, came home and did his studies, and in the evening ate dinner and played with Sherlock. Mycroft wasn’t quite happy, but he wasn’t sad, so he counted that as a win. His ninth birthday party was family-only and consisted mainly of cake and presents. Meanwhile, Sherlock was beginning to learn the alphabet, which excited the whole family.
“What should I get, Mycroft?” he asked, looking over at his brother, who was now eyeing the numerous flavors with a hint of gluttony.
“What’s taking so long? We went the same way, you guys were right behind us.”
Where are you?
“Can you do it again?” asked Daddy, now with the camera ready. Sherlock stared at him and shook his head slightly. He crawled over to the toy bin and busied himself with one of the many entertaining objects to be found. He decided the car was what he wanted and pushed it around absently, often stopping if something else caught his eye before moving on and continuing in laps around the room. Mycroft shook his head a little, bemused and disappointed that Sherlock’s first steps were over so soon.
“Okay, Sherlock, can you put in a good word for me with that chick over there?” Victor asked while at a bar one evening.
“Mycroft, the sooner you totally submerge yourself, the sooner you’ll get used to it,” suggested John, grinning. Mycroft smiled, but his eyes were annoyed. He then reluctantly ducked under the water and came right back up.
“A violin?” Sherlock scrunched his face in confusion.
"What color do you want for the shadow?" Mrs. Hudson asked him. She had a variety of colors, but none seemed subtle enough for John. After what seemed like ages, he finally settled on a bronze one. Mrs. Hudson began to apply it. The brush tickled and John tried not to laugh. When she had finished, John couldn't help but giggle in make-up induced giddiness. It all seemed ridiculously funny to him once he had loosened up. When he finally calmed down, Mrs. Hudson applied the rouge, but the brush just set him off again. Suddenly, Mrs. Hudson started laughing, and they were both out of breath, stomach-hurts laughing themselves silly.
“No, not yet. I don’t need them, though. I’ve done well enough on my own.”
SCOTT’S
“I think you should wear the swimsuit,” chimed John. He looked at Mycroft in a bit of a come-at-me sort of way.
He closed his notebook and sighed. This wasn’t exactly useful information. It mostly just got him either weird looks or a black eye. Nobody needed you to tell them they’d been smoking. That was considered impolite. Offensive. He’d been sent to the headmaster’s office numerous times for upsetting people. Sometimes Sherlock wondered why he still bothered with this. He went downstairs, looking for something interesting to do, when the headline on the newspaper resting on a table caught his attention. Tragic Carl Died ‘Doing What He Loved’. Sherlock opened the paper to read the article. A boy named Carl Powers had died while swimming. The article said drowned. But there were many things about the case that didn’t quite make sense. All of Carl’s clothes had been in his locker, except his shoes. The article listed out the contents of the locker. The police either didn’t notice or didn’t care, for it wasn’t brought up as something important. Where were his shoes? Just then, Mycroft walked in. Sherlock didn’t even look up to say hello.
“I-” Sherlock began.
“Well, I thought your form could’ve been better,” said John. “But it was excellent entertainment.”
“Sherlock,” said John gently. He put an arm around his shoulders and guided him back down. Sherlock made a groan of annoyance but didn’t resist. He propped his elbow on the table and rested his chin on his hand, clearly trying to convey his displeasure.
“I’ll talk to him,” he conceded, getting up from his chair. Sherlock hurried away quietly before he could be caught eavesdropping and went upstairs to his lab. He had busied himself with some samples and a bunsen burner when there was the expected knock on the door.
After the pastries, they went to the Boston Common, and it was just then they realized what day it was - it was the fourth of July, and people were gearing up for a big celebration. People walked around with sparklers and flag-colored sunglasses while others set up fireworks. Music was playing loud, everything from Dirty Water to Sweet Caroline. It was as the song came on that Sherlock pulled John aside, away from Lestrade.
“Okay, Lestrade promises to stop being mean, is that fine?”
“Don’t worry about it,” said Sherlock. “I’m not mad. I just thought you should know, so you can treat your dog. If my dog were sick, I’d want to know about it.” Victor nodded.
“I’m going to have a chat with your teacher, then,” she said. “Nobody accuses my boy of cheating.” Sherlock shrank a little in his chair and his eyes widened. He did not want Mum to interfere. Then the kids would tease him more.
“We’re aware, yes. I don’t think it’s of any importance,” he dismissed. “How old are you?” Sherlock sighed.
They finished their meal, and once they’d paid the bill, they left for the rental house. It was now completely dark out, save for the lights of town and a smattering of houses. It was quiet and peaceful, just the two of them walking under the stars.
“Ow.”
“Dull.”
“Sounds like fun,” chimed Lestrade. Mycroft rolled his eyes.
“Ah yes.” The group was quiet for a moment.
“Not a problem, as long as he can sleep on my bed,” he said. “I have lots of time to play with him, too, so he’ll be out of your hair for the most part anyway.”
“What for?” asked Mum, mouth agape.
“You wouldn’t dare,” said Sherlock. Mummy rolled her eyes, exhausted.
“But I don’t like homework. I like Redbeard. I’d be responsible for him.” But it was no use. There was no convincing Daddy to let him have the dog. The next day, Sherlock relayed all this to Mr. Billings.
“Does it bother you?” asked the detective, tilting his head slightly. John felt his cheeks turning red again.
“Piece of cake, eh, John?” John chuckled.
“A little funny.” John kissed Sherlock’s chin in an attempt to soften him.
“Well, I should get going,” he said. “Thanks for the good time.” He had almost reached the door when he stopped and realized he still had on the makeup. “I guess I should wash this off, then.” He headed for the bathroom.
“Hey, John!” He said. “You excited?” A crash came from Sherlock’s room, causing both Greg and John to turn their heads.
“What about Dad?” he asked. Mum blinked.
NEW BELL YARD (8)
“Give them here,” Lestrade nearly begged. Molly handed over the bag.
THREE BARRELS WALK
“Don’t be silly, Sherlock. I’ve only been away for a few months. But I am an intern now, which will look excellent on my CV.” Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“So, Sherlock, what’s the plan for tomorrow?” John asked.
“His name is Ian something,” he said, turning on his heels. He hurried up to his room before his parents could say anything. He closed and locked his door and sat down on the bed. He tried to take deep breaths, but his breathing quickened and his heart beat fast. He put his head in his hands and laid down on the bed, facing the wall with his back to the door. As expected, there was a knock.
“Yes, I think we’re ready,” he said. Sherlock got into Greg’s car with John, while Molly and Mrs. H. got into Mycroft’s. Finally, after much anticipation, they set off for the beach.
“Tomorrow?”
“Why is he here? Why are you here?” he asked, turning from his parents to his brother.
Given the circumstances, John decided he could easily forgive Sherlock for worrying him.
“I’m working on a theoretical plan that could solve the traffic issue in London,” he said, a tad proudly. Sherlock started to play with the things in Mycroft’s room, running his hand along the books on the shelf and bouncing on the bed. He was just about to reach for a fragile glass decoration on top of the dresser when Mycroft thought of something. “I might have something you can do,” he said thoughtfully. He went to his closet and retrieved the abandoned violin that Uncle Rudy had gotten him so long ago.
“Oh, hurry up, there’s no fun in going slow!” Jim shouted happily as he nearly shoved Mycroft in. When he came into contact with the freezing water, he grimaced.
“Mikey, what’s the matter? You came home in a mood and have been up here all afternoon and evening! I didn’t want to bother you, but you haven’t eaten since Billy’s party and I had to intervene.” Mycroft sighed and traced an imaginary pattern on his blanket.
“It’s fine. You can sleep in the same bed as someone but not be gay, John.”
“Do you like the bumblebees, Sherlock?” Mycroft asked, crouching next to his brother. He always asked this, in the hopes Sherlock would pick up on the word. Sherlock had started babbling, but he never said anything remotely meaningful, and so the most Mycroft could coax out of him was a b-b-b. He was also getting better at picking things up, and he was interested in everything, so Mycroft had declared himself safety supervisor and was always around to take stuff out of Sherlock’s hands or mouth.
“Um, Sherlock, we’re waiting.” Sherlock turned from Moriarty to look at him.
“Really sorry about that, by the way,” he added. “I only just got Ace a month ago, and he still needs to be trained.”
“Gay,” spat Sherlock. “That’s not what I heard last night.”
“Um, better, thanks,” Sherlock said. Rarely did anyone ask how he was feeling.
RED LION
All during the morning classes, Sherlock’s mind was preoccupied by what had happened. He couldn’t sit still, and he was having trouble focusing on the lessons. Then again, he rarely paid attention anyway. But the fact that he was focusing on a fellow classmate was strange. When lunch came, he skipped it and headed to the library, where there were a few computers to use for research. He logged on and went to a new website called WebMD. You could type in your symptoms and it would tell you what was wrong. He entered his symptoms and waited for the results.
“Oh for goodness sakes, you’re at the beach.” Mrs. Hudson threw her hands up in frustration.
“But he was an experienced swimmer, why would he drown?”
“Hello, baby,” he said to him. “I’ve made you a card. This is you.” He pointed to the drawing. “We’re going to have so much fun together.” The baby looked at him lazily.
“Er, the lobster roll looks good. Thanks.”
“I don’t know, Sherlock,” he said after Sherlock had finished his argument. “It’s a lot of responsibility. And,” he continued, “I’m allergic, so the dog would have to be trained not to go on the furniture, and it would have to be outside a lot.” Sherlock nodded, taking the new information in stride.
In three years, Sherlock’s routine almost never varied. He was becoming a skilled violinist, and Redbeard was growing and as eager to play as ever. Sherlock was constantly improving and building on his observation skills and was making faster and more detailed deductions every day. Mycroft was growing more distant as he got older and more focused on university and finding a career, though he never failed to correct Sherlock when he made a mistake.
“Hospital?”
Over the course of the term, Sherlock became a regular smoker. Not only did it provide a distraction from Victor’s betrayal, it also stimulated his mind and aided him in problem-solving. And deep down, he even thought it made him look a bit cool. Despite all these benefits, however, Mum wouldn’t approve of it, so when it came time to pack to go home for the Christmas holiday, Sherlock decided to tuck the spare packs inside of a sock rolled up in a shoe. That should be safe enough. Once he had finished the exhausting ordeal of packing, he sat down for a smoke. His hands no longer shook when he lit the cigarette, and he was more than used to the toxic fumes.
“You can visit him on the weekends, and you can call him on the phone,” she offered.
BURY COURT
“Sherlock, how was school?” asked Mum.
"We need a runway," she answered at last. "Or a long rug," she added.
“Hello. My name is Sherlock Holmes. I have a question about the Carl Powers case,” said Sherlock, using his best grown-up voice. It wasn’t hard; he was very mature anyway.
“Mycroft!”
“That was really nice, Sherlock,” said Molly.
"Well, what does Connie say?" She replied, washing the practice makeup off her hand.
“Mrs. Hudson’s flirting with some geezer over there.” He waved his arm down the beach where, sure enough, Mrs. Hudson was chatting up an old man. “Molly just went down to the water a few minutes ago, and Mycroft’s right here.” Mycroft, surrounded by bounty from the snack bar, smiled at Sherlock but his eyes didn’t look so happy. He gave a small wave to his little brother.
John practically shoved the money in the cab driver’s face as he sprinted inside NSY. Ignoring the confused half-sentences from the detectives, he threw open the door to Lestrade’s office. The DI was nowhere to be seen, but on the desk was a note.
“I thought a surprise Halloween party would be fun,” said Sherlock. “I thought you’d be excited to have a case, and be pleasantly surprised to find food and merriment instead.”
Slowly but surely, John was making his way through the case, typing with his two index fingers. He could hear Mrs. Hudson downstairs cleaning, and the cars passing by on Baker Street. He was startled by the turn of the doorknob. In walked Sherlock, papers in hand. He seemed to be deep in thought as he approached the desk. He set down his papers and picked up another stack that had been left there.
blinking whenever he put a foot down.
The next day, Mycroft tried to strike up a conversation with the kid at the desk next to him. His name was Bill.
“What did he say?”
“Don’t I get a goodbye?”
“Sorry.” John tried to push him again but Jim succeeded first. The Baker Street boys crashed backwards into the water, splashing Jim and Mycroft, much to the latter’s disdain. John forgot to let go of Sherlock, however, until the detective started making strangled noises underwater. At last, he was allowed to come up for air.
“He pushed you.”
“Right. What is it?”
“Why?”
“When you’re gone, can I use your room?” Sherlock asked Mycroft as they lay on the latter’s bed. It was stripped of its sheets and the room was practically bare, so it wasn’t like Mycroft planned on using it for anything when he’d come home. Mycroft was there to think about his last day at home. Sherlock was there because he was bored.
“I know, but I just thought, since we know each other so well now, we might be on a nickname basis.” By now, Mycroft had regained his composure and had returned to his cool self. “Okay, you’re not on fire anymore. Good, that’s good. I’ll just call you Mike.” Moriarty walked away as unexpectedly as he had intervened. He lay on his back, floating on the water and occasionally paddling his hands so as not to go all the way back to the shore. He really was an enigma.
1 file attached
“John, you nearly drowned me. Let go next time.”
“Where? And when?” Billy took a deep breath.
“Right, then, let’s talk about this,” she said, waving at Sherlock and Dad. “Myron, why are you unhappy that Sherlock’s gay?” Dad shifted in his seat and looked at his feet.
“When did this start?”
“What for?” Sherlock asked.
“I’ll stay,” said Mrs. Hudson. “There’s a man over there who seems nice.”
“Mr. Holmes, you need a source of income.”
NEW COURT
“I was thinking, Sherlock, would you like to name one?” asked Mr. Billings. Sherlock nodded his head eagerly. Mr. Billings went over and picked up the runt of the litter. None of the puppies had opened their eyes, as that wouldn’t happen for another two weeks. “What do you think of this one?” he asked Sherlock.
“Says the guy who stabbed the Cluedo board to the wall.”
“Jesus, Sherlock… alright. I’ll call the clinic, let them know I’ll be out. And I guess we have to start packing… does Mrs. Hudson know?” Sherlock left the room while John rattled off everything that had to be done.
“We could just share.”
Well, we've reached the last chapter, folks. This is my longest fic yet, and I'm proud of how it turned out. A lot of love and consideration went into it, especially the later chapters. This wasn't originally going to be so long and it was originally just going to be Sherlock as a little kid, not his whole backstory. I hope you guys enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it.
“Okay, then, you can tip me if you like, but I don’t need a paycheck. And Sherlock is fine.” Lestrade was visibly confused. “My brother’s apparently arranged for a flat for me, so I don’t need to pay rent.” Lestrade nodded.
“Thanks, Sherlock,” said Molly in a rushed tone. Her cheeks reddened as she grabbed a bag.
The months passed and by May, Sherlock was walking around much more, and he was also much better at it. He was talking more and more, though he still didn’t know too many words. Mycroft had finished fourth year, and he and Billy had created over 100 issues of their comic. In July, he went over to his friend’s house for his birthday party. It was lots of fun, but the whole day, Billy was acting a little strange, almost as if he weren’t entirely happy.
“Why did nobody tell me about Redbeard?” he said harshly, jerking his head up suddenly to look them in the eye. Both parents looked down at their plates, ashamed.
“What?”
“Sure.” Lestrade smiled, relieved at the lack of argument.
“I don’t. And it’s easy not to. Caring provided me no benefit, so I don’t care anymore.”
“You didn’t hold yourself above it in the cab,” John said, still smiling widely.
That night, Mycroft slept in the guest bedroom. It was his last night at home, and he was eager to leave and pursue the challenge of running the country. Well. Not really. He couldn’t reveal that to be his intention if he was aiming for a small position. That would look suspicious. While Mycroft was pondering how to go about getting that position, Sherlock was thinking about how exciting it would be to be out of Mycroft’s shadow, and to have the run of the house.
“Let’s just go,” said John. “If he’s coming, he can just meet us there.”
“Well, you know how it is. I’ve been very busy with the internship,” he said. He hoped she’d be distracted by his successes. It worked, and her smile returned.
“Mummy, can Bill come over to play?”
Tel. 020-86803188
“Yeah, he’s in there. Where’s the freak?” John glared at her and stalked off to Lestrade’s office. He got to the door when he realized he was still clenching his fists. He relaxed, took a deep breath, and went into the room.
“Yeah, thanks for asking. And for being there that day. Thanks,” he said, but his tone was chilly.
“Bumbabee!” he cried. Everybody turned to each other. Sherlock didn’t talk two weeks ago. Mummy and Daddy looked incredibly surprised, but also amazed, as due to a massive stroke of luck, Daddy had been filming the cake and so caught the moment on camera. Mycroft was surprised too, but immediately burst into a grin as he realized his work had paid off. He had helped Sherlock learn the word. He ran over to give Sherlock a hug. “Bumbabee!” he squealed again.
“That’s wonderful, dear. Does your friend have a name?”
“John, I get the feeling you’re not comfortable with playing gay.”
"Oh, John, you look fabulous!" Mrs. Hudson cheered. John laughed. He was having much more fun than he had thought he would, though he didn't plan on admitting it. When he reached the end of the runway he paused, struck another pose, and turned and walked back to the bathroom door.
“Goodnight, Sherlock.”
“Got it. Now, what should we do for dinner?” Lestrade asked.
“Your dad had no right to say those things about you and your brother,” she said. Sherlock could tell she was angry with Dad. He shrugged and continued pushing his fork around the plate. “I mean that. And we’re going to have a proper talk about it tonight. As a family,” she said. Just as Sherlock was about to protest, he remembered Mycroft was coming home today. Great. Today just kept getting better.
“Please,” she added. Sherlock gave her a look that could only be described as a murderous glare.
“Why?”
“Um, whatever you want.” John went to the box and picked out a bottle of hot pink polish, while the inspector regretted his words. He applied the polish while Mrs. Hudson worked on Lestrade’s face. The two probably used every kind of make up they had. Lipstick, mascara, eye liner, eye shadow, rouge, foundation, not to mention the hair. They gelled and spiked it until it looked positively ridiculous, and put clips and pins in it wherever they wanted. They were no longer focusing on honing their makeover skills. This was pure mischief at its finest.
Redbeard and the violin became Sherlock’s only true sources of solace. He spent every day either in his room, in his lab, or at the farm. Redbeard was no longer a puppy, and instead of bounding along with limitless energy, he would usually trot faithfully alongside. Sometimes Sherlock would take him on long walks through the fields and down by the stream, or sometimes they’d lie in the sun, Sherlock resting his head on Redbeard’s belly. In the evenings, music drifted downstairs from Sherlock’s room. It was sad and tragic-sounding, slow and soft and at times loud and raging. Mycroft saw him once, when the door had been left open. Sherlock’s eyes were closed and he stood stock still as he played a mournful tune. Suddenly, with a big crescendo, he started moving quickly and forcefully, and the bow turned into a weapon. Sherlock never saw Mycroft standing there, and Mycroft never mentioned it.
“The game sounds as stupid as the name,” said Mycroft, rolling his eyes.
“All day I was experiencing symptoms that could indicate a serious problem.”
“John, what’s... I’m not going to… why?”
“Sally,” she answered.
“I went inside, and they thought my pirate lunchbox was really cool, and so I showed them my other pirate stuff, and they seemed nice. Then the teacher told us to sit down, so we did, and she was saying what our class would be like. And I started asking questions. She didn’t like that. So then the kids picked on me because the teacher obviously thought I was a weirdo.” Mycroft gave him a hug.
“Thanks, Greg. You’re a good friend.”
SCOTT’S LANE (7)
“No, Marie, listen. I don’t know if Sherlock’s responsible. He diligently practices the violin, yes, but what about his schoolwork?” Sherlock wasn’t so good at turning in his homework. He’d often leave it on his desk, or sometimes he wouldn’t even do it, choosing instead to do something interesting and stimulating. And when he did remember to do it and bring it in, kids often stole it and turned it in for themselves. So it was really only his fault two thirds of the time. He told his dad as much, but he just shook his head.
“So I guess that leaves us, Molly,” said Greg. Molly smiled. Then began the long process of mounting shoulders. For a group of three geniuses and three reasonably clever people, it took a surprisingly long time. First, they had to figure out who was mounting who. Sherlock jumped on John’s back, scrambling to climb up the shoulders. The two fell backwards into the water.
“Well, Molly had to use the restroom, and then Mrs. Hudson wanted coffee, and when we went to get the coffee, there were these doughnuts that just looked so good, so we got some of those as well.” John, lowering the phone a little, relayed this to Greg and Sherlock.
“Oh, okay.” They waded further in together, though from now on John stopped and waited when Sherlock saw something he wanted to add. “So what exactly are you going to study?”
“Alright,” he said, stifling a yawn. Mum saw through that instantly.
“How should we do rooms?” John asked, setting his suitcase on the floor. “There’s three of us and two rooms. Should someone take the couch?”
“What? It’s Greg… um… why are you not surprised at me?” John asked.
“We need to look like we are.” John sighed. He was quickly growing tired of this case. More than anything, he just wanted to be back at Baker Street. He rifled around in his suitcase for his bathing suit and went into the bathroom to change. He would not be undressing in the same room as Sherlock for most definitely the rest of his life.
Sherlock’s boxes made their new home in his residence, which was conveniently located near the lab. He decided it would be best to unpack his things. His chemistry set was regrettably left at home in favor of the campus facilities, so he started with throwing his sheets on the bed. He didn’t stop to make the bed, as he was content to sleep in a tangle of sheets. He put away his books and hung his clothes up in the closet, except for his pajamas, which he deposited on the bed with the mass of sheets.
“Did you get any for us?”
“I’m sorry, John. I just thought, since Halloween is supposed to be scary, it would be fun. I know you were looking forward to it, so I planned a surprise party for you and I got these guys in on it. We thought you’d enjoy it,” he said, downcast. “And I did tell you I was fine.” John’s hardened eyes softened, and he felt bad. Sherlock had worked really hard on this, and it had been exciting to go on a case by himself.
“Do you have a girl over? Or, um, do you always sleep like that?” asked Victor. Sherlock narrowed his eyes.
“Not so fast,” Mum said, smiling. Sherlock turned around to look at her.
“You don’t have to do anything special. We just say we’re a couple and that’s that.”
“That’s great, Sherlock. What is it?”
“I’m going to go to the water,” said Sherlock. “Would anyone care to join me?”
“We can’t all go,” said Sherlock. “Unguarded stuff at the beach is an invitation for theft.”
“What if he doesn’t want to understand? What if he just keeps hating me forever? A family meeting won’t fix that,” he said.
“Rub lotion on my back.”
“See you soon.”
“Tourist shop. I forgot to pack mine and they only had these hideous bright colors.” Sherlock complained. John laughed.
“Come on, Sherlock, tell us her name,” said Mum on their last evening before Mycroft came home for the Christmas holiday.
“I’m really sorry about that,” he told Sherlock. “But you’re welcome to visit him anytime, and I won’t let him get adopted by anyone else.” Sherlock nodded his head sadly and gave Redbeard a scratch behind the ears.
See you soon,
“You said breakfast was ready. So I’m having breakfast.”
“Yes, I’m sure.” The three finished their dinner, and, as Sherlock expected, he received no more questions about his day.
“I’ll think about it,” said Daddy.
Once the curtains had been laid on the ground, they decided who would walk first. Still giddy with the makeup, John volunteered. He went to the bathroom to change, as that was where their carpet started. He put on a white shirt and a black and white patterned suit, and wore shiny black shoes. After a once-over in the mirror, making sure his hair was neat, he opened the door and stepped on the runway, met with applause from Mrs. Hudson.
"John," she whispered. "We could give Greg a makeover." John chuckled.
“I could help the police.”
“Wow, John, that’s the funniest thing I’ve heard all day,” Sherlock said without changing his expression in the slightest. John scowled.
“It’s nothing,” she said. The five remaining headed down the beach to the waves. Mycroft scowled the entire time, but Sherlock kept shooting him smug faces. As they were about to walk through the wet part of the sand, a familiar voice to their left called out.
“Hello, Sherlock,” he said to the toddler when he walked inside. Sherlock waved and smiled, happy to see his brother for once. Mycroft patted him on the head. In that moment, he decided he’d never go away like that again. For that to happen, he had to shield himself off from the rest of the world, so he couldn’t be sad like that again. He found it surprisingly easy to switch off that part of him. In fact, not caring was so much easier than caring. It was almost as if Mycroft really didn’t care about anything but Sherlock.
“So, brother dear, how have you been?” Mycroft said in an attempt at conversation. Sherlock’s smirk faded.
“What?”
The waitress brought their meals, and the boys ate in mostly silence. Sherlock was focused on the case, and John simply didn’t know what to say.
John kicked the table, then held his throbbing foot as he pondered the loss of everyone close to him. He was about to scream when his computer chimed. He had an email. The sender was unknown, and the message read:
“I will.” Molly had calmed down and looked as though nothing had happened; in fact, she was smiling. It was nice to have friends. Meanwhile, John had lost the breathing competition. He surfaced, sputtering. When he saw that he had lost, he groaned, rolled his eyes, and kicked the shadow under the water. Sherlock came up looking very confused.
“What a coincidence we’re both here, right, Sherlock?” He asked, patting him on the shoulder as if they were friends.
“Yes.”
Sherlock was considering getting out of bed one day when there was a knock on the door. He got up, wrapped the sheet round himself and went to answer it. He opened the door to find Victor standing there, out of breath. He had clearly run all the way from his residence.
“Myron, don’t we have photos of that?” asked Mrs. Holmes.
All December long, Musgrave Hall was filled with cheer and excitement for the coming holidays. Mycroft and Mummy decorated the house, and Sherlock helped (if you can call chewing on the garland helping). They made lots of sugary treats, and Mycroft got to ice the biscuits.
“Neither do you.”
“Lovely chatting with you,” he called over his shoulder.
“Go where?”
“Erm, yeah. Where is he?” John answered.
“Experiments.”
“Out,” Sherlock answered. John sighed and picked up the curry menu. He ordered for the both of them in case Sherlock returned, though he didn’t count on it. After dinner, he decided to text him.
“Okay, what about you, John?” Sherlock looked over at him. John sighed and put down his book.
“You don’t care.”
“Just say what you said last night, Dad. Or don’t. I already know,” said Sherlock. Dad sighed.
John glared at the computer. Sherlock had left with hardly a word and now he was leaving him with a case. Well. John was going to show him. He was going to solve that case as soon as he could. He opened the attached file to see eight numbered pictures of crowded streets. The left-hand traffic indicated they must all be in London, though John couldn’t figure anything else out just yet. He thought it best to look at it again with fresh eyes after some rest.
“Eating only slows me down.” Victor nodded the way one does when hearing the same answer to the same question a thousand times.
“You were supposed to get dressed before breakfast. What have you been doing?”
“Goodbye.” John returned his phone to his bag.
“Hey, Sherlock, I don’t know if you’re hungry but I brought you some lunch.” He looked at angry Sherlock with the crab in his hands and sheepish Lestrade, filled in the blanks, and smiled. The smile disappeared the minute Sherlock turned to face him, however. “Sherlock, what’s happened?”
“Oh, um, actually, Jim, I-” Sherlock began. Moriarty shushed him. Sherlock looked over at John disappointedly, begging him to intervene and ask to be partners. John picked up on this.
GUNPOWDER
NEW BELL YARD
“You guys are always hungry,” said Sherlock. “Why must you always be eating? You don’t want to end up like Mycroft.” John rolled his eyes and headed for the snack bar as he heard a noise of protestation from the government official.
“I didn’t know at first. I was only trying to protect you.” Sherlock scoffed.
“What is it, dear?” she asked gently.
“How’d you remember I like chips?” John stammered.
“I’m looking at the smoke produced by overexposing these substances to heat,” he said smoothly. And that was true. He would be observing the smoke.
“Right.”
“Yes, I think so,” he said, looking out the window towards the farm. Mum started the car, and they began the drive to Cambridge.
“Oh, god, I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean for it to happen-”
“Oh, hello, John.”
Hang on. If Sherlock called Greg the wrong name, maybe other people did, too. John went back over to the desk where his puzzle remained. Bury Three Barrels (of) Gunpowder. Red Lion Court. George (Greg), New Scott’s Yard. Now it was making more sense. John would go to NSY and ask Lestrade if the first part of the sentence meant anything to him. But first, he’d finish his soup.
“...Sherlock, why don’t you tell us the answer?” said the teacher suddenly. Sherlock was almost never called on anymore, so this surprised him. He tried to figure out what the question was. On the board was a map of pre-WWI Europe and a list of some of the general causes of the war. He supposed he had to say one of the missing ones.
“You got it.” He walked over to a young woman in a sleek dress enjoying a pint. “Hello,” he said to her. “What’s your name?”
At six, all the guests went home, and the Holmes family spent the evening playing with Sherlock, reading the new book to him, and trying to get him to say more words. Unfortunately, bumblebee was the only word he’d say for a while. The rest of January passed with little mention, except for the last week. Sherlock finally expanded his vocabulary, learning “Mikey”, “Mama”, “Dada”, “no”, and “why” in quick succession and in that order, though the frequency of the words left something to be desired.
“We’ll take a look at these and see if there’s anything interesting in them,” he said to John. “Let me know what’s on that drive.” John nodded his head and went back to Baker Street. Mrs. Hudson came upstairs after him and he recounted to her the events of his day. She made them both some tea while John plugged the drive into his laptop. On the drive was an image of a desk. A very familiar desk.
“Victor, you never call so early in the morning. What is it?” asked Sherlock, stifling a yawn.
“How was your day at school, Mikey?” asked his dad.
“I told you, Sherlock,” said Mycroft. “Now, let me see your arm.” Sherlock pulled it away before a look from his brother made him do otherwise. Mycroft rolled up the sleeve to find a dark bruise. “Who did this to you?”
“Oh, hello, Mikey. How was school?” asked Mummy. Mycroft grinned.
“Why don’t you get some sleep,” she said. “You’ll feel a little better in the morning.” Mycroft barely slept that night, and instead tossed and turned the whole time.
“Because they’re all bitter and so’s the coffee,” said Sherlock absentmindedly. Mycroft chuckled.
“I don’t understand.”
One day in July 1990, Sherlock was on his way to the farm when the farmer, Mr. Billings, came running down the path to meet him.
“Right. Well, Jim,” he said. “See you around.” The group had barely taken a step towards their destination when he called out.
It was low tide, and there were murky puddles of water everywhere as John and Sherlock made their way down the beach to the water. Sherlock was carrying a medium-sized bucket. When they were near the shore, he lowered himself to the ground and started scooping the wet sand into it so that it lined the bottom. He then started filling it with water. He stood back up and the boys waded into the chilly surf. John jumped and pulled back his feet from the cold water at first but soon got used to it. Every now and then, Sherlock would bend down and pick something up and put it in his bucket. John was a few feet ahead of Sherlock when he realized the detective wasn’t right next to him.
“It matters to us,” said Mum. Dad nodded.
“Oh, um, because the Industrial Revolution led to more powerful weapons and a faster rate of production,” he said quickly. He did not like being wrong, especially not in public, and, he thought, in front of this strange boy. Why did he care so much what the boy thought? Sherlock didn’t know. Luckily for Sherlock, he wasn’t called on for the rest of the day, and was free to be confused in peace. When he got home, he went straight to the sitting room to find Mum.
“Yes,” said Mycroft in a very small voice. He cleared his throat. “But I was twelve. Based on the fact that I did not need to feel emotions, I assumed my genetically similar brother did not, either. Hardly something you’d expect a child to question.”
“It’s not my fault there aren’t any good cases.”
“Okay, Lestrade, you’ll look for clues while John and I meet the locals.”
Sherlock turned three in January, and was now talking in small sentences. Mycroft was glad because it was getting easier and easier to communicate with Sherlock and it took less effort on his part. Sherlock was also expressing an increasing interest in pirates. He wore his costume a lot and had taken to saying “arrgh” and “aye-aye” in response to some questions. In the fall, Mycroft began sixth year, his last year of primary school. He was eager to finish and move on to something more challenging.
“Sorry,” said Sherlock in a tone that was definitely not sorry. The Holmes brothers turned around and made the second trip to town. When they finally got home a little later than expected, Mummy chastised them only for taking so long, and didn’t realize that they could’ve (and did) spoiled their appetites. Mycroft turned to Sherlock and gave him the kind of smile that happens when two people are in on a very amusing, and slightly scandalous, secret.
“Sherlock, that’s-”
“We’re going on six months. That’s why we took a trip.”
“It’s not like I’ve fallen in love with anyone or anything like that. So technically, I’m not showing emotions.” Mycroft nodded, still confused.
“Bzz, bzz,” said Mycroft as Sherlock sat upright on the floor. Sherlock had started to do that a few weeks ago, which was great, because now they could play wherever they wanted without having to prop Sherlock up. Sherlock grinned, white nubs of teeth visible just above his gums. His hair was getting longer and darker. He clapped his hands together excitedly. “Bzzzz!” Sherlock squealed and giggled.
Nothing to worry about, John. New case. Should be quick. No food for me, thanks, so  don’t bother leaving it out. Be home soon. SH
“I should probably warn you, Greg, the doughnuts-”
Red lIon lot
“Actually, I got an email from him last night.” Lestrade’s eyebrows shifted up and he leaned forward, jolted into alertness by the update.
“No,” answered Sherlock, his face returning to its usual stoic stare. “They did not.”
“I will not have my son be some childless dandy,” he said angrily.
“Great.” Sherlock turned to John.
“Bring him over, then,” she approved. Sherlock waved to Victor, who held out his hand for Sally to shake.
“Dear GOD SHERLOCK YOU SCARED THE F-”
“Figure it out,” replied Mycroft with a smile. The two brothers walked for what to Sherlock seemed ages to get to town.
The rest of Sherlock’s life wasn't so simple. His relationship with his dad had become strained since that horrible meeting, and his mum was caught in the middle. His parents had started fighting more, and it was usually about him. He’d overhear Mum yelling about how Dad was being unfair and how he should accept his son and show him some love. Dad would argue that homosexuality wasn’t necessarily bad, but it was still weird, and Sherlock was being petty and overdramatic in refusing to hear him out, so why should he even bother to reach out? When Mycroft was at home, he’d give Sherlock strange, searching looks, as if confused about something, though Sherlock didn’t know what that could be.
“What do you mean?” His dad gave him a quizzical look.
“Sure.” John enjoyed teasing him.
“Sherlock, did you just walk?” The younger one blinked, still smiling. “Mummy! Daddy! Come here! Sherlock can walk!” The Holmes parents rushed in, but by that point, Sherlock had dropped back down to the ground in a crawling position. “Sherlock, no, show Mummy and Daddy your walking.”
“Mycroft, it’s so wonderful to see you! We’ve missed you so much!” gushed Mum. “Why do you never call?” Her smiles and excitement turned to a warning look.
Sherlock spent the rest of the holiday waiting for it to be over. After enduring a visit from Mycroft on Christmas Day, he could stand it no longer and left to go back to Cambridge early. He spent New Year’s alone in his residence, smoking and thinking. Somehow over the holiday, word had got out, presumably from Victor. It was no secret that Sherlock was gay. When he walked by, people whispered to each other about him. Awful, horrible notes were passed, both to him and behind his back. Some boys even threw things at him while the professor wasn’t looking.
"Oh, come on, John," she pleaded. "You can clean it off to go out, but no one will see it here." John sighed and placed his hands back on the table.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s enough, boys,” she said. The brothers turned back to their food silently. Sherlock wondered what it would be like to have a brother in the government. Maybe he’d get free stuff. Or maybe Mycroft could order Daddy to let him have Redbeard. Mycroft probably wouldn’t do that, though, would he? He didn’t care about anything except power.
“Look, kid, we appreciate your interest, but we’ve got it under control. Carl simply drowned, that’s all.”
“What is a chicken fight?” asked Mycroft. He did not enjoy not knowing something.
After Christmas, Mummy and Daddy almost immediately started planning Sherlock’s first birthday party. They were very excited about it and so was Mycroft. On the invite list were Uncle Rudy, Billy, Grandma and Granddad (Grandmother and Grandfather were busy), and various friends of Mummy and Daddy. Mycroft would be in charge of making the cake, since he had done so well with helping make the Christmas treats.
“Come in,” said Sherlock. Dad walked in and went to stand behind him, looking over his shoulder.
“Then crouch lower so I can get up easier.” Sherlock obeyed and John reached his shoulders. He stood up a bit too quickly, though, and before John had secured his position.
Sitting there, in a designer swimsuit and sunglasses, feet totally buried in the mound of sand at his feet, was none other than Jim Moriarty. He was smiling innocently, though everyone there knew he was anything but. He stood up and shook off his sand-covered feet before striding over to where the party was standing in shock.
“No, I know it wasn’t, but you’re the one on the phone. Tell Molly and Mrs. Hudson I say thank you.”
“Eight ideas.” John chuckled as Sherlock resumed his investigation.
“Sherlock, wait!” John toppled backwards into the water, pulling Sherlock down with him. They had to repeat this process a few times before they were ready to go. Meanwhile, Jim was attempting to climb on Mycroft. He was pretty agile, but Mycroft kept squirming at the physical contact, making it very difficult for Jim to keep hold on him.
Christmas dinner, apart from the constant manners-minding and portion-control from Grandmother and Grandfather, was quite enjoyable. Daddy had made roast beef and potatoes with various vegetables and other sides. Mycroft thought the rolls in particular were scrumptious. Sherlock had to have everything cut up into tiny pieces for him to eat, but he seemed to enjoy the food. Both boys went to bed that night feeling very full, and very happy.
“Probably hoping we’ll leave without him,” said Sherlock. The group sat waiting until they could stand it no longer.
“Oh, thanks, Mycroft.”
“What happens when you burn it?” Sherlock put it on the burner. Just as he expected, nothing really happened. He struck a match and held it directly to the soil, and it started to smoke a bit, but all in all, it was pretty dull.
“I’ll leave you to it, then,” Lestrade said, turning to go take care of other matters.
“Perfectly reasonable? I’m kidnapping hermit crabs, it’s only fair that I give them a suitable environment.”
“How?”
“Care to dance?” he asked, seeming very nervous. John hesitated.
“Can you pass me that Erlenmeyer flask?” Victor handed over the flask. Sherlock filled it with a clear liquid from one of the test tubes, then tipped some soil in from a tupperware container (that was where he’d gotten the sample for the slide, too). The liquid fizzed and bubbled.
“Yes, I’ve got them right here,” she said.
“Speaking of freezing, let me under the blankets.” Sherlock shifted over and pulled the side of the blanket up. John moved underneath and Sherlock pulled the warm afghan back down around them. His head poked out completely, curls splayed on the pillow, but John’s was only half visible. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, who used one arm as a cushion for John’s head. He wrapped the other around John’s waist and pulled him closer. He made a quiet humming sound of contentment. Sentiment wasn’t half bad, sometimes. He heard John say something about a bumblebee as he drifted off to sleep, still humming.
“Boo!” yelled the shapes. After letting his eyes adjust, John saw that it was his friends on the catwalk. Molly was dressed as a cat, Lestrade, dressed in prison garb, was a bit fixated on Molly’s costume, and Sherlock was in his Smaug costume. “Happy Halloween, John,” added Sherlock, walking down the stairs and approaching John. The others descended, too.
“No it isn’t,” retorted Lestrade. John picked up his phone from where he’d left it on his chair earlier, checked the time, and saw that it was afternoon.
“Yes, bumblebee,” said Mycroft, smiling. “Good job, Sherlock.” Everybody cheered for Sherlock and clapped, causing the excited boy to keep saying the word. He soon got tired of pleasing the masses, however, and turned his attention to the dessert he was desperate to eat. The masterpiece cake was sliced up and parceled out to all the guests, and when Sherlock got his piece, he immediately started mashing it into his mouth, picking it up in his tiny fists. Everybody laughed, and Mummy came over to wipe Sherlock’s mouth, which was now coated in crumbs. Mycroft received many compliments on his baking, and the atmosphere was light and carefree.
“Sherlock, it’s Mum. May I come in?” she asked softly. Sherlock said nothing. “Sherlock, please, let me in,” she said, still using a gentle tone. Sherlock got up to unlock the door, and his mum opened it and came inside. Before Sherlock could go back to his bed, she gave him a hug. Sherlock was still silent.
“He said I was just playing with them.” Sherlock said, pouting.
“What are you working on?” he asked. Truth be told, Sherlock had really just wanted to burn things.
November passed in an ordinary fashion, and Mycroft was as happy as a child could be. He had all he needed or wanted. Sherlock could now walk while holding onto furniture, though he had yet to walk independently. A couple of times he had tried to climb out of his crib, though he never got very far before someone realized and ran in to stop him. He only ate when Mummy offered food; he never sought it on his own. It was getting more tiring to look after him when he seemed intent on getting into and onto everything, but at least he wasn’t crying nonstop. Mycroft did not remember as fondly the first two months of his brother’s life.
“I’ll just call Mycroft, find out where they are,” said John. The first ring went unanswered, but he picked up on the second.
“Now you can draw everything you see in London,” said Mycroft.
“Hello,” he said meekly. “How’s the leg?” Sherlock forced a smile.
One evening in March, the Holmes family was seated around the dinner table, Sherlock in a cradle in the next room.
“...I went back to bed.” John pinched the bridge of his nose. “Okay, I’m finished. Should I go get dressed now?” Sherlock’s plate was barely touched. Only the egg was completely finished, as there were still chips and ham on it. Sherlock had eaten the important parts though, so John had no choice but to excuse him as he continued to work on his beans.
“Of course,” he said. Why of course? He almost never said of course to anyone when they asked him to do something. “Just, um, let me get dressed,” he said, suddenly remembering the sheet.
“We’re moving,” he said glumly. All of the air disappeared from Mycroft’s lungs and he could barely get his next words out.
RED LION COURT (4)
“Mikey, is this true?” asked Mrs. Holmes, a horrified expression on her face. Mycroft was not in the position to correct her on his name, and continued to stare guiltily at his shoes. “I’m disappointed in you. You told your little brother to stop feeling emotions?”
“Are you, er…” Sherlock turned his head and looked at him quizzically.
“So why don’t you go?” He said, looking up again. Too late. Sherlock had left the room. John followed him back to where Greg and Molly were still talking, though they had now been joined by Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock had taken up residence on the couch.
“He still shouldn’t have done this to you,” Mycroft said, and Sherlock could’ve sworn there was anger in his voice, but Mycroft never showed emotion. Mycroft took a deep breath. “Come on, Sherlock.” He stood up and grabbed his coat.
“Well, er- I guess.” He paused. “I assume you have a reason for doing that?”
Sherlock was not initially good at the violin. He had trouble getting his small hands to go in the right position, and the violin was tiring to hold for a long time. He practiced every day, however. By no means did his skill come naturally, which both surprised and pleased Sherlock. He liked having a challenge, and this was an excellent one. Much more stimulating than the trifling deductions he made at school. His parents and brother enjoyed listening to him play in the evenings, and (with a little convincing) at Mummy and Daddy’s parties. Mycroft was proud of Sherlock. He respected his ability to stick with things, which he had always lacked.
“Yes, we did, don’t worry,” Mycroft reassured him.
“Tell us her name,” Mum implored. Sherlock rolled his eyes to distract from the insane flipping in his stomach. He didn’t want this crush. He didn’t want to feel this way. And he certainly did not want to feel it towards a guy. As if he weren’t bullied enough already at school. As if he weren’t strange enough. And even though he acted like he didn’t care, even though he built up so many walls and repressed so many emotions to avoid facing reality, it hurt. It all hurt so much. But there was no use in putting it off any longer. Best to tell them now. At least then he wouldn’t be keeping a secret.
“It’s a possibility,” he surmised. “What did he look like?”
So on the first day of school, he said nothing when Sherlock came downstairs with his backpack crammed full of books and cool things to show to the other kids. He said nothing when he ate his breakfast in record time. He said nothing when Sherlock put on his giant rubber boots (they were lucky) that didn’t match the outfit Mycroft had strategically set out for him. He just smiled and kept his sadness to himself. Sherlock was a little weird, but he’d be fine. Most kids were enthusiastic about their interests at that age, and pirates wasn’t the worst one you could have.
“Sherlock, you did it! Amazing!” cried Mummy, while Daddy looked frantically for the camera. Sherlock looked rather confused as to why he was being cheered, but smiled anyway. Mycroft gave him a hug and a pat on the head.
“Eleven, so far. But I’ll know more when we get there.”
“Mycroft, what are you doing? I’m bored,” he stated unnecessarily, walking in uninvited.
“Sally! Um, you didn’t happen to hear that, did you?” asked Victor nervously, elbowing Sherlock in the ribs, much to the latter’s outrage. Sally sighed.
“Me neither. I just wanted to try it,” agreed Mycroft. “I wonder why grown-ups like it so much.”
“I’m going to put them in my hand and see if they crawl around, and observe how they interact with each other,” Sherlock explained.
“Because it’s boring and it doesn’t matter.”
“Yes.”
Great. Another puzzle. Just what he needed. He examined the paper closely. It smelled like coffee and aftershave. The ink was slightly smeared in some places. It must have been written by Lestrade in a hurry. But what was the message? He looked at the numbers. The alphabet has 26 letters, and this note only had numbers up to 25. Then again, the odds are not all the letters were used. What numbers correspond to what letters? John decided to try the simplest approach of a = 1, b = 2, all the way down to z. That would explain the lack of a 26. John turned out to be right, and the deciphered message read:
“Well, I was the one who bought them anyway,” said Mycroft. “We can buy more later.”
“Where in New England?”
“Sherlock,” said Mrs. Holmes with a warning tone. He sighed.
“Don’t mention it.” John went back to reading his book.
At four in the afternoon on Halloween, Billy showed up in his costume. He and Mycroft were very excited to go trick-or-treating. Mummy had dressed Sherlock in a bee costume, and he was excitedly making buzzing noises. After enduring several pictures from dad, the two superheroes, accompanied by one bee and two parents, ventured out to get their candy. They ended up with a sizable haul, and Mycroft realized that if he rationed it, he could make it last until Christmas.
He returned to Musgrave Hall to say goodbye to his dad. Even though they hadn’t spoken in months, Mum wouldn’t leave until Sherlock said goodbye. He found his dad in the sitting room, looking at the open pages of a book but not really reading it. He looked up as soon as Sherlock walked in, but didn’t say anything. They stared at each other for a few minutes, each not daring to speak first. Finally Sherlock cleared his throat.
Sherlock Holmes
“I don’t hate you. Never have. I’ve always loved you, Sherlock.” He shifted on his feet.
"You certainly are prepared, Mrs. Hudson, I'll give you that," he chuckled, recovering from the nail polish. "It looks like you stole a whole beauty salon." Mrs. Hudson swatted his arm, laughing.
“Yeah, we could,” said Billy. “But you’ll make new friends, and I’ll make new friends, and suddenly we won’t be friends anymore. That’s what happens to everyone.” Mycroft shook his head.
Over an hour later, the criminal had been apprehended and the necessary paperwork filled out. John and Sherlock were finally on their way back to Baker Street, and John was currently trying to warm up in the back of the cab. He rubbed his hands together and stuffed them in his pockets. Finally giving in, he sighed and looked over at Sherlock, inviting him over. Sherlock quickly wrapped his arms around John and buried his curls into the nape of John’s neck. They may have been dating, but John had never been prone to public displays of affection with anyone. He was willing to make an exception this time, however, because he was freezing. Sherlock, on the other hand, was surprisingly cuddly. He enveloped John in his limbs, radiating heat. He removed his coat and wrapped it so it would cover John. Both Sherlock and the coat were very warm, and John was surrounded.
“Just wipe it off with a towel.” Sherlock’s eyes widened as he realized how simple it was.
The next few days were dull, but at least they were safe. They passed the time playing chess, talking to each other, reading, writing, cleaning. They did every possible thing to do, and were still bored. Neither of them made any move to go anywhere, however, until they ran out of food. John came out of the shower to find a note on his desk. It said:
“Thank you for your assistance,” said Mycroft, rolling his eyes. He sat down on his chair. “This sand really does get in all the nooks and crannies, doesn’t it?” he said, pulling off one of his leather dress shoes, turning it upside-down and swiftly patting the bottom. He was still in his fancy government clothes.
“Mycroft told me you wanted to be a pirate.”
"Of course you're like me. We're brothers."
“Okay, Mummy.” They sat in silence for a little bit, Mycroft focusing on his potatoes.
“Have you made any friends yet, Mikey?” his dad asked. Mycroft looked up from his plate.
“Bye, everyone!” said Moriarty. “Parting is such sweet… what was it? Nevermind. Parting isn’t sweet anyway. Wait up, Sebastian!” Everyone was tired and ready to leave. And they did.
Sherlock’s situation, while stable, grew bleaker and bleaker. At some point (he couldn’t remember when), he was tempted to try a little bit of the stuff he was mixing. Cocaine. He knew it would give him more energy, which seemed interesting. It was a powder, but he didn’t like the idea of sniffing it, so he stirred it into some water and put the solution into a syringe. He jabbed the needle into his upper arm and waited for it to kick in.
“Can I see it then, if it’s so unimportant?” Sherlock shifted uncomfortably and reluctantly took his hands away. John reached under the blankets and pulled out a small framed picture. A small boy with curly hair in a pirate costume was running around on a beach, and an older, chubbier boy was standing to the side smiling. The younger boy was holding a sword and what looked like a map. He was laughing.
“Sherlock, get up!” John came into Sherlock’s room and opened the curtains wide. The light came streaming in through the window, causing him to groan and turn over. He pulled the blankets tighter around his shoulders and mashed his face into the pillow. “Sherlock, you have to get up. We’re going to the beach, remember?” Sherlock turned his head slightly so one eye could be seen while the other was still buried in the pillow.
“What’s the name of my position?”
“Good idea, Greg,” said John. “Come on, Sherlock, we’re moving.” Sherlock, not looking up from his phone, followed the others down to the sand. They ended up picking a spot near enough to the water, but not so near that they’d have to keep moving their stuff so it wouldn’t get soaked. Lestrade put up the umbrella while John set out the chairs and towels. “Thanks for all your help, Sherlock,” said John. Sherlock, still on his phone and now browsing Twitter, set it down once John called him out. Once they’d gotten their stuff arranged, they began to settle in. John picked up his book, Lestrade closed his eyes and laid in the sun, and Sherlock went off somewhere down the beach, though John couldn’t see exactly where he’d gone.
“Victor, I just want to say again, I’m really sorry about your father,” Sherlock said. Victor nodded.
“Sure, we can be friends,” Sherlock said, partially just to quiet Victor.
“May I please be excused?” he asked, trying to maintain a calm voice and nearly failing.
“Me? What - no, I’m - I’m totally cool with it.”
“I see.”
“It wasn’t my idea.”
“Maybe boring’s what you need, though,” John said. “Nice, quiet life.” Mrs. Hudson made a sour face and shook her head.
“Hello, Sherlock. How was school?” asked the elder brother. Sherlock kept his gaze on the article.
“Everyone benefits from it, I don’t see the issue here.” Mummy sighed.
“He was pretty tall. He had a beard, though I suppose that wouldn’t help if you haven’t seen him since he was nine. He had light brown hair and blueish eyes.”
“What even is- oh, come on, really?” he muttered as he picked up Sherlock’s violin case and set it on the sleek black chair. Toe throbbing, he sat down at his workplace and opened up his laptop. The harsh, bright screen hurt his eyes and he shut them immediately. He noticed his inbox was bursting with emails, as was Sherlock’s, though the latter was usually the case and no cause for concern. He scrolled down, deleting his junk mail one by one, and marking possible clients for later. One email, however, immediately caught his eye.
“I suppose so.”
“This morning?”
“Don’t be long,” answered Mum. “Dinner’s almost ready.” Sherlock nodded and continued on his way, lighting a cigarette as he went. He headed down the familiar path to Mr. Billings’ farm, walking quickly with an air of suppressed excitement. He hadn’t seen Redbeard since the summer holiday had ended, and he was desperate to see him again. It had been a long day. Before he reached the farm, he put out the cig and stamped it under his heels. No need to smoke around Redbeard. He jogged up to the door of the house and knocked. Mr. Billings opened the door and smiled widely.
“I don’t know, do you want to order in?” He went back to pacing around the room. John rolled his eyes, groaned, and got out of his chair. He walked to the kitchen and took out their stash of take-out menus. Meanwhile, the music of Sherlock’s violin was drifting in from the sitting room.
Now that Sherlock could crawl, he and Mycroft could go almost anywhere. One sunny day in August (on which, somewhere in Aldershot, a little boy named John was celebrating his second birthday), Mycroft decided they should play in the garden. He put Sherlock’s little rubber boots on and carried him out to the grassy play area surrounded by vibrant flowers. He set the baby down to explore. As always, Sherlock was immediately drawn to the bright colors of the flowers. He crawled over and started grabbing them with his hands, pulling them closer to his eyes. He made his way over to the mint plant, which was surrounded by bees. Sherlock watched them, captivated by the buzzing.
Not having Mycroft around was fun for about a week. The lack of another child to attend to made Mum and Dad smother him, and all the attention was exhausting. Not to mention, he kept being asked what he did at school and what he’d learned and all that. Not that they hadn’t asked him that before, but usually he could just say “fine” and they’d move on to Mycroft, who had a more interesting academic life. Alas, Mycroft was gone, and now Sherlock was the focus of the dinner table conversation.
“I s’pose I’ll try it,” he said, thankful for the distraction. He left Mycroft to work on his (dull) traffic idea. A few minutes later, harsh, off-key plucking came from the direction of Sherlock’s room. Mycroft sighed. Hopefully Sherlock would get better at it.
Sherlock’s excellent tactics combined with Molly’s strength meant a sure win for the two friends. The gang played a few more rounds with various teams (but in the end just reverted back to their original ones) before realizing how late it was. The sun was low in the sky when they walked back up the beach to where Mrs. Hudson was waiting.
SCOTT’S LANE
“His name is Bill Wiggins, and we both like superheroes.”
“Have fun?”
“Hello?” he called, trying to keep his voice level as he walked down a long corridor. “Anyone there? Sherlock? Greg? Molly? Are you guys here? Are you safe?” He kept walking, gun in front of him, ready to fire. At last he came to an open space. He could dimly make out shapes on the catwalk above, staying stock-still. He pointed the gun to the ceiling, and fired a few warning shots. “I’m armed, so you better answer me. Where are my friends?” He was getting angry now. Just as he was about to shoot one of the shapes, the lights flashed on.
“Sherlock, you just proved my statement. You forget to do it, or forget to turn it in. That isn’t responsible.”
Sherlock became acquainted with the guy who had thrown him the blanket. He was in charge of the place. His name was Arthur, and he agreed to let Sherlock stay and to provide him with food, but in return, Sherlock was going to have to do some favors. The first favor was as a sniffer dog. He had to examine everyone who came in the door and make sure they didn’t bring anything seriously illegal. The second was as a watch for police, to make sure they didn’t come in. The third? Sherlock was now in charge of mixing and administering drugs. He was relatively sober and so was the most capable in the joint.
“Thank you, sir,” John said, giggling. He took the plate and eagerly began to eat.
The next day (after a few hours of sleep) he set right to work. He began by trying to figure out where each of the pictures were. Using maps and the internet he managed to come up with this list, numbering each name with the photo it was in:
“We’re on our way, we’ll be there in, oh, fifteen minutes?”
“The teacher thought I cheated on the homework again,” he said idly. Mum shook her head and furrowed her brows.
He threw open the door to find two giant rubber boots visible under the door of one of the stalls. His heart sank as he knocked on the stall door.
"Now, pay attention everyone, we're going to do her eyeliner!" The screen flashed to a close-up of a woman's eyes being done.
“Come in,” answered Sherlock. John opened the door to find Sherlock in his swimsuit, ready to leave. He was wearing black swim shorts and a matching swim shirt. He was sitting on his bed, perfectly calm, staring up at John.
“Thank you,” said John. “It’s great to meet you, too.” He could’ve sworn he heard Sherlock mutter “dull”, but he chose to ignore it.
“But you don’t care about anything,” said Sherlock.
One cold night, Sherlock was looking for someplace that might keep him somewhat warm when he happened upon a crack den. He’d never been in such a place before, but unable to find anywhere else, he gave it a try.
"We do do the makeovers," John said. "You've completely changed your wardrobe since we've started watching her, and I've picked up a few new items myself."
“Sherlock, what are you doing?” John turned around and waded back to where he was standing. Sherlock held his bucket out so John could peer inside. He had turned the inside of the bucket into a mini ecosystem, into which he had put rocks, shells, and pieces of seaweed, and it was hosting several hermit crabs. John let out a little gasp.
Victor was also useful as a lab assistant. Whether Sherlock was experimenting in the residence kitchen or the campus labs, he always made sure Victor was available to help. He knew what Sherlock needed, when he needed it, and he didn’t ask stupid questions. The first few times Sherlock brought him along, however, things didn’t run as smoothly.
“No, although if you want to later, we can.” Sherlock furrowed his brows, trying to think of where else they could be going. Just then, however, Mycroft pulled him left into one of the shops. It was the ice cream parlour. Sherlock had only been here a few times with Mummy when he was really little. It was a nice establishment. There were booths all along the left-side wall, and the case with all the ice cream ran along the right hand side, and a large blackboard on the back wall with the different flavors and toppings written on it. There were so many of them, Sherlock found it hard to choose just one.
John H. Watson. If you want your friends back, come to the abandoned warehouse tomorrow at 7:00 p.m. Come alone, wear a disguise, and tell no one.
On his last day with Billy, Mycroft brought over a present for him to take to London. It was a set of colored pencils, and it came with a hundred different shades. There was also a big sketchbook.
Almost a year later, Mycroft had packed the last of his belongings and was ready to leave for university. Mummy was very emotional and Daddy had the camera out again, snapping pictures of what he said was “the last moments of Mycroft’s childhood”, or something to that effect. Sherlock thought it was dull. Mycroft was rarely around anyway, so him being gone full-time wouldn’t have much of an impact on Sherlock other than the benefit of not being corrected all the time.
John went to find Donovan. She was sitting at her desk, typing up a report.
“Here to say goodbye, then?” asked his dad.
“I’m right here, guys,” groaned Sherlock. “Haven’t you embarrassed me enough for one day?”
“I remember that day,” said Mycroft suddenly. They were still looking at pictures from Sherlock’s first day home. Sherlock looked up at him and stared. The three on the couch turned to face him as well. “I remember thinking he was the most interesting thing in the house, better than all the toys and puzzles and books I had.”
“Just admit it,” John insisted. Sherlock blushed.
“I thought you could’ve been hurt.”
“I told you already,” said Mycroft. “I’ve got one on underneath, just in case. I don’t need to be wearing it all the time.”
"No, I mean the makeup," Mrs. Hudson replied. "I could do yours, you could do mine."
Upon visiting the doctor, Sherlock was irritated to find out the dog had been carrying some sort of disease, and he’d have to stay, bedridden, at the hospital for ten days. Sherlock and a ten-day bedrest was a recipe for disastrous boredom. He was trying to analyze the weird food served to him when the door opened and in came Victor.
“How’d I do?” he asked.
“Woah, woah, woah, Mikey. Can I call you Mikey?,” interrupted Jim, putting a hand on Mycroft’s arm. He glared at Jim.
“Sure, dear.” John came over and snapped a photo. “You need one too, John,” she laughed. “Give the camera here.”
“Not caring caused me nothing but pain for years, Mycroft.” Sherlock’s eyes glazed and he looked back at Rosie to try and calm himself down. Mycroft looked down at his shoes.
“What if I can’t? What if I’m not like you?”
“Sherlock, emotions aren’t… bad,” Mycroft said. He sat down on the bed next to Sherlock, who was now giving him a very confused look. “What I was trying to say, what I meant to say, is that… you shouldn’t care about what the other kids think. I suppose I assumed you knew what I meant.” Mycroft decided this was the simplest answer he could give.
“But then we only have five people, and it’s teams of two,” said Greg.
“You should run for prime minister,” said Sherlock. “Because you’re good at bossing people around, and you’ve got lots of ideas on how to run the country.”
“Hear what?” he asked, an edge of panic creeping into his voice. Mr. Billings’ face fell as he realized Sherlock hadn’t heard, and he’d have to tell him.
“I don’t know what you find worthwhile about this. Now I’m just cold and salty.”
“I think he’s the cleverest one,” Sherlock replied. “To make up for his size.” Mr. Billings chuckled.
What would happen if he removed the ends of the names? John crossed off the ends.
“Okay, and what’s your friend like?”
“What about food?”
“So you have a friendly face at school, someone to turn to, someone to pass the time with.”
After Sherlock got back from his extremely dull three-month rehabilitation, he quickly garnered a reputation among the NSY team as the genius detective. They began to consult him on almost every case, much to the distaste of Sgt. Donovan, who was still resentful of Sherlock from that party back at Cambridge. Sherlock, however, refused to have his name down as the one who solved it, and preferred to let Lestrade take the credit. Lestrade quickly rose through the ranks and was promoted to Detective Inspector.
“Where are we going?” asked Sherlock, grabbing his own.
Day two of the Cape Cod case. It was not John’s morning. First, he woke up to Sherlock sprawled across the bed like an octopus. Liar. Second, Sherlock was muttering things in his sleep. About John. There were also other… things. In addition to that, John had also done the things. He didn’t want to do the things, and yet his body did them anyway. This trip was a disaster.
“Here, mate.” Sherlock took the cig and headed back to his residence. Once there, he grabbed a match off the table and flopped down on the couch. He struck the match, struggling to keep his hands steady as he held it to the end of the cigarette. He finally lit it up and inhaled. He coughed and gagged, and it tasted horrible and disgusting, but he took another inhale, and then another.
“So did Billy.” Mycroft stood there for a moment. “I think I’ll head out now. Charming to see you all. Goodbye, Rosie.” He turned and walked out the door.
“There’s an Italian seafood place in town, Fanizzi’s, that’s supposed to be good,” Sherlock offered.
Within minutes, Lestrade came out of the bathroom. He was dressed in a leather biker outfit that Mrs. Hudson had had in her room (now don’t ask why), a pink feather boa, and knee-high magenta leather cowboy boots. He sighed and strutted down the runway, giving it his all. Mrs. Hudson and John cheered and whooped and clapped as he posed and turned. As he walked back up the runway, he had a big smile on his face. He came back to join the others.
Sherlock couldn’t be kept content forever, though, and sure enough, late in the afternoon, Mycroft’s door swung open to reveal a very obviously bored Sherlock.
“I said that too, and you didn’t seem angry then.”
“What?” he asked.
“Goodnight, John.”
“John.”
“Sherlock, what I said last night, I was just caught off-guard,” he said, dodging an apology.
“Oh, alright. We better win, though.” Jim sulked over to where Mycroft was standing.
"Sherlock, they’re all hermits. No hermit is sociable.”
The next evening, Sherlock prepared to use his diplomatic voice again and went downstairs to ask Daddy about Redbeard.
“I doubt they’d listen to you. You’re only six.” Sherlock glared at him. “But who am I to stop you?” Sherlock got up and went to the phone. He dialed the number for the London police station and waited until someone picked up.
Around eight in the evening, a knock on Mycroft’s door startled him. He invited the visitor in and saw that it was Mummy.
for lease please see mr. Henley
“Sherlock! Daisy just gave birth to a litter of puppies!” Daisy was the old irish setter who kept Sherlock company while he wandered the fields. Sherlock broke into a wide grin and ran to meet the farmer. They’d been waiting for this for a while, and now that the day was here, Sherlock couldn’t believe it. Puppies! Mr. Billings said he might even be able to bring one home in six weeks. They got to the house, and just inside the door lay Daisy, surrounded by four sleepy puppies. Sherlock immediately knelt down to pet them, and Daisy was happy to let him. She trusted him.
“They do not!” insisted Sherlock.
THREE BARRELS
"Hello? Is Sherlock there? I need his help with something." John, forgetting his makeup and outfit, went to let Lestrade in.
“Would you like to stay for a cuppa?” asked Billings, sensing that there was something utterly wrong. Sherlock refused the offer, however, and practically ran home. He ran upstairs to his room, and slammed the door shut. He picked up his violin, but his hands were shaking too much. He settled for another cigarette, and the room was hazy when he finally went down to dinner. He sat sulkily in his seat and angrily stabbed a forkful of food.
“Do you want to talk about it?” offered Lestrade.
One evening in November 1993, the Holmes were having dinner and discussing Mycroft’s future. He had turned eighteen and was preparing himself for his last years of schooling, though he still didn’t know what exactly to do after that.
"No, no way. I'm not wearing makeup," John laughed. "Not a chance." Mrs. Hudson looked sad and turned back to the screen.
“Victor. Great to meet you,” he said.
“Fine, I’ll do that.” He went upstairs and came back downstairs in less than twenty minutes, having completed the math and the reading. Sherlock was down for a nap, and so this was what Mycroft considered the most boring part of the day. He could sneak into the nursery and wake him up, or…
“Myron, you need to talk to him. I’m not having this any longer,” hissed Mum.
“Did you go to the beach a lot?”
“I told your folks, and they said they’d let you know. Did they not do that?”
“Yes, but Gavin wouldn’t stop.” Lestrade’s mouth opened but closed quickly when John shot him another look.
“I think we’re the best team,” said Molly quietly. The two other teams looked at them for a second and went back to arguing with each other.
“I don’t; I’m just stating the facts. Saying he pushed you does not mean I care.”
“Who wants crisps?” Sherlock asked, paying mind to neither John nor Griswold. Evidently he had been at the snack bar. “Oh, and I bought chips for you.”
That evening, the Holmes family sat down at the kitchen table to what Sherlock decided was the worst idea ever (aside from going to public school). Mycroft looked confused, Sherlock and Dad looked uncomfortable, and Mum looked angry.
“Oh, Mike, we’ve totally got this in the bag,” said Jim. “This’ll be too easy. Faster, Mikey, faster! You’re a terrible horse.” Mycroft shuddered and made a face. He was not enjoying this at all. When they reached Greg and Molly, Jim grinned. “Hi, Molly. You’re going to fall for me again, how funny is that?” He tried to shove her, but Greg moved them out of the way and Jim and Mycroft nearly fell over. “That was a close one, Mike. Good save.” Molly reached out and shoved him as hard as she could (which was really hard) and they toppled over. Jim yelled in surprise as he went down. Mycroft could not have stood up out of the water faster.
“About what? The case? The restaurant?”
"Those'll do," said John. "You get the clothes, I'll get the curtains."
“Of course it would, Gavin.” Lestrade opened his mouth to complain but was cut off. “I’m going to see if there’s a pattern that determines which crabs are more sociable than the others.”
“We live together.”
“Please, Daddy?” he said. “I promise I’ll take really good care of him.”
“Sherlock, I think you might have a thing for that new kid,” she said, clapping her hands.
“I can handle that.” Lestrade sighed.
“Maybe later. It’s a lot to deal with at the beach.” She took a deep, shaky breath.
“But it’s for him,” Mycroft said, confused as to why the baby was just staring at him.
“Not funny, John.”
“Wait!” John called. “I need a picture!” He got up and ran after the detective. There was a click of the camera, and the door shut. John came back into the sitting room. “Mrs. H, do you want a picture, too?”
After presents, it was time for cake. Everyone was amazed at Mycroft’s stunning work, especially Sherlock.
“Thanks, John.”
“Did he now?”
STREETS
“Sorry, Sherlock,” he said. “I don’t know if you’re ready for this.”
“I won’t hear another word of it. Why don’t you bring your bags to your room?” she dismissed. She noticed Sherlock standing idly in the doorway. “Sherlock, help your brother with his bags.” He rolled his eyes again and picked up the smallest one while Mycroft attempted to carry all the rest. He followed Mycroft to his old room.
He and John immediately began waving their hands threateningly in the general direction of each other while they waited for the slow-moving Holmes brothers (is there any other way to move in water?) to reach each other. Greg stepped forward tentatively towards the skirmish, but then decided against it and stepped back again. “Good move,” Molly said. The Holmes brothers had reached each other and now John and Jim were fighting hard. Jim shoved John and their team nearly fell over, but luckily Sherlock didn’t let that happen. John , aiming for the chest, accidentally hit Jim in the face.
“I’m sure he’s alright, John,” she said. “Nothing to worry about.” John hoped she was right.
“You’ll do great there. And you can tell me all about it on the phone and over the weekends.” He and Bill said their goodbyes, and Mycroft went home. He had expected it to be the saddest day of his life, but instead he found he just felt numb, as if it were all a dream or as if it weren’t real.
Mummy dropped Sherlock off first and Mycroft second. When they pulled into the school lot, Sherlock practically jumped out of the car and would’ve ran straight for the door if it weren’t for Mycroft. He grabbed him by the shoulder and kneeled down so they were eye-to-eye.
“Just looks like hermit crabs to me.”
“Oh, cool. What for?”
When they reached the house, the lights were low, and the ones in Lestrade’s room were completely off.
“What a surprise,” said Sherlock, turning his attention to Rosie, who seemed to be the only sane person left in the room. Rosie’s hand was resting on his cheek and she seemed disinterested in the whole affair. His parents and John turned back to the album while Mycroft looked on in disdain.
“Mycroft?” Sherlock’s voice was raspy and broken. Mycroft’s tense features relaxed into a relieved smile.
“But-”
“Well, um, I-”
“I do not have a crush,” he said flatly.
“I just remembered,” Lestrade said. “I’m not that hungry after all. Sandwich, you know.” Sherlock nodded warily and waved goodbye as the DI turned around for home. The sun was sinking lower in the sky as the host led Sherlock and John to their table. It was outside, and they had a clear view of the waterfront and the setting sun.
“I just stopped. Many people probably think there’s something wrong with me, but does that bother me?”
“What’s his name?” he asked.
“There’s that voice again.” Now John laid down on top of the blankets. A muffled groan came from the pile. John pulled back the edge of the blanket to reveal a very grumpy detective.
“Am not!” insisted Sherlock. His face was turning red. Just as Sherlock was about to explode, however, John turned up with lunch for him and Sherlock.
“Am I going to be arrested for drugs?” Sherlock never paid attention to laws. That was Mycroft’s area.
“It’s me,” Mycroft answered. “What happened?” The stall door swung open to reveal Sherlock’s red, blotchy face. His eyes were puffy and he had tears and snot streaming down his face. Mycroft reached for a napkin to wipe his face before the younger Holmes answered.
“Mikey, what do you think of this tree?” His dad gestured to a large, full tree; the kind that immediately brings Christmas to mind and is everything a Christmas tree should be. It looked excellent for hanging ornaments from.
“It’s okay,” he said. “Good night.”
“There what is?”
“Mr. Holmes, excellent,” said Lestrade from behind. Sherlock whipped around and smiled politely. “Let’s use my office,” he said, leading Sherlock to a small room off of the main area. He directed Sherlock to a seat before taking one himself. “So, how are you feeling?”
“I might actually take you up on that, Sherlock,” he said. “Don’t get on my bad side, or I’ll exile you.”
“That was disappointing,” said Sherlock.
“Sherlock, can you hear me? Sherlock?” Sherlock opened his eyes and was immediately blinded by bright lights. A monitor in the corner was beeping steadily, and an IV drip was hooked up to his arm. His head was throbbing. Sitting by his bed, looking uncharacteristically disheveled and tired, was his brother.
“I’m a bit busy,” said Greg, who had paused his sunbathing and was now enjoying his doughnut.
“Who is it?” said Sherlock between sniffs.
“Goodbye, sweetheart.” Sherlock got out of the car and went to begin the next chapter of his life.
“Much,” John grinned, tilting his head up for a forehead kiss.
“Back to the others. I’m ready to begin my experiment now.”
“What sort of experiments?”
“That’s what couples do.” John nodded silently and took out the sunscreen as Sherlock lay on his belly, face buried in his arms. He looked the picture of relaxation, but John knew he was probably mulling over the case. John placed his lotion-covered hands on Sherlock’s back and began rubbing awkwardly. Then Sherlock started to hum. At first, John was mortified at rubbing lotion on Sherlock’s back, but after a while it felt… nice. John was surprised he was thinking that, but somehow he didn’t care.
“Oh, alright,” Mycroft conceded. He removed the suit, revealing an early-nineteenth-century-esque striped one piece. John smirked. Mrs. Hudson looked away but was presumably doing the same. Molly struggled to contain a smile and began to blush. Greg burst into uncontrollable laughter. “There’s no need to stare.”
“It’s my dad. He’s in hospital. He fainted and they're trying to wake him up. I was wondering if you could come with me to the hospital,” he said. His eyes were shiny and he looked so upset that Sherlock couldn’t turn him down, no matter how tired he was.
“Why?” he asked.
“Where’re you headed, Greg?” asked Donovan.
“Sherlock, do you want to see something cool?” Mycroft leant forward, hands on his knees. Sherlock crawled forward and reached his hands out. Mycroft smiled as Sherlock grabbed his nose with one hand and his shoulder with the other. His pale blue eyes were wide and happy. “Wait, did you just crawl? Mummy! Mummy, come see this!” Mummy came rushing into the room.
“Sally. Nice to meet you, too.” Sherlock turned to Victor.
“Hello, Dad,” said Sherlock, not bothering to conceal his icy tone. “Still hate me, then?”
“And it is…”
“Oh, yes. We do! Would you like to see?” John nodded his head eagerly as Mr. Holmes went to fetch another album.
Jim jumped up abruptly from his floating position in the water. He had a mischievous look on his face. He waited until everyone was looking at him. His eyes were wide with excitement and his grin crossed from ear to ear.
"Oh, goodie!" Mrs. Hudson exclaimed. "Do you have a color in mind?"
“It wasn’t working, so I squeezed it harder and then it all came out very suddenly.” John nodded, grinning.
“I’d prefer a one vs. one vs. one!” said Moriarty enthusiastically. “I want to topple ALL of you! Let’s get ready to rrrrumble!”
Decided on curry, by the way.
“Redbeard? Sherlock, didn’t you hear?” Sherlock’s stomach dropped.
“Sorry, brother mine, but duty calls.” While the brothers glared at each other, the rest of the group loaded the bags into the cars.
“Myron!” yelled Mum.
“I was not ‘being mean’, I was just teasing.” John gave a look to Lestrade that said ‘yes, I know, but Sherlock’s upset’. Lestrade nodded like a scolded child.
“No, Lestrade, thank you. You’re a bit too obviously straight.”
“It’s me,” said Sherlock.
“Distracted how?”
“He’s a good conversationalist, very responsible, plays football, has a puppy, and can run very fast,” Sherlock said. Sally smiled.
“Well, why aren’t you in a swimsuit?” said Mrs. Hudson exasperatedly. She had clearly had this conversation multiple times in the car.
“Don’t listen to her, she’s remarkable. Always too humble, this one.” Everyone seemed to be at ease except Sherlock, who tried once more to get up from the table.
Sherlock came downstairs the next morning, wary and not knowing what to expect. He entered the kitchen to find Mum seated at the table, breakfast laid out for two. Dad, who was usually there to eat with them, was nowhere to be found. He must have left early to avoid eating with him. Sherlock was a little relieved, as he really didn’t want to face him after last night. He took his seat at the table and picked at the food. Mum had worked hard and made his favorite - eggs with chips and sausage. Sherlock wasn’t really in a good mood, but he wanted to show Mum his appreciation and smiled thankfully anyway.
“Oh, she was doing so well,” he said, sighing. “Is she hungry?” Sherlock facepalmed, disappointed for not remembering that.
“I know,” said Lestrade, confirming Sherlock’s suspicions. “That was a hell of a concoction you took,” he continued. “It’s a wonder you made it.”
Before long, it came time for Sherlock to pack his things and leave for Cambridge. Everything he wanted to bring went in boxes, and everything he didn’t want was taken to the attic by Mum before he could throw them away. He and Mum loaded the boxes into the boot of the car and then the only thing left was for Sherlock to say his goodbyes. First he went to the farm to say farewell to Redbeard.
One evening in February, Mycroft was in the sitting room, playing with Sherlock, when he got up to get some water from the kitchen. He was filling up the glass when behind him he could hear a noise. Pat, pause. Pat, pause. Thud, longer pause. Pat, pause. Pat, pause. Then a tug on his pant leg. He turned around to see Sherlock, standing right behind him, smiling innocuously. Mycroft nearly dropped the glass, and decided to set it down in case of further shock.
“It’s in America!” John’s eyes widened. He set down the paper, turning all his attention to Sherlock.
“Sherlock,” she began. He waved his arm, once again emotionless.
“What homework do you have today?” Mummy asked him.
“You can get whatever you want. I’ll even let you get more than one flavor if you want. We just can’t tell Mummy. She’ll think we’ve spoiled our dinner.” The Holmes brothers laughed, and for the first time in a while, Sherlock felt happy - and was willing to let himself feel it. He ended up with a vanilla-chocolate twist with rainbow sprinkles and pecans, though he was eager to return so he could get all the flavors. Mycroft decided on coffee and chocolate.
Bury Three Barrels Gunpowder Red Lion George New Scott’s New Bell. John’s new list made a bit more sense now, though not much. New bell? Red Lion? And who’s George? John added the endings back to the ones that didn’t make sense. Bury Three Barrels Gunpowder Red Lion Court George New Scott’s New Bell Yard. Still that New Bell Yard. New Bell Yard… New Scotland Yard? New Scott’s… aha! John crossed the New Bell off. His list now read Bury Three Barrels Gunpowder Red Lion Court George New Scott’s Yard. It was starting to make a bit more sense now. He grouped the words together, hoping to provide some further structure to the information. Bury Three Barrels (of) Gunpowder. Red Lion Court. George, New Scott’s Yard. But who was George?
“So you’re going to play with them?” John grinned.
“Right, brother dear.”
“I guess we should split this, then,” said Greg, turning to John.
“I’m six years old.”
"Oh, alright," said Lestrade, visibly confused. Mrs. Hudson poked John.
“What is that?” John asked.
“He didn’t even wait up,” whispered Sherlock, grinning. John suppressed a giggle. They brushed their teeth and hurried to bed, exhausted from all the traveling. When it came time to undress, however, John felt more than a bit awkward.
“That’s the point of the game.”
“Keep your balance next time.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. They turned their attention to the two remaining teams, who were now making their way towards each other.
“Did it help?” John asked hopefully.
“Hey, Sally, is Lestrade available?” he asked, looking towards the DI’s office. She nodded.
The flat on Montague Street was small and had an unreliable heating system, but it was worlds better than the crack den. He was excited to be able to use his chemistry set again, and was eager to make the place his own. He hung his awards and degree on the wall, and devoted a whole corner of a room to his violin. He didn’t get to stay very long, however, before he went to rehab. He met lots of interesting people there, and lots of boring therapists and doctors.
“Mikey, you don’t need money. Why not do it for free?”
“How come there’s only one left?” He looked at them and saw Mycroft glancing in the other direction. “Mycroft?”
Mrs. Hudson started with trimming and filing John's nails, but received some protesting from him when she went to pick a color to paint them.
“For your benefits, I’d like my own room. I tend to sprawl out and make the bed uninhabitable for the other person.” Lestrade said, though there was a hint of suppressed excitement that John couldn’t explain. He left to go unpack in his room, leaving John and Sherlock in the living room.
GUNPOWDER SQUARE
“Anything.”
"Oh, John! It's wonderful! I look..." She trailed off, too excited for words.
“Hey, Sherlock,” said John.
“I want you to know that I do love you, and I still love you, even if you’re…” he trailed off.
“You’d probably still run the country, even from a low-level position,” said Sherlock mockingly. Mummy shot him a look, however, so he stopped smirking. Mycroft pondered this for a moment.
“But he’ll make new friends and we’ll grow apart and it won’t be the same,” he lamented.
“Whatever you say.” Mycroft decided that tomorrow he’d make a friend. He’d show his parents. He could do anything. Something so trivial as making pleasant conversation with a peer would be a piece of cake. Speaking of, Mycroft was ready for dessert.
“Thanks. Um, see you soon, I guess.” Sherlock smiled at him before turning around to drive back to campus. He was exhausted by all the emotions of the day. He wondered what Victor thought of him being gay. They didn’t really talk about it after he asked, given the circumstances. Sherlock hoped he wouldn’t be put off by it.
In the winter came Christmas and Sherlock’s second birthday. He was much more vocal now about what he wanted, and he got very upset if he didn’t get it. Mycroft found this to be exhausting and preferred to let Mummy and Father handle it. Mycroft used the tantrum time to further advance his studies. The spring and summer passed in a similar fashion. Sherlock was getting very good at singing the alphabet and could recognize some letters written out, though inconsistently. In the fall, Mycroft turned ten, and Sherlock celebrated Halloween as a pirate. Mycroft went trick-or-treating with him, but didn’t dress up himself.
“Chemistry,” he answered. “And you?”
“Yeah, we won!” shouted Greg, reaching up to give Molly a high-five.
Yes, I know the show said Sherlock was 8 during Carl Powers, but the show gave inconsistent dates so I had to pick my battles.
“I’d be happy to pose as a couple with one of you if it’ll help the case,” said Lestrade, who had pulled a sandwich out of nowhere and was quickly eating it.
The next day, after the plane had touched down at Logan, and the long car ride had been taken, Sherlock, John, and Lestrade settled into their lodgings. It was a small house just outside Provincetown, where the murder had taken place. The house had two bedrooms, one bathroom, a small living room, and a small kitchen. There was an outdoor shower and a yard with a tetherball pole. It was nice and quaint.
“Hello, Mr. Billings. How have you been?” he asked, not listening to his answer. Instead, his eyes roamed, searching for his dog. “Where’s Redbeard?” he asked after failing to find him.
Redbeard soon joined Sherlock on his wanderings around the farm, and they had lots of fun together. Redbeard was an energetic puppy, and was curious about everything around him, just like Sherlock. Redbeard made Sherlock happy, and playing with the dog was one of the few moments in his life where Sherlock felt like an ordinary kid, playing with his dog, and feeling happiness and love. They looked after the bees, and wandered by the stream, and fed the cows and horses, and played with the chickens, who admittedly were not amused.
Despite the awkward conversation in the car, Sherlock did his best while at the hospital to be supportive of Victor while waiting for information about his father. He offered to be a shoulder to cry on when they were told of his passing, though Victor didn’t take it. He stayed with Victor at the hospital until he was ready to leave, and then drove him to his mother’s home. Victor seemed in a bit of a hurry to get out of the car.
At this point, John decided to take a break, and maybe have something to eat. He heated up some soup and ate it in front of the television. He was watching a broadcast from Scotland Yard on the latest crime spree. Lestrade was clearly frustrated with all the reporters there asking why it hadn’t been solved yet. If Sherlock were here, he’d be able to solve it, thought John. Indeed, Sherlock would solve it, all while bickering with Donovan, picking on Anderson, and calling Greg the wrong name.
“It’s Mycroft, Mother. Not Mikey.” Mum sighed.
“You okay?” he asked.
“What’s that you’re reading?” Mycroft approached the table, standing just behind Sherlock’s shoulder to read the entry for himself.
“Okay.”
“The police are wrong,” said Sherlock. “He didn’t drown. Something happened. His shoes are missing.”
“Cambridge,” he said. “That’s a big achievement.”
“John, the case.”
“It happened immediately after a new kid sat down in front of me,” he said, confused. Why does this matter? He should be taken straight to the doctor.
“He won’t listen to me,” said Dad.
“About you. And how I haven’t been a very good dad.”
One night, Sherlock decided to experiment. He mixed his normal dose of cocaine (which had slowly been increasing) with morphine. He also mixed it with other powders and solutions available to him. He filled the syringe and jabbed it into his arm. He felt a rush that was greater than anything he’d experienced before. He felt all-knowing and as if he were invincible. But he didn’t look it. His eyes were dark and sunken, his skin pale, yellowed, and stretched tight over his bones. He stank of drugs, body odor, and rot. His hair was greasy and matted, his clothes filthy and torn. He looked like a broken shell of the man who had, just four years ago, confidently strode into Cambridge, excited about the prospects of his future. But Sherlock had miscalculated the dose. He struggled to breathe as waves of nausea overcame him. He tried to take a step but couldn’t, and collapsed on the ground shaking instead. His pulse slowed, and the world blurred and went dark.
“Ah. Well, I’d best be off,” said Sherlock, gesturing to his leg. “See you around, Victor.” He limped away in search of medical attention.
“I’ll ask my associates,” said Mycroft. “It’s not out of the ordinary for Sherlock to disappear like this, though. Are you sure you’re not overreacting?” John stared at him.
“Where are the others?”
“I was wondering… if we could maybe try it for real?” John looked up at Sherlock’s face. His icy blue eyes were wide and vulnerable, his mouth was just open. John didn’t know if it was Sherlock, or the music, or the past few days, but without thinking, he closed the gap between them, up on his toes, and kissed him. He kissed Sherlock and forgot all about the awkwardness, because this was what he wanted. He knew that now.
“Sherlock, my fingers are about to fall off. Can we go home now?” John shivered, regretting his decision to not wear gloves or a hat. They had been dashing from the yard to the morgue to the yard again practically all day, with only a short break for lunch at a cafe, and now they were staking out a flat. It had been mild enough when they left the flat after breakfast (which was rather late, as both John and Sherlock enjoyed sleeping in) that John had thought his jumper and a light jacket was sufficient. It was now late in the evening, however, and John could see his breath fogging in a cloud in front of him.
A little over an hour later, the two cars arrived back in London. Mycroft dropped off Molly and then headed to Baker Street to drop off Mrs. Hudson before returning home. Greg stayed for a little while when he dropped off Sherlock and John, but before long he left too, and then there were three. Mrs. Hudson was going somewhere that evening, the boys didn’t know where (Sherlock would be beside himself if he knew), so that evening in Baker Street, it would just be Sherlock and John.
In the passing weeks, Sherlock’s symptoms seemed to be getting worse. The boy was occupying most of his thoughts, if only as a confusing inconvenience, and he was barely getting anything else done. And family dinners were becoming unbearable. Mum was bent on getting information out of him, and Dad seemed curious, too.
“That sounds simple.” Sherlock grinned.
Sherlock turned five, and was enjoying his last months before his first day of school. He was excited to go and meet other kids, and learn, but he was also sad to not be able to play pirates all day. He started asking Mycroft about what school was like, and whether it was fun or not. Would he learn a lot? Are the kids nice? What about the teachers? What would he learn? How long is break time? Mycroft would think about his life at school. He never learned very much; what he did learn, was on his own. Billy was the only nice kid he’d known, and everyone else had made fun of him for his prowess. The teachers were nice enough, but he didn’t really pay much attention to them. And then he’d open his mouth to tell Sherlock, but his little brother’s eyes were so wide and full of hope. They had only known love and kindness and were unaware of the cruelty of kids. He just couldn’t bring himself to tell Sherlock how mean the world was. But what did it matter? Sherlock wasn’t like Mycroft. He was ordinary. Just like the other kids. They had nothing to single him out for.
“What do you mean?”
“Doesn’t mean I’m your housekeeper, though,” she said on her way to the kitchen. She came back bearing tea and biscuits, and the three sat around and chatted for a while until Lestrade got up.
“It was passable,” said Mycroft. “The work was a tad boring, but I made a decent amount of money.”
“And yet here we are.” John cleared his throat.
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes,” she said. Mycroft grinned.
“There goes Mr. Bear!” said Mycroft in a silly, high-pitched voice. Mr. Bear went into the air and came back down to land in Mycroft’s outstretched hands. He wiggled the arms to make it look like he was dancing. Then, Sherlock’s mouth stretched into a wide, toothless grin. Mycroft dropped the bear, and Sherlock, thinking it was part of the game, smiled wider. “Mummy! Mummy, Sherlock’s smiling!” Mummy gasped and hurried over to the boys. She tickled Sherlock under the chin, and he kept smiling.
“It’s you,” said John quietly, shaking his head.
“I’ll get the report to you as soon as I can, Mr. Holmes.” Lestrade turned back to Sherlock.
“I’m studying a sample of soil from campus,” he said.
“What symptoms?”
“Um, yeah. Sure. Excited. It’ll be great to relax while you guys watch him, for a change.” The doorbell rang again, and up came Molly, wearing a sundress over her swimsuit and donning a wide-brimmed hat. She had a big woven bag slung over one shoulder filled with stuff for the beach.
“So I’m suitable, then, am I?” asked John, a crooked grin on his face. They were heading home from Musgrave Hall, Rosie asleep in the back seat of the gray Audi. Sherlock smiled lazily back at him.
“I got distracted.”
“What? No, I -” he looked up and saw their hopeful faces. “Oh, alright. Might as well.”
And so Mycroft spent his days in bliss. He was excelling in school, enjoying time with his friend and his brother, and his parents were very proud of him. October rolled around, and with it came Mycroft’s eighth birthday. It was a relatively small party, attended by his parents, Billy, Sherlock, and Uncle Rudy. Mummy made a delicious chocolate cake with a superhero action figure standing amidst chocolate frosting and sprinkles. Billy gave Mycroft a cape and mask that had been made to look like those worn by The Professor in their comic strips. Billy revealed his own Ink Man costume, and Mycroft was extremely delighted. Halloween would be excellent this year.
“How was Lestrade being mean?” John crouched next to Sherlock, still holding his crab.
“Doesn’t mean he didn’t push you.” John smiled.
Mycroft came home and brought his bag up to his room. Then he ran back downstairs to the sitting room, where Mummy was bouncing Sherlock on her knee while singing to him in French. Grandmother was French, so that was the second language Mycroft had learned and he understood everything Mummy was singing. When he entered the room, the two looked up at him, and Sherlock started smiling.
“Shut up.” They giggled again, giddy from lack of breath and the excitement of the day. Mycroft was off to the side, still shivering and grumpy.
THREE BARRELS WALK (2)
When they got home, Mummy and Daddy put up the tree. Mycroft watered it and Sherlock played with one of the lowest branches. A few days later, when the branches had fallen enough to be decorated, they strung lights around it and put up the ornaments. Mycroft was very proud to put up one he’d made in school, a ceramic snowflake. Sherlock was captivated by all the shiny decorations, but for the safety of said ornaments, he was kept on the sofa with some non-fragile toys to play with.
Sherlock spent his days much in this way, dividing his time between studying, violin, and adventures outside. Mycroft was getting too busy to play with Sherlock, as he was increasingly busy with studying and what Sherlock suspected was a plot to take over the country, but Sherlock didn’t mind. Mycroft was really starting to get on his nerves. He was becoming increasingly condescending and smothering when he wasn’t busy, so Sherlock started to spend more and more time outside of the house after school. There was a farm nearby where Sherlock helped take care of the bees. He even learned how to harvest honey.
“Yeah, that was my reaction. Know anything about this?” Lestrade sat thinking for a moment.
“It’s better. Apparently Ace was carrying some disease and now I have to be treated for it,” he added. Victor’s face turned red.
The party was most enjoyable. Grandma and Granddad had brought extra-special candy for the occasion, and Mycroft was shocked at how delicious it was. It was a new level of tasty. For Sherlock’s present, they had brought a picture book about pirates, which seemed to interest the birthday boy and provided something for him to enjoy other than bees. Billy (or rather, Billy’s mom) had picked out some pajamas for Sherlock, and Uncle Rudy had gotten him a little car that he could ride on and push. Mycroft had chosen for him a “the farmer says” wheel that made a bunch of animal noises.
“I’ll have the fish and chips, please,” said Sherlock, smiling cordially. He handed his menu to the waitress as she turned to John.
“I’ll pass along your remarks.”
“Hey, guys,” greeted Lestrade. He had made another visit to the snack bar and was having a hot dog.
“Hello?” he called. “Anyone here?” He heard shuffling noises around him as the inhabitants took note of him.
“I’m going to see if there’s a pattern that determines which crabs are more sociable than the others.”
“So you’re going to play with them?” Lestrade grinned just as John had done.
“How about Charlotte’s Web? That’s got talking animals in it.” Mycroft considered this. On the one hand, it wasn’t very challenging, and he didn’t like doing tedious things. On the other, it wouldn’t take very long.
“I’ll do my best.”
“Oh, hi, Molly,” said Lestrade. “How are you?” the two began chatting while John grew increasingly annoyed that Sherlock wasn’t ready yet. He got up and went to his bedroom door. He knocked.
“Who said that? It looks like it’s coming from the couch, but I don’t see anyone over there. Is the flat haunted?” John teased.
“Hello, Bill. Would you like to be friends?” he asked, smiling. People liked it when you smiled. But Bill gave him a strange look.
“He left after you did, but he didn’t say where he was going. Leave him a message, he’ll probably be back soon,” she said.
“Oh, you’re awake!” he said. Sherlock blinked in surprise and nodded. “Thank God, too. I thought we’d lost you. Sgt. Lestrade,” he said, holding out a hand. With the arm that wasn’t attached to the IV, Sherlock shook it.
“See you later, guys,” he said. “Tell Sherlock to contact me ASAP.”
"And now we have Martha Hudson modelling a lovely purple dress for us, and she has chosen to go with it a stunning pearl necklace and a beautiful gold bracelet," he said in a mock-announcer voice.
John got a cab to NSY and went inside the building. People were bustling about, working hard to make up for the lack of help from the still-missing Sherlock. He saw Sergeant Donovan and approached her.
“Thanks, I guess,” he said nervously. “Um, do you want to be friends, maybe? I don’t know anybody here, well, I guess none of us do, I mean, we’re all new here, and… sorry,” he said again.
“Sherlock’s a baby, you need a friend your age.”
“I figured it out when Sherlock was a teenager, and I tried to tell him, but he brushed me off.”
“Or I could sneak inside,” the younger one suggested. Mycroft shook his head.
“Oh, yes. That’s today.” He smiled but made no move to leave the bed.
After a two-hour drive, he finally arrived back at Musgrave Hall. He knocked on the door, and it opened to reveal a beaming Mum.
“What do you mean do I have a girl over?” Victor shook his head.
They took a break from planning on Saturday, New Year’s Eve, and Mummy and Daddy went to a party at Uncle Rudy’s house. Mycroft and Sherlock were sent to Billy’s for the evening, and Mycroft was very excited to have a sleepover. He and Billy made their comics while Sherlock played with some toys, and then when Sherlock went to bed, they had a Superman movie marathon, with popcorn and everything. They stayed up until one in the morning having fun and talking about the details of the movies. In the morning, the two Holmes boys went home, Mycroft rather reluctantly.
“An experiment.”
“Science?”
“Yes, that’s rather kind of you, brother mine. Although I won’t be having any, as there are no Cheese and Onion bags to be found.”
“Why don’t you want to tell us about school?” she asked.
“Victor! Are you feeling better?” he asked, using his best caring voice, which wasn’t hard, because he really did hope he was feeling better. Victor nodded his head but didn’t smile.
Friday dawned, and with it, Sherlock’s big day. Mycroft ran into his nursery to wake him up, but instead found the child already awake and bouncing up and down while holding onto the railing of his crib. He seemed to know already that it was a big day, and had a big smile on his face. Mycroft lifted him up, changed and dressed him, and brought him downstairs. Daddy was filming and everyone immediately began to sing Happy Birthday to the toddler, who clapped his hands excitedly at all the attention.
“Because your dad needs to understand he’s wrong and make steps to amend that. And it would be best if we were all on the same page.” Sherlock sighed.
“That’s not true,” said Mycroft quietly.
“No, it’s not - we’re offering you, specifically, a job. As a detective.” Sherlock raised his eyebrows, prompting Lestrade to go on. “Your brother’s informed us of your abilities, and we think you’d be a real asset.”
“It’s me,” said Sherlock.
“That’s really him?” laughed John from the sitting room. Sherlock’s eyes narrowed as he entered to find John sandwiched between his parents, a photo album open on his lap. He was pointing at a particularly embarrassing shot from his infant days. He had gotten his hands stuck in some lattice in the garden while exploring and was crying. Mycroft was behind him, trying to pull him out but only hurting Sherlock’s wrists more.
“Nationalism,” he said with some degree of confidence despite being caught unawares. The class suppressed giggles.
“Today was fun, don’t you think?” John asked, relaxing in his plush red chair. Sherlock was leaning forward in his black one, hands pressed together in his typical thinking position.
“Oh, this will be fun!” Jim said as he grinned and ran over to them. The six walked down to the waves. When they reached the shoreline, Jim and Greg ran right in with no regards to the frigid temperature. Sherlock waded in not as eagerly but didn’t seem to mind the cold either. Molly shivered as she entered the water. John was even less inclined to the chilly waves this time than he was last time, and he was hopping and shivering before the water even went past his knees. Mycroft was the last one to go in, and only after additional coaxing from everybody else.
“I guess you’re right,” John conceded. “And I am a bit hungry anyways.”
“Yes, I am sure. Something’s up, I can tell.”
“Oh, um, it’s nothing. Nothing,” Sherlock said, still smiling but no longer laughing. Go back to typing up the case. I have work to do. Lots of work.” John left without another word, though he did throw a confused glance over his shoulder as he walked back to the desk. Outside, the rain had finally stopped, though it still hadn’t cleared up.
“Are we going to visit Dad?” asked Sherlock. Dad did work in town, after all.
“Shocker.” Sherlock came into the kitchen, apparently looking for something. Opening a drawer, he found it, and dashed down the stairs without a word to John. “Where are you going?” he asked.
“Hey, do you mind?” he asked. One of them, a girl, smiled and dropped a small object in his hand.
“Ace, no!” he scolded. “No biting!” he joined Sherlock in freeing his ankle, and soon the dog was under control. “Sorry about that,” said the man.
“I can’t believe Sherlock never told us about you,” said Mrs. Holmes. “You met five years ago, and Mycroft tells us you’ve been dating for two months, but you never said a word! Why not?” She turned her attention to Sherlock, who was wriggling in his seat and turning red.
After a somewhat awkward breakfast where only Lestrade was willing to make conversation, the three split into two groups. Lestrade went to the police to get as much info as possible on the case, while Sherlock and John headed to the beach to chat up the locals.
Nearly two hours later, Sherlock and his mum pulled into the lot at Cambridge. Mum turned the car off and Sherlock made a move to get out of the car.
“What color?”
"Could what?" He asked while Mrs. Hudson made her way to the desk by the opposite wall, where all the supplies were. John went behind Lestrade and pushed him over.
“I’m sorry, I got sidetracked.” John noticed a small, flat lump under Sherlock’s blankets, near his right hand. He reached for it, but Sherlock was too quick and covered it with his hands.
“Bill? Oh, sure, Mikey. Do you want to ring him and ask?”
Before long, Sherlock was discharged and was scheduled to meet with Lestrade. He walked into New Scotland Yard, looking around for the officer.
“You are playing with them!” Lestrade said.
“Redbeard was my dog. Just because I couldn’t bring him home doesn’t mean he wasn’t mine.” Nobody talked for the rest of the meal.
“Dad doesn’t hate you,” Mum said. “He just needs a chance to learn.” Sherlock didn’t respond, and went back to picking at his food.
“John.”
John was having a hard time sleeping while worrying about Sherlock’s whereabouts and activities. He had spent the third night lying awake in his bed all night. The fourth night looked to be the same, so he decided to go downstairs and spend it typing up a case. At least then he’d be productive. He was making his way through the dark (not wanting to shock his eyes with light just yet), and he had almost reached the desk when a rock-solid object collided with his toe. Words spewed from his mouth that I won’t repeat here.
The rest of the week was filled with activity as the Holmes prepared for Christmas Day and with that, visitors. Uncle Rudy was coming, as were both sets of grandparents, and there was lots to be done. The house had to be cleaned, and it was so big that this was no easy feat. Mycroft was in charge of dusting and cleaning all the windows, and keeping an eye on Sherlock. It was exhausting, especially since Sherlock couldn’t help.
Sherlock, answer your phone.
“I mean, you might have a crush on the new kid.” She gave him a hug, catching him off-guard.
vacant, waitinG for buyer
“Tell us one specific thing you did,” said Dad.
“I thought feelings were stupid by that point. Even though I had them, I wished I didn’t, so I worked really hard to suppress them.” Everybody was quiet for a moment before John spoke up.
“A couple of things. You’re not in trouble, though, I promise.”
“No problem. And if you ever need a wingman, just let me know. I’ll help you find a straight guy to fall for.”
Despite Grandmother and Grandfather’s attempts to ruin Christmas with limits on sweets and dull stories about how children these days were too coddled, Mycroft managed to have an excellent holidays. Everybody was impressed with how Sherlock could almost walk, though Grandfather was a tad disappointed he still needed to hold onto things. Everybody helped try to get Sherlock to say his first words, too, but their efforts were in vain.
“That depends on your intention. What do you want to use it for?”
“Sounds like a plan,” said John. The three set out for town, enjoying the cool evening air. As they turned onto the street where the restaurant was, however, Lestrade stopped.
“I will not, because I have nothing to admit to. I am doing actual science, and you just can’t understand it.”
“Well, you seemed nice, and you like superheroes, too,” he said, noticing the edge of a comic book poking out of Bill’s bag.
“Sherlock, what have you done?” Mycroft gasped. There were burn marks on the carpet, as well as some mysterious stains. The room stank of chemicals and half of it was filled with a table covered in scientific instruments. What little room there was left was occupied by Mycroft’s bed and the small side table and dresser. Sherlock had really taken over since Mycroft had left. Sherlock smirked at his brother and threw the bag he was toting into the corner. He flopped onto the bed, now made up for Mycroft’s arrival, and kicked his legs. Mycroft sighed and held a hand to his temple. It was going to be a long couple of weeks. He unpacked his bags and put away his clothes, stashing the suitcases in the closet.
Preparing for university was a welcome relief to Sherlock. It allowed him even more time away from his parents, and distracted him from the punches life threw his way. Thanks to his intellectual prowess, he had his pick of any school, and he had decided on Cambridge. His focus became on succeeding his exams, though he was regrettably interrupted during the Christmas holiday by the Y2K panic among the ordinary people. Sherlock was irritated by their stupidity. He almost hoped their computers would crash.
The address was listed below. John went to bed, hoping everyone was okay.
“Eugh, you like Cheese and Onion??” Greg asked, dumbfounded.
“Why are you having lunch already?” John asked. “It’s still early.”
One week later, they were in the car driving to Musgrave Hall in Surrey, nine week-old Rosie in a bucket seat in the back. She had been home with them for a week, after spending the first eight weeks of her life with her mother, Mary, in prison. She’d been arrested for shooting Sherlock and Magnussen while she was still pregnant, but Mycroft put her in a prison with a nursery for the baby, and allowed her to go to doctor’s appointments and had driven her to the hospital when it was time to give birth. Most prisons aren’t so accommodating, but when you’re Mycroft, you can do practically whatever you (or your brother and his boyfriend) want. Mary got to spend eight weeks with Rosie before giving her to her father to take care of. Sherlock was very excited when Rosie came home, and spent the next hour trying to talk to her as if she understood. He had talked about her new home at Baker Street, and about nice old Mrs. Hudson downstairs. John has lots of pictures of their conversation.
“Where did you get those sandals?” John asked.
Vaguely reassured, John put away his phone and went to bed. But Sherlock didn’t return that evening or the next, and John was getting worried. Sherlock had stopped answering his phone except for a daily I’m okay, can’t talk, don’t worry. SH. John had shown these to Mrs. Hudson, who just waved her hand.
“It’s not nice, it’s true,” he said, looking down at his salad and shifting it around with his fork.
“Redbeard,” he said. Mr. Billings smiled.
“Day off?”
“Nothing.”
“Oh, hey, John, any sign from Sherlock?” he asked, looking up from the files on his desk. He had a doughnut in one hand and a steaming coffee was resting next to the papers.
“No, never. Gross. Emotions, especially love, just get in the way of that,” he said, gesturing to the chemical mess. “You said yourself. Caring is not an advantage.” Mycroft was rendered speechless for once. Maybe caring wasn’t the right word for what he had been trying to tell Sherlock so long ago. After all, he cared for Sherlock, and Billy, and he was on track to running the whole of the UK. In fact, he was only successful because he cared so much about losing Billy all those years ago. Caring could hardly be called a disadvantage. But that’s the word he’d chosen, because he didn’t know any better words. And Sherlock had taken that idea and run with it.
“Mikey, what a nice picture. Shall we put it up on the fridge?” Mummy smiled at him.
“Hi!” he said cheerily. The boys waved back. “You enjoying P-Town so far?” he asked. They nodded. “It’s so refreshing to go somewhere and not have to worry about what could happen to us… it’s great.” The boys nodded again. “So how long have you two been together?” Sherlock and John both felt their cheeks grow hot as they stuttered an answer. Finally John got out “not long.” Their neighbor chuckled and gestured to his boyfriend.
“Go into the sitting room,” he said to his parents. “I’ll be right in.” They obeyed, and, with a last, hopeful look at the toddler, Mycroft followed them in. After a few minutes of expectant waiting, the pattering noise could be heard in the kitchen. A few seconds later, Sherlock waddled in slowly in search of Mycroft, immediately dropping to the ground on seeing his parents.
“What do you want?” answered a voice.
“Whatever you say. But don’t hesitate to let me know if you do need a paycheck.” Sherlock decided this Lestrade fellow was alright.
“Yep,” Sherlock said, dragging out the y and popping the p. They were silent for a few minutes.
“Sherlock, I’m driving.” But Sherlock persisted, and nuzzled his face into John’s shoulder. John chuckled. “Okay, then.” He removed one hand from the wheel and reached over to ruffle Sherlock’s curls. John felt Sherlock’s grip loosen as the detective drifted off to sleep. It had been a long day.
Sherlock deposited his book bag on the table and stalked upstairs to his room. Per the advice of Mycroft, he had decided it was best to not care about things, and so he needed work to do to fill the time a caring person would’ve spent crying. He opened up his notebook and started writing down what he had observed at school that day, like he’d done for the past year since that awful first day of school.
“Pass me the slide with the soil,” Sherlock had asked. Victor fumbled around with the slides for a bit before finding the right one.
“Prove it,” challenged John. The two disappeared under the water. Molly looked at the ripples they’d left and sighed quietly. Lestrade put his arm around her.
“Probably. I’ll heat up a bottle, you go enjoy talking to my delightful parents,” he said, rummaging in the supply bag for a milk bottle. John did so and left the room. The bottle heated up and ready, Sherlock was feeding Rosie when he heard a low chuckle from downstairs. Apparently everyone had moved to the sitting room. When Rosie was done with the milk, he brought her with him downstairs. “Let’s go see what everybody’s doing,” he whispered to her, her head resting on his shoulder.
“But I’m not going to be swimming.”
Mycroft sighed. “I suppose I’ll play if it’ll make you guys happy,” he said. Everyone, including Sherlock, nodded eagerly.
“I’m ok,” he reassured them from down the hall. John turned back to Greg.
“Billy’s the only one who’d want to be friends with me. And he’s the only one I wanted to be friends with,” he added. Mummy didn’t know what to say.
Thanks to a great cabbie, he arrived five minutes early. He waited outside, unsure of whether or not he should go in early. He decided it was best to wait and enter on time, just to be safe. He opened the door and wandered inside. It was dark, and he was on the alert for an ambush.
“Nobody needs boring,” said Sherlock in a low voice. Everyone turned to look at him. “Oh, was that out loud? Doesn’t matter; it’s true. Boring is boring. Mrs. Hudson, if you want excitement, then you should get excitement.” Everyone looked surprised, to say the least.
“So you got the government job, then?” asked Sherlock.
“Sherlock, I’m so sorry. I overreacted, and I was so stubborn and I couldn’t admit that I was wrong, and it got out of hand. And I should’ve been there. I should’ve been there for you when you got a crush on a boy and didn’t know what to do. And I wasn’t. I should’ve come round and listened to you, and I didn’t. I should’ve learned. I didn’t. I failed you, and I’m sorry. I can’t take back those years; there’s no chance at a do-over. I can’t unsay all the things I said. But I can stop backing them up. All I want, more than anything, is to be your dad again. And it’s okay that you’re gay. Really, it is. And whatever Mycroft is, that’s okay, too. And I’ll do my best, my absolute best, to make sure you boys understand that. So what do you say, Sherlock? Will you give me another chance?” Sherlock blinked. This was not what he expected. Honestly, he didn’t know what he expected. But it wasn’t this. He put his head in his hands, curling up into a ball perched on the edge of the bed. He was trying so hard not to get emotional, to keep cool and react reasonably. Then, his dad put an arm around him, his hand resting on his back. Sherlock the ball remained curled up, an impenetrable fortress. He didn’t know how to feel. Glad? Relieved? Bitter? Sad? All he wanted was a cigarette, to dull the confusing, painful emotions, take away the edge. Sherlock and his dad remained like this for a while before Mum called Dad down to help with dinner. Sherlock had never answered him, but he didn’t need to. Dad understood.
“We’re ready when you two are,” said Molly. Mycroft broke the stare first.
“Because you’re just playing with them.” Sherlock shot Lestrade a death glare and the DI quickly shut up. Sherlock looked up at the empty chairs.
“Billy’s moving to London and I’ll never see him again,” he said, putting his head in his hands. Mummy came over and rested her hand on his back, rubbing it gently in an attempt to soothe him.
“Should I go into the bathroom?” he asked, cheeks growing warm.
When he emerged from the bathroom, he found Sherlock struggling with the sunscreen. He had poured too much of it into his hands, and now his face was white as a marshmallow. He had splotches of white all along his arms where he’d tried to wipe off the excess lotion. His swimsuit was a small pair of purple shorts, and he’d thrown a black tee on over it. He had sunglasses perched on top of his head and was wearing bright green sandals. Sherlock was rubbing the lotion on his face in vain when he realized John had walked in.
“Just turn your back,” said Sherlock, who seemed unfazed by it all. John sighed and turned around, getting into his pyjamas in record time. Sherlock seemed to be taking his sweet time, however. Finally John gave up waiting and climbed into bed. Sherlock followed suit soon after, though he was wearing much less than John was. John was in striped matching pyjamas. Sherlock was wearing just a pair of briefs.
“You should have seen Mycroft when Sherlock came home from hospital,” said Mr. Holmes. “He was so fascinated with his little brother.”
“Good afternoon, Dr. Watson,” he said, leaning on his umbrella. “What could possibly compel you to avoid a phone call and opt for such a clandestine meeting as this?”
“I’ll get back to you, Dr. Watson. Go back to Baker Street. I’ll be in touch.” And so John got back in the car, and soon found himself back home. He went to his computer and decided, since all he could do was wait, he might as well type up one of the finished cases. But Mycroft didn’t call for the rest of that day, or the next. Normally, John would brush it off, but with everything going on recently, he panicked. He called Molly, but she wasn’t picking up. He tried everyone he could think of, even Mike Stamford, but nobody was picking up.
“Thanks, Mrs. H, that’s really great of you,” said John.
Sherlock’s fourth birthday came around and it was pirate-themed. Mycroft devised a clever map that would lead the birthday boy to the treasure of birthday gifts, and Father made an excellent pirate cake that made Sherlock very happy. That summer, Sherlock spent lots of time running around with his sword at any beach they went to (they went to a lot, as Sherlock was very excited to be a real pirate in the ocean). Mycroft, meanwhile, honed his abilities and was progressing rapidly in general academics, but also observation and deduction. He could have skipped ahead to university if he really wanted to, but he didn’t feel like it.
“There is nothing going on, because I do not have a crush!” Sherlock said, standing up. “May I please be excused?” he asked, impatiently waiting for an answer.
“Sherlock! You’re bigger than me, you can’t go on top! Stand still.” John tried to climb up, though he wasn’t very graceful.
“Should we do Italian or Chinese, or maybe curry?” Sherlock made no reply. “Sherlock, what do you want for dinner?” The violin came to halt.
“I expected a bit more,” agreed Dad. “So, Sherlock, I wanted to talk to you.” He sat down on Mycroft’s bed and waved him over to sit next to him.
"Like a queen," John finished for her. She had purple eye shadow, and dark eye liner. Her lipstick was a deep red (but not cerise), and she had rouge on her cheeks. The colors were bright, but the application restrained. Her nails were painted a pale shade of pink, slightly darker and redder than her natural nails, but close enough to not draw attention from her face. She truly did look royal.
“Wait!” Everyone turned to look at him. He smiled sheepishly. “Can I come with you? It’s boring to be all alone.” The friends turned to look at each other, and their eyes debated whether or not to let him tag along. Sherlock spoke first.
“Myron, get the camera!” she said excitedly. Mycroft clapped his hands, all too pleased to be the cause of Sherlock’s first smile.
“I wouldn’t want them to take me for granted.”
“Caught you. Be faster next time.” He shot John a small smile.
“They suit you,” he said.
“John,” said the blankets. John looked up, and seeing no change in the bundle, smirked and looked back to his book. “John.”
“Sherlock! We’ve missed you so much!” she said, hurrying to wrap him in a hug. Sherlock squirmed in discomfort and quickly pulled away, earning a sigh from Mum. Dad was standing nervously some distance behind Mum, as if he weren’t sure what to do.
“You’ll do nothing of the sort. My name,” he said, “is Mycroft.” Jim, donning an expression of mock o, looked over at Sherlock and John, then turned back to the angry man.
“I’ve made a friend!” Mummy smiled.
“And what about the other one?” he asked. “He’s never fancied anyone. Is he gay, too? Or does he not like anyone at all?” Dad barked a harsh, joyless laugh. Sherlock trembled in his bed, trying to dismiss the pain. Trying to ignore the venom in the words directed at him. Trying to do what he’d done for nine years. Roll with the punches. Ignore the bruises.
“Nope.”
“Mother-”
“Ah, okay.” They turned around and headed back up towards their friends. The hot sand burned their feet and John was practically hopping to their chairs. Sherlock showed no sign of pain except for
“No.” Sherlock left his seat, unexcused, and went upstairs. He closed and locked the door, and nobody was allowed in that night.
“Actually, I think maybe I do. The Red Lion was an inn, and its street took its name. Now there’s an empty lot on that street. Let’s start there.” He and John exited the building, Lestrade carrying a shovel.
“Awesome. So, first up. Your brother has requested you go to a rehab program, which I think is a good idea. What do you think?” Sherlock thought this over. It would probably be best to reset from the drugs so he could use them responsibly again.
“You won.”
“That’s not fair, you guys didn’t do the one vs. one vs. one!” Moriarty complained. “I want a redo.” Greg and Molly looked at each other, shrugged, and agreed. “And can we switch teams?” he asked. “Mike wasn’t being very fun.” Everyone else reluctantly nodded their heads yes. Sherlock was sulking as Moriarty tried to climb on his back and tried to make it difficult for him to do so but he decided against ticking off the criminal mastermind. Molly went on top of John, and Mycroft and Greg teamed up. After much shoving and splashing and almost-losing-balance-but-catching-it-at-the-last-second, Molly and John won the second round. Sherlock and Jim were, much to Jim’s anger, first down. “I’m never teaming with you again, Sherlock. You’re horrible at this.” Sherlock shrugged.
“Whatever you want. I’m not really hungry.”
“Mycroft, my word!” said Mrs. Hudson, and that made Greg laugh harder and louder.
“What was it like? Trying not to feel things, I mean,” asked John.
Once Sherlock had removed enough of the sunscreen, the boys left for the beach. They picked a spot near the water, but not so near they’d have to move at the tide. They were near a gay couple; one was burying the other in sand. The one with the shovel turned around and waved at them.
“I’m your brother and I need to know.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “And, I almost forgot, I have something for you.” Sherlock looked around curiously, interest piqued. Mycroft held out an oblong package wrapped in some fancy paper. Sherlock tore at the paper, revealing a dark bundle inside. He held it up. It was a long black coat with large pockets and buttons. It looked very cool.
"Okay, now it's my turn!" John went over to the sitting room where the carpet ended to wait for Mrs. Hudson to walk. In a few minutes, she came out wearing a purple dress that matched her makeup, complimented by a string of pearls around her neck and a gold bangle around her wrist. She wore black heels, but they were short and so she had no trouble strutting down the carpet. She acted like she was really on the runway. John decided he should be the announcer.
empty lot.
“We’re just waiting for Mycroft, right?” Greg said, turning to John.
“It was strange to see Moriarty acting so… harmless.”
“Bye, Mikey!” he yelled over his shoulder. Mycroft took a deep breath and got back in the car to go to his school. He hoped Sherlock would have a good day.
“Oh, um, no worries,” said Sherlock, preoccupied with examining his ankle. It was bleeding profusely where the dog’s teeth had broken the skin. He should probably see a doctor.
“John, we need to wear beach wear.”
“Moriarty, could Sherlock and I be partners? Please?” Jim rolled his eyes. He wasn’t relenting. “Mycroft, do something.”
“Oh, congratulations,” said John. Their neighbor smiled.
“I will do no such thing.”
“Sherlock? What’s so funny? I heard you laughing and-” John stopped dead in his tracks. Sherlock was sitting on his bed, camera in hand, looking at the photos. Mrs. Hudson must have left it on the papers that he had grabbed and, being completely unaware of things at times, had picked it up with the papers. As he usually did when left alone with an electronic device, he had turned it on and started to look at its contents.
“You just noticed?”
“Splendid!” Mrs. Hudson said.
As he was walking back to his residence, he noticed a group of students huddled together, smoking cigarettes. For some reason he didn’t know, he found himself approaching them with his hand out expectantly. Observing their casual manner, he decided to use a similar approach.
“You what?” Sherlock asked, his voice breaking. “Why did nobody tell me?”
“As am I,” replied Sherlock.
“How do I stop caring?”
John was tense the whole day long. Instead of watching scary movies at home, he’d have to rescue his friends. Expecting conflict, he loaded his revolver and put it on the table for when he’d leave. Disguise. John went to his room, looking for something disguise-worthy. He found the Halloween costume he had planned on wearing. He had gotten Sherlock a matching one, as a joke, because Sherlock was too grumpy and John thought it’d be funny. John’s costume was Bilbo Baggins, and Sherlock was supposed to be Smaug. So much for that. He put on the wig and fake ears, and the tunic and trousers. He even had his own Sting. He decided it might be useful to attack whoever was behind this, so he tucked it in its sheath at his side. He grabbed his mobile and his revolver and was out the door by 6:40.
Once everybody had finished eating, John and Molly took care of the trash. When they returned, Greg reminded Mycroft of his promise to go swimming. Mycroft rolled his eyes in response, but stood up anyway.
“Lestrade called. He has a case for us!”
Once Sherlock had gotten dressed, the two friends left for the hospital.
“Maybe you should have said it once in a while.” Sherlock turned and hauled his bags up to his old room, then sat on the bed, resisting the urge to have a cigarette. Eventually he decided there was no point in trying to avoid his parents any longer. He was at their house, after all. He headed downstairs and was about to enter the sitting room when he stopped just outside the door. Inside, his parents were arguing again.
“We just want to know what’s going on in your life,” said Dad.
“Not really.”
Greg and Molly had the easiest time with it. Molly was smaller, but strong, so she went on top to face off against the other riders. When at last John managed to stay on Sherlock for more than five seconds, it was time to start.
"We could," he said. Lestrade's confusion was growing.
"Look at those heels! Amazing! She's really wowing the crowd, listen to them cheer!" John clapped very loudly then and took on the role of the audience.
“Kids do that. They always pick on the ones who are different. They pick on me, too. But I don’t care. Caring is not an advantage. It prevents me from seeing what matters, which is why I am so successful, and my peers are not.”
“New England.”
“I haven’t asked them yet,” said Sherlock. “I’ll do that tonight.” Mr. Billings nodded.
“What can I get you?” she asked.
“Thanks, Mycroft,” said Sherlock as they left the shop.
“Hello, John. What’s the matter?”
“Myron,” began Mummy.
“It’s nothing,” said Mycroft. “Do you want to try some of mine?” Sherlock nodded his head and took a lick of the scoop of coffee. He made a face.
GEORGE YARD
“Sherlock, get up.”
“You were wrong,” he said. “The kids were mean. Well, they weren’t at first.” ]
John Watson spent the twenty-first day of October running around London and chasing criminals, so he was all too happy to return to Baker Street that evening and sit back in his chair. Sherlock, however, had picked up a thread of investigation in a new, intriguing case, and so was pacing around the room excitedly.
“You’re my boy. I gave you that name, and I can shorten it whenever I please.”
“Thank you, Sergeant,” said Mycroft, both for him and for Sherlock. “Well, brother dear, I should probably get going as well. But before I leave, I’d like you to promise me something.”
“Right,” said Sherlock, tilting his head back to look at the ceiling.
Luckily, making Sherlock’s birthday cake provided a much needed distraction. It was a chocolate cake with green frosting, and paper bumblebees sticking up on toothpicks. Mycroft frosted yellow and pink flowers as well. It was a very pretty cake (and tasty, too!). The rest of the day was spent cleaning the house and decorating it with streamers and balloons. Mycroft also helped Mummy wrap Sherlock’s presents.
“Alright. If they say yes, then Redbeard’s yours.” Sherlock smiled.
“Mum, I’m sick and need to go to the doctor,” he announced, flopping down onto the couch.
“Being gay is a part of me. It’s not all of me. But if you can’t accept that part of me,” he said. “I don’t want you,” he finished coldly. He turned and walked away, suppressing the urge to scream. He was never good enough for anybody. Or maybe they weren't good enough for him.
“So how are you going to study them?”
“No, no, Mum, I’ll talk to her. It’ll be easier for you since you don’t have to go out of your way.” Mum’s angry features softened.
“Yes.” Sherlock turned back to look out the window. His leg started to bounce uncontrollably.
“Where’s Sherlock wandered off to?” asked Mycroft anxiously.
“Sherlock, what’s the matter?” asked Mum, voice full of concern. Sherlock didn’t answer. “What’s wrong?” she asked again.
“He sent a puzzle, he said it was for a case he can’t be bothered to look into right now. I think this is the answer to the first part.” He held out his paper with the message on it.
“John!”
“You don’t look sick,” she said, putting a hand to his forehead to check his temperature.
“He looked nice enough so I went up to him and we chatted, but he just seemed so boring,” she sighed. “After Frank, though, everyone does.”
“I didn’t think you’d need one. Great, now we’ll have to go back to town.”
“And I’m not?” asked John, slightly offended, though he knew he shouldn’t be. Sherlock ignored him and continued with the plan.
John spent the rest of the evening eating and hanging out with his previously unaccounted-for friends. Everybody’s costumes were great. Mycroft, at the request of his brother, was wearing regal robes and a powdered wig. John and Sherlock kneeled before him every time they ran into each other, and every time they burst into giggles. Mycroft did not find this funny, but still struggled to repress a smile.
It was the last day of March, 2015, and John was only just now meeting Sherlock’s parents. They’d only been dating for two months, but you’d think, since they’d known each other five years, he’d have at least met them once. That’s what he told Sherlock last week while watching a movie on the couch, and Sherlock had squirmed in response.
“Sherlock, I’ve been thinking a lot lately, and I… I don’t know if I’m comfortable with you being… gay. What if you fall for me? That would be weird,” he added quietly.
“You overdosed. One of the other users in the “crack-den”, to put it colloquially, phoned the emergency services, and luckily they arrived promptly. But they nearly couldn’t… you were nearly… well, you’re not now, are you?” For the first time, Sherlock saw behind Mycroft’s tough exterior. He saw a tired, worried brother who had been out of his mind since he heard the news. Sherlock had never realized Mycroft cared so much.
“Do you, um… play for the other team?”
“Is this better?” asked Sherlock. John could feel the detective’s breath on his back and moved down a little. Sherlock’s mouth was now level with the crown of John’s head, and, just as John had hoped, he planted a kiss amidst the graying blond tufts of hair. Sherlock grabbed John’s small hands and enfolded them in his own large ones. He squeezed them gently, restoring the circulation to John’s fingers.
“Cape Cod.”
“Hi, guys,” she said.
“How did you sleep, dear?” she asked as he took a microscopically small amount of egg on his fork.
“Sherlock Holmes,” replied Sherlock, though he figured Lestrade already knew.
“What’s that mean?” asked Victor.
“John! Just who I need to see. I-” he stopped mid sentence. “I, uh.” His face was turning red. “I just remembered. I have a thing. To do. In there.” He went to his room blushing. John was confused. Sherlock almost never acted like this. He turned and saw himself reflected in the mirror above the fireplace. In his eagerness to type up the case, he had forgotten to wash the makeup off. Now it was John’s turn to blush. He buried his face in his hands. Then he heard a faint laughing sound coming from Sherlock’s room.
“Think about it, John - fresh territory, fresh criminals, fresh crime!”
“And now the outfit,” John declared, grinning madly. He went away for a few minutes and came back with a bag of clothes. He handed it to Greg. “Put these on and then you can walk down the runway. You look fabulous, Greg, absolutely fabulous.” Lestrade rolled his eyes and went to the bathroom to change. Sometimes being a good friend was tiring, but, in addition to making John and Mrs. H happy, he did enjoy it a little bit.
“Right.” They drove for a while in unusual silence. Then Victor had a question. It was nagging at the back of his head for a while, and whether it was the emotions from his father, or the silence, or something else entirely, he decided he had to ask.
Named after the Brian May song - check it out!
“Hey, buddy,” he said when he walked in the house. Redbeard gave a halfhearted wag of his tail. “I’m leaving for a few months.” He scratched Redbeard behind the ears, his favorite spot. “I’ll be back for Christmas, so don’t worry.” Redbeard licked his hand. “I’ll really miss you, boy,” Sherlock finished. He put his arms around the irish setter and gave him one last scratch before standing up. “See you soon, Redbeard.” He put his hand to his forehead as a salute and left the farm.
“S-sure. We can dance.” He took Sherlock’s outstretched hands and they began an awkward foxtrot.
In late November of 2009, Sherlock helped out a nice old lady named Martha Hudson. Her husband had been sentenced to death for drugs and for blowing someone’s head off, and had cheated on her, too, so Sherlock made sure that he was executed. She offered him a deal on a flat she owned in central London, in Baker Street. He’d get a discount on rent for his help with the case, but he had to find someone to live with him. Mrs. Hudson was all too aware of the effect of drugs, and though Sherlock had been to rehab and was clean (he even used nicotine patches over cigarettes), she wanted to make sure he would stay that way. It took him two whole months to find a suitable roommate, but in the end, it was worth it.
“Sweetheart, I want you to know that I love you very, very much,” she began, still hugging him tightly. “And I love you no matter what,” she continued. “I’m fine with you being gay. I hope you know that. You being gay does not make a difference in how much I love you, and don’t you forget it.” Sherlock still said nothing, but now it wasn’t out of fear, but out of being rendered speechless. He hugged her back and suddenly he was crying on her shoulder. He should not be crying. None of this should be happening. He was not supposed to be emotional. He tried to stop crying and couldn’t. All the years of being bullied and ridiculed forced their way to the surface. All the years of hiding everything and pretending it didn’t matter. Rolling with the punches and ignoring the bruises. All the ones that had been and all the ones sure to come. Then he remembered what was happening in the present. He pulled away, wiping his eyes with his sleeve.
“What do you mean?”
“No, that won’t happen to us,” he declared, though deep down he knew it probably would. He went home that day in the lowest of spirits, not even saying hello to Sherlock, who was confused as to why Mycroft didn’t want to play. He trudged upstairs to his room, closed the door, and sat on his bed, tears silently streaming down his face. He read all their old comics, but that just made him more sad, and so he went to bed early that night, not even coming down for dinner.
“You’re welcome,” said Mycroft, getting up to leave. “And there’s another thing, too. Look in the pockets.” He walked away. Sherlock dug around in the pockets until he found a key with a note attached. The note had an address on it. 17 Old Montague Street. Must be a flat. Mycroft really was the best brother (but he wasn’t about to tell him that).
“Everyone’s missing, so we’re staying here and we’re not leaving until we figure out what’s going on. I am not losing you, too,” he said. “No going to the shops. You might not come back.” Mrs. Hudson seemed remarkably calm while John was growing increasingly frantic.
“I’ll be back soon with your order,” she promised, turning to go inside. The boys sat silently for a while, John taking in the view and Sherlock scanning the restaurant for suspicious-looking people.
“No, no! Why does everyone think that? Why does nobody understand that I am doing real, actual science?”
John didn’t know what to make of it. Should he go to those streets? Maybe it was an anagram. No, probably not. Maybe it was another kind of puzzle? John tried listing the names again, in order this time.
“Maybe he got tired. I’m really busy right now, so if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to hang up.” Click. Sherlock put the phone back on the hook aggressively and stomped over to the table. Too young.
“Thanks, Mike,” Bill answered, admiring the rainbow of colors. “I’m really gonna miss you,” he added. “London seems kinda scary.”
“Not in the slightest.” John, however, had already lost interest in trying to persuade Mycroft to have fun. He turned his attention back to Sherlock, who was trying to mold wet sand into a ball. John joined him and made a ball of his own. When he moved his hands up to show Sherlock, however, it crumbled in his hands.
“Meet the locals. I have a few target places in mind, but anywhere’s helpful.”
“Um, it’s just some soil from outside.”
All too soon, the cab arrived at Baker Street, and John had to make the short but freezing dash from the car to the door. Sherlock, of course, showed no signs of being cold. They made their way up the stairs, and found that Mrs. Hudson had left them dinner waiting under covers to keep warm. Sherlock walked over to the dishes and lifted one of the covers, holding the plate out to John.
“Not now, John, we’ve almost got him!” Sherlock complained. What started out as a simple bank robbery had turned into a murder, and Sherlock and John had been working hard all day and now into the evening. Right now, all John wanted was some dinner and a warm blanket. John sighed and followed Sherlock as he ran around the corner. When he looked back, he could see through the flat’s window that the suspect had left and was going out. While the obvious move would be to wait for him at the front door, John knew Sherlock would rather have the satisfaction of catching him at the scene of his next planned crime.
“I guess.” Sherlock smiled. Consulting detective. Brilliant.
“Got you the first time, though.” John burst into another round of giggles. Sherlock’s smile soon grew to a wide grin that spread across his face. Before long, he was giggling, too. “Let’s see which of us can hold our breath the longest underwater,” said John once he’d caught his breath.
“Good night, sweetheart,” she said, closing the door. As he tried to fall asleep, he heard his dad downstairs, loudly complaining about his gay son.
John, I want you to know that I am perfectly alright. I am sound in mind and body, and everything is fine. However, I still won’t be home for a little while. In the meantime, there’s a case I want you to work on. This was submitted to me two days ago. It is, of course, trivial to me, but I can’t spare the time to pursue it at the moment, and I thought it might be fun for you.
Not five minutes later, Mrs. Hudson returned carrying a large decorated box with a small bag stacked on top. Inside the box and bag were various brushes, mirrors, pens, powders, and other items used to decorate one's face. She set them down on the desk, clearing away the numerous papers and junk that littered the surface. John went over and looked inside the box, overwhelmed by how many supplies Mrs. Hudson had brought. He picked up a bottle of nail polish that had caught his attention and eyed it warily. The glittery, deep blue paint was pretty and looked like the night sky. It reminded him of Sherlock. He blushed and set it down again, crossing his arms afterward.
“Science. I wish to study them.”
“Wh- why?”
“Yes?”
Hypoglycemia. Hyperthyroidism. Supraventricular tachycardia. Concussion. And more. Sherlock was pretty sure he didn’t have a concussion. And low blood sugar seemed unlikely. None of the diagnoses seemed exactly right. He’d just have to ask his parents when he got home. Then they could take him to the doctor. For now, though, he just had to get through the rest of the day. He was still preoccupied by the morning’s events, however, and had zoned out.
“That’s it. I think I need to investigate this.” John got up and walked over to the couch. He stared at the bundle for a few minutes, pulling a mock thinking position. Then he poked the blankets.
It was an ordinary, rainy day in 221B. John was in the sitting room with Mrs. Hudson, watching Connie Prince on the television. Sherlock was off at the lab doing an analysis of some type of dust. John still hadn't found a job yet, but Mrs. Hudson was more than happy to spend some time with him. This was their fifth week watching Connie Prince together.
“Well, have fun at college,” his dad said at last.
“What’s her name?” Mum asked as he stalked out of the room.
"We should have a fashion show," said John in between breaths. "With the new clothes." He giggled again. "Baker Street Wear." Mrs. Hudson continued to laugh.
“And you, as soon as you’re checked out, I need to see you.”
“You’re gay?” asked Mycroft, ignoring the last comment. Sherlock nodded. “I thought you didn’t feel things that way. I thought you were like me.”
"I wish we could do that," sighed Mrs. Hudson.
“Sherlock, breakfast is ready!” He set the plates down on the table. Sherlock walked in, still in his sheet. “You have to get dressed.”
“I don’t know. I could set up my chemistry set in here full-time and not have to clean it up. It would be great because then my room stays tidy - well, tidy enough for Mummy to not hound me to clean it - and you aren’t using it anyway, so you might as well let me have it.” Mycroft rolled his eyes and relented. Sherlock did have a good case. Sherlock immediately went to get his chemistry set and came back to get it set up in Mycroft’s old room.
RED LION COURT
“What do you think you’re doing?” Sherlock asked his parents.
“Pour vous, monsieur,” he said, winking.
“So, Mrs. Holmes, I hear you were a math genius,” ventured John, stabbing a forkful of food. Mrs. Holmes smiled.
“How come you never go anymore?” Sherlock looked down at his feet.
“Fine,” he relented. John grinned.
“Sorry I’m late,” he said. “I got held up at the office.” Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“Mother, is this necessary?” he asked.
“Mikey,” he’d say at first eagerly, but as time went on it turned into more of a question. Mycroft felt bad ignoring his brother like that, but he really didn’t feel like playing.
“America?” Sherlock nodded eagerly.
“Excellent work, brother.”
“No, you may not; we are having a nice lunch with your boyfriend!” Mrs. Holmes seemed incredulous. “We’re just happy for you, that’s all.” Sherlock made as if to get up from his seat anyway.
“Where are they?”
“Basic multiplication tables. Up to twelve times twelve. I’ll be done in less than five minutes. And I have to choose a new reading book to tell my classmates about. Apparently Animal Farm is too complex and disturbing.” He made a face, confused at his classmates’ inability to understand.
“Are you gay?” Victor took a deep breath in and out as he waited for Sherlock’s answer.
“Okay. Sherlock, how should we decide who gets the last room?”
“Ah,” said Victor. Sherlock wasn’t sure what to think of the tone of his voice.
“That’s a good name,” he said. “Now, your parents are alright with the puppy?”
“No, Sherlock, I haven’t gone swimming yet.”
"Why would I... um... I guess... that deep blue one. Yeah, the shimmery one," he said, blushing. Mrs. Hudson set the bottle down on the desk and uncapped it. One by one, she did the first coat, doing his left hand and then his right hand. She put the cap back on while the first coat dried. While they were waiting, she started on his face. She grabbed some foundation and began to match the appropriate shade. She found the match for his skin type, and then went back to his hands to do the second coat of polish. Next, she scrubbed his face raw and applied the foundation. Then she reached for the eyeliner. He tried not to blink as she applied it, and he nearly gave in, but he managed to keep his eyes open. Mrs. Hudson then reached for the eye shadow.
“Yes, I suppose it was.”
Lestrade noticed, too. And he was not letting it go.
"Like Sherlock's coat," John chuckled. Mrs. Hudson sat thinking for a few minutes.
“John, it’s so wonderful to finally meet you,” said Mr. Holmes. “Mycroft’s told us so much about you.” John smiled. Of course Sherlock hadn’t told them anything. He was fidgeting and seemed itching to be anywhere but at that table. John put his hand on Sherlock’s arm and squeezed it in an effort to relax him.
“Of course. He can’t wrap his mind around the fact that I’m gay. He doesn’t understand how I could be so broken,” he said, tears drying. The wave of anger faded, however, and he composed himself. “I don’t care,” he said. “It doesn’t matter. Any of it,” he said. Mum stood silent and her eyes were sad.
“Oh, Mikey,” she responded. “Lighten up.”
“Well, London isn’t so far. It’s only an hour away. We could visit on the weekends,” he rambled on, in denial.
John finished his breakfast and brought his and Sherlock’s plates to the sink. He scraped Sherlock’s leftovers into a container to save. No use wasting more food and energy on breakfast tomorrow when he still had so much left. He brushed his teeth and then, for the first time all morning, sat down in peace. Less than ten minutes later, the doorbell rang. He heard Mrs. Hudson get it, and muffled voices exchanging pleasant greetings. A few seconds later, the door opened and in came Lestrade. The sunscreen on his face wasn’t totally rubbed in, and he was wearing big sunglasses. He was wearing a floral print vacation shirt and swim trunks.
