“I don’t even know when or how the hell it started, you know that? 12 years and it all just kinda blurs together. All I know is that at some point, losing you was like having a part of me removed,” he confessed. “And every time you died and I couldn’t save you, there was just this...bigger part that got taken out too. And it was too much, it was just too much to handle.”
Before he can reply back, Garth is getting her attention and seamlessly drawing her back into conversation. He wouldn’t be surprised if by the end of the night Garth decided to name his next potential child after her in some way.
“Dean…” she said, cupping the side of his face and looking into his downcast eyes, “you are my son. You never, ever need to apologize to me for caring too much.”
“Sam!” she cries out, a warm smile spreading across her face at his sudden appearance. “Sorry, I didn’t know you were coming. Must have missed your message.”
No more monsters, no more pain, no more dancing for Fate or God or anyone else like a puppet on a wire. Just peace.
“I have had many regrets in my life, most of which I no longer recall,” he confided, sincerely and confidently, “but loving you, Dean Winchester, has never been one of them.”
And he told her about his dreams, the ones he used to have back when Dean had first yanked him out of Stanford and hauled him back into the life. It didn’t matter that it had been years since Sam had one of his prophetic visions, and even longer still since he watched Jessica burn on the ceiling of their apartment. He told her how he still laid awake every night Eileen was gone, feeling cold and alone, gasping for air. How he was terrified to close his eyes, convinced that he would see her death play out in front of him if he did.
Time seemed to slow down once more, as if Dean's brain wanted to remember this moment forever.  Every aspect of Cas was notably charming; his sweet blue eyes surrounded by laughter lines, his disheveled-yet-tidy hair, his toothy smile that radiated genuine happiness, his lean hips with that uptight, perky little ass hidden under layers of fabric and that dinky trench coat Dean had grown fond of. Imperfect and rough around the edges, and oftentimes incredibly frustrating to deal with. But still devoted. Still devastatingly handsome. Still Cas. Simple yet all-encompassing, his desire to hold onto the moment settles somewhere deep in his chest as his grip lingers on Cas’ waist, trying to hold onto the angel for just a little longer.
Castiel takes a step back and narrowly avoids getting hit by a half ton of metal as Dean hastily flings the car door open. The two stare at each other in silence. Dean’s eyes, wide and red-rimmed, imploringly vulnerable, locked onto Cas’ fixed stare. If it were anyone else he would drop his gaze, but with Cas...for some reason, Dean was always drawn in closer, always wanting more.
Eileen’s mouth quirked at the corners. She puts on an exaggerated show of considering his question, eyes shining mischievously. They share a smile and lighthearted chuckle together, foreheads touching as they take in the moment.
Before he goes riding off into the sunset in a blaze of glory, he needs to clear the air with him and make things right.
Was Jack always this wise when he was living with them? Or was this a by-product of becoming the new God?
The two men size each other up, taking in the moment before Dean pulls him into a long awaited embrace. Sam’s arms squeezes him tightly to his chest and he hears his brother let out an unsteady laugh that catches at the end. He felt comforting warmth seep into him.
But at that moment, none of it mattered to Sam Winchester. He looked into Eileen’s alarmed brown eyes and admitted the truth he had been running away from for the last four hours.
“But Dean, right now there are millions of souls on Earth, people caring and helping each other navigate life the best they can. They continue to exist because you and Sam refused to give in to oppression. And you taught that to Jack, who saw the best in humanity by watching you lead. Because of you, humans are free to live out the rest of their lives under a God who doesn’t need their constant validation. So no, I don’t think it was ‘all for nothing’,” Cas wiggles his fingers into air quotes, “as you like to suggest.”
Dean had to believe that Cas had pulled through in the end. He had to find him and make things right between them.
“I- no, Dean, they’re the oldest religious manuscripts dating as far back as the third century BCE. Not some fictitious treasure map...plot device thing for a Nicholas Cage movie.”
“Cas. Cas!” He yells, his tone increasing with worry as he roughly shakes the other man’s broad shoulder.
“And it wasn’t your fault either, Sam.” the younger man returned, turning to face his once adoptive father. “I know that you still feel guilty about not being able to help Dean, but you gave him what he needed. You were there for him, beside him until his last day. That was all Dean really wanted. To go out with his brother by his side. Not to die alone and forgotten.”
“Me neither, but we have to work with what we have. Jack can’t sustain Heaven on his own, and there aren’t enough angels yet to keep the place running without him.” He sighs, a trace of exhaustion slipping through his words. “Even though she has limited, uh, ‘kicking power’ as you said, she still has some influence around here. But I’m keeping a close eye on her. And we have a deal, I suppose. If I help rebuild Heaven, she won’t interfere with your lives again.”
“Look, I’m not good at this kind of stuff. You probably know that better than anyone. But I know when the ball’s in my court and now it’s up to me to do the talking. So…I’m gonna talk, and I’m gonna hope that you’re still listening. ‘Cause I need you to know that I’m not mad, okay? About going incognito, or staying in heaven, or sacrificing yourself back in the Bunker. Which was a total dick move, by the way.” He adds, furrowing his brows as he looks skyward. “You don’t just get to drop a truth bomb like that on a guy and then vanish.”
“You don’t know that.” He deflects. “I just- fuck, Cas, I don’t want you to regret your decision down the line.”
Dean grunted, lightly pondering his brother’s question in his head until he realized that Sammy was expecting an actual answer.
Garth had told Dean that he had last seen Cas fighting in the East Wing before he lost sight of him. The poor kid had barely survived a freaking werewolf’s nasty bite and subsequent gnashing wounds, and yet, he still had the sincerity to apologize to Dean for not being able to help him more. Dean shook his head as he ran. That guy always had a few loose screws when it came to priorities. Maybe it was a Gryffindor thing.
That wasn’t even the worst of it though. Dean had thought his hex burn had been rather gruesome, but it was nothing next to the ghastly sight of burnt and singed flesh around the left side of Cas’ abdomen. Whatever curse he had been hit with, it had torn past his Slytherin vest and dress shirt, exposing his chest to the chill of the dawn air lightly drifting from the Courtyard. Even if Cas was rushed to the best healers in England, that mark would never properly heal.
Mary catches him staring and excuses herself from the trio, offering to refill their drinks. She stops by Dean on her way to the kitchen, turning to watch their little family adamantly chatter away.
“Nope, they were totally married.” He loudly insists, ignoring the skeptical look Cas was sending his way. “No question about it. The world just wasn’t ready to accept it in the 90’s.”
“I gotta say, that’s some shitty family dynamics you grew up with there, Cas.” Dean says, deflecting with humor out of habit.
A nagging thought at the back of his head reminds him that Cas is still in serious critical condition and in need of some medical attention. Even if Cas could stand on his own, he was going to need Dean’s help to make it all the way to the Great Hall. For the moment though, Dean was content to hold Cas in his arms, to listen to their breathing synchronize with the calming beat of their hearts. Proof that they’re alive. Proof that they survived. Proof that, against the odds, good things do happen.
He was so lost in his thoughts that he almost missed the familiar tuff of messy dark hair in the adjacent Transfiguration corridor. The rubber soles of his shoes squeaked threateningly against the polished floor as he rounded the corner, his eyes fixed on the slumped figure leaning heavily against the jutting pillar.
“Because it’s true.” Dean told him quietly, his hands shaking so he balled them into fists to stop the tremors. “And you know that for yourself, because you kept this from me. I would have understood your reasons if you’d told me. At least for a few months. I’ve never begrudged you anything you need to heal from what you went through, have I? But you knew I would feel this way, and you chose to keep it from me.”
“Why am I on the streets?” Castiel finished for him. “I guess I’m a little paranoid that he’ll track me down. I checked into a hotel the night I left him, and he found me. I climbed down the fire escape. I want more than anything to go back to work. To get my own place and be free again. The restaurant is the first place he’ll look for me. It’s not safe to go back.”
Only Dean knew of its existence, and he’d pinkie-swore to keep it a secret. He hadn’t even told Sam about this place. It was their secret, Dean’s and Castiel’s, and they’d commemorated that six months ago, etching their initials into the old bark with Dean’s penknife.
Castiel fell silent. After a moment, Dean glanced down to find that Castiel had fallen asleep, curled against him like a kitten. With a smile, Dean closed his eyes and let sleep overtake him.
Dean raised an eyebrow. “We don’t,” he said reluctantly. “But that bug you got is going around. Benny got a load of it too, I made this soup for him, but I had enough left for you too.”
“Will you tell me about it?” Castiel asks, quietly. “About when you found out? What your family said?”
Castiel waved him off. “And that’s not even going into the ways you took care of me when I was studying for my bar exam,” he finished.
“Hey!” Dean objected, sticking out his lower lip and giving Castiel a woebegone look. “I really wanted that.”
The line went dead and Castiel’s chest heaved like he’d ran a marathon. He discarded his phone across the room as he unbuckled his belt and freed himself from his pants, kicking them down to below his knees. The lube was out of reach, stashed in the dresser and there was no way Castiel was struggling over to it. He thought about starting slow, of teasing himself to the point where it was almost too much, fingers dancing over his thighs. Half a mile wasn’t far away, Dean would be here before he knew it. Another time.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly. “So, how long have you, uh, you know. Been back in town? Or is this just a brief visit?”
“Ordered cappuccino,” Castiel pointed out dryly. As Dean’s cheeks turned pink, Castiel took pity on him. “And my
. I knew his brother was sick and he needed medicine. We gave him money and told him not to come back.”
“Charlie can manage the shop for ten minutes or so,” Dean interrupted, already pulling on his jacket. “Come on.”
how vicious some of his reviews have been just because he didn’t like the sauce or his steak was overdone.”
By the time Dean returned, he was feeling a little more himself and a little more coherent, although his legs trembled at the thought of the walk back to his apartment.
Swallowing, Dean shook his head. “You love me in return, Cas. I didn’t need anything else from you. I never wanted you to give me anything.”
Against his will, Dean found himself turning to read the expression on Benny’s face. He fell into the blue eyes, eyes that were pleading for Dean to choose
“That’s not the problem. The fact is that your interest in me is purely superficial. You know nothing about me, other than you seem to find me physically attractive. Do you know where I work, what my profession is? What my favourite animal is?”
“Stop that.” Castiel wanted to take hold of Dean by the shoulders and shake him, to rattle him until he saw signs of the boy he’d fallen in love with. This cold man before him, this angry person was not the kind-hearted boy he’d grown up with. “Stop that, Dean. There have never been titles between us.”
Which was why this little tea-centred haven was one of the finer points of Castiel’s lunch break on Wednesdays. He had a scheduled research period for his own papers, and often made the drive across down to settle here with his laptop and briefcase. The welcoming aura of the tea shop along with the countless flavours made for a perfect, relaxing afternoon.
Castiel hesitated for a moment and then reached for the one with sugar. “Thank you.” As his hands grasped the paper cup, Dean noticed slivers of silver around his fingers.
Dean shook his head, but Castiel knew he was just upset with the situation and how neither of them could think of a way to fix it. It wasn’t like he enjoyed being slammed face-first into his locker door every day.
The rain was still heavy when Dean edged the Impala out of the parking lot. He bit his lip, thinking how cold and uncomfortable it would have been for Castiel if he’d spent the night on the street. Hopefully he’d make it to the shelter without issue.
“Well, Morning Sunshine is only a couple of blocks away. We’ll stop in and get you some tea and I can check out the guy hitting on my baby bro.” Gabriel smirked.
A ruckus in the hallway caught the attention of the entire senior AP Literature class and Castiel’s eyes widened when he heard the sound of his brother being addressed. He rose, intent on seeing what was going on, but it appeared Gabriel beat him to it.
He smoothly parked in his assigned bay and reached for his flask, taking a sip and sighing. This would get him through the morning lectures, until he could make full use of the teapot in his office.
Dean’s silent for a long moment. “I always knew. My mom told me from the beginning that it was unusual, that I was special and different from Sammy. I don’t think I realised how different it was… how different
“Yeah,” he said quickly. “That’s… not ideal weather to be moving in. It’ll take us forever to load all my stuff, and you know Benny said he would help but he’ll never get here in this. Maybe we should just cancel. The apartment can wait a couple of days.”
With a stifled groan, Dean tossed the dish towel across the kitchen and followed after Castiel with purpose. “Hopefully. You’re gonna be a menace, Cas, I can tell.”
“Okay,” Castiel replied, dazedly, before shaking himself out of it. “I mean, uh… fuck it, I mean okay.”
Beneath the dirt and freckles, Dean’s face turned an unflattering shade of puce. His lips mouthed the word ‘duty’, but no sound came out, as if he was fighting back a thousand responses before eventually settling on, “
“Yes, I have my key,” Castiel sighed, the undercurrent of misery in his voice tugging at Dean’s heartstrings. God, he just wanted Castiel here so he could hold him. Dean wavered for a second, but then held firm.
“Morning sunshine,” Castiel ground out, the words torn from him only because he knew Dean would delay his order the longer he resisted, and he’d be late for work. “A medium black coffee and the special of the day. What is the special of the day today?”
“No! We’d love to have you, wouldn’t we, sproglet? Do you think Mr. Cas should come with us to see the bakery?”
That seemed like the best course of action, so Castiel made his way to work, wondering what the deal was with Morning Sunshine. It was never quiet, Dean’s skill with baked goods was renowned around town and brought plenty of repeat customers. But it had never been that level of busy before.
“Mr. Novak, you’re no longer a student here, you cannot just barge into a classroom!” Principal Adler shrieked, his pompous, smug face now apoplectic.
The chapped lips were warm and pleasant against his own, and it never failed to surprise him how soft Castiel’s mouth was, how inviting his kisses were.
Castiel didn’t see Dean for the rest of the week. The weekend was a welcome reprieve, especially since he didn’t teach or have office hours scheduled on Mondays. It meant from Friday evening until Tuesday morning was his own time, unless he had a deadline he needed to meet. When Monday rolled around, there was still a lot of grading to do, so Castiel allowed himself the morning off, but intended to visit his office in the afternoon to collect the next set of papers.
“You stopped,” Castiel finished for him. His interest was piqued, and he shifted along their threadbare, second-hand couch, patting the cushion next to him. “What were these flyers?”
It wasn’t until he woke up later that evening that he realised he hadn’t even attempted to pay Dean for the tea or the soup.
. And if we’re gonna have any kinda future together, you gotta move past those memories. Cas left his mark on you when he chose his job over you, I get that. But I’m right here. Make new memories with me.”
Tessa walks over and sits beside Dean, reaching out to touch his arm gently. “I’m sorry, Dean. There’s no going back from this. I can’t undo time, I can just speed it up.”
Castiel had just never expected him to. It had been more than a year since John Winchester had passed away. The moment that had burned between Dean and Castiel on this very hill was still fresh in Castiel’s mind, as if it had happened only yesterday. It was the closest either of them had ever come to acting on it, but Castiel had never dreamed that Dean’s feelings may have changed.
He felt thoroughly pathetic when Castiel seemed to know what he was thinking. “I would have looked you up, but I wasn’t sure of my welcome.”
There was a moment of victory as, for the first time, Dean saw the corner of Castiel’s mouth tug upwards in an almost smile. “Sure. I was going to ask if you’d like me to make dinner.”
He gets to the end of the street when his phone rings. With a sad smile at the caller ID, Dean is reminded that there is at least one other person on earth that has no soulmate either.
Familiar arms slid around Dean’s waist and then Castiel’s lips were pressed to his cheek, chin resting on his shoulder. His smile widened and he leaned back against his boyfriend. “Hey, Cas.”
Dean lingered in the doorway of the interview room, wanting to say something. It didn’t feel right to leave it like this. Castiel was in need of help, and they were just going to send him back onto the streets. Shelters filled up on a first come first serve basis and it was already late. But Castiel was already on his feet, drinking the last of his coffee and Dean ducked out of the way, letting him through.
Through sleepy eyes, Castiel saw Dean hesitate by his bedside, as if he wanted to say or do something. He thought he felt the ghost of a hand carding through his hair, and then his eyes were too heavy to stay open any longer.
“I… I can’t say I’m sorry,” Castiel shakes his head, averting his eyes. “Because I’m not. I’ve felt like this from the moment we met. We might not be soulmates, Dean, but there’s nobody else out there that I could love more than I love you.”
Alex was rudely interrupted when Castiel’s office door burst open, and Dean Winchester walked in with a stormy expression in his face. He strode up to the desk and pointed at Castiel.
Sinking down at his desk, Castiel pinched the bridge of his nose. He could feel a migraine coming on. Who knew that one fellow Professor could be a constant headache?
The ride home was quiet, both deep in contemplation. Castiel was antsy, half wanting to throw the small package out the window but also a little curious in himself. When they pulled up at their small apartment, Castiel was jolted out of his thoughts by Dean’s fingers entwining with his.
Dean licked his lips and felt his heart jump at the thoughtful gesture on Castiel’s part. Their whole dating thing wasn’t new, their attraction had grown quickly and they’d hooked up within a few weeks of moving in together. Thankfully, they’d both been open to dating and Dean had fallen hard and fast. Now at the end of their freshman year, he was still amazed by how well they fit together. How Castiel knew him better than he even knew himself.
“I’m glad.” Castiel released his hands and began dabbing at Dean’s sweat-slick brow with a handkerchief. “I hated the way we left things. Being away from you for so long would be torture.”
He rose from the bed, bare feet padding against the hard, wooden floor as he explored Dean’s room. Normally he wouldn’t dream of being so invasive, of exploring Dean’s personal space, but he was intrigued now of his own influences. Peering into the closet, Castiel saw an inconspicuous looking box at the back. He reached out and picked it up, opening the lid. Immediately blanching, Castiel replaced the lid and pushed the box back where it had come from. So that was where Dean’s collection of
Ah. That same old song and dance again. Castiel was tired of having John Winchester belittle their relationship. It wasn’t even the worst kind of homophobia – he’d been truly supportive of Dean’s bisexuality all through high school and college, by all accounts. He just didn’t like the idea of Dean truly settling down with a man.
Castiel blinked. “Technically, you didn’t apologise. You said you wanted to, but never actually said the words.” He pointed out.
Gabriel reached out and pressed a hand to Castiel’s forehead. “You’re feeling a bit warm. Are you sure you’re not coming down with something?”
Castiel’s lips parted in realisation, and he awkwardly shuffled on the spot before promptly retaking his seat. “Ah, yes. It appears you left it under the seat in the Tea Caddy.”
“Thanks, mom,” he breathed, hurrying to get his keys. He’d need to hurry if he was going to pack and get to the airport in time to catch the flight.
Silence descended upon them, but neither of them felt obligated to break it. After years of friendship, they were used to companionable silences. They didn’t feel the need to force conversation. Just being in each other’s company was enough.
“I- I’m scared of flying,” Dean ground out, fingers biting into the armrest. “Please, is Castiel available for just a moment? He’s my husband…” He trailed off weakly, a sheepish expression on his face. God, he was pathetic.
It was Dean’s turn to cup Castiel’s cheeks now, ducking a little so he could meet his eyes. “Cas. You’re wrong on so many levels. First, it is a big deal, but not in the way you think. You don’t have to be ashamed of that, not at all. Second, no matter what, I
He turned and stalked out of the room, heading for the bedroom. That wasn’t fair, and Dean kind of regretted losing his temper already. The pain still rang true within him, though, and that spurred him on for him to shut himself in their shared bedroom and lock the door.
Castiel moved closer, leaning against the bench and watching every motion, as Dean methodically zested another orange and juiced both. The zest and juice went into a new pan with a pat of melted butter, along with a little more sugar and a generous measure of brandy. Dean usually preferred to use Grand Marnier, but he had none on hand and this wasn’t the first time he’d made it with brandy.
Castiel tried not to understand the colours. He’d tried to explain it to countless doctors, numerous therapists, but nobody had ever been able to give him an explanation. Which, in Castiel’s eyes, made it a thing of beauty. Beauty was inexplicable, just like colours. Just like art.
“I’m fine,” he sniffed, taking the tissue that Dean held out to him and cleaning the worst of the blood from his face. “Thanks.”
There was a click as the door locking mechanism released, and Dean muttered his thanks as he shouldered his way inside. Castiel’s apartment was upstairs, so Dean took the steps three at a time, opening the apartment door without bothering to knock.
Castiel swiped quickly at his eyes as he heard footsteps approaching behind him. He knew who it was. Only one other person ever came out here—only one other person knew
“—and he made me this big cake and it was so tall I couldn’t even see the top and it was strawberry because that’s my favourite. What’s your favourite, Mr. Cas?”
Castiel whimpered. “I’m not out, Dean. They don’t know about us, but I don’t want to ask you to pretend that we’re not dating. I don’t want to hide you or make you feel like I’m ashamed of you. I don’t know what to do.”
“I’m right here,” Dean replied, clutching at his chest and pretending to be wounded. “C’mon, Cas, just give me your phone number. We’ll go out once and if you don’t have a good time, I’ll never ask you again.”
Dean leaned against the counter, braced on his elbows. “Well, we wouldn’t want that,” he replied lightly. “But as it happens you are special today. You’ve been randomly selected to taste test my possible new menu addition.”
He hated seeing the tan lines, the glow on Castiel’s face when he came home with pictures and memories that Dean would never be part of. It was driving a wedge in their relationship, and now Castiel was almost reluctant to return home at all, Dean wasn’t sure what else he could do.
The car ride back to Dean’s home was filled with an awkward tension. Dean turned the radio on but attempts to pry into Castiel’s music interests were met with dismissive shrugs. Instead, he flicked it back to his classic rock mixtape and let that play instead.
“Me too. I was out of line, I was insulting from the beginning and I crossed a line when I stormed into your office.” Dean offered, gently, raising his own glass to his lips and taking a sip. Castiel followed the motion with his eyes, his flush becoming more pronounced. How had it gotten so warm in here?
Gabriel barely spared him a glance. “Just did, big boy. You might want to come too,” he added, his eyes fixed on Dean. “He’ll need you.”
It was art. Where all of these different ingredients might be shades of paint on a canvas, Dean had used them to create a masterpiece of the culinary kind. More than that, he’d done it out of Castiel’s favourite flavours. Dean had put all this together just for him.  Castiel’s eyes opened and he found his feet. Dean turned at the sound of his chair scraping, brow furrowing.
Dean took in a shaky breath and gathered all that remained of his strength. That was something he could understand.
Castiel shook his head. “That’s not what I meant. I went from depending completely on someone I loved, to doing the same thing with you. You’re a better man than he was, but the roof over my head is completely in your hands regardless. I need to know for myself that when you and I move in together, it’s because it felt right. Not because I needed a home.”
“Yep,” Dean shrugged, hanging back to lock the Impala. The rain was still coming down heavily, so he ducked into the porch before fishing through his pockets for his keys. “Just me.”
“You’re alive,” Charlie smiled as he entered the bakery. “Haven’t seen you yet this week, I thought you might be dead.”
Castiel nodded and rested his head on Dean’s shoulder. “I love you. You do so much and I want you to know how much I appreciate it. I’ll find a job soon, I promise.”
“This was what he gave me the first time I left him. He slammed my head into the door and left me with a concussion. He won’t find me again.”
“I do,” Dean replied desperately. “I do. I should have listened to you before and let you into our room. I’m here now and I want to hear whatever you’ve got to say.”
“Oh yeah, don’t give me that ‘butter wouldn’t melt’ crap. You were all like ‘I miss Louisiana, Kansas is too dry for these old Bayou bones, I need a bit of rainfall every now and again.”
They relaxed a little when Dean pulled up outside his childhood home, the house he and Sam had inherited from his parents. He’d bought Sam out years ago, the house now solely his while Sam had enough money to put a deposit down for a house not too far away with Jessica. It all worked out perfectly, with Dean getting to keep the house he’d grown up in. It was well taken care of, because Dean was nothing if not house proud.
Turning back to the movie, Dean wondered how he was supposed to focus on the screen when his heart felt like it was going to beat right out of his chest, or like he was going to burst out into song. But he resisted the urge and soon fell back into fascination with the plot of one of his favourite movies.
Sitting in the Impala, Dean took a deep breath and considered his options. A few moments later, he sped off, heading in the complete opposite direction of the grocery store.
The smile on Dean’s face grew wider. “I’d be offended if you didn’t.” He seemed content to watch Castiel enjoy the dessert, watching with rapt interest as Castiel took a bite.
“Who’s coming?” Castiel sighed, feeling frustrated and unnerved by coming face-to-face with Dean without any prior warning. It left him with a whirlwind of emotion that he had yet to sort through. “What are you talking about?”
The next day saw Castiel pulling into his parking spot at precisely 7.40am as usual. He was in a much better mood, having made himself a thermos flask of his favourite Lady Grey tea. It wasn’t too dissimilar from Earl Grey, both black teas flavoured with citrus. Lady Grey simply took the citrus a step further and included orange and lemon peel, giving a sharpness to the palate that was perfect in the morning.
The reaction was instant and violent, and the man lashed out. Dean saw a glint of silver in the light of his torch followed by a stinging sensation in his arm.
Dean laughed, shaking his head as his hands came up to cradle Castiel’s face, thumbs sweeping over his cheekbone with a gentleness that Castiel had come to know and adore. “Because this one is for you.”
“That might be best,” came the miserable reply. “I don’t know if I’ll get through this without you but they’re horrible people. They’ll look down on you and judge you and I couldn’t bear to see that.”
. I’ve always loved you. It wasn’t me that decided it wasn’t worth it, Dean. It wasn’t me that abandoned you. I’ve always been right here.”
The thought of making them again for anyone else made him sick to his stomach. As much as he cared for Benny, he couldn’t do it. What he and Cas had shared was something special. Something that only came around once in a lifetime. He’d tried to move on, and he’d found some measure of happiness with Benny. But it wasn’t enough. As much as it pained Dean to admit it, Benny wasn’t enough.
Castiel nodded, reaching across the table and entwining his fingers with Dean’s. “What if I fail?” He asked quietly, his eyes staring down at the table.
“Cas,” Dean sighed, winding an arm around him. “Don’t worry about me. You just had a big shock, you know? You should process that.”
“Of course I am. So, now that I’ve blown your mind, do you want to head over there today? I could do with something sweet and delicious.”
“This is what you want? You’re not just rushing to be considerate or anything, right? You know you have an open invitation to stay here?”
“Charlie,” he called, spotting the redhead behind the counter along with Benny and Kevin, a student that only worked during the extra busy periods. “I need to pay for my drink the other day, but—”
He did. He really did. Castiel could imagine the look on Dean’s face if he surprised him by calling in on a weekend again, and he selfishly wanted that expression all to himself.
“Then that’s what I’ll do, but you have to call me if you get upset, Cas. If you need me for anything at all then I’ll be right there.”
He stripped off his overalls and tossed them in the washing machine with a sigh. Fixing up cars was fun when it was a hobby, but Dean knew he couldn’t be a mechanic for the rest of his life. Cars were predictable, people came in and the problems were usually the same thing. They went through the same procedure each time. He was tired of changing the oil when people were too lazy to consider it themselves.
Sam smiled softly, knowing what she was asking. “As far as the doctors can tell, he has no hearing problems.”
“Of course we will,” Dean chuckled, like it was the most obvious thing ever. “This is Heaven. Paradise forever. Wouldn’t be living up to the name if you weren’t there to watch over me.”
He almost immediately looks down, ashamed. The one thing Cas deserved to hear most was the very thing Dean couldn’t say without his tough guy personality getting in the way. The beginnings of his half-assed apology was halted by the soft press of deft fingers on either side of his face and the gravelly low whisper of Cas’ voice.
“I don’t know about you, but I honestly never thought I’d be standing here giving this speech. Dean died, or nearly died, so often it was his version of having the flu.” A couple of people chuckled politely, most of them responding with amused sideways grins. “No, but really, I watched my brother fight his way out of difficult situations, more than anyone should have to deal with in their lifetime. It wasn’t always easy or painless, and sometimes things ended ugly, but somehow Dean always managed to get back up. To know that he won’t be gearing up for any more hunts together is...well, it feels wrong.”
A huge thank you to my friend and beta reader bluntrook for helping me get through this colossus writing project. When I started writing, I didn't realize just how massive and important the story was going to be. Her ongoing encouragement, dedicated beta reading and confidence in the story I was trying to tell has meant more to me than I can put into words.
“I need to get back. Jack is looking for me…I should go and make sure that Naomi hasn’t been trying to talk him into any of her old ideas to reform Heaven.”
“Oh? You sure you want to keep that up?” He asks with a playful smirk, “‘Cause I gotta say, having an angel who’s in love with me at my beck and call? Kinda a turn on, Cas.”
“Yes, he’s healthy.” Sam replies slowly, not wanting to overwork his wife in her already exhausted state. “The doctors have a few more forms to fill out, but ultimately they said he’s okay.”
“I let you down. I let you all down. You were my family too; I cared about you, about everyone. I should have used my privileges to protect you.” He continued with a grunt, eyes flickering close for a moment while the pain passed. When he opened them again, his tone was mirthless, “I ended up being just another ‘dickless Slytherin’ like you said.”
Not to mention that their place had a side garage and a freaking front porch looking out to the west. Hell, they even had an honest-to-God white picket fence surrounding the front yard. Dean tried to keep his wisecrack opinion about that one to himself.
Beneath an old oak tree on the outskirts of town, Castiel wept into his hands, uncaring of the snot and blood that smeared across his face as he cried. He couldn’t go home yet, even though he knew his parents would be expecting him. If they saw the blood on his face, they’d know exactly what had happened.
Crowley rubbed his jaw and clicked his fingers, an ugly scowl on his face that was laced with smugness. Naturally, he wouldn’t do his own dirty work. Not when he had lackeys to do it for him.
They both had the rest of the weekend off so they could get Castiel unpacked and settled. The compromise Castiel had asked for was a more modern kitchen, so they planned to go and pick that out at the first opportunity. They were also planning to redecorate the bedroom, the paint cans sitting in the garage.
Castiel didn’t reply, and Dean sighed. This wasn’t exactly how he was expecting his moment of kindness to go.
“A millefeuille of nutmeg poached pear, rose diplomat cream and topped with a candied rose petal and a dusting of vanilla nutmeg sugar,” Dean announced proudly.
No reply. He checked the kitchen and the dining room and then made his way back upstairs. The bathroom was empty and so was the guest room. He must have gone out. Dean stuck his head into the garage and saw that the Impala was still there, secured from the elements. If Castiel had gone out, he hadn’t been driving.
Dean followed a few seconds later, adding to the mural on Castiel’s stomach from both of their come and Castiel looked up at him, sated and weary but sporting a very satisfied half-smirk. He shifted along, making room for Dean on the bed, and gratefully took it when Dean’s hand slid into his, squeezing lightly.
Castiel laughed breathlessly in response, pulling Dean in for a second kiss, and a third, and a fourth, until he lost count entirely.
,” Castiel told him firmly. “Because you’ve been perfect since we met. You were so accepting of my stupidly busy schedule for class and wouldn’t go to a party the night before I had an exam, you stayed home and helped me study.”
“I have to look after Sam now,” Dean broke the silence eventually, staring off into the distance. “Dad didn’t have a lot of money to leave us. I won’t be able to come with you to Georgetown, Cas.”
“Can I ask you a question?” Dean asked, suddenly. He didn’t want to ruin their meal or possibly make Castiel angry, but he did want to understand. “You don’t have to answer, of course.”
Castiel looked abashed and ducked his head, his bare feet shuffling on the floor. Taking pity on him, Dean kissed his forehead. “Go take a shower and I’ll heat you up some leftover lasagna. Then, it’s an hour of cuddling and watching mindless TV and that’s non-negotiable.” He gave Castiel a look when his mouth opened again. “You need to relax and watch some crappy TV and if you want to go back to studying after that, I won’t stop you.”
Castiel chewed his lip. “I have something to show you.” He eased off the couch and disappeared into the kitchen.
Dean slid his arm around Castiel’s waist from behind and pressed his chin to Castiel’s shoulder. “You know, you could just stay here with me. Move in properly, I mean and give up the apartment.”
He glances around while he’s waiting, and instantly regrets his decision. Couples, everywhere. Wrapped in each other’s arms, engrossed in their conversations, even making out in one particular case. Gross. Dean’s tempted to tell them to get a room, but even he can’t muster up the bitterness over someone else’s happiness. He’s just bitter he’ll never get his own.
The grocery store had an abundance of flavours, and Dean hovered in front of the glass doors, mulling over his choices. What flavour screamed heartbroken and pathetic?
“Really, Cas? You kissed me tonight. I declared my romantic intentions, or however you want to put it. I
Castiel shook his head, dutifully heading to the kitchen. He needed no direction. This had once been his home too. The brown paper bags were settled on the counter, and Dean wasted no time picking through them in an attempt to fill the awkward silence that had fallen upon them.
He spent a few moments deliberating and then nodded to Charlie. “Keep an eye on him, refill his wine, get him anything he asks for. Let him know I’ll bring his food out myself. I’ve been looking forward to this day for a long time.”
Castiel ignored his superior and rose from the desk, stepping out into the hallway. “Professor Winchester,” he greeted, stiffly, remembering their previous meeting. “Can I help you with something?”
Everything hurts. His headache is blinding, enough that when he cracks his eyes open, all he can see is a whirl of colours, the sides of his vision tinged with darkness. He stretches out his legs, or at least he tries to. Nothing happens. His heart begins to thud as he tries to shift his legs, but all that happens is a bolt of excruciating pain in his neck and upper back, forcing a cry to spill from his lips.
Castiel quickly found himself surrounded, four against one. Not his favourite odds, but he’d be damn sure to send a couple of them to medical before the guards came in and dragged him away. And that was exactly what he did, fists and elbows flying in a blur as the other inmates surrounded them, chanting. Most of them chanting for Castiel, although not because of any popularity contests he might have won. Everyone just hated Crowley.
He was, metaphorically speaking, at a crossroads. It was time for Dean to stop choosing Sam every single time, and to finally move on from his reliance on his family. And ironically enough, he’d run out of time to do it.
“Still, it’s weird though that he hasn’t called, you know? It’s almost like he’s, I don’t know, waiting or something…”
Eileen and Dean were especially proud of him, hanging Dean’s handmade banner in the front foyer and celebrating with a homemade cake the day he picked up his diploma. Dean would brag for weeks afterwards that his father was a big time lawyer to anyone who would listen, leaving Sam to clarify that he worked as a public defender, and no, that didn’t mean he could get them out of their speeding ticket. Eventually the novelty wore off, but Sam kept the banner tucked safely away in his private storage box out in the garage next to his brother’s old handgun, carefully wrapped in his threadbare hunting jacket.
But now things were different. Once the battle had started, he hadn’t been able to separate from his group of friends or his brother long enough to go searching, to see if Cas had fled with the rest of his ilk or stayed to fight.
He could wait. There would be time for them to make up for all the lost chances and missed opportunities. Right now though, there was a brand new world waiting for him. People to meet, friends to see, the freedom of the open road and a family to welcome him home at the end of it.
“It’s a good name. Sturdy. Powerful. Short. Like his uncle.” She signed, grinning as Sam laughed. Most days it was hard to talk about his brother without sending him into a downward spiral of guilt. It was rough, but Sam was trying to move on.
Many times Eileen had come home from a successful hunt to the two of them sitting at the dining room table, heads deep in their homework, their meals cold and forgotten at their elbows.
He gently rocks the bundle in his arms, watching his son's tiny breaths as he sleeps soundlessly. A tiny pink fist was clenching open and close next to his face as though catching butterflies in his dreams.
That had been in the middle of the night. Dawn had long since broken across the horizon, sunbeams politely cutting through the dust and smoky haze settling around the castle.
While this was going on, Sam had finally dug up his old school transcripts and applied at the local community college. On top of being a stay-at-home dad teaching his 6 year old basic math, working as a part-time student trying to earn his paralegal degree introduced Sam Winchester to a whole new level of hell. The courses were rough and he was wildly out of practice with the legal jargon, but he felt back in his element, reading court transcripts and writing essays while waiting to pick up Dean from school.
Dean can feel the shallow stinging in his hands as Cas’ damp skin pressed against the tiny, fragmentary cuts from exploded marble, but he tunes it out as he examines his friend's face. Cas has a split lip, a few minor nicks cutting over his handsome face, one rather nasty looking cut that managed to slice along his impressive cheekbone, and a splitting gash on his forehead. Dean’s thumb lightly brushes over the sticky, red blood that had run down Cas’ face, noting that the injury had stopped bleeding a while ago and was beginning to coagulate.
“This is quite the party, Samuel. And here I thought you Winchesters didn’t know how to have a good time!”
That night he told Eileen everything. About Dean’s death, about the accident in the barn, and the hunts he tried to help with in the months that followed. The werewolf case in Texas that almost ended badly because he spaced out, dealing with a coven in Las Vegas turning tricks (and not the sexy kind) and almost developing a gambling problem, merely going through the motions until a series of hauntings in Nebraska lead him to right to Kevin Tran.
It’s not long before Cas’ mouth is on him again, sucking demurely on Dean’s red, drooling head before sinking down, his free hand pumping the remaining length. Dean can vividly feel the head of his cock rubbing heavy across Cas’ tongue as he sinks further towards his goal with every other bob of his head.
“It’s true that I had hoped you would be able to live a longer life than you did; one where you could see your worth beyond hunting, full of people who cared about you and a family to look after…”
Dean drums his fingers on Baby’s hood intermittently. With a satisfied nod, he slides into the driver’s seat once more, and finally starts her up, the familiar rumbling of her engine enveloping him like a safety blanket.
“Dammit, I’m frustrated, okay, but not with you! I’m annoyed with this, us. Two grown-ass men who can’t even have an honest conversation with each other without it turning into a freakin’ argument!”
“Trust me, I know what I’m saying. I may have lived a very long life, but it was rarely a happy one. You need to cherish the moments you get to make, whether it be fortune of your own making or just dumb luck. After all, it is not the burden of the living to feel ashamed for existing and living a good life when their loved ones cannot.”
Dean knows he won’t last much longer when Cas' other hand starts caressing the inside of his thigh, making its way past his underwear and around his balls, fondling them carefully. He swears loudly, momentarily forgetting to restrain his voice. The door was still unlocked, and either the kid or Sam could come rushing in if they thought he was in trouble.
Surrounded by Cas’ heavenly heat, Dean comes with a swallowed groan, thick streaks of his seed spilling down Cas’ throat. Cas swallows with little difficulty, both hands firmly holding down Dean’s hips he finishes with an appeased shudder. He kneads his thumbs soothingly over Dean’s hip bones, pulling off slowly and deliberately to collect every last drop.
“Yeah yeah, I know…” she casually rolled her eyes at Sam’s cheesy response before checking to make sure Jody was out of earshot. “Between you and me...I don’t think she’s ready to be an empty nester yet.”
John and Mary, they had each other to look after now, to make up for all the time one family dinner couldn’t cover. Bobby no doubt had his wife to go back to, assuming that the kid hadn’t appointed him as Heaven’s greeter like some underpaid employee standing around awkwardly in the Walmart entrances. He hadn’t seen Jack, which was a bit of a letdown honestly. He practically helped raise the kid for three years and he couldn’t even get a “hello”?
Sam jumped in his seat, startled to find himself no longer alone in the vehicle. A young man in a white bomber jacket sat with perfect posture in the passenger seat, his hands on his lap, looking around the interior of the Impala with a childlike grin.
Not entirely of course. Someone still had to keep Sammy from making stupid decisions, and he couldn’t expect Eileen to shoulder that burden for the rest of eternity alone. But Dean understood. Sam wasn’t his responsibility any more. There was no need for Dean to linger around like a mother hen.
“Hmm, did that. Twice.” She held up two fingers, levelling them with an apathetic gaze. “But it didn’t work out. So I guess that means he’s stuck with me.”
Her red lips softened into an affectionate smile, “Yes well, I always did have a soft spot for ya, eh?” she teased, pinching his cheek fondly. “I heard that you were throwing a bit of a celebration and figured it was high time we had ourselves a wee chat.”
Sam followed her gaze and took another moment to appreciate his new wife, still dressed in a simple white gown that, to Sam, could have been made for royalty. Eileen was amicably chatting away with Donna and Jody, her brown locks tumbling down her back with a soft bounciness in them. He felt his face glowing with pride and smiled to himself.
Their time living there may have been brief, but they were some of the best years of Sam’s life by far. Now he couldn’t stand to be in it anymore. It was too much to  handle alone.
And just like that, the spell’s broken. Dean visibly tenses his shoulders, huffing in disbelief. He steps around the car door and closes it behind him with a loud bang. Honestly, he should be happy to see Cas standing in front of him, and yet…
Because when it really came down to it, Dean was proud of his little brother for pulling off the impossible. For moving up in the world and living out his life on his own terms. He had it made here...and sure, there had been moments when the pleasant high turned into sour bitterness, but it was never more than that; a spark of envy. He wouldn’t beguile his brother for moving on. That wasn’t who Dean was anymore. After everything they had been through, Sammy had earned the life he built without him.
“Never really cared much for the Irish myself,” Rowena sniffed, sipping her champagne. “A bunch of superstitious numpties, really. Always getting themselves in trouble with the wee fae folk and then blaming their misfortune on a harmless red-haired maiden passing through.”
Cas disappears in the blink of an eye, the sound of newly restored wings whooshing through the air with his departure, leaving Dean right where he found him. Dean tries not to focus on being left behind again, because honestly, their lives have always circled and spiraled around each other into one magnetic maelstrom of a mess. Their separation always ended up being temporary in spite of whatever disaster life threw their way.
Dean’s expression quickly changes from a broad smile to a concerned frown. “Naomi? She’s still got some kicking power around here?”
“That’s okay, we’ll work around it.” Eileen considered a moment before continuing, “Worse case, we just have to call him Junior.”
“The...thrill of getting caught. Of being able to hide your position from Sam in plain sight. Being able to get away with it.” He presses languidly, voice low. His thumb brushes over the tip of Dean’s cock and smears built-up droplets of precum over the head, earning him a deeply appreciative sound from his partner.
But Sam had already experienced what a home felt like. He had made one all those years ago at Stanford. It was more than just a roof over your head and the feeling that you could sleep safely at night. A home was a warm place, filled with people you cared about and wanted to look after.
That had been back in November. Dean hadn’t spoken to him since, refusing to acknowledge his presence altogether.
Sam knew he couldn’t stop her from hunting, but he couldn’t understand why she wouldn’t see things from his perspective. They had a perfect out, a chance to give their son a normal life away from all the fighting and fear. But Eileen was stubborn, insisting she was doing it for their family, for families like theirs that had no way of defending themselves against things that wanted to hurt them. Their arguments often left her livid, hands flying as she spoke, accusing Sam of turning a blind eye to the people who needed him. Just because they stopped hunting didn’t mean the things that go bump in the night would leave them alone.
Leave it to Cas to end up in one of the furthest wards from the courtyard where Dean had fought the onslaught of Death Eaters and their kind. He vaguely knew that the East Wing was somewhere in the same building as the dungeons. The same dungeons that the asshole Filch had escorted him and the rest of the Slytherins to after one of those green bitches had tried to have Harry Potter handed over to the Dark Lord. He caught a glimpse of Cas’ distressed face before he was corralled like a little stray sheep and herded away with the rest of them.
Older wizards pursed their lips, eying the Hufflepuff in annoyance as he tore down the corridor and barely avoided crashing into a small group of 4th years being accompanied to the makeshift Hospital ward. He paid them no mind, searching frantically in every weary face, looking only for one particular Slytherin.
The taller Winchester inhales sharply. He required a moment to separate his thoughts from his feelings. He knew without a doubt that if Dean were there, the man would be insufferable, loudly congratulating the tired new mom, slapping Sam on the back, calling for shots and declaring himself the best, fun uncle this kid could ever ask for.
Dean laughs mirthlessly, straightening Cas’ blue tie. “Yeah, of course you do. Someone’s gotta keep an eye on that kid.”
“My apologies,” the angel apologizes passively, his deep, gravelly voice carrying a raspy tune as he speaks. “I was under the impression that you enjoyed a little...dangerous thrill, I believe it’s called.”
The rhythmic slapping of Dean Winchester’s quickened footsteps reverberated against the marble corridors as he ran, clipping over the heady cries of fallen and frantic students alike in need of medical attention, of comfort, of assurance. Most of the people he encountered instinctively stepped out of his way as he weaved through the crowds, Dean muttering a half-hearted “sorry” as he passed them by. His shirt tails, rumpled and singed from battle, flew behind him as he pressed on, exposing the small of his back with each stride.
Dean wanted nothing more than the ability to say those three important words like it was nothing. But even now, standing in front of Cas, he found his big mouth failing him.
So despite the primal urge to chase his own pleasure, Dean releases his hold after a moment, relishing the smooth suction as Cas pulls off only to sink right back down into that blessed heat once again.
Within 10 minutes of the fight, Sam found himself unlocking the creaky backdoor and paying Baby a visit.
Still, he invited all the hunters and friends to a gathering at the Bunker. Open bar, potluck feast, a Spotify playlist of Sabbath covers playing in the background. Just like Dean had asked for all those years ago. He drew the line at calling up Gary Busey and asking him to read a eulogy, though.
“The guy came by a while ago. We chatted for a bit, he hung up his trench coat, left, and I went back to scoring us a case.”
For the first time ever, Dean Winchester was on his own, with no directions, no orders, and no purpose. He was finally a free man with free will, exactly what he had fought for...except now he wasn’t sure what to do with all of it.
And the worst part was not even knowing if Dean was at peace. After everything, pissing off Heaven and Hell, averting a few pre-planned Apocalypses and ganking enough soldiers on both sides, what had happened to Dean?
Sam regarded the female hunter solemnly. His lungs felt heavy while his mind raced around frantically. Eileen reached out to him and instinctively clasped his massive hand in her smaller one, feeling his normally steady grasp shaking gently beneath her affectionate touch. His nerves tingling at the harsh comfort of contact.
“This is your last chance to change your mind, you know. Once you leave it’s going to belong to the Wayward Sisters.”
“Seriously, I’m going to be pissed if you show up here in a week and decide you’ve had a change of heart, old man.”
Sam had already given up so much for Dean when they were alive. He knew, even when Sam kept it from him, how many damned times his brother had chosen him over and over again instead of the normal life he’d dreamed about as a kid.
“Yes, it is.” Cas urges without raising his voice. He steps into Dean’s personal space before adding, “And I think you know that.”
This development in their relationship was still new to both of them; Dean hadn’t ever felt unashamed of being physical with another man beyond trading handjobs or a blowjob when the occasion called for it. And Cas...well, they had time to get him up to speed. Besides, what Cas lacked in experience, he more than made up for in his proficiency in human anatomy.
“Yeah? That sounds like him,” he replies evenly, swallowing a sip of beer carefully. “Trying to make the world a better place for the people he cares about.”
“Fuck,” he grits out, easing open his clenched fist as he uses the desktop to keep himself propped up. He was so freakin’ lucky that Cas hadn’t pulled a stunt like that while Sam was in the room.
The years wore on. Dean flourished well in and out of school, slowly growing into his awkward teen phase and waiting for his voice to drop so he could finally join Aunty Claire and the other Wayward Sisters on one of their “beginner” hunts. Eileen, in turn, began turning down opportunities to hunt one by one until eventually people stopped asking altogether. Sam’s job paid well and he fought well, earning him a reputation in and out of the community as the guy to go to if you ever found yourself in a spot of trouble with the law. He even extended his contact information to hunters that drove through, running a legal gig on the side to keep the law off of their backs while they were out there saving the people under it.
“So what’s the problem? That’s what you wanted, right? You wanted him to stop riling you up and getting you to call him sunshine every day.”
Dean heaved his suitcase up the stairs, swiping at his brow. California wasn’t as hot as he’d expected, at least in the Bay Area. Still, the act of lugging most of his worldly possessions up the stairs of his new dorm room, his home for the next year, was hard work. To add insult to injury, Stanford didn’t provide air conditioning.
Castiel burst through the doorway and closed it behind him, panting heavily, his eyes manic. He looked like he was a step away from tears. In a flash, Dean rose from his chair, crossing the room and pulling him in for a hug.
“You ready to go?” Dean appeared beside him suddenly, minus his apron, and Castiel’s cheeks flooded with embarrassment. He’d barely been aware of where he was, all his focus had been on his soup.
They lapsed into silence again and Castiel continued to stroke Dean’s hair, hoping to convey any comfort he could through touch alone.
When the liquid was heated and nicely thickened and caramelised, Dean added the crêpes, deftly folding them into little triangles that were liberally coated in the sauce. They could have been served as they were, but Castiel’s arm was now knocking against his, and he was clearly expecting the theatrics of the flambé, so Dean obliged.
He felt his pulse slow, his breathing regulating over the next minute, and then the door opened to reveal Dean standing behind it, chest heaving like he’d ran a marathon.
Dean stared at him. “And I suppose your ringtone is more of this shit?” He gestured vaguely, and Castiel knew it was a direct snub towards the current ambience that his classical music was creating. He scowled, rising once again and walked around his desk, plucking the phone off the surface and pressing it into Dean’s hand.
Realisation dawned and dealt a crushing blow, snuffing out the hope that had dared to spark in Castiel’s chest, like dousing a match with a bucket of cold water. “You’re saying we pretend to be together for this study so we can get paid.” It wasn’t a question, and understanding came with no relief. Just devastation.
Though the day itself was warm, the heat that radiated from inside Morning Sunshine was welcome, the chill that seemed to have begun settling in Castiel’s bones momentarily fading away.
He left the restaurant without looking back, his head bowed so nobody could see the tears that were threatening to spill.
Dean blinked. He opened his mouth but closed it again when he realised he didn’t know how to react to that. It was news to him that Castiel was even looking for an apartment, let alone had gone to view one.
But he replays the words he’d overheard from his doctor, over and over in his head. He’ll never walk again. Never drive Baby. Never even get to take Castiel to bed again, not the way he used to, or carry him over the threshold on their wedding day.
The response was flat. “We’re running out of money, Dean. You know it. I know it. Another month or so and we’ll be broke. We should consider taking Mary’s offer and moving in with her.”
Pulling back, Castiel looked at Dean with fondness and pride. “Good,” he murmured softly. “Is your seatbelt on?”
Dean’s expression cleared and he looked mildly interested, even excited. His eyes darted around, looking for something that Castiel might have hidden.
Dean let those words sink in for a moment as he scrubbed at a particularly stubborn plate. “Do I need to be put in a good mood for this conversation? Is the idea of more than a handjob repulsive to you? I mean…” he paused. “Okay, I’m just gonna go with it. I went to Charlie’s LGBT+ meeting and I did a lot of research into asexuality. I hope you know that I don’t think any different of you. We don’t have to have sex, I just want us to talk about it so I know what your boundaries are. I mean obviously you’re okay with handjobs since we’ve done that… Hey, what’s funny?”
“I don’t know.” Castiel stood, wringing his hands together with his eyes fixed on the space between them. “I just know that it felt wrong to let you leave. I’ve thought about you so often since I left.”
Castiel blinked in confusion, and then he registered Gabriel’s meaning. “Gabriel, what happened? You—you can’t just leave. They don’t hate you—"
That’s when he feels the seatbelt draped over his chest. Right, he was in the Impala, on his way home. He must have crashed. As soon as Dean thinks it through, he remembers. He’d swerved to avoid hitting something in the road – a dog, maybe – and the car had flipped.
Waiting curiously, Dean wondered whatever this surprise could be. His confusion only increased as Castiel reached for the morning newspaper, flicking through it as he settled on the floor at Dean’s feet. When he reached the classifieds, he stopped and passed the section up to Dean.
He felt nervous as Castiel nodded, taking a deep breath. What was so bad that Castiel felt nervous about telling him? Had his ex-partner turned up? Had Castiel decided to go back to him?
“That’s my wife you’re makin’ insinuations about, Winchester, don’t make me teach you some manners!” Benny called after him, but Dean just snorted and waved him off. He knew Benny didn’t mean it. That was the best thing about their partnership. They were friends too. When Andrea and Benny eventually conceived, Dean would be godfather. Benny was like a brother to him as much as Sam was.
“Yes, we do,” Dean tells him, his voice cracking. “Yeah, we do, Cas. I know I’ve always felt like you were mine, but I never had the slightest hope. We’ll find out for sure if you like, but I know. How I feel about you is all the proof I need.”
Dean inclines Cas’ gently sloping face to allow himself more access to those soft, chapped lips, eagerly pursuing the soft moans emitting from Cas’ throat with a hungry fervor. He feels a hand slip to the back of his neck, drawing him in closer and deeper. Dean’s knees threaten to buckle under the sweet, provocative sensation of kissing Cas, but it isn’t until the other man hisses at the contact of his split lip that Dean finds it in him to pull away.
“How could I ask, Dean, when you always seemed to brush off any attempt I made to show you how much I cared?”
He inhales deeply, squeezing the angel’s shoulders thoughtfully. Cas’ posture stiffens in anticipation under Dean’s touch.
“I’ve already told you how I feel about you Dean. That hasn’t changed since I returned to Heaven.” He tells the hunter, his grip sliding down the sleeve of Dean’s dark trucker jacket. “Even if you can only see me as your friend, I will be here beside you. If you still want me around, of course. My days are better with you and Sam in them.”
He grins sadly. “But you would come back to us every time, and when you did, it... it felt like I could breathe again. I should’ve appreciated you more man.”
Cas starts pulling away reluctantly from his side, mumbling some sort of apology or something about duty that Dean didn’t quite catch. It was almost as if Cas was afraid that if he left, if he stopped being near Dean...everything, all of this, would cease to exist.
“Couldn’t tell you, man. Maybe he needed some space? Maybe Jack has him so tied up and busy running Heaven 2.0 that he hasn’t had time for niceties. All I know is that the guy made it out of Angel Superhell without us.”
He turned around and took a couple steps away from the angel, rubbing his eyes and feeling his frustration give way to weariness with a grunt.
Dean wants to roll his eyes, because of course Cas can carry out a conversation as though he hadn’t almost been caught by the younger Winchester with Dean’s dick in his mouth.
Sam exited the car and looked at the property with a worrying sense of deja-vu. The last time he had pulled up in front of her house he had also been in a state of blind panic. Sure, Dean had been driving that night, but Sam was about as conscious of his surroundings then as he had been moments ago.
“Yeah, I get that. I do, Cas. I just...I’ll be here waiting for you.” He declares, snaking his arm around Cas’ sides with a wry grin. “Then it’ll just be us. No running Heaven, no hunting, no Naomi or the holy flock of angels. You, me, together. Xena and Gabrielle.”
“…really, Cas? Seriously?” he groans, “Did you honestly believe that I cared so little for you that I was gonna throw away over a decade of history, of us, just ‘cause you were honest with me?”
“No, that’s not- dammit Cas, stop!” He demanded, turning back and resisting the urge to shake the other man by his shoulders. “Stop with the babying! Stop acting like you need to apologize for being your own person!”
The old man tried tirelessly to keep his eyes open and focused on the door to his room, but his mind isn’t as sharp as it used to be. He often finds his eyes wandering around the room, taking it all in; there on the shelf was his collection of spellbooks from the redhead witch, useless now to him, and next to them sat a little green plastic soldier rescued at long last from the Impala’s ashtray. After that came the diploma above the dresser, with grainy snapshots jammed into the corner of the mirror. Cards, books and letters from old friends long gone. Memories, all of them. He would do this until he remembered that he was supposed to be watching the door, turning his blinking gaze back to the door once more.
“Well, I’m sorry it was all for nothing. Looks like I was always meant to cash in early, huh?” he jokes, his tone flat and bleak.
He doesn’t know what time it is or the name of the street he’s currently pulled over on. He’s not even sure he knows how long he’s been behind the wheel of the car, but judging by the aching cramp in his hands, he hasn’t let go of the steering wheel for hours. His hunter’s instincts kicked into autopilot to assess his current situation: he’s not covered in blood, he’s aware of his surroundings, he doesn’t smell sulphur in the car cabin or hear a jeering voice in his head, and his anti-possession sigil tattoo on his chest is still intact. He firmly concludes that he wasn’t possessed by a demon.
Some nights, when he was left lying awake staring at the ceiling, Sam couldn’t help but imagine the worst case scenario.
And fuck, the thought of getting caught should not be as thrilling as his dick seems to think it is.
“No no, it’s...great to see you again, Rowena.” he stammered, “I just didn’t think we would be crossing paths again, now that you’re running Hell and everything.”
Dean felt a painful throb in his chest at the sincerity of Cas’ words. Part of him wanted to quip back in sarcasm, but there was a newer part of him that wanted to desperately believe in the confidence Cas always saw in him for once. It was getting harder and harder to keep his emotions under control, but he couldn’t lose face here. Not now.
The shorter Winchester regards his brother for a moment, practically hearing the gears turning in Sam’s head as his nerdy little brother tries to come up with a logical explanation. Because, c’mon, it was weird for Cas not to reach out to them already. Maybe Cas was overwhelmed with his new responsibilities like Dean had suggested, but the whole thing just seemed off to him. Even when Cas was fighting a civil war against Raphael, he still found the time to answer the Winchesters’ calls when they needed him. Hell, he was hexed by Rowena and hunted down by rogue angels, and still the idiot had called to make sure that Dean was okay.
“Dude, gross.” Sam crossed his arms, trying and failing to repress memories of accidentally walking in on Dean in various forms of undress, more often than not accompanied with another, curvier nude body. “I was just digging through some more of the Men of Letters stores. I think I found some pretty heavyweight stuff. Cursed jewelry, illegible books. I think we might even have one of the Dead Sea Scrolls.”
He shook his head dismissively, “I don’t know...sometimes it feels like I don’t deserve to be so happy, you know? I just got lucky.”
Dean leans back slowly and lets go of Cas’ hands, his stiff muscles relaxing. He takes a risk and tentatively cups the side of Cas’ jaw, delighting in the way he can make the angel’s breath hitch from the sudden gentle contact, feeling the smooth stubble of his 5’oclock shadow brush against his skin as Cas exhales deeply and leans into his touch like a cat. He chuckles silently to himself, touching his forehead to the angel’s.
Threading his fingers into Cas’ dark hair, Dean softens Cas’ uneven bobbing to a casual pace. Despite his reputation and penchant for one night stands, Dean Winchester liked it slow. He enjoyed the experience and savoured the feeling of every drawn out wave of pleasure. Not that he would ever admit it out loud.
“A part of me keeps thinking he’ll walk in at any moment, all bow-legged and obnoxious, cracking open a beer with a smile and loudly joking about having to crash his own funeral.” A light-hearted laughter flowed through the crowd of hunters, some nodding along that yeah, that sounded like something Dean Winchester would do.
Finally seated, he slowly reached out to grip the steering wheel in front of him. The leather was worn and stiff under his hands, the edges digging into his palms as his grip tightened.
As he got out, a smirk was playing at the corner of his lips. He stared down at the Impala, sitting innocuously underneath the warm sunlight. He gently rapped her hood with his knuckles and made his way towards the house with a lighter stride, his eyes shining and Jack’s promise playing over and over in his mind.
“So what, you waited until I spilled my guts before deciding whether it was safe to pop back in and say hi?”
“He’s beautiful,” Sam tells her, signing with one hand as he does. “Like his mom. Beautiful and sleepy.”
Castiel didn’t respond, but his lively attitude from moments ago had suddenly lost what little vigor it had. His shoulders slumped and his eyes cast down mournfully, averting his gaze.
“But what about the demons? Last time Dean and I were in Hell, they were talking about an uprising…”
“Okay, maybe not. We will figure it out together, Sam. You, me, and Dean.” She points to each of them in turn before forming the letter “F” and using her hands to trace the shape of an outward circle.
“You know…” he said tightly. “Then what the hell was the point? If I was always meant to die on a hunt from some freak accident, then what was the point of your sacrifice? Of taking out Chuck, tearing up the script and writing our own destinies instead?”
“To Dean. The greatest older brother I could ask for, and one of the damn best hunters that ever lived.”
“I’m pretty good. Heaven is keeping me very busy, now that it’s under my care. Apparently it takes more than just deciding to change how Heaven runs, so there’s always something to do. Oh, and I’m making angels again! Proper ones this time.” He replies brightly. “I’m trying to do good, building a better place for humans to live in once they’ve done their best down here.”
His brother gives him a rough pat on the back, holding him close before breaking away. A weight lifts off of Sam as they break the hug.
“I know I did, but you didn’t- forget it, that’s not the point here,” replies the hunter, trying to pick up the fallen pieces of his dignity.
“So you just...gave up? Just like that? And so, what? You don’t think you deserve to be loved?” Dean asked, tone sharp.
“It’s good to see you,” he says, pulling back with a smile. “Now, what’s this I hear about you naming your kid after me? How’d you manage to let Sammy talk you into that one?”
Because that's what Heaven 2.0 is meant to be; a place of reconciliation, where you can (finally) be with the people you love.
“I don’t whether this praying stuff still works, seeing that it’s heaven and all…but you, ah, didn’t leave me a forwarding number to call you, so this is all I got.”
“Relax, Sammy,” Dean snickered, waving a hand at his little brother and turning fully towards his open laptop, leaning against the wooden desk top and indicating that the conversation had run its course. “If he pops in again, I’ll send him your way. And I’ll tell him to wear his scandalous trench coat so you won’t be traumatized.”
A few years after Dean’s birth, Eileen took up hunting again despite Sam’s attempts to talk her out of it. He listed all the obvious reasons: they had a nice, settled life here in the suburbs, Dean was still growing and wouldn’t understand why his mother was suddenly missing, he was next to useless compared to her when it came to keeping their son happy, and anyway, there were plenty of new hunters cropping up all the time. She didn’t have to hunt.
“That’s why I waited until Sam had left and put a considerable distance between us before attempting it. That, and I’d rather not trouble him with the unwelcomed sight of walking in on us.” Dean feels the smooth, warm palm of Cas’ hand deftly picking up where his mouth left off.
Sure, it was under new management, but even Rowena couldn’t risk her position as the Queen to protect him forever. Eventually, the demons would win.  Eventually, Dean Winchester would be put back on the rack to suffer at the hands of the very monsters he fought his whole life against, taunting them with sarcastic one-liners before delivering the killing blow.
He informed them that he had already burned Dean’s body himself. After everything the brothers had been through together, it didn’t seem right to have anyone else around. He wanted to do it alone.
“Fine. I’m- I’m fine Jack, thank you.” He coughed, sitting up straighter. “So, where is he? I mean, if I’m allowed to ask?”
“But you tried, you actually listened to what I said, and for once you seemed to take my words to heart. Do you really think so little of yourself that you’d let an unreasonable expectation of who you are make you unhappy?”
But then what? When the ride was over and the journey ended, what did he have waiting for him at the end? Where was his
“You’re honest with yourself when you think that you’re alone…” He risks a glance at Dean’s face, checking to see if  he had stepped out of line. “Jack told me...after I let the Empty take me, how you kept to yourself. That you just bottled it all up, not even admitting to Sam what really happened. I wanted you to be able to get everything out in the open. To allow yourself a chance to be honest. To deal with your emotions...despite your habit of ignoring them.”
Cas nods, but Dean notices how his lips purse together and his brow furrows. Dean smirks proudly at the sight of the silently pouting angel still nestled between his legs, sliding his hand down from his hair to cup the underside of his stubbled jaw. He brushes the pad of his thumb fondly over the ridge of Cas’ defined cheekbone. “Does that make you jealous?”
“In my defense, I have found from experience that it is unwise to disrupt you midway through your tirades. I didn’t want to, uh, ‘step on your moment’,” he said, quoting the words with his fingers, “as it were.”
Cas stops lapping up at his now softening cock, his hands resting on Dean’s knees to keep himself upright. Cas’ breathing was, honestly, far too controlled for the level of exertion he just went through. Dean ran his fingers through dark tufts now messed to high hell where Dean had raked his fingers previously, trying to smooth them down, distantly aware of the angel leaning into his touch.
If it hadn’t been for Eileen, Sam wasn’t sure he would have been able to hold it together himself either.
Panting hard together, Dean rests his head forehead against Cas’ with a soft thunk. Cas chuckles deeply, the pads of his fingers deftly running through the short hairs along the nape of his neck.
“Easy on the teeth there, tiger.” He chides, finally acknowledging the dark haired man hiding in the shadows under his desk. He locks eyes with Cas, peering up at him from between his legs as the other man languidly pulls off his hardened cock with a soft pop.
“He’s good too. We’re all-” he cuts himself off, swallowing hard, “...we’re going to come out of this okay.” He finishes, unwilling to trust his words beyond that.
“So...I guess I’ll just, what, wait for you to pop back unexpectedly?” he encourages, trying to seem casual as he leans back against Baby.
They had agreed to cremate her instead of a burial service with a headstone. A proper and legal hunter’s funeral. The same thing that awaited him.
He ignored the burn of his lungs, guilt and worry pushing him forward towards the emptying corridor. The two of them hadn’t spoken in months... not since Dean had ended things between them.
The subject of their conversation now seemed irrelevant, considering he had no idea how it led to his current situation, but Dean Winchester was not about to let minor questions like how or why get in the way of a blowjob.
“And when you died...I just saw red. I let my anger take over. You were your own person with your own choices, and it wasn’t fair to honour your memory like that. I shouldn’t have used your death as an excuse to justify my anger.”
Sam could have kissed her right then and there if he hadn’t found exceptional enjoyment in watching those hardened, seasonal hunters sheepishly laugh and blunder away with their tails between their legs.
Dean lets out a shaky breath that turns into a weak laugh. The tension he had been carrying since last night was at long last released as he slumped over, his body threatening to collapse onto Cas in relief. He shifts his grip on the man’s shoulder to Cas’ face, patting the Slytherin’s stubbled cheek with a little more force than intended.
That Dean’s deepest fear had become a reality. That despite all his good deeds, all the lives he saved and the world he had fought to defend, his soul had still been dragged to Hell.
Just as he twists the key in the ignition, about to rev up Baby’s engine and head out, Dean catches a flicker of motion from his peripheral on the left. He instinctively reaches into the empty pocket that once held his ivory-plated Colt .45. When his eyes discover a familiar tan trench coat outside the car window, Dean freezes, too stunned to move.
Dean chuckles slowly, now glad that he made Cas watch Police Academy and that the guy had, in fact, been paying attention to the movie after all.
Eileen cradled Sam’s face with her small hands as she babbled, apologizing for leaving him behind, for not saying goodbye, for not being able to tell him how much he meant to her. Sam listens, soaking in her voice, her soft touch, pressing their foreheads together and promising her it was all okay, they were together again, that she wasn’t getting rid of him that easily. She laughed in their kiss, hiccupping once as tears began to overwhelm her. Sam kissed her again and again, wiping away her tears with giant, tender hands and soothing words, holding her close. Eileen soon closes her eyes and leans into his enveloping hug, rejoicing privately that this hadn’t been taken from them. They held each other for a long, blissful moment as though nothing else in heaven existed but the two of them.
He may only be able to taste the molecules rather than the salty musk of Dean’s release, but it was still Dean’s essence. A quintessential part of the human he loved. Cas wouldn’t see any of it go to waste.
The two of them fell into a comfortable chat about the state of Hell and the effect of her “No Deals” policy up on Earth. Now that there were less demon deals to look out for, hunters were finding new ways to handle the hundreds of unemployed demons walking around.
“Oh, so you just let me carry on then? That’s nice, that’s real great…” Dean accuses, dragging his hand over his face before crossing his arms defensively in front of him. Cas shifts his weight from side to side.
“Dean, I’m being serious. One day soon, we’ll have time to discuss all of this. To pick up the pieces and...make up for lost time. But right now, Heaven still needs me, and I have an obligation to help Jack succeed in bringing about a new period of peace. I owe all of them that much.”
After taking him in and retrieving his things from the car, letting the frantic dog out of the back seat and locking up Baby behind her, Eileen made sure that Sam ate and took breaks between phone calls. She didn’t even hesitate to snatch the phone out of his hands and take over the conversation the moment Sam looked spent.  She brushed away his concerns with a subtle head shake and made the sign for “it’s fine” when he tried to apologize.
She waved a hand to get his attention before signing, “Everything is okay?” expectantly. There was a hint of worry in her question, something a new parent picks up and carries with them until their final breath.
“Because I know you, Dean. At least, the person you are at heart. I have always seen you for who you are, and not who Heaven and Hell wanted you to be.”
Sam’s lips twitched into a quick smile. It had been well over 20 years since he had last seen the nephilim he once considered as a son. He was pleased to find that Jack had lost none of his boyish optimism and positive outlook on life.
, he thought. He had said his piece and reached out to Cas like Sam had suggested. Ball was back in Cas’ court now. It was up to the angel whether or not he wanted to take one last risk with the emotionally-constipated excuse of a human.
wasn’t prepared to deal with your feelings. Or what acknowledging those feelings would mean. For me.” He clarifies, clearing his throat before continuing, “Because if I did, I’d have no choice but admit that I cared about you in a way that guy friends just...don’t do. In a way I didn’t think you could feel. And I couldn’t deal with that knowing you were saying goodbye.”
The panic attacks came and went as they pleased. Some nights he lies curled into himself in a cold sweat with Eileen at his back, whispering comforting things with her soothing voice. Other times he finds himself sharply pulling over to the side of the freeway, clutching the steering wheel and trying to get his breathing under control.
It had been a few days since Sam showed up at Eileen’s front door with the weight of the world on his shoulders. He doesn’t remember much after he crumpled into her arms and wept into her shoulder, silently screaming into her damp flannel shirt, and suffocating with each breath he took. Just that he woke up with her arms still around him.
Before he could muster the courage to call out to him, he heard his brother’s low voice call out over his shoulder like a long-forgotten dream.
Throughout it all, old hunter friends came by to visit whenever they were passing through town, always finding the Winchester house an open door for some down time and good company.
“Then I guess I’ll just have to make the most out of this,” he reckoned, looking at the world around him. “Think of it as retirement, maybe go through my bucket list. Assuming I can still do some of them up here...say, you wouldn’t happen to know if this Heaven has any policies on-”
“Girls’ club, boys’ club, whatever you want. Just as long as it’s being lived in and used to help people who need it,” he smiles, holding out the lacquer box for the young hunter to take.
He grunted in amusement, but his shoulders still slumped forward. Rowena pursed her scarlet red lips together into a thin line and narrowed her eyes at him.
Eileen observed him from the hospital bed and somehow seemed to know where his mind had wandered to.
Then there had been Bobby, their Bobby, waiting for him like freaking Obi-Wan Kenobi. Telling him how the place worked, how the...love and memories kept it real, that the kid pulled some serious muscle to make the place more than just a retirement home for your golden years. That Cas had a hand in it too.
Sam wheezed out a breath of air trying to look up at his son and had to stifle a small cough for his efforts.
Dean laughed to himself; here he was, an unattached drifter who finally wanted to settle down somewhere to call his own.
He settled back into his seat, trying to ease the cramp out of his right hand by flexing his long fingers and massaging the palm with his opposite thumb in deep, slow circles to get the blood flowing. The last thing he really remembered was watching the last of the high amber flames dying out into flickers of orange and red as the funeral pyre was reduced to nothing more than a pile of glowing embers and smoking ash. After that, it’s all just a collection of vague flashes. Putting out the last, stubborn cinders just like he was taught, to avoid risking a forest fire. Making his way back to the Impala alone. The Otterhound bopping his hand with his cold, wet nose, politely asking for a head scratch. Gripping the steering wheel but not turning the key in the ignition. Filling up at a modern gas station and handing some underpaid student a few crinkled bills. Lights flashing in his peripheral; whites, yellows, reds and dissonant blues, fading away in the distance.
. I can’t even believe I’m hearing this. He had a knife, Dean. A knife! Nobody who carries a blade like that is carrying it for a good reason.”
The line at the bakery was far longer than Castiel had ever seen it, stretching out through the doors and down the street. Dozens of patrons, businessmen and women alike, homeless people, soccer moms, all lining up around the block.
Castiel could feel Dean’s eyes on him as he eventually broke the silence. “About the way they treated him.” It wasn’t a question.
Castiel approached the trunk of the towering oak tree and peered around the side. Dean was sitting on the floor, his back against one of the lifted roots. Silent sobs were shaking his shoulders.
“She’s a 1967 Chevy Impala and she was halfway through having a boot on her front tire because of you!” Dean jabbed his finger aggressively in Castiel’s direction, but Castiel paid no heed. Everything quickly fell into place and he folded his arms with a vicious scowl.
Sometimes Dean swears that Cas was made for him and then he remembers the stupid broken timers on their wrist that means they both weren’t made for anyone.
Dean swore and ran a hand through his hair. “We had that on Thursday! Okay, you’re eating every meal with me from now on. No more skipping.”
Tessa raises an eyebrow. “Oh, Castiel doesn’t stay with you. You push him away, drinking more and more often to block out the pain. He tries to stick it out, but eventually leaves you when you forget your daughter’s fifth birthday party.”
Shaking himself out of his daydream, Dean headed through to the bathroom to wash up so he could get a start on dinner before Castiel got home. Passing through the bedroom, he stopped at the sight of the figure on the bed, curled up in the dark.
Dean rose instinctively. His heart was thudding in his chest at Castiel’s presence. They’d already agreed they shouldn’t see each other before the ceremony to stick with tradition, even if they didn’t believe in the superstition of it being bad luck. The fact that Castiel was breaking that had to be very bad.
“I tried, Cas. I really did. I even got a contract job outside of hunting, had the papers signed and everything. God,” he mumbled, shaking his head, “I didn’t even get a chance to tell Sam before I left…”
It seemed wrong that life should continue on as normal while Dean’s fresh ashes lay scattered along the forest floor.
He smiled at Dean instead, proud of the man Dean had become. Proud of the life Dean had lead, of the things he accomplished, and the time they had shared on Earth.
There wasn’t a single person within the Bunker walls who hadn’t experienced how  loyal and caring Dean had been, and it made his loss all the more tougher to swallow.
Softly, she touched his arm. “Oh Sam…of course you do. What, just because Dean is gone, you’re not allowed to enjoy some moments of happiness? No,” she insisted, turning back to face the party, “your brother would raise quite a stink if he could hear you say that, and at your own wedding no less!”
Silence falls heavily in Dean’s room until it’s finally broken with a sharp, delightfully hissing intake of breath.
“Nope, fuck it, this is something I gotta do.” Dean scrunches his face in frustration, the lines of his brow deepening. “I couldn’t say anything when I was alive, and I’ll be damned if I don’t say it when I’m dead.”
It starts as nothing more than an awkward pressing of lips together, cautious and asking a question Dean can’t find the words for. He’s not sure whether he’s more thrilled or surprised that Cas chases his touch, and not a half second later that he’s replying in kind, gently but firmly kissing back.
Dean licks his bottom lip nervously and resists the urge to take a step back, trying not to look bothered by the sudden closeness.
He cleared his throat as he approached, giving them ample time to disentangle themselves before wrapping Eileen in a broad hug of his own.
“Cas, I…” he began, unsure how to properly translate the complexity of his feelings into real, actual words. Feeling he had been raised to repress. Feelings that, honestly, still scared the shit outta him.
“Not to mention that you are stubborn to the point of stupidity. I’m not a mind reader, Dean, and even if I was, you would have issues about me ‘getting in your head’. It’s hard enough trying to navigate your temper whenever you feel the need to defend your own ego-” But there he stopped, suddenly, as if remembering what the argument was really about. Cas takes another steadying breath, and continues. “You are by far, the most frustrating human I have ever known. And I...I didn’t want to lose you,” he adds, in a small voice.
“You left, but you didn’t give me a chance to stop you this time.” He gritted out. “And I couldn’t handle that. But I’m not really mad at you Cas, and I-I need you to understand that. I want you to know that it’s okay. That
He slides into the driver’s seat of the Impala in a familiar move, but stops himself before closing the door. The cool evening air brushes against his face, the door creaking softly against the gentle breeze.
Dean had been hitching mumbled praises to Cas’ name in between stifled moans of pleasure, but now he began repeating it imploringly, babbling as Dean felt himself barreling towards the end. Cas, the perceptive sonofabitch, began increasing his pace and bobbing shallowly around the base of Dean’s cock, the muscles of his throat engulfing Dean in a tight heat.
The boy closed his eyes, furrowing his brow. “In Heaven, but not in the place where I left him.” Jack responded, his eyebrows still pressed together in concentration.
Because come on, his brother had literally lived a all-american apple pie life without him. Just like Sammy had always wanted. He probably could have been happier for his brother if his mind didn’t keep reminding him that it was all possible because Dean had stepped out of the picture.
“Sammy, we’ve discussed this. If the door’s closed, you gotta knock.” He complained. “Otherwise I can’t guarantee you’re gonna walk in on something PG-13.”
He keeps imagining the same thing over and over again, wondering what he could have done differently that night. He should have called for help. He could have gotten the kit out of the Impala and patched his brother up long enough for them to get to the nearest hospital. He should have decapitated that vamp sooner before they got a chance to get the jump on Dean.
Dean paused mid-typing, shooting Sam a glance over his shoulder. He leaned back and slid an arm around the top of his chair to look at his younger brother.
Dean chuckled to himself. A “profound bond”, Cas had called it. It wasn’t as though Dean had been blind to what Cas had done for them, he just hadn’t known what he was looking at exactly.
They stood there like that for a long moment, holding each other in the peaceful quiet of twilight. Dean wasn’t sure how much time had passed since he said goodbye to Sam and Eileen. Time felt different up here, just like Bobby said. Seconds like this could feel like a lifetime and still seem too short.
Sam had withstood a lot of pain in his life. He had been torn into by Apocalypse vamps, had his fingernails removed by a sweet and plumpy woodland nymph named Mrs. Butters, tortured by literal Satan himself for over a century in the cage...he had been stabbed, shot, impaled, had his head bashed in more times than a football player, and had taken a herculean beating from God himself. And yet, somehow, all that paled in comparison to Eileen’s white-knuckled grip on his hand throughout her labor in the early hours of the morning.
fucking whimper like a lovestruck heroine in those sappy movies Sam liked to watch (that Dean honestly didn’t dislike as much as he protested). “Fuck, Cas…” he mumbles, inhaling deeply. He cradles the tanned wrists framing his face with a cautious touch. “You deserve it. You deserve to hear me say it back.”
Hours later, after they had said their goodbyes to John and Mary, Dean had helped Sam and Eileen settle into their new home which, according to Eileen, was a near exact replica of the house they bought together. It was...well, it was perfect.
That had been the last case Sam had handled before handing the keys of the Bunker over to Claire. He couldn’t bring himself to hunt after that.
Dean doesn’t think he’s ever felt so much love in his life as he feels in this moment, and while that thought alarms him, it also fills him with the most heavenly, comforting ease. And when Cas’ eyes flick open in confusion and he tilts his head to the side, concerned with his silence, Dean can’t help but smile.
Jack hadn’t aged a day, whereas Sam knew he looked older than he felt. No one had understood his desire to grow out his grey hair and not dye it. Even Eileen would gently tease him, calling it his “Old Man Party Town” wig. But Sam just couldn’t find it in himself to cut it.
He bows his head, remembering the days following their final stand against Chuck. There had been moments where Dean had let his anger get the better of him, where he had called Cas everything short of a coward for leaving Dean to deal with the aftermath of his confession alone. To re-evaluate everything he thought he had known about the angel. For leaving his life with an empty, Cas-shaped-hole and no hints on how to fix it.
In the Bunker, Sam stood alone at the side of the room, nursing a beer and observing the life around him. The mingling sounds of laughter, idle chatter, and a few shed tears bounced off the thick Bunker walls. He maps out familiar faces and the not-so familiar ones as people wander around, sharing their favourite hunting stories about Dean or arguing amongst themselves whether or not Dean Winchester had
Having said that, looking at the round pink face of their son wrapped up in a blue blanket made it all worth it. Judging by the way Eileen tiredly crossed her arms over her chest for the sign of “love”, she seemed to be of the same mind.
Sam had been leaning against the side of the house, looking out into the expansive backyard he and Eileen had paid a hefty amount to call their own when he heard her familiar Scottish drawl beside him. He startled, nearly spilling his drink as he turned to face her.
After a moment Jack’s eyes fluttered open, but his gaze was far away. Sam caught the quick flash of gold around his irises as he spoke.
Dean shakes his head with a soft no. “No, Cas, you’re not. You’re different from the rest of them. You always have been. Because you came back.” He tells him, studying the man below him. “Just like I knew you would.”
An old man laid back in his bed, listening to the machines beep and whirl around his head. The air was stale with the scent of hospital-grade disinfectant. Above him, hanging on the hospice walls, are the smiling faces of his family looking down on him, keeping him company.
Everything was going well until the conversation turned to the subject of Sam’s luck, finding such a wholesome spot to start a family of his own. The edges of his smile dipped down for half a second, but Rowena’s sharp eyes were still as impeccable as always.
The angel hesitated. “I wasn’t sure that my presence would be exactly welcomed, given how we parted ways the last time. I was afraid that seeing me again might give you a change of heart.”
Sam stared at the kid in wonder and awe, his chest filling up with emotion. Despite himself, he gets choked up and turns away. His adopted-son reaches out his hand and pats his shoulder gently, soft blue eyes watching him mindfully.
“What’s with that expression now, boy? You look like you’ve seen a ghost!” she teased, her honeyed tone implicitly matching her stunning red pantsuit. Despite her slim and susceptible appearance, Rowena radiated a power and confidence that nearly toppled Sam over.
“He did,” she hums in agreement. “Jack has been doing his best to make this a place worth living for. And Castiel’s been stopping by to say hello, making sure everyone’s settling in well.” She added, side-eyeing Dean.
“In fact, he’s right where he always felt best; on the open road with miles ahead, no obligations, clear skies, a cool breeze running through his hair, with ‘good’ music blasting on the radio. Free and...at peace. And one day,” he promises with a charming smile, “you’ll be together again. Because that’s what heaven really is, right? The way that humans imagine it? Being with the people you love.”
“I read, Sammy. Just because I don’t have a fancy-ass subscription to the New York Times doesn’t mean I don’t pick stuff up.” He responds dryly.
He stared at the car dash and compelled his brain to remember how to read an analog clock. The little red hands inform him it’s a brush after 9.
He jabs the bell frantically and hears the loud chiming resonate inside the house, the strobe light also flashing on the other side of the door. Sam took a step back, his hazel eyes checking the upper windows for any signs of life. With his heart beating a frantic staccato, Sam almost misses the faint glow of the hallway light beyond the dark windows. As he starts getting his breathing under control, his eyes pick out other signs of life in the house, like the warm glow peeking through the living room blinds. Then, the quiet clicking of a latch and a subtle groan from the door being forced open.  His elevated heartbeat begins to subside.
Eileen had passed on a couple years previously in her sleep. Both of her boys had taken her sudden death hard, but Sam’s paranoia had wobbled up and down during his advancing years to the point where he begged his son to look into his mother’s death, fearing it was the consequence of an old foe finally enacting revenge. Unsurprisingly to Dean, there had been no proof of any underhanded supernatural dealings.
Once the sun was cresting the hills, Dean decided it was time for him to finally hit the road. His brother had offered to let him stay with them until he got his bearings, but Dean waved him off, saying something about not wanting to get in the way of Sam and Eileen’s much needed “reunion time”. He laughed at Sam’s scandalized expression and quickly made his exit before his brother could retaliate. He manages to shout a brief goodbye to Eileen before the screen door closes behind him.
Now he was holding his son, so full of love and disbelief that this was all real, that this little human was a thing he and Eileen had made together, that he was actually a Father. This here, right now, was living proof that the broken, faulty, and cursed Sam Winchester had actually made something good.
He pops a cassette into the deck as he backs out of Sam and Eileen’s driveway, smiling to himself as he recognizes the opening riff of Rush’s “Fly by Night” playing through Baby’s speakers. The resonant tones of Geddy Lee fills the cab as he drives onto the wide, endless road, while twilight beckons the stars to fill the night sky.
“Dean,” Cas sighs, instinctively reaching out to the hunter, “after all this time, after everything I said to you, do you really still believe that this was the ending you deserved?”
After the funeral, Eileen had visited more and more often as the months went by and Sam’s love for her had only grown deeper. Loving Eileen was uncomplicated, easy, and filled Sam with a deep sense of happiness, something that he didn’t think he would get to experience again.
Somewhere down the street, a couple of teens sauntered back into their homes, grumbling indistinctly. Elsewhere, a car pulled into a driveway, the owner getting ready to turn in for the night.
Sam rolls his eyes. “My point is, Cas never goes anywhere without it. Hell, I’d say he’s more attached to that thing than he is to you.” he rejoined, reflecting Dean’s bitch glare with his own. “It’s just...unusual for Cas, don't you think?”
“Yes, she is still tasked with overviewing the fundamentals that keep Heaven running.” He answered, clearly not thrilled about the development either. “We may have had our differences, but she wants what’s best for Heaven, same as Jack. Same as me. And she’s one of the only original angels left with the most experience running a fully operational simulation large enough to withstand all the souls in Heaven.”
“Don’t worry,” she tells him, kissing his cheek before heading to the kitchen, “we’re not going anywhere, Dean.”
It would be so easy to jam the keys in the ignition, get Baby up and running and just leave. No plans or purposes or direction, just to keep on driving to his heart's content like he usually did. This Heaven had to be vast and teeming with life, full of places he had yet to explore. He could probably ride for miles and miles, leaving it all behind, and still be back in time for Sunday brunch with his folks.
“But you’re happy now with Eileen. With your son. I didn’t want to bring up bad memories, so I stayed away.” Jack responded, his gaze turned downward.
he had died. Dean Winchester, the guy who killed Hitler and took on God himself, killed in a freak accident because some asshole Vamp-mimes running a second-rate kidnapping scheme couldn’t keep their hideout barn up to code. Sam would be poking fun at that one for years to come.
How Sam had been the one to trap him in a permanent ring of salt and then walked away, listening to Kevin’s desperate screams and pleas as he left him alone, unable to watch the kid slowly succumb to his madness.
“You know, Jody still disapproves of the whole idea. All the way here, she kept going on and on about us being out in the middle of nowhere, and that Lebanon was a long way from Sioux Falls, blah blah, are we really old enough to be living by ourselves. The usual.”
He’d seen Cas relaxed and unruffled more often than not the past, but this is the first time he’s really seen him like this: eyes closed, breathing deeply, complying wordlessly with Dean’s unspoken requests, the man practically putty in Dean Winchester’s hands, implicitly trusting the hunter. Finally giving in to the yearning. Finally able to act of his own free will. Finally allowing himself to believe this is something he can have.
Dean grunted affirmatively. They stood together in a comfortable silence, appreciating the reality of the moment.
“But first things first.” He insists as they break away, palming his free hand over Cas’ obvious and neglected arousal, earning him a delightful throaty moan from the angel. “How about we take care of you, okay sunshine?”
“You’ve also done a lot of good down here,” the kid beams at him, his expression so warm and bright, “just like I knew you would.”
Sam tears up, swallowing down his sobs. He hadn’t cried since Eileen died. He didn’t want his son’s last memory of him to be one of sadness.
, he grumbled to himself. He remembered a time when he would run a mile in the morning, each morning, just for the energy. Now his breaths have become shallow and wheezing, his leg muscles worn down to almost nothing.
Eileen seemed to sense that she was being watched and caught sight of him across the room. She says something that makes Garth laugh so hard he accidentally startles the baby werewolf in the carrier. As the parents rush into damage control mode, Eileen meets Sam’s gaze and smiles at him.
At some point they made it to John and Mary’s place over the ridge, and the tearful reunion started all over again. John took an immediate liking to Eileen, listening as she regaled them with tales of her hunts. Sam, on his part, proudly told them of the people he helped with his practice, including a rather nasty case against a hunter who got caught in the middle of a homicide investigation.
“Oh, so…” he said leaning towards his wife, being mindful not to squish their newborn between their bodies, his tone teasing, “There’s going to be a next one?”
“Think about it, Dean. We keep expecting Cas to be the one to reach out to us, but when was the last time we called him just to see how he was doing and not because we needed his help?” He shakes his head, taking a sip of beer, “And the thing is, we got so used to it that we just came to expect him to make contact first. So maybe it’s our turn, you know? We need to make an effort as well if we want to keep him in our lives.”
“Oh, I know. You became a lawyer, like you told me you wanted to be! It was very nice, what you were doing to help those people when no one else would. They all really appreciated it, you know!”
It wasn’t just the seasons; everything about the school had a murky oppressive feeling lingering in the air that had gradually seeped into the students for the past 9 months.
“He...hung up his trench coat?” Sam repeated incredulously, eyeing the weathered, tan garment hanging next to Dean’s shirts and trucker jacket.
Sammy had a point. With his trench coat, Cas was powerful but approachable. Without it, Cas looked...different. More polished and assertive. Even with his immaculate appearance utterly and thoroughly wrecked: white dress shirt rumpled, disheveled hair, blue tie askew, swollen lips and a glowing pink flush spread all across his cheeks and neck…all of it gave him that sexy I've-just-been-fucked-six-ways-from-Sunday look.
Because Castiel deserved to be more than just a footnote in the story of "two brothers who save the world".
Sam stood awkwardly on the top step of the library, looking down at the party and clearing his throat. The cacophony of voices began to taper off into profound silence as all eyes fell upon him.
If Dean were checking in on them from the afterlife, Eileen trusted that he would let the short joke slide just this once.
Sam turns his head to look at Dean, the unspoken implication of his words hanging between them in silence. Dean frowns and casts his eyes to the ground, going over Sam’s words. Dean could feel his brother watching him expectantly as he tried to figure out what the jerk was getting at. Of course they wanted Cas back in their lives, he was family, the dude had literally sacrificed himself to-
The idea left an odd taste in his mouth. He grumbled to himself and closed Baby’s door shut, settling back into the driver’s seat.
“But,” she held up a hand patiently and looked him dead in the eyes, “I get to name the next one.” she insists pointedly. Sam is, for lack of better words, taken by surprise by the insinuation but recovers quickly enough with a short guffaw.
Miracle had immediately made himself at home and took to laying in wait by Eileen's front door, leaving his post only to relieve himself in the front lawn shrubbery before dutifully returning. All day long, he laid there with big, dark eyes, head cocked on his paws, clearly listening for Dean’s familiar gait, waiting patiently for his best friend to come back. Even though Sam had tried to call him away, bribing him with treats, neither he nor Eileen had the heart to move him.
“Jack...why are you here? I mean don’t get me wrong, I’m glad to see you again kid,” he explained, “but just...why now?”
