Janus VI proved unexpectedly gloomy when the glitter and the hum faded away. John had seen his share of factory and processing facilities that had for one reason or another been hidden away deep under planetary surfaces. Most of them made some sort of stab at reproducing daylight inside the hollowed-out volume where their workers normally had to spend months or years at a time. At the moment, though, just a few high banks of lights shone down through an oppressive blue indoor twilight onto a forest of pipes and conveyors and cracking stacks, all gleaming faintly under the overheads and muttering industrially to themselves—the only sound in that echoing emptiness.
“Another champion will be selected.”
how loosely she moved, how that always-tense, always-energetic body was just
John thought, feeling strangely desolate for a second.
Sh’lok, however, was showing no willingness to stand still for being dogpiled. He simply shoved Hudders out of the way, and Donovan after her, and when Lestrade flung himself at him Sh’lok ducked and grabbed him and threw him much harder in the direction he was already going. John vaulted over the diagnostic bed at him and kicked him in the chest and into the nearby wall, but Sh’lok stayed on his feet, braced against the wall, and backhanded John across the face.
It was taking John a moment to recover from what he saw in those eyes… if in fact recovery was ever going to be possible. He blinked a bit, wiped his eyes.
“I'm more interested in your request for shore leave,” John said. “In all the years—”
A good distance away—for so the thinner air made it sound—John could hear a soft sound: very small bells, ringing shrilly. But Sh’lok was already moving to the central dais again, reaching for the gong’s bronze mallet. He struck the gong with it, and once again the air shook with the depth of the sound and an unsettling range of high harmonics that shivered down John’s nerves. A second or two later movement caught John’s eye through the far gateway in the ring wall, and he was surprised at how quickly the source of those bells appeared.
He stepped down off the dais and moved into position with the others, flipping the communicator open again.
Sh’lok nodded, somber. “I heard you describe the connection to Lestrade,” he said. “It’s closer than you knew. S’kroft and I are not brothers in the conventional sense; my birth was too engineered a thing. But we
“Come on now, Doctor,” John said, doing his best to keep his amusement under control. “The
Sh’lok was standing in the middle of the space where the creature had faced them down, intent on his tricorder. John headed over to him. “What is it, Mr. Sh’lok?”
“Sh’lok!” John shouted as the Vulcan’s legs went out from under him and he fell back down the stairs to the paving at their bottom. There Sh’lok rolled, struggling to get up into a crouch, his tricorder fallen to the ground and his hands clawing ineffectively at his back and the creature that clung there.
side. He also knew that his true best case was within him right this moment, making himself John’s… and more than anything, he wanted to feel
The adventure begins…
He launched himself at John as if to bodily stop him from going, actually grappling with him. “It’s all right!” John said, “just let us—”
He glanced at John. “I’ll try.”
Sh’lok put the empty glass down on the shelf above the head of the bed and began to laugh softly.
Commander Sh’lok. An old friend
—he’d thought he would be able to stand his ground against them, for once paradoxically assisted by the human biology and genetics that had always otherwise caused him so much trouble.
Sh’lok did as he was told. Five minutes later Lestrade came back and consulted the padd again to see what the bone regrowth device was telling it. “Fine,” he said at last. “Takes half again as long as usual for your bones because of the density… never get used to that.” He slipped the ossostim out from under Sh’lok. “Any other painful spots I should know about?”
Mr. Sh’lok, one minute. I need to be
“Ah, yes,” Sh'lok said, looking up at the architecture in a manner that was both proprietary and a touch smug.. “My mother, you see, she was a fan of Earth’s literature of previous centuries, and she—”
“No, Mr. Sh’lok! Before.”
dropped out of warp just inside Vulcan’s orbit, and John and Lestrade and Sh’lok stepped into a turbolift together.
She had no trouble keeping her face as still as stone, for any necessary change of mind regarding Anderson she’d taken care of herself, a universe away. Very low and cold she said, “You are away from your post, mister.”
John could have rolled his eyes, but restrained himself and elected instead to play along. “Yes, Mr. Sh’lok. I understand.”
—so strange, but
John took a breath and locked eyes with the henchman. Then he took another step forward, feeling the hairs prickle and rise on the back of his neck—
John’s mouth fell open.
And with unbelievable satisfaction she backhanded Anderson across the face.
the braid on his sleeve, then looks at himself in the mirror and slowly smiles one of
Oblivious to this, S’kroft was gazing narrow-eyed at T’Kait and T’Eyreen alike. T’Eyreen dropped her rebellious gaze to the sand underfoot, and T’Kait drew herself up and visibly smoothed her face to a mask. “I ask forgiveness,” she said, and stepped away toward where she had been standing before…but still quite close behind T’Eyreen.
He swore to himself again, because
diligent
He fell back into the helmsman’s seat, completely caught off guard, as Donovan stepped back… and the lazy feral grin with which she favoured him then had no artifice about it at all.
Sh’lok was sensitive enough to John’s subdued mood at the moment that he forebore to correct his Captain about whether or not he ever guessed. Instead he looked up past John toward the ventilator grille high in the wall. “Notice that, Captain,” he said. “Apparently they were trying to keep something outside from getting in. Obviously they were not entirely successful.”
Then he turned to face the man walking slowly toward him. “Sorry,” John  said. “I didn’t hear you come in, I was—”
The source is real.”
“Mostly variations in instrumentation,” Mrs. Hudson said. “Trivial stuff, nothing I can't handle.”
John scrambled desperately to his feet and suddenly found Donovan in front of him pushing something large and white into his hands. He stared at it stupidly for a moment.
definition of normal operations to resume, which meant getting caught up on the aftermath. “So Sh’lok!” he said, eager. “What happened down there? The girl! The wedding!”
John said. “Please! Would I have turned Lestrade loose on you if I didn’t want you alive?”
The Vulcan straightened a bit. “This is Sh’lok.”
They moved cautiously into the next corridor into which the signal coming to Bradstreet’s tricorder was leading them. “Captain,” Sh’lok said, “I have an answer for you. It seems your pain bands are manually controlled. The red button on a bracelet releases them. I know that does not make much sense…”
He turned away from her, because of course he was, and the less sign he showed of it, the better. “The Halkans have something you want,” she said to his back. “Or is it all some clever means to advance you to the Admiralty?”
crewmen stepped back a little to let him and Sh’lok past, but for John there was no missing the fact that they were all looking at the Vulcan with so similar an expression: horror, pity, pain.
The meeting that John called in the main briefing room an hour later was thick with tension. The Science and Exobiological department heads and chiefs were there, along with Ensign Zahra to record it all, and of course Sh’lok and Lestrade.
amazing!
And there it was… the predictable adrenaline-shiver. John stood up. “Then let’s get moving.”
He staggered into the bath suite—called so only by courtesy, since even a starship captain got nothing better than a dual water/sonic shower in his quarters—and first relieved himself, then wet a warm flannel to get the worst of his and Sh’lok’s emissions off himself while running cold water to fill a carafe. His hasty ablutions finished, the flannel rinsed and wetted again, John brought it in along with the carafe and its filled glass, handing the latter to Sh’lok, who had braced himself up on one elbow.
“In that event,” Sh’lok said, absolutely dry and uninflected, “I am ordered to kill you… and to proceed against the Halkans as the new captain of the
Sh’lok groaned into his mouth, a sound both of surprise and of desperate ravenous arousal, and clutched John to him almost convulsively, staggering. John felt Sh’lok’s knees actually going wobbly, and braced him.
Slowly and casually, as if trying not to frighten a creature he was trying to get closer to, John moved to stand side by side with Sh’lok, matching his parade rest with one of his own. “…What kind of biology?”
John said.
Sh’lok shook his head. “There might be some,” he said, “but it would be difficult to find. My interest is in something that a modern-day human murderer would likely find of less concern.”
John’s eyes went wide. Then he started to laugh. “Oh God,” he gasped, “oh God, oh sweet Christ—”
Sh’lok said silently.
John said, panting, rocking himself against Sh’lok’s body the better to feel who was inside him, from both sides.
Appel had been looking as shocked as his boss, but was handling it with much less grace. He retreated back into a mode he plainly understood better; the business end of things. “Now look, we have pergium to deliver—”
John could think of a few things he might say about that, but for the moment he let it go, looking around at the bleak but beautiful landscape. “It's lovely,” he murmured. “I just wish the breeze was cooler.”
The whole business had got quite ugly. When the chatter about the continually-increasing acrimony had started to reach uncomfortable levels—meaning levels at which both officers’ effectiveness were starting to be impaired—Lestrade had sent Anderson and Donovan off separately for counseling. Donovan, who for all her spikiness was far more emotionally intelligent and better organised than her fellow officer, had needed far less of this than Anderson… whose somewhat frustrated counselor, Lieutenant Algar, started calling him “Angerson” when reporting off to Lestrade. Algar had warned the Doctor that it might take some while for Anderson to settle down, and recommended that he and Donovan should spend as little time together as possible in duty situations. John, having had to sign off on this duty-rostering amendment for the computer routine that managed crew assignments, had simply let out an annoyed breath and hoped Anderson got his shit together before forcing a situation in which he would have to be transferred.
Lestrade’s face had gone still almost as soon as he’d turned his tricorder on the men: now he was frowning “There's something wrong, John. Their nervous systems…”  He shook his head. “Unconscious like this, there should be just routine autonomic activity. But I'm getting a very high reading, as though even in their unconscious state, they're being violently stimulated.”
Here the mindmeld most thoroughly proved its usefulness, for John got so lost in the exquisite feel of Sh’lok’s hand working him that words were turning out to be hard to find. Not least because of the astounding synesthesia—if that was the word for it—when you found yourself feeling what the other felt, and felt
Then we’ll send someone for all this
she said in a clear contralto.
Sh’lok had activated his tricorder and was checking it every fifty paces or so. After a few minutes he paused, several meters away from a spot in which their own tunnel forked. “Captain,” he said, “fresh readings within the hour.” He gestured right and left with his phaser. “In each of these tunnels.”
But there was time for that; all the time in the worlds, as long as the man beside him was with him in that life, as in this one. Any other option was simply impossible… and the impossible, so he’d been told, had been eliminated.
“At the last moment,” John said, “you became concerned. Didn’t you.”
FADE IN:
And it
John closed his eyes and braced himself to deal with the shock he remembered from sigma Draconis VI, the sudden flinch-back-from-a-burn reaction at feeling, directly, the touch of another mind. But it didn’t come. What did come was a strangely pleasant sense, creeping along John’s nerves, of what he was doing with
It was the question that had come back to John again and again.
was what he lived for on missions.
“Either a nuclear pile a hundred miles across, or—”
Without warning Sh’lok staggered backwards, loose-limbed, as if about to fall. John quickly moved forward to catch him and brace him upright. That smothering sense of tension broke, but John wasn’t even slightly relieved.
John momentarily found himself wondering if, when he went looking for evidence of the Polish Sicilian Whatever-It-Was in the ship’s computer, he would in fact find it—not because it had ever previously existed, but because for his own amusement Sh’lok had gone out of his way to create an apparently-substantiating entry in the ship’s data banks for John to find.
he thought.
Sh’lok threw a glance at John that suggested he had grave concerns about his Captain’s sanity. But when he turned his attention back to the creature, though he didn’t lower his phaser, John could see the Vulcan’s expression alter when he saw the creature’s wound.
There was a pause. “Very well,” Sh’lok said, his voice steadying down into its more normal depths, though there was still an edge to it. “But I find it extremely disquieting that your roof chose that particular moment to collapse. Please proceed with extreme caution. I shall quicken my pace.”
Sh’lok’s eyebrow didn’t
He was interrupted by another of the alarmingly loud thunderclaps that had begun occurring every few minutes down here as soon as they beamed down. There was something unusually immediate about this one, though, and thinking of his ship, the hair went up on the back of John’s neck—or maybe it was just the heavily positively-ionized atmosphere getting at him again. His skin had been prickling on and off without warning since the first time they’d beamed down here.
though… John swallowed. Now the world had shifted. Now consent had entered the equation, had been sought and given. Now something never before permissible had become not only permissible, but desirable. Shortly he was going to be able to look into Sh’lok’s eyes and tell him directly that—
INT. CORRIDOR — CONTINUOUS
know, though. When you’ve had a day like we’ve just had, where you’re pushed into places you didn’t know you could go, you really need a little time to settle.”
“Mrs. Hudson,” Sh’lok said as he came to a stand in front of them, “the storm has caused some minor damage in your section. There are also injuries requiring your attention, Doctor.” When they didn’t immediately move, he looked at them sharply. “Well, gentlemen?”
his men?”
For some reason, Watson was
“Well, that will be almost entirely thanks to you, Mr. Sh’lok,” John said, putting his phaser up, “and my report to Starfleet will so indicate. Whether it will show anything
Over recent months John had learned that it was generally unwise to judge alien computers or other similarly advanced machinery by their containers. Nonetheless it was difficult to look at the installation in the middle of the room and not see it as the offspring of a union between a bedside lamp and a two-century-old coffee machine. At the center of it all was a shiny columnar black box with a light-up globe on top, and the box was conjoined by what looked like transparent lightguides to several surrounding pylons.
John stood there twitching, once more feeling that itching high up on his back, as if someone was staring at him. “Fourteen minutes,” Mrs. Hudson said. “We’ve got to go!”
Sh’lok shrugged a one-shoulder shrug as he paused near John, gazing out past him into the longest night. “You were not in any of the other logical places,” he said after a moment. “And you often come here when you want to think.”
He glanced toward Mrs. Hudson where she stood behind the console. “Beam him down,” the Captain said. And to Sh’lok he said, “Stay in constant touch with us.” Another glance at Hudson. “Give him your phaser,” said the Captain. “He'll need that, too.”
John thought.
“All right,” Lestrade said, “I'll rig up a protective pair of goggles. “
But then it moved again, shuffling toward them, and John immediately fired, training the phaser’s beam on a spot near the creature’s front end and rightward flank. A second later Sh'lok's beam was hitting the same spot, holding there—
suck, doesn’t it,” John said, resigned. “I probably just ordered a chicken sandwich and coffee or something.” He paused, sighed. “No, it wouldn’t be chicken, would it. Avocado club…?”
to the words.
Sh’lok nodded. “This was her going-away present to me when I left for Starfleet.”
John could feel the beginnings of his orgasm starting to build in him, pooling low.
creature in a hundred miles?” John said.
He then produced some growling noises of various pitches, like a singer vocalizing to warm up. And then, “Mm. That’s better,” Sh’lok said, in something that was still very dry-sounding, but far more like his normal voice. “Now, Doctor, try the sonic separator—”
Chief Medical Officer and her Captain.
The man went down, and Sh’lok turned directly for the console, the settings he needed lying ready in his mind. Unfortunately from behind him, Mrs. Hudson’s voice said softly, “Freeze right there, Mr. Sh’lok, or I’ll put you to sleep for sure.”
John stood there breathing hard at experiencing so many memories so intensely, for there was someone else in there with him now doing it too, with a powerful sense of both astonished wonder and the healthy skepticism of someone examining a too-positively presented situation to find the inevitable catch.
But none of the planets they’d visited recently were the kinds of places you wanted to go running. And as for shore leave planets… Hollow laughter.
Sh’lok whispered. “…And also the ‘more.’”
“This is
John was struck mute for a moment by the sheer size of the compliment… and of what lay beneath it. It was his turn to be abashed, now.
“Ready,” said a harsh-sounding male voice.
to fit in?” And because this world’s John Watson and this woman were plainly already intimate, for the moment he followed another instinct, reaching out and gently touching her softly waving hair.
“I fell asleep,” said the shadowy form. She stretched a little and sat up into the light.
“He's too close, Captain!” Dimmock said.
“Yes,” John said, “the Controller.” He stood up, knowing he was onto something. “The Controller. Who controls? I would like to meet, to see him.”
“Revised down to four days from seven,” Sh’lok said. “I understand the Doctor was in contact with the Surgeon-General’s office on receiving the first estimate, and put, as casual usage might have it, a bug up her butt.”
If anything, this was going to make the next few minutes more enjoyable.
And he stopped. There was no one standing there.
“That would account for the tunnels…”
John thought. And
“The same,” Lestrade said. “Evidently when the creature attacks, it leaves a stinger much like a bee’s or wasp’s, implanting a fragment of this tissue in the victim's body. It takes over the victim very rapidly, and the entwining is far,
“Here,” John said. “Use mine.”
“T’Kait wanted me,” T’Eyreen said. “I wanted her.”
The silence that had fallen behind him acquired a sorrowful tone as it lengthened out and no argument came. John relented a little and said more quietly, “Maintain a constant reading on the creature. If we have to, we'll use phasers to cut our own tunnels. We'll try to surround it.”
It didn’t matter. She had a job to do to help them all get out of here, back to home and sanity, and she'd just get on with doing it.
Sh’lok was up on his feet again in a second, once more doubling the
Gasping, John did his best to give Lestrade the kind of incredulous look that would have accompanied the Doctor making some humorously idiotic claim in some after-hours officers’-mess argument. “Kill Sh’lok?” John said, wincing as the sting of the deep cut across his chest and the itch of the trickling blood made themselves more apparent in the quiet moment. “That’s not what I came to Vulcan for, is it?”
“Warp six, sir.”
His First Officer spun to join him, staring at the objects, phaser raised. And without warning, one of the things peeled itself off the underside of that lintel and flew at them.
ever try to go absent without leave!”
Sh’lok said, becoming somewhat annoyed now, though not at John.
he cried, and John flinched again, as much in surprise as in fear: he’d never heard a sound like that out of the man before. “Pain…” The word was almost a whimper this time, fainter and less controlled: the fisted hands shook.
, sir. Mrs. Hudson has far more knowledge of nuclear reactors than I do. You're aware of that.”
“He acts only if cowardice is seen,” S’kroft said. “She will choose her champion.”
John threw his head back, panting, clutching at the bedclothes and struggling not to buck his hips up, as Sh’lok’s mouth slid further and further down him and drew him into the depths of that long hot throat. John lay there writhing in speechless delight as Sh’lok tongued him and sucked him and swallowed him down, so deep, so slow and sweet. To be inside Sh’lok physically as well as inside his mind was
“Immediate” turned out to be an accurate description of the flood of imagery that came tumbling down over them. And lip-nipping looked like the very least of it. Apparently this was a situation in which the demure touching and stroking of fingers and palms were set aside in favour of strategies far more robust. John was briefly blinded by an image-storm of grasping hands, grappling limbs, bared teeth, bodies and parts of bodies that thrust and clasped and pinned down and rolled together and penetrated and ensheathed—
of here, Captain, and let me do my work.”
It was too soon to allow the recriminations to begin: he needed to get at least this much said. “So I would appreciate your making the final arrangements.”
It was strange how restful it was, especially the climbing part, when you were going up and down those ladders in the Jeffries tubes. You didn’t have a lot of attention to spare for that idiotic piece of paperwork you just signed off on, or the complaints of one of your department heads whose problems you suspect have more to do with their own short-term emotional turmoil than anything actually wrong with their department (which as far as
“Gentlemen,” Kara said. Even in just the one word, the contrast between the little-girl voice of moments before and the confident one of now was striking. “The Controller's explanation of the functioning of the Teacher is essentially correct. However, he is giving no credit to me.
“Positive.”
“Perfectly all right. Where are you?”
John gave him a look. “You have a thick skin,” he said; but then Bradstreet had been born on Mars.
John looked down in astonishment and horror. “Well, come on!” Lestrade said, urgent, “help me get him on the table! He's got a subdural hematoma forming; he'll die without immediate treatment!”
John thought as the world went pounding-red in front of his eyes and his vision tunneled, mercifully shutting that last sight away from him.
John thought,
John filed the concept away for further consideration in advance of being beaten again (which he certainly would be) as the Transporter Room doors whooshed open for him. Except for Mr. Anderson, the most senior Transporter tech, he was the first in. “You’re early, Anderson. Very good. All sorted?”
There she stood, waiting for an answer. So John said to her the kind of thing he might have said to Sh’lok had his Vulcan asked him the same question, early on: casual, playful, but not completely so. “How does Mary Morstan
out of here—
But nothing was forthcoming. Sh’lok stood there mute.
the word at him.
did to a Vulcan’s body chemistry was also functioning to make John’s scent and taste as alluring as Sh’lok’s was to him. But like John, Sh’lok was far more ravished by the reality of what was happening, what he was being allowed to do with someone he wanted so much.
“I shall not waste time with you,” Sh’lok said. “You’re too determined, too resolute once you've made up your mind. But Doctor Lestrade has a plenitude of human weaknesses—sentimental, soft. You may not tell me what I want to know, but
was his first thought.
… our conversation.”
ever got to see. “No,” Sh’lok said. “Having experienced it, Captain, it’s not a mode of being I feel able to recommend. Or would care to attempt again.”
may murder another! It cannot and
“Hopefully we'll have found the missing part by then.”
“These restraints will no longer be necessary. Nor will your sedatives, Doctor. I'll be able to return to duty. I apologise for my weakness earlier when I tried to take control of the ship. I simply did not understand.”
letting him forget was what that code meant. He had spent two days now explaining it to John and Hudders and Lestrade and Donovan, never losing his temper, always speaking in a steady firm tone that made John wonder occasionally whether Tharn had been a teacher at some point. He’d have been good at it, John thought; the kind of teacher who never loses his temper, even with the slow ones.
Sh’lok didn’t even blink. “Captain, there are approximately one hundred of us engaged in this search, against one creature. The odds against you and I
But that was no discussion he needed to be having with Bradstreet. He shook his head. “A dead and buried city on a planet in a glacial age….”
what I meant, thank you John, but if you could possibly explain
Slowly he went over to stand by Sh’lok, looked up into his face. For a moment he didn’t speak, as he tucked his arms behind himself and gave his First Officer a moment more to volunteer something.
Live long and prosper, friends!
was what the back of John’s mind said, with no hesitation at all. But he had to keep his response more restrained: for a starship’s captain, there were inevitably other considerations.
Bradstreet touched a couple of controls on the Helm console and then looked over his shoulder at John. “We'll have to head directly there at, ah—warp six, sir. Insufficient time to stop off at Vulcan.”
“But you refuse to explain why it is so important.”
Sh’lok pressed his cheek against John’s and arched against him, hands stroking up John’s back and down to his arse, cupping it and brushing gently between the cheeks as he pushed their hips together. John pushed happily back, letting himself be pulled under by Sh’lok’s delight at what they were doing together. Yet he’d noticed a hesitation in Sh’lok’s thought, and instantly suspected it might conceal something that could make what they were experiencing together even more intense.
“Got a pretty good idea, sir.” Her voice had actually acquired something of an amused edge.
Yet he had to push the feeling aside.
John stood up.
expressing it: perhaps even all three. Sh’lok was so nonplussed by this that he actually had to stand there blinking for a moment before he could work out how to respond. The rest of the warning—that he could not allow this Watson’s aberrations to jeopardise his own position—was delivered to that slight, reflective smile, which did not go away. It remained in place while Watson suggested, rather gently, that he would make a bad enemy. It stayed right where it was while Sh’lok replied that the same was true for him. And when he finished, and went away down the corridor, it was as if he felt that smile still, on his back, like the touch of a hand.
An hour later John was on the surface of Halka V, once more standing in the little dais-centred clearing in which he and his senior officers had been meeting with the Halkan Council for the last couple of days. Halkan tradition mandated that important discussions should take place under the open sky where the Gods could clearly see what was said and done. John privately wondered whether the real reason behind this was so that people could keep an eye on what the Gods were up to in the way of solar weather. Ever since they beamed down an hour or so before, the sky had been dancing with the planet’s idiosyncratic violet dayside auroral display. Sh’lok had gone on at fascinated length about the unique bowshock-accelerated hydrogen/helium interactions in the planet’s upper atmosphere that produced the signature color and the unusually vivid and quick-moving activity—wreaths and currents of purple fire writhing violently against one another right across the sky. Unfortunately the same violence was communicated down into the planet’s ionosphere and stratosphere in the form of ionic turbulence and conventional storm activity that was only sometimes wet but routinely very loud.
“Complete examination,” John said as if not noticing at all, and glanced back at him. “Lestrade's waiting.”
using a Horta as a murder weapon.”
am rules-averse and undisciplined and stupid and spoiled and generally irresponsible.”
To make restitution, you must use your knowledge to restore what you have taken.”
The concept amused him strangely.
“I'll do what I can, sir.” But the look she threw at him made it plain that wasn’t going to be much.
He dropped Sh’lok’s hand.
John opened his mouth to say something to Sh’lok and then started chuckling helplessly at himself, because any number of things he might normally have said in such circumstances were here and now rendered completely banal.
he said, “if nothing else.”
“Yes, I'm aware of that.” John paused,  If we could only win its—” And in a flash, it came to him. “Confidence—”
. And so could the other!
“I don’t know,” John said softly. “It's our
Dammit, Commodore, Dave Murray was
Because there were a couple of things, of things he should have… could have…
“Carelessness with the equipment cannot be tolerated,” Sh’lok said, turning more fully toward him.
And now came the real heart of the business, the only question that mattered. “Could conditions necessary to such an event be created artificially using the ship's power?”
“’Pain and delight,’ the gent said up above…” said Bradstreet.
“They are now,” Sh’lok said. “Due to civil war spreading quickly among their coreworlds, fusion weapons… all over with very quickly by all accounts. But they were perhaps already on their way out for other reasons, as a species-wide cultural shift had occurred toward the position that natural forms of reproduction were barbaric for so technically advanced a race. Laboratory-mediated reproduction was to be preferred.”
John leaned his face against the steady coolness of her durasteel plating and considered his various previous relationships, casual or otherwise. There was no point in denying that he had a lifelong weakness for a beautiful face coupled with a sharp brain… which would accurately describe most of the women with whom he’d become involved over his time in Starfleet. It was true that in what felt to John like his previous life, before the injury, before Maiwand, his preferences had swung more widely afield. Since then, though, when he’d started to work his way up through the command chain from ship to ship, and at last to the center seat where he sat these days, almost all of John’s liaisons had been with women. Some of his crew, he knew, thought this preference was rooted in some odd old-fashioned conservatism. But John wasn’t at all sure about that.
Immediately he regretted that, as there was no telling who or what might be in charge, really. But the answer he got back didn’t clarify matters. “Him? What is ‘him?’”
pleased!—to see you, Captain.”
What do they normally say?
John was trying very hard to keep himself in order, but once again he was wishing desperately that there was something evil he could simply get into a fistfight with, or shoot between the eyes. Instead, the evil that most desperately needed shooting was using a million innocent people as human shields… and John was already having to face up to the ugly logistics of working out exactly how to most humanely kill them. He felt like a monster, and an increasingly angry and helpless one.
Sh’lok was actually
without completely losing control. And this needed to be true, for in their present position, much was at stake… not for him, but for another.
“Then you're wasting your time,” John said. “There has to be something that'll kill the creature without destroying the human host. “
starts…
There was some side-eyeing among the Bridge crew, which for the moment John ignored. His crew knew that their Captain was by nature inherently sweary, but also that out of courtesy to them he normally restrained himself; and they knew what it meant when the restraint started to slip. In any case, Dimmock was right. The trail ahead of them had petered out in a final splotchy scatter of ionic dribs and drabs.
in what he was getting a sense was its best position for defensive mode; diagonal, blade up, weight down. Sh’lok immediately went for him with another roundhouse swing at his head. As John danced back out of range of it, Sh’lok kept coming and followed up with another swing at John’s lower abdomen, one that would have opened him up like a gutted fish had he not hastily jumped back and away, almost onto the central dais. Sh’lok kept swinging at John, forcing him back onto the little steps up,
“Good
That was more difficult now as the memory of the fight resurfaced from the holding space into which Sh’lok had shoved it preparatory for its dissection, analysis, and final interment. He flushed hot with shame. “Doctor,” he said, “the place where I—wounded the Captain—”
Late the next morning, last-minute details—such as were usual for departure from a world where a mission had completed—meant that John had been in and out of the Bridge several times. Now, as he came in again with Lestrade at his heels, he thought he would at last safely be able to settle. And sure enough, Sh’lok stepped down from his post to stand by the center seat as John sat down. “Ship ready to leave orbit, Captain. Course laid in.”
Sh’lok rested that merciless I-will-drill-straight-through-you gaze on Dimmock for a moment, but after a moment seemed to be satisfied, or at least distracted. “Possibly a result of the severe storm.” He turned to John. “Captain, do you feel any abnormal effects?”
But on balance, it seemed to John that the two of them had been through more than enough today. Teasing was perhaps a bit premature, until they’d had some time to recover themselves. Also, Sh’lok had reached out to him, was
“Report on magnetic storm, Mr. Sh’lok.”
“Sh’lok!” that voice shouted after him, so very familiar and yet wrong in almost every important way. “What is it that will buy you? Power?”
Lestrade gave him a slightly uneasy look. “Come on, Sh’lok…”
systemic UV-radiation blockers.
Darkness, all around him. The overhead lights in the cavern were down at their lowest: the whole place was in shadow. Muffled by something solid, John heard a voice speaking; not loudly, but angrily
, it was as if red-alert sirens started going off inside John’s head. The turbolift stopped as it reached deck five, the doors hissed open, but John couldn’t  look away as Sh’lok turned toward him.
He could feel how hollow and unlikely that suggestion seemed to Sh’lok right now: and John ached for him. But he had to do
And then he shied away from that thought, hard. The raw terror in that scream wasn’t something he ever wanted to hear come out of his sister’s throat. “Fan out. Follow me! Security—”
Mrs. Hudson shook her head. “Sorry, Captain. That's about the best I can do. But I doubt it’ll be good enough.”
There was a pause suggestive of Anderson’s annoyance on finding that his new surveillance routine, which he’d thought would be able to get through the defences Sh’lok had installed around his own equipment, was in fact able to do no such thing. “My security board has detected extensive use of computers, Mr. Sh'lok. I was about to inform you.”
the dry voice said in his memory.
“Sigma Dra VI, sir. No industrial development. Glaciated when last surveyed; sapient life plentiful, but on a most primitive level.”
So matters unfolded as they usually did. People nodded at him as he entered, no more: and as he paused by the center seat, watching the stars pour past on the viewscreen, Rand came over from her station and passed Watson the padd with the last shift’s handoff notes from each major department. He stood there a moment more, scanning down them, seeing that nothing urgent leapt out to be noticed: signed off on them with the padd’s stylus and handed it back to Rand. And then, and not a moment sooner, the baritone voice from behind him said, “Good morning, Captain.”
John held up a warning hand, his brain roiling with thoughts of how both old Rome and the newer Reich had been full of spies and informers. An extension of that surveillance tradition, in public areas at least, was nearly a certainty.
to let the emotion out
And find a way to do it that won’t get poor Dimmock blamed, because to keep what you’re doing on the quiet, you need his good will. You need to hire him on as a henchman of yours in a hurry. Get on his good side. Bribe him, suborn him, promote him, do whatever you have to to make him your man, and do it fast. Specifically, find a way to protect him from the Captain. Because your Watson sounds like the kind to kill Dimmock for the embarrassment of what’ll have happened to him on
and got hold of it again, but John leapt on him, forced him to drop it again as he pushed him down on his back near the front of the dais, and brought his own weapon up to shove it down toward Sh’lok’s throat.
Sh’lok gasped.
John thought,
would never fade. Until his own life ended he would hear it—
It didn’t last, of course—not nearly long enough. Even in the horror of the moment Sh’lok couldn’t bring himself to pinch that nerve quite as hard as he ought to have… and then the rest of the landing party went after him and Anderson, their version of Lieutenant Donovan being most enthusiastic about trying to pull the poor man’s face off. Sh’lok had had to nerve-pinch her too, and that was when the Security detachment arrived and began the process of carting all the new arrivals off to confinement. Sh’lok was most annoyed that their own version of Lestrade would not be available to conduct a psychiatric analysis, though hearing this version of Lestrade do a variant on “tearing everybody a new one” was amusing enough. He lacked the proper Lestrade’s elegant vocabulary, but what he lacked in diversity or ingenuity of expression he made up for in offensively energetic idiom. Sh’lok made notes for another time.
“A bit narrow in this configuration, sure, but it…”
John thought,
Tell them, Mr. Sh’lok!”
“Ahead warp factor one, Mr. Dimmock.”
Sh’lok was facing away from him, still staring fixedly toward the door, and John found himself wishing he’d turn back toward him. But it didn’t look as if it was going to happen, so he headed for the door himself.
“Lestrade here,” the answer came back.
But Sh’lok wasn’t accepting delivery on the teasing. “John, your life is in danger! You can't take the risk.”
At the helm console, Dimmock was bent over it with that dark intense stare that he often got when something had him completely engaged. “Helm?” John said.
“When we first materialised—” John said.
Than originally
Sh’lok bowed his head in grave assent.
Watson blinked. “Where the pergium comes from?”
John regarded the item in question and shook his head, and smiled, because Sh’lok was right, as usual. “You’re impossible.”
Yet this man was Sh’lok too, and John couldn’t leave him without
John nodded Donovan toward the door, dropped his hand to squeeze Lestrade’s forearm briefly, glanced once at the unconscious Sh’lok, and headed out after Donovan and Mrs. Hudson.
John said.
John shook his head.
On that home, and that friend, Sh’lok now kept his attention firmly fixed. The events soon to be completed here in the Place of Marriage and Challenge were the severing of a tie. Once that tie was cut, once the long-ago agreement was consummated—however distasteful he would find that, absent any deeper bond between him and T’Eyreen—then he would be free, and could turn his attention back to his true life. His Captain would need him at his side in the troubles that would follow, and Sh’lok had silently vowed to be there for him to repay the debt, whatever it took, however long it took. Vulcan would fall away behind Sh’lok, probably for the last time, and T’Eyreen with it… and except for the prospect of never being able to visit his parents there again, he would be glad to let that be so.
“Captain,” Sh’lok said, his voice gentler. “I do not make this request lightly. I do not know with any certainty how much longer I will be able to hold out against the pain. But I do know what the girl will go through should she regain consciousness.“
“and in light of their present life situations, in line with options available to them in Vulcan law, they’ve agreed not to continue the relationship.”
Starfleet personnel and vessels and
“It has to be intense enough to kill the creatures inside human beings on the planet surface,” John said, “as well as the creatures themselves, directly. Ideally even if they’re in closed and darkened spaces.” It seemed the least he could do: make sure Sh’lok got at least
one,” she said.
“Bones. Bradstreet. Sh’lok’s—brain—
Standing in a sleek, contemporary-looking hallway just beyond the door was an auburn-haired woman in yellow lame and long white-gold boots. As the door opened, she stared at John in complete astonishment. Then she reached a hand to the wristband she was wearing—
“While trying to brain us with these clubs,” John said, picking one up. It was some kind of clear, dense industrial resin or plastic, and would have been quite sufficient to the task of cracking someone’s skull open.
though. No way they’ll clear him
pump?” Mrs. Hudson said. “Not at all, sir! We don't have any spare circulating pump for a thing like
In answer he heard a dark, deep boom… the gates of this virtual Erebor slamming shut in the distance, confirmation of what he’d done. And following that, as its owner realised what had happened, came a long, low, infuriated growl.
to ship out before he’s stable.
Everyone else stared too. Some mouths dropped open: it was as if others found the lack of the man as impossible as John did.
were scheduled to return to receive
She took a long breath.
you!” (with the reply,  “Why, thank you, Captain Lestrade,” hanging off it all like a punchline). A soft brown agate, when John picked it up and turned it over in his hands, purred like a whole grain store full of tribbles.
John said.
John had said.
Sh’lok knelt down beside what was left of the crewman—
“These are not thinking beings,” Sh’lok said. “Or not the way we conceive of thought. But this much I believe I have correctly gathered from my contact with them. Once a humanoid host’s body is sufficiently complexed by the organism’s neural tissue, at the will of the collective of which it is part, that tissue consolidates itself into multiple incidences of the organism and… sheds the host. Or what is left of them.”
“Except for one thing,” Sh’lok said, his face gone quite still, and his voice flat and grave. “The Horta is badly wounded. It may die.”
The Security team started to fan out into the tunnels, and John watched them go, then went after them in company with Sh’lok.
Sh’lok swallowed hard. But in his widened eyes, John saw a hot bright flare of realisation, like conducted light falling where it was most needed. “If there can be other Sh’loks,
A moment later John was back in Sickbay, his hands dropping from Sh’lok’s face. That face had gone impassive again, impossible to read. John let out a breath, turned away.
This time John could hear the capital O on the word. “Do they come for your women as well?”
Not today, though. And he was unwilling to distract his crew from their duties, which now most urgently involved not losing what they were chasing. For hours John’s thoughts had been going round and round an increasingly narrow track of questions with no sensible answers. Who were these people
He turned his attention to the wall-mounted viewscreen on which Janus VI rotated seemingly benignly below
But the immediate look of approval and delight and
John thought.
a set.”
But Sh’lok was already striding away from the slumped, half-conscious Dimmock as the security men helped him up, and in the landing party’s direction. There was something very harsh and abrupt about the way he moved, as opposed to John’s own Sh’lok’s easy grace. If a body could speak for the mind inside it—and John knew it could—then he had reason to be troubled by what he was seeing. The dry, hidden humour of his Sh’lok, the compassion that tempered his reactions to everything though he tried to hide it away—here they were truly missing, or seemed to be.
ship,” he muttered.
When Sh’lok spoke again his voice was back under control again, but there was a different edge on it now: the subdued but unmistakably present annoyance of an officer who was doing his job of advising his Captain, and felt his advice was being ignored. “I remind you, it's a proven killer. I'm on my way. Sh’lok out.”
Sh’lok gave him a surprised look. “Of course not, Captain. When simple uncomplicated internal biometric and DNA sampling data is part of every worker’s or traveler’s basic identification documents, who bothers with a technology so antiquated? Not to mention so limited in its usefulness. There are thousands of hominid species scattered through this part of the Galaxy, and only Earth-originated humans and the Goneri peoples originating from the core worlds of the Mei Star Cluster even
“If at any point in the future,” Sh’lok said, “in conversation, or a meeting, or some similar event… if at such a time I seem to you to be in danger of showing signs that I think myself capable of invariably having all the data I need to arrive at the correct answer to a problem, or of being automatically able to arrive at that answer…” He paused, then said, much lower, “If you would possibly just whisper the word ‘neutrino’ to me.”
Sh’lok caught himself and fell silent as John’s eyes narrowed at him. But there was that flash of pain again, and also of something deeper that John wasn’t able to identify.  He stood there for a few seconds silently watching Sh’lok, with an effort, master himself. “I
“Oh sweet Christ—”
“Navigation,” said Bradstreet immediately.
John thought, and held the phaser’s beam on his target at maximum intensity until, almost reluctantly, it let loose its hold on the lintel and fell to the ground. In the seconds that followed, the rest of the creatures that had been roosting in the shadowy space detached themselves and flew away.
“Won’t bother with all the drama, though,” he said. “Another time, another place, maybe. But for right now—”
“Yes, sir?”
“Captain, I am filled with admiration for bees,” Sh’lok said, “as they are fascinating creatures whose complexities not even centuries of research have fully revealed. And as regards birds, I am sure they possess many sterling qualities.” An eyeroll that said
“Thank you, Doctor,” Sh’lok said.
This kind of language from Lestrade boded nothing but good, as his normal mode of operation where prognoses were concerned was Postulate Worst Case Until The Patient Is Discharged Or Dies. Nonetheless John chose to err on the side of caution. “Can you help it?”
Explain it to me.”
Then he pulled back a bit, mastering himself. He cleared his throat. “At any rate,” Sh’lok said. “Had I failed to carry the combat through to its conclusion, and had S’kroft allowed that—by permitting me to live, for the refusal would have been read by the ancient law as cowardice—his position as Young Father would immediately have been called into question. Those in the Clan who’ve long sought to bring him down as unfit to serve would have attacked him thereafter on the grounds that his relationship to me had induced him to allow me unwarranted exemption from the ancient penalties of the
Sh’lok blinked at him. It was bemusement again, and something he’d seen his own Sh’lok do often enough… but almost always in a moment’s vulnerability, a reaction he hardly ever allowed anyone else to see. John turned away from that expression, a touch disturbed, and went into the lift.
“Not specifically,” Sh’lok said. “But I did get the distinct impression she found them the most attractive human characteristic of all.” He produced an expression of faint pity. “I didn't have the heart to tell her that only
WATSON
The screen shimmered to show a better view of the class M worlds, all of them backed by shading to indicate they were within what used to be called the “Goldilocks Zone”, likely to contain worlds that were “just right” for Earth-style humanoid life. “Sigma Draconis III, on the left there, is rated industrial scale B—”
But now Sh’lok’s vitals were looking much less shocky than they had, and his BP was looking better too, not that it ever looked that good by human standards to begin with. But then it was also a compromise. One of the things Lestrade often wished he could do was get a look at the paperwork in which the genetics people who’d supervised the engineering of Amanda’s and Sarek’s parturition would have laid out the details of the anatomy of what they intended to build, and compared it to how it actually turned out. But there were all kinds of privacy issues involved, and odds were strong he’d never get to see Sh’lok’s user’s manual.
Abruptly his hands bumped up against something smooth well under the surface, something round… maybe as big as a fist. John wrapped his hand around it as tightly as he could, pulled it up toward him.
“Great leader,” John said.
“Mr. Sh’lok,” John said. “I know it's a terrible personal lowering of mental barriers. But if there's a chance…”
wasn’t—
He reached for his communicator, flipped it open. “Transporter room? Energize.”
“Jesus fucking
this might put off other sentient beings, especially ones who interest him—or that
Something to do with the ion storm?
hadn’t gone for a last-chance morning
and pat or stroke him in entirely too pet-like a manner.
As much to get away from that as to seek some kind of clarification John hurriedly turned his back on Sh’lok and followed after S’kroft, who was about to seat himself again. “Now wait a minute, sir!” John said. “Who said anything about a fight to the death?”
Sh’lok stood there a little hunched over, his hands still clasped before him, the fingers still working. John could see even from where he stood how white the knuckles were. “My friend,” Sh’lok said, low and hoarse, “does not understand!”
get enough of that mouth). It also left Sh’lok in a position to carry on a conversation (and check to see whether John was paying enough attention) while simultaneously thoroughly examining and analysing John’s privates for differences and similarities to his own. At least that was his
From the other side of his desk, Lestrade looked sadly at John. “Well,” he said. “That’s that.”
But his face twisted with pain again. “It is the end of life—” Sh’lok said, or the Horta said through him: hopeless, despairing. “Eternity—stops…” Then a  gulp for air, and words that sounded more like they were coming out of a Vulcan’s throat. “Go out,” Sh’lok said, “into the tunnel. To the chamber of the ages.”
John Watson turned to him with the slightest half-smile on his face, and said, “Is that a threat?”
John merely inclined a little nod of assent at her, suspecting that too much conversation with Mary at this point was likely to be more danger than he had time for right now.
he thought.
John nodded slightly, able to find no other answer right then. He might command a starship with enough weaponry to destroy whole populations, but here he was powerless. And from the look on his face, Lestrade didn’t think too much of his own chances.
up here, and the wind wasn’t really helping.
And now she was gone, and Clara was gone.
Off to John’s left, another tunnel debouched into the little cavern. Experimentally, again, he made a move toward it. This time the creature moved immediately, matching his sideways move as if to prevent him leaving.
Clara cried. And then she was screaming again, terrible rough-throated cries of anguish that were ripped from her again and again. John looked up in distress at the vital signs indicator above the bed. All the indicators were veering upward toward their redline levels.
This was getting peculiar, now.
“Sonic separator,” Lestrade muttered, not looking up.
John raised his eyebrows at Lestrade. Lestrade sighed. “She was upset,” he said. “We’d been having trouble keeping him under anaesthesia to begin with: the things inside him kept bringing him out from under. The diagnostic readers made it plain how much pain he was in. And when I was finished, she was kind of… reluctant to close. Understandably, maybe. We hadn’t done much for him. Not that there was anything I really
“At the Bridge of the
John thought,
A flash of momentary, cranky resignation.
“I will lose no more men,” John said. “The creature will be killed on sight, and that's the end of it.”
Transporter room— Energise.”
Somehow John suspected the business wasn’t going to be that straightforward. “All right, let’s assume there’s some kind of monster,” he said. “What has it done? When did it start?”
nasty
John was gobsmacked all over again, not to mention indignant.
Vanderberg stared.
John snorted a little rueful laughter at himself and glanced over his shoulder at Bradstreet. “Readout?”
people—
and the thought instantly arose of exactly what he might soon have a chance to get a grip
“Yet here you are,” John murmured.
It was also the kind of sentiment (if Sh’lok had gone in for such things) that he would have kept strictly to himself, for the John Watson who had beamed down to Halka V from
“At our present speed,” Sh’lok murmured, “thirty-eight hours, eighteen minutes, twelve seconds…”
“Mr. Bradstreet, lay in a course for Vulcan. Tell Engineering I want warp eight or better. Push her for all she'll take.”
She accepted this as the compliment that it decidedly was not. “I am honoured.”
John Watson had been in a fair number of dodgy situations during his career, but this was one he didn’t think it was fair to say he should have imagined or prepared for.
of him alone was shocking. Crewmen stuck their heads out lab and office and quarters doors to stare, wide-eyed. “I order you,” the man yelled at the poor Security men hauling him along (who, Sh’lok thought, were probably intending to dine out on this event for years), “Let me go! Traitors! Sh’lok!
It was a mystery. There were few things in his life that Sh’lok loved more, when his work and his duty left him time to pursue them, than mysteries. But he was not left time to pursue this one much further. His computer alerted him that a message had arrived for him from Starfleet Command.
Sh’lok gazed at him steadily, seriously, waiting.
Some haste was needed, but there was no approaching this internal fastness without due care and attention. After what seemed perhaps half an hour or so, but was most likely a matter of minutes in the outer world, Sh’lok finished threading the maze and exited it in a long corridor filled with light and lined with many doors.
But then again, Sh'lok had been deeply immersed in someone else's emotions... a situation that was inevitably going to be problematic for someone whose relationship with his
What he had
Sh’lok was examining the readout screen on his tricorder. “Within range of our sensors, there is no life other than the accountable human residents of this colony beneath the surface. At least, no life as we know it.”
He walked very slowly over toward the desk, arms still folded.
After a few moments he simply stood still and blinked. Then he was in motion again, swinging on Sh’lok as if expecting some response he definitely wasn’t hearing. “Aren’t you listening to me?” roared the man wearing John Watson’s body, getting right into Sh’lok’s face. “Why isn’t somebody heating up the phasers?”
WATSON
John nodded.
And most fascinating of all:
Sh’lok said.
Vanderberg stared at John in outrage. “That thing has killed fifty of my men!”
John thought,
thing Sh’lok did, when he ran ahead on the track of some answer or danger and it was John Watson who wound up doing the following). Then he let go of Sh’lok and turned himself around before the lift doors opened.
“No,” Sh’lok said after a second. “No, by no means, Captain. It is quite possible.”
he thought,
The lips he brushed with his own were so soft, and oh
“Mid 21st-century.”
For now not just his own climax was rising to overwhelm him, but Sh’lok’s as well
But what I
John got up and went to have a closer look at it, standing beside her. “It's not that bad,” he said, hoping she might tell him something more useful about the device.
without actually saying the words. “I’ll have a look at it,” he said, “and see what it does for me. Meantime—” He eyed the board. “Let’s play.”
. And the arousal was both shared and becoming unbearably arousing on the other side of the union too.
John nodded. “Thank you, Mrs. Hudson. Watson out.”
And as Sh’lok had slipped into him, so John went in; went deep.
In the light at the end of the corridor he could immediately see something moving. The movement resolved itself into a shadow: the shadow resolved itself into a shape, approaching him in haste. If someone from Earth (for example) had been standing beside him, it would have looked like a beast the size of a polar bear, but bigger in the shoulder, broader in the beam, significantly bulkier but also quicker on its feet, having evolved in heavier gravity. Making fast short-breathed noises, Sh’lok’s red-pelted sehlat came lolloping along out of the light and flung himself at Sh’lok.
John backed up onto the dais, not that he had much choice at this point, the way Sh’lok was pressing his attack. One swing brought down the small ceremonial shield that had been attached to the top of the small bronze column to the dais’s fore. Then Sh’lok reversed the
-----
In which Sherlock goes on a date, and everything falls into place.
“I didn’t mean for that to happen,” Sherlock said, not even hearing him, apparently. “That wasn’t my intention.” And while he outwardly seemed mostly composed, his voice, tight and distressed, belied that composure.
Luckily, John continued on.  “I had to take biochem, and it killed me.  Maybe you can help me brush up on it sometime.”  He was perched on the edge of the table, leaning down, and Sherlock suddenly remembered his dream.  The image of them holding hands didn’t really seem out of place right then, and Sherlock felt his face grow flushed at the thought.
Mummy laughed good-naturedly at that.  “Is that so?”  And because the dog had become so devoted to little Sherlock, she agreed to inform the rest of the family that his name had been changed.
“Never have I ever pretended to be in a relationship with someone.” That one came from John, and he seemed to be trying to tease Sherlock in order to get him to relax a bit. It actually started to work.
“Sensitive,” John murmured, grin hovering around Sherlock’s skin. Sherlock couldn’t even begin to respond.
John laughed again and dropped Sherlock’s hand in favour of scooping him into his (incredibly strong, devastatingly sexy) arms. Sherlock yelped, startled out of his momentary panic at being called perfect by arguably the most perfect man in the world, and barely had time to protest before he was tossed onto the bed, John almost immediately settling on top of him.
“Cerebellum,” Sherlock guessed, but John shook his head. More of the drawing came to life. He leaned forward in his chair. “Oh! A brain. A human brain.”
John’s brow had an angry furrow in it, and Sherlock found it oddly charming. It was a shame that John looked so good when he was grumpy, because now Sherlock would have a thing for that. “Fine,” John muttered grudgingly after a long pause, “but keep your phone on you at all times. If someone seems suspicious, text me. And we stay in each other’s line of sight the entire time, understand?”
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
There was another pause, this one slightly longer than the rest, and John half-wished he could go back in time and prevent himself from ever being so open. Where had that ever gotten him before, honestly? But, he couldn’t stand the thought of Sherlock not knowing precisely how serious he was about this. Those five minutes of waiting were pure agony, but in the end, it was worth it—well, maybe worth it; however good John had gotten at this, Sherlock was still difficult to read sometimes.
From: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
John smiled softly at him. “I want you to focus on me, and I want you to let me focus on you, especially if you refuse to do that yourself,” he said. “We can look out for one another. We’ve always done that. Remember when I punched that bastard Wilkes for you?”
John stared at him a moment longer, seemingly taking him in, before he gave one firm, decisive nod and trailed his hand down to hold Sherlock’s. He used his grip to tug Sherlock onto the sofa next to him.
John smiled down at his phone. God, this guy was smart.
Subject: RE: You never do this
me, Sherlock Holmes?”
“What do you want?” John demanded. He was growing increasingly uneasy with every passing second.
Comments/kudos are appreciated!
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
Sherlock should have pressed the issue, but relaxing sounded rather nice at the moment.  The drinks he’d had left him drowsy, especially in the aftermath of his orgasm. He dropped his eyes down to where John was stroking himself.  It only took another minute or two before John was coming, a bit of it hitting Sherlock in the chin.  He sleepily scooped it up with a finger and brought it to his mouth to taste.  He was too tired—and likely still too drunk—to properly process the taste, though, which was unfortunate.
From: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
From: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
John smiled. “Oh, don’t worry. I’ve had enough practice defending you by this point that I know how to do it without injuring myself in the process.”
Sherlock nodded, and when John didn’t immediately jump on them, they rolled their eyes and said, “I’m not feeling pressured or whatever it is you’re worried about. I want this.”
John froze in place, and Sherlock felt his cheeks heat, anxiety beginning to take the edge off of his arousal. John was straddling his thighs, eyes scanning his body over and over and over again, like that for a little over a full minute. Sherlock thought about making a joke to break some of the tension, but he couldn’t seem to work up the nerve to be flippant about this.
The man in question looked up to see what had horrified her. He grimaced when he caught sight of the sink, on the verge of overflowing.
“Mrs. Hudson’s been here,” Sherlock said when they ultimately walked out into the kitchen. A tray of eggs and toast had been set out on top of a stack of paper on the kitchen table.
(They had come running up to the main house an hour prior shouting, “
It’s not a bad thing, I suppose.
“Harry’s my sister.”  John grinned, clearly amused.
“Oi,” Lestrade cut in, his expression clearly displeased.
Sherlock swallowed.
Subject: RE: You never do this
After the last one he’d sent, John had almost thought he was going to get something back. Those telltale three dots had appeared in the corner of his phone, suggesting that Sherlock was crafting a reply. John’s heart had leapt. He’d admittedly been a bit distressed since they’d last seen one another, and he was desperate to talk to Sherlock again. But his hope was short-lived, as the three dots disappeared without any text coming through.
John smiled at him. “For you, no charge,” he said, same as before.
John laughed. “Hardly. I mean, I can sort of see it now that you pointed it out, and he does look like a right slimy bastard, but I never would have really known all of that.” It struck him suddenly that maybe Sherlock didn’t know anything at all. This could have all been speculation, and there was no way to prove that those deductions had been right. “Can you do that for me, too?”
When he finally managed to stand back up, his entire body aching from being thrown onto a piece of furniture, he took in the mess that had taken up residence in the sitting room.
. All he could think about was seeing what he’d felt pressed against him out in the entryway.
he hated waiting.  Walks, after all, merely forced him to wait quite a long time before reaching his destination.
[27 August, 9:00AM] The kitchen sink is a bit leaky. SH
Sherlock woke the next morning to find himself alone in bed. His sweat had completely dried in the night, leaving him feeling rather disgusting in the aftermath. Of course, part of that disgusting feeling could have been from the healthy dose of shame that washed over him as he dealt with the disappointment of waking up alone. Why had he ever expected for John to stick around? It had been a one-night-stand for a soldier who would be imminently heading back out into a war-zone.
Sherlock dropped to their knees beside the patch of flowers, putting them at eye level with the bees. “I love them,” they said.
“That’s fantastic,” John said, grinning over at him, apparently equally as proud. Sherlock forced back the rest of his drink to keep his mouth occupied.  “Is that what you’ve been busy doing for the past two weeks?”
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
he didn’t yet know, and he was hardly going to ask John.
Let me know what you thought of this if you get the chance!  I hope you all enjoyed!
John chuckled.  “Maybe tone down the insults when you’re actually talking to them.  I know you’re cleverer than all of them combined, but they might not be so keen on working with you if you keep pointing that out.”
That had apparently been the wrong thing to say, because John’s predatory look dropped away, and he rubbed a hand over his face, shaking his head. “Christ,” he muttered, and even though there was a small smile on his lips, the mood had noticeably shifted.
[4:35PM] Still dissecting that eyeball? JW
Sherlock nodded and leaned forward, eyes alight with curiosity. “How many different species live on your planet?”
“Surnames mean family units, and I’ve already told you that those are close to nonexistent back home.”
It might have been a bird, but just like when Sarah had suggested it, he knew that there were no birds that made that sort of noise in the forest. No, that was a human call.
Sherlock didn’t seem capable of giving a coherent reply just then and instead reached back with one arm to try to pull John back down to where he had been before.
John’s expression softened even further. He cupped the side of Sherlock’s face. “I love you, too.”
“You’re gorgeous,” Victor would tell him.  “I so glad I have you all to myself, and you’ve got me.” And Sherlock, inexperienced as he had been, had believed him.
Then, thinking about how brilliant SH appeared to be, he sent another text.
And with that, John left him alone again.  Sherlock didn’t mind it so much.  His mind was a little fuzzy now, and he had no problem occupying himself with analysing the sensation.  He had only had one drink, and he was fairly certain he wasn’t supposed to start feeling it this early on.  A thought struck him.  Ah, yes, he’d gone most of the day without eating, save for a few bites of a sandwich at lunch. He recalled that alcohol affected one’s system differently in the absence of food.  Well, this was a drastic oversight.  He would be a mess by the time he finished his second drink. He didn’t want to be a mess in front of John.
“Christ,” John breathed, rubbing a hand over his face. This was ridiculous. He was stranded in the middle of the rainforest with no outside communications with an alien who had tried to eat his things. A laugh bubbled out of him.
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
[4:17PM] Christ. JW
John beamed at him.  “Incredible. You’re really incredible, you know that?”
She entered her number (not her name, John noticed, and he hoped that he would somehow remember what it was by the time morning came) and handed the mobile back. John winked at her and said, “Cheers,” before ushering Stamford out of the pub, trying desperately to get back to their flat without any vomiting.
when he comes back next time? I’d like to
He turned and set off in the direction of the bar, completely ignoring an open section of it in favour of shoving his way into the unavailable space beside John. The idiot who had been chatting John up seemed to take the hint when no effort was made to move Sherlock out of the way, and he left. Sherlock leaned over the bar, looking forward so as not to indicate that he knew the man beside him, although John didn’t seem to be doing the same. In fact, he could feel John’s eyes burning into him.
“Bedroom,” he said, and when John simply continued to suck at his neck, Sherlock pushed him away just hard enough to force John to look back up at him. He noted the momentary concern in John’s features before he rolled his eyes and began herding the soldier toward his bedroom.
Sherlock stared at some point in the air in front of him, blinking rapidly, for a solid twenty seconds.
So now Sherlock knew who he was, and John was only slightly nervous about that. He was captain of the rugby team, after all, and a future doctor. He was fairly confident that he’d be quite a catch. And Sherlock seemed interested enough, though it would be shocking if someone as model-gorgeous as Sherlock would want to be seen next to John, but he knew he wasn’t bad-looking at least.
[12:04AM] It’s an anniversary of sorts today. SH
He forced himself to get it together. To distract himself from the image, he pulled out his bottle of Cabernet and two glasses, giving them each a healthy portion. He passed John his wine and sat down beside him on the sofa, careful to keep himself at a respectable distance. He drank half his glass in one go as John watched him with amusement.
was commonly heard between them, or he might have been jealous of the bees for having any of Sherlock’s affection. Actually, scratch that, he was still a little bit jealous, but seeing Sherlock this awed, this wrapped up in one of their interests, made John’s heart soft in a way that melted the jealousy before it could affect him.
After a moment, John picked up one of the papers that had been scattered around on the floor. He scribbled something on it before passing it to Sherlock. His mobile number. John had honestly given Sherlock his number. “This way you don’t have to keep bugging your landlady when you want me to come over.”
Sherlock’s embarrassment seemed to fade when he caught sight of John’s expression. “Here I am,” he agreed.
Nearly a month into their acquaintance, SH apparently decided to bring things to the next level, which, for him, evidently meant bringing corpses into it.
John quirked an eyebrow up at Sherlock’s fumbled attempt at describing planetary motion. “Around their suns?” he suggested.
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
[1:03AM] No, babe, I’m not suggesting that at all. JW
“You look like you’re concentrating far too hard for a party,” John joked.
It was a fairly standard text that had the effect of making him seem interested and flirty while also not revealing that he had no idea what the hell her name was. He was quite proud of himself, and he’d have bragged about it to Stamford had Mike not been laying in bed next to a bucket with his girlfriend stroking his forehead. God, that mental image was terrible, and yet John wanted that so keenly.
John started to lower his gun slowly. He was looking at an alien, he knew. That must have been it. A very hot alien, in fact. John quirked an eyebrow up as he blatantly stared at the figure in front of him. By human standards, they were indeed attractive, and John couldn’t help but take notice.
“So, I spoke to your brother again,” he said. “Yes, I know he’s your brother now. He’s living as a human man in London, right?”
John sighed and wrapped one arm around Sherlock, trying to offer comfort for something he didn’t fully understand. “Am I still missing something?” he asked softly. Then, knowing that maybe Sherlock needed the extra push, he added, “Boyfriends should know these things about one another.”
. Sherlock’s fingers itched to reach out and pull John into a kiss, and he decided that he really needed to do that as soon as possible, lack of brushed teeth be damned. And then, before his brain had really agreed, in a surge of impulsivity in keeping with his character, he took two steps forward until his toes touched the corner of the shower, and when John looked over at him inquisitively, Sherlock took his face in his hands and kissed him square on the mouth. It was chaste and brief and sent Sherlock’s heart panicking almost immediately.
. Fairly unassuming face, evidence of the capacity for very stern or seductive expressions. Sandy blond-grey hair. Relatively short stature but with a strength in his body from his army training. Dark eyes that looked like they might have been blue. In addition, his familiarity with the ambulance indicated a medical background. He was therefore an attractive former doctor-soldier who had become a firefighter, likely for the added adrenaline rush. He was
John nodded, absentmindedly checking his temperature again. “Andrew Horne,” he said. “Denied it when he was first caught, but Lestrade found Rohypnol on him, and his phone records showed he’d called all of the victims shortly before they died.” John smoothed his hand across Sherlock’s forehead and into his curls briefly before pulling it away. “He had your number in his phone, too.” There was some lingering tension in John’s voice, as if he was still somehow worried that the man would harm Sherlock.
Then, feeling the need for honesty, he reluctantly added,
She carried on lecturing him about needing to not destroy things, but she did get him his additional biscuits, so he counted the interaction as a success anyway.
?  There was no mention of what had happened the previous night.  Surely the incident warranted
John laughed a little. He imagined Sherlock thought that made him sound cool and unattached. It was sort of cute. “I’m John Watson,” he said, holding a hand out toward Mrs. Hudson.
John smiled at him.  “Ready to go? I’ve got reservations for us at that Italian place down the street.”  His brow furrowed.  “Or do you not like Italian? Shit, I probably should have asked you, right?  We can go somewhere else if you want.  Indian, maybe? Thai?”
Sherlock immediately put his hand on John’s arm. “I love them,” he murmured earnestly.
It was ridiculous that John would thank him for such a thing. “Thank
“Ye-es,” Sherlock responded, dragging the word out and attempting to figure out what about Lestrade’s marriage was important enough to John to get him to repeat back that bit of information.
John took his gun out of his waistband and set it down on the floor. The last thing he needed was for Sherlock to feel overly threatened by him just then. “Is that how you think I see you?” he asked, voice almost teasing. “As an annoyance? Or a smart-arse? I mean, you are a bit of a smart-arse on occasion, so you’re not too far off there.” Sherlock looked away, and John winced. “Right. Not ready to joke around just yet.”
John’s expression changed a bit. He looked disturbed, but Sherlock didn’t think he had done anything particularly upsetting in the last two seconds, so he had no idea what caused that. “What’s this DI like?” His tone was purposefully casual, but Sherlock could tell that something was wrong. He knew he wasn’t good at making friendly conversation, and perhaps his jab about John thinking him too young to be a detective had been more offensive than he’d intended.
Comments/kudos appreciated!
“I don’t want you to change who you are just because you think it’ll make me happy,” John said.
Sherlock’s near-tears were interrupted with a startled laugh of his own. It sounded awkward to his ears. “No, not at all,” he said.
“I thought we were going to kiss earlier, but I was wrong,” Sherlock said, and that was not what he had meant to say at all.
“Your stature,” Sherlock told him.
John stood up, pulling his hand from Sherlock’s in the process. He clenched his hands into fists. “Oi, watch it,” he said, voice deadly.
John was normally fascinated at seeing Sherlock in their true form, but now, it just felt like a punch to the gut. It seemed as though Sherlock was preparing to return to their own planet in every way possible. John clenched and unclenched his fist a few times. “Right,” he said. Sherlock was really going to leave, then. Not because of that threat, though, John knew. Sherlock wasn’t the sort to dash off because someone told them to. No, this was because they’d grown bored. Just as John had suspected. “Right,” he said again.  And now they had brought him there to rub it in. That was cruel, even for them.
The name was oddly familiar, and when John looked up Sherlock Holmes on Facebook, he discovered that the kid looked familiar as well. John tried to place that (beautiful, breathtaking, ethereal) face, and he finally decided that Sherlock Holmes looked a bit like that scrawny kid who hung out behind the pitch during rugby matches. John had never gotten a good enough look at that guy (other than some shameless staring at his arse) to be sure, though. He pictured that arse on Sherlock, who looked so gorgeous John could hardly breathe, and then he had to take a few deep, calming breaths to prevent spontaneous combustion. Christ, he was smitten with this guy.
After readying himself and warding off several texts from Mike (all including various forms of, ‘You have a date, don’t you?’ and, ‘Who is she?’), John ended up getting to Speedy’s ten minutes early. As he entered the place, he was forced to check his watch again and confirm that, yes, it was still slightly before noon, and, yes, he was early—a fact that seemed dubious because Sherlock Holmes was already there, seated at a table off to the side.
[1:19AM] I’m not the idiot you seem to think I am, Sherlock. I’m not going to run into the path of a bullet. JW
At about the same time, Sherlock discovered pirates. His parents had given him a book that told him all about a pirate named Blackbeard.  Sherlock decided that he would be a pirate when he grew up, and he took to wearing an eye-patch he had crafted out of one of his father’s socks.
The two of them shuffled past the bar, and Sherlock tried to look for John among the other patrons lined up there, but he didn’t catch sight of that now-familiar silhouette.
From: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
In which that minor angst is resolved.
had a heart condition, he concluded.
John desperately hoped for an affirmative answer, and, after another four minutes of waiting, he let out a sigh of relief.
So in one of my classes last year we were taught about how the traditional plot model (exposition, rising action, climax, falling action, resolution) is really male-oriented, in that there is only one main climax in the whole thing, whereas a female plot model might have several climaxes during the course of a work.
John relaxed more and more, his expression softening. He let a hand drift into Sherlock’s hair, stroking it sweetly. “Come here,” he murmured after a moment, using his grip on Sherlock’s curls to pull him upward until their lips were pressed together once more.
Molly looked up at him in slight horror.  “How did you know it was him that invited me?  Oh, god, have I been that obvious?”
—into the bedroom. John tossed him down on the bed, and Sherlock grunted at being dropped so suddenly and shot John a half-hearted glare. John merely smirked at him.
“I have no idea,” John replied honestly.
“Good.”
. Significantly bigger than Sherlock, who knew that he was only moderately below the national average. Thick, too. That was the sort of cock people dreamt of.
Sherlock huffed out a sigh and turned around to see who was talking to him. Three firefighters stood before him. The one that had spoken was clearly the leader. He had an additional stripe on his gaudy yellow helmet, and there were two white markings on his collar. They all had matching glares on their faces, as if they were somehow going to be able to intimidate him into moving away from the scene. How quaint. “I’m going to investigate the arson and suspected murder that just occurred here,” Sherlock told them, raising an eyebrow as if daring them to argue with him.
,” Sherlock said, and John practically growled in response.
Suddenly strong arms were wrapped around his neck from behind. Sherlock jumped a bit, not having heard John get up from his chair, but almost immediately relaxed back into his partner.
Lestrade nodded once more and left the flat.
“You don’t pace yourself much, do you?” John asked him with a smirk.
“Leaving.” Sherlock didn’t look him in the eye, instead choosing to look anywhere but at John. “I understand that this is an awkward situation for you, so I’m removing myself from it.”
Subject: RE: You never do this
part of his anatomy under control, as he could hardly risk embarrassing himself when he met up with John later.
John broke the kiss and bent down to pant against his neck. “You’re so hot. How did you get to be so hot?” He nibbled at Sherlock’s skin, and at the whine that move earned him, he smirked and started to suck on Sherlock’s neck in earnest. He only pulled back when there was clearly going to be a visible mark lingering in that spot for days.
When the reached the restaurant, they were seated almost instantly, owing to the fact that John had made them a reservation.  Sherlock busied himself with the menu, trying to keep himself occupied so he wouldn’t say anything too embarrassing.  As his eyes scanned the pastas, though, a thought occurred to him, and he dropped the menu back onto the table.  John glanced over at him, concern in his features.
When he was done, he released Sherlock’s hair and let go of his own softening erection. Sherlock leaned back slowly, licking at the head and swallowing. John groaned at the sight and felt his cock twitch half-heartedly. He immediately bent down and kissed Sherlock again, faintly able to taste himself on Sherlock’s tongue. When he was too exhausted to stay in that position any longer, he broke the kiss and flopped onto his back on the bed. Sherlock immediately rolled over and wrapped around him, head on John’s shoulder.
Hopkins, one of the DIs Sherlock had recently taken to, went first. “Never have I ever broken a bone.”
[4:20PM] It’s a good thing I have a boyfriend who loves me. SH
This was what he did with his victims, Sherlock recalled. This was how he figured out where they lived. He got their numbers, took them home, and then returned to kill them later. He struggled to pull out his phone as the man eased him out of his seat. He needed to send a text to John, but his limbs didn’t seem to be cooperating to their fullest capacity, and his vision was spinning so much that he could hardly see what he was typing. He was being led outside, not solid enough to fight, and he hoped he’d been able to press send.
Sherlock laughed. “I highly doubt we’ll be invited back to one of those. I believe that was what people call TMI.”
Subject: RE: You never do this
“Sherlock, you’ve got
This, he knew, would change things, and he feared that it wouldn’t be for the better.
[25 August, 5:18PM] So you’re just not accepting payment for any jobs you take? SH
Wilkes didn’t look deterred. “Next time keep your pathetic little
“We should do this again,” John said through a mouthful of eggs.
Now, Sherlock was putting in order the flat that had once belonged to both of them, that still technically belonged to both of them but had been inhabited by only one for so long.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock said, though it came out a little hoarse.
“So that you might have a better impression of what they’re like before you dismiss them entirely,” Mycroft said, tone going a bit darker until those words almost sounded like a threat. “Now, I suggest you go back to them and ask them what they’re doing with their ship, because I assure you they are not planning to leave.”
Sherlock mentally cursed himself for not passing the front desk fast enough. He glanced up to see a few of Seb’s buddies hanging around, all of them staring at him.  After only a moment’s hesitation, Sherlock made his way toward them.  While Seb trivialised his deductions, at least he provided an opportunity for Sherlock to show off.
He obligingly kissed them again, this time parting his lips and licking gently against Sherlock’s. John was rewarded with a little
Three days later, Sherlock had managed to get himself out of the flat. After ages without a case, Lestrade had finally phoned him. Of course, as it turned out, the case was painfully simple, and Lestrade was only able to keep him occupied for the duration of the morning. As he re-entered 221, feeling that crushing boredom beginning to take hold once more, Mrs. Hudson popped her head out of 221A.
Sherlock felt his cheeks heat. “You think so?”
Your confidence in me is, as ever, inspiring.
John was, as always, impressed. “
In which John is okay.
Sherlock didn’t figure it out for another three days. There had been seemingly no connections between the victims or the locations in which they had been held and set ablaze. It took hours of digging through property records and class lists before Sherlock discovered the common factor. Anthony Blaine. He’d gone to primary school with the first victim and secondary school with the second and third. His family had also been previous owners of the three flats that had been targeted thus far. There was only one flat left before their current residence, and Sherlock wasted no time in getting there. If the pattern held as expected, then Blaine would attempt to kill again before the day was out.
He nodded. “Yeah, go ahead.” They undid the button and zip on his trousers and whined loudly when John was forced to get up from the bed in order to shuck his trousers and pants entirely. John smirked over at them. “God, you’re eager, aren’t you?”
After touching his hand.
They stood there for a moment longer, staring at one another. Sherlock had no idea what was going on, but John didn’t seem to be offended anymore, and he counted that as a success. Still, he worried that if he spoke again, he would end up saying something else seemingly innocuous that would upset John, so he merely walked over to the kitchen table and sat down there, where he flipped through one of his books about bees and tried to keep silent.
“You have questions,” Sherlock said as soon as they’d settled down onto the sofa in the sparse living area.
“Go on,” Murray said. “Give us a demonstration.” His eyes lit up. “I’ve got it. See if you can tell who shagged last night.”
[1:18AM] I’m not going to get shot. JW
John quirked an eyebrow up and smirked. “Oh? So that’s the only reason you like it?”
are.  This is so exciting.  Will you tell me who he is?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Without lifting his head up, John could feel Mike wince across from him. “Christ, that’s bad,” he said, clearly feeling sorry for Sherlock.
“What’s the last thing you remember?”
“Oh, oh, oh,” he gasped, eyes going wide as he realised that he was on the verge of coming.
“Something’s happened,” Sherlock said as soon as they laid eyes on John.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Here, I’ll get you another one,” John was saying, taking his empty cup. “Do you want another rum, or do you want to try something else?”
“Fell out of a tree when I was six while trying to get a closer look at some bees, and ended up breaking my arm,” Sherlock explained. He was starting to feel much more kindly toward this game. If it allowed him to discover more things about John, then he figured he could certainly play it through to the end. After all, he simply loved knowing things about John.
Mrs. Hudson looked fondly at the two of them. “Well, I’m about to take one of my herbal soothers—for my hip, you know—so I’ll let you boys go. It was a pleasure to meet you, John.”
“Hi…oh, shit, really?  Damn…yeah, I can be there soon…don’t let him out of your sight.  Bye.”  John pocketed the phone before glancing up at Sherlock, his expression apologetic.
Sherlock offered a small smile in return.  “Yes, essentially.  I know you’re a medical student because the books you bring with you to the library are all for courses required for anyone studying medicine.  Judging by the books you have, I can estimate exactly how far along in your studies you are, leading me to believe that you’re twenty-three years old.”
Sherlock stared at John before allowing a slight smile to appear on his lips. “That’s not what people usually say.”
From: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
[4:52PM] I hate you. SH
To: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
Sherlock was not conscious of anything else until nearly seventy-two hours after he and John had returned from the club, and for that he was grateful. He hardly wanted to be aware of feeling as dreadful as he had been. Now, he seemed to be doing much better, which was proven when he opened his eyes without his entire body immediately protesting.
John beamed at him.  “Next time,” he said, and it sounded like a promise.
Subject: RE: You never do this
Hey.  Done with your ban on cases?
John leveled them with a cold expression. As if they didn’t know. He wasn’t sure what game they were playing, but he wasn’t having it. “Your way back to your own planet.” And then, to prove that he could be as detached as Sherlock was, he added, “Leave tomorrow for all I care.” With that, he turned on his heel and stormed off.
[4:54PM] That’s what you said to me on our first morning together. SH
It was passable. Certainly the best sexual encounter I’ve ever had, but don’t let that go to your head.
he thought,
Somehow the flat was already cluttered with Sherlock’s things, and John wondered how Sherlock had even acquired so many possessions when they’d been essentially isolated in the forest for so long. But, as he looked around, John decided that it didn’t much matter how Sherlock’s acquisitions had arrived there, because seeing so many reflections of his partner in their new shared space simply made the flat feel that much more like home.
John had been working at El Panadero Biological Research Station for nearly a year now, and there were some things that were just impossible to get used to. For example, the mantled howler monkeys that lived out in the adjacent forest that decided to start shouting at half past four every morning just outside his window.
He looked around, trying to locate John in the relative bustle of the café. Sherlock finally caught sight of John coming out of the back, where he had clearly been baking judging by the flour that covered his apron.
Sherlock grimaced.  He might have been a bit too obvious there.  Best to take the focus off of himself, then.
“Mm, I think your brilliant boyfriend certainly will be when we get home.”
Sherlock shifted uneasily. “He’s a normal Detective Inspector,” he answered, his words coming out far slower and more tempered than before. He tried to watch John’s reaction to see if he was doing it wrong still. When John merely continued to stare at him with that level gaze, Sherlock nervously began adding to his previous statement. “He’s cleverer than most by some standards, as he’s the only one that seems to recognise my worth at this point, but less clever by other standards, as he refuses to see that his wife has been cheating on him for months now.”
“You shouldn’t have come here in the first place,” someone said. The voice was coming from inside Sherlock’s room. Adrenaline pounded through John’s veins. No one else was meant to be at El Panadero. He’d stopped in his tracks on his way up the stairs upon hearing that voice, old instincts kicking in.
, he heard from his left. That particular trail ended abruptly at the edge of the river, and the dead-end would allow John to confront whoever was out there without the possibility of their escape.
“You’re staring,” Sherlock murmured, turning to face John.
There was another laugh. “You know, I’m sure you could have. You’re brilliant. Murray, let this guy onto the scene. If he’s as clever as he sounds, he’ll know to avoid the structurally unstable bits.”
So he sat there with Molly until he caught a glimpse of Lestrade heading back out to meet them.  “That’s my cue,” he told her, heading onto the pitch to begin the walk back to his room. His body had finally calmed himself, so he could thankfully move without being too much of an embarrassment.
“Anything for you,” John breathed, and in that moment, it truly sounded like he meant it. He rocked his hips up again, adding a big more kick to his thrusts now but taking away none of their tenderness.
The next time he woke, he felt slightly better, though it seemed that the nausea had been exchanged for a bone-deep fatigue. It was dark and quiet outside in a way that indicated the early hours of the morning.
Sherlock glanced over at him, just briefly, and said, “Suffering through a few minutes of small-talk with a creep is a small price to pay for catching a killer.” It was a very noble sentiment, he though after, and he did believe it, but it hardly made it any easier to pull himself away from John and return to his table.
Okay, so this was three weeks instead of two, but that's still more on target than I was last time!  Sorry about that, but I hope you enjoy!
John pulled back and laughed lightly, though the noise was so tinged with arousal that Sherlock couldn’t even be upset that he was being laughed at. “I had no idea you’d be so responsive,” John commented, and he seemed surprisingly enraptured by that fact. He teased Sherlock’s other nipple while his hands dragged down the pale body before him until he was cupping the front of Sherlock’s trousers.
“You and I are just friends,” Molly told him softly, “and I’ve never seen you look at me like that.  Even when I was mad about you, you never looked at me like that.”  Her smile turned wistful for a moment, and he opened his mouth to say something—apologise maybe—but she held up a hand, cutting him off. “It’s fine, really. I’m definitely over that. I’m just saying.” She shrugged.
During the following week, Sherlock focused primarily on his studies. It was rare for him to attend lectures as often as he did that week, but he hardly cared that he had changed his routine. He needed to keep himself occupied.
Sherlock was glad that he had the oxygen mask over his nose and mouth to remind him to breathe, because he was fairly certain he’d have forgotten otherwise.  Of course, that merely made him look more foolish in comparison to possibly the most attractive man he'd ever seen.
Sherlock could feel a ridiculously sappy smile unfurling on his lips, and John’s expression only got brighter in response. “Mrs. Hudson will be thrilled,” he said.
[2:57AM] Are you crying? JW
God, he was a sap. He was going to get them a dog immediately if this was the reaction Sherlock had to being around them. He’d have to plant some bee-friendly flowers in the small box outside their new flat’s window as well. He wanted Sherlock to look this happy every day for the rest of their lives.
John gave an aggrieved sigh and shook his head, although there was a smile pulling up at the corner of his lips. He tore off the sheet of paper and tossed it to the floor along with all of their previous drawings. He set to work again, this time moving much more slowly, ostensibly to increase his accuracy.
[5:00PM] You’re still obsessed with me. SH
“Calm down,” Lestrade said, trying to be the reasonable adult in this situation. “It’s not his fault you were cheating on Katie.”
if you want!
Sherlock didn’t talk to him for the rest of the hour, and the green tinge remained on his cheeks until dinner.
Sherlock started at John’s voice, as if he hadn’t been expecting to hear it. In fact, Sherlock’s eyes had been glued to his phone up until a minute prior. He cast a glance down at his empty mug and grimaced, clearly knowing that it had given away the fact that he had indeed gotten there ridiculously early. “Not that long,” he still tried to claim, but it was clear that he knew that neither of them believed him.
Sherlock smiled back hesitantly.  “Hello.”
“I can’t imagine these stairs are very comfortable to lie on,” John said, standing up. “Besides, I can’t wait to see the state of your flat.”
Mike patted him on the back. “Well, you can try showing him that you’re not ashamed to be seen with him. Invite him out again?”
“What time is he picking you up?”
, he thought,
“He’s in custody now, isn’t he?”
There was nothing for it. He caught a cab back to Baker Street. Guilt settled uncomfortably over him. He wasn’t used to feeling like this. It was so rare for people to depend on him like this, so he almost never had the opportunity to let others down quite this severely. For the first time in months, he craved the needle.
Unbidden, the thought that John was about to ask him out crossed his mind. He felt hope flare within him, bright and hot and unexpected.
Comments/kudos appreciated, and you can always find me at
And the repairman was the most attractive man he had ever seen. He stood there, in the kitchen, his too-tight T-shirt clinging to him over a fine sheen of sweat. His hair was sticking up a bit where he’d run his hands through it. It was a military haircut, Sherlock noticed, which fit with the overall stature of this man. He was strong and held himself like a soldier, and Sherlock had always loved a military man, and,
From: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
Sherlock shuddered. There was something about the way John talked to him that made him feel hot all over.
[5:02PM] How is it over there? SH
“You’re getting close, aren’t you?” he asked, knowing that he wouldn’t receive a verbal answer. “Wish you could see yourself like this. Fucking perfection, you are.”
Sherlock considered saying no. He’d always turned down advances in the past, and this
, it said on the front.  He hesitated, not sure if he really wanted to read what the note said, but he eventually forced himself to pick it up.  If John was going to tell him that it had all been a mistake, Sherlock would rather get that over with while they weren’t in the same room.
There were benefits to being the caretaker of a research station that was only used for five months out of the year. Once the primatologists left, John had the entire place to himself. Twelve hectares of forest, all for him.
John tried to not imagine Sherlock mating with dozens of other members of their species just for the sake of increasing their reproductive success. There was no reason for him to be
Sh’lok, as usual, was not eating or drinking while on mission (John thought yet again with some amusement of having heard the Vulcan turn down even water, saying “It slows me down”). He was on his feet, arms folded, worrying away at the problem facing them.
have sought a billet, I've had little
“Wait," Sh'lok said. "I will escort you.”
Sh’lok knew her resolve. He held still.
“Have you been monkeying with my refractory period?”
John couldn’t bear it any more, had to move. He took a few steps  toward the dais, caught S’kroft’s eye. “What happens to Sh’lok if I decline?”
And hence, in his eyes, worthless.
question,” he said between bursts of it, “that you could ask me—that I wouldn’t answer.
he told himself.
good. John had no idea how it was that he hadn’t come yet, for he could feel Sh’lok’s astonishment and joy at how he could feel John’s pleasure as if it was his own, at the way John could feel what Sh’lok was doing as if
conspiring against me.
The executioner stepped swiftly out from one side to push between John and Lestrade, lightly swinging up that razory feather of steel to level the edge of it just millimeters away from Lestrade’s throat. Lestrade did a half-disturbed, half-impressed doubletake at the glinting edge of the thing, then glanced at John with an expression in which grimness well outweighed any humor.
of unusually striking looks even for someone from that species—dark-haired, high-
Yet here, plainly, was a man who did not merely tolerate him because he was good at what he did: who saw Sh’lok, and respected him… or saw and respected something in him that he found familiar.
Something came to him then, maybe from some other childhood story
Tharn said.
“I don't think we'll need to, Mr. Appel,” John said. “Mr. Vanderberg, we'll need a complete subsurface chart of all the drifts, galleries and tunnels—”
he said, “and have had some rest, say tomorrow some time, you and I are going to have a discussion about how we’re going to handle situations like this in the future. And this discussion will involve advanced concepts like
“John.”
Sh’lok looked at him, and John realised that his sudden wince of pain was not merely about what the thing inside him was doing to his nervous system. “Captain,” Sh’lok said, “I think you know. Or suspect.”
Before he could get any more frightened, John reached up to the half-dome of the Teacher device and guided it down to hang just over Lestrade’s head.
But there wasn’t enough data to resolve those issues yet: they’d have to wait.
As he came up onto deck six, John was already thinking about the upcoming meeting with the Provisioning department’s head and assistant head—who’d just better have stopped feuding over seniority issues after the talk he’d had with them last week—and making plans for what to do if they hadn’t, when a turbolift door hissed open and shut behind him and a voice said, “Oh, Captain. Got a minute?”
Enterprise’s
on it! So you can take advantage of his homecoming tantrum to mess up the official version of the data and stash the genuine article away safe for your own later analysis. Oh, and don’t forget to destroy the analyses we did under voicelock—the lock won’t prevent you from just deleting them. Might be smart to make it look like we did that ourselves to keep the results from being reproduced. We’ll be your scapegoats.” John grinned.
so that the resultant tan line is
They ran. Moments later they came to the spot where the crewman had fallen.
at John and slashing his uniform tunic open right across—and also slicing John’s chest open from side to side, by sheer good luck just a millimeter-deep scratch. John stared down at his stinging chest and then up at Sh’lok in horror, realising what could have happened had he been standing so much as a pace closer.
Sh’lok arched an eyebrow in utter astonishment at the situation into which the universe had thrown him. “Fascinating,” he murmured.
and similar sophistry and fancy footwork of a kind that ill befits an officer and a gentleman.”
But a second later he didn’t care that he didn’t understand what had happened. The softness of the loose curls and waves was irresistible, and John slid his fingers through them in delight.
He could have fallen to his knees and let that cry of anguish out, even here. But all Sh’lok could think of was how, should he ever have done such a thing, the man whom he had just killed would infallibly have knelt down by him and touched him and given him a moment to calm himself before asking what was the matter…
Quickly John realised that all this treasure, every single piece of it, was a fragment of data, or of memory. And this incredible mind held so much data cached that John kept wondering
The sweat had broken out on John in a way that had nothing to do with the heat… though that was still bad enough. And the narrow-eyed, bloodthirsty glare that Sh’lok was leveling at him was doing sod all for John’s composure.
John headed to the door, the others accompanying him. Just in the doorway, he turned. “Mr. Sh’lok,” he said, “have those Transporter circuits checked. I want a complete analysis.”
it. Find out what had happened. Find out how to
of mine.
to feel. Once I mastered this tactic, few wished to perceive more than once their inner selves as I saw them under such circumstances. Quickly they abandoned that tactic and moved on to others less personally painful. But I realized then that it was possible my differences made me stronger than anyone knew. And off my own planet, out among the aliens, journeying, learning, who knew how strong I might become? So….”
Vanderberg looked at the Vulcan as if he’d taken leave of his senses. “When that creature appears, men die!”
“My mind to your mind,” the Captain said, his eyes narrowing. “My thoughts to your thoughts, Sh’lok.
John thought. “Proceed,” he said, as quietly as Lestrade.
At that Kara looked nonplussed. “Killing, yes, it happens,” John said. “It’s never a good thing, no matter how you try to justify it. But what
Now, though, he found himself dealing with a possibility that was causing him a new, active and much sharper pain: the idea that his personal failings had kept the situation at Deneva from being revealed far earlier than it had been.
“I do not know these things you speak of,” said the woman in purple.
When the Sickbay door hissed open before him, Lestrade’s eyes and Donovan’s and Mrs. Hudson’s all went briefly wide with relief on seeing him, and then wider,
were ringing over and over again in John’s head like that dark-voiced gong.
“You got lucky,” the blonde woman said. “I'm surprised you could be caught off-guard that way.”
At his best friend's wedding, Captain John H. Watson of the Starship
reason to accuse and condemn him.
John thought.
She turned away and the door shut behind her.
Anderson stared as the man wearing the body that looked so like John Watson’s stopped short at the far side of the Transporter console, staring at the viewscreen that showed Halka rotating serenely below them. For a moment he froze there, and then swung around, staring at the room and plainly failing to find things there that he was expecting.
Mrs. Hudson gave him a look that was completely unconvinced. “You’re an engineer now,” she said, and turned away to lean against the desk, musing. “…I’ll have to tap the power we need from the warp engines and balance it for the four of us.”
there
nasty little innovation.” He pulled at his own belt. “What a way to maintain control over a man.”
“Existing so differently from any living matter or energy as we know it…” John said. “It may have come here, planet by planet, from an entirely different galaxy.”
Lestrade was not up for waiting for ‘later’, though, on some matters anyway. “There's just one thing, Mr. Sh’lok,” Lestrade said. “You can't tell me that when you first saw John alive that you weren't on the verge of giving us an emotional scene that would have brought the house down—”
“Our pleasure, Chief. Watson out.” John hit the comms button, then glanced up at Sh’lok.
. What was there now was frankly a masterwork built out of bone-memory-guided calciridiograft and clonilage; it would be sheerest ingratitude to resent it. And though the big overlapping patch of autoderm covering it wasn’t perfect no matter how many times John had to get it regrown, it all
, to—
There was nothing for it but to deploy logic, against which the Captain (to his credit) normally had little resistance. “One of the creatures will have to be captured and analysed, Captain. We did not have a clear opportunity to do so earlier when I was attacked. Since my nervous system is already affected, as you pointed out, Doctor, I don't believe they can do much more to me.”
A hot wind, dryly fragrant, ran over those dunes, shaping them, blowing a thin haze of sand and dust off their tops. John breathed in the scent of that wind and shivered briefly, for he would have recognised it anywhere. It was Vulcan; and it was
“Mr. Sh'lok,” John said quietly. “Come with me, please.”
Deneva
to not find that man standing in his proper place. “Sh’lok?” John stared around him.
“Beta-III C-111.”
John sagged back into the center seat for a moment, trying to process what he’d just seen. Behind him, Lestrade and Hudson dropped the hands with which they’d been shielding their eyes. Sh’lok turned back to his console and checked his viewer. “All clear, Captain. Hull temperature falling; gravimetric pull approaching normal tolerances.”
Sh’lok put his elbows up on the table and steepled his hands together. “When the mother Horta and I were joined in mind,” Sh’lok said—and there was something hesitant about his voice, which was different for him— “She communicated something rather disturbing to me.”
John had no fucking intention of standing anywhere except right where he was— in fact, no intention at this point except to have something go wrong for somebody who
he thought.
“Aye, aye, sir.”
clear on this. You’re just in from a
Eyes still closed, face still pressed against the pillow, John Watson had to smile: even though there was the faintest touch of sadness about the smile, even though he knew the other would feel/hear it. Even though that word had become (John suspected) Sh’lok’s favorite one in the whole Vulcan language, he was still slightly uncertain about saying it.
“Yes, Captain?”
When Sh’lok turned away again, the expression had sealed down again to something much more neutral. “Lock on to secondary city,” he said.
He stood there dusting his hands off and considering what to do next.
John reached out for the lift’s controller handle. “Deck five,” he said, glancing at Sh’lok’s face. At first glance it seemed as impassive as ever, but John knew him too well to be fooled; there was a dazed quality to Sh’lok at the moment, something not quite right in those pale eyes.
“What is the nature of the research?”
Because I stand in serious need
Behind him, Farrell nodded at the limp Bradstreet, whom he and his junior henchman were propping up between them. “The booth for this one, sir?”
Sometimes the things John found were audio cues held in the shape of some artifact meant to recall them. Others still were knots or sets of sensory cues encoded into particularly large, striking jewels. One big ruby had held the glare of the strange, dark hot light from the inside of a vast interstellar single-celled organism, and the stink of burning metal and singeing plastic, and the sound of Lestrade’s voice yelling, “Shut up, Sh’lok, we’re
“No, but you can move the equivalent of the sun to Deneva! Mr. Sh’lok?”
in place after you offed Stamford,” she said. “You were never one of Intelligence’s preferences for the captaincy. But then you started demonstrating… unusual aptitudes.” She smiled, not at the situation, but at
“Probably safest to assume ‘no’ and go on from there.”
“You mean, how’s it doing what it’s doing?” She shrugged in bemusement. “Beats me. But isn’t she lovely?”
John reached for the controller as they got in. “Bridge,” he said.
did or not:
John Watsons. And with there being so very many, excellent odds that, that—”
John thought.
John’s eyes widened a little at that. At the same time, Bradstreet came up behind him, saying, “Captain, I've got something, but I can't quite get a fix on it…”
He had been expecting it. The message’s arrival meant that, along with the clock that was already counting down inside his head—for Sh’lok had seen the analysis of that very peculiar Transport, and had had time to run some calculations on the way the field densities in local space were changing—another one was now added.
John saw her carriage go erect with determination, and smiled through a moment’s concern for those other poor ships’ captains, who—assuming she
The events outside the turbolift had seemed to take far longer than they actually had. Bones and Mrs. Hudson were just approaching his quarters’ door when John got there. He waved them in and secured the door behind them.
He decided. “Have the transporter room stand by. I'm taking a landing party down to planet six.”
But there was always the possibility that the reactor, already well along in the process of going supercritical, might decide to get ahead of itself and make a fool of his Chief Engineer… not to mention all the rest of them.
John shook her a bit. “You’re lying!”
ones). But John was now regretting that his diplomacy unit at the Academy had had so little to say about the proper handling of council rooms full of (undeniably) attractive women in very short lame dresses in an assortment of colors—said women all being equipped with devices with which they could render you unconscious at a whim.
Sh’lok would not meet John’s eyes, which was unusual. When he spoke, his voice still had that angry edge to it. “It is undignified,” Sh’lok said, “for a woman to play servant to a man who is not hers. I did not r—”
She took a breath, pulled the earpiece out of her ear and laid it down on the comms console. Then, with every appearance of unconcern and ease, she got up, still carrying her padd stylus in one hand, and meandered down from the console ring into the space by the centre seat. Over toward the helm console Donovan wandered, assuming the look and the manner she’d been planning for some minutes.
It had been logical, it had seemed necessary… but John hadn’t at all realised that in the execution, this idea was going to be truly awful to bear. He stood there looking at the Vulcan’s face, which was a mask, and his eyes, which were empty; and then he wanted to turn away, but couldn’t—it seemed like a betrayal. Very quietly John said to Lestrade, “Bring him along.”
“A life form, Captain. Bearing one hundred eleven degrees, elevation four degrees.”
The “John Watson” snarled at him in uncomprehending rage. “Has the whole galaxy gone crazy?” He yanked at his tunic. “What kind of a uniform is this? Where's your beard? What's going on?
Once more John let the hand holding his phaser drop a little toward his side, more slowly. After a second, once again the creature rumbled half a meter or so toward him. Quickly John raised the weapon again, and immediately the creature shuffled itself back to where it had been. There it stood—or lay, or crouched, who knew—plainly watching him, however it was doing that.
But he wasn’t. John’s First Officer rolled weakly toward him, collapsing against him, gasping in pain and shock, his eyes horribly vacant of anything but agony. All John could think of as he held the helpless Sh’lok in his arms and away from the cold stone of the paving was Clara’s eyes, glazed over with this identical anguish that Lestrade had been helpless to understand or assuage.
“Carry on.”
this single time in Vulcan public life when it was permissible, even expected, to do so. The heat built in Sh’lok’s blood as something that could physically be felt as fire, and it was good,
…And now there was another problem, as the computer at his elbow came alive with light and its typical processing noise. He studied the pattern of its readout lights for a moment.
Greg froze. The ticking clock was on his mind, and also the need not to say or reveal anything to this man that would make it impossible for them all to get home.
He headed for the door to the council room. Immediately one of the two Morgs in the room moved to block it.
“But do you really want to waste time doing this?” John said, his voice echoing with his certainty in that huge space. “Because we’ve not got a lot of that to spare. You may be stronger here, but you have
“Indeed. His act warrants death.”
“Your agoniser, please.”
maybe, but
Behind T’Eyreen came another woman, taller and more strongly and lithely built, in silver tunic over black like the livery of the footmen or guards or whatever they were. She had long red hair that caught even more of the hot red light of the sky in its looped-up coils, along with large eyes, high cheekbones and a pretty rosebud of a mouth. But her expression was set grim, and as she went by she threw Sh’lok a glance that, Vulcan-originated or not, was clearly of the
He looked back at Sh’lok, who was still shaking his head; but the gesture was quicker now, more vehement, a gesture of anger and rejection. “Murderers!” Sh’lok cried, and fell silent again for a moment as if he was having to push the words out through painful resistance. “Of
conclusion.
Sh’lok closed his mouth, tilted his head and gazed at John for a moment… then said: “I am open to suggestions.”
John sighed. “Forty-eight hours is better than nothing. Gather what you need and beam down here with it. Top priority.”
John nodded. “If I understood him right, while apparently all branchings of all universes are infinitely possible, they’re not
“Mr. Sh’lok,” John said, not looking at him for the moment— not until he could get command of himself back again. He focused on the empty, broken half-nodule in his hand. “Mr. Sh’lok!”
For it counted for John too: one of the most important things, maybe
It took him some moments. Slowly Sh’lok opened his eyes, remembered what they were for; focused again, looked around him.
John shrugged. “This is where they live! They digest rock. They tunnel for nourishment.”
And Clara was dead…
“Those round silicon nodules that you've been collecting and destroying? They're her
Sex between consenting Starfleet officers... and the aftermath.
“Later for that,” Sh’lok said. “Now you have to be someone else.” It was an amiable and informal version of the programming language he used on his mind to describe changing roles and circumstances. “Remember: no one comes in here. Destroy them if they try. Especially—” he pointed at the door at the farthest end of the corridor where they stood. “Especially if they try to get in
He walked away feeling inexplicably lighter.
other Sh’loks…” He stared at John in amazement. “Then there can be more than just one other John Watson. Many,
A parallel universe co-existing with ours, on another dimensional plane. Everything's duplicated, almost. Another
Sh’lok quirked an eyebrow. “Captain, this means that
And it wasn’t over yet. If he was any judge—and (with a shiver of anticipation) he very much hoped he was — the evening could prove far more momentous.
The creature watched John move, but aside from a little shuffling in place, it didn’t shift position in any significant way, and the purring/pulsing/throbbing sound got slower. John found a place where the cavern wall was straight and smooth enough for him to put his back up against it comfortably, and squatted down there, eyeing his odd companion.
“Indeed. This tunnel was cut within the last two minutes.”
A five year mission.
free me, it would be the same. For you would be gone, and I would have your name and your property, and perhaps even your child, by whose existence  everything else of yours on Vulcan would be given me to control… and T’Kait would still be there.”
“Let me show you,” Sh’lok murmured. “Show me
Enterprise
Let him
John felt guilty for having encouraged her even this far. He let go of her hands, got up and headed for the door. Behind him, Mary let out a little breath of bitter laughter. Half-turning, he saw her wrap the folds of the negligee around her and almost huddle into them for a second—then fling them aside again, as if contemptuous of her own pain, or its revelation. Her expression was all too readable:
John’s mouth dropped open as the eye regarded him—a bit blearily, he thought.
The last breath she managed to draw came out again in a scream that sounded as if it should have torn her throat in two. Arching against the bed, Clara convulsed, then stiffened—
Yet the answer, as he slid his gaze toward Sh’lok, was that side-seen glint of eyes again: that faint curl of smile. And all of a sudden John felt the tone of what was passing between them undergo a subtle shift. They were
John slid his eyes sideways and caught Lestrade’s flicker of surprise at that—and his recognition that in
John wasn't sure what to make of some of this, and anyway at the moment his attention was mostly on Lestrade. The doctor waved the hand sensor over the wounded area for some seconds—then stopped to stare at the tricorder’s readout screen, and shot John an incredulous look. Lestrade opened his mouth as if to speak, then stopped. Apparently even in situations as stressful as this his bedside manner didn’t run to shouting diagnoses across a cave.
“A commission?”
, perhaps, but still— “Is not needed
It took the three of them some moments to struggle to their feet again, John making sure he had hold of that control when he did. He found himself staggering a bit when he was up, and had to concentrate for some moments on rediscovering his sense of balance. When he had leisure to move on from that, John realised that Kara was holding a desperate but presently rather one-sided conversation with the uninhabited body restraining her. “We will die!” she was saying. “You must not take the Controller away. We will all
And John started down the left-hand tunnel. As he went he noted without comment the Vulcan’s briefly raised eyebrow, and walked steadily on as if he couldn’t hear that Sh’lok, watching him, didn’t move until John’s tunnel curved enough that he could no longer be seen.
“Human,” Sh’lok said, and shrugged a fractional shrug. “…Like the cigar.”
He glanced toward Mrs. Hudson for confirmation. She was already nodding. But Lestrade was shaking his head. “John, what are the
break
doesn’t?
“Yes,” Sh’lok breathed. “I see.”
“Of course,” he murmured, in astonishment, in wonder. “Of course!” Lestrade looked at John, and said, “A child could do it.
John simply wallowed in that kiss until it broke enough for him to feel Sh’lok’s breaths (coming quite quickly at the moment) on his face. “Bed?” he said then, because there was really no way to get in or out of Starfleet-issue boots unless you were sitting down, and anyway his own knees were less than reliable after that last kiss.
And anyway there was no time to waste on idle fears. He kept digging.
At one point John found himself nose to nose with a Sh’lok who even while in the grip of Dimmock and his fellow helm officer was slowly and inexorably pulling his arm out of Dimmock’s grip against the man’s whole strength. The Vulcan’s pale fierce gaze was fixed on John’s shoulder, plainly choosing the spot where his hand would momentarily fasten down on John in a nerve pinch.
“Embodied,” Sh’lok agreed, and went back to studying the chessboard. (With just a sliver of smile?
John made a fake-shocked face. “Oh,
“Ensign Bradstreet as well,” Sh’lok remarked. “Gentlemen, unfortunately I do not know where I am.”
Sh’lok gathered up his tricorder, which had been lying on the desk, and the broken shells. “Here,” John said, and took a couple of them away from him as they moved a little way away from Lestrade in preparation for transport.
John gave him a resigned sort of
Lestrade’s eyes were narrowed, tightly controlling some emotion that Sh’lok could not completely parse. But it was almost certainly rage, and Sh’lok was tempted to take best advantage of it and beg him,
The necessary lubricant was under John’s pillow, because he’d been needing to have it to hand a lot more than usual lately. John lay back for a long sweet while with one of his Vulcan’s arms wrapped around him, hand cupping his head and gently massaging his neck, while the long clever fingers of Sh’lok’s other hand slowly broached him. First just one sliding in and out, in and out, again and again; then the second, deeply stroking, methodically scissoring in company with the first… incessant, inexorable, indescribably good. John writhed and moaned and pushed himself against the slow and exquisite opening, feeling Sh’lok feeling his fingers stroking inside John’s heat and tightness as it relaxed and softened, gripping Sh’lok’s fingers with himself again and again as arousal made him spasm against them, realising how incredibly turned on Sh’lok was getting at the thought of what was to come—
They all covered their eyes. Lestrade glanced around to make sure they they were set, then threw one of the switches on his console.
because the room was simmering with a sense of something having been about to happen. And there was something wrong about Bradstreet’s look too. He was looking toward John’s face but not quite
John let the thought of hearing this man actually say that to him, and in front of a witness, sink in deep. “Thank you, Mr. Sh’lok.”
John said.
John said, and his voice actually cracked on the word.
He got up and moved away, while behind him Lestrade pulled out his communicator. “Lestrade to
found out, wouldn’t you say?”
Snap out of it! Get down there with the others and wait for me. This won’t take long.”
one, though—” She shook her head. “They could teach us a thing or two.”
WATSON
“Starfleet,” John said.
“Of course, Captain. I'll be right down. Hudson out.”
John paused, turned back toward him.
as their tongues met and stroked. Around and around it went, an endlessly deepening spiral of pleasure and hunger out of which John had no wish to find his way.
“The missing pump wasn't taken by accident,” he was saying. “It was the one piece of equipment absolutely essential for the operation of the reactor.”
…Dammit.
“By all means let’s avoid dragging Mr. Occam and his razor in here,” John said. And there it was, a joke, out of habit. He half felt like cursing himself for it.
Within half an hour, John was down in the lab with the others as Dr. Hooper carried the creature in its containment module into the heavily shielded test cubicle, setting it down on a platform under a hastily rigged light-generator plate. “Your figures,” he said to Sh’lok as they sealed the cubicle shut, “are of course accurate…”
Sh’lok nodded. “And although it is not physically connected to the other cells, it is nevertheless part of the whole creature—guided by the whole, drawing its strength from the whole. Which possibly accounts for its unusual resistance to our phaser weapons.”
He turned away from the bed where Sh’lok lay and headed for the door. A soft groan from Sh’lok stopped him. He and Lestrade both turned to look at Sh’lok for a moment. Next to Sh’lok’s bed, though, was Rosie’s. John looked over at her in distress. “My niece,” he said. “If she regains consciousness, will she go through that?”
he thought,
Naturally it was to his advantage, therefore, that no one else should be allowed to discover the—exchange?—if at all possible, and for as long as possible. But far more compelling, to Sh’lok’s way of thinking, was that he should be allowed to discover as much as he could about this other universe before the visitors to this one managed to escape back to their own.
under Captains and Commodores who to a man or woman or person were tough and smart and sometimes even kind but always (in John’s experience) also fair, and always ready to do whatever needed doing to keep their crews alive. Training missions and then real ones, journeys through endless situations of terror but also unexpected wonder, where there were tragedies and accidents but also glorious successes—
Then John realised Donovan had paused just this side of the doorway and was looking at him in some distress, as if reluctant to speak.
corpus delicti.
John thought in absolute horror.
. And my mind-body interface… After what it’s been through today, it has to be restored.”
That set John’s giggling off all over again, for Sh’lok’s tone was that of a serious scientific researcher faced with a serious new topic. And the words sounded hilarious coming out of Sh’lok at all. “Guilty,” he said, “guilty as charged.” He had to stop again to breathe. “What am I going to do with you?”
Lestrade gave her a look that was dry, but gentle. “You don’t give up hoping, do you,” he said. “Never mind. Carry on, Doctor.”
—and moved around the helm to pause and look at the viewscreen. After a few seconds he realised that he was doing so without actually seeing what he was looking at—not at all for the first time, of late. Finally he headed back up to Donovan’s station one more time. “Anything, Lieutenant?”
John knew that though in theory Vulcans were supposed to be above such sentiments as enjoyment, there were few things Sh’lok enjoyed more than being right. He just hoped that the rightness didn’t mean they were presently enjoying the last few minutes of their lives. “Come on.”
The look on Sh’lok’s face—escaped from his control for the barest moment and then swiftly sealed over again—was that of a man who’d just been told not only that the world might end on his watch, but that if it did, the loss of the best parts of it might be his personal responsibility.
“Typical main sequence dwarf star,” Bradstreet said, “toward the orange side of G—a G9V5, actually. About three-quarters the size of Earth’s Sun, about eighty-five percent of its mass. But only about forty percent of its luminosity—rather metal-poor. Nine planets, three of them Class M. Old reports and long-range scanning indicate those three all possess sapient life.”
“Well,” he said.
“Oh God,” John muttered once more, and pinched the bridge of his nose.
First through the gate were two silver-helmeted Vulcan men in silver tunics over black leggings. They were shaking greened-bronze frameworks made in that long hexagonal shape, barred across with heavy wire and strung with bells. The first pair of Vulcans turned left on entering, toward the second dais, followed by two more similarly-dressed men supporting between them the poles of something like an open sedan chair.
“No, you won’t. You’ll learn to build houses, to keep warm. Think of it: you’ll see the sun every day, you’ll live under the sky, you’ll see the stars! —And we’ll help you until you don’t need our help any more. Humans live well all across the galaxy in conditions far worse, far stranger than these. You’ll be fine—”
John thought as he headed for the Transporter Room a few minutes early to await the rest of the landing party.
The look Vanderberg threw his way was grim and resigned. “We kept it for you. There isn't much left.. and it isn’t pretty. Roberts here will show you.”
The doctor folded his arms, looking a bit resigned. “The blindness was temporary, John. There's something about his optic nerves that doesn’t behave like a human’s…”
John had thought he’d achieved the “best case” for his life—one that though satisfying enough was still always going to be solitary, even in a crowd of four hundred and thirty. But that solitude had been most conclusively shattered by the most brilliant, infuriating, fascinating,
pon farr,
As Hooper made her way back to him, John started back down the hall again toward the Provisioning department head’s office, assuming that Lestrade had said whatever piece he felt he needed to for the moment. But, “Captain—” Lestrade said, catching his eye: he wasn’t done.
have—”
Sh’lok buried his face in John’s chest. John wrapped his arms around Sh’lok, rested his cheek atop Sh’lok’s head, stroking it against the curls, and closed his eyes.
Looking up into those silver eyes, John shivered with desire and delight, and wondered again—for approximately the thousandth time—what in the Universe he’d done in this life to deserve the amazing turn of events that had brought him and this man together, and then closer together still. It had miraculously left them still the best of friends, still with their mutual loyalties as starship Captain and First Officer intact… perhaps even stronger than ever. But the other passion they shared, their love of the work they did and the ship they served, that too remained as it had been: preeminent, with all others subordinate to it.
He and Sh’lok and Lestrade and Lanier all fired at the oncoming men. They went down in a heap.
S’kroft  rose from his chair with that long dark staff in his hand and stepped down from the secondary dais, making his way to the other, and stepping up to stand where T’Eyreen had stood, in front of the gong. But no sooner had he come there than Sh’lok straightened himself, hands still clasped before him, and slowly walked to him.
“Is this Vulcan chivalry?” Lestrade said, not making the slightest attempt to keep his fury out of his voice. “The air's too hot and thin for Watson. He's not used to it.”
A small movement seen out of the corner of his eye brought John’s head around. Rosie was lying there, unconscious but still moving restlessly. “My niece…” John said quietly, and looked up at Lestrade.
is the alternate one,” John said. “Sh’lok, I’m no physicist and I’m short of ways to describe where mine might lie in relationship to yours. You’re going to have to work that out from what little data’s available. But at the very least, I can tell you that ours is generally a lot more, well,
“John,” Sh’lok said, reaching out to stroke the shoulder, and oh, the touch of the warm fingers there as they folded around it… For a long time John’s shoulder had been the very opposite of an erogenous zone for him; something to be eternally uneasy about, either because of a partner’s potential response to it, or the fear that without logical reason (as sometimes happened) the old pain in the joint would reawaken at the worst possible moment. But nothing of the kind stirred there now… nothing but that warmth, soaking into him from the hand that gently gripped and rubbed.
Sh’lok had paused by one tunnel wall, his tricorder warbling softly. John moved back to him. “Mr. Sh’lok? Find something?”
John thought, because it was genuinely
The hangar bay doors sealed behind them and John busied himself with keying in the locking codes. As conversationally as he could he said, “Hope Lestrade didn’t keep you all that time…”
John thought.
John’s gaze flicked up to the K3 indicator on the diagnostic panel. Quickly and steadily it soared up to the top of the slider and held there.
And she turned away from him and started shouting across Engineering for her section chief Turner. “Edna, get me all the Firelighter fusion-squeeze starter kits we’ve got: we’re going to have to fabricate at least that many more again. And pull all the S-qualification rigs out of stores, we’re going to have to fabricate more of those too. Oh, and Edna, these are all focused-fusion satellites we’re building:
“But so hath yours.” John’s mouth quirked up on one side. “And yours morphs out too.”
Yet at the same time he was struggling with an odd insistent feeling that kept saying I
its crescent blade leftward, mostly a defensive position—and flipped his in midair to grasp it again so that his blade was now on the opposite side, which for John was defensively weaker. The parts of John’s mind that most desperately wanted to retreat toward a position of
not believe. A man’s body, that he was holding away from the ground by an
“Ah,” Sh’lok said. “Noted.”
John quirked an eyebrow at him. “Going to take us at least thirty-six hours to get to Altair VI, Sh’lok…”
levels… but judging by the way you are right now, your normal functioning won’t be affected. You might expect some vasodilator events as things settle down. Shouldn’t persist, though.”
“I will, sir.”
John slid a sidelong glance in the Doctor’s direction. “Blame Lestrade,” he said. “That was no tri-ox compound he shot me with. He slipped in a neural paralyser.” It was hard not to be appreciative of such cleverness exercised on the fly, especially when it had saved his life. “Knocked me out… simulated death.”
“I'm delighted to hear that, Chief,” John said. “Once Mother Horta tells her kids what to look for, you people are going to be embarrassingly rich.” She, of course, as owner of the planet, would be even
he thought,
on Sh’lok as Sh’lok intended to use his on John: but he couldn’t do it, just
The naked vulnerability in that gaze, usually so cool and self-assured, threatened to take John’s breath away.
“Mmm, well, it wasn’t so much a plan as a general strategy. Though I did think we might take a break at about the halfway point and let ourselves be seen. Get a bite to eat. And do the rounds a bit so they don’t, you know, panic.”
“Not merely millions,” Sh’lok said. “Or billions.” His tone was a bit pedantic at the moment, but his eyes were already getting a far-off look that John had seen many times before, touched with the glint of challenge. “But a number at least closely approaching infinity—”
“Indeed, Captain. I'm quite at a loss.” But again he couldn’t hide (
John knew that growl. He heard something quite like it occasionally when Sh’lok had him pinned and suddenly got flipped himself—and it made John grin. “Sorry,” he said into the echoing darkness. “…Or, wait, you know what? No I’m
“Yes, I’m here,” he said, and for the first time he saw just a flash of the smile that the old Clara had worn. But it was just that, a flash, and though she looked glad to see him for that moment, the expression was tinged with a kind of horror.  “You have to tell us what happened, Clara. To you and the others.”
“Standard procedure, Captain?”
John simply pressed his lips together, nodded and turned away: the less he knew about what was to follow, the better… and if Sh’lok said no traces would be left, then that would be how it was. “Sh’lok, it occurs to me that while
Donovan cocked a curious eye at him. “Sir, that's a call sign for a private transmitter.”
What began to reveal itself next, though, was a rather odd game quite devoid of Sh’lok’s usual dash and fireworks; a slow steady opening-out of position that spread itself gradually among the levels, like some thorny flower opening in slow motion.
“Including myself, Doctor!” Sh’lok said. “And Captain Watson’s young niece. Understandably upsetting, but once it spreads past here, there are dozens of colonies beyond and billions of people.”
rather than the other way around. And he definitely had something to communicate now. When moments like this came to him, John felt something similar to that old English-countryside superstition about how when important things were happening, if you kept bees, you had to go tell them or their feelings would be hurt.
“You’ve already said Sh’lok might not be able to handle
he thought.
John smiled just enough of the kind of smile that at home would instantly have been recognised as a sign that whoever was talking to him would be wise not to push their luck. “You’re in line,” he said, quite dry—because it was looking as if around here, everybody seemed to consider themselves in line. “Who knows, you might make Captain.”
“Don’t give me
Because there was still the guy on his left to deal with. That man was hanging onto John’s forearm and upper arm now as if intending to wrestle him into submission by pulling the arm around behind him or some other simplistic move. I don’t think so, John thought, half-turning to elbow the man in the solar plexus. As the henchman’s face twisted and the breath whooshed out of him, John continued the turn, clubbing him two-handed in the chest, and in the final stage of the turn got an arm crooked around the man’s neck. All that was needed now was the half-spin, the crouch and the side-armed throw that sent the man crashing into the far corridor wall. At which point the crewman who’d turned on Bradstreet brought up that phaser again and vaporised the second man as well.
“And the bakery?” John prompted, leaning closer still.  “How did you know I worked at a bakery?”
John cursed under his breath. He lifted one hand to rest gently on the back of Sherlock’s head, twined through their soft curls. Sherlock met his gaze from under their eyelashes as they licked again. Their skin was now mottled with a turquoise flush—an unusual sight in the bedroom, to be sure, but it did nothing to diminish John’s enthusiasm.
Molly let out a slightly frustrated sigh.  “Sherlock, just spit it out.  What happened?”
[1:32AM] No, I don’t think you do. SH
John walked forward until they were standing nearly toe-to-toe. “You are a genius,” he told Sherlock, lifting one hand to cup his cheek.
Still smiling, Sherlock pulled his doctor/handyman/heartthrob out onto the street so that they could catch a cab to their first crime scene together. This was going to be
From: John Watson <john.h.watson@email.co.uk>
In which Sherlock and John get to know one another a bit.
” at the contact.
Hope you enjoyed it!  Comments/kudos are always appreciated.
Sherlock scrunched their nose. “I don’t like my bedroom. It’s on an entirely different floor than yours.”
[3 September, 7:15PM] Unfortunately no. I’ve been distracted by a case. SH
John shrugged. “I don’t see why not. I mean, we don’t have a return ticket booked, and I can always find clinic work in London if we decide we want to stay. We’ll have a look at the flat after we fly in, and we can decide if we’d really like to settle down there. How’s that?” Settle down. Christ. They were properly planning a future together. John ought to have been scared, but he was actually more certain of this than he’d been of anything before.
In which they finally hook up.
Sherlock cursed under his breath.  “A
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock turned around and studied John for a moment. “It might be worse, but that’s because of your flat-mates and not because of you.”
“I don’t know what to do here,” Sherlock admitted, pulling back slightly. Their lips were wet and glistening, and they looked far sexier than they had any right to.
“Well,” Sherlock said, “clearly your definition of fiction is wrong, as I’m an alien to you and I’m here, and many other members of my species have made a home on Earth as well.”
[5:11PM] Good thing you are, too, then. We’ll have to stay in bed for ages when I get home. JW
Sherlock looked about ready to cry. They reached a hand out toward the dog.
“Oh,” he said again, startling himself into action, because he suddenly remembered that payment was necessary in exchange for services like this. He pulled his wallet out of his pocket and began flipping through it. “How much do I owe you?”
[3 September, 7:50PM] That’s not healthy, Sherlock. You need to eat. JW
by your flat on Wednesday, and your landlady
A quick search for Speedy’s café showed that it was only ten minutes from his flat, a perfectly acceptable distance to travel to meet a near-stranger. (He would have truthfully traveled for upwards of an hour if necessary.) John was a bit surprised at how quickly this was all moving, but he supposed he couldn’t complain. Truthfully, he didn’t want to wait around any longer before meeting up with Sherlock. It felt like the start of something, and he was eager to jump headfirst into it.
To: Sherlock Holmes <sh@thescienceofdeduction.co.uk>
I’m fairly certain that’s not a story you
Molly was giving him a
In order to keep himself from going mad, Sherlock had analysed every crime that had shown up in the papers for the last three days.  Unfortunately, there weren’t many, and the police had evidently done their jobs properly on the majority of them.  There was one case, though, that Sherlock thought he could offer input on.  He called in an anonymous tip, knowing that NSY wouldn’t take him seriously if he went down there in person.  (He had tried, and they had laughed him out of the room, even though he had been right.)
Sherlock nodded. “But there aren’t any bees here. I was hoping there’d be bees. And dogs. I’ve read extensively about bees and dogs.”
“Take your clothes off,” John said, eyes still sparkling with mirth.
And he had been smiling while doing it.
John immediately held his hand out and stood up so quickly he nearly toppled over his chair. “No, no,” he said. “I got it. It’s on me.”
Throughout all of that, Sherlock had been able to maintain the outward appearance of calmness. It was only when their shared cab pulled up outside his flat that he began to lose his grip on that nonchalant mask.
“You should just work with me,” he had said as their fourth week of lovemaking drew to a close.
John smiled, and Sherlock imagined that he looked charmed, although that could have merely been wishful thinking. “Give me a call the next time something breaks.” And he patted Sherlock on the cheek.
