“Enough, Owen,” Jacob said gently, helping Cas down the side of the truck. “Just finish getting this unloaded and see Aaron, he’ll settle with you. Come, Steve.”
He’d held happiness in his hands for the most fleeting of moments. Dean had been a fool to think it would last.
Dean set his iPad aside and looked at Cas. “I don’t--I really don’t know? It’s just always been like this.”
Cas cocked an eyebrow and reached down to take the offending bottle from him. “Did we not have a talk about you not drinking on the pain meds?”
“I was wondering,” Vic said, rubbing the back of his neck. “Think you might like to get dinner with me sometime?”
The week before the wedding was miserable and stressful. Crowley seemed to be really cracking down on Dean, no doubt motivated by Zachariah, who seem to think it was beneath him to speak to Dean at all, instead just giving him nasty looks when he happened to run into him in the corridor.
“Tired of being lonely,” Dean mumbled, barely aware of what he was saying. “Got a big bed, jus’ stay.” Fading fast, he smiled when he felt Cas crawl into the other side of his bed. “Nigh’ Cas.”
Groaning, Dean lifted his head just in time to see Cas disappear down the hall. He flopped onto his back and carelessly kicked his shoes off. Dean lay there, like a dead fish, until Cas reappeared with a tray.
“No,” Dean whispers, clamping his eyes shut and turning to face the corner. He pushes himself into the wall as far as he can go, wishing so hard the wall would just open, just swallow him up. He can’t do this. He can’t do this anymore, it’s too much and Michael already broke him once. How many more times does he have to go through this, the abuse, the mind games, it is too much, it’s too fucking -
He wished Dean would really listen to the lyrics and let Cas in. He wanted to be everything for Dean, wanted to give Dean the world, but Dean wouldn’t let him in.
“Well, well, well,” the demon king drawled, walking in a slow circle. “At least someone in Winchester has some sense. Who sent you to me, beautiful boy?”
Wisely bypassing the door with the Minecraft poster, Vic crashed through Dean’s door, sending it slamming into the wall behind it. He grimaced slightly at the idea of any damage to his carefully painted Caribbean Sea Spray walls but forgot about it as Vic dumped him into the center of his bed. Dean moaned as Vic lightly nipped the skin at his waistband.
Must’ve been the fever. Surely Mary had said worried sick? Why would Dean be lovesick, unless she was talking about his new relationship with Victor.
Cas’s frown grew deeper, and he tapped his chin with a forefinger, clearly deep in thought. “I’ve got an idea,” he said finally. “I’ll be right back.”
“It’s not that--Cas, that boy’s got a lot of fear in his heart. He’s been...” Mary sighed. “There are people in his past that hurt him so bad, he just decided the casual hook-ups were safer. He’s a tough nut to crack, Cas.”
“You make it easy, Dean. Goodnight.” Cas’s voice sounded a little sad, but Dean was almost gone. He heard the door shut and drifted off to sleep.
“Well, with any luck,” Cas slid Dean’s plate back across the table, “You’ll never have to find out.”
“You’ll be happy to know that you’re on the mend. The ritual my mate and I performed on you removed the demon’s bite and all of his blood from your body. You’re 100% human again.”
“There are some things, some people, worth dying for. You taught me that. Plus, it seems like your Men of Letters crew designed this place to be pretty impenetrable. Like a Death Star without a fatal flaw.”
“That’s a lie. You despise me. Every time I come around you get this ferocious look in your eyes.” Cain sipped his drink. “And I think I know why. You needn’t worry. He doesn’t want me like that.”
Dean listened to the song for a moment, seemed to consider his options. “Ok,” he finally said, getting to his feet. “But I’m probably gonna look stupid.”
“Yup, babies take their sweet time. Don’t worry, she’ll be well fed and off to school in the morning.”
“Ok.” Dean lets Cas help him to his feet and looks down at their joined hands. “Thank you, Cas,” he murmurs.
“Alright then, c’mon down and let's get you to my wife. She’ll have something to put in your belly.”
Dean groaned as Vic sucked a mark on his belly, still aroused as fuck. Just - his brain kept hanging up on Victor’s words. “What did -” he sucked in another gasp as Vic palmed him through his jeans. “What did Charlie say?”
“I’d love to, but I’m hoping you’ll introduce me to this lovely gentleman first.” The man turned sparkling blue eyes and a wide grin Cas’s way, adding a more than flirty little wink.
comment had rocked Cas--he’d had no idea Dean felt that way. He had so many friends and always seemed to be the life of the party--lonely wasn’t a word Cas would’ve associated with Dean.
“It should. I don’t understand,” Kali said, gently wiping the water from Dean’s face. “Unless the demon in question had some of his own blood in his mouth when he bit Dean. If he did that, especially if he was higher echelon -”
Jess looked beautiful, with her blonde hair in thick curls around her shoulders. She’d opted for a flower crown instead of a veil, and her white dress was short and full skirted. It was the most casual, comfortable wedding Cas had ever attended.
“A little high won’t hurt you, I promise. It’ll help you relax and you’ll sleep better. Trust me?” He held out his hand.
“It’s ok,” Dean assured him. He got back to his grocery order to distract himself. By the time Claire returned with the lights, helped Cas put them up, and Cas dished up dinner, Dean had spent a small fortune on groceries, getting all of Ben’s faves. “Hey,” he said to Cas. “I got a ton of stuff to make since we’re probably going to be snowed in all week. If you’re not overloaded on groceries, why don’t you just come over and use my stuff, since I can’t do a whole lot of cooking anyway?”
He feels Cas step closer and a low whine slips out of his throat. Dean can hear the sound of papers shuffling behind him and knows Cas is looking through the pictures. Whipping around, he quickly kneels near Cas, hiding the pictures as best he can. “Don’t,” he rasps, pulling them away and trying to shove them out of sight.
“I’m exhausted,” Dean admitted. “It’s only Wednesday and I feel like I’m not even going to make it to Friday.”
“You don’t have to sit here with me in the loser’s corner, y’know? I see Jess’s friend, Sarah, checking you out. You could ask her to dance. I mean - you’re gay and all, but even gay dudes can enjoy a dance with a pretty girl.”
Victor Henrikson stood on the porch while Dean leaned in to lock the door. They were chatting softly, but one thing was painfully clear to Cas - Victor had spent the night.
“They had to do a ritual on me to reverse the bite Alastair gave me. I was turning into a demon. The ritual was brutal, but hey, I’m still here, Sammy. Don’t look at me like that.”
“No, Dean, be still. We’re trying to help you,” Cas murmured, tightening his hold on Dean. Dean mumbled something incoherent, eyes rolling under closed lids.
“Oh no. I can’t leave Dean - I knew this was coming, especially after what happened with King John -”
“Yeah,” Dean mumbled, watching as Cas left the faculty room. He could still feel Charlie’s eyes on him. “Don’t say it, Chuckles.”
By noon, Dean had disappointed multiple students who wanted to sign his cast--there just wasn’t enough room on it for everyone--so Anna, goddess that she was, drew a huge pink cast on a large sheet of paper and hung it outside of Dean’s classroom. Throughout the day, teachers brought their classes to sign it. The kids were extremely interested in the nature of his injury but didn’t seem the least bit impressed when he told them it happened because he fell over another skater.
“Now, Owen, no need to be hostile. Man looks hungry. Let Lydia get a meal in him and then we’ll figure out how he got on the truck.”
“That may be true - but we’re severely outmatched here, even with the envoy you’ve brought. Unless the Harvelle infantry and the riders of Campbell show up before dawn, well, we’re in a hell of a pickle.”
Lydia cut the pies into slices, putting one each of the pecan and apple on Cas’s plate. “You haven’t even had the pie yet,” she smiled.
Monday dawned way to soon and far too bright. Cas parked his Continental and trudged into the school building, not acknowledging anyone’s friendly calls as he passed. He checked his mailbox in the office perfunctorily before heading to his class. The headache he’d woken with Sunday morning hadn’t faded, and now his appetite was gone as well. The smell of coffee drifting from a faculty room made his stomach toss.
The fluorescent lights in the bathroom made Dean look worse than he did, and he splashed water on his face, trying to wake himself up just a little. He’d texted Sam that morning, letting him know he and Charlie were going to stay a couple more days, just because Cleveland was cool and Charlie wanted to. Sam had replied that he was glad, that he thought Dean should take some time off once in awhile, even going so far as to suggest a Vegas trip in a few months.
“Dean, we got this. I’ll run you back to your house so we can drop Cas off and then Cas can go get Claire so your mom can get to the hospital, which is where I’ll take you after we drop off Cas,” Cain said calmly.
“Uh yes,” he looked up into Dean’s beautiful eyes. Every sound and person in the diner vanished, replaced by the black hole that was Dean’s gorgeous gaze. “We should go home,” he heard himself say.
. It’s the small set of rooms attached to the main house.” Jacob tossed a bale of hay into the wagon. “My
“I’d rather die,” Dean murmured. “Rather die than be a demon.” He shuddered in Cas’s arms. “Let them try,” he whispered, before slipping back into unconsciousness.
Startling, Dean splashed coffee on the conference table. “Yes - of course.” He grabbed some napkins and wiped up the mess.
And to you guys - for every kudos and comment over five long years (!!!!), y'all are the best part of writing fics. Thank you so much. <3
Cas held himself up on a shaking arm, smiling down at the mess of a man beneath him. “Well...can’t say I saw this happening today.”
Dean left him at a bus station in Salina with a credit card and $200, so Cas bought a ticket for the first bus out. Yawning, Cas rubbed at tired eyes and leaned his seat back. He didn’t know where he was going and he didn’t care. He was just going.
“I’m not - I’m not ready to be king,” Sam said quietly. “I know Dad thought I was - at least the non-possessed version did. That’s why he left me the knife. But I’m not. I don’t know what I’m doing and I’m scared. How am I supposed to lead a war? How do I make the decisions that guarantee victory? How am I supposed to keep you safe?”
“I do. We all shared a house…” Cas trailed off, his eyes filling with tears. “The night they died. I got home just as they were - as the firemen were -” He couldn’t get any other words out, overwhelmed with the images of the firemen pulling the black body bags from the house. “I miss them,” he whispered.
Cas chuckled. “Tell your Mom I’ve got the stuff to make the cranberry dressing and the green bean casserole.”
The service ended with silent prayer, the entire congregation mobilizing afterwards to break down the benches and set up tables for lunch. Baskets of cold cuts and pie were brought out, plates and cups of juice were passed. Cas found himself seated between Jacob and the Bishop.
“No. I’m going to bed. You can stay as long as like, hell, stay forever.” He stalked out of her room and down the hall to his own, slamming the door behind him. Dean tossed himself on his bed. Sometime later, he heard his brother’s distinctive footsteps outside his door.
Sam rolled his eyes as he pulled the Impala’s door open. Charlie and Dean left the garage and walked back down the hall, stopping in the laundry room to get clean sheets.
“I’ve got just the way to help you relax,” Cas announced, reappearing in Dean’s room. He held up an oddly phallic looking piece of glass and a baggie of what looked like dried leaves.
“Tomorrow is Friday. If we lose, and they storm this castle, they’ll take Dean by force. I wish you’d have left him behind.”
“Is your sling too tight or too loose?” Cas was suddenly all up in his business, moving his hand under the strap of Dean’s sling to check the tightness. “Is your arm or shoulder numb at all? I can change--”
Rolling over to face his husband, Dean pushed an unruly strand of hair off Cas’s face. “Love ya, grumpy,” he smiled, before kissing the attitude away. Cas responded enthusiastically to his kiss and it wasn’t long before they were both raring and ready to go.
Cas couldn't think of any good reasons to keep his eyes open, and he drifted off again, Dean’s fingers and soft humming accompanying him into the dark.
Moonlight lit the bath, and Cas stared at his own pallid face in the mirror, looking away after a moment. He hung the rag on the towel bar and stumbled back to the bedroom, shivering a bit in the chill. A clean tee replaced the sweat soaked one, then Cas burrowed back into the quilts.
Dean was quiet after that, swaying gently as Cas led him around the dance floor. He seemed to be listening closely to the lyrics of the song.
Turning too fast and startled, Dean almost fell off the ladder. Cas stood at the bottom, looking incredibly serious.
When it was over, Dorothy invited Charlie to join her in Oz. Dean stared down at the floor as Dorothy opened the portal, his heart aching. He’d just lost Cas and now he was about to watch another friend walk away from him.
“Have you ever done this before?” Cas asked, pulling a portion of the weed from the bag and packing it into the bowl of the little glass pipe.
Cas was on the right side of the bed, Dean on the left, with Dean’s body turned away from him. Cas lay on his back, watching the headlights on Holabird Avenue make odd patterns as cars drove past. He didn’t know what to do. Dean asked him to stay, half asleep and maybe more than a little tipsy, and Cas couldn’t tell him no. That
Things moved fast after that, the hard velvet of their cocks pressed together enough to overwhelm both of them quickly. Cas knew he’d quickly grow addicted to the noises Dean made as his hips arched off the bed as he painted his own stomach in streaks of come. It didn’t take much for Cas to follow him down, adding the mess on Dean’s belly.
“Not that I think there’s anything wrong with it, since that’s how I swing too, but you’ve got a bit of reputation, y'know?” Vic propped himself up on one elbow and smiled. “So I figured you’d be a sure bet to blow off a little steam, have a little fun?”
“Three bean soup and avocado with sliced tomato on toasted wheat.” Cas got the tray off the end of the bed and motioned for Dean to sit down. Dean sat and Cas positioned the tray over his lap.
Between them, they finished the ice cream, a bag of tortilla chips, and a large bowl of Cas’s guacamole. Then Cas decided to make pancakes and they stuffed themselves. By then, the high was starting to wear off and Dean felt pleasantly tired and ready to sleep.
“Alright then, Cas. Let’s go get some of Lydia’s chicken.” Jacob patted Cas’s shoulder and turned towards the house, like it didn’t matter that Castiel had lied to him.
The flame of anger already burning inside of Cas flared. “That’s why you want me to come back then? To fix your mistakes once again?”
Castiel flew as fast as his wings would carry him, stopping every hour to make Dean drink some water or force a potion down his throat if he was in pain. A trip that should have taken two days took one, since he didn’t stop for rest. Landing in the courtyard of his father’s palace, he set Dean carefully on the ground before transforming.
Cas frowned. “I don’t know that I am. I just - I have this knowledge in my mind. It’s always been there. I can’t remember a time when I wasn’t -” Cas trailed off. “You must think me very strange.”
Cas sidled up to him on the counter and handed him the container. He brandished a spoon and dug out a large bit of ice cream and shoved it into Dean’s mouth before digging out a chunk for himself. “Fuckkkk, I miss dairy sometimes.”
“Cas, please. I didn’t mean it like that.” Cas looked down the steps, where Dean stood, looking completely lost. “I just - I just want you to come home.”
“Fuck,” Cas muttered. No way could he move now. If he got up, Dean would surely wake up and it would be nothing less than completely awkward. To make matters worse, Cas’s bladder was making itself known. He literally did not know what to do. Dean snuggled in impossibly closer, the arm around Cas’s waist tightening. The cast made his shirt ride up, and the plaster scratched at the skin along his spine. There was no way to get up. He was stuck, and Cas resigned himself to waiting to get up until Dean moved.
“Mary, I don’t know what to do anymore. I feel like a little kid with a crush,” Cas told her, deciding to just lay all his cards on the table. “I want to be with him but I don’t think he sees me that way at all.”
“Whoa!” Dean’s arms were strong and sure as he lifted Cas into them. Helpless and weak, Cas draped his arms around Dean’s neck. He led his head fall onto Dean’s shoulder.
“Ah--yeah, gotta be careful with those enemy tampons.” Dean plopped onto the couch between Cain and Cas, clearly oblivious of the tension. “Hey guess what--my arm barely aches today. I actually haven’t needed a pain pill all day!”
Cas was gently lowered back onto his mattress, covers pulled up to his chin. “Please don’t leave,” he begged. “I don’t have anyone, don’t leave.”
The next time Cas awoke, he was somewhere that definitely wasn’t his house. He tried to sit up but lacked the strength. It was cool, dim, and smelled weird. The bed wasn’t nearly as comfortable. Lifting a hand to rub his eyes, Cas got tangled in rubber tubing.
“Sure hope so.” Dean chose Di Pasquale’s for lunch, and they settled themselves at a cozy table for two in the busy market, sharing a plate of calamari. “I really fucking hate this,” he grumbled, watching Cas cut up his lasagna. “I feel completely useless. I don’t even know what I’d do without you.”
“Dean thinks -” Charlie gasped out, still overwhelmed by her giggle fit. “Dean thinks Cas is straight!”
They said goodbye and Dean swiped at his damp eyes. Finally, he was going to have more time with Ben. He shot off a quick text to Cas.
“Ok, I’m coming!” Cas turned back to Dean apologetically. “Let me know if you can’t get your arm through the shirt.”
“I still can’t believe our new DM’s name is Dick. What the fuck,” Dean grumbled, lifting the stack of signs. As soon as he had them in his hands, the phones started ringing. Bobby took the call, but the line was still ringing. Actually, two more lines were ringing. “Gonna be one of those kind of days, huh?” Dean grumbled, dropping the signs back on the counter and reaching for the phone. “Biggerson’s Auto Parts. We’re Bigger than the rest! This is Dean speaking, what’re you working on?” God he hated their phone script, but turned his customer service voice on and did it every time.
Dragging himself from the bed, he staggered to a set of glass doors and pushed them open, sucking in an awed breath at the sight spread out beneath him.
“We were just heading out to get some breakfast, you wanna join us?” Dean finished wiping down his stove and tossed the wet rag in the sink.
“But you won’t.” Victor released Dean and crossed the kitchen floor. He turned the oven on to 350 before snagging a beer of his own from the fridge. “So. Cookies?”
“It’s not?” Dean whirled on her. “Don’t I always choose Sam? Huh? Don’t I always make Sam first in my life? Damn the consequences and who cares who the fuck gets hurt as long as Sam comes first.” Dean shook his head. “Lived my whole life on that party line, why the fuck should I stop now?”
“Ok, so why not make a move? You clearly really like this guy.” Aaron frowned. “Oh. Because of me. Because our relationship ended badly and you’re carrying the blame and you’re afraid to go down that road again.”
“Ok.” Dean stared at Cas’s ass as he left his house. He caught himself and sighed. “Moron.” He kicked his shoes off and into the hall closet and headed upstairs to wiggle into some cozy jammie pants. A little later, he was burrowed under his Captain America fleece blanket and in that happy state between doze and awake when a knock on the door startled him.
Warm strips of sunlight made dust motes glitter, but all Dean Winchester could think was that the sun ended the night - which meant he’d soon have to leave the coziness and warmth of lying in bed. A naked arm wound its way around his waist and a gravelly voice murmured “five more minutes” in his ear.
“He does love pie.” Cas stared down into his almost empty mug. “Yes, I was thinking about Dean. But I don’t want to talk about him.”
“I believe it is you who are awesome,” Cas informed him. “I’m going to miss Thanksgiving,” Cas said mournfully.
“He’s like a baby bird and you kicked him out of the nest! I expected better from you, Dean Winchester!”
“I’m sure I can handle it,” Cas said dryly. He cocked an eyebrow at Dean, confused by the bewildered look on his face. “You coming?”
Cas watched a happy bee buzz past him and smiled. “Bees are so important. Without them, so many of the foods we enjoy would basically disappear.”
Charlie slid the pillow into the case. “I would have thought you wouldn’t want to let him out of your sight.”
“I understand, but you must look after yourself. Come, I’ll make you lunch.” Anna stood and offered her arm.
“You’ll have to leave him behind. We’ll care for him,” Anna said, rubbing Cas’s arm. “First, eat, then go.”
“Ok,” Dean acquiesced, still not fully believing Cas’s declaration of his awesomeness. He leaned back against his husband, loving the way Cas’s strong, wet body felt behind him, shoring him up, and Dean tried his best to absorb and accept Cas’s words.
“That’s just it - Alastair’s demands, the reason he’s brought war to our lands? He wants you. Because the possessed version of Dad promised you to him.”
But guys - especially guys that were a little bigger than him, a little stronger than him - they really buttered Dean’s biscuits. Guys with muscular arms, abs, toned thighs...guys like Cas. He’d seen Cas, tiny running shorts and form fitting Under Armour tees, out for a run in the morning. He’d seen him come back, all hot and sweaty, tee almost see through -
Dean growled and clawed at both of them, his eyes black as pitch. Gabriel jumped into the water, a goblet of something ruby colored in his hand.
“I talked to that guy, Owen? He says Cas seems happy up there. He’s tending beehives and learning farming. Owen doesn’t trust him, but the family he’s living with seems to adore him.”
Of course, admitting that would mean finally admitting to himself what he’d already known for at least a month.
“Oh yes, he’s a shameless flirt, always has been. Dean thinks he hung the moon. Growing up without John--his father--Cain just naturally slid into that father figure role. Anyway, Cain saw so much talent in Dean and thought he could be quite big in the classical music scene. Dean formed a trio with his friends Lee and Cassie and then they became...something else. He thinks I don’t know that they were all involved, but I do. I’m a mom. It’s my job to notice.”
She didn't look convinced. Dean sighed. Zipping the duffel shut, he tossed it over his shoulder. “You ready?”
Blue eyes twinkled up at him, a slow and easy smile on Cas’s handsome face. “You’ve got me. You’ve always got me.”
“What does that even mean? I don’t under-” Sam voice cut off and Dean flinched. “You did the right thing,” Ezekiel murmured, sitting up and straightening Sam’s back. “I know Sam doesn’t understand but you did the right thing.”
Back in his office, he took a few deep breaths, aware of how hard his heart was pounding. Dean grabbed a small box and started tossing the things he cared about inside. His pictures, his diploma from KU, extra phone chargers and an extra tie, anything he really wanted fit in the box. The Macbook belonged to the company, so he took a moment to put anything he actually cared about onto an external hard drive before setting up the computer to do a full wipe and reboot. He’d be damned if anyone benefitted from all his hard work. Dean was burning his bridges. No way in hell would he ever come back to this place.
Charlie was none too pleased when Dean sprayed coffee all over the table, but he was already on his feet, picture of Cas and fake badge in hand.
“Oh, Castiel. I’m not that unaware of how the world outside my door works. I understand that in the Englischer world, there are men who love men, and women who love women. It’s not my place to judge. That job belongs to the Lord. I only ask, because you seemed so sad when you told me of his love for pecan pie.”
Cas could hear the piano tinkling through the thin walls of his house and Cain’s deep rich laughter. He could picture them, sitting pressed together shoulder to ankle on the piano bench and it made Cas seethe with jealousy.
“This one says best friends,” Claire said, handing Cas a small purple heart. “And then we just made a bunch of other hearts to tape up.”
“I fought for you. I fought Adler to keep you when he wanted to can your ass a month ago.” Crowley dropped into a chair.
“Babe? What’s with the trenchcoat, it’s like ninety outside. And what are you doing here? Did you ditch work?” Climbing down the ladder with the tool in one hand, he pulled Cas in for a sweet kiss. “Not that I’m not happy to see you -”
Dean walked slowly up the porch, offering a hand to Lydia. “Dean Winchester. It’s nice to meet you.”
“I’ll see you later.” He darted out the backdoor and down the steps, hurrying up his own steps and into his house before Dean could stop him.
“Cain, no one calls me Timothy,” Cain held out his hand to shake and Cas took it, impressed with the warm firmness of Cain’s grip. “Dean failed to mention that I was his teacher many years ago,” he released Cas’s hand and smiled at Dean with a look of great pride, “Back when he was so young and full of promise and could have gone anywhere.”
Crowley sighed. “I’m disappointed. I always thought you’d take my place someday. Adler was right - you are my protege. I see so much of myself in you. But there’s no going back now. I had to talk Adler down to keep him from giving you a security escort.”
The back door opened and Cas let himself and Claire in, a crock pot in one arm. “I’ve got dinner. Did I see Lisa?”
Three hours later, after meeting Isabella Mary Winchester for the first time, Cas was driving a jubilant Dean home just after 1am.
Dean was definitely struggling to go back to normal life with his good arm down for the count. He could brush his teeth mostly ok, but showering was a bitch with a bag over his arm, not to mention the pain in the ass it was to get the bag on in the first place. He hadn’t even attempted shaving yet, since school was out. But now, vacation was over and it was time to go back.
“No one is taking Dean,” Chuck assured him. “Your family stands behind you, Castiel. We’ll defend your mate until the death.”
Rolling his eyes, Cas moved around the room, turning lights on and pulling out materials. “I’ll set aside a turkey project for Ben if you’d like to take it home for him.”
“I didn’t mean you’re weak because you’re an omega, I meant that you almost died and your body hasn’t recovered. You must stay and heal.”
Castiel nodded and followed her directions to a small washroom. He stared at himself in the little mirror over the sink and frowned. Deep purple circles rimmed the underside of both eyes, and his face was dark with the scruff lining his jaw. He looked awful, and in Jacob’s place, Cas didn’t think he’d have shown such kindness. Owen was right to be distrustful.
Cas’s mood didn’t improve over the rest of the weekend, but he did his best to maintain a cheerful front as he drove Dean to his doctor’s appointment on Monday. He waited patiently outside the x-ray room and then waited for Dean to come out of his appointment.
Dean snored. It was a soft sound, but it was there nonetheless. He lay on his left side, the cast on his right propped on a pillow.
“I don’t have a thing for Cas.” Even Dean could hear the lie in his statement, but to admit to it, to own up to the fact that Cas had slowly become his whole world… “Besides, he likes someone else. And wants me to set him up,” Dean said with a bitter little chuckle. Victor was silent, and it took a minute to look up at him. “Dude, don’t pity me. That’s the last thing I need.”
“I believe it’s working. Let’s put him under up to his neck,” Kali told him. She helped Castiel hold Dean beneath the surface of the water, keeping just his head elevated.
Days he’d spent on the road, watching his meager supply of money dwindle and doing everything in his power not to think of Dean, or the cruel words that had tumbled from his lips. After two weeks, he no longer had the money for bus tickets. The credit card Dean had given him had no more funds on it either. Cas walked along a highway, thumb out, but in his scruffy, disheveled state, no one stopped for him.
Cas smiled indulgently at him and damn, Dean wanted to see that smile everyday. He turned to pull Dean’s coat from the closet. “I’m just waiting for Claire. She’s with Hannah. As soon as she’s ready, we can go.”
Dean did, and Cas smiled as the cloud of smoke drifted into the air over them. Time seemed to slow, sitting there in the growing dark. Cas exhaled into his lungs again and Dean dutifully sucked it all down, exhaling when Cas told him too.
Cas woke facing the windows as the sun filled Dean’s pretty blue bedroom. He could hear people talking out on the street and the sound of passing cars. He decided to get up and leave, sparing both him and Dean the inevitable embarrassment. Dean had not been himself the night before. He’d been more than slightly tipsy and wigged out on his pain pill, and definitely more than a little vulnerable. If Cas could spare Dean and himself any further embarrassment, that would be ideal.
“That’s really sweet of you, but I’ll pay for myself since you wouldn’t let me buy you breakfast the other day.”
Victor laughed and pulled back, getting to his feet quickly. He helped Dean up from the floor and leaned in and kissed his nose. “Lead the way, gorgeous.”
“Ssh,” Dean pushed his hips into Cas’s, sliding their erections together. “Just like this baby, c’mon. Need you.”
“Uh--I think Uncle Dean is fine. Ben calls me Uncle Cas like you do, so anyway,” Cas signaled and turned onto Holabird Avenue. “Anyway,
“We can do this right here, baby,” Vic purred, nipping on Dean’s earlobe. He thrust against Dean, and Dean gasped again when he felt how big Vic was.
“I did. I’m a terrible Jew,” Aaron chuckled. He leaned back in his seat. “Fuck, you look good. That suit. Man, you always did look fantastic in your fancy suits.”
“I understand. I’m going to see Dean.” Castiel left the courtyard, following Dean’s pleasing scent up the hallway to his rooms.
“I know. I need you, too.” Dean sat up in the bed and reached for Cas’s hand. “Please. I’d rather fly with you than your father.” Cas’s hand trembled in Dean’s grasp. “Cas? What’s wrong?”
“Have you bloody lost your mind?” Crowley stormed into Dean’s office, shoving the door open so hard it crashed into the wall.
“Good timing, sweetheart,” Mary said kindly, placing a cool, damp cloth on his head. “The bakery is closed on Mondays, so I’ll be here to look after you until my lovesick son gets here.”
“He won’t be strong enough to fly with me. Gadreel, find Michael. Tell him what’s happened and see who can aid Winchester. Lucifer brings how many dragons?”
To the incredible beta crew - Colleen, Alyse, Lara, and Janne, but especially Jini, who knew I was capable of much better work and pushed and prodded. What you're reading is a better fic because of Jini. She really pushed me to do my best and it shows. Love you, Wifey <3
This can’t be real. It can’t be. Michael is so deep in his head he’s pulling out every stop to keep Dean quiet and docile and Jesus Fuckin’ Christ, it’s working.
“Alright,” Dean said, barely suppressing a yawn. He dozed off in the warmth and comfort of Cas’s arms.
“Why didn’t you just tell me? It would have saved me two weeks on the road, watching my money dwindle down to nothing. If I hadn’t found the Beilers, I likely would have starved!”
“Don’t. What kind of alpha am I that my omega won’t allow me to care for them?” Cas turned away, arms crossed over his chest.
His friend’s eyes were hooded and staring at Cas’s lips. “I just wanted to thank you for tonight. You didn’t--you didn’t have to sit there with me and I am so grateful. You have this weird calming effect on me and…” he trailed off as he looked up. Dean moved in closer. “Thank you,” he whispered and leaned in, leaving a soft kiss on Cas’s cheek.
Metallica shirt and a battered and beaten pair of KU sweats. Forgetting that Cas was in the room, he started stripping off his suit, not even bothering to hang it up. He tossed the jacket and pants on the floor, threw the tie and shirt over the ladderback chair in his huge closet and walked back into the bedroom in just his boxers and socks.
“Charlie, he gave the last name Winchester. He’s ready to come home, obviously.” Dean wrenched open the car door. “I’m going to go get him.”
“Stupid,” he chastised himself. “He had to go. Did the right thing.” Dean flopped onto his back again as a tiny, insistent voice asked
“Castiel, what is it? Your face just went completely white,” Lydia rested a hand on his arm, following Cas’s eyes to the car now sitting in their driveway.
John and Benny covered their ears, sinking to the floor as Bobby continued the chant. Alastair charged Sam, but Sam countered with his blade, sinking it deep into the evil king’s shoulder. Red light sparked from the wound and Alastair growled as he sunk to the ground.
He wondered if Dean felt any remorse. If he cared at all. Did he wonder where Castiel was? Or was he just moving on with life, hunting and picking up random strangers in bars for sex?
“I haven’t decided yet. The Beiler’s have been incredibly kind and have made me that offer, but I’m still unsure whether it’s the right decision for me - or them. If I stayed, it would continue to be an unusual arrangement, since I have no plans to convert.”
“No worries. She’s with Kat until you get better. Lisa’s gonna keep Ben for the rest of the week and I put in for vacation tomorrow and Wednesday. Everything’s gonna be fine. You just concentrate on getting better.” A straw was lifted to his mouth and Cas took a tentative sip. “Nah, c’mon, drink a little more.” Cas complied. “Why didn’t you tell me you weren’t feeling good? Shit, Cas, you scared the crap out of me this morning.”
“I think we’ve reached that point,” Michael added, gently pulling back Dean’s eyelid. “He’s going fast. He’s close to becoming a demon.” As they watched, Dean’s eye flickered black. “There’s not much time left.”
Dean smiled and backed out of the room, pulling the door partially shut. In his own room, he awkwardly stripped his clothes off and tossed them into the hamper, crawling into bed in boxers and a tee shirt. Dean was just about asleep when his phone rang. He groaned and sat back up, grabbing his phone off the nightstand.
“Uh - ok?” Dean said, watching as Cas darted down the hall to his own room. Dean dragged himself out of bed and set the tray on his dresser. He hung his tie back on the rack and shoved his shirt into the dry cleaner’s bag, then closed the closet door and sat on the edge of his bed.
Wait. Love? Dean stared at the back of Cas’s head as they walked down the hall and his heart skipped a beat.
“You are not.” Cas dropped the towel on the coffee table and sat down. “You look completely freaked out.”
“Ok, then.” Dean seemed to realize he was sitting on Cas’s bed with Cas’s hand in his. He blushed and climbed down. “I’m going to see if I can get you something to drink, ok? You’re two bags of fluids in, but I’d bet some ice water would taste good right about now.”
“Uh yeah, this is Cas, my neighbor and Ben’s teacher. Cas, this is Timothy Cain. He teaches piano at the Peabody downtown. He’s gonna help me with the upcoming concerts since I am out of commission.” Dean waved his cast.
Sam knocked on the door at some point. “Dean, you ok?” he asked through the door, raising his voice over Otis Redding’s.
“S’ok, Cas. I’m here. S’ok.” Dean rubbed his back through all of it, helping him lay back down when it was all over.
“Hey!” Kat called as she let the girls in. “Trixie’s dad sent both the kids new iPads for Valentine’s Day--god forbid he actually come see them--anyway is it ok if I set up Trix’s old one for Claire? She can have it. It’s in good shape and only a year old.”
Sam busied himself making the drinks. When both mugs were full, he settled at the table across from Dean. He fussed with his own mug for a moment before opening his mouth. “Dean -”
“You keep beehives?” Cas asked Jacob, eyes lighting up with interest as he observed the long row of hives. So far that morning, he’d learned how to milk cows, slop pigs, feed chickens, and toss pitchforks full of hay into feed bins. The hand me down jeans Dean had given him were dirty and dusty, his shoulders burned from the increased activity, and he was sure there was at least one or two pieces of straw in his hair, but Cas hadn’t felt so content in some time.
“Let me be clear, Steve. Lydia and I know you’re running from something - or someone. We know you have no place to go, no family. But you’re welcome here. You don’t have to tell us what happened to you or where you’ve been, just be honest, work hard, and don’t give us reason to regret bringing you in. That’s all. Got a roof over your head and Lydia’s fine cooking. You’re safe here.”
“What the actual fuck,” he grumbled, throwing back the blanket. He knew it wasn’t Cas--Cas had stopped knocking a long time ago, since he had his own key.
Back in his own house, Cas did a once over on his outfit. He looked ok, in a plain long sleeve tee, but he grabbed a black button down from his closet, layering it under a soft gray v-neck sweater. He contemplated ties for a minute but decided he was overdoing it. Cas grabbed his black tailored trench, the one he almost never wore.
“Ok, enough, enough,” Dean protested, his face flaming. God, Gabe had a mouth on him. He turned to Cas. “Didn’t you say something about donuts?”
The reception was at a bar called The Roadhouse, owned by Sam and Dean’s beloved Aunt Ellen and her daughter Jo. Cas got to meet Dean’s godparents, Bobby Singer and Jody Mills, who were apparently engaged themselves. It seemed like every last member of the extended clan was a cop, married to a cop, or worked with cops. Ellen’s husband, Bill, had been Rufus’s partner a long time ago, but had died of a heart attack at a young age. Bobby had been Rufus’s partner until retiring the year before, and Jody was also a member of the department. Jo, against her mother’s wishes, was a cop, and according to Rufus, a damn good one.
Jacob sat at the head of the table and closed his eyes in silent prayer. Lydia and Aaron followed. Cas looked down at his plate, wondering what he would say to his father if he stood before him in that moment.
“Oh sweetheart,” Cas pulled Dean in and held him tight. “It was just a nightmare. Just a bad dream,” Cas soothed. Dean let Cas hold him close and comfort him. “Go back to sleep, love.”
“Whatever,” Dean mumbled. One of Rufus’s younger cop buddies asked Sarah to dance and she agreed with a smile. “Missed your chance. Now you’re officially stuck with me.”
“And you stay back from the front lines. I can’t - I won’t lose you. No matter what happens, you stay back.”
“No, you’re not. And don’t think I’m above having Gabriel slip you something to knock you out. You can’t even stand for more than a few minutes. How exactly do you think you’re going to fight?” Cas’s arms were also crossed - the difference was that he actually
“I know we’ve been doing things this way for a long time, but I’m tired of it. I want him more. He’s getting so big so fast and I feel like I’m really missing out.”
“Not well. He’s not responding to anything Gabriel and I have tried thus far. Curse those vile demons,” she spat.
“Yeah, shit, that’s him alright. He rode up there on my load, was sound asleep when Jacob found him.”
Dean sat at his desk watching Cas move around the room, and he didn’t need the heater for the warmth he was feeling. “I’m good,” he told Cas, a smile on his face.
“One, it’s not really a drug, per se. Two, I’ve been out for years. Made up for lost time.” Cas lit the pipe and took a deep drag, holding the smoke in his lungs before passing the pipe to Dean.
“Alright, we’re ready. Let’s go,” Cas said, unaware of the brotherly teasing happening as he lifted Dean’s bag from the desk. “Sam, you’re also welcome for dinner, although I’m guessing you’d like to get home to Jess.”
Cas helped Ben tape the heart in the front window while Dean watched helplessly. There was no way Kat was going to let it go if she saw it. Maybe he could take it down later, before she had a chance to lay eyes on it.
“That explains so much,” Dean mused, letting his body fall back into the pillows. “But -” his eyes filled with tears again. “If Sam’s king, then Dad is -”
“And that’s just it. I was kinda hoping--I mean--,” Dean could hear Cas encouraging him in his mind. “Lisa, I’m really tired of only being a weekend dad.”
Not bothering to light the kerosene lamp beside his bed, Cas walked across the hall to the small bathroom, turning on the taps until warm water ran out. He soaked a washrag and wrung it out, using the warm cloth to wipe the sweat from his face. Sniffling, Cas realized it wasn’t all sweat.
Cas huffed and stomped down the porch. If Dean wanted to talk, he could talk while Cas did his chores. Not looking to see if Dean was following him, Cas headed towards the hives.
“Yeah, I got through a shower. I want to say no, I don’t need you to help me get dressed, but I probably do. I think it’s just gonna be a polo and hoodie today. Not trying to get into a button down.”
“That sounds awesome.” He stood and let Cas help him into his coat. His left arm slid through the sleeve but his right arm stayed in its sling, tucked tightly against his chest. He waited patiently as Cas put a beanie on him then worked a glove onto his left hand. Cas wrapped a scarf around his neck. Dean didn’t think any of this was a big deal but apparently Sam did, judging by that stupid expression on his stupid face.
A rest stop glowed in the distance. Maybe he could curl up in one of the stalls and sleep for a short time, but to his great dismay, the rest stop was closed when he got there, only open for trucks to park for a night.
“Upstairs using the little boys’ room. Have a seat,” Cain purred, patting the couch cushion next to him. Cas sat on the far end of Dean’s couch. Chuckling, Cain took a sip of amber liquid from the crystal tumbler in his hand. “You really don’t like me, do you?”
“Hang on, love,” he said softly, brushing his lips across Dean’s forehead. He followed Gabriel and Kali through the open air corridors of the palace to a glassed in room that contained the bubbling mineral pool.
“Dean - I don’t think - I don’t think -” The bathroom spun in a dizzying circle and Cas’s knees buckled.
Dean snuffled in his sleep and rolled onto his back and Cas grunted when he got slapped in the side with Dean’s cast. He turned towards the window, too wired to sleep. They’d been laying in Dean’s bed for about an hour and while Dean was deeply asleep, Cas couldn’t stop his racing thoughts. There was a gap of about twelve inches between them on Dean’s big bed and Cas wanted nothing more than to roll over and close that gap. He wanted to pull Dean into his arms and hold him all night. After that near miss kiss in the bathroom earlier in the week, Cas felt utterly imbalanced where Dean was concerned.
“Are you ok?” Charlie asked, catching up with him on his way down the hall. “No offense, Cas my dude, but you look like death warmed over. In a microwave.”
“Yup. I’m excited, I’ve never had either one of those completely homemade. I didn’t even know you could make them homemade.”
Still, he kept up a cheerful demeanor as he drove Dean home. They said their goodbyes and Cas went to fetch Claire from Kat’s, only to be told that Trixie and Claire were in the middle of a
The man was almost as tall as Dean, with thick, curly silver hair pulled into a tail. He wore a black peacoat over a burgundy v-neck sweater and dark jeans, and the look Dean was giving him was unmistakable adoration.
The redhead ran up the stairs and hugged him tightly. “Hi! I’m Charlie, and I’ve been wanting to meet you pretty much forever!”
(Is this an accurate translation? I dunno. I used one of those translater things and hoped for the best.)
The group munched on the pie, Aaron and Jacob grunting and burping. Castiel ate his pie slowly, appreciatively. He was approaching comfortably full, and sighed happily around a bite of apple.
Herein lies the fluff fic that I promised Powerfulweak to make up for years of angst delivered by yours truly. I hope you enjoy it!
Dean blushed and Cas sure as hell didn’t know how to respond, so he just mumbled a quiet thanks. His phone buzzed in his hand. “Dean, your mom says to pick Claire up as soon as I possibly can--they’re at her house.”
“No worries, there’s always tomorrow.” Cas shut the bedside lamp off and kissed Dean’s forehead. “Sleep well.”
“No. No, you should leave. Leave, Dean. I’m staying.” He turned on his heel and went into the house, shutting the door firmly behind him. Cas walked across the floor to the door to his own rooms and shut that as well. He sat on his bed and lifted the German Bible from the nightstand, laying it open on his lap.
“You’re phoning it in, dude. Like - you’re here, physically, but not mentally. And where the hell is Cas? Shouldn’t he be here, since he’s all human and stuff now?”
Dean stared blankly at Cas. “Uh. Cas, it’s Wednesday. You’ve been in and out of it for a few days. I knew I should have taken you in sooner. I had no idea you’d lost that much time. Fuck.” An expression of guilt flicked on Dean’s face.
He didn’t stick around, snatching the bill off the table and heading to the front. Charlie joined him as he finished settling the bill, the remains of their breakfasts in boxes. “Great, c’mon, let’s go.”
Cas was right. He was stressed. His skin felt itchy, too big for his body. Dean’s entire being throbbed with an unknown restlessness. He didn’t know how to sate it. All he really wanted was to pass out and sleep.
“Dean? This - these pictures - it’s alright. You haven’t done anything wrong, I promise you. But I want to,” Cas’s voice comes nearer and a hand lands on Dean’s shoulder, “I want to take you home. Sam’s waiting and Rowena isn’t sure how long she can keep Michael contained. It’s taking all the power she and Max Banes have to control him and they’re both growing weary. Once you help me shove him out, Sam and I have a container that will hold his grace indefinitely, but we have to get him out first. Please, Dean,” Cas begs, “please look at me.”
Before the end of the day, the kids had completely lost interest. Such was the fickle mind of a child. One person, however, had not lost interest at all.
“Please. You’ve been staring into space for the past twenty minutes,” Zachariah Adler sneered. He turned to Crowley. “We talked about this. But no, you’re determined to keep your little protege here. I wanted you fired,” he informed Dean, “but Crowley considers you to be his precious pet, so here you are, wasting all of our time.”
Cas drifted off again, only this time, he got to enjoy the feel of Dean’s fingers combing gently through his hair as he went under.
are long passed, and as Lydia and I have no children, I can’t see us needing that house for anything. We’d be happy to let you have it in exchange for the work you put in around here.”
Dean watched Cas dutifully tape all the hearts Claire and Ben gave him in the window. “Hey, Claire--run back to our house and grab that box of extra red heart lights. We’ll put them in the window, too. I know how you like to decorate for holidays,” Cas said to Dean, as Claire left to get the lights. “I should’ve offered to help sooner.”
“No, but you want to. I can feel you over there, just fucking vibrating your little ass off to keep from opening your big mouth.”
Samuel? What the - what happened?” Dean stared at Cas. “And how the hell did I get here in the first place?”
The looks Dean was giving Cas was a completely different story. He seemed quiet at times, contemplative, staring at Castiel when he thought Cas wasn’t looking.
On the wagon ride home, Castiel found himself full and content, leaning back in the buggy and smiling as the New York countryside went by.
Cain was ridiculously attractive, Cas could at least admit that. But Cain was also so manly, fit, and probably just Dean’s type. Considering Cas knew a bunch of the people Dean had been with--Victor, Benny--it seemed as far as men went, Cain seemed to be exactly Dean’s type.
“Oh god, turn it down,” Cas moaned, covering his ears with his hands. He didn’t hear what else Dean said, but he was aware of Dean’s strong hands steering him into a chair. His room was suddenly dimly lit, and Dean was kneeling, his pretty green eyes wide and concerned.
Looking from Crowley and his obvious confusion, to Adler’s apoplectic face, to Gordon’s smug expression, Dean threw his head back and laughed. Laughed until tears streamed down his face. When he finally calmed, he wiped his eyes and looked around at several shocked faces.
“Nice to meet you,” she smiled. She pointed around the corner. “You can wash up in there, if you’d like. I’ll take your bag.” She held her hand out for it.
“Just the district manager coming in. And it’s Friday, so we’ll be busy as all hell.” Dean closed his eyes as Cas rinsed the soap from his hair. “Can’t wait until I can just cook for a living and stop hawking auto parts.”
Dinner was a pleasant affair, and Cas was surprised to find himself warming up to Cain, who managed to be both charming and hilarious without it all feeling like an act. Dean seemed pleased when he noticed the shift in attitude, and it didn’t hurt when Cas realized that even though Dean looked at Cain with pure adoration, there was nothing sexual about it at all.
THESE FUCKERS I SWEAR. This wasn't even supposed to happen until the next chapter but I lost control of the little bitches and they hopped right into bed ARGHHHH
“I’m afraid someone would hit my arm and I just don’t feel like getting all dressed up and explaining what happened over and over and I don’t want to see Meg and she’s always there on Fridays,” Dean blurted out in a rush.
Dean smiled and leaned in for a real kiss and of course, that led to being boxed in against the wall while Victor owned his mouth. Nimble fingers worked the buttons on his shirt and crisp black cotton floated to the ground. Victor slid his hands down over Dean’s ass and hauled him up. He wrapped his legs around Vic’s waist automatically, before draping his arms over naked, broad shoulders. Vic carried him down the hall, using Dean’s ass to shove them through the doorway.
“The rest stop? Son, that was about two hundred miles ago. You ‘spect me to believe you been asleep this whole time?”
Castiel had no idea how long he walked, or how far, but the strap of the duffel Dean had given him made his shoulder ache. His feet hurt enough to make him want to cry, and he sniffled, rubbing at his nose with his dirty sleeve. It was getting cold. He knew he needed to find shelter, and soon.
“I dunno. I want adventure, yeah, but I just feel like,” she looped an arm through Dean’s and smiled up at Sam. “I feel like I’m needed here. What do you guys think about me staying for a while?”
Dean couldn't stop thinking about his roommate. He couldn’t get Cas’s face out of his mind. The morning of Cas’s graduation, when he’d stood in Cas’s room, putting that damn tie and tie-tac on him, he’d said that stupid shit about Cas deserving to have someone fuss over him and when he’d looked up, Cas’s eyes had gone all gentle and soft - fuck, Dean had wanted to kiss him. Wanted to kiss that sweet, impossibly gorgeous face and see where it went.
Five minutes later, he was sitting on the closed lid of his toilet while Cas pressed toilet paper against the cut on his cheek. “Why didn’t you just ask me to help?”
Cas looked down at the Reader’s Digest crumpled in his hands. “Oh.” He let it fall beside him on the couch. “Anyway, what were you about to ask me?”
Now there were two idiots laughing at him. Dean slammed his tupperware back into his lunchbag. “This is why I eat in my classroom,” he muttered irritably, standing up so fast his chair shot out behind him.
“Uh -” He tilted his head back from where he’d been happily snuggled in Victor’s arms with his face pressed against his neck. “Sorry?”
Castiel took the hand Jacob offered him, letting the man pull him from the hay. “You’re very kind. There aren’t enough kind people in this world.”
At some point, Mary became Dean, but Cas couldn’t have said when. Nothing made sense to him anymore. He drifted in and out of miserable fever. Awareness returned memorably at one point, when his stomach lurched. Dean was there, supporting him as he was violently ill.
“Demon bites change humans, much like dragon bites do,” Gabriel explained. “We’re trying to flush out the demon saliva so your bite can take hold - but it’s not going well, at least it hasn’t so far.”
“Goddammit,” Cas wrapped his arms around Dean and pulled him in. “I have waited so long for this.” He claimed Dean’s lips in the sweetest, softest kiss. Dean let out a soft noise against Cas’s lips as he melted against him, and the kiss went from soft and sweet to dirty as hell in seconds.
A tray of cold cuts, bowls of potato salad and coleslaw, pickles, sliced bread, steaming cups of coffee, condiments, and what looked like homemade potato chips lined the long board table. Two pies sat on one end, and Cas couldn’t help but think about Dean and his love of pie. He smiled sadly at the pecan, Dean’s favorite.
“Tell me ‘bout it. But we get up there, Jacob finds the guy burrowed down in the hay. I wasn’t real impressed, but old Jacob, damn trustworthy fool, invites this moron up to his house. Now he’s livin’ up there with ‘em. Don’t trust him, I’m tellin’ ya.”
“Uh - well - um -” Dean stammered, tried to find some words. A sea of children were moving past, oblivious to his struggle as they made their way to class.
It didn’t take Cas long to get from his house to the hospital and he easily found the Winchesters in the Labor and Delivery waiting room. Everyone looked quite cheerful--Mary and Ellen were chatting with Jo, Jess’s parents were talking with Bobby, and Aaron had apparently just shown up with doughnuts and coffee and was handing them out--but Dean was wearing a trail back and forth between the vending machines as he paced. Mary caught Cas’s eyes as he stepped into the room, glancing at her son and back to Cas in a clear
Dean ran his left hand through his hair. “I just--we’ve been doing this for a while and things are set and I don’t want to rock the boat.”
Cas used a warm, damp washcloth to wash away the last of the shaving cream. “Maybe, but it could have been worse. Try to take the good with the bad. And I’m right next door and happy to help without teasing you, which is more than you could hope to get with Sam.”
Your work is beautiful and really captures the scenes they were drawn for. You were an absolute pleasure to work with, and I still feel like I won the artist lottery!
“I just feel so horrible and I can’t keep track of time and I’m so tired, I’m so tired, Dean.” Cas was well aware that tears were streaming down his face but he had no idea how to stop them.
. “Actually, Lisa, can he just stay? I ordered groceries and I was going to come get clothes tomorrow for him and I dunno, I just--”
“Born on the last day of February by three minutes. She’s lucky it wasn’t a leap year. And she’s got Jess’s nose, but those eyes are all Sammy’s. I can’t believe I’m an uncle to the cutest damn baby ever...next to Ben of course!”
“Really. I don’t make friends easily. I never have. Jimmy was the more outgoing of the two of us. I haven’t had--I haven’t really had to make friends. Jimmy made friends and then they became my friends. My one and only actual romantic relationship was with a woman who was one of his and Amelia’s friends. But, I moved in and met you and it--I don’t know Dean, but it felt like coming home. Like I was meant to move here and meet you, and Sam, Kat, Charlie, your mothers--it was like coming home.”
“I’m sorry I’m so much trouble, Dean,” he whimpered into Dean’s neck as he was carried down the hall.
Dean reached across the desk and laid his left hand over Cas’s, silencing his friend immediately. “I promise, I’ll tell you. Ok?”
“Sounds good to me. See you later.” Dean dragged his fingers down Victor’s arm as he moved past him. He could feel Vic’s eyes on his ass as he walked to his classroom. Dean had worn the good jeans that day.
