Faith nodded, and stopped tracing her finger across his shoulder. She knew it was potentially risky to ask her father, but it was going to eat at her if she didn’t. She was still trying to work out exactly how her parents relationship even worked.
I need him to slow down, can’t he see that? But the door has finally broken open, and a noise behind us makes me turn. Whatever happened to him when he finally broke the unspoken agreement we’ve had since I don’t know when, it’s triggered the Empty. I looked back at him as he stepped closer.
“I feel like a big weight’s just come off my shoulders.” She admitted. “I thought you’d be really judgemental.”
“I mean, I did wonder why you were asking about that stupid rumour when I thought you knew … is that what’s bugging you?”
He passed her a fork, and began pouring the syrup all over the stack until the plate began pooling with syrup. Claire cut into the stack and ignored her father for a few blissful moments.
“Wow. I’d love to be on his pedestal.”
“Half-bloods?”
Castiel closed his eyes in mortification. Dean had promised him that everything was fine. No wonder Sam had seemed so confident about what they’d been up to.
“I know. He keeps talking about you.”
“I just thought. It’s our first time going out as an engaged couple, and,” he found what he was looking for, shut the drawer and walked back, before going on one knee, holding it up. “I didn’t even give you a ring.”
“Yeah well, perks when your principal bangs your dad and your dad is still trying to suck up for ditching you. Let’s order some food.”
Castiel put the key in the ignition, and pursed his lips at the rear view mirror.
With that, Hannah shut him inside the room, and Castiel knew without even trying that escape was futile. He wished that Dean were there with him, prepared to deal with whatever Heaven was about to throw their way, and protecting Castiel without a second thought.
'Talk to me, Faith. Come on, I deserve to know too.'
“Gabriel,” Michael shook his head, and looked at Castiel. “Of course I wasn’t bribing him. It was actually quite awkward seeing you together for the first time. I realised I hadn’t been very welcoming when I had met him, and I’d told him you were a fan of his. I was worried I’d made it worse for you.”
But both Kaia and Patience insisted on sitting with them at lunch, talking like old friends and bringing Claire and Alex into their conversation. Claire didn’t feel comfortable with the topic at hand, and she doubted her girlfriend did either. So she tucked into her lunch, only for someone to make the situation even more irritating.
'Say that to a demon, and enjoy watching it slowly torture your boyfriend.'
A few moments later, the waitress appeared again, making flirty faces at Gabriel as she carried a tray laden with more drinks. She took her time placing them in front of the three of them, making sure that Gabriel had a good view of her cleavage. Castiel looked at the drinks in distaste.
When the movie was over, Jack went to study, and Dean went to cook dinner, leaving Claire and her father.
I got back into drawing a few weeks ago. I still have a LOT to learn, but I wanted to do some artwork connected to my writing, so I did a picture. It's not a scene, or at least, not one I've written so far, but I'm fairly proud of it. So if you're wondering what that atrocity is at the end ... at least Misha's face looks like him, IMHO
“Kid?” Dean called through the door. Claire threw her toothbrush into the holder.
“She’s a senior.” Claire found herself defending Patience.
He nodded to the door, where his brother was somewhere on the other side. Faith sighed.
She looked down at the papers, still scrunched in her hand, and resumed reading the notes that the Men of Letters had made and preserved over the years, all of them concerning the bright and enigmatic Dexter Bellafontane. The cramp in her stomach grew worse as she read about the years of gradual manipulation of the Men of Letters, of how he was trying to create an immortal army of intelligent men. How Cuthbert Sinclair was his most promising protege. Someone had scribbled in sloppy hand "Ah well, ganked that bitch with Cain's blade" in the margin of that entry. Faith could see why Sam and Dean had jumped to the conclusions about Dax that led to his possible torture. What was she going to do now?
“Good. And you got rid of Azazel too. You’ve done me proud, Dean. So, where’s your Cas?”
“I’m going to be hungry after this, aren’t I? I skipped breakfast and lunch.”
“Castiel can help you.”
'Could work,' Dean shrugged. 'I've always got the photographs.'
“Yep.”
“Could be your big break.” The guy called Benny laughed, and then huffed as they continued dragging the metal barely over the marble flooring. The guy that Castiel only knew as ‘brother’ at this point waited until they had stopped moving again to answer.
“Are we done now?”
“So are you,” Jack pointed out. “Uncle Cas told me the whole story. Why I hadn’t seen you for so long.”
“Castiel,” he corrected quietly. And hating himself, he had to ask the next question. “Does that change matters?”
“Hey, Mr Winchester!” One of the guys crowed. Dean looked over and waved, before stepping aside so Claire could play first.
Sam’s expression was similar to Michael’s when he was most stressed. Clearly the night was a big deal to him and his siblings weren’t making it easy for him. Castiel made the effort, hoping that maybe Sam would appreciate it, would maybe be more positive about him coming back into their lives. He knew as much about opera as he did about black-and-white movies, or contemporary art.
“Hello, Dean. You’ve expressed distaste for real life versions of the items listed in the song that you by now know I’m emulating for you. I hope you enjoyed the strip club last night. Anyway,” he cleared his throat. “This is today’s offering.”
'That's not it, Uncle Gabe.'
'So, you and Dad, are you married?
“Thanks,” Alex murmured.
'We were. And we can be again, right?'
“I am grateful, you know. For most things. But losing Charlie … it’s nearly as bad as losing you. You know, she’s like family. And you were the one who showed me that I could have more family than just Sam and Bobby. I just had to pick that family carefully. You were a great choice.”
He still had the forced parting in his wavy hair. His thick framed glasses looked as though they had been broken, and then taped back together. His shirt was crumped, and his tie was gone. There was a bruised, hollow look to his cheeks, and he eyed Faith warily.
It was quiet for a few moments, and Claire debated going into her own room when they started talking again.
Faith shrugged, and carried on flipping through the book.
“Because he wants to be honest. But it sucks.”
'I remember. I thought I was dying. Unless I'm in Heaven?' Junior thudded his head backwards against the couch cushions.
She barely saw her dad for most of the day, and thankfully Jack was out of the way as well. Sam and Eileen made sure she ate, and introduced her to some of their favourite adoptive family members, and even some real family members in the shape of the Campbells, their mother’s side of the family.
“How do you feel about pancakes this morning?” He beamed at her. She slid onto a stool at the breakfast bar and scrutinised him.
“What are you avoiding?” Alfie asked. Dean tapped the textbook between them silently. “Come on, Castiel is clearly your boyfriend. He doesn’t stop looking at you.”
“Thanks.”
"Fine, it was fine. Half the beds are empty at the moment, so that's a good sign." She took a sip from Sam's cup, and ran a hand through his hair. Castiel watched with interest, at the small touches that they shared. He was normally so wrapped up in Dean that he never noticed their relationship. "So, what's going on? Are we planning something for Dean in secret?"
Castiel looked down at his noodles, sitting there uneaten.
“Did you get married in Vegas?”
“He didn’t mean right this second,” she stopped Kevin from standing up. “Eat, we’ll hang out for a bit. I would personally give you the day off and arrange to meet back at the house afterwards, but I’m not a dick.”
Castiel had reminded him.
'You whine more than any girl I know, Dax.'
“Promise?”
Castiel shook his head to dispel the thought. He did not need to encourage Gabriel, and he knew the thought had only occurred because they had been drinking.
Dean’s next visit to the island was bleak. The goats and chickens were grazing aimlessly, mingling together. The crops looked sickly and strangled by weeds, the fig and olive trees were heavy with fruit turning overripe. The door to the house was closed, but with a little force Dean got it open, and collapsed on the threshold. Sam and Gabriel were curled together on the bed, but the air stank of staleness and rot. Neither body was moving, and when Dean touched his brother, his skin was ice cold. He couldn’t resist trying to rouse him, as Castiel walked in and looked around at the food stores.
“No, Dax, you’re not. It’s a lot to explain. Sit down.”
'Well? Don't you think your girlfriend deserves to know? Or are you going to keep lying to her?'
She knew Gabriel was hanging around, talking to her mother whenever they could, away from her father and uncle, who were having their own discussions away from anyone with a grace. Faith knew they were debating between themselves how they could torture Dax without upsetting her. Whatever Castiel had said when she pleaded for help, it had worked. Maybe he held more power over Dean than he knew?
He took another moment to look at her before putting his own seatbelt on, and she looked out of the window instead. She had no idea how to get through the day without some level of interaction with her cousin, but how would she control herself in front of him at the same time? Castiel pulled out of the driveway and headed out of town towards a nearby diner while Claire continued her internal debate.
As if the rumours about Sam and Dean hadn’t been bad enough. As if Claire didn’t have enough to deal with. And yeah, she had been in a bad mood in the morning, but that didn’t mean she didn’t like Dean, didn’t appreciate what he had done for her in the cemetery and now it was tainted by stupid rumours.
“Okay.” Faith murmured.
“Yes. I’m sorry.”
'It knows,' Faith rolled her eyes.
Dean hadn’t even told his sister who he was? Castiel was flattered that he had paid attention enough to have that kind of discretion. Maybe Dean also wanted to avoid a shrill overreaction like he expected Charlie would make. Still, he was about to spend thirty minutes with her, and Dean, and their other brother. He could hardly be rude and not give it, though it caused that anxious sensation in his stomach.
“Claire?”
'He's not as great as Gabriel.'
“What for?”
“You said you’d look after him!”
Faith barely registered that they were back at the motel, even as Dax charged up the steps and began packing all of their belongings hastily back into their duffel bags. She stood in the doorway, not focusing on anything, going through the motions as Dax grabbed her arm and dragged her back down the steps, handing her the bags and car keys and running over to the reception to check out while she packed up and warmed up the car. All that really went in was the fact that Dax's haste was a clear indication that he too, knew Sam was a threat. Faith was glad, at least, that Gabriel had some kind of agenda with Sam which would buy them some time to get away. She was more grateful than ever to her guardian angel.
“He wasn’t. I think his drink was tampered with.”
'Let's discuss it now. You're here to get rid of me. I want to go. Kill me.'
“Yeah. He saw us living together. He said it was here.”
“And to check out cheerleaders!” Tall-gangly sniggered triumphantly. Alex gave him a saccharine smile, and tucked her hair behind her ear.
'Like I said, with or without Faith. I'd prefer it with, but that girl has a mind of her own. If you hadn't noticed.'
'Dean, we're not going to lose her. Not again. I won't let that happen. And Father wouldn't ask for her to do this without some reward.'
“Or comic books,” Castiel shrugged easily, playing along.
“As if you don’t know why.”
“Anything for you, Dean.”
Claire wracked her brains.
“That’s cute. I was going to say, my foster mom will take you in. She’s called Jody. She’s cool.”
'I tell you Faith's dad and uncle, the famous Winchesters, locked me in a dungeon, and that's all you got?'
“See, that right there. Frustration. Interrupting your happiness.”
'Yeah, just in case. Gabe? What's going to happen with Dax?'
The three of them watched as Faith talked fast to Dean, and he paled slightly, but talked back, and after a few minutes, stood up, stepping forward.
Dean pulled him into a kiss, which was interrupted swiftly by another guest.
“I’ll leave you to your lunch, and continue looking around, if that’s okay? If you trust me.”
“Hey, what are you doing here?” Claire wanted to know.
“Demi. When you showed me those ace terms, that’s the one that seemed to fit.”
“You’re my ideal guy,” he whispered, hoping his didn’t wake Dean up. “Everything about you, Dean, it all makes me like you more. I hope this is just the start for us.”
“That why you want me, huh?” Dean panted. “Not just for all those pretty words at dinner.”
“Castiel!”
“And I’m sorry. But if your best friend and your brother had constantly trashed me, made you doubt why I liked you, would you really have listened to me?”
Claire scowled at her.
'Really? She's been a little distant the past couple days.'
“Want a coffee?”
'So who is this guy?' Dean asked as they waited at the fence bordering the field. Garth and Gabriel were still with Junior, who was yet to stir.
'I'm not trying to piss you off, Faith. And I do look human.'
'I never said you were, but this is going completely over my head right now.'
“I’d never really considered it before, Sam, but … your soul is tainted. It’s probably always been that way. It has been since I’ve known you, anyway. The influence of the demon blood, it shows on your soul.”
As soon as everything had been eaten, and Junior was given the task of washing up, the rest of their group set about packing up, and Faith approached, watching his scrub the pans in a nearby stream.
She did, closing the door behind her. Her dad was in a three piece suit, and holding a tie in each hand.
Gabriel walked into the room, and looked at Faith and Junior with a raised eyebrow.
“I don’t make bad dad jokes.”
“I barely know him, Dean. But this is too much to deal with right now, and I should,” she looked towards the door.
Dax and Faith had driven for hours, their choices were erratic as they tried to put as much distance between themselves, and Sam and Krissy as was possible. They had only stopped to swap over driving duties and for Dax to pee in the middle of some woodland. It had been hours, but they were both still checking in the rearview mirror, just in case they were being followed suddenly by the sleep black-and-chrome lines of the vintage Impala.
“Ahhh, so Manny lives next door.”
Dean gestured wordlessly to Faith and Castiel sighed.
“You shouldn’t have given up. You deserve to be happy.”
'Chuck was Edlund's real name. It's not important. Chuck was writing some kind of horror romance, or something lame like that, the truth was a lot worse. And the truth is, Dean, Cas and I? We're a lot more capable than those books would have you believe, okay?'
Claire shook her head.
Castiel placed a tentative hand on Dean’s.
“How about a brother with prophetic dreams and visions?” Dean propped himself on his elbows. “You should have seen him when he met his girlfriend, he started babbling about how he had seen her for a year before they met, went into the whole spiel … and she signed back at him. Completely deaf, but great at lip-reading. They’re cute together. And now I feel weird for talking about Sam when I’m in bed with my hot husband.”
'Love you too, Dad.'
“I’m not isolating your daughter. I’m not punishing her. This is a plan we drew up a while ago that has worked before.” Dean sounded strained. “Just for today, I would like to keep an eye on Claire. But due to the nature of the rumours currently circulating the school,” Dean looked at Mr Singer, who gestured for him to keep going. “It’s not possible for me to physically do it. So my staff will do so, and they will report back to me. I can give you full disclosure at the end of the day. It’s supposed to be a chance for Claire to ease back into school without coming up against the same issues that had her excluded yesterday.”
“Kill any filthy Spartan who tried to hurt you.”
'Not going to happen, kid. Cas loves him too much to let him die.'
“Is Garth picking problems based on prime numbers again? He’s nuts.”
“I’m so sorry, Claire.”
There was the sound of someone settling into a chair, and Claire knew Jack was making himself comfortable.
‘Cassie, what’s the problem? Dean really enjoyed it. Like,
'Sure,' Dean called back. Garth and Junior paused by the hedgerow separating the field from the next one, and waited for everyone else to catch up. When the five of them had gathered, Faith and Junior set about unwrapping all the sleeping bags, Garth built a fire between the bags, and Dean and Gabriel started scratching signs and symbols into the ground around their little gathering.
'Say what you want there, Deano, but whenever we've had a tete-a-tete, it's never my ass that gets it. I'm sure Cas would say the same these days.'
“It’s not an eye for an eye.” Castiel muttered. “And it’s different, that wasn’t me. You’re still there, even with Cain’s mark.”
He stood, and Jack did the same, mirroring his movements as they left the apartment. Claire watched them leave, and turned to her friends. All three of them were staring at her.
“Doesn’t seem like it. You wanna talk?” Dean was still calm. There was concern all over his voice. His hand remained on Castiel’s shoulder.
“Barf.”
“It’s a little early, isn’t it?” She felt confused. They filed into the room, and Eileen started fixing Claire’s hair as Castiel stood up, the other men joining him.
Until he said that. Why couldn’t he be saying these words and then asking Castiel to leave with him? He would go, he would leave Meg at the altar, or send her a text ending the wedding. She would understand.
'Faith,' Dax groaned. 'Turn it off for a second, please. I just want to rest.'
“This isn’t Purgatory, Garth. Your actions, and Junior’s actions, over the last few months have ensured that you won’t ever see that place.”
“I thought I saw something on that napkin. What a creep, he was like, a college student or something.”
'Something's clearly bothering you.'
“I’m sorry your mom isn’t here,” she whispered. He nuzzled further into her hair.
'Ahhhhh!'
“So, when do I see you next?’ Dean asked, his voice almost purring. Castiel could feel his resolve disappearing, and he knew he was in dangerous territory. Luckily, they were nearly at Dean’s house.
Dean looked around for his clothes, and Castiel put a hand on his elbow.
“I know. I know.” Dean managed to ease her back. “But think okay? If you go hitting them because of the things they say, it just validates it. You know I like your dad, you know how you feel. Don’t fuel it.”
'You turned to alcohol while I was searching Purgatory. You shut me out, Dean. Do you honestly think I turned my back on you?'
Patience and Kaia smirked as Emma groaned, head in her hands.
He edged closer, and pulled her into a hug. He stank of Dean, and sex, but Claire didn’t care, because he still had a trace of himself in there and his arms were solid and comforting.
“Even after I kissed you last night?” Claire grinned. Alex gave an answering smile, that was tinged with angst.
“Hey, been waiting to hear from you.”
Dean gave that adorable smirk and stopped looking at his progress.
Claire didn’t bother pointing out that she knew everything, had seen every single letter by that point that her father had sent to both her and her mother, and every reply her mother sent.
'But you didn't let me do mine.'
“Are you okay?” Dean asked.
“How’s school going, Claire?”
She smiled at her mother. He always made it sound so simple, so easy to navigate.
“You have a waistcoat on.” Claire called through the door. “Hey Dean, come here!”
'You've met Faith and Dax already, right?'
“I need to protect you too, Dean.”
Right, so this is a dead end. Good call, Cas, are we going to angel magic our way out of here now?
'Sure, I'll come with you.' Sam turned around.
“What?”
Dean, infuriatingly, didn’t finish his sentence. Castiel looked at him, but Dean was still looking at Sam. Maybe it wasn’t about his mental commentary on Becky at all, but rather Sam’s true face. Perhaps Dean was coming up with a solution for the state of Sam’s soul. Whatever he was thinking, he didn’t say it out loud, but responded to Becky’s question instead.
“Hey, Dean?” Claire started as she began loading her third taco shell. “Why did I get taken to the vice principal today?”
Castiel rolled his eyes again.
She nodded weakly, and looked over at the melee where Sam, Garth and Gabriel were restraining Stevie, and Dean was approaching her with an angel blade. And then she closed her eyes, as another contraction hit … and another … Castiel and Junior were both saying encouraging words and there was shouting from across the park, but Faith was so wrapped up in her pain, she was panting erratically, could barely feel Junior’s hand in hers. She knew that Grace was coming, the tension in her stomach was building, and her vision suddenly turned a blinding, brilliant white.
There was a flash of bright sunlight on metal, before the trill of metal and wood cut through the air, and a loud thunk sounded as the object made impact on its target. The spear stuck straight out, and the warrior who had thrown it strode forward to inspect his efforts.
“From what we’ve researched, you used to have a lot of friends in your other schools. Here you only seem to interact with Alex Jones.”
“You just got here, Claire!”
Castiel tried to focus.
“We can do that.”
'It just feels too good to be true. That I suddenly found my family again, that you were here all this time.'
They finally got sick of the water, the cold of the pool getting to their systems and their kissing no longer able to combat it. Castiel’s mouth felt tender and they settled naked on the rocks beside the pool, although Dean moved again fairly quickly, heading into the tent. Castiel watched him go, but he was back in moments, still completely naked, but holding one of his sketchbooks and a pencil. Castiel watched him, wondering if that was the book he had been caught with that morning.
“Yeah, right. Bye Dean.”
He beamed, and left the room, closing the door softly behind him. Alex grabbed a mascara wand and applied it to Claire’s lashes, her face close as she scrutinised her work. Claire found herself staring into Alex’s eyes, and it felt like Alex was trying to say something to her. It wasn’t clear what Alex was saying, but the whole thing suddenly felt intimate. Alex was cupping her face, kneeling against Claire’s crossed legs, leaning up into Claire’s personal space. It really wouldn’t take much for Alex to kiss her again, or push her down on the bed, or God knows what. It didn’t happen, as Alex moves on to applying lipgloss, and Claire couldn’t work out whether or not she was disappointed by that. Alex holds up a mirror once she’s done with Claire’s make up, and Claire frowns at the person staring back at her.
“Places don’t get up there.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dax was still feeling out of sorts about the whole Faith-found-her-parents situation. As much as he wanted to be supportive of his girlfriend, he felt an increasing chasm between them. She had turned to her parents over him for comfort, her guy-mom seemed to know what was bothering her without needing to have it spelled out, and no one seemed to think he needed to know anything. At least, he reflected as he walked into the meeting room and over to a bookcase, Faith had asked for him. She was still trying to talk to him, and she was still sort-of listening to him. He took a couple of books from the shelves, and sank into a comfortable seat in a well hidden nook, flipping through the pages slowly, trying to take in the words so he didn't have to dwell on the huge changes going on in their lives. He found himself reading about Chupacabra, which he had never heard of before.
“I’m going to bed.”
Castiel nodded, watching Dean’s approach with silent apprehension. Dean stopped inches away from him, and they looked at each other with an understanding that had been there for years. Dean slowly leaned closer, and brushed his mouth slowly against Castiel’s lips.
“Can I ask you all something?” Castiel pressed on, hoping to avoid the topic of his anxiety issues. They made noises of assent, or gestured with their drinks. “Why were none of you at my wedding?”
“Of course I do, Clarence. You don’t get handled like a piece of meat. But Daddy and his friends are here, he wants to make good with the Senate, so if you could get over yourself for one day it would really help. You don’t have to like anyone, you don’t have to enjoy the conversation. Just fake it ’til you make it.”
She reached over to the dashboard, and changed the CD from the whining indie music Dax had chosen, slipping in Led Zeppelin instead.
Alex kept looking back at her, and she felt a little something. Not much, not the butterflies in the stomach or the fireworks everyone spoke about, but a sensation that she and Alex had secrets the rest of the world didn’t know about. That they were connected and had a claim to each other. Claire found that she liked that, the idea that she was special to someone who didn’t have to care about her but did anyway. She leaned against her father, who accepted her into a hug easily, Dean circling his arms around the both of them. She was happy, here at this football game, watching her girlfriend’s robotic, synchronised dance moves, her father’s arms around her and Dean close too. She just hoped it would last.
“You left me.”
“No. He only just let me know. Me, and every other angel.”
“Manny is your twin, your full brother. Mary, Ben, Claire and Alfie are not.”
“She will learn of your death soon enough. She will continue to live.”
“Are you going to be okay?” Alex asked as their laughter subsided. Claire shrugged one shoulder.
“Yep. Claire’s vetoed my goodnight kiss plans.” Dean looked like he was enjoying himself.
“Hello,” Castiel said cheerfully enough, and continued hauling the books to the display. “Claire, could you ring him up please?”
'Too much reading, geek boy. And it's my kid, the one mentioned in those books. I say kid, she looked middle-aged when Castiel killed her.'
'Come on, it's not big, but I can help.'
'Where are we?' She asked, squinting out at the non-descript hillside through the half-light of the evening.
Sam raised his eyebrows and said nothing. Castiel missed the implication, and Sam sighed.
'I'll take care of it. I'm so sorry, Max.' Castiel sounded sincere, as he drove the blade into Max's chest. She slumped over the metal as her scream left her body in a strangled delay, and then it was gone, and Castiel was tucking his angel blade back into his sleeve.
“So, what happens now?”
Faith woke up early in the morning, despite going to sleep late, and wandered into the main meeting room expecting the bunker to seem empty. Instead, she saw her parents, her uncles and Charlie, all moving quietly about, packing three huge rucksacks with food, water, ammunition, guns, salt, silver, knives and spare clothes. Amongst the collection, she noticed a few of those silver blades that had burned her skin so badly when she had touched them before, in Sam and Krissy's hotel room. Beside them was a blade she hadn't seen before, a bowie knife with enochian inscriptions on which she found she could read in the same way she could read her high school Spanish.
“No, my father gets anxious. He can write people incredibly well, but put him in front of a real person,” Castiel shook his head. “Trust me, he wasn’t disapproving of you. He just didn’t know what to say.”
“I’m trying.” Claire swapped two of her own cards, and bit into her donut.
Castiel nodded, shuffling closer to Dean and pressing a brief kiss onto Dean's nose. Faith slumped back into her position on Dean, knocking into her mother, and she just found the energy to point across the room.
“Yeah. Happy room to yourself.”
'This is ass, Cas.'
'Same. We could always just sneak some gas from the garage and leave in the middle of the night?'
“Hello, Dean,” he spoke quietly.
Dean snorted in the kitchen.
Claire stared at his hands, resting on a small stack of papers on the desk, and then glanced up at Mr Singer, who was watching her with the same expression he shot around the classroom during pop quizzes. After a few endless moments of silence, Castiel broke it.
“I know I don’t deserve anything from you, Dean. I know how much I hurt you. When you dropped off the statues, it was difficult for both of us. And then when you were there just before the wedding, just trying to prove you care … that’s the thing that I kept coming back to. That you’d done nothing; that I’d been lied to, and you still apologised. You still thought it was on you. But it never was, and I don’t know how I’m going to make it up to you. Even if you don’t want me back.”
Castiel didn’t feel mocked by Dean’s words. He assumed that maybe Dean was taciturn because others had wasted his time. And Castiel was not going to play that game with him.
I myself waver between these terms. I can also waver between being sex-indifferent and sex-repulsed.
“What I don’t understand, however,” Michael pressed. “Is why you stopped talking with Dean, why you agreed to marry Meg?”
“I’m sorry Castiel. Well, actually I’m not. Maybe I should be, but then you perhaps wouldn’t have had the time with Dean. So I think it was worthwhile.” Michael swelled with his own importance. “So was it apprehension of dancing that made you leave? You were under no obligation to dance.”
“You’re … you’re …” Dean didn’t want to say the words out loud. Castiel looked caught out.
“Castiel.”
'You don't have to be scared, Faith.' Dax murmured. Faith folded her arms as her wings swept around her. 'Just because he says he's your father, it doesn't mean you owe him a thing. Guy's so drunk he probably doesn't know what the hell he's saying.'
Castiel couldn’t believe how casual Dean was being with his brother when the world was ending. He listened shamelessly as Dean apologised to Becky and gave her the same excuse he’d given Sam, and the reassurances that they’d see each other again soon. He heard the bunker door close, and Dean’s footsteps as he progressed from the front door to their bedroom. When he entered the bedroom, the walls were still up, and Castiel couldn’t sense his mood at all. He peeked out from the pillow, not really wanting to deal with Dean’s anger but knowing it was coming anyway.
“I learned it, after you visited me the first time. Apollo and Aristaeus’ accidental son.”
They both turned and looked across the room, where Castiel was at the counter, and Dean had appeared behind him. Castiel was concentrating on changing the receipt roll and Dean was leaning against the wall, but they could see them talking softly. Dean looked over at them and winked, then his eyes dipped down, and Claire turned back around.
“I do love your freckles.”
“Where is your precious Daddy? I’m surprised he let you off the leash long enough to talk to me.”
“Calm down. I’m worried you’re going to have a heart attack.”
“And you’re still walking into it?” Claire asked, trying to distract herself.
They stood there for several more moments before Castiel felt he could walk away. As they walked, Emmanuel kept his hand on his shoulder, trying to soothe the ache inside Castiel’s chest.
'Guess it's too late if there are. So you and he haven't … I mean, you're teenagers-'
He pulled the door open as his siblings dived into their rooms. The doors all slammed shut and Dean looked back at Castiel awkwardly. Castiel gave a sad little smile back.
Meg’s name didn’t generate a reaction either. Dean was genuinely clueless about who Castiel was. But he did snort as soon as Castiel finished speaking, a derisive noise like he couldn’t believe this was happening. Castiel couldn’t either. He felt light-headed again.
“What’s going on?” Alex asked Claire, but some runty freshman turned around and answered.
“Why you don’t want to be back with Alex. Why you haven’t come looking for us after school. I haven’t said anything to Alex, don’t worry.”
'I mean somehow he slipped his chains and disappeared.'
“That’s a jerk move.”
“I guess that just means I have to think of some good ones about Dean to make up for it. What you don’t know about Dean, is that after we lost our mom when I was a baby, Dean pretty much raised me. Along with a little help from Dad, and a lot from Uncle Bobby. So Castiel, I can tell you this - Dean makes a great mother.”
'I never thought you'd be telling someone to protect themselves. Especially your own daughter.' Sam rolled his eyes at Faith. 'Normally, it's me trying to give them a hand, and Dean saying no way. Like Adam?'
They glanced at each other and then stood up, following him into the sitting area, where he placed the box gently on the coffee table. Dean tossed a dish cloth over his shoulder and walked across from the kitchen, folding his arms and watching Castiel with a doe-eyed look.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean gave Alfie a sour look, and Alfie had the grace to look ashamed in return. Dean made himself turn around and look at his mother.
“I wasn’t going to berate you. But whatever is going on, you have a roof over your head, Castiel. We’ll all help you out. I know you’re not one to spend money frivolously, Raphael said it was okay to let you use my money. But you are absolutely not to give those details to Meg.”
He knew Dean. His artwork breathed emotion. Maybe he didn’t know all the facts about Dean’s life, but he knew him as a person. And maybe Dean needed reminding that he wasn’t a complete saint, that he cared more about money than it seemed he was willing to admit.
“Bye, dad!” And then she was dodging around the hanging bean bags, winding her way towards a slide with a large vertical drop. She heard him groan and knew her father had spotted where she was headed.
“I miss you guys, for sure. But we couldn’t really talk in class, unless Mr Singer set us some weird history stuff. Maybe we could hang out soon?”
Castiel pursed his lips and nodded.
'Focus on the baby, Faith. I'm sure he's fine in the basement. Someone brought him some water earlier.'
'Dax. And she's my niece.' Gabriel countered. Dean sighed.
“I don’t know,” Claire mused. “Dad can keep things pretty close to his chest when he wants to.”
Castiel helped her out of the bed she was in, and over to where he had been sleeping, wrapping his arms around her and kissing her forehead.
“Hello,” he said as he approached them. The man turned, and began gesturing wildly at him. Castiel faltered. “Oh, never mind-”
“At least go get a coffee. You don’t want to worry her when she wakes up and you’ve turned into a zombie.”
“Are you two dating? I mean, I know it’s none of my business, but you smile whenever he’s mentioned, and he said he’d put in a good word for me for this job. I mean, I’m not trying to-”
“What kind of question is that?”
He gave a side smirk.
“So, is this a prank you devised with Gabriel, or did you and your little girlfriend break up?”
“Well … maybe you should cut your losses. I don’t want to keep seeing you fall for the wrong person and end up destroyed by it. Maybe if you and I got married, it would protect you from all this heartache.”
“Uh, we kinda did.”
Junior reached a hand out, and stroked her long brown hair back from her face.
'That's pretty much how Sam reacted when they first appeared.' Dean smirked, walking forwards to watch her progress. Sam shook his head at Dax, who smiled weakly.
Demiromantic: A demiromantic is a type of grey-romantic who only experiences romantic attraction after developing an emotional connection beforehand. Demiromantics do not experience primary romantic attraction, but they are capable of secondary romantic attraction. The sexual counterpart to demiromantic is demisexual.
Claire forced a small smile, and then watched the town slide by as they wound their way to Sam and Eileen’s place, her attention only distracted when Sam called Jack on speakerphone and let him know the plans for the following few days. Jack’s voice sounded strained, and Claire closed her eyes as she heard it. She should never have said anything.
“Can we have some breathing time between them?”
“Okay, don’t be dorks about it.”
'So what happened to Cassandra?' Dax wanted to know. Sam flicked through the photographs in order, showing the tiny baby growing slowly even as she developed enough to sit up, stand, and walk in a succession of photographs Dean had kept private. Dax didn't know much about babies - he and Faith had ignored them in the home, sticking close together whenever they could - but even he could tell that there was an intelligence in her eyes from the very start, far beyond any normal baby. Eventually, they got to the photographs with Sam in, and Dax realised he hadn't been in any of the pictures so far.
“I never said it was. That’s how I felt before Cassandra.”
'Let her sleep,' Dean decided, wrapping his arms around Castiel's waist. 'We'll tell her when she's not dopey from a nap.'
“I was talking to Dean after he saw you,” Gabriel crunched on a carrot stick.
“I like that idea. I’m sorry, Claire, I should have tried so much harder to see you.”
“But surely you can understand that, to the both of us, it looks exactly like you’re isolating Claire to continue punishing her?”
Dean gestured back to the pipers, who faded into nothingness. It was just the two of them.
Castiel turned, and looked at Junior, before entering the conversation.
“I just think we need some information. You’re fifteen, and I know what that means with dates,”
Castiel hesitantly looked at Dean, who shrugged at him and then refocused on Gabriel. Castiel looked at his brother also, feeling more apprehensive than when they’d first set foot in Gabriel’s office.
'No, we've dealt with an antichrist before. We stopped Cas killing one before. He was a sweet little kid who believed everything you told him.'
“Do you think he wanted to leave his house, his servants, his friends and family? But the choice between fitting into society and losing me, or having me at the cost of his reputation … he didn’t hesitate for long. Most of our conversation was about how we were going to make it happen, how we could before we were caught and taken from each other. We came here separately to try and stave it off, at least for a day. It worked.”
Dax didn't know what to do. She had her wings out, it was hard to convince Stevie that it was some misunderstanding. But he knew the worst thing he could do would be to tell Stevie the truth. Some old, annoying loyalty to his girlfriend made him scramble for a realistic cover.
“Okay, I guess.”
“Ignoring reality to have this with you would be nice, but we’d only be pushing back a tough decision. I know you feel responsible for your siblings.”
There was silence down the phone for a moment, before Castiel spoke again, his voice tender.
They started walking past the car, and tried to pick out the route between the trees. Claire turned on the torch function on her phone, and they used that to help them cut through the woods.
“I thought you said Mr Winchester wanted to see you.” She snarked. “I didn’t realise it was Mr Winchester.”
“Where are you taking him?”
“Never seen that guy before in my life.”
'Nope. First, Sam wanted me to find out why the hell you screwed him over in Mississippi. He's still there, solving the case, but hey, I can still interrogate with the best of them. So sit down, shut up, eat your damn dinner and spill.'
“You. Were. Wrong.”
“It might be awful, you’re changing the way your family functions. But I’m here for you every step of the way, and if it’s easier to stay, we can change the plan.”
“Hey, Jack,” it was Alex. Claire kept her eyes closed. “She’s still sleeping?”
Inside the gallery, Castiel could see it was already full of people, paintings, urns, and metal sculptures. He spotted Sam almost straight away, talking with Edith as they looked at one of Dean’s pieces. Meg’s eyes scanned the crowds, and she tugged on Castiel’s arm, clearly spotting someone she knew. Lady Antonia Bevell was talking with one of the people on the board of Edith’s gallery that Castiel recognised but didn’t know the name of. She broke off as she spotted Meg, with her usual flair for the dramatic. She pressed a hand to her heart, and gestured at the pair of them.
Castiel grinned at him, and got up from the rock, retrieving his socks and shoes and stowing them in the tent, pulling his t-shirt off. He saw Dean’s boxers in a pile with his jeans, and peeked out of the tent flap, trying to spot Dean. Was he skinny dipping? Did he want Castiel to do the same? He could feel the anxiety building, the nerves churning in his stomach. His fingers fumbled on the opening of his jeans, and he closed his eyes as he pushed them down, his underwear too. And before he could second guess himself, or overthink it, before he could feel self-conscious, he started running towards the pool and dived neatly, the cold of the water ending it abruptly. He flailed his way to the surface.
“No. This is me making the right decision.”
“Well,” Claire shifted closer. “I think you’ve got it pretty smart so far. And you shouldn’t have to disappear with Dean, I just have to deal with the idea that maybe I’m sex-repulsed.” She held up the book. “But I like getting to know you, I don’t want you to leave the house. And Dean’s family, right?”
'Fine. Since Faith and me left the orphanage, I've been looking for this place. And I realised we were near it about a month ago, so I faked a break down. You know Faith, she wouldn't even question it. And I was trying to come up with some excuse for going into the place, and this chick we saved from a shifter comes out right at the moment I needed her, so I pretended we wanted to use her hospitality,' Stevie snorted, and Dax ploughed on. 'And got in there. And the freaking Winchesters are using it like a house! It's my damn place and they've moved in, coming out with shit like they're legacies.' Dax began to raise his voice as the injustice of it all built up inside him and spewed out in a mass of hate. 'And they don't have a fucking clue! Oh, but Faith just loved them, straight away, especially when they convinced her that Dean was her dad. And she just ate that crap up. And then they decided I was the creep and chained me up in the freaking dungeon and Faith was just fine with it. She chose them over me.'
Claire nodded, escaping out to the room she normally studied in, spreading out her notebooks and clicking onto a lesson. Jack appeared a couple of minutes later with a milkshake each, and his own laptop. He passed one of the drinks with a smile and no words, then settled down to his own work.
“Um, I’m okay. Is Alex home? She hasn’t replied to my text.”
They stared at each other for a long moment, the way they used to do, and Dean slowly leaned back in his chair.
"Why did Beetlejuice freak Sam out?” Dean grinned. “The effects were good for what they had.”
“No.” Claire’s voice was clear, carrying across the room.
Chuck sighed, and placed a hand on each of her arms, just below the shoulder.
'I remember,' she whispered back. 'Daddy, I remember everything.'
“And he went with you.”
“What faults of mine did you notice?”
She nodded, and they fell quiet, listening to the rest of the group who were walking ahead of them. All except Junior, who was keeping pace with Sam, walking silently beside them, just letting them have their time together. It was one of Faith’s favourite things about Junior, that he wasn’t pushy to have all her time already. She guessed that he was only with them now in case Sam’s arms got tired, and then he would help her walk instead.
“Dork.” Meg smirked.
“Maybe I could watch? And then we could grab a drink and talk afterwards?”
“He’s too good for me.”
“Meg, stop.”
'And she told you that?' Dean grouched, still under the camper van.
Alex turned her head, and pressed a tear-soaked kiss onto Claire’s cheek.
Faith closed her eyes as her mother tiptoed across the floor.
'Faith,' she corrected him. 'Could I take you on?'
“Would you ever go public?”
“I wrote, every week. To both of you. I was looking for my letters to Amelia, so I could give you both them and her replies to me one day, and found all of these too.”
“Why is God punishing you?” Dean asked eventually, his voice cracking with strain.
“Well, isn’t he just the best?” Dax said sarcastically. She took a sip of her raspberry tea, watching him over the rim of her cup.
Castiel nodded, and waited until Balthazar was walking away to call one last thing at him.
They climbed into the limousine, and Castiel reached straight for the alcohol before sitting back in his seat, feeling looser now that they were alone in the car. “I could tell it came from a place of concern. They want you looked after and happy. You don’t have to provide evidence of your spending and future business plans to both your eldest brothers.”
It was crazy. She had been out with Alex for a few months and never felt like this. Even when she was most okay with kissing Alex, she had never had this nervous energy, this fluttering on her insides, this conflicting need to be with her every second but hating every moment. Did this mean she was most definitely straight? That maybe she wasn’t asexual? She could imagine having a conversation with her father about this where he would be reasonable about the way she felt, but if
“Cas, for real, are you going to try and make a hundred and forty people fit in here? And twelve trees, and a crap load of birds?”
“See you.”
“Hi,” Castiel’s cousin, Anna breathed, eyeing Dean ashamedly. “So, you’re Castiel’s Vegas guy?”
“Your mom must have been stunning.”
“Yeah, maybe.”
“If I had my way, I would have had you regularly the last six years, staying over at the weekends, some holidays. And you would have had more time to adjust to the idea of Dean in my life, and … yeah, I’d want to make a life with him.”
She found herself in a room with Sam, Mr Singer and two people she hadn’t met before. Mr Singer gestured for her to sit at a desk, but she remained standing near the wall, her arms crossed, her position defensive.
“And you’re wrong too. I don’t love synchronised robot dancing and yelling bad rhymes. I liked cheerleading because it was the first time in ages that I fit somewhere. But I fit somewhere better now.”
Alex slipped her arm through Claire’s.
A skin walker. Come on Dax, it's what we do! There's a lot of monsters out there that look human. You're lucky I can read who those people are.' She gestured for the keys, which he gave over grudgingly, and she opened up the camper van, climbing into the driver's seat. Dax climbed into the passenger side, and put a Coldplay CD on.
“I suppose miracles can happen.”
“I know what you said,” Alex carried on, keeping her voice low. “That it’s hard for you to be with someone, and I’m trying to get it. I am. But I need something too.”
“If you didn’t, I’d have a go. He looks delicious.”
'Where's Gabriel?' Dean asked, looking through their supplies for something to eat.
Faith refused to go back down to the basement. She needed time to think, before dealing with Dax again. To figure out what had happened to lead her to this point, where she had no idea whether she - like her father - had been manipulated into a situation for someone else's gain, or whether Dax was right, and she was so desperate to have her family alive and kicking and wanting her back that she was letting them use her.
“So, when I’m weird about you and my dad, it’s not about you and him.”
“Thanks, fake dad,” Claire whisper-shouted. They grinned at each other, and Castiel reached out for his daughter. She left the seat beside Chuck to tuck into her father’s arm, and tried to shut out the crowd. Dean patted her arm, and looked between Michael and Chuck.
Dean didn’t reply, and when Claire peered at him, his face had gone an interesting puce colour.
“You’re half an inch taller than Manny,” he whispered. “Your eyes are a tiny bit bluer. You always stand on the left, not the right. I saw you go to look to him and fight it, but he wasn’t the side he normally is. But none of that is how I knew it was you.”
Castiel paused, and risked a hand on Dean’s shoulder blade. Maybe his determination that Castiel go no further was linked to those graphic images that Balthazar had mentioned. Castiel really wanted to see them - what had Dean been imagining?
“That’s all?”
“Give it back!”
“What are your limits, Cas?” Dean whispered. Castiel shook his head, lost in the moment. And Dean let his hands wander further up Castiel’s legs, around to his ass. He slipped his thumb along the crack, listening to Castiel’s soft yelp, before finding the hole and easing his thumb in. It was hot, and clammy, but felt clean, and Dean let his thumb probe further in as he felt Castiel shudder around him. He tried to match the motion of Castiel’s strokes on himself with his thumb, going in and out at the same rate, careful not to add any more fingers, to keep Castiel just on the edge.
“Tammy-May at school said that’s a sin and you’ll burn in hellfire.”
“You were in a pretty happy bubble.” Dean moved the pillows aside and leaned over him. “I liked being in there with you.”
“No.”
“It’s okay.”
“It’s already got a lot of equipment you might need, Dad left it all there when he bought the island and had us all move in. We can convert it easily.”
“Your suit is fine.” He also offered.
“I take it that you’re upset with Mr Winchester wanting to talk with me?”
“What’s he thinking?” Sam asked, his hands full of his hair.
“I was off school yesterday. Claire just wanted to catch me up on a couple of things.” Alex said quietly. “I didn’t feel up to texting while I was off, so she was checking I was okay.”
“What?”
“Are you jealous?” Castiel gave a small smile, eyes still closed.
Dean gave him a small smile and headed over to the table, with no more questions. Like he trusted Castiel with his work. It was almost overwhelming, to have Dean’s faith like that, to have unlimited access to his work. To have been able to connect with him on this level alone. Even if he didn’t secure a date with the man, at least he’d had a good experience meeting him. Even if it wouldn’t appear that way to anyone else, the fact that Castiel had even had a conversation with him, had stood in close proximity to him and resisted direct contact … it was a huge success.
'Are you really my father?' She whispered.
Claire felt nauseated. Her principal had actually given her father his cell number right in front of her, and that was after all the eye sex. She stood up, letting her father know she was ready to go. He was folding Mr Winchester’s number up and securing it into his wallet.
Mary rubbed her temples.
“I’ll take my top off?”
Castiel shrugged. He could easily tell Michael that he had asked for discretion, but he was still wary about his brother’s motivations. It was easier not to tell him anything.
'I love it when you flirt with me, Dax,' Faith grinned back at him.
“Help?” Dean stuck in. Jack looked at him quizzically.
“Ahh, look, a romantic weekend in Paris! We could totally do that. You think they talk American out there?”
Castiel traded a glance with Emmanuel, trying to think back to his previous interactions with his in-laws. He was sure they had mentioned Emmanuel. How could he not discuss a huge part of himself? He only remembered that first moment he met Mary and Ben, after Sam brought him from the airport when Sam had joked that he’d picked up the wrong brother. Sam definitely knew and had spent time with Manny before, and possibly the youngest two kids were also aware. Emmanuel seemed to realize what Castiel was thinking, and offered up a sympathetic smile, as Castiel felt his stomach churning. He knew it was a bi-product of being so connected with Emmanuel, who must have felt overwhelmed with so many people around.
Castiel gazed at his daughter, as Dean shifted beside him.
'Yes, it's me. You're sober?'
“Hmmm? Oh, that wasn’t a problem.”
'No one's saying you're not good at what you do, Faith.' He said gently.
'Not judging!' She held up both hands.
“Well, then you’re shit out of luck with this cheerleader, aren’t you?”
“I told you I would bring her to see you. I have held up my end. But I’m still her father, I still get a say. Claire?”
Claire groaned and put her head in her hands. She spoke through her fingers.
“What’s going on with you and Dad?”
Dax and Faith had stopped at a small diner on an old back road for dinner on their way to Mississippi. Once again, Dax had ordered the most complicated-sounding food on the menu, despite Faith rolling her eyes and breaking down in layman's terms why brie on brioche was cheese on toast for douchebags. She was sinking her teeth into a bacon cheeseburger and cheese fries, savouring every bite, and Dax was trying not to openly wonder, again, how Faith maintained a decent physique when she ate her weight in red meat and carbs. She still narrowed her eyes at him as though she knew exactly what he was thinking.
Dean and the other soldiers eyed each other with dislike. He waited for them to agree with their captain, to leave, because he wasn’t going to be the first to back down. They didn’t either.
“Dad,”
“Don’t be. It’s not your fault.”
“Don’t be an asshole.” She scolded him.
‘Oh, I know, he’s the absolute love of your life. Mazel tov on the impending nuptials, by the way. I’m going to assume my invite only hasn’t happened because you thought I was dead?’
'I could try to access the memories, or give you mine. You were told many things Faith, and you made decisions even when you were very small, and it would be helpful if you could remember any of it.'
“This isn’t easy,” She breathed out.
“So let’s make this your best first date ever.”
“Does it have a name yet? I know Dean’s been asking.”
“I really don’t care.”
Castiel lay on the bed, breathing slowly, savouring what had just happened between himself and Dean. Maybe he was wrong, maybe their connection was fine and they had nothing to worry about.
“It never seems bad when you’re here,” Castiel admitted, before he could filter himself. Amara appeared before them, looking down at Dean with interest sparkling in her eyes. Castiel waited for her to sell him out.
“Daddy? Are you mad at Mom?”
'How long do you expect we have?'
He released into Dean, and flopped back against the bed, feeling Dean’s caress as he removed the condom and threw it away. A few moments later, Dean laid beside him, and he turned to look into those green eyes, though they appeared darker in the soft lighting. Castiel didn’t know what to say to him, feeling shy all of a sudden. He felt like he had jumped the man, and there was a sudden regret for the last few endless minutes. Dean merely gave a husky laugh.
Sam looked around the featureless surroundings.
Honestly? No. My brothers would perhaps tell you that I don’t do anything except overthink. It’s not very productive.
Castiel felt nauseated. They were around their dining table, dinner in front of them. Despite the pomp of the room, and the fact that they had employees attending to their every whim, the food was relatively understated. He still couldn’t bring himself to eat, not in the face of what Michael was saying to him.
Sam’s expression told her he didn’t believe her, but as he had no proof of what did happen, he didn’t accuse her of anything. Instead, he pulled his cell phone out of his pocket, and called for an ambulance, then called Dean and quickly let him know where Claire was. Castiel and Jack came running in a couple of minutes later, and Jack’s face falling was the worst moment about the whole thing.
'What are you, Jesus? Or worse, Dean and Sam?'
“Footsteps?” Castiel guessed.
“I worked it out when you were in hospital, and then something Ellen said she overhead confirmed it. I figured you had your reasons for not saying anything.”
'She won't be successful in attempts to remove the foetus. It will have angelic properties. You could kill hundreds of surgeons trying.'
Castiel’s eyebrows rose, and he looked around for his future in-laws, as Dean leaned his head back.
'That's kind of creepy, you know,' Junior informed her. Faith looked at him to roll her eyes.
“It’s nice, I can see why Jack likes it so much. But I do have my own apartment to go back to, my job too. But it’s been so nice to see my baby.” She accepted the salad bowl from Sam with one hand, and stroked Jack’s cheek with the back of her hand with the other. He grabbed his mother’s hand and pressed it closer. Claire concentrated even harder on buttering her roll.
“You and Manny always give each other your room keys, you think I’m not onto you two?”
Dean didn’t respond, but watched the scene in front of him. Though it was still dark, some godly magic made it easier for Dean to discern what was happening. He recognised the camp, saw himself and Castiel standing to take their watch. Them standing still, listening intently, Dean scrutinising the gloom as Castiel made furtive glances his way. Them talking, Dean tapping the rhythm he heard onto the small part of Castiel’s skin not covered with armour. The horror and realisation taking over as they realised the ambush, the desperate cries, and Dean running headlong into the fray.
“I didn’t think Turner was LGBT.”
“Can we not do this? I don’t want to picture it,” Sam sounded irritated.
Claire was trying to laugh off the way her father’s boyfriend could be, but it only added to the tension she could feel growing between the two of them.
The only thing she could grasp onto was that there had been another presence in her life, for almost as long as Dax had been there. The only other person that she might be able to trust. The first person to promise to help her, no questions asked. She could feel the decision brewing, but for once she felt like listening to everyone else. Something in her gut told her to hold back.
“I appreciate you making all this effort for me Dean, but I can’t do it. I can’t. Everyone always wants to know all my business, and the truth is,” Oh no, Castiel could feel a panic attack coming, could hear the hysteria in his voice. He tried to do his breathing, to focus on the glass in his hand. “The truth is, I’m just not like the rest of my family. I’m not some business whizz kid like Michael, or a smooth talker like Luke. I don’t like partying like Gabe and Balth. I’m the failure Novak.”
It still felt surreal, that he had a husband. That he had married a stranger three days ago and changed his life so entirely. And yet … it didn’t feel right, living without Castiel. Which brought him back to wanting to be off the plane.
“Couldn’t have done that for Charlie though, huh?”
“Hey, show me around my new home.”
“I do, but I also have a teenage daughter who I worry about.” He kissed her again, hugging her tightly, and it was all Claire could do to keep her arms locked on the album, rather than cuddling into her daddy like he never left. “One day, Claire, I hope you’ll let me in.”
“Um, he’s okay. I don’t think he was really eating right before I came back so he’s been relearning a lot of stuff. It’s edible.”
The first thing Castiel did was to make more of an effort to talk to his brothers. There was no way he’d be able to talk to Dean again without practicing, and he was realising that he had been unfair to every single one of his brothers. Really, they had a lot of admirable qualities. Like Balthazar was enthusiastic about so many people he knew, and never had a bad word to say about them, so long as he liked them anyway. Gabriel was a lot of fun, but also had a good head on his shoulders. And Michael had borne a lot of stress that he’d refused to let filter down to the rest of the family. As strained as Castiel felt with his limitations, he was starting to become aware of how much his eldest brother had been protecting him, trying to help him. Even asking after Dean had just been Michael trying to take on the parental role. Castiel found himself sticking to Michael’s side for the rest of the vacation, asking questions about the businesses and Michael’s interests and Amara. If Michael was unsure of his motivations he didn’t voice them, but made the effort as well.
“Right, so, this is Chuck, Cas’ dad, Gabriel his older brother and Manny, his twin. Guys, this is my mom, Adam, Alfie, Mary, Claire, Charlie, Eileen, Sam, and Ben. My brothers and sisters, and brother’s girlfriend. I don’t expect you guys to remember that.”
“I think if I pointed out to Sam that Dean’s only home maybe one or two nights a week, he’d panic.”
'Yep. Only, it affected people around him, for a few miles. We had to talk fast to get him to trust us, but he was a good kid. Despite having a demonic father, I mean.'
“You have three people coming to the game today. Dean Winchester and his brother and sister. Could you please give them the President’s box? And lay out some food and drink for them. Balthazar knows my accountant to bill for it.”
“And Dea- Mr Winchester told me that he gave you that pass. You should use it. We’re all here to help.” He rested on the desk again, looking at her with puppy dog eyes. “I heard about the trouble you had in your last school, and all the things that happened with your family. You’re not alone, Claire.”
Dean wanted to be grateful. There were half-naked women, there was booze … but Castiel was trying to stick to the song. Wasn’t it weird that Castiel would consider they were each other’s true love and yet he didn’t mind taking Dean to a strip club?
Castiel let Meg’s curls back down, and then crossed the room, rifling in his drawers.
Gabriel nodded, and gave Faith a reassuring smile.
Becky made an insulted noise but did as Alex told her. Alex watched her leave and raised her eyebrows at Claire.
“I don’t know. It’s been the five of us for so long, and even then we’re greatly disjointed. Maybe it would be good if they came back, but it could just complicate everything as well. I’m surprised you don’t know what happened.”
“That means a lot,” he grinned. “Dean and I will be fine. But perhaps we should continue dating on our own for a while.”
“Sure. See you in a while.” She hung up. “Come on.”
That was what Dean was apologising for? Maybe he wasn’t a pawn of Michael’s, maybe he was just trying to make Castiel happy. It was all so confusing. They should have spent more time together before doing this, before meeting Castiel’s family. But he could understand why Dean hadn’t done it. Balthazar and Gabriel were a shock to the system even for people who knew them well.
“You weren’t,” Castiel said quietly. “I thought maybe your drink was spiked, but I didn’t want to say anything if it wasn’t true. It’s been confirmed recently though. I’m sorry, Dean.”
“He’s actually doing it,” Claire looked at her father’s back. “He’s actually trying to parent me.”
A light switch went in Castiel’s head. Meg could often be dour when all she wanted was something baked or fried or covered in chocolate, clearly Dean was the same.
“Hey, uh, everything okay?”
“I choose him too. I’ll take the oath right now. Choose someone else.”
“I know. But I think Dad’s missed him way too much to care about that.”
“I cared about Jack.”
Kevin laughed down the phone.
“I thought you understood-”
'Trust me, Princess. You did good.'
“You said we could have a book,” the little girl whispered, looking up dolefully at Alex.
“That’s why Dean stayed here?”
“Not when he stopped me from arguing with that person, no.”
Eventually, his breathing returned to normal, and Kevin looked at him through the rear view mirror.
“But there has been no sign of Sam or Gabriel in the last week, and when their neighbours went to look, they saw that the homestead was empty, and untouched. They have run off together, to continue their affair.”
They stood up and dusted themselves off, before sharing a smile and following the janitor.
“Yeah, dork?”
“That’s quite the life the motorcycle has had.”
'This looks like some cheesy teen movie. She might as well have just removed her glasses and discovered she wasn't an ugly duckling, she was a beautiful swan after all.' Sam muttered.
He looked away and carried on studying. Claire went to roll over and felt a tug in her arm. She was unable to prevent the groan of pain that came from it. Jack put his studying on the floor and jumped up to help her.
'Oh, I'm freaking out. I'm freaking out about all of this. I think I'm in shock.'
“I’ll go grab some popcorn, you get comfortable,” she said, heading out into the living room. She stopped walking just outside her bedroom door. She could see Castiel and Dean kissing furiously in the kitchen. Her father had her principal pinned up against the refrigerator, his legs wrapped around her father’s waist. Castiel was practically devouring Dean, and he didn’t look like he hated it one bit. He didn’t sound like it either, the way he was moaning her father’s name. Was everyone horny?
“I sure am Bear. Are you?”
“Thank you.”
“I won’t be your dad, I know that. But I’m going to try my best to be the second best option. If you need anything, I’m here. I’ll be the best stepdad ever.”
'Like, everything? The moon is made of cheese, that sort of thing?' Dax grinned.
'Can I touch them? I'll be careful, I just … how many people get to touch angel wings?'
“What on earth is going on? Why did I have to just dismiss seven people from our house?”
Faith's hand hovered just in front of Dax's face as she processed what he'd said. Dean was right, Dax knew how to block her, and that just added to her level of confusion.
“Yeah. I went to see Sam first, and I just got back. All the kids are out and Mom’s in the kitchen with Mary’s teacher.”
“Why didn’t you tell us you had a twin?!”
“Could you tell? Hey, how’re you feeling after last night?”
There was a brief period of silence between the three of them.
Castiel knew he was talking about himself. It was a strange way to view it, but then maybe Dean understood how to play the game better than Castiel had ever tried to. And he wished he had phrased it that way before. Castiel had a tonne of local art, he could claim that was his portfolio, if anyone asked in future. If he had the nerve to answer. He could hear the guy pressing for more information, and Dean answering, but he wasn’t paying any attention until they were freed of the conversation, and Castiel could pull Dean out into the fresh air. They walked together towards the first green, still clasping hands. Dean seemed to be walking closer to him, their steps matching each other.
“Thanks, Jack.”
In the morning, Castiel woke to the press of Dean’s lips in his hair, the squeeze of his arms around Castiel’s torso. They spent a few countless lazy minutes kissing, exploring each others bodies with their hands once again. Eventually, Dean rolled away from him, stroking his hair fondly.
“Is that the only reason you chose me?” Castiel teased him gently. “You thought I would be good at sex?”
The adults carried on talking, leaving Claire and Alex in the kitchen.
There was a ringing silence through the bunker, and Castiel concentrated once more on his bottle of beer.
"Like werewolf karma," Junior grinned. "Luckily, I had a half-angel watching over me."
Sam fought the urge to smirk.
“No. Gross, never!”
'Least of my worries.' Faith grumbled.
“You’re so old.”
"What's going on?" Becky interrupted. Sam told her as quickly as he could, and turned back to Castiel before Becky could ask questions of her own.
He was sorry. Sorry he didn’t realise what the statue must have meant. Sorry he offered the money. Sorry that they had sex, because that was the marker for where all this began to go wrong. Sorry that Dean wasn’t texting back, that they couldn’t make it work. Sorry that he couldn’t make it right.
This was ridiculous, Dean’s mood, the constant demand to know what Castiel was thinking, the fact he could no longer just read it from Castiel’s expression like they had been able to do since they
“Right. That’s so Gabriel.”
“Sam’s still alive, isn’t he?” John asked immediately.
“I’m just glad Dean won’t be whispering into his phone every night, it’s hard to get to sleep with that noise going on.” Adam grouched. “Looking forward to having a room to myself finally.”
“I think I understand Michael a lot more. Without our parents, he feels a lot of strain. He’s running their businesses, searching for them, and looking out for the rest of us. As much pressure I felt from him, he feels it worse. I’m going to take it all more seriously from now on. He’s training me up on a couple of our businesses, I’ll take over as CEO soon.”
'Okay, I get it, family moments. I'm going to show Dax the books the Men of Letters kept, he's really interested in what they used to study. Charlie's looking into the main computer, she keeps talking about updating it or simulating Skyrim or something in the bunker. I'm hoping it's just for Dax's amusement, but well, just a heads up incase some kind of anime samurai walks through the door.'
“I was intimidated. I couldn’t think of a reason to talk to you, didn’t want to be the kind of fan you would be polite to but ultimately pass off.”
Dean grinned, and popped a grape in his mouth.
“Don’t be long,” Castiel said softly.
She turned her head and looked at her father, seeing his gentle, encouraging smile. She took his hand and he gave her fingers a small squeeze. She answered him.
Dean shifted in his seat beside Claire, but when she looked at him, he was just inching closer to Castiel, watching his brother with a glint in his eyes and no real expression on his face.
“Stevie’s still alive!” She panicked, as her contraction finally eased off.
She nodded, and pursed her lips tighter, looking upwards.
“Thank you.” Castiel felt even more awkward. How did you react to that statement?
“I’m rather tired, Meg. It’s been a long day with a lot of people. I would like to sleep.”
'Mom says humans aren't allowed to know anything. You already know too much.'
“Touché. So, you never did it with Meg?”
“Why are you encouraging him? Encouraging this?” Lucifer sneered. “You know how this is going to end up. The same way it always does with Castiel.”
“He awakens!” She smirked when she saw him blink.
Jack happily followed her into a booth. Eileen wasn’t working, but there was a woman who looked so much like Kaia that Claire knew it was her friend’s aunt. She gave them menus and a sweet smile before walking away, and Jack started studying the menu seriously.
Dean’s expression was morphing into something close to sympathy, so Claire looked away before it could really register. She didn’t want to be pitied.
'Like hell you do! Have you had any kids, Gabe? No, you're an angel, you're like a Ken doll-'
He had no idea who Castiel was. But he still wasn’t saying no. That had to account for something. Castiel leaned closer, touching the sculpture as he did so.
'I'm sorry, Faith, it's not every day you seek out a vampire coven and slaughter them like it was nothing. Vampires, Faith! We could have been bitten, we could have been like, Cullened!'
'She's half right.' Dean smiled. 'Are we all going to fit in the car?'
“I did.” Alex spoke eventually. “Kiss you. I mean. But you didn’t seem to do anything and then next thing I know, you’re handing me Devon’s number. I thought I was taking the hint by going out with him. I um, I’ve liked you since we met, Claire. But you know what it’s like, coming out in high school. Apparently it’s easier than it used to be but it doesn’t feel that easy.”
“The rings? They’re not obtrusive, are they?”
'But isn't that something you carry inside all the time? That's what my dad does.'
'Don't call him Dad. His name is Dean.'
'I wish Mom was here.'
Alex was fully crying again, her body heaving with sobs, and all Claire could do was pull her closer, letting her cry into her shirt as she held her firmly.
“Well, you do seem like a big kid yourself,” Claire teased him. He merely grinned his wide, innocent smile, his eyes lit up.
'A lot. I feel like you resent me because Faith went missing.'
“What does Emmanuel say about this?”
“You need a drink?” He asked, and looked around for the bar. Castiel felt the heat rush to his face. They had just had a moment, hadn’t they? Dean was looking at his mouth, he still had his hand on Castiel’s lower back. He wanted to tell his siblings they were each other’s boyfriend. There had to be something on Dean’s end. He let Dean guide him to the bar, and they ordered drinks, still standing close together. “How you doing?”
'It will be okay, Faith.' He tried to mimick Dean's normal gentle tones. She let go of Dax to grip her mother tightly.
They spent a long time discussing Dean as well, and what Castiel could do to make amends, and how everything had unravelled in the first place. Sometimes, this was in front of Gabriel and Balthazar, though it wasn’t always helpful.
He led the way through the property, Kevin following close behind. Castiel hoped that, somehow, he had found a friend in Kevin, as well as an employee.
"Heard that," Garth called from the other side of the clearing.
“So … what was your last erastes like?”
“There’s a lock on the back door of the bookstore, and a lock on the stairs, and a lock on the apartment. Dad normally leaves the store door open while the book store’s open but that’s it. And Sioux Falls isn’t exactly a hotbed of crime.”
Claire rested her head against Alex’s shoulder.
She nodded, and let him press another kiss to her forehead before he left the room, and nearly ran straight into Castiel's arms.
'DNA probably wouldn't work, with the Grace in effect and everything. There are ways we can know. Finding spells, Cas managing to get the wings out, her eyes were a dead giveaway too.'
“Bring your a-game, old man. No dodgy knees or thrown backs getting you out of a butt whooping.”
Even Dean’s eyes looked glassy by the time Castiel finished speaking, and Claire was wiping away her own tears, trying to dab them so she wouldn’t ruin her make up. The officiant gave everyone a moment to collect themselves.
'That's what he said.' Faith quipped.
'And Dean?'
At dinner that night, Castiel brought up the subject. Claire was finding it hard to eat around her nose guard, and Dean had barely looked up from his plate since the meal was served.
Technically, they were still together. Technically, they were still going to make good on their promise to one another. Technically, they considered themselves a couple. But it had been nearly eight months since Castiel had last visited the bunker, and even then the visit was too brief though at the time, it seemed to drag. There were too many reminders, too much between them. Castiel had clearly decided Dean was too drunk to function on a rational level, and instead had spent the entire hour he was there holding Dean's limp hand in his half-conscious state and talked with Sam over the book Sam was developing, and how he could put into order the sections within it. Dean had barely managed to keep his eyes open, and it was at the hour mark that he'd finally succumbed to his drunken doze. He'd woken up, hours later, with a mouth that tasted like vomit, and Sam's voice jarring in his head as Dean was informed that Castiel had left not long after he began snoring.
Castiel looked at Claire in confusion at that moment.
Claire stabbed at the remains of her dinner with her fork, pushing it around on her plate.
“I know.”
“I can be serious.”
“No,” Castiel shook his head. “Do you wish to see what happened? I could explain it, but I think you would trust the scrying pool more than me right now.”
“It will happen, Dean. And hopefully it will happen soon. But you have a lot of responsibility and I have ties here. Who gives up their life? Do we both do it? I know we jumped into this, but we don’t have to rush everything.”
“Truck drivers do have that reputation,” Castiel murmured.
“You’re loving this, aren’t you?” He said as he grabbed the swing. She flashed him a grin.
“Not trying to do that.” Dean gave a charming smile, and pushed Castiel’s wet hair out of the way. “Just showing my husband how much he means to me.”
“It looks like you’re going to a funeral. So yes.”
'You're feeling better?' Dean asked.
“Yeah. Like, now I know I definitely kissed you.”
Castiel felt a weight in his stomach, as he followed Meg along to the next store.
The blonde woman looked up from the computer and looked at the screen intently.
“He asked where his ring was. Said he wanted a summer wedding.” Claire watched as Alex’s jaw dropped, and carried on. “Right? And Dad just rolled with it. So Dean is going to be my actual stepdad.”
Castiel didn’t relax on the log beside him.
“I still don’t understand why it had to be you, getting rid of these antichrist girls. Why it’s your punishment.”
'How did you-'
'It'll be okay, Faith,' Dean promised, kissing her hair.
“I don’t know.” She said quietly. “This is where you came back in my life.”
Claire smiled despite herself.
“Castiel, since you met that artist, your attitude has been abhorrent-”
“Why am I here?” Dean blurted. Aristaeus looked to Dionysus, who shrugged carelessly.
'God, I hope there's no naked ones then,' Faith groaned. Dean's bad mood broke as he smirked.
'So, where're we driving?' Dax asked, manoeuvring the van back into the small town.
And the car, the beloved Impala that had appeared in Dean’s article, that had towed the statue of his mother to the Novak’s estate? It was as well cared for inside as it was outside. The leather upholstery looked as good as new, the dashboard looked like it was well preserved. This car had been given a lot of love and attention. It purred under Dean’s control, like it loved the driver as much as he loved it. But like his artwork, Dean didn’t talk endlessly about his car, his love for it was evident in the way he had kept it pristine, the looks he gave it as they climbed in, the way he seemed to become part of the car. Dean did indeed love fast and hard.
“Hello, Dean’s type!” The girl flapped her hand in a big wave. Dean gave her a big smile, as Castiel laughed, realizing this was the little girl who got chased out of her room by her older sister. Dean walked through into a large kitchen, where a blonde woman worked over the kitchen table, slowly typing on a laptop, Charlie leaning over her shoulder at the same time.
“You know what, Luke? Maybe you should stop focusing on my boyfriend and start giving your wife more attention before she sleeps with yet another waiter.”
“I like Charlie,” Michael interrupted. “She helped me figure out a lot of what’s gone on with Luke. She’s very bright.”
“But I know it’s right.”
They stood in silence for a few moments, just looking at the statue.
Castiel’s world felt upside down. Michael and Gabriel were talking amongst themselves, he was flat broke, Meg was filing for a divorce … he wouldn’t have been surprised if at that point, Balthazar brought a girl into the room and announced he was settling down, and his girl was a vegan tee-totaller who collected cats. It didn’t happen, but what did happen was equally as surprising. Michael pulled him into a tight hug.
“Claire, you’re a nice girl, and you have made my daughter very happy. But you can’t help right now, okay?”
Great, Claire felt invisible. And Castiel was doing that thing again, the one where he would look at her and not show what he was thinking. It was irritating, almost as irritating as the way Alex was sucking up to him.
“I couldn’t turn them away. You wouldn’t have turned them away either.”
I have to go. Family affairs. I look forward to talking with you soon.
“Of course I am. He’s a nice guy.”
He caught sight of him a few more times, and most of the time he hid before he was seen, listening intently for any sign of the relationship between Dean and Benny. He wanted to know where they stood, to know what he should do. As if he had a game plan for any kind of eventuality. Every sighting made his breath catch in his throat. Dean was gorgeous, in any light. There was no way he was single.
'Hey Faith, we finally meet in person. It's crazy that you're Dean's kid!' The gangly one said, folding his arms behind his head. 'First time you met her, Junior, she levitated you.'
“No, no, just,” Dean’s voice sounded strained. He cleared his throat, and changed tack. “Um, so you don’t like the boasting?”
“Cas, did you have any clue about what you were ordering?”
'You're telling me it's messed up! I should gank the lot of you, right now!'
The bedsprings stopped, and there were some thumps before Dean’s mother appeared on the landing with her hair awry. She knotted a bathrobe around her waist and hurried halfway down the stairs.
“Th-thanks.” Dean still looked how Castiel felt, completely thrown by John’s good humour, but he rallied quickly. “We’re going to see Sam and Becky now, actually. But I wanted to let you know first.”
Castiel’s heart leaped. Kevin was probably trying to be respectful, but the idea that Dean liked him made his veins heat up. Even if it were just platonic on Dean’s side. Kevin gave him a coy smile.
'She's crazy! Do you remember Nantucket?'
Dean frowned, not understanding why he was being given this story. What did it have to do with the battle, with Thebes, with Castiel? He wanted to ask, but Aristaeus ploughed on.
“So, Cas and I can stay in the spare bedroom, and we’ll look after you the whole time. We can plan our wedding from here.”
Dax had swallowed some of his pride when Sam was in the room with him.
“Parents in a car accident. They’re alive, just battered up. They’re trying to find their aunt to come look after them until they’re well enough to come out of hospital.”
“Want chicken for lunch?” Dean eyed the birds on the floor.
“Yes. It’s something we discussed. As much as it’s a new relationship, I want to give you some respect, Claire. I know you don’t think I’m capable of that, that you think the worst of me, but I promise you, I’m trying. That’s why I want the day together. You clearly have a lot going on and even if you don’t trust me, or forgive me, I want you to know it doesn’t matter. This is your home now, and I’m your father and I want you to at least be comfortable here until you graduate and go to college.”
Gabriel nodded, and quirked a smile.
A month into their marriage, Castiel received a phone call from his accountant. He had been expecting it because he might have found a reasonable property and had asked to investigate it, but he was surprised by the urgency in tone. He went to the office, and was admitted to the room straight away.
Claire did as she was told, though her grandfather didn’t. Dean took it in his stride and took most of the old lady’s weight, carrying her to the sofa and laying her down and then looking for something to help revive her. Claire grabbed a blanket, but found her way back blocked by her grandfather.
“Well, he just tried it.”
“Alfie would love fishing. Adam might even enjoy it too. And fresh Maine lobster,” she smiled dreamily. “It would be nice to see your house and stay up there a few days.”
“Claire?” Sam interrupted her internal dialogue, his voice hesitant. “Why did you ask about me and my brother in the diner?”
“No other lovers matter,” Castiel rested his head onto Dean’s chest. Dean waited for something more, some big confession of Castiel’s, but none came.
He followed her as she sniffed out the werewolves, and when she stopped walking, pausing in a bush under a low-hanging tree, he ran into her. Dax rubbed his chest as she elbowed his side, and then pressed a finger to her lips. They watched the two men talking, laughing over a campfire. One was older, gangly and awkward-looking, and the other was around their age, with model-like good looks. Stevie licked her lips.
I'm being very mean, I know, but there was so much going on with Castiel and somehow it's even longer than Dean's version. And I still feel like I've rushed through everything. Sorry if Cas is being totally frustrating and dense. He'll get there ;)
If he still wanted it? Did Dean really think his feelings flipped that quickly?
“If you say so.”
“Like this, Faith. Like, you’re my world, and I don’t like you asking this stuff, but I know you need it. Doesn’t mean I don’t love you, and you don’t love me.”
“That wasn’t the first time.” Dean shook his head. “And I’m only telling you because I think you deserve to know how Cas is thinking. That was the second time I met him.”
“Uh, yeah. Hi.”
'But you're doing good with it. You took to flying okay, and you believed us pretty quickly.'
I – what? How did we go from Cas’ happiness to my self esteem? Unless … so many people have told me, so many times. Always throwaway comments, or designed to get under my skin. But I get the feeling Cas is telling me something very different right now. Something I really need to listen to. But he’s right, I’m broken, and angry, and I have no say in any of my life, and I’m just doing what I can with what I have and it’s never enough. Never.
“Uh, sure,” Claire shrugged, and followed him out of the door, Jody waving them off. Dean opened the passenger door for her and she slid into his car, dumping her books onto the floor and looking around.
“Sam does, or you do?”
'You ever wonder who nominated that douchebag for the Men of Letters? His mentor?'
'I don't want to. I've got a bad feeling about that place.'
Dean didn’t argue.
For the majority of the time, Castiel ignored it, and kept returning to the night before, to the way Dean felt in his arms, the things they had said to each other. He kept checking his phone, but there were no new messages. He wasn’t too worried, because he knew Dean was busy making sculptures, knew that he got absorbed in his work and didn’t always keep track of the world when he did so. But he missed him already, and couldn’t help sending off more messages.
This time, Claire traded a look with Dean, trying to remember when she would ever have discussed underwear with him. He shrugged back.
So many distant aunts and uncles were due to come, and Claire didn’t remember any of them even as they mentioned how she had grown up on seeing her. Dean’s side of the family had fewer official members, but many more adoptive family members, meaning that there was a lot of laughter and introductions and stories about how they were entwined. Claire heard snatches and snippets as she went around doing her duties, trying to make her father proud.
Then Castiel disappeared, for longer than he had before. He normally only left for mere hours at a time, but this time, it was days. Dean only noticed with the passing of the sun, the movement of the bees that Castiel had taught him. Eventually he looked into the scrying pool, trying to find Castiel, but he couldn’t see a thing. Defeated, lonely, and full of grief, he fell onto the cushions inside the pavilion, and laid there, waiting for the oppressive crush of time to destroy him utterly.
“Home game?” Claire checked.
“I had a couple of eye witnesses, and cameras in the hallways after some locker thefts last year. I watched the tapes yesterday with Ellen and the governors who came in for my hearing, we discussed our options then.” He raised his fork a little more, and then paused again. “You being homeschooled might be a good thing.”
Castiel nodded, and they walked back to the campsite together.
“I’m fine, Dean. More than fine. Look at all these people, just celebrating love in all its forms,” Castiel gestured to the pool. “I’m in awe of the passions people show today.”
“I thought you were just trying to hurt us, when you said you had a … you know.”
“How did that happen, anyway?”
“I know how you see yourself, Dean. You see yourself the same way our enemies see you. You’re destructive, and you’re angry, and you’re broken, you’re your daddy’s blunt instrument.”
“He paid you?” Charlie asked her brother. That at least confirmed how little Dean had told his siblings about this whole thing. It was like Dean was a complete stranger to him at this point.
It became apparent quickly that Olympus was having an affect on Dean. While Sam filled out, grew a beard almost as long as his hair, and his face became more weathered, while Gabriel started to get silver threads through his hair and a dull hue to his skin, Dean didn’t age a day past twenty-five, the age he had been when the Macedonians had successfully slaughtered the army. His skin was beginning to glow softly like Castiel’s did when they were visiting Gabriel’s island.
“You’re the most caring man on Earth.”
Donna’s face flamed bright red, and Jody carefully put a coffee mug in front of Dean, her deliberate movements showing how drunk she really was.
“You are. And I know that’s half the reason Dean worries so much about you. He thinks we’re cursed, he never wanted to pass that on to his kids.”
“Uh-huh.” Dean grunted.
Dean frog-marched her to the exit, where the catcalls followed them. Dean returned the clubs and his ball, and handed over ten dollars for the one Claire had lost into the water, and then he made her get in his car. They rode in silence as Dean drove over to Eileen’s cafe. Claire refused to speak as they went inside and Dean handed her a menu. He leaned across the formica towards her.
“It totally did,” Charlie was back to the enthusiastic woman Castiel had met originally. He still wasn’t sure what to make of Dean’s sister, as she dunked a stick of celery into a jar of peanut butter then ate it. “Sam thought Dean was doing something illegal. Got to admit, I wondered too. I mean, you bought his statue when he’d only built her up to her waist. Could have been a dealer.” She thought for a moment, before clarifying. “A drug dealer, not an art one.”
“You looked so grown up up there too. I know Uncle Cas is so proud of you.”
'Who's this Sam guy?'
Gabriel didn't answer Junior, he merely folded his arms and squinted out of the window.
“You look great.” Alex offered.
She managed to drift off again, but catnapped throughout the night. Nothing that led to dreams, nothing that gave her more rest. She heard her father and Dean getting up, the shower running, their low voices down the hallway, footsteps going down to the kitchen. She listened hard for Jack’s movements, and after a while when they didn’t come, she crept out of the room, grabbing a shower for herself, and then slipping downstairs for the kitchen. She grabbed a bowl of cereal and headed into the study to start her online learning, headphones on so she didn’t have to have a conversation with her cousin and betray herself.
“And that’s Dadspeak for ‘yes I want to have that too, Dean, but do you have to be so inappropriate in front of my teenage daughter?’ just to clear that up for you, Claire.”
“We’ll be there soon.”
“There’s some threat from King Philip. I overheard the generals saying that Athens wants to team up and take on the Macedonians.”
“Everything okay, Claire?”
“Yeah. I am too, I think. I um, I kind of became an angel.” Dean sounded sheepish. John let go of him and looked at him seriously, his eyes flickering up and down, back and forth as he surveyed his eldest son.
“I meant about you. Dean and I were happy to leave you with Jack, but we’ve noticed you seem a little distant with him later? It’s been better today, but I’m still worried what could happen while we’re not there. I’ve been wondering if, maybe, it might be a good idea to send you to your grandparents instead. You can distance learn there, and then maybe things will be better between you and Jack when you come home?”
“So you were going to go on letting me think we had her by accident? Would you’ve bothered to tell me if God wasn’t punishing you? If I had done that to you, Cas, or to her-”
“She was a wonderful person. I’m glad I got to meet her, if only for a short while.”
Dean’s mother looked unconvinced.
Somehow they had survived Mary’s questions about anal sex, and managed to null the topic. One by one, they had all fallen asleep. And when they woke up, they all had breakfast together, Dean and Sam helping Mary senior to organize all the cereals and pancakes and food fads that cropped up.
“A stud like you?” Donna scoffed. Dean grinned good-naturedly.
It didn’t make Claire feel any less nauseated. Everything Castiel had said had been true, her mother had kept them apart. And Amelia had lied. She had been so horrible to Castiel when she moved in with him, not understanding just what he’d put up with, what he’d tried to protect her from. She put the letters back in the box and wandered towards the store. She stopped when she heard voices and ducked into a small alcove.
Sam shot Dean a filthy look, and Castiel scooted closer to Becky, placing a hand over her stomach although he knew he wouldn’t feel any movement. But he could feel the tiny Winchester developing, growing every moment, becoming a real baby. Its soul was already there, new and ready to soak in the world, and Becky laughed under Castiel’s touch.
'Mmmm, I remember he wanted me for an exhibit in his house of crazy.'
'I'm sorry, Princess. Cas and me, we weren't trying to ignore you, but this is huge. This is … it was easier to focus on that stuff, okay?' He rubbed circles gently onto her back. 'Trust me, kid, if we could make it any easier, we would. If I could take it away,' Dean shook his head, running a hand over his face, his other hand still circling on her back. 'Faith, you're not going through this alone, okay? I'll talk to Dax, if you want. You know you're going to have to tell him, don't you?'
'Sam, how do you even know you're related to Faith? I mean, you're all fighting to call her by another name, you haven't done any DNA-'
“But that’s me, Claire. And I told you that whatever happened with Amelia, it was what I thought was meant to happen. Kissing her wasn’t unpleasant, it just wasn’t intoxicating like it is with Dean. With everything you said you learned about yourself through that book, is it really that surprising that you don’t enjoy it?”
“I’ll have some for lunch tomorrow, Claire, it’s fine. Thank you for cooking.” He came around the counter and gave her a hug. “Alex didn’t stay long tonight.”
“Alex, they were acting like me being friends with you was a cover for some big affair with Dean. I was annoyed at them. What goes on with you and me is nothing to do with that stuff.”
Over the course of the next week, Claire and Alex began to hang around Kaia and Patience more and more. Patience was an asset to the LGBT club idea that Kaia had had, and lunchtimes were often big debates on how to entice any kid who might consider themselves gay or non-binary. Claire slowly got used to the idea of the group, and thanks to Patience’s organisational skills she could even see it coming together. Kaia was artistic, it transpired, and showed them some of her doodles that she thought would be good for a group logo. But beyond the LGBT club, Claire felt like Kaia and Patience were becoming her friends, and she actually enjoyed spending time with them.
“Are you okay?” She asked softly. “Are you going to freak out on me?”
“So, good taste. You gonna let me in?”
“I am.” Dean nodded. Sam poked him again. “Sam, it’s okay. Castiel and I, we tried to raise the alarm, went to fight. But it wasn’t enough. Castiel had taken precautions, he had asked his fathers to take me out of harms way.”
'No, must've been Cassandra.'
Sorry for the delay in posting any more of this, I got completely sidetracked! I'm determined to get it done though, I have big plans for Dean's new powers ;)
'Oh, Faithcicles.' He sighed.
“Oh. That’s a shame.” Jack was still grinning. “My friends said you were unforgettable.”
“I guess I don’t remember the auction. I didn’t think I was that drunk.”
(See the end of the chapter for
They both stopped watching the movie, looking at each other instead. Those lust-filled gazes doing all the communicating, before they both leaned closer and kissed. Castiel’s hand crept over to Dean’s thigh, and she could almost see how much they were restraining themselves. They both wanted more. Claire had no idea why Dean had thought it was a good idea to come over when clearly if they had stuck to their original plan then they would be having sex and Claire would be ignorant of that fact.
“Well, I definitely exist. Maybe it was her way of coping?”
'Well, you were a great help there, thanks Cas,' Dean finally snapped. Sam and Gabriel looked between them, their own conversation obviously interrupted.
“You can’t catch it, Claire. But if you are, there’s no harm in it, like there’s no harm if you’re not.” He cupped her face in an echo of what Alex had done earlier, guiding her face around to make eye contact with him. “You’re fifteen. It’s okay not to have it figured out yet. I’m only just getting it figured out myself. And even if you have a boyfriend, or a girlfriend, or nothing at all, that doesn’t mean you’re set in stone.”
“She wasn’t, not around me.”
“Thanks, Becky. We’ll see you soon.”
“No.”
“I guess,” her mouth was moving as if on autopilot. It was so surreal. “I guess if you keep it down, it’s okay. If Dean gives me a ride in to school in the mornings?”
Dean smirked at the way Faith called God Grandpa, and shifted underneath her slightly, trying to stop his legs from going numb.
'I'm giving you food and a place to sleep tonight. I'm agreeing to look after a werewolf when I have children. You can answer me.'
“Why do you gots to share?”
“Yeah,” Claire nodded. “Look, I’m sorry about yesterday. I was just-”
They debated flavours until the waitress came back, taking their order and leaving a carafe of coffee on the table. Jack poured himself and Castiel a mug each, and they both sipped their coffee as Claire turned to watch people going by out of the window, half listening as her father and cousin started to discuss what they would be doing for the day. Castiel was dead set on the pottery painting, but after that, he wasn’t giving anything away.
Dean had been out in the garage for most of the morning, while Sam researched some more on Dax with Charlie, and Castiel planned to take on the antichrist children with Gabriel. He had decided to do something nice for Faith, to cheer her up after being told about her pregnancy, and her role in the world of angels. He knew a little something about how much it sucked to have them expect something from her.
“No.”
“I don’t mean my age. I mean me. Do you think that little of me?”
There was a knock on the door, and Claire went to answer it, finding Dean, Sam, Eileen, and Jack on the other side of the door.
There was a tinkle of the bell as the door to the store opened, and Claire heard them moving away to greet their customer. Claire counted to five and moved out of her alcove, and straight into Alex.
“Look, we’re just screwing. We’ll stop talking about that guy, okay?” She stroked Claire’s cheeks with her thumbs, and stepped closer to kiss her, just as Dean arrived in the apartment.
Claire rolled her eyes at Alex who was giving one of them a strong side-eyed glance.
As she was recalling her first birthday party, which Cassandra had gone over the top for, and Castiel had softly reminded her to act like all the other children her age, she became aware of the others in their camp, settling down in their bags for the night, Gabriel promising to keep watch, all three of them giving Faith and Dean as much privacy as they could in the tiny space they'd claimed for themselves and protected. Was anyone else aware of how monumental it was that her memories of Dean and Castiel were unlocked? That she could remember every happy greeting, every tearful farewell, and the ache inside as she waited for them to return? Or were they respecting the fact that Dean was crying into her hair still, gripping her tightly, fighting back the strangled howls that coarsed through his throat. It wasn't like the Dean they knew, Faith was aware of that, but the father she knew was kind and considerate; he would get this emotional over something or someone he cared about. She cuddled closer to him and eventually, he began to calm down, stroking her long brown hair.
Castiel cleared his throat nervously, and pressed the button that gave them privacy from Kevin. He felt ashamed just thinking of Kevin hearing that he was paying Dean for his time. It would be hard to explain, to make anyone else understand, just what Castiel would have given to have Dean.
“Mom?”
“So what’s your point?” Dean was relentless, and this time Castiel had no idea if it was the influence of the mark or not. He had always had a certain tenacity which had lent itself to him being one of the best Hunters, but then again, the mark’s influence …
“Do we have a deal?”
Eileen had driven her minivan to a restaurant a few miles away from school, a place a little more upmarket than the diner she worked on. They had all bundled out of the minivan and into the restaurant, and were talking excitedly - or signing quickly, in the case of Sam and Eileen - squished around a table that just about seated them all. Alex and Claire were sitting close together, sandwiched between Dean and Castiel on one side and Jodie on the other.
'Dad?'
“I don’t even remember my Mom. Or my dad. I was in a bad place when Jody found me, gave me a place to live. But Jody has been the best version of a mom I could ask for. Sometimes you have to go through total crap to get where you’re meant to go.”
“It was just a dream,” she tried to steady her breathing. “What time is it?”
“Did you get laid last night or something?”
"What if he attacks Sam again? I couldn't live with that, and he wouldn't live with that."
“He will live,” Castiel reassured him. “But perhaps if it were a sword fight, he would not have done so.”
They kissed for a few happy minutes, before Dean pulled Castiel over to the other bed, shucking off their clothes before sliding under the covers, both of them just in their boxers. They continued their kissing, resisting the urge to take it further when their daughter was in the bed next to theirs, and eventually Dean drifted off to sleep himself. Castiel gave him one last soft kiss to the temple, and turned his head to watch Faith as she slept, one arm curled around Dean, and he watched over them both through the night.
“I hope they find her soon.” Claire offered.
“Yes, when I can’t get out of it. We’ve known each other since we were tiny. She’s my best friend.”
“Fine. Come on, Manny.”
"It's a long story, Sam."
'Okay. Let me get dressed, and we'll go find Dad. I think he'll wanna be there too.'
“I don’t know. I have an appointment in a couple days and hopefully this thing will be off.”
“Better.”
'I think Dad was getting an angelic blowj-'
“Faith, Cas, come with me!” He seemed happier than either of them had ever known before, and pulled them through the masses of people until they stood before a pretty woman with blonde hair and kind eyes, and a rugged man who held her protectively. “Mom, Dad, this is Cas, and my daughter, Faith. Faith, Cas, this is my Mom and Dad.”
But Castiel was watching a woman on a pole, and Dean tried to relax. They weren’t together, not like that, and Cas understood him better than he did himself most of the time. So surely he could enjoy the women dancing, and still enjoy his bond with Castiel?
“Couldn’t we stay here? I mean,” Becky looked quickly at Castiel, before returning her attention to her husband. “When Dean comes home, isn’t it better if he gets used to how you look like to him now? I don’t want him to forget and threaten you every time we see him.”
'I was born into this life, Faith. It's something I am, not something I became. It's fate.'
“He’s accepting that it’s you, that’s a step forward,” Castiel pushed on, hoping he wasn’t making the younger Winchester angry. “There’s a lot more to him becoming an angel than he really considered. Than I even thought about.”
'Because Faith, my darling, you're about to live through a retelling.'
'The answer will entirely depend on your intentions, Siobhan.'
She folded her arms across her stomach, and lay there, loathing him. And loathing herself for how much she still cared about his opinion. The door creaked open in their silence, and someone shuffled in the room quietly.
Sam walked away, and Dean pulled Faith into a hug, trying not to put any pressure on her hand.
'I mean, Dean's my dad, Ben.'
Sammy? No, Sammy’s cool. Giant nerd, total puppy dog. He has these eyes man, they’ll win any argument. Guy makes me a total sucker.
“No.”
'Faith?' He whined. She rolled her eyes, and flicked back her hair, then took a running jump and caught him, easily ten feet in the air, bringing him down gently in the alleyway the fire escape let out on. She looked around the entrance to the alleyway, and then pulled Dax out with her as a particularly large crowd of tourists passed by.
Faith glared at her boyfriend from across the table.
“De … Mr Winchester, don’t you think suspension is punishment enough?” Castiel asked in that patient tone of his. “I know this is your school and Claire shouldn’t get special treatment but it seems to me sending her home for the rest of the day was her punishment and this just seems to be excessive.”
“Hey, Claire,” Dean turned to her. “You look amazing today.”
“Pretty well,” Castiel mused. “I think we’re almost sorted now.”
“I’m aware. But you will always,
He couldn’t have died, there was no river Styx, no boat and no one asking for payment for passage. But he had been in the middle of a battle at the same time, in the middle of the night, and now it felt like late morning, here in this strange grove. He completed his rotation, and stopped, his jaw dropping. He couldn’t be … it couldn’t be … what was going on?!
“So what she said about your yacht?”
“And it’s highly unlikely that you’re suddenly in love with Meg.”
“We get it, your ass is for Cas,” Gabriel rolled his eyes, and nudged his brother. “Besides Balth, it’s more fun to mess with Amara.”
“Sorry,” Dean breathed in his ear as they approached Kevin. “They want to know everything. All the time.”
“Charlie?” Castiel guessed hopefully.
'Yeah? Like what?'
Dean swigged his beer, and Castiel adjusted his ice pack.
“Great, she can finally see him. We’re doomed.” He muttered. Junior leaned forward and pecked her cheek, and she began to realise what was missing.
Sam led the way through the bunker, down into the basement and into the room that, unknown to Faith and Dax, had once held the King of Hell. The entire way, he kept a firm grip on the back of Dax's shirt, holding it so high that Dax walked awkwardly, his arms pulling up and his feet barely touching the floor as he was marched along. Dean followed close behind, biting his tongue over Sam's rough treatment of the gangly nineteen-year-old. Faith followed her father, unable to see the way Sam was manhandling her boyfriend, at least until they reached the room and Sam pushed him into the devil's trap.
“You won’t be,” the stranger chuckled, and took Castiel by the elbow, leading him away. “Maybe we don’t gamble anymore though. It’s great to win when drinking, but you keep going and next thing you know, you’ll wake up broke and with a hangover.”
“You should wear casual clothes more often. You look less stuffy.”
Everything was ready. The marquee was set up and decorated, the caterers were lined up, the cake had been made and delivered. Castiel had barely slept all night, yet it took all his energy to pull himself out of bed when the sunlight shone through his French windows. He watched from his balcony as people arrived and began working on the wedding, arranging chairs, setting out flowers last minute, talking amongst themselves as they brought Meg’s vision together.
“Something like that,” Dean eventually told her.
“Stick it in me, big boy,” Someone whispered from just outside the door. Castiel yelped, and threw himself down on the bed.
“Will you two shut up?” One soldier complained. “Take your watch already and let the rest of us sleep.”
“Kinda.”
“You live with your assistant?”
“Come on, Gabe. We’ll see them downstairs in half an hour.”
He grabbed Dean’s hand and threaded their way through the crowds with a coordination that belied his drunken state. Dean kept asking where they were going, but Castiel didn’t want to be slowed down in his pursuit of the right hotel.
Castiel had kept to his word and given Claire the privacy of the motel room when they got back. She suspected he was going to use the opportunity to have a long talk of his own with Dean, and she couldn’t fault him for it. She rested against the headboard of her bed and worked herself up to video chat. It wouldn’t have surprised her if Alex had left the call unanswered, but she picked up fairly quickly.
“I was going to ask you to make it up with her.”
“I know. You couldn’t remember it. I preferred that to ‘oh my goodness,
'God thinks you should be more of a dad.' She muttered it, hoping Gabriel didn't pick up on their conversation with his enhanced hearing.
They all watched the doorway, as John slowly walked into the room. He spared a small smile for Castiel, before his eyes locked onto Mary. She was staring back at him.
He had tried to occupy his time looking for a property of their own, somewhere away from his siblings and her father’s politics, somewhere they could have their own rooms, and Castiel could display his artwork. He spent more and more time at the gallery helping Edith, preparing for the next award that was due. This year’s crop didn’t have anything that leaped out at Castiel the way Dean’s had, but it was all passable. And it meant that Castiel spent so long debating each artist and their merits that he was exhausted when he came home.
That’s when he saw him. The awkward man in the corner, sitting on a chair and nursing a beer but looking very much out of place. The man with olive skin, dark hair, and his trench coat still on despite the heat from the sheer number of bodies around. The most beautiful man Dean had ever laid eyes on.
'Lycanthrope,' Junior corrected, playing with a beanie hat he had just pulled out of his own rucksack. 'It's okay. Mom and Dad are pretty strict about the whole not-killing-people thing, but it's fine. I don't think I could do that to another person, it's not their fault that I was born different.'
Junior was bound to mention it, to talk about how the kiss had occured. He was - God help her - going to talk about his feelings. Faith wasn't going to be able to cope with that, she wasn't even sure of her own.
“But I don’t want you in my home.” Claire mimicked her drawl. Alex didn’t seem perturbed.
Dean swallowed, and carried on watching as the high walls of his city were overrun, the good taken, the men killed and women kidnapped. And finally, Thebes was razed, left as no more than ruined rock littering the earth. Dean wiped a tear that betrayed his feelings, and Castiel placed a cautious hand on his shoulder.
“Faith? We’ve got to lose the pants. You can’t give birth in jeans.”
P.S Would love to know what you guys think of where this is going with Claire? Dean and Castiel were always end game!
“Even when he ran away with you?”
“Are you crying?” She whispered. Alex didn’t respond. “What was with that girl? Are the other cheerleaders giving you shit because I kissed you?”
“She was trying to be nice.”
“To the Novak-Winchesters,” Dean grinned.
Dean seemed resigned. Castiel felt an unexpected hurt, that Dean had been visiting Gabriel and getting his assistance and not discussing whatever this was with him.
“Cool. I’ll make Sam dress like a tree,” Gabriel grinned. Sam rolled his eyes, and looked down at his shirt and jeans. Originally they had been plain, the tee white and crisp, the jeans a royal blue with a contrasting tan stitch. Now they were bedecked by the same word, repeated over and over. PRIDE.
“Are you fighting?” Mary probed. “He’s right there. You should kiss him.”
Castiel nodded.
“Kieran, pick those up right now! I can’t afford all those books!”
Castiel looked him in the eye, noting again how bright Dean’s irises were. And despite all his concerns, just how little becoming an angel had actually changed him. Dean rolled his eyes.
Dean hadn’t been expecting that, clearly. He reared back for a moment, and then gathered himself.
“Here’s the golf course. Ugh.”
“I’m sorry. For everything.”
They weren’t invasive thoughts, were they? The contract was over, and Dean had no obligation to text him back. And clearly, he had no desire to. Castiel felt destroyed. He had really thought … you couldn’t fake those things, could you? The way Dean spoke in French to him, the way he kissed. How he always checked how Castiel was doing, the constant contact between them. Had he really done it all with dollar signs in his eyes? It didn’t seem like Dean, did it? But then, Dean had been grumpy with him until he had offered the money. He had only agreed to the dates … once Castiel admitted who he was.
Claire didn’t answer. She hadn’t given them her blessing, she just hadn’t banned them from texting. A date was something else. But Castiel seemed completely oblivious as he talked to another customer and whistled happily in between. He was unbearable in his happiness and Claire didn’t get why he didn’t see why it hurt so much. She felt like a huge inconvenience to him, not for the first time, and wondered why he didn’t just leave her to suffer in the system after Amelia died. He could have carried on pretending he didn’t have a daughter, screwed the principal without her embarrassment and hired someone else to guard the books. Claire had no idea why he didn’t.
“Where’s Grace?” Faith asked as Chuck paused in his speech. He peered around her parents, to where she was still sprawled on the floor. She decided that, on the whole, she liked this man she had never met, who seemed to know her uncle, although she had no idea what he was even doing with them right now.
“You never explained about the Men of Letters, or that potion you made.” She tried. He rolled his eyes.
“Cas’ll come get you when they need you, okay?”
“Okay?”
“Not as well as your date.”
“I think she broke up with me.” Claire looked out of the window at the town rolling by.
“It’ll be fine dad,” Gabriel waved a spatula dismissively. “You said you wanted the steaks well done.”
“And?”
'Mom? Is everything going to be okay?'
Jack’s happy-go-lucky facade slipped.
'If we're really family, you'll stop excluding me.' He looked Dean up and down. 'And don't worry, there's no chance I'm going to call you Daddy.'
“I wasn’t thinking straight, you stood up and I panicked, and then you were talking to me. I suppose the only thing I noticed was that you don’t like to make the first attack. If you hadn’t eventually given in, they might have stopped us with no attempts at a fight.”
And the way he said that, like he’s never going to know a human ever again. I can feel a chill in my spine. I don’t know if he wants me to talk, but I don’t know if I want him to stop. I feel like I’m outside of myself. Sometimes, I’ve dreamed …
“I need the break, Alex. Dean’s got me all set up for home school, and it’s going okay. It’s nothing to do with what happened at school, not really. But I lost my mom, Alex, and then I had to learn to be with my dad again, and then Dean, and all that junk, and Jack coming here. I wouldn’t get rid of any of it, but I just need some time to go a little slower. Time away from school drama will help.”
“No, but you are my twin. How would I go without you for very long?”
“Cool. So, how about it?”
'And we're here to kill you.'
“Yep,” Dean said cheerfully. “And I knew I could make you talk.”
The call cut off, and Claire’s arm flopped down onto the bed, her phone bouncing on the mattress. That call hadn’t cleared anything up, at all. She had hoped, if Alex had picked up, she would have been able to work out how she felt and what was going on between them. But she was more confused than ever. Maybe Alex hadn’t kissed her, if she’d set up a double date. But her hair was so hypnotising … Claire rolled over and mushed her face into the -hopefully clean - motel pillow, and that was how her father found her when he walked in twenty minutes later.
The door opened, and they heard footsteps on the iron-clad balcony, before Sam stuck his head over the bannister.
Claire focused on her hotdog, rather than acknowledge anything he had just said. She needed time to process her feelings about the tone he was using, the words he was using. It hurt too much to hear he had missed her.
“My secret supply,” she grinned, and then rolled her eyes at Donna. “What about Doug?”
Castiel watched Dean closely over the next few days, and it seemed as though the hunter was made to have a grace. Maybe it was Dean's penchant towards being lazy when he wasn't on a case, or the few extra hours he had within the day that now wasn't dedicated to sleep. Or maybe it was Dean's natural inclination to garnering attention that made him want to transport himself everywhere without walking, or make things materialise out of nowhere for Castiel to marvel at.
“Right on the edge,” Castiel gave a shaky smile. “You’re amazing, Dean.”
'Yeah, I'm fine. Come on, we'll look for Flora next. She should be much easier.'
“Liar.” She smiled despite herself.
“What’s going on?” Gabriel wanted to know.
"Yes. I actually got them back a few days ago, when you were at the bunker."
“Huh. You’re right,” Dean acknowledged. “Cas? Get over here.”
“So, that’s already like a big ‘I love you’, you agreeing to be my girlfriend.” Alex gave another sniff. “Do you have your cell on you? Can I use it to see how bad my face looks?”
Dean’s smile widened.
Dean looked to Sam, just for a moment, before looking back at Castiel. Charlie pushed past to get into the house, and Sam nodded at Castiel as he followed his sister, leaving them outside on the porch together. Dean didn’t say anything, but nodded into the house, and Castiel moved before Dean could change his mind. He walked through the familiar house, looking back at Dean to see where Dean was willing to talk to him. Dean gestured to the kitchen, still not saying anything. Charlie was in there, putting away food from the basket that they didn’t eat and rolling her eyes every time she looked at Castiel. As soon as she was done she stomped out of the room, and Dean headed to the coffee machine.
“Oh, like you’d be honest with her here. So, okay, why are you suddenly obsessed with Meg?”
“How do you like it here, Kelly?” Sam asked as he passed a bowl of salad across the table. He and Eileen had taken seats either side of Claire in a move that hadn’t felt subtle at the time. She grabbed a bread roll and started slathering it with butter.
'Good idea. Hey, maybe my brother and I will drink it. What happens with more than one drop, huh Dexter?'
'So why don't I remember you?'
“I bet she was listening to everything,” Dean announced as he strode into their room.
I do try to operate with integrity.
“It’s a great ass.”
“Leave the cog one. It’s Michael’s and it’s fragile,” Castiel’s voice didn’t sound like his own. “I’ll help move my one.”
After most of the wedding guests were gone, and the house handed back over to the owners, Claire stood on the driveway with Dean, Castiel, Jack, and Kelly. Jack had the keys to the Impala, with strict instructions from Dean about driving her home only, and they were waiting for their taxi. Castiel spent most of his time hugging Claire and saying nothing, and she was embracing him back, trying to reassure him that it was only a week and she wanted gifts from the places they went, to make time for sightseeing in between whatever gross things they would do in the bedroom. Occasionally, Dean heard her, turning to grin at her as he processed what she was saying. As the taxi rounded the end of the driveway, Castiel led her further away, out of earshot, and Dean started talking to Jack about some ground rules for while they were away.
“I suppose it’s very different to here,” Castiel offered up. “But I have a pool table and things. And it’s a nice place to get to know each other better.”
“Because of Faith.” Castiel muttered. Dean frowned at the trees opposite them.
'But if he's in any danger-'
“I can’t believe we have a chance at a slumber party like we’re still in middle school and you all want to sleep,” Kaia smirked as Claire opened the door. They fell inside, Kaia and Patience heading to their bags, and Alex standing behind Claire once she shut the door to undo the lacings on the bodice of her dress.
“Pfft, Dean, what do you take me for?”
“She is, but what if she was visiting her friends? I need some notice.”
Dean and Castiel were officially married. The ceremony had gone without a hitch, and most of the guests were at the cocktail hour while Dean and Castiel took photos. They had requested some with Claire as well, and then Jack too. They took group shots, and shots where Dean and Castiel were arm-in-arm, and Claire and Jack were too. Then, the photographer insisted on some photographs of just Jack and Claire. They stood together, smiling, Jack mindful of the white meringue dress she was wearing. Dean and Castiel started calling out instructions. Jack should stand behind Claire, they should hold hands, maybe they should kiss?
'Faith, Dax, feel free to leave. I want to talk to Sammy a second. Cool?'
“Were we fighting?”
The room he slept in when he needed alone time. The master bedroom.
Castiel pursed his lips as he thought. He had had the cat for nine years, and he’d known Dean three weeks. But Emmanuel could look after his cat; there was no way his twin would step in with his husband.
Castiel rolled his eyes but headed into the kitchen and got them both drinks. He returned to the front room to find Dean naked, a cushion covering his groin as he posed against the upholstery.
The other girls laughed, and they settled in for the first Iron Man movie. Not one of them stayed awake to even see the end of the movie.
“Not like I did much in the first place,” Dean shrugged. “Fine. But we’re visiting, in between hunts and wedding crap, okay?”
“Do you ground her or do I give her detention?”
And now Dean had left the room, and it was just Castiel and Faith, sitting on the tiny, child-sized bed, Faith cuddling a cushion as Castiel held a hand on her shoulder. She could hear him, but he wasn't speaking. It wasn't quite like the mind reading she could do, it was different. Castiel was placing his thoughts in her head, and she could answer back. He promised that they used to communicate this way a lot, that there were things Castiel needed to tell Faith that humans would not be able to cope with.
“It was just a suggestion. You know I’m not going to push before you’re ready. It might be hard not to say something for me, but only because I’m so into you.” Alex shifted closer, and Claire opened her eyes to see her girlfriend hovering above her, hair hanging down and tickling along her arms. “But I’m not going to do anything you’re not comfortable with.”
“Not soon enough.”
The tears were falling out of Alex’s eyes, slow and steady, but this time she didn’t wipe them away. Claire reached out and did it for her, stroking her cheek softly.
“It’s risky. I know kids just like to gossip but this one’s a lot worse than me boning Sam. There’s more consequences. And while people don’t know about me and Cas,” he sighed. “It shouldn’t be your problem. Sorry.”
“Dean married a dude! Come on, that’s hilarious. Do you bottom, Dean?”
“Hey.” She gave a brief smile, and then threw her arms around him. He hugged her back, feeling surprised. “I’m gonna miss you, Dean.”
“I’m the wrong person for that.” He put his beer bottle down. “Besides Cas, I mean … you’re an angel, right?”
Castiel smiled, and made himself peel away from Dean.
Dean kissed his temple, and Castiel took a measured risk, turning the pages of the notebook. Dean didn’t stop him, watching the fire as Castiel took his time looking through the pictures. After that first image of Castiel, he found several more; in a tuxedo, their hands woven together, Castiel laughing, Castiel looking away into the distance with a somewhat dreamy expression. And then a picture of them kissing, Dean’s hands inside his pants. He gasped, realising that Balthazar had been correct. And pretty reserved in his explanation, because the pictures started to get more and more graphic. There were hand jobs, blow jobs, anal sex in different positions, all interspersed with pictures of tyre treads, or moments Castiel remembered from their dates … he put the sketchbook onto the bench gently, then grabbed the front of Dean’s shirt and pulled him into a frantic kiss, where they stayed until an acrid smell filled the air, and Dean untangled himself to save their meal. As they began to eat, Castiel resumed the conversation from the sitting.
“I haven’t gone back. I’m not going back until next year.”
“That’s why I stopped the mark from ending you. I can’t lose you, like I can’t lose Sam, like I couldn’t lose Charlie.” Dean murmured. “I still have some control, Cas.”
“I know, Bear,” Castiel squeezed her shoulder just as Dean said, “Don’t cuss, Claire.”
Even when they did something as mundane as watch television together, it was somewhat of a problem.
“It’s her loss if she doesn’t,” Dean offered. “She wouldn’t just be losing a girlfriend.”
“You’ll figure it out. Dork.”
“What?”
“Really.” Dean couldn’t care less.
“Sam.”
Dean closed his eyes for a moment, and nodded as he opened them.
Or even, if Castiel wanted to reach into really unlikely fantasies, this kiss would end and he would have the words to say how much he missed Dean and how much it hurt not to hear from him. How Meg had offered a solution by marrying her and it was knee-jerk but he had only needed a sign from Dean to call it off. How it felt like Dean had spent so long being angry with him and he had no idea what he had done to incite that anger. But how grateful he was for this kiss, for the feel of Dean’s stubble against his - which Gabriel was correct, Castiel loved - and for Dean coming with no other agenda than talking to him.
“Here. Go nuts. And if you want a friend over, that’s fine too.”
“Well, we didn’t want to step all over your engagement, and it’s really early days,” Becky couldn’t hold in her excitement. “Sam?”
“I said Odysseus.”
“Oh, nothing. Just trying to work through some homework.”
“Once we’re done with this dinner, and the dancing afterwards, can we go somewhere and unwind?”
“Yeah, of course. If he was ready for it, and you were, and I was. Maybe if we get to a point where we want to live together or get married. But we’re not there yet. It hasn’t been that long.”
'Yes, there's a collection of tales about two fictional brothers and their involvement with the paranormal. I could show you? It's in the science fiction section.'
“Clearly you weren’t at the hearing. And Mr Winchester wouldn’t still be at school if it was. So bite me and buy that comic or go away.”
'Who? Dean, or Dax?'
“I think so. Yeah. I definitely feel things that I never did with Dax.”
Claire fixed a smile onto her face.
'I'm dreading taking on Stevie, even with Dax's help.'
“You could have, B, Cas isn’t like that.” Gabriel diffused a possible argument. “But what you’re saying, Cas, is that a big dramatic wedding crash would have been okay? Because that was Charlie’s idea.”
“Do we need to go see if he’s okay?”
He sat up, and ran a hand through his hair, rubbing his head to rouse himself.
“We’ll work it out, kid. I wanna be with you guys for a long time.”
Dean exhaled noisily, and headed over to the trailer attached to a beautiful muscle car that was obviously well loved. He put the statue on a set of wheels and used that to move the statue into the Novak’s mansion. It was bulkier than the one that Castiel had bought, so he assumed it was Michael’s. He stood back to watch Dean push it in with apparent ease, and then began picking off the protective wrapping. Slowly, the cog piece was revealed, the spurs moving slowly this time. Castiel wanted to touch it again, because there didn’t seem to be a system for mechanics, so how could it move? Dean turned to him as the last bit of bubble wrap came away, gesturing to the very spot Castiel had almost touched back in Dean’s studio.
“I’m trying to understand, Claire. But what are you actually saying?”
Dean carried on eating his sandwich, and Castiel waited nervously, wondering if he should say anything more. But he didn’t want to say the wrong thing now, not when it seemed like Dean was finally taking it seriously. He never dreamed he’d get this far, but he was so hopeful now.
He climbed out of the car, and approached the house. Kevin waited until he had unlocked the door to pull away, and Castiel slumped back down on the bench.
“Sure, give me a minute, I want to text Dean.”
“Okay. Well, if you ever wonder if my brother is cheating, it’s only with a banana cream.”
They said their goodbyes, Dean even bending down to say goodbye to the baby, and then they used their angelic powers to go to New Mexico. They looked at the huge red rock that pierced the sky in front of them, and Castiel thought over Sam and Becky’s news. He was going to be an uncle. He never imagined he’d ever end up one of them.
“Come on, the bell’s about to go,” she spoke abruptly, and Claire’s chest felt tighter. It was like Alex was mad at her for just handing over a small piece of paper.
Faith shook her head slightly as though she was coming out of a trance, and looked at her father nervously. Dean was staring at the ground, his posture closing his thoughts from the world.
“Because it is.”
“And that’s the end of that conversation.” Castiel bit out.
“Mr Novak-Winchester,” He purred.
'Dean says it's okay!'
“What did I do to get this punishment?” She sighed.
He didn't react to her gentle appeal for him. She felt she had to explain properly.
“Are you trying to teach me English now?” He sounded amused. “No, I don’t. You use what makes sense in a sentence when you remove the other names. You should let I walk you home? No. Doesn’t work.”
We gotta make out next time we see each other, then. I don’t remember you going?
His father stooped down into his line of vision, smiling in that dopey way that Junior associated with total trust.
“Sore.” She put two cookies in the middle of the table. “What’ve you got?”
“Is everything okay?”
“I don’t hate you.”
“And if we get laid too, so be it,” Gabriel nodded. “It’s a good life.”
Still, there was silence. Dean turned, as Castiel was brought to him, his gaze on the remnants of blood left on the dusty floor.
Castiel smiled sheepishly, and stood aside while Dean grabbed his duffle bag from the back seat, and they walked hand-in-hand into Castiel’s house.
Castiel laughed, kissing Faith's head and wrapping his arms tighter around her.
“Just for that, I’m going to introduce you to Claire.”
“It’s okay to want some of that stuff, you know,” Alex said boldly. Like she could see how confused Claire was, and was reading it better than Claire even could. “I’m your girlfriend, you can think I’m hot. I think you’re hot.”
“Don’t look,” she begged him. “Please don’t look.”
“We’ve got all night,” Dean purred.
Dean finally looked at Castiel again properly. His gaze was more serious now, but his skin still had that glow. As though his godly parentage made itself known through his pores. They held each others gaze, and Dean could feel a lump in his throat, making breathing difficult. This wasn’t just an oath between two men who would protect each other, this was a promise to a god. An agreement to lose his own agency. But it was also Castiel.
She looked around again, and caught her father's eye this time. Dean watched her with concern, and she forced a sheepish smile at him, before turning away and hissing between her teeth.
“It won’t be long until we see each other again,” Castiel reminded him gently.
Alex laughed, and stepped even closer, talking below the noise of the nearby revellers.
“You know, Dean and I have been talking, and perhaps this is the wrong time to bring it up, but,” he looked at Dean who was once again eating a huge mouthful, but who immediately reached across and stroked the back of Castiel’s hand. “We’re considering moving.”
“Oh, crap,” she said under her breath.
“How did he possibly sell errands to you?”
'Faith? I've heard. Gabriel made sure I … are you okay?'
They broke for lunch, where Dean smothered his bread in olive oil and xynomizithra and almost inhaled the combination, and Castiel mixed their water with wine and set about eating his meal slowly, though with as much enjoyment. They were surrounded by other soldiers, all of whom were eating with the same enthusiasm that came from an intense work out, and the only sounds were of goblets clinking, men chewing, and the occasional burp.
It would have been so easy to agree, but Claire knew there were no real secrets between Dean and Castiel, and if her principal heard what had happened there would be more confrontations. And Charlie wasn’t due in the store for another hour, which meant that he had left it open and unoccupied.
“She’s a teenager!” He couldn’t help but call out. Claire’s grandparents ignored it.
'Watch what you say, Faith.' Gabriel warned her.
“Studies have shown that no matter how inebriated we might become, we still remember basic facts about ourselves, and it is this ability to retain information such as addresses that means we can get back home after a night in the bar. So thank you, I know my name is stupid.”
Dean looked up, and into the eyes of his little brother. He would have expected Sam to adhere to protocol, but no, Sam came flying out of the house, flinging himself on Dean, who fell over on the impact.
“I wonder if she thinks ruining her only friendship was worth that isolation?” Amara pondered.
'Some girls get it badly, apparently,' Junior spoke up after the sixth day cooped up, flicking through the browser of his netbook. 'There's a bunch of recipes and stuff we could give her to try to help?'
“Best friend?” Claire deadpanned, her expression as innocent as possible. She felt a stab of perverse pleasure watching her grandparents struggle with the possibility that Claire might be as queer as her father.
“Thanks, Dad.”
'He's keeping watch on the house. And we have to get going again. We've removed Cassidy, and met Flora. We need to go back and get Flora, before she becomes too much of a liability. She's probably made a lot of connections already, she was very intelligent.' Castiel answered
“So, can I ask why you didn’t want to talk to your girlfriend earlier?”
Jack gave Dean a huge grin.
‘Fuck.’ Dean breathed, and applied pressure to Castiel’s head. ‘Baby, just blow me.’
“But that’s the thing,” Claire turned to face him properly. He watched her with that tilt to his head that meant he was listening intently to even the words not said. “I don’t think I’ve made a big decision. I care about Alex, and she’s still my best friend, but I couldn’t cope with the physical stuff between me and her. That doesn’t mean you can’t touch Dean in front of me. It just means I’ve learned something about myself. I’m still good with hugs.”
'Good compromise,' Dean smiled.
“You prefer that answer to ‘I’m an adult and I’ve learnt about people in the last forty years’ don’t you?”
Alex turned another page as she nodded, and the microwave beeped as the tea finished heating up. Claire took the cups back into the living room, her hands shaking slightly. Alex had curled up under the blanket, and as Claire sat down she threw it over her lap too.
'You're pissed at him too!' Faith shot back.
'But he won't this time?' Her voice hardened.
Sam grinned, and gestured to the stairs.
“Claire wants to be homeschooled,” he declared, with no beating around the bush. Claire watched as Dean finally looked up, loaded fork already half-raised to his full mouth. He chewed furiously, but his need to speak won out against talking with an empty mouth.
“No.”
Castiel shrugged, just as they heard Alex calling for Claire.
“I love you, Dean.”
There was no way she could talk to her dad about this. He would be kind to a fault and then probably send Jack away. She couldn’t talk to Dean because he blabbed everything to her father. Jack was definitely out of bounds. Alex, Kaia, and Patience had continued to avoid her since she was homeschooled. Who was there? Who could help her sound out how she was feeling without it tracing back to anyone who could get hurt by it all?
“You’re allergic to cat hair?”
“She said it was an accident. But the cheerleaders were missing in action for a while,” Sam answered. So, she hadn’t fooled him at all, and her English teacher had made a good guess at what had happened. “I noticed that Alex also wasn’t cheering tonight.”
He gave her another smile, before straightening, and kissing her temple.
'Heard that.' Faith said obstinately. Dax turned in his seat, looking annoyed with Faith's bitterness.
Dean reached closer, and nuzzled his nose against Castiel's.
Castiel interjected.
“If He ever comes back,” Gabriel shrugged easily, sitting on the edge of the desk.
“He called while you were changing and denying him your waffles. Look,” he pulled his phone out and showed her the call log. Scrolling down, she saw her name, and Jack’s, and Charlie’s, in a sea of Dean’s. There must have been at least ten calls a day.
“Ugh,” Claire made sure he could see her eye roll. “I get this from dad, I get this from Dean, I don’t need it from you as well, okay?”
'And how do you think you'll do that, sweetie?' She purred. Castiel inched closer, preparing to take her out before she influenced Sam even more. She held out her hand suddenly, as though she were pushing an invisible force, and Castiel went flying backwards, the angel blade dropping from his grip. And then she lost her hands in Sam's hair again, moving closer as though she was about to kiss him, despite being the same age as his niece. He let her get closer, and closer, and just before her lips met his, Sam struck, spiking his own angel blade up and through her ribs. Her breath caught as her chest began oozing green blood, and he laughed in her face.
Castiel went under the sheet again.
Her uncle grinned, and gestured at Dean, who looked over at them during his long rant about Europe.
And he'd slump against the wall, gripping his head, trying to fight the images that seemed so vivid. He was sure he could reach out and scoop his daughter into his arms.
“Claire,” Alex admonished, before answering Kaia. “It’s not so bad. It just means I have to ask if I want a kiss, and know that when Claire says no it’s not a personal thing, she’s just having a repulsed day. Sometimes it hurts, but we try and talk about it.”
They were walking now, back in the usual formation of Garth and Junior in front, and Gabe behind them, Dean beside her as they walked. They had managed to set a new course, one that they thought may have actually saved them time.
Gabriel pushed a glass towards him.
'Because I still have penance to pay. This is how my Father expects me to pay it.'
“I haven’t seen you yet, Ben. How are you?”
Dean looked across the seat at those pretty blue eyes.
“He’s that guy who makes those metal things, isn’t he? My class saw some of his stuff when he won that award. I liked it.”
“Perhaps, but we did marry on a spur of the moment. If we renew our vows then it shows that we mean them and it gives our families the chance to meet.” Castiel gave Mary a sincere smile. “And I’m so sorry in advance for Gabriel.”
“And I said I was sorry, I knew he wanted to take it slow, but I didn’t see a future without him. And he said that he didn’t want to take it back, that he thought it happened for a reason. So we are engaged. If that’s cool with you? We’re not going to rush into a wedding, even if I called it wrong.”
'It's comforting.' She shrugged, leaning her head back against the headrest. 'So, Hoboken?'
“If we’re going to do that, then why aren’t you listening when I’m saying I want to stop it completely?”
“Would you wanna hear Jody going at it?” Claire interrupted.
“Yeah? You seemed a little pissed off.”
“I’m learning.” He swallowed the mouthful. “I watched that show with the horse guy and his ace friend. I heard Sherlock was written as ace. I’ve looked into it. Try me.”
‘Mexican poppies are gorgeous, and unusual.’
'You can call me Dean if it's easier.' Dean didn't mean that, really. He wanted to hear her call him Dad again, but after fifteen long, painful years, he knew she might not. She might blame him for abandoning her, she might hate him with all the venom she seemed to have for Castiel. He wasn't going to make it harder for her, whatever he wanted.
Castiel waited until Dean had left again to allow himself to think. For all everyone said about Dean getting his empathy from his mother, it seemed incorrect. Dean had so much compassion, so much understanding. Or maybe it was just because he did love Castiel so much, though he barely acknowledged it even now. But Castiel knew that he wasn’t ready to return home to Mary’s frosty reception. Instead, he zapped himself to another place he would be welcomed.
“No. Not really. That was one of my last reunions too, Dad and Mike fell out like they used to do all the time, and no one really wanted anything to do with either of them after that. But I still had Mom and all her family. No one half as fun as Gabe and Balthazar though.”
'Dean, it's me,' the weight whispered in the dark. Dean's heart leapt in his chest as he slowly moved the hand away.
“Thank you for letting me know, Kevin. Would you be able to wait around to take them home afterwards?”
"Called it," Garth breathed. Dean stared at the werewolf draped across his small daughter, and tried not to feel a sense of loss. He had just gotten her back, how was she moving on already?
'I know it's going to be hard, sweetie, but try to focus on the baby. And I know, I know, what should you care about a baby that isn't even yours and is only going to benefit angels-'
Dean nodded and took a step back, and Castiel made himself walk into the house, despite the fact he could feel tension radiating from Dean. Maybe the evening wouldn’t be so relaxing. Charlie walked from the kitchen to the sitting room, passing right in front of Castiel and acting like he wasn’t there, and a few moments after the door closed behind her he could hear a strange clacking sound. Dean spoke behind him.
“Yes. I’ve just missed you very much. And Faith, of course.”
“I believe it was you being a total hypocrite,” he shrugged. “Wouldn’t you say, Cas?”
“I know.” Emmanuel smiled, and took Daphne from him. “You’ll want to get rid of her fur before you hug him.”
Claire realised who it was, Sheriff Jody. She listened closely as Dean gave a heavy sigh.
'I think I'd like to know that too, Cas.'
“Now, stop perving on my girl,” Claire added, as Alex led her to their first class. They settled, and the girl who sat next to Claire tapped her on the shoulder.
Dean closed the front door, and Castiel made himself walk away. Maybe it hadn’t gone perfectly, and maybe Dean wasn’t his again, but there was the possibility that he could be sometime soon. He would have liked a goodbye hug, or kiss, or something, but he knew that it was pushing it that much too far to have tried.
“Did you want to do something together? Play a board game or something? You used to be pretty good at chess. That might help clear your mind. After dinner, obviously.”
Claire sat up and looked at her father intently. He gestured for her to talk.
“Oh, okay. Are you an L?” Dean asked Claire, his tone gentle, not teasing for once. She shrugged.
“Yep. She called that guy a creep. He was.”
“What are you, five? It’s only a couple of bucks. Chump change. You could buy out all the copies in town and not make a dent in your interest today.” Gabriel reminded him.
“You didn’t make your grades a wager, no dice,” Sam shook his shaggy hair. “And you’re still handing it in Monday.”
“What’s going on?”
Sam leaned across the laptop, reaching for a bottle of beer Dax hadn't noticed before.
“Tonight.” Castiel confirmed. There was no point in lying about that.
'You're Siobhan? You survived after all?'
“AMBUSH! AMBUSH! GET UP!” They both started yelling, their voices overlapping as they tried to raise the alarm.
“I’m older.” Jack countered. Castiel opened his own door.
“I didn’t do anything!” Her latest cushion caught a lamp, which fell to the floor with the sound of glass breaking.
“You’d better get naked when we get in there.”
“No such rules at my place,” Castiel reminded him, kissing him again.
. Hunters weren't allowed. He wished Cuthbert had mastered hiding entire buildings by magic, so he could have hidden the bunker from schmucks like the Winchesters. He'd been so hopeful, when he realised how close they were to the bunker. He'd imagined leading Faith in, seeing her awestruck as he showed her around, pretending to be so surprised by everything in the bunker. And then Charlie had opened the door and Dax's plan went to dust. And worse, the hunters had trashed it, had put their musky, alcohol-soaked stamp on it. Faith had loved it all the same, which was even more irritating. She didn't know how good the bunker was, not really, she was too busy playing house with the usurpers.
“I know.”
Part of Dax felt sorry for leaving Faith out of the plan he was about to set in motion, the one he'd been working on since Sam and Charlie first began openly discussing their research on Dax, but it wasn't safe to tell her. She'd sell him out in a heartbeat. He didn't even want to touch upon her pregnancy lie, it was obviously a ploy her father had decided on to encourage him to talk.
They finally got to the town in Mississippi that they'd been aiming for just as night was beginning to fall. Dax insisted that they pay out for a motel room instead of sleeping in their camper van, and Faith grudgingly, silently agreed. Her bad mood had lasted the entire day, and Dax was beginning to wonder if he'd made a mistake and caused her anger by agreeing, for once, with Gabriel. He went to the check in desk as Faith headed for the candy machine, and Dax found himself hoping that the sugar would coddle her. He hated Faith's black moods.
'Don't feel bad, Faith. You're a born hunter.'
“Twenty thousand then.”
“Look, Cas,” Dean’s voice was low, close to his ear. “We haven’t known each other long but I like the guy you are. You do have a lot going for you. Screw anyone who doesn’t like what you are. And if you don’t want them to find anything out, I’ll be your buffer, right?”
“Do you think she’s going to be okay?”
“She’ll never admit that.” The bathroom door handle moved, hit the lock, and stopped.
“Yeah, sure. I knew it was you.”
This book was about fighting fate, where Carver was written into the story as an awkward man called Chuck who was easily intimidated by the Winchester brothers. They were apalled by the idea of the books, and the writing, and how they couldn't fight the hand that they'd been dealt with. Faith knew that feeling. She couldn't help noticing some parallels in the book to the things she had noticed - how close, even on paper, that her father was to her mother; how her father took charge, to hell with destiny; how Sam was beyond smart, and beyond expectations. He'd surprised Faith, after all, in the few weeks they'd known each other. He wasn't nearly as awkward as she had expected. She read the entire novel, not stopping until it was gone midnight. And though she knew when she finally got to the end of the book that she had to go to bed, she wasn't prepared for that. She went walking through the bunker, and almost immediately bumped into Gabriel.
“You’re to go home for the rest of the day. Your father will come to pick you up. We’re going to arrange for you to be homeschooled for the rest of the week. Your friends will bring you your work. This is not a punishment, it’s to keep you away from the worst of it as we try and sort this issue out.”
“Tell me about it,” Alex sighed, as the little girl made motions to be picked up. Alex scooped her up and settled her on one hip. “They came up to our table and started going on about poisoning minds or whatever. Seemed pretty pissed at all of us, then Jody was like, if you want to make it a civil issue we can go to the precinct? That made them shut up.”
She remembered the moment he was describing in the hospital. She hadn’t recognised him, but she hadn’t really looked at him either. She was aware that some strange man was staring intently at her from the nurses station and she had raised her voice to talk to her grandma, trying to get the creepy guy away from her. She had never considered the idea that he would have visited his ex-wife when she got ill. She had given up on ever seeing him again.
“Dad said we could have a sleepover. It’s cool. You’re not my mom, Charlie.”
“I guess not. I just feel like we haven’t given it a fair shot.”
“We’re about to have a whole week together. Just you and me,” Claire reminded him. He grinned.
“I can’t, it hurts, it hurts!” She cried out, trying to curl into a ball, to get rid of the stomach cramp. But even as she tried, it was already wearing off, and she staggered upright, letting Junior lead her away. She caught a glimpse of her parents, her uncles, and Garth all wrestling Stevie/Dax to the ground, yelling incoherently over each other.
“You’re not married yet?”
'I had to give Gabriel clear messages he couldn't rewrite. Though I'm sure he did.'
“So, it’s down to me to give a speech about my brother, and somehow Castiel gets away without the embarrassing stories. Claire, you have some, right?”
“What are your parents like?” She blew across the tea, hoping she just sounded conversational. If Junior was confused, or upset that she was changing the subject, he didn’t show it. He merely leaned closer on the bed, watching her concentrate on her tea.
'Ask your Dad if he'll fly with you.' Dax shrugged.
'Won't be long now,' Dean smiled, and Faith concentrated on his chin, rather than look in his eyes. She debated whether to bring up Dax, or the fact she and Gabriel could hear everything, but Dean carried on talking about the stupid baby. 'We're nearly there, at least. Couple more days of hiking and we'll be there, then you can rest up. Picked a name yet?'
Castiel nodded slowly, as Dean opened the door, standing back to let the two men who were outside in. Faith gasped as they walked down the stairs, and grabbed the nearest gun with her good hand. She hoped the gun was full of silver bullets.
“Where’s that Jack guy gone?” Kaia wanted to know. “And who is he?”
“It’s not?” Claire felt a stupid stabbing of hope in her chest.
They ordered Chinese around the time that Gilderoy Lockhart pulled Ron’s broken wand on him, and sat eating it as the third movie began. And as they dug through the little boxes of sesame chicken and teriyaki beef, Castiel started talking about something other than the movies.
Dean’s eyebrows rose.
“Yeah. Last time you were just a little kid.”
“Yeah. I guess we just have to find our feet.”
The spearhead was almost completely submerged in the trunk of the olive tree. The rest of the doru was almost perpendicular to the tree. It took a considerable amount of strength to remove the spear from the tree, and the hole that was left in the trunk passed through to the other side. The warrior’s throwing partner came closer, also inspecting the throw.
“Stop saying numbers at me!” Dean seemed flustered.
“I’m here, Uncle Cas.” Jack reminded him. “I’ll keep an eye on her and if she’s ready to talk, I’ll let you know.”
'Dean-'
'Yeah, we were debating whether that might have happened too. Cas wouldn't let anything happen to him, he knows what Dax means to you.'
'I know you don't trust angels, but Father is different. He wouldn't be so cruel.'
“I still can’t get used to calling him Dean. That’s a real person name.”
“Can I cut in?” He asked. Meg didn’t even try to refuse him, or start dancing with him. She merely huffed in exasperation and walked away as Dean grabbed Castiel’s hand and waist, and began swaying gently. Castiel almost tripped in shock, and he refocused on Dean’s shoulder as he let Dean lead. It had been a month since Dean had yelled at him, a month since he’d confirmed for Castiel that they were over. He didn’t want to play games, and he didn’t want to be pulled about by Dean anymore. Either Dean was interested and would respond to his texts, or he wasn’t and should walk away completely.
“Call it a break, Claire. I can handle a break, but I can’t handle a break up.”
Claire looked down at her feet. Maybe Castiel wasn’t the most understanding person she could have discussed this with.
“Teenager present, be gross on your own time.” Claire turned back to her homework. Dean looked over her shoulder.
“A work in progress. Green iron swirls?”
Hey, I hope you liked that! I wasn't planning on writing anything and then 3k just leaped out of me. I'm not sure yet as to whether I'm going to add to this. I was intending it to be a one shot but I think it might end up longer. I can see a whole storyline already! Please let me know if you'd be interested in me expanding this.
“So I’ll apologise to him,” Claire shrugged.
She walked back, and grabbed her plate, eyeing him as she did.
He smiled at her, and she forced herself not to smile back.
“So, you’re Faith?” Chuck spared one glance at Castiel before smiling at her, walking right over and squatting down next to her. “You know, I don’t normally approve of my angels having relations with humans. But then, Castiel has always been a little different. And the bond your parents share … I suppose you were inevitable.”
“The man you married. You know, I really thought that was one of Gabriel’s jokes when he told us.”
“Whatever.”
'Your invention. What's left of it, anyway.'
Is he talking about caring about the job, or saving people, or hunting things … or something else? Am I wrong for hoping for something else? And for dreading him putting this into reality too?
Dean smiled widely.
'Faith, you're not, you're-'
“Are you okay?” he asked. Claire shrugged.
Dax nodded, unable to answer, just staring at the toddler version of his girlfriend in the newest photograph that Sam had passed him. Her hair was slightly unruly, and she was indeed in a plaid man's shirt, her huge mis-matched eyes betraying her sense of fear as she stood in the middle of a room littered with toys. The only real defining thing Dax could see in the picture was the teddy that she clutched tightly, like a security blanket.
“Well, we’d rather you had stayed in a place you know with people you love but apparently we have less rights than the man that abandoned you.”
“Go to sleep, Ben.”
“No. It was fine. I told you he liked you.”
'Can you override yours? Looks like whatever you do, you're having this baby.'
“Sam and Eileen do. Everyone else knows I met you, but I didn’t know how to say … I just … can you be here when that comes up?”
“And you’ve beaten the shit out of me before, nearly smited me. Smote me. Whatever. The demon tablet?”
Is that supposed to be a compliment?
“But she does like you.”
When they climbed into the Impala, and Dean started driving back across town, the conversation turned to Claire.
Dean was in the kitchen when she walked through, sleepily filling the coffee machine.
“Hey, I wouldn’t. Might take advantage of the fact we’re both barely wearing anything right now, but I’m not going to take advantage of your brothers.”
“But you still accepted my money,” Castiel pointed out, trying not to go anywhere near the notion that Dean was only in it for the name Novak. “And now you need to accept that I’m going to marry Meg.”
“I haven’t had any demon blood for ages,” Sam finally spoke, his voice shaky.
And then one Castiel jumped out of shot, and the others outfits transformed into flapper girls as they did the Charleston together. Dean burst out laughing at the enthusiasm of all these Castiel’s, while Castiel sang slowly in the background.
“A hell of a day, I know. And I told you, I don’t believe the stuff Anna said to me.”
“Yes. He’s a good man, but parties are fairly overwhelming for him. We were just going to go for a walk and then enjoy the fireworks.”
“Difficult. My dad didn’t handle it well, losing Mom. He started drinking a lot, left us alone or with our Uncle Bobby. I didn’t understand where Mom was, and Dad said I was responsible for Sammy so I had to learn to look after him, had to learn Mom wasn’t coming home. Bobby helped me a lot, gave me a break from being Sam’s other parent, talked to me about loss and stuff. Stood up to Dad when he didn’t do enough for us. Child welfare should have been all over us, but Bobby didn’t want us separated, and Dad didn’t need that either. I needed Sammy, Sammy needed me, and we were meant to have Dad as well. Sometimes we did, but losing Mom hardened him. He wasn’t always the guy we needed.”
“Hey,” Alex was back to her cool, collected self.
'Really, Faith?' Dax groaned, as the heavy baseline started.
'Oh.'
He had read a story to Mary and put up with her endless questions about Castiel, realizing how little he knew of his husband when he couldn’t say what his favorite color, animal, or day was. Eventually he cut Mary off and made her settle down, flicking on her nightlight and refusing to answer anything more. And then he had Ben to contend with, who started his routine of saying what Lisa let him do, what Lisa would say, how long it was until Ben was back with his own mother. It was exhausting for Dean to bite his tongue and let Ben run out of steam, but somehow he did it.
“Yeah. I wanted to do it better than that.”
“I have sisters, I get it.” Devon cut her off, and then shifted his weight from foot to foot, pushing his blonde-brown bangs back from his forehead. “Look, um, you’re friends with Alex Jones, right?”
'It's okay, Dad,' Faith said softly, reaching out and touching his arm gently. 'I know. I don't get why we lost each other in the first place?'
Everyone started laughing, even Dean, even Bobby. Claire leaned back against her father’s legs, and felt at peace for the first time in a while. Even with the Alex drama, it had been a long time since she was in a group of people, just listening to stories and feeling a part of the group rather than an outsider. And it was nice to hear that Bobby didn’t limit just calling students idjits, Dean and Sam got it too.
Castiel tried to get rid of thoughts about Fergus, and set about making the room look more inviting, less intimidating. He turned on the lights beside the bed, turning off the main overhead lights and bathing them in a warm glow. He gave Dean a small smile, and tried to sit on the bed in a casual-yet-sexy manner.
Castiel noticed that Faith had already changed to calling Dean "Dad" but still called him Castiel.
“Do you want to go now?” Dean asked quietly. Castiel felt himself relax, grateful that Dean had kept that in mind, but kicking himself a little for being so indecisive that the moment with Dean had passed.
“Just going to bed. But I promised Manny I’d read through his manuscript tomorrow.”
“That’s fair,” Castiel nodded.
“Still cold?”
“Sorry. I’ll explain when she’s not three feet away and listening to every word. And maybe it’s for the best, if you’re seen out in town and Claire’s not around, maybe those rumours will go away.”
Alex touched her forearm affectionately when Claire stopped talking, and Claire wriggled closer to her.
“Sam’s in his room. I don’t understand Dean, do you not appreciate the gifts?”
“I feel like I’m missing the joke,” Dean’s mother said drily. Dean looked at her, trying his best to look innocent.
“This thing is spotless,” she told Dean as he climbed in the driver’s seat.
She looked up at him, and her eyes seemed to glow an eerie blue. Sam looked at Castiel apprehensively, worried what it might mean, but Castiel was hardly paying attention. He looked as though he was listening intently to something.
“I haven’t seen him all day.”
“So does Jody. She’s given me some pretty good advice. And some advice I don’t think you’d want to hear. Way too much info.” Alex laughed weakly. “Okay, so both our parental figures know, so I guess there’s no sleepovers in the near future? But we’ll keep it to them for now.”
“Sure, sounds good.”
'But it's Faiths?' Dax shot back. Faith dipped her burger in the ketchup pool, and bit into it rather than get involved in their argument. It was a recurring one, and Faith knew Dax didn't trust Gabriel. The waitress reappeared with Gabriel's order, and disappeared again as Gabriel tucked in.
“A campaign is why we’re here, surely? I was promised that there would be more like the Boeotian War. Like the battle of Tegyra. Not watching all the hoplites wrestle and dance.” He measured the weight of the spear in his hand, checking that the head hadn’t been dislodged when removing it from the tree. His companion also removed his helmet.
“We could share?” Junior tried to compromise. Dean cleared his throat loudly, which was all he needed to do in order to make his feelings about that clear. “Well, it’s not like I would get her pregnant.”
Ms Harvelle still didn’t look impressed.
“That could have gone better,” Dean admitted.
“Since when is Dean subtle? Think your dad will let you off early if he’s hanging around?”
“Nothing worse than finding out your parents are still shagging. No offence, Cassie.”
“What’s your problem with Cas anyway?”
'Castiel's not the angel you were expecting, is he?'
Nothing.
“That was inconsequential, I didn’t want that, not with her, anyway” Castiel watches as the red and blue lights of a police car move across the ceiling as it passes by, siren blaring. His eyes turn to Dean’s and then away, and he says, “I let you do this to me, not only because I know you want it, but because I like it. Enough to risk the things I’d face if Heaven ever found out. And I probably won’t survive tomorrow, and I just need to feel something, before I’m gone, forever.”
Castiel presses his head against the back of his seat, watches Dean’s fingers, turning the key in the ignition, scanning through radio stations, adjusting the volume.
The other things, the things Dean did high on Castiel’s grace. The things Dean would tell Castiel had to stay secret, between them. The things Dean would do to him, that Castiel was terrified to reciprocate. The things Dean said he did, in exchange for draining Castiel to the verge of feeling emotion, weakness, need.
“But, how can it be just you? Doesn’t the universe need balance, or something like that?” Jack stands over the blackened pile of flesh and bone that was once God.
“I don’t know, I don’t know anything. I don’t know what I did.” I roll my head along the Earth. “I’m sorry. I made a deal. The Empty told me Cas was becoming human. It wanted Jack’s grace, to let him go. I agreed. So I think Jack…I think Jack is human too.”
“Just drop me off, Dean. Anywhere, here, I’ll walk.” Castiel lifts the handle of the door as Dean rolls through a stop sign concealed by overgrown bushes.
It was supposed to be him, blown away, destroyed to destroy God. But now he’s alone, and there’s nothing left for Chuck to do with him, except kill him too, or maybe something even worse.
“Yeah, well a lot of people are easily fooled,” Dean pulls down the driver’s-side visor to block out the sun streaming into the car in front of Castiel. “Anyway, this case is probably a milk run. Assholes with their hearts ripped out.”
Castiel drives for hours, listening to nothing other than the sound of the Impala’s engine and the sound of Dean snoring against the passenger side window. In the middle of Ohio, Dean mutters incoherently. On the state line of Pennsylvania, at something like 1 in the morning, Dean opens his eyes, runs his fingers along Castiel’s thigh out of reflex or instinct, runs his fingers along Castiel to make sure he’s still there, and falls back to sleep.
“Sure, whatever. Does it matter?” Dean drags the chain connected to Castiel closer to him, until their lips are brushing against each other.
Castiel reaches out through the frigid darkness, and he touches Dean, Dean’s soul. It’s filled with rage and remorse. But, more than anything, it’s filled with longing. A longing to be alive, a longing to know that Sam Winchester is safe, a longing for a life that didn’t end in being ripped apart by hellhounds. A longing for a normal life, a longing for something else.
And finally, I fall asleep.
Dean turns his face up to the ceiling, leaning in against the open trunk. “We can talk about me and Cas. But I think you know everything.”
He tells me something about everyone being gone. Everyone. Not just the people from Apocalypse World. Donna. He drove back here from Minnesota, because he called me maybe a hundred times and I didn’t answer, because he assumed that I was gone, dead, like everyone else. Then he asks, “Where’s Cas?”
And I’d finally told him, what I’d felt for so long, what I needed to say, what I think he needed to hear. And now I’m alone, and it’s too loud to sleep.
“Not that I know of. Not outside of work, I mean. I’m sure there are a lot of people from work who might—have a grudge against him, I guess,” she says. “He didn’t talk much about work. He was always at the office until late at night. When he came home he really didn’t want to talk about work.”
“What the hell are you talking about?” Castiel lets his head fall back as Dean runs his fingers down his face, tilting his neck. He waits, to feel Dean’s mouth against his own, Dean’s body against his, but all he feels is Dean loosening his already loose tie, unbuttoning his shirt, and wrapping something around his throat.
Not forever. Not the way he’d just said good-bye to Castiel.
Dean presses his forehead into Castiel as he swallows, as he feels another rush of Castiel’s grace, or something close to it, run through him. “Cas,” he mumbles. “Cas, just let me fuck you.”
The echoes of Purgatory can never be silenced. The terror, the stench of death and decay, the constant, sweltering inferno that spawned a never-ending assault of Leviathan. It’s all relentless background noise in Dean’s brain. And sometimes, in the dark, it blends with the quiet humming of torture and agony that Dean still remembers from four months, 40 years, in Hell.
“What did you want to do?” Castiel reaches across the table, lets his fingers wrap along Dean’s. And this is the first time, ever, that he’s touched Dean like this, so blatantly and publicly, and he waits for Dean to, maybe, pull himself away, to tell him not like this, not here.
Maybe, it could have been Castiel, legs all tangled with Dean’s, if he hadn’t run back to Heaven after opening the Pit. If he wasn’t on the verge of leading some holy civil war. If he had let Dean stay addicted to his grace, to him.
