Dean licked his lips and pursed them.
“What-"
“I’ve been better. What happened on the case?”
The angel already had a hand on the door handle, when Dean stood in front of him, hesitant, then planted a small peck on Cas’ cheek.
“Whoa!” Dean caught an armful of dark bed hair and bright smiles as Cas slid into him. “Easy, tiger.”
“You think so?” Dean looked down at himself, and when he raised his gaze again, Cas was sitting at the edge of the bed. “I dunno. It feels comfy, not gonna lie about that, but…” He sat beside his angel, sharing that same smile. “Ah, you know me, I’m more of a leather kind of guy. Questionable fashion choices? That’s your forte.”
“Wake up, lads!”
“Castiel Novak.” He shook Dean’s hand. “And no, I don’t think so. Pleasure to finally meet you.”
“Free.”
Dean’s rambling only ceased when Cas threw his arms around the merman. There was nothing holding him back anymore; no walls, no tasks, no immense pride or stubbornness. As soon as he felt Dean reciprocate the touch, Castiel began sobbing. The weight of every day without Dean, every moment he struggled, and what he almost lost, it all crashed into him. The lights vanished once more with the distressed sounds, but Cas didn’t care.
Dean’s challenging flame fizzled out when Cas hit him with a hard, sober stare. It was breathtaking, honestly, how far those blue diamond eyes could see into you, how much they knew, and how much they could figure out. Right then, those eyes had Dean’s soul stripped bare and pinned to the spot. For a moment, no one else was in the bar. There was no bar. Just him, Cas, and a wide ocean of possibilities all around them.
Dean chuckled once more and shook his head. Why not, indeed.
Dean smiled. “Yeah. A little brother named Sam. Well, not so little anymore. He stays in our school’s territory, I’m more free-roaming. We meet a few times a year, if circumstances allow it.”
Panic. Fear. Anger. The deck exploded with these primal emotions.
“We are familiar with him,” Castiel sighed. “Mary has raised issues with the boy before.”
“No. No, even before that night, I… Cas, I had been following your ship for a week beforehand. I would stay well below the water during the day, mostly hunting, but at night, I would be braver. I would come up to the surface and observe. Sometimes I'd catch you looking out over the edge, humming to yourself. That week saved me from a dark abyss with no light. You helped me, long before we both knew it."
Cas couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t even see Dean properly through all the tears in his eyes, which continued to escape. Not able to keep himself standing any longer, Cas fell to his knees, hugging himself tightly as he allowed himself to release a shuddering sob. Damn what Dean thought. Damn him entirely.
Once he was close enough, a swift blow to the back of the guard’s head, using the butt of the pistol, was enough to get rid of the security. Dean’s glowing green eyes immediately fixed themselves upon the source of the sound, but once he saw it was Castiel, the merman’s expression of wariness turned into one of surprise.
“Oh, I think it’s more than that,” Dean countered, leaning in further.
“You’re awake!”
“I do have fun.”
"Hey, Cas."
The scales were last to form, bringing increased feelings of excitement, relief, and fear. To be so close to the end of this unfamiliar journey, yet so far… neither male could keep their minds nor hearts still.
“Oh, come on!”
“Yes. Very much. I’ve missed you every second since you left.” Cas closed his eyes for a moment. “Since I drove you away. It haunted me.
The click of a pistol told Castiel it was too late.
A white-hot flash of pain. Liquid salt burning into his eyes, coating his lungs.
“Thank you. I feel good, I feel like myself, if you know what I mean.”
“I know. Would you like to talk about it now?”
“Dean-”
Cas laughed lightly. “Do you really think that of me?”
Cas glanced down, then back up. “I… didn’t think of myself as a priority. Besides, I’m used to it.”
“I can feel your eyes on me.”
But duty did not allow for free travel. Not in the way he would like.
“We’re going.”
“A perfect fit,” Cas commented, wiping away the tears.
“Showoff,” he chuckled.
The next time Sam walked into the room, he found his brother lying side by side with Cas, legs intertwined and arms wrapped comfortably around each other. A tiny movement had Dean nudging Cas’ face with his nose, and it made the corners of the angel’s upturn. Sam smiled. He may be a sassy ass at times, but the younger Winchester knew that in tender moments like this, it’s best to just leave them alone in peace. He was about to quietly leave when Dean’s hushed voice stopped him in his tracks. He was obviously addressing Cas, but Sam couldn’t help eavesdropping anyway.
“Gone. I made sure of it.”
“Considered- Cas, for the love of everything, you need better captains.”
There was a moment where everything was frozen on deck. Then, slowly, all eyes turned to the source of the surprising outburst: Castiel. The most unnerving gaze, though, was the captain’s. The navigator had seen that kind of look before. It was a hungry look, one that only a man lusting after gold would wear. He had seen it before, many times, and never dared to speak against it.
“They’ll heal. I’ll be fine.”
“I missed this,” Dean said. “Stargazing with you. Sometimes I would come up above the water, just to stare at the stars for hours. They remind me of you."
As if he were reading my mind, Dean ran his thumb over the silver wedding band on my left hand, and I, in turn, do the same to his matching one.
Dean forced out a laugh.
If only he knew how soon that change would apply to him.
“Papa!”
“I love you too, baby.”
The merman was still holding tightly onto Cas, rage still visible in his eyes as they gazed at the cavern entrance. At the sound of Castiel’s voice, however, his gaze became filled with anxiousness, worry, and relief.
Cas couldn’t ignore it any longer.
“None of this would have been possible without you, though. So thank you.” Cas pressed a kiss to Dean’s forehead. “I am eternally grateful.”
They met on a wonderful spring afternoon. Beautiful blue skies, wispy clouds, and the kind of chilly breeze you find at the tail end of rain.
He knew. Oh, how he knew.
“Anyone foolish enough to look the other way of the beautiful soul before them, has clearly lost their mind. I have lived more than a billion lives, Dean. Not once have I come across someone or something that makes me feel the same way as you. You are beautiful to me.”
Once again, thank you for noticing my work. I wish you all the best with life, and if it's not doing too good, then I hope you live to see it get better <3
A stunned pause.
Take care!
"Sorry if I'm interrupting," he says, settling down beside me. One of his arms wraps comfortably around my shoulders, and I lean into him.
As usual, sorry for any mistakes.
“Dean-”
“The least you could do?”
“Anyways, I used that magic to stop my own bleeding. I would have started healing, but then you dropped a few seconds later. There was blood coming from you. I… I panicked.” Dean looked down, then away. “Magic requires focus. It took all of mine just to keep you warm. Hell, I don’t even know how we made it this far.”
When Cas was deemed well enough to be sent back home, Dean was there every step of the way to ensure the angel was alright. At times it was annoying, being treated like a child; Cas would have to repeat himself several times, before Dean would begrudgingly accept that he could take care of himself. However, Cas had to admit that, on the whole, the extra help was welcomed. And needed. Very much needed.
Take care!
“Absolutely.” They matched with mirrored grins and scrunched up eyes, noses bumping together in playfulness. Dean managed to steal one more kiss before Cas rested his head on the merman’s chest.
Slowly, the angel turned his head to see Dean seated in one of the guest chairs, wiping the remains of sleep drool from his face.
"Almost lost," Dean corrected, which made Cas chuckle.
Sam rolled his eyes and, thankfully, decided to a nice little brother for once. As soon as he left the room, Dean sighed again then let his head fall back against the couch. The hunter felt movement on his lap a moment later, and when he looked down, he saw Cas attempt to stifle his laughter. Keyword being “attempt”.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
They’d found him.
“Avery pulled my hair, so I fought him.”
He wanted this dance to continue.
Spending most of his time in shallow water, wrapped in the colourful but slimy kelp, was the least of Cas’ struggles. At first it was resisting the urge to scratch his skin when the gills appeared, but then came the formation of his tail.
Why couldn’t he forget so easily? Simple. Cas’ bond with Dean had become so profound, he had never experienced anything like it. It was hard to imagine that he ever will. A love as deep as this… it tends to leave scars. Cas had come to terms with the fact that he may very well carry those scars for the rest of his life.
Castiel had to physically shake his head to clear away such thoughts. He could not afford them, not right now. Besides, he owed more to himself, at least.
“We almost were, asshole,” the merman snapped back. His voice… Castiel could only compare it to a storm; deep, rough, passionate, and most of all, dangerous.
"You mean, what do I think of you?" Cas replied, turning his head to Dean once more.
He was in love with Dean.
“I was thinking about what I would need to survive here. Food. Shelter. Drinkable water.” He looked over to the trees beyond. “If worse comes to worse, I will have to leave the cove, and I don’t want to because… because of a number of reasons.”
With a very convenient winking face.
He made it.
It was beautiful. Even in the near-darkness, Castiel could make out the vibrant green of its scaled tail, its fins, the webbing between each talon. Teeth as sharp as knives bared themselves to the pirates, while the eyes… oh, Castiel had never seen eyes glow so much in his life. They were bold, fierce, and promised danger.
Dean sighed. “Then make sure it’s not in front of you, Sammy. Duh.”
If they had been above water, there would have been tears of joy flowing down Cas’ cheeks.
“Cas!” The hunter laughed and shook his head. “I think you’ve had one too many drinks, buddy. How about we talk about this in the morning, hm?”
A pause. Maybe…
“Ha!” Dean took a victorious sip of his drink. “See? I told you I’d make it a pleasant experience.” He leaned in towards his friend. “Now how about we go see if we can make this night better by rounding up a couple of girls, hm? Decent hotel room, double beds, c’mon, what do you say?”
There was no smiling face at the shoreline. Perhaps the seabirds, if he were lucky.
"Not really, the process takes about a week."
“Dean, what do you- oh.”
Right now, he is the only thing keeping me sane enough to just… be.
“I am! Oh my… Dean, I made it. I made it, oh my gosh.”
Dean grinned, eyes twinkling as he took Cas’ hand. He led Cas out into deeper waters, into a new life and future together, where they truly belong.
“‘M alright,” the merman replied, his voice far too quiet for Castiel’s liking. “Just… tired… so tired.”
“Totally worth me bitching about the whole trip?”
“Come on, think of it this way. For once, you don’t have to rob an entire liquor store just to get drunk!”
“Can I please touch your hair?”
"Seriously, when are you going to stop thanking me?"
“Relax,” Dean would console him, kissing his knuckles. “They’re not coming back.”
“Wake up!”
It was one of
“No?” Chuck repeated.
Nights became longer, and sleep turned into a luxury, one Cas kept chasing. But it would not be caught. Dark circles formed under the eyes, while dark clouds stormed and grew within the chest. Whatever had previously blossomed inside was battered and bruised, over and over again.
“No, I- I want to.” Cas sat up straight and faced their husband. “I want to be human with you. One lifetime with you is more than a million lifetimes with Heaven “breathing down my neck,” as you so eloquently put it.”
To say Cas was confused would be an understatement. Chuck’s ship was now a small speck in the distance; there was no telling whether that was an indication of how much time had passed, or how far Dean had swum with Castiel in his arms. The waters were freezing, Cas knew this, but for some reason he wasn’t shivering. And his wound…
Even when invited in, Dean displays some caution in his actions.
“Caaaaaas?”
The doors to the captain's quarters opened, and light like hellfire bathed half the deck. Gabriel emerged first, a half empty bottle of rum still in his hand, though he looked far from intoxicated. Michael followed a few paces behind, and then emerged Captain Shurley himself. Castiel dared to glance over his shoulder, and saw the same panic in himself reflected in Dean’s eyes.
Kudos and comments are nice, but I do remind myself that they aren't everything.
Just as the panic began to set in once more, Dean emerged from the waters again. Relief washed over Cas, and he hugged Dean again. This time, there was no hesitation in the embrace being returned. It was only when they were so close that Cas could smell the metallic hints of blood.
“And you didn’t do anything about it?” Dean asked. A slight squeeze of Cas’ hand cautioned the hunter to keep his temper in check.
Both males leaned towards each other.
Unlike what they did with canon SPN.
Cas studied the male's face for a while. He noted how open and relaxed Dean's facial features were, how those green eyes held the promise of safety, of no judgement. His own eyes beheld the slight tilt of Dean's head, the absence of that tiny, almost permanent smirk. For once, Dean wasn't acting.
Not that he would leave Dean’s side anyway.
Dean did manage to take in the scenery as the hike continued. It wasn’t just the vibrant variety of greens and browns that filled him with a quiet awe; there was a deep freshness in the air as well. It filled Dean’s nose and lungs in a way that 40 odd years on the road never had. It was, for want of a better word, peaceful. Cas could sense it too. Not really anything to do with possible lingering grace, but he always had been more attuned to the moods of everyone and everything around him, especially Dean’s. Cas didn’t just feel calm, he felt happy. Happier than he had been in a long time.
Regretting his own tone, Dean finished dressing Cas’ back and moved in front of him.
The next words were probably the most honest that Castiel had ever uttered in his life.
“That sounds lovely, Dean.”
“And does that offer of me taking you apart still stand?” Cas asked when they eventually paused for breath.
He recognised that face behind the cafe counter. Of course, it was hard to forget such a sharp jawline and playful grin. Judging by the way that handsome face lit up with recognition, it seemed Castiel was not so easily forgotten, either.
“Well, if you want me to shut up and leave, I could-”
Dean’s expression was one of pure adoration, right before he kissed Cas’ forehead.
When Dean opened his bedroom door, he expected to find his headphones on the bed, right where he left it. What he didn’t expect to find was Castiel’s trench coat, draped neatly over the covers, as if it were expecting to be worn. Finding the coat in random places in the bunker wasn’t an issue; Cas had become so comfortable with the family that he often shed his outer layer of clothing, which had become his armour of sorts. This was the first time Dean had seen the coat in his room, and while it was just a piece of clothing, there was something that made the hunter hesitate.
“Do you remember me telling you about the physical change process some merfolk go through? The one I went through?”
It's a curse, really, having a ridiculously elongated lifespan. You remember everyone you ever cared for, everyone who ever left you. You remember those who you never got to say goodbye to, as well as the reason why they left. Yes, sometimes, I was the reason; in a lot of ways, that memory haunts me more than anything.
----------
Castiel would have wished to remain as steady as the sea, if he didn’t know that the sea is anything but steady. There was change, constantly, both above and below.
Even better, though, was hearing the words that were whispered back.
Dean dipped his face, an attempt to hide the smile that grew.
"I didn't mean-"
“I just do. If they’re smart, they’d know to stay away. If not, well…” Dean smirked. “Clearly they didn’t learn the first time.”
Dean barely got to finish what he was saying when Castiel did what he’s always wanted to do: grabbing Dean by the collar and kissing the living daylights out of him.
Those were the days when Dean would be leaning back in the shallow waters, a relaxed smile on his face as the water glitters around him.
Cas shook his head.
“Yes, and each tale is different. I’m curious to see what you come up with this time.”
Neither could let go of each other. Neither wanted to. It was a moment akin to a birth, and this was their celebration.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No.” And it was true. “It’s just a gut feeling. Probably nothing, but I thought it best to tell you.”
Dean allowed himself to raise his gaze, and was met with Castiel’s soft, deep sea eyes.
"When you stop saying or doing things I am grateful for."
“I am. I’m happy, Dean, this… this is more than I could have ever asked of you. Thank you.”
Once Castiel had fully dressed himself, he made his way over to Dean and accepted the fish. Perfect timing, as his stomach had begun to complain.
“Why did you do that?”
“I KNEW IT!”
Dean couldn't contain, or even accurately explain, the giddy feeling that was washing over him in that moment. This wasn’t real, no way was this real, but here he was. Here they were. Dean couldn’t stop the tears of joy forming in his eyes, but in all honesty, he didn’t want to stop them. This day… it was a dream come true.
“When are you going to let go of my hand?” Cas chuckled. He felt a pair of lips press against his hairline, as Dean placed a soft kiss onto his temple.
"Ok."
They let the final note of their conversation fade out, bringing in a new wave of content quietness. At first, Dean chose to focus his attention on their still-intertwined hands, which he noted fit perfectly together. However, something inside of the hunter compelled him to look up. He did, only to find Castiel already looking back. As soon as eyes of deep green met eyes of the brightest blue, it was as if the forests of the world met a speckled sky at the horizon. It was at that horizon that both men found a thousand words waiting for them, a thousand thoughts that either could not be spoken or fully formed. In that horizon, they found each other, whole, just as they have always done.
Castiel was the first to spring into action. Running up to the net, he pressed his fingers against one of the merman’s wounds with one hand, the other wrenching the talons off Raphael’s neck. The merman shrieked in pain, dropping the third mate in the process.
“I’m going to build a fire,” Castiel explained. “Somehow. You stay right here, keep yourself awake, I’ll see to your wounds.”
Cas couldn’t help but smile back. He noticed that the merman’s sharp teeth from the night before were gone, replaced with more human-like ones. It only added more questions to the ones already piling up.
“Merfolk have magical abilities. If you didn’t know that before, you do now.”
"I love you, Dean. I've loved you for a long time. But I knew you would never reciprocate, and I could never provide what you wished for in life, or needed. The only reason I would ask you to stay was because I…" Cas looked down, trying to steady his wobbling lip with a shuddering breath. "Because it hurt my heart and soul to live without you. Even then, I could never… would never… I refuse to cage you, Dean. I can't, I refuse."
“Of course I fucking came back, Cas. Fuck, I should have been there earlier, I came back after the storm, but I thought you didn’t want to… I didn’t know how to approach you. And when those assholes arrived, I was out hunting, I didn’t-”
The majority of Dean’s body was on the sand, with only the bright green tail fluke splashin in and out of the water. Some areas of his skin were more red than others, and had started to peel; an indicator of how bad his time on the sun-drenched was. The bruises were still present, but further along the healing process than before. Castiel reckoned that was a good thing, but still hated to see such ugly marks of pain on someone so beautiful.
The look of slack-jawed shock on Cas’ face sent Dean into a bout of laughter.
Everyone turned to face the small boy with the mullet, who stood on top of his chair, a huge grin on his face.
"Usually I would follow the same approach as you. Avoiding anything that reminded me of loss, or caused me pain. This was different. I wanted to forget that I couldn't see you anymore."
That earned him an eyeroll in return. As he pushed the library trolley away to sort out some new returns, Crowley threw one more quip over his shoulder.
“Don’t thank me just yet.”
“Seriously? You’ve just woken up from surgery, stitches, and blood loss, and that’s the thing you’re worried about?”
Dean was stunned, and even Cas had to admit he was speechless for a while.
“I began collecting shells while you were gone,” Cas said. “It was… a way to help me live. Small, but lovely. This is all that’s left of the collection.”
At that moment, Jo pops her head out from the doorway.
The pause that followed carried more weight and tension than the entire world.
“I love you too, Dean."
“Buddy check!” Ash announced, and suddenly, all of the kis held hands with their assigned buddies, even the 4th graders. Castiel couldn’t contain his smile, especially when his new husband grabbed his hand, held it up in the air, and shouted “I found my buddy!”
Granted, the lyrics weren’t the most soothing, but Cas wasn’t paying attention to the lyrics. It was the melody that calmed him, the same melody that was hummed to him above the crib, and as he was held in comforting arms. The same melody that soothed his aching heart, day after day, year after year.
“I know,” Dean whined back. “But do you have to go so fast? I was kinda hoping to admire the view. The actual view this time.”
Cas managed to shrug.
Also, sorry for any mistakes. Minimal to no editing.
“Of course, Cas. Of course I will. I always will, no matter how scared I am of you never forgiving me, or how damaging our last words are to each other. I don’t think I could stay away if I tried. You-” Dean opened his mouth, closed it, sighed, then shook his head. “You’re not just in my memories, Cas. You’re in my friggin’ heart. And I don’t need a mark to remind me of that anymore.”
Now both of them were a blushing mess.
"Do you ever get used to it?"
“But imagine if you did. Think about it, badass angel rocking up to someplace with these awesome scars on your body, and no one can figure out where they’re from. It’s perfect! Really adds to the whole dark, mysterious kind of mood.”
Why did he wish for a life that wasn’t his own, far below the surface?
“I know. We’ll deal with that when it happens, alright? And if it does happen, they won’t get anywhere near us.” A loving kiss was placed on Castiel’s forehead. “Trust me.”
Yes, he had Dean. But what more did he want beyond that?
“No.” It was the truth, and luckily, Dean could see it.
“I’m sorry.”
The newcomer cocked his head to one side, as if to better study the librarian in front of him. Not sure how it helped him ponder the question, but he seemed to have reached a conclusion nonetheless.
“No.”
“That’s understandable. I was a part of the party responsible. And, Dean, your anger is normal. It’s almost rational. Your life was shattered, and you were left with no help.”
“No, I’m not gonna allow my daughter to be reprimanded for something that’s someone else’s fault. This kid’s been a pain in Mary’s ass for ages, and none of you are listening to her?”
“Castiel Novak, but my friends call me Cas.”
Every night he asked himself what it was. And every night, the answer escaped him.
Castiel could be kind...
“Whole reason I moved here. Would have ended up at the big diner, but their standards are shit.”
Cas comes to terms with a few things.
“Fair point.”
A familiar pair of lips pecked his cheek.
“You haven’t seen my tail yet.”
Dean liften his head, letting his hand lower to the sand. Eyes locked, even with the fair bit of distance between them, the merman’s voice carried out clear as crystal. Each note was mesmerising, smooth and rough at the same time, and each word was uttered perfectly. It might have been the heat of the day, but Castiel swore the merman sang both to and for him.
“I had a late night,” Cas said as he settled in behind the library’s front desk. “The coffee at home decided to conveniently disappear.”
“Cas!” Dean whined.
Love y'all!
There was fear. There was fun.
Castiel lowered the bucket over the side of the ship. Let everyone watch. Let the captain question what he was doing; he could lie and say it was to prolong the use of the merman. He didn’t care. Once the bucket was full of seawater, he pulled it back up to the deck. Grabbing it with both hands, he then splashed the salt water all over the merman, happy to note the expression of pure relief at the gesture.
“While I understand your reasoning completely, believe me,” Cas said. “With all due respect-”
“Yes.” No. “I just need some time to think.”
That voice. God, Dean could have listened to him ramble on for hours. He shrugged.
“Oh, you didn’t mean anything? Well, that’s fantastic. Of course, you wouldn’t have thought that provoking me, or using me, or coming after me in the most infuriatingly subtle of ways would have had any meaning.”
Of course, neither man could go to sleep early that night. Castiel in particular kept tossing and turning, eventually resigning himself to staring up at the ceiling, a faint smile on his face.
We sit in silence for the longest time, and I admit, in that interval, I’m drawing as much comfort from Dean as I can. When my breathing becomes unstable, I close my eyes, and Dean uses that as his cue to run his hand up and down my arm. Part of me wonders what I would do without the human who taught me how to love, not just carry a heart. The human who caught me when I fell, and has continued to hold me ever since, despite our conflicts. Dean is someone I could never part with, even if I wanted to. I know the basis of our fight against the supernatural is the rejection of fate, but I can’t help but think that somehow, something with Dean feels right. Like I belong with him.
We also mourn, our grief often too great for words.
He just had to have a little faith.
The captain crossed his arms and leaned back against the wall. Though his posture was relaxed, there was something behind his eyes that calculated everything, at every moment. Castiel could feel the focus of that on himself.
“I’ll come back to you. I promise.”
“I see someone has a soft spot for the fish,” Chuck continued, absolutely unfazed. “I wonder… did it have a soft spot for you, too?
What did he value more?
"Of course I did. It's a miracle no one else noticed as well. You weren't exactly the most subtle."
“No, no, I’m fine. I’m not injured. In fact…” Dean pulled away from the embrace, a triumphant grin on his face. “I’m more than fine.”
Insert record scratch sound effect. Dean’s fingertips were about half an inch away from the bag. Sam pitching in on the “gift” could mean only two things; Dean was either gonna love it, or hate it.
And those were just the physical features. There was a whole other mystery to who Dean was, not just what he was.
Cas sighed.
Dreams do come true, after all.
“Oh.”
“There’s a whole cave system to one side of the island! An entrance to one of the smaller chambers is just out past the cove as well!”
“You're injured, too.”
In the wise words of Dean, "I will keep fighting. I'll keep swinging until I got nothing left."
onto the front desk. “I’ve been meaning to read this for a while. Nothing beats a classic.”
Castiel nodded.
“No no no, stay, I just remembered. There was this one summer when I spent some time living by a large gathering of sea urchins…”
“It was a whaling ship. They harpooned her instead of the calf they were chasing. We tried to get the whales to safety and…” Dean shook his head. “When I got back alone, my father cursed me, told me that if I was stronger I could have saved her. That… bastard had no love in his heart that wasn’t for my mother. I can’t go back home. Sam meets me as often as he can, tells me about his mate, says our father is nothing more than a shadow. I said it’s what he deserved. I was angry, Cas. I still am at so many things. At my father, at men, at myself. Hell, the first time we met, I was angry at you, as if you personally tied that net around me.”
That particular afternoon, Sam opted to stay inside and keep warm in front of his laptop, leaving Dean and Cas to wander around outside. Dean preferred the summer, but he couldn’t deny there was something calming about winter. Something… elegantly settling, much like the snowflakes around his eyes, but for the mind. A cold, clean slate for the year.
Dean almost couldn't believe what he was hearing. He hadn't meant to be so intimidating to Cas before the rivalry. Truth be told, Cas always had Dean's attention. The latter just could never bring himself to make the first move.
"Oh," Dean managed to say. "That-"
“Why didn’t you let me drown, Dean?” Silence. “Why didn’t you leave me?”
There was colour. There was light.
“That’s nice. Do you have a book in mind, or are you willing to accept a few recommendations?”
The sky was already lightening when they reached the island. Castiel must have dozed off twice on the journey there, but Dean made sure to wake him up each time. Staying awake was important.
Dean opened his mouth to respond to that remark, but nothing came out. He shook his head.
"Where's Benny?"
“It is, as clear as it can be. The cargo will be safe.” Their recent bounty from a merchant ship was, indeed, something to treasure.
Silence. A moment to absorb all the weight behind those simple words.
“I can’t wait to be human with you,” Cas murmured into Dean’s sweater.
"I used to tell my- those around me that it never weighed on my mind. That the blood could easily be washed off. But in truth? It hurts. Even after all these years. I had to do whatever it took to survive, but that never made it any easier. Just made me wonder what separated the man in front of the blade, and the man behind it."
Cas woke up to the stars, and a familiar body up against his back. The waves continued their lullaby, often with the occasional snore added in; it made the man chuckle.
“I love you, Dean. So, so much.”
Castiel wanted to believe him. He really did. The way Dean spoke, with such confidence, it would make anyone believe him. But there was doubt behind the merman’s eyes, Cas could see it.
“Of course. But I have to warn you, merfolk usually take a week to change fully, and the entire process is… well, kind of uncomfortable. I’m not sure how long it’ll take for you, or how, uh, uneasy you’ll feel. Stopping part way through could have its own complications, so I have to know… do you really want to do this? Is this an option you really want to pursue?”
It was the first time he had been wrong about a storm.
“Castiel. Where’s the merman?”
Castiel’s old crew hadn’t been sighted again since the day Dean drove them off. Sometimes Cas would catch himself glancing to the horizon, dreading the sight of that familiar ship, or any sailing vessel, really.
Then Castiel noticed the blood.
The other male pursed his lips, glancing back at the fire, then back to Dean.
The two men shared some light laughter, which did a lot to ease Castiel's nerves.
Take care, y'all!
“You’re the best.”
“You’re saying this is better?” The merman’s voice was dry now. Raspy. Not a good sign.
Ash frowned, his face plastered with confusion.
They say angels don’t have a heart, that warriors of heaven aren’t meant to love. I suppose, in a way, that was the original concept; powerfuls beings who live with the eternal duty of guarding all that was good and holy, and showing a better path to those who were neither. We were meant to be the shepherds of the Earth, of humans… unfeeling hands of light to help guide and mould and shape.
The man chuckled.
"Why? Just because I am a merman?"
At first they were too far away to cause any concern. Though the world lit up for a split second, the thunder that followed was faint. But then Castiel noticed that with each strike, the lightning came closer… and closer… and closer…
Confused, he looked around for whatever had caused them to let go, but all he saw were still bodies, crimson waters… and a flash of green.
"Tell me you don't mean it," Dean begged quietly. "Lie if you have to. Just tell me what you said isn't true."
The research process alone took roughly a week. His reasons for going away for so long were vague, but luckily Cas had enough trust in Dean to accept that. The merman added in a promise that he would be back, though whether successful or not, he couldn’t tell.
Another pause.
Dean insisted on staying with Cas at the hospital until he was discharged, despite both Cas and Sam protesting that he was going to be fine. Eventually, Sam relented and went back home to the bunker, taking Baby with him (“Wow, Dean, are you sure? Are you absolutely sure?”), leaving the other two in the hospital ward. Every moment Cas was awake, Dean was by his side, only leaving the angel for food or if the bathroom called. He would only sleep when Cas slept, although there have been a few instances when Castiel had awoken to find Dean deep in slumber. In one of those instances, the hunter’s head was resting on the bed, and it had taken Cas a tremendous amount of self restraint, solely to resist the urge to run his fingers through Dean’s hair. It wasn’t the first time that urge had shown itself.
“No. I just know you.”
“Jerk.”
Dean was on his back on the cold sand, talons behind his head as he gazed up at the stars. They used to gaze together. Cas, meanwhile, stared into the orange and gold flames, half wondering why they didn’t seem so vibrant anymore. The warmth was almost mocking.
Castiel had gathered more fuel for the fire, inspected his own wound, and found it to be tolerable. All his soaked clothing lay on the sand, waiting for the scorching sun, while Cas himself took to warming by the orange flames.
A phone number.
“This is gonna sound crazy,” Dean said, having finally removed all the bandages. “But I think these might scar over.”
It wasn't because of the wet clothing; those were taken off to dry, and Cas himself was as close to the lively fire as possible.
“Dean, I’m serious.”
A minute went by. Somewhere in another part of town, a green-eyed man just whispered to himself “fuck it.”
This time, Cas managed to chuckle, and it was genuine.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“I don’t expect you to be thankful but that was necessary. Whatever Raphael said to you was uncalled for, but killing the third mate of the ship would have been unforgivable. The captain doesn’t choose his closest in command on a whim.”
“Huh. I don’t know. If you mean the place I was born, then no, I wouldn’t go back. I don’t even think of it as home anymore. Actually, for me, home isn’t a place. Sammy feels like home. You feel like home. I guess I don’t really have to return anywhere.”
“Yes.” Dean’s eyes flicked down to his lover’s lips. “Do it again.”
“Like using my grace to heal you? Is that what you wanted to tell me back in the hospital?”
“No, sir, I’ve already checked in with him. Balthazar has never been wrong about the weather so far, and I would hate to doubt him now. It’s just… I have a bad feeling about this.”
----------
“Maybe not mine, but definitely yours. Let’s see how the sun treats you, shall we?” Chuck turned to the crew. “Keep him well above the water! Make sure there is one person guarding him at all times! Tomorrow, we set sail for the bounty of a lifetime!”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“You, my friend, are going to forget about all your worries, and join me on a good night out.”
“Yes,” Cas replied, raising an eyebrow. “You invited me to the same room. I assumed you and I would, uh, let’s say “mingle”, along with the girls.”
"Dean," I reply, patting the space on the bed beside me. "Come in."
“Yeah, I do. Big time. Name your price.”
The cold of the sea was setting in, and Castiel realised that whatever Dean had done to keep them him, it wasn’t working anymore.
“Whatever miracle kept us alive, I’m just glad that it was you,” Cas said, almost without thinking. It must have been either the sunburn or some other trick, but he swore Dean’s cheeks turned pink.
“Yes. Just admiring you.” Cas hesitated. “I… actually woke up from a dream.”
“Oh, I most certainly am.”
“Oh yes, you did mention that.”
They reached the summit in the early hours of the afternoon, warm sunlight mingling with a cool wind that quickly dried off their sweat. Below the couple, a valley dense with vegetation sprawled almost elegantly out, like a rich velvet carpet that had been carefully gathered. A ribbon of cool river water flowed in between the creases, shining wonderfully in the light.
Love y'all!
“May I remind you, Dean, that this hike was your idea.”
Dean didn’t get to finish his ramblings as an ecstatic, six feet angel crashed into him, sending them both laughing and sprawling on the floor. Cas wrapped their arms around Dean in a tight embrace, and the hunter gladly reciprocated the action.
Dammit. He knew.
It was a blur of blues and greens. Salt-stung eyes squinted against the water rushing past, then closed. Castiel buried his head in the crook of Dean’s neck, attempting to shield his face, and he felt Dean chuckle rather than heard it.
“If you think that’s bad, you should try their Sunday Steak special.”
It was a productive life, but dull. Despite being surrounded by colour, all he felt was grey. Despite getting so much done, he was never fulfilled. Castiel supposed that was how the rest of his life would be, a dull rhythm that was easy to follow, but at least he would be keeping himself alive.
Creaking wood and endless waves helped mask the careful footsteps. Weaving in between the snorers and sleeptalkers, Castiel slipped out of the sleeping quarters with ease.
It started off harmless enough. One would try and get Charlie's attention away from the other, constantly calling her name back and forth throughout the school day. It eventually led to them preparing fun dates for Charlie, without ever actually calling them "dates" to her face, of course. Behind her back, Dean would constantly taunt the other male, while Cas wasted no opportunity in bringing out any savage quips. They would constantly praise Charlie, gift things to her, spoil her beyond measure… and the entire school knew about it. A lot of students had even taken bets on what the outcome would be. Some bet on Cas, others on Dean, and some predicted another ending to the feud entirely.
This time, the sweet librarian had a partially curious smile on his face.
"Okay!"
“It’s always been an issue, we were just delaying the inevitable.”
“I was trying to save your life. A simple thank you would have sufficed.”
The sounds of cheers and hypes were filtering through the door, and suddenly Cas' nerves spiked again. What if it was Dean? Oh god, anyone but-
It’s funny how days can brighten up so quickly.
“Yes. What happened to your teeth?”
“It is. And you’re coming with me to see it.”
How wrong we all were.
---------
“That’s what you said last time.”
Neither of the men knew when the dancing had stopped, and truth be told, neither seemed to care.
"Say something, please. Anything."
Cas has finally found happiness in Dean's company. So what now?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
And as fate would have it, neither of them were alone anymore.
I'll see you again some other time :)
"I'm sorry," were the first words out of the angel's mouth. "I didn't want you to find out in case it made you uncomfortable. It really can't be helped, angels experience attraction just as frequently, and fiercely, as humans do."
"Yeah."
“You owe me,” Cas murmured.
Armed with a pistol and a knife, the navigator kept to the balls of his feet, tiptoeing and sneaking and ducking when needed. Yes, it was dark, but he’d rather not take any chances.
Smiling, the angel reached out with his other hand and cupped the other side of Dean’s face, brushing his thumb gently over the hunter’s full lips. Cas glanced up at Dean’s eyes, making sure once more that this was alright, before leaning in closer, ever closer…
“Are you calling me a liar, Winchester?” Cas tilted his head, that little bastard smile still on his face.
“Sir, you said it yourself, merfolk were almost gone, completely. If we release this one, it could mean we will find more in the future due to breeding.” Castiel Novak hated every single word coming out of his mouth, but he knew he had to try something.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Relief pierced Castiel’s heart.
Cas’ eyes softened, and a worried wrinkle appeared on his brow.
But if the world did not allow him kindness, then he would allow it for himself. Despite all he has done, he owed it to himself. It was needed.
Exhaustion prevented him from waking up to the quiet sniggers and jeers of men, but by then it was too late.
"Here!" From behind came the voice of a scrawny boy with a cap on, running towards the rest of the class. "Sorry, Mr Winchester, I was in the bathroom."
"I can't," Dean replied, closing his eyes. "But I know you. And that's enough for me."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Bread?” Dean asked incredulously.
“I don’t know,” I answer honestly. The candle flame is still there, flickering, dancing, bathing the room in half light and half shadow. It was soft, yet could be easily snuffed out, like the life that was suddenly ended on this night, all those years ago. “I know you need to sleep soon and I don’t, but could you stay with me?”
Charlie sighed and rolled her eyes.
“Then what-”
“You’re going to help me find the others, merman, whether you like it or not.”
Dean got a matching grin and a kiss on the lips for that.
"Not you, exactly." Cas rubbed the back of his head and looked away. "Part of the reason why I tried to upstage you in winning Charlie's affection, was because I had hoped you would notice what I did. I liked your attention, I still do, but at the same time, I'm afraid that you will see me as beneath you. In mainstream views, you are close to perfect, Dean. I was afraid that I would never be equal to you in your eyes. So I avoided rejection altogether by just… backing off."
“I’m sorry,” Cas apologised.
“Do you always concern yourself with Sam’s opinions? Especially with music?” Dean didn’t fail to notice the hint of amusement in Cas’ voice.
It was Castiel’s turn to nod. Dean was being genuine, that much he could tell.
Very minimal editing on this one, so I'm sorry for any mistakes.
“Oh! The little fish we caught saved you? Well isn’t that charming? Now, tell me, where is your saviour now? I miss having it on my ship.”
“Yes, honey?”
Castiel looked up from his work - which was the unnecessary task of weaving a basket - to see Dean grinning like a little boy.
In addition to that, Dean also made the wonderful mistake of buying four sets of fuzzy blue socks for Cas. It wouldn’t have made a difference, except the bunker had smooth wooden floors, and…
And maybe, there was hope.
It was a busier day than usual when it happened. Aside from weaving, fishing, and repurposing torn clothing, Castiel had also swum for far longer. Call it childish, but he absolutely refused to take any discarded shell if it didn’t feel right, if there was no spark. It took him so long to find one, and when he did, the shape of the shell took his breath away… almost literally. Opening his mouth would have been unfortunate, as he was underwater after all. Castiel held the precious object to his chest for a second, before pocketing it.
“I thought our path was clear of obstacles?”
Anyway, I hope you liked this chapter! It's not the best, but it was the best I could do.
“You two,” the angel replied. “Sometimes I find your bickering annoying. Other times I find it hilarious.”
That warmth was immediately replaced by sheer panic. Something must have gone wrong, what-
What was he to do now? With no crew to go back to, no port that would welcome him anymore, and no way off the island, Castiel could officially label himself as “stranded and stuck.” There was a chance his wound could become infected, as well, and all that awaited him was a slow, painful death in the future.
A kiss on my head. I can't help but smile. Dean always makes me smile.
After spending three years as Dean Winchester's roommate, you would think Castiel would have gotten over every tiny detail that made the male appealing to him.
“Yeah?”
“Isn’t it obvious?” the angel asked. Dean felt his throat close up, and he quickly looked down at his shoes.
There was no way out for Castiel.
Blah blah blah. It was the same opening speech Dean had heard a million times before, in all its variations, having been the reason for a few of those speeches himself. John was not pleased about that, and the habit quickly disappeared, but it was still boring to hear nonetheless.
“Right. So, our magic comes from the water, or rather, our connection to it. Take us out of the water, and we can’t use our magic. Leave us in the sun for hours like your friends did and, well…” Dean gestured to his own body. “It takes a bigger toll. We can’t do anything about it except hope we get back in the ocean.” He paused. “I never got to thank you for that, by the way.”
The angel chuckled, and began kissing his way down Dean's face.
(See the end of the chapter for
At the end of the day, all the classes were lined up to go into their respective buses, with their teachers supervising. Winchester used his trusty buddy system, as usual, and as soon as he was satisfied that all his kids were on board, he turned to joke about something to one of his colleagues, Miss Bradbury, a cheerful woman with a personality as bright as her red hair. As soon as the laughter died down, the green-eyed man felt a tiny tug on his shirt. He looked down, a welcoming smile already on his face, to find one of the more “weird” but smart kids of the class.
Dean chuckled. “You’re getting too good at reading people.”
Not waiting for Cas to reply or agree, Charlie nodded and hugged the two males.
“What are you going to tell Sam?” Castiel asked.
Each shush of the early waves was accompanied by gentle “good morning”’s, and at the end of the day, equally gentle “good night”’s. Small kisses were passed with more ease than names, with tender touches not too far off. There was a hope in their shared stories, and in their voices. Life, it seemed, had decided to be kind. It bore a gratitude that would last for an eternity.
Confusion overcame Dean’s face.
Granted, Cas was indeed taller than his employer, but it still sounded odd. As for the cup… oh. There was something scrawled on the side that Cas hadn’t noticed before.
The two sat in silence for a while, foreheads pressed together as they enjoyed each other’s company, and the potential of what’s to come. For once, the future wasn’t so terrifying. In fact, for the first time in years, it was welcomed.
Meanwhile, Dean continues to show his appreciation.
“I was just curious. Sorry.”
“That’s a shame. Looks like someone fancied you this morning, at least.”
"I love you too, Cas."
It was a bittersweet departure, one that shouldn’t have affected him so much.
“That’s better. You would not believe what I had to do to get this fish, it was almost faster than me!” Dean grinned. “Almost.”
“And would a liar ask you,” Cas said, slowly, deliberately, “that if we were completely sober, would we still do this?”
“What happened?”
“But Mr, you gotta keep safe too, don’t you?”
"I'm sorry," Cas whispered into the night, his useless apology carrying over waters he dared not touch. "I am so, so sorry."
"Because I was worried about you. I couldn't stop thinking about you. Every time I wanted to forget all the moments we spent together, they just hit me harder. I couldn't outrun you, no matter how damn hard I tried-" Dean's voice began to break, and tears formed in his eyes. "The day the storm hit, I was terrified that something had happened to you. And that moment I realised, I didn't care if I forgave you or not, I just wanted you to be safe. You… you made me happy, Cas. Happier than I'd been in years." Dean shook his head. "Why would you take that away?"
“Alright, let me have a look at you,” Cas said as he knelt beside the merman.
Shit.
“I don’t need to. You already are. Always have been.”
“I know what you’re going to say. You chose this.”
Pain burnt its way through Cas’ body, making him double over. He could feel the warm blood trickling over skin, seeping into the cloth surrounding it. He could feel each heartbeat, louder, faster. He could hear Chuck stepping closer.
“You’re late.”
"I prefer trusting. Less dumb, less ass."
“Dean?”
There was something about it that Cas could not explain. Why did he desperately wish to be where Dean had gone, through coral reefs and the blue abyss? Why did he wake up from memories that weren’t his own?
“Help me! Help me!”
“Take a wild guess, honey.”
When no response came from the merman soon after, Castiel glanced over to make sure he hadn’t left (or that the wrong words hadn’t been said). Instead, he found Dean sitting in the surf, a mixture of wonder, shock, and contemplation on his face. It made Cas feel something he could only describe as mellow pride.
"Then why did you come back?" Cas asked. It took a long time for Dean to respond.
“My mother is dead, too.”
“Your ass.”
“Yes, well, I’m not that good at following directions.”
“I feel the same,” Cas replied just as quietly. He ran his knuckles down the side of Dean’s face. “But now we can. You have the rest of my days, Dean.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“I can’t thank you if you’re dead.”
haunted me, in the sense that I only found comfort in the ghost of you, and your memory. You were my peace, Dean. My joy. When you left… I felt incomplete.”
Cas had to remind himself that it wasn’t his first priority.
Gabriel and Raphael, second and third mates of the ship respectively, were both keeping a close watch on the merman, despite neither of them being on watch duty. Castiel was close enough to catch them whispering to each other, no doubt about their “prize”. Gabriel, however, was shaking his head. Whatever Raphael was saying, it was clearly trouble. Soon, the third mate broke away from the conversation, and somehow persuaded the crewmate keeping watch to take a break. Then, foolishly, Raphael stepped closer to the fishnet than was deemed safe, leaning in to whisper something to the merman.
"You're most welcome. Sam helped me pick it out for you."
“Hey!”
Dean blinked in surprise at Cas’ sudden boldness. He was speechless for a good moment, but then got his act together.
“Sorry,” Cas said sheepishly, stopping so that Dean could catch up. Even as a human (again), Cas still had some of his former strength, and intended to maintain it. Dean, not so much. After announcing his semi-retirement, he was more than happy letting some of the junk food show. With Sam and Eileen running the hunting circles now, it was easier for the eldest Winchester to relax a bit more. In Cas’ words, it made him more huggable, which was a big win.
Another chuckle for the day, this time shared by the both of them.
“You may be attractive and nice, Dean, but I doubt your romantic advances are that good.” Cas drained the last of his alcohol, but over the lip of the glass, Dean could see the smirk on Castiel’s lips. Maybe it was the alcohol, maybe not, but the hunter grinned back, a challenge slowly kindling within him.
"Maybe the difference was a reason. Maybe… maybe fighting for your own life made you better than someone who fought to spread ruin and rage. You're not heartless, Cas. In fact, I think that heart saved you from becoming a monster like them."
Dean’s entire face lit up like a red traffic light.
“Whale. Shit.” Dean sat up, his eyes absolutely boring into Castiel. “I’m not sure whether you know it or not, but you’ve been pushing me away. You’ve been sending me out, I barely see you anymore, hell, I can’t even talk to you anymore!”
"Goodbye, Dean."
“Well forgive me for being curious, and trying to distract myself from the pain.”
Family is complicated, no doubt about that. And no matter how you may have felt about them, once they're gone, you can't help but miss them, in some way. Of course, some families are too cruel to ever miss. I should know. The Winchesters know it, too. This time, however, I have a good reason to miss the one I mourn.
Dean wanted to celebrate their second anniversary together with something a little different. They had already been on several picnics, both in parks and on the beach, so that was off the list of ideas. However, both of them agreed on something outside of the bunker, as celebrating with a movie and snuggles would just be another Friday night for them.
Dean dared to look up, just to catch a glimpse of Cas' huge, gorgeous smile. Cue the internal screaming.
“I’m not sure. All I know is that I was home.”
“Oh, don’t be like that, I only want to make small talk. It’s not as if you have anything better to do than to answer me, anyway. Now, one last time… how did you survive?”
It made Castiel all the more protective.
“They do,” Dean agreed. The two whispered as to not disturb the light too much. “Have you never seen them before?”
Maybe being an idiot is not such a bad thing. Not when it leads to something so wonderful.
They reminded him of eyes that were unforgettable.
“I thought you were only using your magic to keep me warm.”
That one simple question changed Dean’s perspective entirely, and it brought him hope. Maybe there was a way that Cas’ dreams didn’t have to remain just dreams.
“To honour your name. To honour you, no matter what the future held.”
Mr Winchester blinked.
What did wake Castiel up was the hard kick of a boot at his back, and the cocking of a pistol.
<<<<<<<<<<*>>>>>>>>>>
The handsome newcomer reared his head back and laughed, as if Castiel had told him the funniest joke in the world. How was it that sunshine was able to be encapsulated into one sound?
Silence eventually fell over them like a comfortable blanket. Cas shifted upwards so that his head could rest on Dean’s shoulder; it didn’t take long for him to turn on his side, facing his love as Dean wrapped his arms around the man. Cas knew right then, he was home.
“What-” Castiel began, but was quietly cut off by Dean.
More silence from Cas.
"Actually," Charlie cut in. "I said yes to both of you."
Dean pulled away the rest of the wrappings with newfound joy, as the both watched the scales shimmer in the sunlight. Cas’ tail fluke unfurled like a patch of cloudless sky, so bright and vivid.
Novak turned away from his 4th grade class, and flashed his signature smile at the kids, plus the bumbling adult they were dragging behind.
“Alright, come here.”
Cas sniffled. “How could I have told you anything?”
The man’s teeth began chattering long before the first lightning strike.
“Hey,” Sam greeted him. “I didn’t know you were awake. How you feeling?”
“Yes,” Dean cut in, laughing through the tears. “This whole time.”
Neither of them could contain their laughter. Shaking his head, Dean got up off his knee and embraced his love in a big, tight hug.
The door to the room clicked open, and in an instant, Dean had put some distance between himself and the angel, including letting go of his hand. Cas secretly lamented the lost touch, but had to put it aside as Sam walked into the room, a nurse appearing right behind him.
"Oh?"
The rivalry peaked when prom season came around. Though neither male cared for an audience to their "promposal", they each came up with their own ways of grandly asking Charlie out to the dance. Dean had presented her with a classic bouquet of red roses at the end of the day, and while Cas couldn't deliver his promposal in person, the boy made sure that his ornate, handwritten letter made its way to her anyway. Charlie, of course, said yes to both boys… a fact that was unknown by either of them until prom night itself.
“No, I made sure. Why do you ask?”
"You really think I would have been caged if I stayed? Cas, you’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me. You made me feel more free than I had been in years, and not- not in the sense that I could go everywhere in the world with you, but… you helped me out of some dark places within that I never even knew I was in. As for all the whale shit about not being able to provide anything, you have already given me so much. All the time we spent together, all you showed me, shared with me, they were
“Uh…” Cas glanced at Dean, who shrugged. “Yes, he is. Do you need him now?”
Instead of sun, they chose snow, and instead of some resort by a beach, they chose a simple log cabin on a mountain. High above in the wintery landscape, they would see the stark white valley down below, could see the wind kicking up the fresh powder from time to time. It was freezing, bitingly so, but that didn’t deter them.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Castiel knew he shouldn’t be so attached to the merman. It wasn’t a matter of “I can survive well enough on my own,” rather, he knew he would have to in the end. Dean’s sunburn was gone; he was back at full strength. There was only one small thread tying the merman to this cove, and Cas knew it wasn’t going to be enough. That thread was bound to break.
“They’re not made up stories, you know.”
The realisation didn’t hit Dean like a truck as he began to sing along. Not anymore. No, he had accepted the fact years ago; he owed it to himself to let go of the denial. It was another secret, another reason to smile, another reason to grieve.
“No. I made sure of that, too.”
“No, no… in all my years, I never… It must have been all the noise we made.” Cas reached out with one hand, pretending as if he were able to touch the light, so far above him. “They’re beautiful.”
So he would give himself what others could not.
Silence fell between them, broken only by the occasional wave and birdcry. Cas took the opportunity to begin on the shelter, in the hopes of finishing it before nightfall. If nothing else, then at least a cover to ward off some of the cold. The fact that he survived the first night, even with a fire, was a miracle. Dean provided more fish to ward off the hunger, but dehydration was setting in. He would have to look for fresh water, and soon. Perhaps the next day. It was a risk, delaying the search for basic needs, but with so many tasks needed to be completed, one can only do so much. Especially when carrying an injury that is still healing, albeit quickly.
I loved being around you. I loved talking with you, laughing with you, listening to you, I loved you.” Dean reached out and once again held one of Cas’ hands. “I still do. So don’t you dare give me that crap about it not being reciprocated. It is… it always has been.”
“Cas, look at me.”
“What do you mean, finally?”
“Is this about my freedom again?” Dean asked.
“I will,” Cas replied, snuggling up to their husband. “In a minute.”
No. That was one possibility Dean would never allow himself to think about. Cas will make it through this without any problems.
What's done is done, though. You cannot change the past, not truly. You can only move forward carrying the greatest burden of them all: loss.
“I forgive you. Of course I forgive you.”
“If we like it.”
A fire was made anyway, but only just before nightfall.
The first appearance was accompanied by Castiel’s soft gasp. As more and more revealed themselves, Cas found himself to be a small child again, gazing up at the wonders of the world.
“Yeah, I’m real. I’m real, I’m right here.”
Love y'all! Take care <3
“I love you too, Dean.”
“Would you ever go back?”
“Son of a b-”
That earned him a scowl and another punch. Even after all that time, the talon marks from Raphael and Dean’s first meeting were clear as day. Merfolk wounds may close, but the marks of each unfortunate encounter will remain for life; a minor curse.
“Cas-”
Taking a day off from any hunting activities was a decision well out of the boys’ hands. With all the roads in town snowed in or iced over, driving back home could prove fatal, so they decided to stay at their current motel for a few days longer. Of course, that didn’t mean days of being stuck inside and serious all the time. Sam and Dean have already had three snowball fights, built one snow fort, made countless snow angels (much to Castiel’s unamusement), and have tortured their fingers with frostbite. These antics have sent them shivering inside every time, despite the many layers of clothing, but it was worth it.
“Castiel? What are you doing here?” Dean hissed. Damn it, his voice was barely audible. The sun had done a lot of damage to the rest of him, too; the sunburnt skin was a testament to that.
His. Own. Magic.
There was so much to do, so much to take back, so much ahead. It was overwhelming, and Castiel’s mind running around it all didn’t help. Too much, too tired, weighed down, overwhelmed. When was the last time he slept? Normally, Castiel would have been able to erase such exhaustion, first with the help of his mother, then with all of Captain Shurley’s crew having each other’s backs. If nothing else, then duty kept the figurative tidal waves at bay. But there was no one else anymore. No family, no crew, no friend nor almost lover.
What followed was a wave of claps and cheers as Dean promptly dipped Castiel and kissed him with all the love in his heart (though some of the kids thought that was gross).
“They’ll kill you for this,” said Dean.
“Will there be maple syrup?”
“Dean, even with my almost nonexistent grace, I am still unable to have scars.”
“Don’t tell me- does Sam get one too?”
Cas, being so touched by the gesture, found it very hard to say no. Accepting his drink with as much grace as he could muster, he thanked Dean -
“Just open it. It’s nothing bad, Sam and I just thought that since you bought me this wonderful gift,” Cas picked at the shoulder of his pyjama top, “perhaps we should return the favour. That’s all.”
Castiel believed. Hell, he knew. He just hoped that minor sightings were the extent of it.
Dean winked.
What a pair of idiots.
“Always a little afraid of going outside the norm, or what is normal for you. Despite many reassurances, some part of you is always on the defensive.”
“Eat first. Then we’ll talk.”
"Oh, wow." Dean readily approached the bag. "Thanks, Cas."
“Fine. Thank you. I appreciate this, I really do.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Your transition, yes.”
“Yes,” Cas replied. “Yes. I love it, I love you, I love the idea of settling down with you, I love you.”
"What reasons?"
The hunter jumped, the spatula in his hand nearly used as an impulsive weapon. Well, almost no Cas.
But that line blurred most when Dean simply called him “Cas.”
“If I may be so bold,” the angel began, “you could never have gotten rid of me that easily. Just as I can never get rid of you. You are in my memories, and my most intimate circle, just as I am in yours. Yes, we may end up conflicting on all sorts of fronts, but I’ll always come back to you. Always. Just as I keep hoping that you will eventually return to me.”
It was a Friday, too, which meant Kid’s Reading Hour at the local library. The librarians would take turns participating in weekly tradition, choosing one story to read to the bright-eyed school children. That particular day just happened to be Castiel’s turn.
"And… in non-mainstream views?" Dean asked.
“Why? You got trouble with yours?”
“Yes, yes, she has made many complaints to her teachers as well, I am aware of that.”
Said merman also had a human slam into him not soon after.
That earned Castiel a raised eyebrow and smirk, and oh my, that redness in his cheeks was starting to become more prominent.
With the weight off of him, Cas lifted his head, gasping in the much needed air. A second longer, and his lungs would have been filled with water instead.
"Oh, radio. I thought, y’know, since Sammy’s not around, I thought I’d listen to something different.” Dean didn’t have the heart to tell him that this particular radio station only played love songs. How ironic.
"Alright, Cassie, you're up!" Charlie's voice pipes up through the collective laughter of everyone in the group, cutting through Cas' thoughts. Charlie was practically heading the game. How she played it was that each person would go into the closet one by one, and their partner would be picked by the person who rolled the highest number on a pair of dice. Sounds simple, right?
Captain Shurley’s voice boomed across the deck, and in an instant, the crowd parted to let him through. Thankfully, Castiel was already off to one side, because he didn’t have the strength to move.
“Scared the crap out of me, dammit,” Dean huffed, but there was no edge to his tone. More of a surprised laugh, really.
“Can I ask you something?” Dean’s question came in the form of a low, shy whisper, just as the stars were beginning to appear in the sky. Luckily by that time, Cas’ shelter was finished, which gave him time to rest.
They arrived at the school hall five minutes into the start of the prom (Dean being fashionably late, as always). He parked the car, opened the passenger door, and was escorting Charlie to the front steps when a confused, yet very familiar voice spoke up behind them.
"Can I ask you something?" Dean spoke up, jolting Cas out of his thoughts. "What goes on in the closet stays in the closet, right?"
Seeing Dean's expression, Cas sighed and softened his voice. "I'm sure she's fine. You did teach her how to defend herself, to the best of both your abilities."
“How do you know?” Cas asked back once.
"Maybe we can work on the labels later," Cas suggested as he was uprighted.
“I know what you mean. Very soon, time doesn’t matter, and you are living the story rather than just reading it.”
Cas, who caught Dean's eye from the moment the merman saw him, leaning over the deck of the wooden ship, staring out with longing.
“You’re not nothing to me. And we’re not all the same, as I’m sure not all merfolk are the same.” A pause. “My name is Castiel Novak.”
“Try that again, and I’ll give you something uglier,” Raphael sneered. It was clear by the obvious delight that he had wanted to do that for a while.
Uh, I can't guarantee there won't be any more angst after this, because honestly, I make it up as I go along, BUT, I will try to make it more lighthearted in the next chapter.
“I chose this, and I will endure this in its entirety. I don’t want to risk anything worse if we stop now.”
“Is it working?”
“Seems a bit redundant to ask now,” Cas choked out, his voice thick with emotion. “But yes, I will marry you, Dean Winchester. A thousand times yes.”
“Like you said,” the angel replied, “let’s talk about this in the morning.”
Dean smirked, going back to petting Cas’ hair. Dammit, Cas didn’t even have to wash his hair by conventional means, and yet he managed to keep the dark strands so soft. It smelled nice, too. Normally Dean would hate waking up with hair near his nose, but now he couldn’t help breathe in that subtle wildflower scent every morning. Was it weird? It probably was. Dean didn’t care, everyone could go suck it, in his opinion.
“Maybe I could be, maybe I couldn’t be.” The angel took a decent swig of his drink. “Depends on how skilled you are.”
“What? No, Dean, I-”
“Yes, I suppose not wearing my usual coat and hat does come at a surprise,” Chuck replied. “What I find more astonishing, however, is how you managed to survive. If I recall correctly, you were shot and threw yourself overboard, and yet here you are. Without a wound.” Shurley crouched in front of Castiel, close enough that both men could study the details of each other’s face.
(See the end of the chapter for
Captain Shurley hummed in thought, before pushing himself off the wall. Despite the swaying of the ship, he managed to move as if the ground were perfectly still.
“Mhm.”
"Damn," was all he could say, and it made Cas chuckle.
No time like the present to ask.
They arrived at the school with both their stomachs in a twist. Walking into the principal's office and sitting in one of the guest chairs, Dean forced himself to put on a mask of calmness. In reality, his heart was beating so hard he was surprised nobody could hear it. Cas held Dean's hand under the table, a form of comfort for the anxious man.
Dean was sure he had the entire bunker to himself. No Sammy around to bother him, no Jack to constantly check up on, and no Cas-
"Cas?"
No one could make out the words, but whatever was said, it cut deep. The merman lashed out, one taloned hand clamping itself tight around Raphael’s throat, a harsh and shrill snarl ripping its way through the air.
“And I, you.” The man sighed in content. “Tell me about life in the waters.”
Luckily for Castiel, there was a small cafe just across the street from where he worked. He didn’t visit it often, just enough to know that they make the best cinnamon lattes. Perhaps he could allow himself a little treat that morning, a… reward for running out of coffee? Sure, why not?
"I don't-"
Dean reassured him time and again that it wouldn’t become infected, even so, the healing process was a pain. Carrying more than a certain amount of weight ended up with Cas leaning against a tree trunk, sweating, panting, groaning against the sharp ache.
The gravel of Cas’ voice roughened the melody, so much so that he debated staying silent, but he kept going.
“I sent the head of their captain as a warning. They’re leaving as we speak. Cas, I’m sorry, I know you looked up to him for a time, but-”
As soon as his finger pressed on the send button, he began to worry. What if that was stupid? It probably did sound stupid. Who says that in the first text? He probably doesn’t-
----------
“Oh. I’m sorry.” Dean paused. “Can I see it?”
If this was hell, then Castiel supposed his punishment was to relive his failure over and over again. Every element of his last conversation with Dean creeped around his mind, like vines over an abandoned house. Sometimes they would creep a little more than usual, leaving Cas paralysed in the middle of a task, his eyes open but unseeing.
The newcomer chuckled. Was it odd to think of it as a nice sound?
“Yes?”
“Aw, that’s not good. What happened?”
“Nothing’s going on-”
Before Chuck Shurley’s sword pierced Castiel’s back.
“DAMMIT, SAM!”
Glancing over at the love of his life, Dean wondered if Cas would even like the other thing he had planned in the first place. He tried convincing himself that whatever the outcome will be, as long as they were together, it didn’t matter, but… to say it didn’t hold some weight for him would be a lie. And Dean was done lying so much a long time ago.
That was the other thing. No matter what, Dean always felt himself a level (or few) below Cas. Whatever he did, the hunter could not match up the strength, power, divinity, and sheer beauty that was Cas. And yes, to Dean, Cas was beautiful, probably the most beautiful person, or being, he had ever come across, and not just in looks. The way the angel held himself, his willpower, his min and heart… Dean felt himself to be tainted beside that. It was almost an everyday struggle just to stand on the same ground as Cas, and not be in awe. How could Dean ever hope to match up to that?
“Enough to make me question.”
“You don’t have to thank me for anything, Cas.”
“Not as much as you have been checking out my arms the entire time my coat has been off.”
There was barely anything left on the shore for him. Anything that wasn’t taken was destroyed, torn and stomped to unsalvageable pieces. For a while, Cas just sat there in the sand, unable to act or think as he held some of the remains.
“Me neither. Still tying up loose ends?”
"No, no I wasn't, that was… wow. I don't know what to say."
Shocked, Cas lifted his gaze, only to meet Dean's. There was a slight smile on the merman's face, which only confused Cas more.
There was another pause, broken only by a short sniffle from the merman.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"I think you already know him," Cas whispered back, leaning in, an open invitation on his lips that Dean was more than willing to accept-
Cas blinked in surprise.
“Whale shit. Talk to me.”
“Cas?”
“Huh?” Dean frowned up at Cas.
“No.”
“No, sorry, I don’t. But, you know, that’s not such a bad thing, because teachers don’t need buddies. Our job is to make sure everyone else has a buddy so that you guys are safe."
Castiel never anticipated things could change so quickly. Or drastically.
"Goodbye, Dean."
Take care!
The little boy with the mullet blinked his wide eyes.
Or maybe it was just Cas.
“What’s going on here?!”
“I’m not sure.”
They stayed in that cavern for what seemed like hours. By the time they emerged, the sun was well beyond its peak, almost ready to dip into the golden hours of the day. A beautiful contrast to the living stars they spent so much time admiring.
“Cas, stay with me, buddy.”
The green eyed male knew what love was, in all its forms. Fear is part of it for him, no doubt, especially with the kind of dangerous lifestyle he was living. Fear of losing your loved one, fear of endangering them, fear of becoming something they have to destroy, or vice versa. It’s all a maddening thought process that Dean hadn’t been able to get rid of… until recently.
Dean was back. His love was here. And they were safe.
Love y'all!
Despite Chuck’s reputation, however, Castiel found himself grateful for the man, and forever in his debt.
No one dared to argue. The navigator rarely took command, but when he did, everyone else was quick to learn not to question him. There was a certain power that emanated from Castiel in those moments, and not even Captain Shurley could quite put his finger on what it was.
“I’ll tell you later,” Dean cut in. “Right now, I’m just glad you’re alive.”
Cas prayed that no one else had to endure the slow agony of their bone structure changing, and their flesh stitching itself together in unfamiliar ways. The only relief from that was sleep, which refused to come easily.
It took all of Michael, Gabriel, and Raphael’s strengths to lift Castiel and drag him towards the water. It was a cruel twist of fate, one the man would not accept willingly. Fighting against such fit people, when Cas was in such terrible health himself, bore no fruit for him.
“Right.”
“And you have mine.”
A beat passed.
Sleep evaded Cas for most of the night.
“Splashing around and talking to me isn’t fun.”
Cas inhaled sharply. What emotions the reaction held, even he had no idea.
"We don't have to do anything, right?" Dean asked nonchalantly, leaning back against the opposite wall with his arms crossed.
So if nothing else in this world is allowing you to be happy, or free, or if you can't take a break, then at least be kind to yourself. Like a best friend that lives with you, always. Tell yourself that even if it may not be ok, there is still a chance that it will be better, and that you are more than capable of seeing the next day. It may not take all the pain away, but it does help.
“I forgot you can’t see that well underwater,” the merman said, amused. His voice was somehow clearer below the surface than above it. “Especially at high speeds. Don’t worry, we’re almost there, trust me.”
Castiel Novak was saved.
This time, the angel laughed with his entire being. He clutched his stomach, shoulders shaking as the joyous sounds escaped the angel’s mouth. Listening to that sound, watching how beautiful Cas looked because of it, made Dean’s heart melt. All his annoyance and embarrassment vanished, replaced with a tingling heat blooming in his chest.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“You know,” Dean continued slowly, licking his bottom lip. “If it’s bothering you that much, maybe you should take a break instead. Get on top of someone instead of something.”
Pistol fire rang out in the morning air, but luckily, every shot was dodged. One pirate tried to fire upon Cas, using him as bait, but Cas was pulled out of harm’s way. Familiar arms wrapped around him in a familiar embrace.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Hey!”
Dean took one final step towards the angel, gently brushing his knuckles against Cas' cheek. When Cas closed his eyes and leaned into the touch, Dean cupped his face with both hands, and was met with those azure stars again.
Dean spent a few moments studying his lover’s face, before nodding. Cas lay back down, this time with protective arms around him. As Dean continued the story, Cas found his mind in two places.
The crew cheered. Some threw their hats, some clapped, some stomped their boots.
“This. Us. You and me, rallying a figurative tennis ball, exchanging flirtations. I know you, Dean. Why now?”
“Maybe next time we should try to use a more subtle solution,” Cas suggested, coming up behind Dean.
“Hey,” Dean whispered. “How’re you feeling?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean cracked open one eye.
“Don’t be sorry, be careful. Next time you’re faced with that kinda choice, you save yourself, got it?”
Castiel tilted his head.
"And I'm bi as FUCK!" Dean announced as he grabbed Castiel, dipped him, and kissed him fully right then and there, in front of everyone. Among Sam's shouts of "Get a room!" was Cas' unbridled laughter.
“Ass.”
Dean pushed himself back into the waves until he was fully submerged, then he disappeared. By the time Cas had managed to wade until the water was up to his waist, the merman flipped like a dolphin out of the surf.
It's a little shorter than I would have liked, but I think that was for the best. Hopefully the next chapter will have a lot more content.
"Later." Cas placed kisses along Dean's neck, each one pressed just a little bit harder against the skin than the last. "The case can wait."
The wind picked up outside, howling like a pack of wolves in the distance, kicking at the wood of the cabin. That didn’t disrupt the atmosphere within, or the whispered conversations shared between two hearts:
Dean’s gaze stayed on the shell in his hands. Neither male could look at each other.
“Are most of your customers younger people?”
If only younger Dean could see him now.
Don't worry! Cas isn't dead! He's very much alive!
“Damn, you really know how to make a guy feel special. And speaking of special, here’s your drink.”
Castiel supposed that was fair, even if it did still perplex him. He knew Dean was right about needing land, though. Neither of them would survive in this state for long.
“He didn’t,” Castiel grunted.
“I didn’t know you worked here,” Castiel replied, trying his best to hide the tinge of red on his cheeks. It had been two days, they had only met once, and yet, the interest never faded.
The words slipped out of Dean’s mouth, as easy as breathing. They cause Cas to open his eyes, and for a moment, a starry ocean touches a forest of mists in an intangible embrace.
"I'm not sure."
“You let me grow a beard as well.”
There was always something about finding a case closer to home that made the boys sigh in relief. Yes, having a monster nearby wasn't ideal, but on the other hand, there's no need for long road trips. No need to check into a motel, no need to scout the area to find potential exits, no need to form escape plans before actually digging into the case at hand. Everything was within easy reach. Everything was as familiar as the routine of the hunt.
Cas didn't even have time to turn around when the merman disappeared into the water. He called Dean's name once, twice, hoping there would be some sort of response, but there was none. It worked. He was all alone again.
Castiel crossed his arms.
“My heart is pierced by Cupid… I disdain all glittering gold… There is nothing can console me… But my jolly sailor bold…”
Cas happily obliged, kissing Dean properly, pouring all his love into it. Was it perfect? No, far from it. But when Dean held Cas’ face so tenderly, and when Cas settled his hands on Dean’s waist where skin met scales, every second of their shared love was like heaven.
Cas chuckled.
“We’re going to be rich!”
Dean stormed out of the office without another word, already vowing to let Mary eat as much ice cream as she wanted when they got home. As soon as he got into the reception room, however, all of Dean’s worries melted away as he was attack-hugged by a flurry of blonde hair and bright smiles.
“How does it feel?” Dean asked. He watched as Cas lifted his new azure tail out of the water, wiggling it almost like a finger. The pure, happy smile on Cas’ face said it all.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“I don’t know what to do,” Cas replied, almost too quiet to hear. “I don’t know where to go from here. I am more lost now than I was when I left the crew. I… What do I do, Dean?”
“I don’t know,” Cas whispered. “But as soon as I do, I will let you know. There’s something I have to… figure out, first.”
Silence stretched between them. It was Dean who broke it first.
The station changed the song again, and this time, it was one Dean knew well. Mainly because he’s watched the movie it came from, twice. Before he could stop himself, Dean began to hum softly along to the words.
“Why do you want to know?”
I tried to make it less depressing, I really did.
Though the brown-haired, scruffy-bearded captain was shorter than Castiel, that did  not mean the respect given was any less. As one of the most successful seafarers of his time, Captain Chuck Shurley was not a man to be easily underestimated. He was sly, cunning, patient, stubborn, and not afraid to get his hands dirty when needed.
“I’m giving you no choice.”
“I think you forgot about the double beds part,” Dean mumbled, rubbing the back of his neck.
TW: Mentions of d-ath[e] and dr-wning[o]
“No, you recover first. It’s not even the end of the day. We need to get you back to the shore first, I don’t think you can tread water forever.”
Once again, thank you for taking the time to read this.
"Can't have you hobbling up and down all the time, now can I?"
It was a comfort. And an understanding.
“Enough to… what?”
“Exactly! And I know most people get their kicks from fantasy, or whatever, but-” the man tapped on the book cover. “Some things just get to you more than others.”
“Get a room.”
If those details happened to be hidden fury on one man, and not so hidden disdain on the other.
“I never would have known. Thank you for telling me.”
“Just friends?” There was a twinkle in those green eyes; such a flirt. It was an invitation Cas couldn’t refuse.
Yes, I am still salty, and forever will be :)
“I told you-”
The shelter was flimsy, but it did its job, for the most part. There was almost nothing to be done about the lack of warmth; fires were useless, and the closest thing Castiel had for a blanket were the clothes on his back. Sickness was the last thing he needed.
“Just double checking our course, sir,” Castiel said, straightening up ever so slightly. “Can’t be too careful.”
“Whoa, slow down, tiger,” Dean said as he pulled away, almost breathless.
Castiel tenderly touched Dean's arm in response. Dean's eyes shot up; it was perhaps the second time he had been surprised in the last few minutes.
Most people would have chosen a warm destination for their honeymoon. Lots of beaches, lots of sunlight, lots of days spent walking outside in the beautiful scenery of a tropical island-
“That was the plan.”
Maybe people are destined to find someone who slowly teaches them to let the fears go. Maybe love is something you learn, not something you feel. If that’s the case, then it’s been a long, gruelling learning process indeed, but Dean had to admit, with his heart in his arms, it was worth it.
“Oh no, we can actually alter our bodies willingly, not just in terms of growing up. The most common change is when some merfolk who were born female alter their bodies to become male, or vice versa. The transition doesn’t even have to be all the way through, it can be partial, so you have different physical traits. That is more common with merfolk who are neither male nor female, but not necessary.” Dean grinned. “Would you ever have thought that I was born a female?”
“I do. I really do, I love the lights, I love this, I love y-” Cas caught his tongue. “I love your brilliant ideas. And this by far is one of the best. Thank you.”
Cas checked in on himself, making sure he was anchored into reality. Two legs. Ten toes. Two hands, and ten fingers. Breathe air in, breathe air out.
I also didn't want it to be a rabbit hole of negativity. I wanted Cas to fight for himself, even a little bit, because... no matter what he's done, he deserves to be there for himself.
Captain Shurley’s crew.
Of course Cas said yes, but that wasn’t the only reason why Dean had been excited for this trip. There was something else he had been planning, and when deciding between a dramatic or a simple setting, Dean opted for something relatively in the middle.
Castiel was also aware of how close he was to snapping. He just didn’t know how soon.
Mild to medium angst ahead (I didn't mean to, it just happened)
“Get him out of here!” Castiel ordered, pointing to a fallen and bleeding Raphael. Gabriel wasted no time in hauling him away, not ready to complain about the complete breach of rank. Castiel then turned to the crewmate who was supposed to stand guard. “You! You are lucky I’m feeling merciful! Get out of my sight! As for the rest of you, back to work! I will stand guard!”
Fine.
Castiel tore his eyes away from the maps splayed out in front of him, and instead focused his attention on the man who had just entered the room. Or, rather, captain.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dealing with rogue angels has always been draining for the boys, but this time, Castiel’s grace is so spent that he’s almost completely human. It was a victory on the whole, but the angel wouldn’t be able to get even half his capabilities back for a long time.
“You better drink your hot chocolate before it gets cold,” he said instead. “Again.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
There wasn't a shred of doubt this time. Dean slipped back into the depths, leaving Cas to collect his thoughts. To say that there was nothing left wasn’t entirely true, but to have so much stripped away was heart wrenching. On top of having to start all over again, there was the fact that Cas’ old crew knew where he was now. It was possible they would come back for him, and he did not want to face a similar situation. But where would he go? There were very few places left on this world where Cas would be safe, and every day it seemed like a little more was taken.
The merman nodded, then rested his head against Cas’.
The wild winds came out of nowhere, fast and merciless. Hair, dirt, and grains of sand both whipped past Castiel’s eyes, as he struggled to fasten down any loose items. Trees, rocks, anything that could provide stability.
Like Cas said, it was Dean’s idea to go on a hike. At first the former angel had raised an eyebrow at the suggestion (“I never thought you were one for hikes,”) but Dean insisted.
In his own way, the merman kept assuring Cas that it would be alright, that he wasn’t going anywhere. Each was capable of handling any danger, at least until help could be acquired. If not, well, the next best solution was yelling.
“I love you too.” Cas reached up and brushed his fingertips along Dean’s lips, and the hunter managed to kiss them before they traveled to his jaw.
“I’ll watch over you,” Dean had whispered, right before his lover drifted off.
“Go to your own room, man! I can’t get up now!”
Was it the cooling air that sent a shiver down the human’s spine? Or was it the way Dean smiled, his eyes softening in a way Cas had never seen them do before?
A filler chapter, really.
One of the tasks Cas needed help the most with was replacing the dressing on his wounds. He allowed Dean to get into the routine of it without any fuss. Besides, it was almost cathartic watching Dean work, feeling his hands work deftly, even against the sore skin.
This time, Castiel’s smirk wasn’t so subtle.
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” Dean Winchester replied, grinning from ear to ear. “See you then, Cas.”
Yet it wasn’t the spring-green eyes, dusting of freckles, full lips, and stunning jawline which tipped Cas over the edge.
For the first time in weeks, Cas could see both.
"Dean-"
Cas had chuckled nervously, his cheeks harbouring a fair tinge of pink. Yeah. Girls. Right.
“Let’s just say anything to do with my parents is… complicated.”
A sudden change in direction brought them to a darkened area, and if Castiel didn’t know any better, he would have said they were inside a passage. One of his feet hit against stone, and the sudden pain prompted him to curl further into Dean.
“Cas! Hi. Uh… sorry, let me just-”
Progreeeeeeeesssssss!
One screamed as talons ripped into their stomach.
“Sorry,” Mr Winchester nervously chuckled out. When one of his hands were freed, he used it to scratch the back of his head. “I, uh, use the buddy system a lot in my class, and my kids are concerned that everyone has one but I don’t.”
Dean knew that his angel was low on grace, yet even after being told over and over again, he didn't know just how bad it had gotten.
“Ash! Buddy! What can I do for ya?”
I'm thinking next chapter might be the last one. It's been a great run, but unfortunately, all things must come to an end sooner or later. I don't know how long until it's uploaded, but we'll see.
“Step away from the merman and turn around,” sneered the guard. Castiel obeyed, now second guessing his decision to keep his crewmate alive. “Captain!”
I love you!
“Kids, huh?” the Winchester male chuckled, turning his attention back to Mr Novak. “How long do you think it’ll be before they forget about this?”
“Kind of hard to believe that when it’s my magic in your body.”
A familiar voice. An anchor, before I spiral off too deep into my own thoughts. I turn to see Dean peeking his head in through the doorway, worry and curiosity mingling into one facial expression. His eyes flick from me on the edge of my bed, to the small candle on my bedside table. I see the understanding on his face; he knows about my little ritual, so to speak.
“Shh. I’m not moving.”
Sam chuckled and grabbed another visitor chair, allowing enough room between where he sat and the bed, so that the nurse could carry out their routine checkup. The younger Winchester easily struck up a conversation with Cas, eventually talking about the remains of the werewolf case when the nurse left. As soon as there was a lul in the conversation and Sam looked away, Cas stole a glance at Dean, who had only been piping up with small remarks every now and then, so far. Dean, in turn, flashed him a quick smile. Castiel knew the hunter had something on his mind, but also knew that patience was key. He could wait. He would always wait for Dean. But for now, it was time to recover.
“Sorry.” Castiel’s eyes sparkled. “I’ll make it up to you later.”
They reached waist-high water before the crew members decided it was far enough. Raphael was far too eager to be the one who held down Castiel’s head, while the other two maneuvered his battered body. Cas thoroughly refused to let this be his end, but a part of him knew, denial would only get him so far.
When Dean leaned in and his lips first touched Cas', it felt like all the loose puzzle pieces of his life were finally put together. Their mouths danced with each other, tongue and lip combining together to compose a story of love, of adoration, of admiration and appreciation. They spoke of heartfelt confessions without uttering a single word, and when Dean pulled away for air, he couldn't help but smile.
Another blessing Cas believed he didn’t deserve. And yet here it was.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas giggled.
"Hey," Dean began softly, stepping ever closer, "I'm not mad. I'm not mad at you, Cas. Or afraid. I know…" Dean sighed and licked his lower lip, trying to find the words. "Look, I'm not nearly as good at hiding emotions as you give me credit for, but maybe I overdid it this time."
“Right. And not because you agree that you look absolutely adorable in it.”
It was as if a switch was flipped inside Cas’ head. Cas could almost see the events of the night unfold, could see where that would lead him. It wasn’t right. He didn’t like it, didn’t want it, not anymore. And what Dean had just said… it wasn’t right. Clarity sliced through the drumming in his head, and Cas shakily let go of Dean.
When Cas felt no discomfort, pain, or changes of any sort for a day, that’s when they knew it was done.
“You don’t look happy.”
"That could work with me."
Until now.
"You were, but it was a good kind of interruption."
Dean had to close the floodgates there, or else he would take up the whole night saying everything that he usually couldn’t. He would’ve poured out every apology in his heart, definitely, and there was nothing wrong with that, but everything else… he wasn’t ready. Somehow, he knew Cas knew that too.
“It’s alright,” Dean spoke softly, rubbing Castiel’s back. “Shhh, it’s alright. Hey… I’ve you, I’m here, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, I… fuck, I should have been there earlier. You- They nearly…” Dean’s embrace tightened a little, his voice breaking as well. “I’m going to kill them for what they did to you.”
Not for the first time, Dean felt a lump in his throat. There was something about the way Cas worded things that was just so… perfect. Perfectly simple, perfectly elegant, perfectly to the point in the most heart touching way possible. Cas’ words, like the rest of them, were so beautiful. A miracle.
“We talked yesterday.”
By now they were face to face, faces only inches apart. Dean quickly glanced at Cas' lips, and caught the other man doing the same.
There are many experiences in life I don’t have the right words for, yet some I do. I feel like this is one of the latter ones. I don’t have the strength to say all of this out loud, so I suppose writing my thoughts down will have to do, for now.
For someone who hates angst, I sure do seem to write quite a bit of it :/
So with the last ounce of air left in him, Cas graced his lips with the sweetest word he had ever uttered.
“No we won’t,” Dean assured him. “I’ve stopped the bleeding, for both of us, but I can’t fully heal either of us. We won’t attract sharks, but we will die if we don’t find land for you soon. I’m doing all I can to hold you up.”
“And what makes you think I am not? Truth be told, I’m not even sure if I am holy anymore. But I have learned this: it does not matter how many broken pieces there are of you, or the size of those pieces. What matters is what you use to try and fit those pieces back together. Whatever you have used, there is a lot more good in it than you realise. I can see that. And I love that, despite the foolishness of it. Or so I thought.” Cas rubbed his thumb against Dean’s skin, smiling as the hunter leaned into the touch. “It’s not foolish at all to want what your heart yearns for, despite what people may say.”
“Gentle, gentle, boys,” a familiar voice ordered. “We don’t want to damage him too much now.”
“No problem, Cas.”
"Not how I would word it, but you managed to hit the nail on the head. Speaking from experience?"
"I take it you weren't expecting that?"
Why him? That's the question I often wonder. Why take him, and not take me? By rights, Samandriel should be alive and well, and I should have taken his place long ago. Even in our ranks, he was just a boy, with or without a proper vessel to portray that. Ah, little brother. I wish I could take this pain from both of us.
“On the contrary, my dear Novak.” Dean pulled away and whipped out a handkerchief from his back pocket, which he used to carefully wipe Cas’ face. “I intend to hold onto that promise ‘til my dying day.”
“I told you not to look back.”
There was movement, and suddenly, he was pulled up to his knees again. Chuck grabbed Castiel’s chin with force, the polite mask starting to crack. The captain studied his former navigator’s face.
Castiel frowned.
Sam's eyes flitted between the two males in front of him, silently assessing both Dean's shocked face and Castiel's tomato red one.
“Go away.”
“I’ll be here when you’re ready. Even if you realise you don’t want to let your grace go, it’s ok.”
That was two hours ago. I’m writing this as he sleeps, and though I already miss his embrace, I can’t ignore the urge to put my thoughts onto paper.
And so, with all of the strength that remained, Castiel lunged forward and threw himself off the edge of the ship.
“Exactly that.”
“Of course, Captain.”
“No. I was always grateful for my mother, always. She clothed me, fed me, loved me no matter what. We spent most of our lives on one ship or the other, travelling the world. Running, more like it. She taught me how to survive, how to fight, how to navigate the ocean like it was the palm of our hands.” Cas hung his head. “But she was a woman. And that meant hiding herself from lust-driven men. It meant killing to live another day, or to protect me, because no one would help her. She was branded a whore because of my absent father, and hung as a witch, because she had the audacity to take charge of her own life.” Teardrops fell from Castiel’s eyes, but they would not stop him. He raised his head to look at Dean. “Men failed my mother. This song is the last thing I have of her. Soon it will be my only memory of someone who did everything for herself, and for me. So much pain, just to see the end of the next sunrise. Men are cruel, Dean. It’s part of the reason why I hate staying on land. In the confines of a normal life, you see their ugliest sides, but at sea… they sneer at its lawlessness. They don’t see its love and freedom.” Cas tore his gaze away from the merman, instead looking out past the horizon. “This song, these waters, they are my home. They have given me more than any man, including Captain Shurley. And I would die before my life is taken by anything other than a storm or the tide.”
There had been no mishaps detected so far, but they both knew, removing the kelp could reveal something unexpected. Dean, being the worrier he is, would not begin the unwrapping process without being absolutely certain that Cas was alright, that he was safe, and that there truly was nothing else left of the transformation process. It did make Cas laugh a little, but only out of endearment. It took a lot of convincing (and kisses) to make Dean stop being such a mother hen.
“Alright.” Dean held the first strip of kelp in between his talons. “Here we go.”
“Dean, don’t be so naive. Did you really think it was going to last? A human and a merman, friends forever on a lonely island in the middle of nowhere? It’s impossible. You have your own world, and I have mine, and even if you could grow a pair of stupid legs, we could never be equals. Never.”
Take care!
“How’re you feeling?” he asks gently.
“I thought you had left,” Cas said. “You’re free.”
Forget survival. These two made each other want to live.
Very minor and brief on the second point, but I thought I should let you guys know anyway.
“Wh- you gotta let me say it!”
“Yeah. Yeah, I agree.” A sudden burst of confidence came over Dean. “Tell you what, what if we get to know each other better over dinner? I’m thinking maybe something Greek, white wine, drop you home of course… What do you say?”
Cas decided that it was best to join his other half in the waters for this conversation.
Castiel could only stare, as open-mouthed as the fish Dean was offering. This was a dream. It had to be. But no, this was real, as proven by Dean waving his hand and asking if Cas was alright.
“Why? You could always pay me after.” Dean winked, and Cas reasoned that the sudden heat in his cheeks must be an effect of the sun. Definitely not anything to do with the merman.
Cas closed his eyes and chuckled, nestling more comfortably on the hunter’s thighs. Dean couldn’t help but run his fingers through the dark, already messy hair.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Cas flashed Dean another smile before returning to the stove, flipping a pancake that was already cooking. ‘Damn,’ Dean thought. ‘Perfect timing.’ He went over to Cas and hugged the angel from behind. The angel was the perfect cuddle buddy all the time anyway, but with the pyjamas on, it’s like his cozy meter went off the charts. Dean sighed in contentment. He could hold Castiel like this forever, no problem.
“Go back where?”
“Moral compass and common sense attached, right?” Dean asked, returning the smile.
While he may not forgive himself, he's slowly getting there.
Cas chuckled and lowered his gaze, the pink on his cheeks increasing. Dean followed the direction of Cas’ eyes and saw how close they were sitting, saw their hands just a hair’s width apart from each other’s. Maybe… maybe if he just…
“Quiet!” Castiel flinched. “You know the penalty for mutiny, Mr Novak. And as fond as I had grown of you, rules are rules.” Chuck drew his sword, a bejeweled souvenir from a dead noble. “Such a shame, really. I will have to go through the trouble of finding another cartographer. Any last words?”
“Apologies. It was true, though, you are a handsome male.”
Cas smiled.
“No lingering aches, sore spots, anything like that?”
"You should come with me next time there's a party," Bal had said in the end. "I'll hook you up with a pretty fine girl too!"
After an hour at the bar and many drinks later, Cas had shed off his trench coat and rolled up the sleeves of his white work shirt. Dean would deny it til the end of his days, but he definitely was checking out Cas’ forearms. Luckily, the angel was a little tipsy, and didn’t notice.
“Why do you say that?”
“Hi.”
Dean knew there was something about this human. He could feel it. But words never came by as easily as they did for Castiel, so the merman let the silence grow.
"I didn't mean it," Cas interrupted. "All the harsh words, and the façade I put up. It was just an attempt to match your attitude."
A pirate.
He looked around. No angel in sight. Dean closed the door behind him and walked up to the trench coat. He held it by the shoulders and lifted it, inspecting the clothing, its material, and just… how it looked, in general. For a sketchy style of coat, it wasn’t too bad. Not when worn by the right person.
“Ha, yeah. Yeah… about the hunting thing… what do you say we retire?”
Dean came back when Castiel was submerged up to his chest. The merman circled once, twice, then popped his head above the surface.
It was almost a routine at that point.
Dean forgot about the case. He forgot about the whole world. Let the walls and worries fall away, like the tan trench coat fell away from his shoulders. For now, Dean was more than happy to bask in his lover's light, running his hands through the soft wildflower meadows of the angel's hair, and soaking up the honeyed scent of his angel's touch.
“Why aren’t you?”
“Cas.” A clawed hand gently wrapped around Castiel’s wrist, and for a moment, he didn’t know what to be shocked at more; the contact, or the shortened version of his name. Castiel’s blue eyes met Dean’s green ones. Not glowing, he realised, but brilliantly reflecting the lamp light. “I’ll be fine. I will.”
Half the day had gone before Dean decided to leave the cave. Cas grabbed his arm at first, protesting, his eyes filled to the brim with fear. Dean cupped Castiel’s cheek, gently assuring the man that nothing would happen to him.
Dean, in turn, explained how navigation under the sea was less about sight. Rather, it was a feeling, a result of generations of memories being kept alive in skin and blood. It was how whales and turtles knew where their feeding grounds were, and how they could go back to their exact birthplaces.
“Change of plans,” was all the angel simply said in return.
College finals were always a stressful time for Cas. What was even more stressful, however, was a simple game of 7 Minutes in Heaven. Only it wasn't so simple.
“Is that why you got out of bed early?”
“‘Course I do. It might not be a complete retirement, I could be backup or something, but yeah… I mean, Sam and Eileen already have a handle on the growing hunter community. Next generation’s stepping up, too. I figured, you know, we could settle down, have a place of our own. I’m not exactly a white picket fence kinda guy, but-”
“Cas?” The voice was worried, frantic. “Cas, can you hear me?”
“Hm?”
Now it was Cas' turn to say "Oh".
“No.”
“Why do you want to know? Why the hell do you even care?”
Dean looked down, a small smirk gracing his lips.
"No. Because you deserve second chances. You are worth it because of who you are, not what you are. You deserve to be saved, Dean."
Something slammed into the men above.
“They were waiting for us the whole time. I had to wait until everyone was heading back to the ship.” Dean’s tone took a dark edge. “Let’s just say none of them made it.”
*Kronk voice* Oh yeah. It's all coming together.
Cas’ face fell into an expression of dejection. Dean was right, this conversation would be better held in the morning, when both of them were in a clear state of mind. Or, rather, clearer. No telling how well they’d feel with a mild hangover, especially if they continued to drink at the bunker. The two stood up, paid for their drinks, and exited the bar towards the Impala.
“Uh, regular cinnamon latte, please.” A burst of courage. “And your name, since I didn’t catch it the last time we met?”
“Dean.” Cas pressed a finger to the merman’s mouth. “Stop talking.” He removed the finger and leaned down, until their lips met with the softest of touches. That small touch alone sent a giddy feeling through both males, almost leaving them stunned. Cas was promptly pulled on top of the merman for that, causing him to giggle.
“What’s in the bag?”
Their eyes met again, and in the midst of the chaos, Castiel mouthed two words.
A notification.
Dean shrugged.
“I make no promises,” Dean replied, mirroring that same expression.
He had tried to stand, but was promptly hit from behind before the attempt was completed. Gabriel and Raphael kept Castiel down by the arms, while Michael appeared from behind, delivering a nasty blow with the butt of his rifle. A warning to stay down.
Oh, if only you had seen that confused expression turn into one of slack-jawed surprise.
"N-No." Cas cleared his throat. "Charlie makes sure there's no forced, uh, interactions of that sort."
“And I, you, Cas. I always will.” Then, a beat later, “Can I kiss you?”
Of course, most of the credit for that courage went to Dean.
“Don’t be. You alright?”
Cas’ semi-trance was broken when Dean placed a hand over his.
“I’m here,” Dean whispered. His fangs hadn’t gone away just yet. “I’m here, Cas.” With gentle touches, Dean inspected the man’s face, cursing under his breath at the injuries. They began healing in no time, including the injuries to his back. It must have taken a great deal of effort, Cas noted, but he was in too much shock to comment on it.
Dean shook his head and moved his talons up to cup Cas’ cheek.
“Yes, well, uh, I’d rather keep my good health, or whatever’s left of it. Besides, you are still recovering.” Castiel tilted his head. “Speaking of recovering, I thought you would be spending as much time under the water as possible.”
“Sorry, sorry!”
“Dean… look at me.”
“You alright, Cas?” Dean’s smooth voice snapped him out of his trance.
“Hello,” he greeted them. The Winchester male almost died at the sound of his gravelly voice.
“Is it so hard to believe that I can’t watch you die?” He responded.
Turns out that getting a hold of oneself was becoming more difficult. Especially when whatever birthed itself in Castiel’s chest was growing by the day.
“We have to go.”
Scales. Mer scales, hundreds of them, scattered around the lower waist before amassing lower down. They were iridescent blue, so close in similarity to Cas’ eyes.
“No. But it’s better than whatever brutal death would have awaited you.”
“Aw, come on, Cas. It’ll be fun! If not, you get full, free reign over next year’s plans. I promise.”
If only they knew that the actual killer was much more dangerous.
Cas was led out into deeper waters, where he was indeed made to use his tail a lot more. What amazed Cas the most was the incredible amount of strength and power in his lower body. He doubted he would ever get used to it.
A few warnings:
But it's not all angst! There is fluff too!
“Well, I guess I could make an exception. But only for you.”
“Good. Because I would love to start our eternity by showing you the world.”
“Hey, sweetheart!” Dean hugged Mary back, then picked her up from the ground. “How are you feeling?”
“If by swimming, you mean getting as far away as possible before something else kills me, then yes, I can swim.”
“Talk about what?” Cas replied, his heart like a frightened rabbit.
Little more than two weeks had passed since their first arrival on the island. Castiel knew, because he had kept a tally of every single day on the arch of the cove. It was just a matter of finding the right stone.
"What's his name?" Dean whispered into the space between them, their breaths mingling.
The morning brought silence that was too loud. Sound that was too quiet.
“Words can’t describe how much I regret what happened that night. And I feel as if I have no right to ask, but Dean… can you forgive me?”
The realisation caused Cas to smile as well. Something warm, golden, and joyful spread within him, creating a lightness he hadn’t felt in a long time. Cas brought his love’s talons up to his mouth, placing a gentle but heartfelt kiss on the knuckles. Despite the happy moment, though, he knew there was still an apology due.
Mary giggled into her father's shoulder, as the hunter carried her all the way to the car, one arm tucked under his daughter, the other hand brushing against the wedding band on Cas' finger. He’ll deal with the school later. Until then, nothing was going to distract him from his family.
I love y'all!
Cas blinked.
----------
What Cas didn’t know was that while Dean kept contact with one hand, the former hunter’s other hand was busy fiddling with something in his pocket.
"Almost," Cas countered. "I would argue that, if this is the price to pay for your life in turn, then it is worth it."
“Mostly, yeah,” the merman admitted. “But I did mean it when I said you worked too hard. I just thought you might like this.”
And for once, the dreamer felt true.
For the first two years of high school, neither of the boys interacted with each other.
How could Dean ever want him?
“Another bonus point.”
“Something tells me I will.”
I have... some stuff planned.
“I must admit,” Cas began, his speech almost slurring, “I thought this would be another one of your terrible ideas. I am actually having fun, so thank you.”
If you want to listen to the full sea shanty/the song Cas was singing, here is the link for the version I listened to while writing this chapter: https://youtu.be/tPLodwT58nE
As usual, sorry for any mistakes.
Come to think of it, Cas didn’t know why Dean bothered to stay. He didn’t know why Dean kept hunting for him, or continue his incessant winks and quips. It was already a large enough matter, in Castiel’s eyes, that the merman chose to sing or hum in times of distress.
There were other dangers to be aware of. As well as any dangerous creatures on the island (mainly snakes), there was always a chance Castiel’s old crew would come back. The possibility made him anxious, so much so that he fumbled while collecting fresh water from thick vines. He would have to go further inland to reach the freshwater springs.
“Whatever you need to find, I have faith that you will,” Cas said. “Faith, and the knowledge that you are stubborn beyond help.”
There was a shout from the shoreline; someone had noticed the blood. Three of the crew rushed into the waters, thinking Cas was responsible.
“You seem to know this place,” Dean remarked.
The loneliness presented Cas with more pressing thoughts, though.
Dean slowly let out a breath and stood up straighter.
And safe. Safer than Dean had ever felt.
“Hey, hey…” Dean loosened up the hug enough for him to cup the side of Cas’ face, his green eyes filled to the brim with adoration. “I love you too. I really do.”
“Cas?” Dean called out from the water. “You alright?”
“Huh,” Dean finally uttered. “Well, I guess my future held you.”
Although that didn’t stop him from noting how strong the merman’s arms were.
It was only a ten minute walk to the cafe, though the chill made Castiel tug his studded jacket just a little tighter around himself. The clouds overhead promised rain later on, and while the librarian didn’t mind a little wet weather, he did hope it wouldn’t happen on his walk back home.
“Maybe I should have left you to drown,” Dean muttered. White hot anger surged through Cas at those words, turning everything within him to ice, including his voice.
The first thing Castiel noticed was that warm, freckled smile.
“We’ll talk about it later. I promise.”
"My wings respond to all the things I don't have the heart to verbalise. When I feel threatened, they point upwards, as you have seen. When I am frightened, they curl inwards." Cas paused, choosing his next words carefully. A bit of tact mixed in with the truth. "But when I find myself enchanted by a human - not just by their physical appearance, but by their soul, and everything that they do - then my wings do that. I never meant to seduce you, Dean. Far from it. I know you prefer female companions anyway." Finally, Cas looked up, locking his starry eyes with Dean's forest ones. "But I cannot conceal my emotions as easily as you can. I am in love with you, Dean Winchester. I am attracted to everything that makes up who you are. What you do with this information is out of my hands, but I hope you don't hate me for it."
Sorry for any mistakes. In regular fashion, I'm uploading this at stupid o' clock at night.
“Home.”
There were still some minor joys to be held on the island, some he made for himself. At the end of every week, Castiel would dive down as far as he could, collecting a single shell to keep. There were some mellow orange ones, a few vibrant purple ones, and a pair of pure white shells that reminded him of angel wings. It was a purely self indulgent ritual, to collect the beauty of the sea, though he almost stopped after finding a smooth green stone. Almost.
Cas shrugged. “Why not?”
“This
"I went home," Dean began to explain. "Well, not right away. I had a lot of meetings with a lot of friends, and most of them suggested the same solution. There were options, of course, but none of them were as strong, none of them would have been enough. It- honestly, it was terrifying to go back, I didn’t know how my father would react, but thankfully he wasn’t even around. I had to, uh, recruit my uncle Bobby- well, not recruit, but...” Dean stopped himself from rambling any further. He took a deep, steadying breath. “What I’m trying to say is… I may have found a way for you to live under the sea with me.”
Dean wrapped both his arms around Cas’ waist.
Castiel fighting through internal and external struggles (and by external struggles, I mean a storm).
Castiel was still sober enough to feel mildly uncomfortable about the notion, but the fuzziness in his brain accompanied by a chuckle veiled most of it.
And Castiel Novak took his first breath of water.
As time went on, that feeling of being pulled to a deep, dreamless slumber grew. He had to force himself to eat something beforehand, no point in waking up hungry in the middle of the night.
“Excuse me?”
That behaviour continued well into the night, with the exception of dinner time. The two lovers lay peacefully in the damp sand, staring up at the diamond-dotted sky. Cas was using Dean’s upper arm as a pillow, which the merman didn’t mind at all.
Despite all the darkness he faced.
Castiel rolled his eyes.
“Wow,” was all Cas managed to get out at first. Despite having seen all corners of the Earth, there were still some things that took his breath away. “Dean, this is… this is beautiful.”
Once upon a time, he was in Her Majesty’s Navy. Now, he was a free man.
The waves brought him nothing, and the little flicker of hope dimmed more each time.
They surfaced in the cavern, temporarily bathed in darkness as the tiny pinpoints of light were snuffed out. Slowly, the lights returned, and it was only when they were bathed in the glow that Cas dared to speak again.
"Yeah, no kidding," Dean scoffed. "Neither did I."
To whoever is reading this, take your time. Loss is not something one easily gets over, however, I hope you make peace with it. I’ve found mine. Now it’s your turn.
Their lips barely touched when a loud knock on the door startled the pair, causing them to jump apart, and causing Cas to wince in slight pain.
“Come on Cas, really? You never seen a slow winter day before? I mean, I knew you didn’t get out much, but damn.”
Cas waved a hand.
Every word made the anger bubble away furiously inside of Castiel, but he kept it down.
That was a gift Cas took for himself.
Thank you to everyone who's stuck around for the updates to this fic, and for everyone who's even casually read it, just knowing that my work is notice means a lot, so thank you!
There should have been panic; every instinct in him was screaming at him not to open his mouth. But there was no choking, no pain, no rejection of this foreign liquid. Cas touched his gills gently with the pads of his fingers, and felt the water flow through them. There was a slight tingle through his veins, and Cas realised that with his first breath came the first flow of magic.
They both met in the middle of what Dean deemed to be a spacious enough area, the flushed cheeks from before returning with fervour. Dean decided not to get too couple-y on the first try, so he guided one of Cas’ hands to his shoulder, and another into his own hand (although, in hindsight, he didn’t know how that was any better). The rest of the song was spent teaching Cas how to do small shuffles, how to match his body’s rhythm to that of the partner. Whether that partner was Dean or someone else was deemed irrelevant, but part of the hunter whispered, hoped, even, that from now on Cas would always choose him for future dances. The hunter had learnt how to keep all his small hopes a secret, hidden behind bittersweet smiles and acceptance.
Castiel had been keeping an eye on the clouds for a long while. Every bone in his body told him to prepare for a turbulent day of reckoning, but he held off the preparations. The man half-heartedly assured himself that there would be enough time later.
“My mother,” Dean answered. Castiel managed to catch the merman’s jaw clenching, but just as he was about to dismiss the question, Dean continued. “She would collect human songs, so to speak. Used to sing them to me and my brother all the time.”
“Do you ever miss it?”
“And then you had to go and stick your frigging neck out for me, knowing full well how bad it was. Dammit, Cas, what were you thinking?!”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
They were going to have to survive the night on their own.
He could be free, but uncertain.
“No, I’m not concerned, just-”
Cas nodded. Steeling his resolve, he took one last breath before submerging himself fully.
“I did know, but continue.”
Dean whipped his head up to see Cas leaning back against the door, arms crossed and posture completely relaxed. The long sleeves of his white shirt were rolled up to the elbows, and Dean couldn’t help but notice the muscle definition of his forearms. But it wasn’t the angel’s appearance that caught Dean’s attention the most. No, rather it was the fact that Castiel wore what Dean swore was the prettiest smile on the face of the Earth. It made Dean’s skin simmer red. Damn. He didn’t even hear Cas come in.
“Almost too late.”
“Equals,” Dean repeated, then scoffed. “I get it. What, I was never good enough for you? Never human enough?”
Let’s just say the heat from Castiel’s face wasn’t due to the latte.
What had he done?
“That’s nice. And your mother?”
“Sometimes I miss it,” Dean confessed in low, hushed tones. “I mean… at first I hated it. I never asked to be dragged out of Hell, but at the same time, I knew how incredibly ungrateful that was. Then over time, it gave me strength. Hope, even. Knowing you were there with me, always. When I actually got rid of it… I was scared that I’d lost the only part of you I could never get rid of, no matter how bad things got between us.”
“Hey, how well do you know the island?”
“You’re beautiful,” Dean murmured, which Cas caught onto.
“Yes. Freshly baked, soft, with butter. We used to steal hot bread on occasion, but I always left something behind as a way to pay for it. It’s simple, but I’ve always loved it. I think I always will.”
"Almost couldn't," Cas corrected with a smirk. That earned him a light, playful slap to the arm, and they both burst into giggles.
“What are you listening to?” Cas asked, referring to the slightly staticked sounds coming from Dean’s phone.
It took everything within Castiel to hold back a sob.
The merman and the cartographer locked eyes once. Just once. But in that moment, Castiel felt a lifetime of heartache.
“Jerk. Hey, don’t overexert yourself, five minutes is  a long time.”
“Exactly. You provided the means, but ultimately the final decision was mine. You’re not responsible for… whatever mistakes may happen.”
All three leaders frowned and glanced behind themselves, but Cas wasn’t talking to them. Though the reaction was fortunate. In a split second, he disarmed the guard, aimed the pistol, and fired at the last remaining weak spot of the fishing net. Dean had no time to react as his body plummeted towards the surface of the sea.
“Ah, yes. Because the fully grown, dangerous merman in this relationship is the vulnerable one.”
Dean knew what love was. For him, it was Cas. And he never intended that to change.
“Not even… not even out there? In the world?” Then, hesitantly, “Do you miss it?”
Unfortunately, in this case, it was a storm.
“No, no,” Cas protested in between sobs. “Stay… please.”
“Do you think I’m adorable?”
Whatever the reason, as he watched Dean splash back into the glistening waters, Castiel realised what that growing feeling in his chest was: love.
Yes, the library was one of Cas’ happy places in town, but that didn’t exempt him from feeling tired at the end of the day.
“Yes,” Castiel finally answered. “Whatever you do, don’t look back.”
The two brothers and the angel had been researching for a case for about four hours now. Sam, responsibly, took breaks in between every hour, Cas stayed at the table, while Dean had lasted only an hour before going to grab snacks. Then drinks. Then dinner. Then gave up entirely.
“Yes. Quite the charmer, aren’t you?” There was a hint of a smirk on Castiel’s lips, and Dean swore the colour staining his own cheeks was permanent now.
"Your eyes shine brightly enough to make it a reality," Cas replied, brushing his thumb along the soft skin around Dean's eye. "Like your soul. I never get tired of it."
It was another restless night for Castiel, only this time, there would be no merman to greet him in the morning.
“And maybe I should remind you that our debts were settled long ago. I saved you, you saved me, we are even, and have been for a long time. In fact, besides hunting, you have had no other uses for me for a long time either.” Regret slammed into Cas faster than the anger, but he kept going. “And even if I had left you on he ship, it wouldn’t have mattered if you appeared at a fish market, a witch’s den, or even presented before a fucking king, no one in their right mind would sully their presence with an abandoned freak of nature like you.”
He hadn’t noticed before how close they were. Still in Dean’s arms, their faces were only the barest of distances apart. The merman’s eyes shifted for a split second, and Cas swore on his life that they dipped down to his lips. But that was ridiculous. He could have easily imagined it in the dark… right?
“What are you doing?”
“No, I don’t.”
“Good. Ok, let’s not celebrate completely just yet, that tail needs to be put to good use. Besides, we still need to test if you can breathe underwater as well.”
“I miss you,” Cas spoke into the wind. “It hurts to miss you so much. I wish you would come back.”
“I’m grateful, too.” Dean allowed himself to smile. He began to clear up the kitchen when the song, and an unusual request was made. “Can you teach me how to dance?”
Anyway, if you've enjoyed this fic so far, feel free to check out my other works, too! Majority of what I write are short one shots, but not too bad (I think?)
He had done all he could do, achieved all he was able to achieve. Once the limit was reached, Castiel forced himself to crawl back into his shelter; not that a lot of force was needed, if he was being honest. Maybe if fate was kind, he could get a proper sleep. Maybe if his mind was kinder, it would accept the invitation of slumber, perhaps even a dream. A pleasant one, if he were lucky.
----------
“Did you ever doubt?” Dean asked on the last quiet night.
Ah, Mondays. The bane of everyone’s week, or so says the media. Tired, sleepy souls trudging along through the beginning of another tiring week. There was only one substance in the world that could make Mondays tolerable… and Castiel, unfortunately, did not have it.
“Alright… promise me you’ll be here when I wake up.” Cas didn’t know what prompted him to say that, but it was too late to take it back now.
“I’m sorry, Dean.”
“Alright… I’m going to get us some food. Will that be ok?”
Take care!
“Cas, please.”
“Ok. Stay here, don’t move, I’ll be right back.”
“It suits you,” Dean murmured the day he put the necklace around his lover.
The two of them clung to each other in the darkness, as if unable to let go. Dean wasn’t sure when he began to cry along with Cas, but soon, they both faded into a tired, almost numb quiet. The merman never stopped comforting Cas in one way or another, partly because the man needed it, and partly because he didn’t know what to do. When he felt Cas nuzzle into him, Dean let out a shaky, scared breath.
“I don’t think I ever had a home on land. Most of my life, as you know, I’ve been on ships. But to answer your general, uh, question…” Cas tilted his head to one side. “I do miss the food sometimes. And new clothing. Some of the places I have visited were lovely. I suppose… I miss the products of people, more than the people themselves.” A small smile graced his lips. “I miss bread.”
Cas couldn't help but smile. Granted, his friend wasn't the best at speaking, but he understood the main message.
"You noticed?"
(See the end of the chapter for
The exclamation caught Castiel by surprise. He was in the middle of inspecting his clothes - which were still a little damp -  when Dean’s voice cut through the air. Unashamed of his own nakedness (enough men had seen him without clothing before), Cas looked over the merman in astonishment.
“I may have seen you around the staff room and the playground, but never had the courage to say hi. Besides, I don’t think I would have been able to get a word in, what with one group of children or another trying to get your attention.”
Sleep came late for the both of them. Not that they minded. The stars watched over them, their love, and their silent promises. When sleep did arrive, it held only pleasant dreams and rest, elements which were much needed.
Hi! Sorry for the late chapter, I had to rewrite a chunk, then go on a small road trip. I feel like this is better than what I started with, though, so I hope you enjoy it!
Something about Dean felt… good. Really good. And whatever they just started between themselves, Cas didn’t want it to stop.
The smirk faded.
Once Castiel had reached the deck, he could just make out the guard and fishnet, thanks to the light of a lamp. He moved flawlessly in time with the sway of the vessel beneath him, keeping any small noises to a bare minimum. The navigator swore his chest would cave in from controlling his breathing so much, but he had to do his best not to get caught. One rogue sound, and Castiel may be done for. Him and Dean.
Mary’s eyes went wide and she nodded eagerly, earning a laugh out of the hunter.
“Yes. Please?”
“I love you, Cas.”
Wildflowers. That’s what it smelled like. Wildflowers, and the slight, sweet undertone of honey.
“What can I say? The kids love me.”
Dean couldn't help but laugh aloud at the quiet humour. Castiel seemed to enjoy the deep, joyful sound, because when Dean looked back at the other boy, they were both smiling.
“I’m sorry,” Dean whispered, voice thick with emotion. “I’m so, so sorry. I wish I didn’t do that, I never, ever wanted to hurt you. Friggin’ hell, how could I be so stupid? I… I’m so sorry. And you’re right, you’re absolutely right. I almost lost you. Cas, why didn’t you tell me anything?” Dean took in a shuddering breath, one which Cas could feel against the side of his face. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Of course. I had read about merfolk singing, how their voices led even the most cold-hearted out to sea, but I never…” Cas burst into a smile. “It was a privilege to hear that. Thank you.”
“Showing you some mercy.”
“Right. West. Hang on.”
So busy with tinkering and singing was he, that Cas didn’t notice when Dean pulled himself up onto the sand. He didn’t notice Dean resting his head on one hand, listening with a calm sense of awe. There were many beautiful sounds of the sea, many created by merfolk themselves, but this… Dean could tell it came from the heart. And in that moment, it was the most beautiful sound he had ever heard.
“Perhaps.” Castiel winked, and Dean swore he felt his heart stop. The former whipped out a scrap piece of paper and a pen from his pocket, and began scribbling something on it. Only when Dean received the paper did he realise what it was: Castiel’s phone number. “Seven o’ clock tomorrow, text me and I’ll text you the address. Don’t be late.”
Dean had learnt to stop insisting after that very quickly, but he could not stop the anxiousness rising within him with each passing day. Neither could he resist thinking about the worst; what if they do everything right, and still something goes wrong? What if something happens and there’s nothing they can do about it?
You could imagine the amount of cheering that took place when Cas said yes, after Dean kneeled down in front of almost the entire school and popped the question.
“I’m ready.”
“Oh.” A pause. “I’m sorry.”
“Now, hold on just a minute, how the hell would you know? Have you been checking me out?”
“No.”
“Ok. Ok…” Cas did trust him. Completely. Besides, he had no one else to help him now, and considering Dean hadn’t called for help, neither did the merman.
One disappeared under the waters in a flash.
See, Dean, that insufferably handsome idiot, had prefered to be clean shaven for the entirety of the time Cas had known him. But recently, the man decided to grow a beard, just to “try it out,” and it infuriated Castiel to no end.
Neither one could brave the loneliness.
“Ah,” Mr Novak said, nodding in understanding. “Well, in that case, it wouldn’t be fair if everyone had a buddy and you didn’t.” He then turned his attention to Jo and Ash, nodding once to them. “Alright. I’ll be his buddy. Buuuuut, if he’s a bad buddy, can I tell on him?”
“I think your heart has always suited me,” came the reply. And indeed, whenever the shell was nestled in the palm of Castiel’s hand, he knew it was meant to be.
“Hello again, Mr Novak. Long time no see.”
“Cas, you’re my hope. Sam may keep me living, but you’re the one who actually makes feel alive. You’re my priority, and you should never, ever, be so used to having anyone walk all over you like that. Even if- no, especially if that person is me. You’re my hope,” Dean repeated, his hold on Cas’ hand tightening. “I can’t lose you in any way.”
Nope, this is not the last chapter, far from it, but I do have an ending in mind that's hopefully a good conclusion to all this.
“What?”
“Uh, the name’s Dean, by the way. Dean Winchester. Don’t think we actually met before.”
And then along came Charlie Bradbury.
Love y'all!
“How did you do it, Castiel?”
Dean ran his free hand over his face. In that one sliding motion, Castiel could see all remaining walls the man had kept up, and he watched them tumble down in a heap. The ghost of devastation covered Dean’s expression, and when he looked at Cas, it was as if Dean’s soul was as bare as when the angel first encountered it back in Hell.
Still soft. Still so full of care.
----------
“Sorry,” Cas replied, all bright eyes and even brighter smiles. He gave Dean a small peck on the lips. “Good morning.”
Sorry for the really late upload, I've been going through some stuff. But I'm ok!
“I know, I… but if it does, then I need you to know, I am so, so sorry.”
And waited.
Dean spent that entire night lying awake, tossing and turning Cas’ confession in his mind. He always knew his love was meant to live on the sea, but the prospect of Cas living
"Have you always thought of me like that? A freak, a tool? A means to an end?"
(See the end of the chapter for
He’d taken a photo of that number. Glanced at it over and over again when he could.
“Cas-”
CW: Mild violence
“Hm?” came the innocent sounding reply.
the sea was something else entirely. Dean wasn’t wholly surprised, nor was he shocked, but there were questions to be answered. Mainly, how could a human possibly live under the water? Dean’s magic alone wouldn't be enough to assist Cas for a week, and certainly not for a lifetime. Looking down at the human finally asleep in his arms, Dean’s heart sank; humans just weren’t born to live in the seas.
Novak stopped mid turn, just about to return to his bus, and raised his eyebrow.
Castiel concluded that as long as they weren’t bared at him, he was fine.
Comments and kudos are very much appreciated, but even if you just read on a whim, that's appreciated as well.
“Yes,” Cas replied, working his mouth around the newly acquired fangs. “But I also had faith that this will work. My faith in your abilities never wavered.”
Or when they stay up well into the night, exchanging stories under a smiling night sky.
And I hope that message goes out to you as well.
“What caves?”
It started with urging Dean to go out at sea more, and not just to hunt. There would always be some excuse, such as wanting Dean to get used to more open waters again, or insisting he shouldn’t wait for Cas to finish his work.
Nor was it the leather jacket, obnoxious tendency to play loud rock music, and obsessive nature when it came to the 1967 Chevrolet Impala (which Dean had proudly named Baby).
“Parents in general are complicated,” said the human.
How could he? If Cas refused, he would be lying. But if he told the truth, Dean would never believe him now. Those words were meant to cut deep. So Cas kept quiet.
One date turned into two, two dates turned into four, with many more unofficial meet-ups in between. Dean always brought the dark-haired male a gift, being the classic kind of guy, but Castiel loved it best when Dean brought him red roses; his favourite flower. Dean felt himself fall more and more in love with that man every day, and while Cas never explicitly tells him, Dean was his reason to smile. The two men also brought out the best, and not so best, in each other; their strengths, confidence, shyness, weaknesses, but more importantly, how profound their bond really was with each other.
Castiel’s charm, on the other hand, was subtle. His striking blue eyes would catch any newcomer’s first, before his cool, calm demeanour and intelligence took over. He wore a smile sweeter than his personality, and though no one usually likes a straight A student, his mess of raven black hair and endearing mannerisms usually won the other students over.
“Mornin’, sunshine.” The hunter took a good whiff of the air. “Mmmm, smells good. What are you making?” he asked, eyeing the spatula in Cas’ hand.
“Fine,” Cas conceded. Dean’s tail did a happy little flick out of the water, and if the man was being honest, it was worth it.
“Dean-”
“Mhm! I punched him in the face!”
"Charlie?"
“And the ship?” Cas asked.
It was a good thing that Dean was seated behind him, otherwise, the hunter would have seen a rare blush creeping up Cas’ face.
“Ooh! I know!” Jo piped up. “Why don’t you be Mr Novak’s buddy?”
While the librarian had no trouble sporting a patchy denim jacket, several items of jewelry, various piercings, and a smattering of tattoos, this newcomer was… clean. So to speak. Short golden-brown hair in an almost standard cut, brown leather jacket, no tattoos or piercings as far as he could see, and the only piece of jewelry was a strange necklace dangling from the man’s neck. For all intents and purposes, the man looked ordinary, and yet there was something fascinating about him.
It took a lot of convincing from Dean, but eventually, Castiel was able to leave the cove.
When it was time to test his gills, there was hesitation. Cas held onto Dean’s upper arms as they both tread water, preparing for the important moment.
Castiel coughed again before he managed to speak.
They finally broke through the surface, and though he didn’t need to, Cas took in a deep breath. Ignoring another chuckle from the merman, he lifted his head to wipe the water from his face, and take a better look at the new environment. Much to his confusion, Cas saw nothing but darkness. Aside from the gentle lapping of water, there was nothing to be heard, either.
And though Dean had returned to deeper waters for the moment, his absence didn't bother the human. Dean had all but promised to return, without saying the words ("I still don't make promises, Cas.")
"I suppose."
“Can I kiss you?” The words tumbled out of Cas’ mouth, but he wouldn’t have taken them back even if he could.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Alright," the teacher chuckled. "You go buddy off with Jo and then I'll mark you as present."
“Yeah, sure. I’d love some.”
“Blood. I’m bleeding, we’ll attract sharks.”
“Are you alright? You’re not-”
“I thought I might try making pancakes for you and Sam, as a small treat.”
Dean licked his bottom lip, taking a moment to process how to explain everything.
Castiel is given a miracle and a mercy.
“Nothing.”
Ok, let me explain a few things-
With each passing day, it became easier to navigate around each other. Intimacy brought shyness; blushes that rose too quickly and fell too slow, smiles that were too wide, eyes that ducked their gaze. Even with fingers intertwined, it was almost unbelievable for the both of them that they made it so far. And they did make it. What they felt for each other was no longer a caged secret, but an understanding shared between them.
“Wish granted.”
"Ooh, what's he like?"
“Damn it,” he mumbled, shaking the empty jar. “No coffee.”
“May I know your name?”
And it broke his heart.
Soon it evolved to Cas spending more time away from the shore, returning when the sky began to darken. The expression on Dean’s face on those evenings went from understanding, to disappointment, and possibly even hurt. Cas had to hide his own pain in the form of avoiding Dean’s eyes, but how long could he hold that up for?
Castiel only had himself.
He didn’t tell the captain about the schools of fish that suddenly dispersed over the week.
“I love you too, sweetheart.”
“Captain Chuck Shurley. What a surprise.”
Something in the merman’s expression changed. If Castiel had to put a name to the emotion shown, he would say it was surprise, but there was something else there. Something elusive.
“Cas?”
Sorry for any mistakes.
Lifting Dean up as one would lift their bride, Cas fought through his own exhaustion and forced himself to wade to shore. He set Dean down in shallower waters, right by the rocky archway of the cove, hoping that the dampness was enough to keep Dean alive.
Charlie had never seen a pair of more slack-jawed faces in her life.
“You’re impossible.”
The young English Major sat in a circle on the floor of his dorm with Charlie Bradbury, his best friend and roommate, Balthazar, his rich party animal of a cousin, Sam Winchester, law major and a good friend, and… Dean.
“I am.” Cas allowed himself to let his gaze meet Dean’s. Big mistake. Those green eyes locked onto him, piercing, searching, stripping Castiel down to all that he really meant inside.
Maybe Cas was being dramatic. Maybe it was just another new addition to life that his brain needed time to process. All Cas knew was, whenever Dean was out of sight, he could breathe easier.
The last thing Castiel remembered was the feeling of being embraced by a pair of strong arms.
Oh, if Dean had the courage, he would have opened up to Cas a long time ago. He would have already known what Cas’ lips felt like from memory, already held the angel in his arms, showering affection without shame. But courage failed him. Over and over and over again, just when they get so close, something happens. Majority of the time, Dean had only himself to blame. Why couldn’t he be better?
“No, just YouTube.” Cas took a sip of his drink, if only to avoid elaborating that he was looking up knitting patterns.
The two drank in silence for two beats, Dean’s head reeling from whatever the hell just happened.
It was freedom, pure and simple.
"Well… where do I start?" The blue-eyed male rubbed the back of his neck. "He's taller than me. Kind. A bit stubborn, but you get used to it. He lights up my day brighter than a thousand suns combined, and has the best laugh I've heard come out of anyone's mouth. His music taste takes some getting used to, but I can easily let that pass." A small burst of courage overtook Cas, and he gradually closed the distance between them, gazing softly into Dean's wonderful green eyes. Dean didn't lean further back, and Cas found himself grateful for that. "He's strong, both physically and mentally, though sometimes you have to convince him that he doesn't have to be. He's more complex than he would let anyone, even himself, believe. He's far more intelligent than he gives himself credit for, and understands things far more deeply than anyone would ever realise. I admit, that still catches me off guard. Not to mention, he is the most stunning man I have ever laid eyes upon… and I don't think I want to fall for another."
"I know what you meant, I'm just teasing." Dean glanced sideways at Cas. "You sure have seen a lot of death in your life, haven't you?"
“I want this. I’m sure. And I’m ready.”
"I like girls, obviously. But I like guys too. It's recent, and it's confusing, and I don't know what to make of it, or do about it, or how to deal with it."
Wrong.
The same melody he carried in his heart, over oceans and seas, from one wooden vessel to another, like a familiar star in the sky.
“Dean… I need to tell you something.”
"I never knew you could speak Enochian."
"-Makes a lot of sense, actually," Cas finished off for him. Charlie nodded.
“Again?”
But there would be no reply. The storm carried his voice away, replacing everything inside with fear.
“There’s no point in dragging your limp body halfway across the ocean, just for you to die of dehydration and stupidity.”
“From Tower Hill to Blackwall,” Dean joined in, enjoying the stunned look on Cas’ face. “I’ll wander, weep, and moan… All for my jolly sailor, until he sails home.”
A group of kids wanted to get shiny new library cards for the first time. While there wasn’t usually an issue with that, Castiel did make the mistake of agreeing to help them just before closing time. On top of that, Crowley had to leave early for some vague reason, so the blue-haired punk was left to complete last minute inspections.
"Baby-"
"Mhm. I'm glad that you're here."
“Lie with me,” the angel whispered. How could Dean refuse?
“Castiel? Cas, can you hear me? Cas…”
It had lasted for the rest of the day, night, and almost into the next morning. Castiel felt absolutely no ease at any point of the ordeal, but he made it.
The storm grew far too rapidly. It was as if the heavy rain poured down in the time it took to blink. Cold seeped into everything, including Castiel, right down to their core. He had seen what rain as freezing as this could do to a man, and it was not a fate he wished for himself.
Cas laughed and stepped out of the smaller space.
“Sir-”
“Hold your breath.”
Castiel didn’t even realise he had lunged forward, not until he was forced face down into the sand. Gabriel pressed a knee against his back, and it was only until Michael pulled him up by the hair that Castiel was able to breathe again. Good thing his mind stopped him from inhaling sand.
Rivlets of scarlet trickled down from wounds on the merman’s body. There were several gashes on the tail, probably from hooks trying to pull him into the net if things didn’t go as planned. There was one on a shoulder as well, and every time the merman moved, it was like he was holding back from grimacing. On top of that, Castiel glimpsed bruises already forming on the ribs. It seems like the crew hadn’t bothered to show any kindness; either you submit, or you experience more pain.
“Are you serious? Dean, do you mean it?”
That stone was added to the collection, right at the top.
“Apologies. I assumed after all these years, with fewer reactions, that you were used to it by now.” The angel opted not to grab a chair or make himself comfortable in any way, although no one really knew what his idea of “comfortable” was. Dean fought the gradual heat that rose to his cheeks, and turned back to face the stove.
“What- is she ok?!” Dean practically shot out of his seat.
“You have a brother?”
As soon as Castiel nodded (with much enthusiasm, I might add) Dean hooked one arm under his friend’s legs, while the other wrapped around the waist. Cas likened the hold to a groom carrying their bride after some weddings, but he quickly wiped that thought from his mind.
“Thanks, but I think I’ve already had enough fun for tonight.” He clinked his glass against the Winchester’s, and winked. “Why don’t you go by yourself instead, handsome?”
“I wasn’t talking about the snow, Dean.”
However small that world might be.
“No, no, I wouldn’t. There are a hundred ways I could disappear, right into the middle of society, but… I wouldn’t belong. The expectations are confining, the crowds are suffocating. And if I were recognised, I would be running for the rest of my life.”
“Samandriel.”
He did not see the manned longboats that were rowing towards shore.
“It’s a shame you can’t grow legs,” Cas had commented.
“We got one!”
“Dean…”
“And do you think I would have been better off living with myself, knowing I could have saved you? Dean…” Cas didn’t even feel himself reaching forward with one hand to cup Dean’s face. Not until skin met skin, and he was faced with the hunter’s stunned expression. “Surely you must realise by now, there’s nothing I wouldn’t do for you. Yes, you might snap at me. You might push me away, or hurt me deeply-” Dean winced, “but I would still come back to you. Maybe not in my happiest state, but I’ll always come back. And no matter what, I will always put you before me.”
“How do you know that song?” Cas asked lightheartedly.
They journeyed together through aisles of fiction, tossing back and forth their respective preferences, as well as the odd critique. It was interesting to see what made the man’s eyes spark to life. It was also interesting to see how their tastes in literature and media differed, and though Castiel wasn’t as big of a geek as the other man, there was fortunately one thing they could agree on.
“You really think so?”
Dean frowned.
“I should have done that a long time ago,” Dean murmured.
, when referring to classics.”
“Agreed,” Castiel replied as he scanned the book. “Although most people who come in here would think of
Castiel never minded planning; it usually eased his mind. Back on the ship, he was the first to run through every possibility and the first to prepare, other than Captain Shurley. But now, as exposed as he was, planning his survival only seemed to make the human more anxious. With no drawing utensils to ease Castiel away from the anxiety, there was only one other way he knew how to cope: by singing.
Cas blushed. "You don't have to say anything. I know this may all seem a bit much, coming from someone who's not that noticeable."
Maybe they should dance more often, especially if it meant he could whisper “I love you” to Cas every time.
Cas took a deep breath to fill his heart with courage. No half truths. Nothing hidden.
"Classy ride for a classy lady," Dean said, throwing a flirtatious wink her way. Charlie only giggled as she hopped into the passenger seat, hiking up the skirts of her golden ball gown. Though it pained Dean not to have classic rock sounding through the speakers of his car, he made an exception and allowed Charlie to pick the songs as they drove towards the school. Suffice to say, her music choices weren't too bad. Kind of catchy, actually, though Dean would never admit it out loud.
“No, you won’t be able to stay afloat.” Dean made his tone softer. “We’ll make it, don’t worry. Just trust me, ok?”
“Hello, Dean,” came the breathy, almost raspy reply. Dean pulled his chair closer so that he was seated right next to the hospital bed, a relieved smile on his face. Gently, he held one of Cas’s hands, and while the angel was not used to this intimate contact from the hunter, he welcomed it nonetheless.
If only Cas knew, those same eyes have noticed nothing other than him since the moment they arrived.
