But as Sherlock kissed him, and as he kissed back, John felt like he was burning inside. He didn’t understand. Sherlock loved him, had always loved him. John loved him fiercely in return. So why did the horror of losing him remain?
She slammed the paper down on the table. “So this is how I have to hear about it? From the papers? You utter wanker!”
“Mrs. Hudson,” he moaned, pushing himself upright, “what time is it?”
“Who?”
She was shaking her head, though not in denial. With a hopeful gleam in her eye, she asked, “Like what?”
Now that he thought about it, John had been cursing a lot these past few days.
“It’s the little things, John, that one must learn to observe. And I’ve come to trust the instincts of loved ones. Those who are closest to us are keenest to our deceptions: even if they can’t quite put their thumb on it, they can almost always tell when something is a little off. Lemons and onions, John. Lemons and onions.” He smiled at John’s pensive nodding, his little brain struggling to keep up; he found it endearing. “Now then. If we leave now we can be there with enough time to crack this one before dinner.”
“What? Look, right there, I broke the skin. It might scar.”
But there was that little something Mr. Jacobs said that gave him pause, in response to Sherlock’s query about how he knew the woman wasn’t his wife: “This woman, she’s doing things my Jackie never does. Watching that crap telly all the day long. Jackie hates the telly, only ever watches the news. And not even sitting and watching, just setting the volume high and stepping away to the kitchen where she does nothing but cut up lemons and onions and stew pots and pots of cod soup. Jackie doesn’t even
John shook his head somberly. “So,
“I get . . . amorous.”
“I mean.” Sherlock huffed. “Did he look upset, unhealthy,
“Stabby stabby,” John sighed, tiredly, his head falling back against the wall. But his hands were on Sherlock’s upper arms, kneading the flesh. When he discovered the muscle there, his eyebrows lifted, impressed.
“Oh my God,” he whispered.
“You need to stop finding yourself in here, John,” said one doctor with a stern wag of the finger but a twinkle in the eye. “Pretty soon, the whole hospital will know you by name.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. He didn’t need Mycroft telling him how to Alpha. He ended the call and went to the kitchen to make John a calming tea.
They stood in a crowded pub at midday. Outside the window flowed a steady stream of Londoners on their way to join the demonstrations at Marble Arch, some carrying homemade signs for picketing, others sporting t-shirts with the words Set John Free! and Omega Rights Are Human Rights! and ALPHAS SUCK! emblazoned in permanent black marker or otherwise silver-and-pink glitter across the chest. Inside, the mounted television sets continued the BBC report.
Sherlock rose abruptly to his feet, the chair screeching beneath him. “
“Oh,” he said again.
“I’m going to bed,” Sherlock announced. He looked absolutely drained of energy, and his eyes were glassed over. “I said I’d send you home, and I will. I just need to be alone right now.”
Sherlock reached a hand and grabbed John’s shoulder.
“Rules, Sherlock. Let’s get a few things straight.”
“That’s it, I can’t take this anymore. You smell toxic, and it’s affecting more than just your hormones.”
“Well, it’s what I do,” he said.
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow. “Who?”
Sherlock stilled, his eyes on the scar. Slowly, he moved closer and kissed it sweetly. Then he lifted his head, cupped John’s face, and said, “It’s what brought us together. Call me selfish, but I wouldn’t change that for anything.”
“We ain’t bloody couriers.”
The abrupt motion halted Sherlock in his tracks. Lamp in hand, cord dragging on the floor, he stared at John on the stool, bare from the belt up. John regretted his spur decision and wished for the shirt back. He felt terribly exposed, and embarrassed.
Mr. Geraets had released the rhino in the hopes of creating a distraction that would allow him to escape. The animal had to be put down with a tranquilizer gun before Sherlock and John could get out of the tree. By then, Mr. Geraets, who couldn’t flee the zoo because every exit point was being monitored by officers of the Met, was holed up in the veterinary clinic where just the day before, a lynx had undergone a blood transfusion for internal bleeding after consuming a rat that had itself consumed rat poison. The zoo had made headlines.
“One more question. Theoretically speaking. If one were to extract the Alpha hormones that bind him to his Omega, and insert them into another Omega without a bite or a knot, but by way of intravenous therapy or as a hypodermic injection directly into the subcutaneous tissues”—Mike’s eyebrows rose—“would that Omega then, technically, be part of the Alpha’s pack?”
“Mm.” John touched Sherlock’s cheek, drawing his face over his shoulder for a kiss. “Guess that means you belong to me now, Holmes. You’re a permanent part of me. Etched into my skin.”
“Nothing. I just, you know, don’t take sugar.”
, John? Please.”
The violin screeched, and Sherlock whirled toward him, a look of offense etched across his face.
He tried to feel something in his body that indicated something of the sort had happened to it, but he felt strong, healthy, as good as ever, except . . .
Sherlock
“Taured.”
A little wary, Sherlock slowly removed his scarf and coat while keeping a steady eye on John, who continued to type, unperturbed. As he crossed the floor, he tried to read the expression on John’s face, but from the side all he could see was a black-and-purple splotch, a memento from the night before. He needed to see him head-on. So he acquiesced and sat himself in the chair across the table, folded his hands in his lap, and waited.
He went for his mobile.
With a terrified whimper, he scrambled for his phone and began a frantic hunt for information and advice, but the all-knowing search engine didn’t seem to understand his questions. When he googled “how to jumpstart your heat,” the internet asked, “Do you mean
“Yeah, that’s the private detective’s bitch, innit?”
John trailed off as his eyes read ahead but his mouth ceased to work.
Sherlock sucked in his breath and plunged again below the surface, eyes wide and searching, but it was too dark to see anything. Although he thought he had aimed very close to the very spot where John had gone down, already he himself was being swept downriver. That meant John was ever so slightly further along.
“Nn-nnh,” he replied. “Sher— Sher—”
an Alpha-X (both having anatomies that included a penis), though only a 50% chance of impregnation by a Beta-Y. And, most disturbing to John, the Omega-Y, copulating with either of the Alpha sexes, had once been capable of becoming pregnant, though no longer. The capability was now defunct (df):
For over an hour after waking up in Sherlock’s bed, John couldn’t move. He lay flat on his back—fists clutching the sheets to his chin—and stared blankly up at the ceiling.
sense. Which is why I feel like such an idiot for not seeing it coming. It’s like getting hit by a train and being surprised by it when you’ve been standing on the tracks for years. It was definitely coming, so how did I ignore all the bells and whistles?”
He glanced to the side where a fourth Omega, an Omega-X, had entered and was just at the first station. “Uh,” he said, his volume dropping even further, “a week?” Discomfited, he rubbed the back of his neck, eyes skipping around the room.
“Yes. Thank you.” Sherlock stood and buttoned his coat. “This has been very . . . enlightening, Mr. Melas.”
“I don’t know, Sherlock, I feel like . . . like I’m unfolding.”
On the train back to London, sitting in a private room, on the same bench, hands clasped between them, they devised their plan. Sherlock laid out all the details he had gathered from Dr. Serebryakov and interpreted them. John repeated them to exactness, rehearsing the proposal he would deliver through the mirror. It scared him, Sherlock’s solution. A part of him didn’t want to suggest it to his counterpart, let alone go through with it. But Dr. Stapleton had said that the treatments of her scent would ignite early heat. If that was true, and if Sherlock's ministrations hadn't counteracted the hormone boost that would send his body craving the knot, then that meant he had only a few days before his cycle started again. He would bear it, if he had to. Knowing what to expect, knowing Sherlock would take care of him, made the thought more tolerable. And if he was entirely honest, a part of him . . . wanted it.
“He admires you. He’s impressed by
She rolled her eyes but gave John a nod. “John.”
to protest, ‘I’m a really good swimmer!’ Ha! If you’re lucky enough to survive all of
“You’re living it, John. We both are. And besides, the theoretical groundwork has been laid for decades. But I am only tangentially familiar with it.” Then, seeming embarrassed by this gap in his expansive knowledge, he waved a hand dismissively and said, “Not my field.”
Lips turning down by a few degrees, as though he were hurting in some way that Sherlock didn’t understand but was prepared to do anything to correct, John nodded. In a soft voice, he said, “Some things”—he looked even sadder now—“don’t go away.”
John’s jaw hardened. His hand tightened around the phone. “Shit shit shit,” he whispered into the mouthpiece.
“When you get home,” said Sherlock, rising, fingertips brushing the top of John’s hand as he did so, “we’ll talk.”
John didn’t answer, just stuck out his left arm and waited.
with a child version of themselves in our own universe. Mozart can compose as a four-year-old because his mind has already had a lifetime’s worth of composing somewhere else. Or think about Da Vinci. I mean, Christ, the man was designing helicopters
“Oh, you have a cat?” said Sherlock with feigned nonchalance as he threw another chary glance John’s way. “Animals can be a great source of comfort at times like these.” He cleared his throat and asked with a casual air, “What’s his name?”
“How is this possible?” Sherlock asked, breathless.
“God, Molly.”
He made one escape attempt.
“About the mirror.”
3 = Attraction mild
“How dare you speak that way to an Alpha. Your Alpha.” Her voice was level, almost monotone, but her eyes had begun to smolder. “I’m in you now, do not forget.”
Pointedly, Sherlock motioned to the stack of bills. “Would you care to post these? Electricity, water, internet, phone, loitering ticket, trespassing fines, and heating bills, all paid in full, and run the rent down to Mrs. Hudson?” He patted the topmost envelope.
“—that the body is not
Sherlock’s brow furrowed, concerned, as it dawned on him what John was saying. Even if John switched back to his own world and his John returned to this one, Dr. Stapleton’s obsession would not be ended, not with the kind of evidence she had acquired. He would challenge her, of course, and win, but others might take up her work. The existence of her work and any evidence she had acquired needed to be destroyed, or no John would be safe.
“John?”
But then he blinked.
But wait. Did that mean . . . no. But maybe? No. Of course not. They were friends. But . . . the bedroom. Had he been coming on to
John’s face had gone bright red. “It’s not that. It’s . . .”
“Get to the point.”
Further putting John off his guard was what Sherlock was wearing. Which was to say, he wasn’t wearing much. He donned his dressing gown, but as far as John could tell, not much else. His eyes were drawn to the v of skin showing beneath the gown, and to his bare legs and feet; when he moved, though, he caught a flash of boxer shorts and relaxed a little. Still, this sudden appearance was entirely unexpected and left John with a mouth hanging open before he found any words at all, which, when they came out, found form in nonsensical profanity.
With a grand, sweeping hand and a grin like a cat, Lestrade held the door and bid John follow after his erstwhile lover.
But they weren’t, quite.
“What?”
“Afghanistan? Bullet?”
John was coming in from the kitchen, bearing a fresh cup. He smiled at Sherlock and wordlessly poured him a new cup.
Now wearing a scowl, John said. “Oh sure, I’m not clever enough to be a spy, but a
John climbed over, knees bobbing. With Sherlock still holding onto him tightly, he looked down into the black waters. Lights below the bridge, for the sake of passing boats, illuminated the distance he would fall.
Mycroft clipped off the telly. “Tell me what you mean to do.”
“In Chelmsford. The old family home? She did mention it. The family sold it to an experimental teaching hospital sometime midcentury, but it went broke and she bought it back. She was telling me all about her father’s chemistry lab and state-of-the-art equipment that was just sitting there, collecting dust.”
“Hello.”
“Good God. Are you sure? Did others come to his aid?”
in any way?”
“Damn you and your damn scents and this damn fucking shit-soaked universe,” he muttered under his breath.
Sherlock suddenly stood, made an about-face, and strode into the kitchen.
the time. While you’re, you know,
“You can’t dismiss the biological factors.”
“I thought you told me that your ‘Omega’ body is smaller than this one.’
was the one in the hospital bed. “Were you . . . I’m sorry, did they . . . ?” She couldn’t quite say it.
“Next time.”
“Glad I could help you out, then,” said John dismally.
“Oh, right.” At last, despite himself, Sherlock smiled. “See? I told you. You’re of equal mindpower, the pair of you.”
They arrived in Hammersmith at the home of Elmer and Jackie Jacobs, and upon entering, being ushered inside the chilly house by an ever-nervous Mr. Jacobs, Sherlock’s nostrils were instantly assaulted with the smell of boiling fish and onions. In the back room toward the kitchen, a television set blared loudly. In the kitchen, they found the woman chopping onions with a silver cook’s knife. A large bowl filled with lemons—a dozen at least—rested on the countertop.
John tore a sheet from the notebook and rolled it up like a straw. He stepped to the lab counter’s Bunsen burner and twisted the valve to release the gas, only then realizing that a striker or match wasn’t readily at hand, and he had no way to light it. Shit shit shit. Had Byron not left his cigarette lighter lying around somewhere? Panicking, he returned to the drawers to rummage, hoping to discover a striker or box of matches or lighter or
, Sherlock! My God!”
He paused at the door and waited.
.” Suddenly, he was on his feet, pacing. “And I came at you like— like—”
Finally, John’s eyes came up, and they were filled with concern. “How bad?”
But Sherlock wasn’t registering
“You could have solved that one from the couch. Andrew West—Westie to his friends—was found with a bashed in head but very little blood, right where the track curved, a track that, only a couple of miles south, runs right under the window of his future brother-in-law, a future brother-in-law who happened to be a debt-ridden drug addict desperate enough to filch a rather
Sherlock was more blunt. “No sex?”
“You know, John,” she said, trailing after him as he made a beeline for the door in his desperate need to escape this stranger’s house, “this is exactly why you and I have
attractive. As Sherlock was fond of reminding him, John was ordinary and had the added drawback of a brain that was barely functional. If his Sherlock were to be attracted to anything or anyone, that person would have to match him for intellect. John fell woefully short.
It was with these new fears and complicated feelings roiling inside of him that he approached 221B Baker Street, the sun inching into the sky and warming his shoulders. He didn’t have his key, but it didn’t matter, because at that moment, the door opened.
“Free Omega John! Free Omega John!”
to simple. Not with that kind of thing in your history. You’re just making things messier. And anyway, you’re lying.”
“Why!” Sherlock threw himself back into his seat and crossed his arms. “Never mind. What do I know?”
John laughed shortly. “Yeah, I don’t think so.”
“It was the morning after the last heat we shared together. Him and me. It was just a little thing. He said—” Sherlock dropped his head, like he was mortified, like repeating it was costing him something. “He said,
in that light before—he was floundering in determining how he felt about John’s interest in him, let alone his own interest in John. That was,
Sherlock made a startled noise, like a bird being strangled. He looked personally offended by the notion that some other version of himself might be a virgin. “Let me get this straight. You live with Sherlock. You love Sherlock. But you won’t sleep with Sherlock.”
The young Alpha’s name was Byron. John had already gathered that he had not too long ago been Dr. Stapleton’s student and had been graduated to lab assistant.
John went to bed before Sherlock got back, but he was still awake when he heard his flatmate’s tentative return. Sherlock was walking cautiously up the stairs as though afraid to enter the sitting room and find John still awake. Safely tucked away in his own room, John listened to Sherlock move through the flat for a few minutes before finally retiring to his room.
He allowed himself a few fallen tears. Then he sniffed loudly, tightened his jaw, and squared his shoulders. He did not look down. Instead, he looked straight ahead and across the river at the lights of London. He thought them beautiful.
“Of course, we expect you would deny it—”
until Sherlock. Why? Well, because Sherlock loved him. And he loved Sherlock. It made every bit of difference. And what’s more, even taking heats out of the equation, he realized he could be happy, perfectly happy, because of that bond. He’d missed his last heat, hadn’t he? And yet he hadn’t missed it at all, hadn’t longed for it, hadn’t felt sorry to have skipped it for the first time in all his life. Nevertheless, his love for Sherlock was in no way diminished. If anything, their separation made him realize that he loved him all the more.
A sign outside the gates to the zoo read “Closed for Maintenance,” which Sherlock smirked at. Sergeant Sally Donovan stood at the gate to lead them past ticketing and straight into the park.
. I fucking fought them off, like I told you.”
Energy transference.
“Which makes
talking about it, so why would I start
And with that, John made an abrupt about-face, marched back through the kitchen, down the hall . . . and straight into Sherlock’s bedroom.
“Only in the case of prisoners.”
“Never what?”
“Nearly nine o’clock.”
“One.”
Reactively, Sherlock scowled, folded his arms across his chest, and huffed. It was the petulant, childish Sherlock John knew only too well, and though the behavior had annoyed him in the past, just now it made him ache for his old companion. “You don’t know anything about it,” Sherlock said bitterly. “Lest you forget,
“This is fucked up.”
Despite all that he’d already experienced, John’s first reaction was tinged with skepticism. “Until just recently, I used to think that was all science fiction.”
“This computer has no internet,” said Sherlock, “no server connection to any other systems. That’s good. That means nothing outgoing. If anything is on here, it’s all
He was told that Molly needed her rest, and John promised to come back some other time. He left the hospital room but was only two steps down the hall, heading for the lifts, when his feet screeched beneath him and he came to an abrupt halt. Someone was coming toward him, someone he recognized, wearing a white coat and carrying a short stack of medical files.
“Hey.” He put a hand to John’s side and felt the ribs swell and deflate with John’s labored breaths. “You think I’ll be shocked.”
Sherlock looked pleased.
“Now you’re just making up words.”
“Just a few days ago, I didn’t.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Shut up.”
In a neighboring universe, something was happening that neither Sherlock nor John expected. What’s more, it was all over the news.
“. . . Sure.”
Five minutes later, John stood nervously at the open partition, wearing goggles and a noise-cancelling headset, one ear exposed. Sherlock, ever the defiant one, had yet to dress himself properly and wore the goggles on the top of his curly head and the headset around his neck. On the long table beneath the open partition were laid five different pistols.
She was rambling, and far less composed than she had been ten days before.
But even
unlikely prospect that there is something supernatural, that is, something as
change that.”
“John, John, John,” he moaned. It was the most glorious name in creation.
As Byron’s face appeared behind her, she held out her hand to John. “Come here, baby, I’ll protect you.”
“Maybe . . . maybe I wanted to get wasted.”
“Oh, I’m back,” he breathed. “I’m home.”
“It’s half four in the morning, John. All of London is asleep.”
“Sherlock, I can’t!”
There were dozens more stacks and print-outs, so it surprised Sherlock when John suddenly pushed his chair back and stood. “Your dinner is in the oven,” he said. “Baked chicken marsala. Take it out in ten minutes, let it sit for five.” And he started to walk away.
out before the rhino chase!” He chuckled deeply to himself. “You should have heard Lestrade squeal like a warthog.”
wanted it to happen again. Maybe instead,
.” He could hardly believe he was advising someone else to behave normally. His skin was positively itching.
“I was twelve years old when I had my first cigarette. Seventeen when I took my first shot of something, shall we say, a little more potent. First time in rehab at twenty, second at twenty-two. I was messed up for a long time, John. Big surprise, I know.” He smiled wryly.
Shaking his head, apparently annoyed, Sherlock removed his shirt and tossed it in John’s face. “You can take this shirt to the laundrette in the morning, along with the sheets from your heat. I guess you didn’t take care of that either. What, will we be sleeping tonight in slick-stained blankets? I mean
“Whatever’s on that phone is more than just pictures.” John had been exerting considerable effort
“No, sir. You might wanna crack a window there. You’ll excuse me for saying so, but the smell is a bit ripe.”
As a matter of course, John had always looked forward to his impending heats, but he had never fully examined why. The physical ecstasy was unmatched, and certainly a highlight. It was more than that, though. It was the feeling of existing. An Omega in heat was fulfilling his or her quintessential purpose in life. In the bedroom, on his knees, in the nude, he felt needed and valued, cherished even, in his bond-mate’s care. Heats were the be-all and end-all of what he was for. Right? Of course, they hadn’t meant nearly so much until Sherlock came along. In fact, being more honest with himself now, before Sherlock, he’d actually dreaded them.
“Then the surviving members of the pack are given space to mourn, and the dead is venerated for defending the honor of his or her Omega.”
Sherlock was distressed; the thought was almost too ugly to even speak, and he struggled through his next words. “Did they knot you?”
“They’re behind you, John!”
“This? This is nothing. I’ll be fine in the morning, and we still have a week yet, yeah? Plenty of time for me to teach you a thing or two.”
“Seven days?” she said loudly to verify.
“And there’s the mouth,” Sherlock murmured under his breath.
As the cycles continued, any resistance he had thought to put up wore thinner and thinner, and by the second day, it was gone entirely. He was putty in Sherlock’s hands, to be handled and moulded however he wished. He ate what Sherlock fed him, drank from whatever cup was placed in his hands or to his lips, and lay still while Sherlock cleaned him with a damp towel. They talked very little, but John had no energy for talking. When they slept, they slept hard, and when they fucked, they fucked
meant she had somehow snuck in. Urgent
John’s gasp was contained and his mind began to whirr, but Sherlock forced the conversation to forge ahead, saying, “Explain.”
Sherlock’s fingers had traveled further north to a long but thin and shining scar on John’s bicep.
John’s heart squeezed painfully in his chest. The voice was so like the one he knew. But this Sherlock . . . He wasn’t
upset?”
he was thinking. But he couldn’t help but marvel that in a world so topsy turvy and ass-backwards as this one, where so little was familiar and most of his acquaintances had disappeared from his life, he had still found Sherlock, and Sherlock had found him.
“Did they keep the passport?”
“Are you feeling sick again?” He indicated the corpse.
When his heart started beating again, it pumped hot blood. He wasn’t fighting for himself. He was fighting for Molly Hooper.
. Times.
capable of so much more.”
. But it didn’t fix it. I wasn’t really happy until just now.” He pinched Sherlock’s cheeks. “You’re my happy.”
Why was he so nervous? What was he expecting? Had he only heard the innuendos where none were intended? He reviewed the conversation a thousand times, and now he was beginning to doubt. Sherlock was far more often blunt and undisguised in his language. It was John who revelled in metaphor.
think Sherlock was being unfaithful. Which is ridiculous, but I think I understand the reason behind his worry. I’m telling you, though, there was really no way around it.”
“He thinks he recognizes you. He does. From the telly. Just. Turn this way. Casually.”
Then:
“But … how can I make that happen again? If I want to see him again, how can I communicate that we need to sync up?”
As if in slow motion, a fully awake John Watson lifted his head from Sherlock’s chest. In the dark, their eyes met. Sherlock parted his lips, having no idea what he was about to say. But John spoke first.
An invitation would never come; there was no time to wait for an opening. John had to create one himself. So he charged into the fracas.
The young man swiveled back and forth, restless and excited, but he was at least trying to come across as professional. “What can I do for you gentlemen?” he asked.
“Same as it always was, John,” Sherlock said, bored.
“Ignore the vapid, flowery language. I’m getting to the good stuff. Here, I’ll skip ahead.”
Sherlock rocked back on one foot. “Eh? When?”
milk?”
And he was struck by two distressing thoughts:
He grasped the handle, but the door was locked. He huffed. No damn door was going to keep them apart. Clamping his powerful hand around the handle once more, he twisted it with all his might until something snapped, something twanged, something crunched, and the lock was busted. He threw the door open.
Next he knew, he was on his feet. “I have to go,” he said.
“Seriously?”
It was not a question he wanted to test.
John 1:
“No, he’s . . . out.”
“It’s a damn good plan. Takes care of all the moving parts.”
, Mycroft.”
He felt like an idiot, standing there, in the center of a ring of hundreds of shelves and thousands upon thousands of books. Where was he supposed to start? What was he even looking for, really? Maybe this was a mistake. Maybe all Sherlock meant to do was get him out of the way so he could do the real work, so off with you, John, go on your little snipe hunt, and I’ll see you tonight.
John had a complicated relationship with touch and his intimate partners. When he was still quite young and some of his scars from childhood were more noticeable than they were today, he had been rather embarrassed by his body. Size and definition aside, there were a lot of stories imprinted, carved, and burned across his skin. The first girl to ever see his arse had been repulsed, and the second couldn’t stop staring. Some had been vicariously uncomfortable with the scars, others had become too mothering and delicate, and one thought they were funny and couldn’t stop laughing. They hadn’t gone far that night.
And that was when his reflection blinked.
“Sorry,” said John, with a half-laugh. “Didn’t hear you.” He set his instruments down and faced Sherlock directly. “Come again?”
. At least, not the kind you went out with on weekends, just to socialize. And especially not another couple. He and Sherlock had always been the staying-in sorts, and the keeping-to-ourselves sorts. But these days, they were constantly coming and going, often together, but not always. John had meetings with the leaders of the revamped Nothing Knotting organization, and rallies with the newly burgeoning Omega Rights movement. But aside from that, he socialized with new friends, like tonight, or went out on cases with Sherlock. That was probably his favorite kind of outing. The cases. They were terrific fun, and he enjoyed watching Sherlock show off, seeking to impress his bond-mate in a way he’d never sought to impress before.
Sherlock just stared at him until he continued.
—biology dictates that she has to endure another knotting with yet another Alpha who doesn’t give a damn about
And John wasn’t letting go. He was latched on like a limpet, face buried in the crook of Sherlock’s neck and arms locked around him. His breathing was long and labored, like he’d just run a mile and was trying to catch his breath. He was hot, perspiring, and an occasional shudder crawled up his spine and shook them both. But his grip was unbreakable.
“Oh. Yeah, no problem.” John grunted as he stood. “Maybe I’ll just have to find the latest episode online.” He grabbed the stack of bills and headed for the door. Sherlock listened to his footsteps descend and then, unable to stand it anymore, shouted, “Good thing I paid the internet bill then, eh? You’re welcome!”
“I would have been an Alpha, though, wouldn’t I? And the other Sherlock? He would have gotten the humbling of his life.”
“What if,” he began, slowly, choosing his words with care, “I don’t want to be an Omega anymore?”
At last, for the first time that morning, Sherlock lifted his head and turned to cock an eyebrow at John. Incredulity was written all over his face. He stood. Slowly, he stalked over to John, and, was it just him? Or did Sherlock seem . . . taller? Broader. Stronger. John almost felt himself shrinking. Every step made him want to both shiver and recoil. Sherlock positioned himself behind John's chair and leaned over him, one arm on either side, dwarfing him, trapping him, and typed rapidly onto the keyboard, logging him in.
“What, are you going to try to tell me that Juniper Jordan
“I’m fine,” he said, perhaps more forcefully than he should have. “I’m visiting a friend.”
Then he hurriedly got to his feet, muttering something about needing a drink of water, telling Sherlock to go back to sleep, and he limped out of the room, leaving Sherlock on his knees, more furious than ever. Those Alphas were going to pay.
Sherlock.” He sighed, almost dreamily. “Do you think he thinks about me at all, Sham Sherlock?” He snorted. “Sham Sherlock. Sham-lock. Shamrock. You’re a very handsome leprechaun, Shamrock.” He tee-heed some more and continued fluffing Sherlock’s hair.
Before he was even finished speaking, Sherlock was nodding fervidly. “I can go change it out right now.” And he made as though to leave, but John gripped him firmly at the shoulders to keep him in place.
"Have you been waiting for me?" John was slightly amused at the sight of his friend and his curly hair. "You could come or write to me," he said and looked at Molly, who came up to them, "or shout over the balcony."
"He can't do anything right because he thinks of you all day." Mrs. Hudson said loudly from the corridor, peering over Sherlock's shoulder. She wanted to see how John reacted to her words, but she was disappointed. First, because John didn't turn around or even lookup. Secondly, because Sherlock immediately closed the door, even more, leaving only a narrow gap at the width of his head.
When he was halfway down the corridor he looked up. He had bright eyes that gave Sherlock a slight shiver. The man had a piercing, gray look. Dangerous, indifferent, and cold. When he noticed them, he slowed down. At one point he stopped, causing the other two men to fall right into his back. His face changed in a split second. He froze, opened his mouth slightly. He didn't blink. Sherlock could see his breathing getting faster. He did not know how long they stood silently more than twenty feet apart, nor did he know what could cause such a surprise. Sherlock almost jumped when he saw his sudden movement. The man moved forward without a word, but two bodyguards grabbed him by the shoulders. They had to use all their strength to stop him in place. Unlike Sherlock, they didn't look surprised or even interested.
They were slowly approaching Whitechapel district. He recognized it by what the surroundings looked like, but mostly by the smell. The stench of all kinds of secretions mingled with the horse dung that hadn't been removed from the street for days. Faded walls, cracked windows, narrow passages. All this was a showcase of the poorest district of London. Even the cobblestone on the street was different from that one in the main part of town. He could feel it because the hansom cab bounced and swayed in every possible direction. However, what struck him the most was the people. He saw hunger and poverty. He saw a mother holding her crying child in her arms, and an almost toothless prostitute, who even at this early hour was trying to seduce some drunk man. He saw a bootblack waiting for the client and children in ragged clothes that chased a cat with sticks in their hands. Every street they entered seemed narrower than the one before. Tall buildings limited light, and the crowd of curious people grew denser with each passing moment.
Mycroft, who heard Sherlock's soft murmur, sighed softly. "I know. I'm really sorry, brother mine." His voice rang unnoticed in the corridor, as did their footsteps on a soft carpet. "I would also prefer that this situation was not so serious and so you ... could finally do what you have been thinking of for so long." He smiled sadly. He wanted to comfort him, though it didn't work out too well.
6. Do you have any other suggestions or ideas that you would like to read about?
John turned his head and, saw the reason for the lack of his sleep. Mycroft. The man lay next to him, looking exhausted. His chest slowly lifted and fell. The morning light burst into the room through the thin curtains and lighted Mycroft's calm face. His aquiline nose, short eyelashes, and thinning hair. He looked so calm and John could barely take his eyes off him. The awareness that he lay next to such an influential person was almost beyond his strength. He smiled slightly under his breath and shook his head.
"Does one hour make such a difference?"
"It's so not like you," John muttered, making the older man frowned.
Holmes sat motionless with the same cryptic expression on his slightly tilted face. "Even if it's risky?" he muttered, not hiding his surprise. "What are you willing to sacrifice to catch the murderer?" he asked with curiosity in his voice.
John was silent, but he immediately had to lower his eyes and tighten his lips so as not to laugh loudly. He cringed slightly in his arms and stared at pale Josh, who was listening to Arian's curses. Josh had probably never heard so many offensive words in such a short time before, because he was standing without a word, eyes wide open. Lucy shook her head harder and closed her ears. Sherlock and Sebastian watched the scene silently, and John tried to reconcile compassion with amusement. He was too preoccupied and did not notice when Moran finished his cigarette, threw it down the slope, and walked to the rock where Arian continued his angry monologue.
"John ..." Aroner touched tenderly doctor's cheek with his lips. "... save this evening for me, please."
This time it was Mycroft who decided to take on the burden of the conversation. He turned his whole body to him. "John, listen" he cast a glance at the floor, then looked up. "You said a few days ago that you were a monster. But it was about the fact that you love two people, not about love. We fully understand your doubts and the reasons that led you to make your decision. Any normal person would have problems with that just like people who are directly affected by this matter. However, you must have realized for a long time now ... "he paused, thus trying to make John pay more attention," that neither of us is normal, thinking about this word the same as ordinary people. Whether it's good or bad depends on your point of view and self-esteem. For Sherlock and me, ordinariness and normality are not positive terms. We want to be true to ourselves, and if someone cannot accept it, It's not our problem. We rejected normality because we have a bad association with this word ... I guess you too since you decided to live with someone like my brother "he added with a slight smile. "Give up a normal, gray, and ordinary life. Forcing yourself to follow generally accepted norms will not make you happy."
"Then, it reflects badly on them." Mycroft ground his teeth, but Sherlock didn't care. As usual. Disturbing thoughts crossed his mind. He felt that he had let John down, he was afraid that he would put him in danger again. He also didn't feel well knowing that despite all his efforts he had not brought the Moriarty case to an end. He would gladly deal with it if the circumstances were different. The only thing he could think about now was his love for John. The desire to finally have him in his arms, to feel the taste of his lips, and confess what he felt for him all these years. The last thing he wanted to do was to return to matters related to his arch-enemy, who forced him to leave his dearest John alone. But he knew one thing. As long as Moriarty was in their lives, he will not be able to experience John's love. The danger lurking on the horizon has never had a positive effect on people's feelings and emotions. He understood that to get all his friend's attention he had to control and resolve the tense situation. Otherwise, John couldn't focus on what he felt and what they had in common. The sight of his face confirmed it. John stood thoughtful, afraid, and focused on something completely different than Sherlock had hoped. He wanted to wrap his arms around him, erase his uncertainty, and worry from his face. Smooth the wrinkled forehead with his lips and warm his cold fingers with his hands. He saw it all in his imagination and barely kept his body from acting. He learned how to do it because John's closeness often tempted him and ...
"In that case, what is this all about?"
"We have to go this way," Sherlock said, pointing to a very narrow passage. It was so tight that they had to go one after the other.
He shook his head, casting a glance at the detective, and took a deep breath. "You were right. The Ripper is showing off. He's not just killing for pleasure anymore. He's perfecting his art. We've got to stop him otherwise we'll find the next victim in pieces."
"I doubt it. It was dark and I ..."
While he was drinking brandy in an elegant carriage, the killer vented his frustration with a failed attack on another woman.
Usually, he would ignore this remark or he would respond maliciously, but not this time. He didn't want to be sassy to someone he thought was nice to John. He noticed that John was grateful to him whenever he refrained from making comments. He liked it when he looked at him like he does now - with a slight amusement on his face and a glint in his eyes. The fact that his friend's attention was now focused on him made him straighten up even more. He raised a corner of his mouth and stood next to his friend. "I just admire," he said, provoking visible irritation on her face. He watched her slightly bored attitude change into ready for confrontation. She put her hands on her hips, but didn't say a word, just waited for clarification. "I rarely have a chance to meet people who practice archery. Especially those who use English longbow." He saw a change on her face. He also saw the surprise and curiosity in John's eyes. His friend was watching her closely, but it didn't bother her because she was as surprised as he was.
Sounds of music and applause of delighted people kept coming from the room. Mycroft tried to relax in the warm night. He watched the stars reflecting in the water and stared at passing motorboats and yachts. He didn't even hear when the music died down a bit and when John stood next to him.
"You won't kiss me?" John asked, watching the genius return to his previous position and smooth his hair.
"Why such a conclusion?" Mycroft asked. He turned his attention away from the almost empty glass and looked carefully at his brother.
"Cazzo!" he shouted at the other gondolier. "Testa di cazzo!".
"I booked an apartment for this name," he murmured in a deep voice, still glancing toward the stairs. He tried to look at all the doors alongside the hall, but he did not notice any clue that would facilitate his task.
He frowned in a slightly playful manner. "I didn't say a word that we are going to live together."
John sighed and rubbed his face. "What have you done?". He didn't wait for an answer. He put his hand on the door and moved it sideways.
"Relax, Watson. The police know about this. I got a telegram from Lestrade," he said, picking up and waving a small piece of paper.
"I'm leaving," Mycroft said, after clearing his throat. He leaned forward hesitantly and kissed his pretended husband on the forehead. John refrained from sighing at the last moment. However, before he could react, the older man incredibly quickly disappeared from the apartment. John looked at Francesca. She looked a bit embarrassed, but she was smiling and giggling.
Trapped between the two bodies, John was now able to concentrate on one thing. On his friend's lips. The last time he had watched him so closely was in Venice was when they wandered the narrow streets and when Sherlock pressed him against the wall. The difference was, this time John had no intention of pushing him away. Moreover, he held back from pulling him into an aggressive kiss. He didn't want their first kiss to be rough, wild, and devoid of that pleasant tingling sensation in their belly when their lips joined with a loved one for the first time.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
"No... there is no way you two..." he said incredulously. As if he could not believe that Mycroft could go so far as to ...
"I am glad you came back," he said. He turned to him with his hand in his pocket. "I was going to call you in a few minutes."
"I consider the body inspection finished. The rest of the information will be completed for you in the morgue," Phillips said, ignoring what was going on around him. "I will send you the autopsy report by a messenger boy. Now, if you please, Inspector, I will return to my other duties." He closed his notebook with a quick movement and walked over to the concrete steps where Holmes was standing. They both looked at each other for a moment. Finally, the detective let the doctor pass, and he went down to the yard.
"As far as I know, both she and her husband will also have to be at this meeting," Mycroft's tone was dispassionate as if he didn't care. John didn't even doubt it. Over the past week, he realized that Sherlock's older brother not only avoided official banquets but actually detested them. If he had the opportunity, he would go somewhere in the room and spend this kind of situation with a laptop in hand.
unexplained by science, in your abilities.”
John’s face drained of blood.
He froze, mid-pace, and stared off in the distance, a look of even greater horror on his face. After a long, terrible pause, Sherlock said in a hushed voice. “I cheated. I cheated on John.”
“I do
Sherlock smirked, pushed into the pantry, and spotted the anticipated door built into the wooden planks with a little brass hook. “It’s all meant,” he said with grandeur, “to mask the stench of death!”
“The wizard can’t touch her himself, of course,” the man carried on, shamelessly. “He’s more of a voyeur anyway. But what he doesn’t know is that we’re secretly in love with each other. And we don’t know what the other feels, so it’s like, forbidden, but also hot as hell, and it starts slow, but builds and builds until we’re both gasping and wanting it desperately, begging, crying out each other’s names—”
He hadn’t expected to feel such electricity beneath his fingertips. Nothing in his past experience suggested that touching someone—even for the purposes of scientific inquiry—would inspire such longing to touch more and hold more, and to be touched and held in return.
The two Alphas were locked in battle, moving so quickly and fiercely, that John almost couldn’t make out where one Alpha ended and the other began. He knew one thing for sure, though. One wrong move on Sherlock’s part, and it was over. It could be lost so easily. Too easily. Roger wouldn’t yield. He was out for blood. And then neither John nor Molly would receive any justice for the things he and his pack had done. If Roger won this fight, he would be exonerated. Sherlock would be defeated. Not only were attacks on other Omegas sure to follow, but there would be one less defender in London.
Sherlock smirked. “Since when did you take an interest in the scientific method?”
“Impossible.”
He didn’t explain why because he himself didn’t fully know. He knew he’d made a right mess of things for the John of this world, and he knew that the other John had started something . . . special . . . with the Sherlock of his. He wanted dearly to return, so dearly he couldn’t think about it for too long without risking losing control of the burning sensation in his chest that threatened to bubble to the surface. But at the same time, he feared to.
“That’s right.”
, the very subject I’ve been toying with for ages but been too hesitant to publish anything about. I must speak with him, Mr. Holmes. I want an exact account of the moment of displacement. What’s more, if we can prove this to be true, and convince others, think of the contributions his testimony of another world will make to almost every scientific field!”
“Yes, because . . . what? Because you got away. Is that what you’re saying?”
—and he disliked the feeling very much.
, he thought he heard John panting, but he couldn’t be sure, because he was himself still on a high plane of transcendent euphoria, clutching and grasping and letting himself be filled.
“Well, you see,” said John, still needing to explain, “it’s the story of a girl who somehow steps into an alternative world, and—”
“Sorry, sorry,” John muttered. But he scarcely backed away.
“That,” he said, “is two years’ worth of cases. Your cases, and the ones that should have been.”
“I just want you to be happy.” His voice cracked again, filled with regret.
Alphas (besides the one he shared with his own), but he knew a little too well about the unbonded sort, and how dangerous that could prove.
“That was before Molly. Before I understood the kind of damage they could do to one of . . . us. I admit it. I took it too lightly. Blokes roughing each other up in an alleyway, that’s all I thought it was. Criminal, sure, but . . . I don’t know what I’m trying to say. They could have gone after anyone. And they chose me.”
What did it mean, what did it
“I’m sorry you ever felt that way,” Sherlock said, and he closed his eyes and nuzzled John’s face with his own. His lips skimmed across John’s lips. “I’m sorry I made you think you were anything less than the world to me.”
It was back.
“All right, just making sure. And your partner . . .” He seemed to reconsider his question and asked instead, “Have you and your partner been together long?”
“You told me,” said John calmly, and Sherlock had the surreal impression that he was in the presence of some sort of sage, “that if John ever found out how
“Instead of hiring a service,” the reporter continued, “the Bernsteins locked their daughter in a room with estrus aids and pre-made meals for two days. By the time they checked on her, Charlotte was already suffering severe toxic shock from the poisons in her bloodstream. She died in hospital two hours later.”
The questions confused him, but ultimately he couldn’t be arsed to care. He was too miserable. Almost too miserable to respond. But he did, and honestly.
“What if who did what?”
“We’re not Betas, John. We don’t need precursors to arousal, do we?”
“You made breakfast?”
He pulled at the looser, rougher skin at the elbow and traveled further up the arm. John was no longer holding up the arm on his own, and had resigned himself to Sherlock’s exam. That was, until Sherlock ran into the white jersey fabric separating shoulder from neck. Sherlock pulled it aside slowly, down one shoulder, and something funny turned over in John’s stomach. His breath hitched. At the same time, from the stairwell, two sets of footsteps were ascending.
John’s eyes narrowed. “Not Jacqui Stapleton.”
—he was not misinterpreting the admittedly unfamiliar signs of interest. He needed more to work from: quantifiable data, verifiable results.
John shook his head and lifted the six-pack of Coca-Cola as evidence of other plans. “Fancy a game?” In his other hand he held a grocery sack.
“What?”
He just wasn’t counting on Dr. Stapleton entering the fray with a syringe full of tranquilizer. She plunged it into his neck, and he was unconscious before hitting the ground.
John balled his fists at his side and breathed loudly through his nose. “What business,” he asked, his voice dark and low, “is it of
Then it happened, perhaps for the first time, that he understood the difference between not being able to . . . and simply not being allowed.
“Make love to me, Sherlock Holmes.”
Speechless, Sherlock nodded.
John had hoped the pain would just ease out of him, but he was kidding himself. Before long, his abdomen became hardened and was tender to the touch, clear indications to a medically trained professional that he was bleeding internally. With no other choice, he ended up in Omega Emergency. Because Sherlock wasn’t allowed to be with him until he was in recovery, the Alpha detective went to the Yard to file his official challenge to the Alpha pack, promising to return before visiting hours expired. Neither of them said anything about their midnight appointment with the mirror, but it was on John’s mind, and he knew it would be on Sherlock’s. It wouldn’t be happening. Not tonight.
“You’re so sure about that, are you?”
Sherlock froze, taken aback by the outburst.
“Yes. I’m excellent. Thank you. Um. Is there, um, anything you want me to do?”
scents? What if they could choose
cod soup,” said the woman, but Sherlock saw her brow was beaded with sweat, even though, despite the heat in the kitchen, it was rather chilled in the house.
The voice was muffled because of the noise-cancelling headset, but John could make out the words perfectly. He turned his head and saw that Lestrade had rejoined them.
Sherlock feels it when he turns around and finds John’s chair, and not his blue eyes maybe happy to be looking at him.
It was so disappointing the case turned out to be fake. A stupid imitation of Jack the Ripper’s return, and Sherlock had been furious with Lestrade for having wasted his time.
His head is spinning. What he had always wanted is right in front of him, but he doesn’t know what to do. What to say. The detective is panicking.
John stands there, and stares at him with a new hairstyle. He still has tiny hair cuttings on his shoulders, so the detective is sure he had just left the hairdresser.
‘This is the price of feelings.’ Answers the voice inside Sherlock’s mind, it sounds an awful lot like his brother, one more of the many that warned him of every consequence. But Sherlock can’t deny it, not anymore, can’t deny the love and heart-ache he feels being so distant from John.
«Seems like an eight, caught my attention, I mean. I suppose you won’t come.»
«I’m sorry, Sherlock. But I have a date this evening.»
They’re sitting in a corner closer to the window, on the white marble table and chairs. Behind them stands a closet full of pink books and beautiful cakes.
He thought I was leaving him for her, and I can’t believe that. He has misunderstood why I met with Mis Morstan, and I think it very strange for him to draw the wrong conclusion, yet I know how little he understands the human sentiments.
The confectionary is Peggy Porshen at Ebury Street, not that distant of Baker Street. A famous one for the unmistakable pink colour and for the sugar flower of the owner.
John tightens the bottle of medicine he’s got in his hands. He has many emotions inside him, and he just holds them. It’s an analgesic, which is another reason why the doctor is there, because the wound is probably hurting Sherlock, and John can’t stand that. So he places the medicine there, a bit closer to the consulting detective. It’s there if he needs it, just like John wants to be. As he bents closer to Sherlock to puts the medication, he sees something.
When she is out of the room, I sit myself on my armchair, and while I smoke my cigar I try to think on how to solve the elaborate enigma that is Sherlock Holmes.
«I mean, Miss Morstan, obviously. I know you went to her frequently, so I assume a happy announcement is here, or will be here soon. I understand that every gentleman wishes to be married sooner or later.»
John’s gaze is so calm, as he softly calls his name; but Sherlock interrupts him.
John calls a cab. On the sidewalk while he is waiting, he thinks about those words, the words that John really wanted to say:
I don’t say anything now either, when I find him still there, in front of the window in his beige nightgown and playing violin. His tall, slim figure makes a shadow against the sun as if he wished to dull out the day with his mood.
The doctor’s finger points at the newest wound, and the detective gulps.
«I’m not trying to comfort you, but I find it very interesting and comfortable to stare at the ceiling together» In fact, they are with their faces to the ceiling.
Sherlock blinks again but doesn’t say anything. He looks at him unmoving and gulps in an anxious mood, John can identify that.
«Yes. She was, in fact» But he stopped thinking about her like his wife, when John had knew Mary had betrayed him. When he found her in Morocco with a gun and purpose. And when he discovered her true identity.
«Obviously. I think it’s inevitable.» He says and they both giggle, there tightened to each other in the wall that, right from the beginning, saw the start of their love.
«Forgive me for that, I swear, Sherlock. It will never happen again.» He brushes his wounds with his fingertips and Sherlock closes his eyes for an instant...then opens them again, his gaze in the glint of John’s eyes, and it’s very intense, so much that the blogger feels sucked in.
“That’s the reason I went alone.”
“Take off your shirt.” John has an authoritative and strong tone, a tone impossible to replicate, so Sherlock sighs. And there, sitting on the kitchen chair, he does it. It’s evening and only the lighting above the table illuminates the two. Around them is dark, and the consulting detective fears this.
«Even today you’re unbearable, you know?»
' He prefers the case instead of doing those boring things because John wants the excitement, not because he wants to stay with me.'
He feels and anticipates John’s anger, like chills on his skin, he almost winces unbuttoning the shirt. John is behind him, preparing a medical kit with cotton swabs and disinfectant. The doctor forces himself to be professional and calm, despite the anger wrapping around him. It’s hard to breathe, and the air around him is heavy, he glances at Sherlock impatiently, and sees him slowly unbuttoning his shirt and hesitating. John doesn’t understand this, but then the garment slips off the detective’s back at the moment that John has the medical objects in his hands. Then he understands.
“What is it, then? What should I understand?” The consulting detective looks at him because he wants to know! He wants to hear him say this, to understand if what he sees now is correct. To understand if John’s dilated pupils -with anger and a veil of worry- hide something. And if on his face, Sherlock is reading correctly this “something”...
He feels emotions, so many feelings.
said it. But, she is not you, no one can be you.»
«Why this, John? Don’t try to comfort me» His deep tone reverberates in the bedroom, and John loves that voice.
«I mean, sleep with me Sherlock. You know? When two people share the bed and sleep closer...»
He looks at the gaze Sherlock fixes on him, he can probably deduce something in John's reaction or expression and the doctor smiles because he wants that. Today especially, he wants Sherlock to understand.
«I know you understand. I see it in your eyes, my clever man-  He interrupts him with a smile. -So, yes: Irene texted me, and yes: I knew she was alive when I told you she was in America.
Sherlock stands up, grunts and sits beside me.
«Sherlock.» Involuntarily, the blogger whispers his name and something happens. Sherlock stops and shakes himself, like he’s waking from a dream. The detective moves away from John as if the doctor burns like forging steel. John feels his heart go heavy like a stone sinking deep into the water and he doesn’t understand. Because he wants this! John wants something to happen, because God, how much the blogger wants to kiss him. But now Sherlock is away from him.
things
«I’m a coward, John. I’m not the hero you believe i am, and i don’t deserve your admiring look, i don’t deserve you, but i want you to know: John, I’m in love with you. Can you hear me? I’m desperately, foolishly in love with you.» He whispers it so many times, he says the words so long, until they are broken by a sob.
John feels the sheets swish and he sees a part of Sherlock’s face in the darkness. He turns and looks at him. The doctor gets a glimpse of his lovely eyes in the shade, and it’s comfortable.
In the past, John was educated to be strong, to be the rock for everyone, like for his sister Harriet. Whenever she came home drunk after an argument with their parents and hopelessly crying, she needed to be comforted. But now John lets himself go into the arms of the only man who’s there for him.
Oh... well, at this point, we should try to sleep a bit» The consulting detective whispers this and turns to his back, the doctor silently agrees with him.
In another circumstance, Sherlock would be proud of his work, but not this time.
John didn’t think he would find him asleep, and that surprised him a bit. The light that John has seen is coming from a little lamp on the table, and it reflects beautifully unto Sherlock’s face. He’s lying to the right, so John can see him perfectly. He sees he’s not slept well, because he has a worried face and is strongly clutching something. John gets a bit closer and his heart beats fast when he sees what it is: his jacket, the one he left here as he quickly went out furious.
So, at the end she escapes, she and her lies, she and her false pregnancy and John just lets her go. Because he was tired of forgiving her. He knew he stopped loving her after what she did, and he’s just tired. So when Mary prepared herself to escape, he did not object, he doesn’t want anything more to do with her, but Sherlock kept insisting.
He looks at the street through the cab’s window, and holds back the tears of a broken heart. He had been so stupid to think that kiss had meant something; when John had clearly done it just because he was drunk.
It’s six pm, so the detective knows what that means.
Now, thank God, she is far away from them, probably in a security jail, but John doesn’t care about that.
Sherlock sighs, he glances elsewhere. More silent minutes pass between them, like small thorns biting them both.
I press my lips and gulp, placing my hand on his, because I want to show him support and solace, but it doesn’t distant him from it, he looks at my hand as if he didn’t recognise it.
I thought you weren’t interested in that sort of thing, but I was wrong and…I understand now. At Baskerville I had confirmation, yes; but not just there. I’m an idiot, but I’m not stupid, Sherlock. With you, I just excel at observation and I saw the look in your face, your feelings, but I didn’t want to admit it. I saw how amazing you are, even if you hide yourself behind that ‘high-functioning sociopath’ mask. But you are not. God, you are really not.»  His gaze is so tender now, and Sherlock is not able to look away, because he loves to see how much he has underestimated John’s feelings, and dismissed them as just attraction. Despite the fact that he isn’t an expert on sentiment, he can see this is so much more.
John looks at him and finds Sherlock looking back, with attention. So they look at each other for many minutes. Something inside John is so heavy and so hard, he wants to scream the words that, many times, he has almost said. The words he has hidden from Sherlock’s accurate gaze.
I try the obvious.
He lets go of my hand and does a gesture of dismissal to stop me. After that, he wraps my hip with his arm passionately, the way I like it. He puts his sharp eyes into mine, and they are so shiny and alive with so much sentiment for me that, even if we have demonstrated our love for a long time, it moves me anyway.
John kissed him. It was just a brush of lips, but it happened. He can still feel the emotion and the sensation on his mouth. Sherlock sighs at the memory, and looks out the window. London at fall: a few leaves falling to the ground with a sad melody while he remembers.
irritating creature that is Sherlock Holmes:
So John stands up, goes to his armchair, takes the blanket resting on it and puts it on Sherlock.
John feels enraged with Mary. With that woman who escaped someone really evil, someone whom not even her with her assassin's skill could take down, and so Mary married another one for protection.
«On those days your mood was great and satisfied after you saw her, and only became worried when you saw me. Because of my mood clearly. All of it is logical, and if I have to congratulate you, I will do so without resentment.»
«Thank you» He says with a soft tone, and that makes John smile again, and so after some months of suffocated nightmare and troubled nights, together they fall asleep. They sleep comforted by the presence of the other. Together.
Sherlock silences another delusional feeling for him, now that John is walking down the street as the detective looks on sadly through the window.
«I loved Mary, but I stopped loving her when I find out who she really was, and what type of woman I married, a while ago. I didn’t forgive her, but I had to fake it for Rosie, the daughter that we were going to have. Even when we planned to expose her I had to pretend to love her again. But that was it, Sherlock, an act, and you know that. It was the only way to stop her and the only sincere way to protect Rosie was me being closer to Mary. I felt guilty anyway, for betraying her and I had to before, well...it was visible. But I never went back to her, I couldn’t do it and I want you to know it’s different with you. It’s always been different: you’re the best man I’ve ever known.» He brushes Sherlock’s cheek, wet by his tears, and the doctor feels his stomach twist for this adorable man.
John looks at him. Sherlock can read, in the blue wells of his eyes, the anger, disappointment, impotence and sadness that drown John, and Sherlock feels a knot in his throat.
The curly-haired man is so confused, and his mouth opens when he sees John Watson in front of him. He had expected to find the blogger upset or annoyed to be interrupted with his new flame, but that’s not what was happening.
The sound is dramatic and sad. The song has a minor tone, of lost opportunity, of impossible love that invades him like wipeout into the hurricane. Feelings, that he never thought he would come to feel.
«I’m fine» John recognizes the lie in his reply, but doesn’t say anything. He thinks that probably the same clouds that trouble him, stress Sherlock too. Because the two of them had seen hell...
“Why?” Suddenly John makes a question to break the silence. He tries to keep a calm tone, while he slowly runs the swab over the wound, and he asks himself what that question means: whether the new wound or the old one.
And John will keep him safe, despite the mistakes, because he has made a lot of them and he owes him so much.
His deduction is interrupted by John and his hand under his chin, lifting it so their eyes meet once again.
house.
had betrayed AGRA and a bunch of other bad things.
«John, there’s something you must know. I have to tell you. I’ve tried three times before when we were at home... but you had to be comforted, so I waited. I should...but now I want to tell you. People surrender after three, but not me. And you must know now. I am aware that found Mary anyway, it’s alright. But I want you to know I...»
Sherlock sees him go away.
He’s very close to John’s face now and his eyes are glued to him, the blogger feels the air so charged, like it’s suffocating. In that moment, John doesn’t see anything apart from his deep-sea eyes fixed on him.
You can imagine what comes next: moans, touches and little giggles inside Sherlock’s bedroom. In Baker Street.
So without a word from himself or Sherlock, John goes out of 221 of Baker Street.
“John.” Sherlock has a soft tone, a guilty one; because he obviously understands what’s in the doctor’s mind. John sighs and stands in front of Sherlock, but he doesn’t look at him. There are other little burns on Sherlock’s chest, but John averts his sight from them. He doesn’t say anything, he knows where Sherlock received these, and he also knows there’s nothing he can do about that. It hurts to think that some of these burns will become scars on his perfect chest, but now John can’t do anything.
There’s a pinch of jealousy in his tone and I smile, while I get closer to him. I had noticed a little discomfort from him at the presence of Mary Mortsan, but I hadn’t thought about that because he is everything to me.
He shakes himself, looks at his violin and plays. He has never heard or composed that song before, it just comes out of his fingers like it had always existed.
____________________
He grunts, and I know it’s a ‘no’. So I stay in silence and look at his figure, crumbled as if he wanted to hide from the eyes of the world, even from mine. Something bad and nasty wraps around my stomach and I gulp, repressing the urge to vomit. I can’t understand what is inside his genius brain that could make him so quiet and grumpy. Holmes has his ‘peculiar moments’ but usually he allows me to touch him, maybe after some time, but he always did. He would give me a sign that he is once again in the mood for company. But not today.
Sherlock walks away from the window and decides to make tea. While he pours the tea into a cup, he sees him and almost swoons.
Their breath combines and John’s eyes close, but only a bit, because he wants to see it. He drowns into those green-blue wonderful eyes that fix him into silence. Something that wraps around his stomach and provokes sweet thoughts in his mind. John wants to touch him, but he can’t. So he waits and counts Sherlock’s breaths. He waits and enjoys this beautiful sensation: the one of being in the right place with the right person.
A splinter of a lost occasion now.
husband. I went to see her to offer an appropriate farewell.»
«But you find her attractive. I noticed that and even you said it. It was clear when you followed her figure from the window as she was getting inside the carriage. I asked myself why you did not follow her since she clearly liked you too, so I supposed you would do so in upcoming days.
Feelings that remind John, Sherlock is there with him. His cheek brushes his hair like a caress and he tightens him.
Sherlock Holmes turns to me, and finally I can look into his eyes, and...oh God: his gaze is a glint of emotions and my heart tightens.
John nods for him to take a seat, and Sherlock, as in a dream, obeys.
He chose to exclude John, again.
Anyway, a few months ago she texted me; Initially, I thought it was a joke, but she went on and when I replied she..told me everything. She said we had not finished our chat, and sent me a screenshot of your conversation. She enjoyed it, I think, and when I asked her why, she said she was repaying a debt; to you, I presume. And I’m so sorry.»
In the tune, there are things never said, kisses that were never given, running into the London streets at night; laughter and arguing.
«Sherlock! How could you think that?» My tone is high and full of emotion.
"Nothing," the attractive man said and raised his hands. "I'm just impressed, Mycroft..." he added with pretended admiration.
"I prefer to make hay while the sun shines. Besides, I can't wait to see John," he said with a smile.
John shook his head, snorting with a sarcastic smile. "Do not try playing this game with me, Mycroft Holmes. Pretending to be uninterested and haughty does not impress me.
"The biggest challenge will be to withstand these few weeks in our group." He turned to the bed. He had to cool off this sudden surge of thoughts and feelings. He needed normality, so he decided to focus on something other than staring into Sherlock's bright eyes. He leaned over the things he was going to take with him and began to stack them unhurriedly, then packed them into a bag. "Mycroft's people may be specialists and may have selected us for this mission in terms of characters, but the theory is often out of practice. It's different to match people on paper and to send them into the wilderness for several weeks and counting on the fact that they will not kill each other. "
"Maybe there were two murderers?" Lestrade stated, examining the body from all sides.
Mycroft looked like he didn't quite understand John's words. "I didn't forget, John ..." he said slowly.
"I'll decide myself."
"Just plain misinformation to mislead potential terrorists. This congress doesn't happen often, John. Many important people will take part in it, and this is the perfect opportunity to attack. We've given the media the wrong information to be able to talk quietly elsewhere."
"Good night, John."
"Virus? By text? For God's sake, now I'll think twice before reading a message from you or some unknown numbers." He ignored Mycroft's gaze. "And by the way, tell me ..." he said and lowered his voice, leaning slightly toward him. "What decision would you make if Anthea ..."
John was breathing quickly and deeply. He stared with misty eyes at Mycroft's red cheeks, his accelerated breath and the mismatched confusion on his face. He realized that once again for some unknown reason he had led the genius to a state when he could not control himself. He would have enjoyed this fact perhaps more if he had been able to predict these sudden attacks of passion and Mycroft's emotional instability. He smiled and approached Holmes again. "I hope this was your response to the invitation."
"Yes, yes. Besides, you are educated, you have the right qualities and in the opinion of many ordinary people, you are considered a handsome man. The perfect partner for Mycroft, who he can show off to his friends ..." the younger genius murmured and returned to research.
Sherlock treated him like his guide. He was waiting for his decision where they would go. John started looking around and then saw someone standing on the balcony where he had been a few minutes earlier. He only saw the figure of the person and the glowing tip of the cigarette, but he knew it was Mycroft. He had to figure out what they were going to do, so he went out onto the terrace. John didn't understand why, but he felt sad when he saw lonely Mycroft who was watching them from above.
"We know her identity, we know what her profession was ..." he said, completely unsure if that was what the detective expected from him. "... She drank strong alcohol a few hours before she died. Apart from what Dr Phillips said, I can't add anything else. Perhaps the killer took a few more of her organs, but it's hard to tell now."
Mycroft tilted his head. "If you want. But I would prefer you to go as my chosen one." Without hesitating, he leaned over and grabbed John's lip between his lips. The kiss was quick but gentle and tender.
John hesitated with a strange expression that made Mycroft focus his attention on him. "It may surprise you, but I like it when you are near me. For some reason, I enjoy your presence and I really would prefer you not to sit alone in the hotel, but come with us" he fell silent. "With me," he added a little quieter.
Meanwhile, John still felt someone's gaze. He was walking with a friend among the crowd, but it did nothing. Sherlock probably forgot about the stalker or was accustomed to thinking that they would not get rid of him or her until they returned to the hotel. So John decided not to worry about that either. He walked slowly across the crowded square when he suddenly spotted a small flower shop standing by the main pedestrian street. He thought that a small bouquet would be a good gift for Francesca and a nice gesture for her help and care. He didn't even have to persuade Sherlock to accompany him. They left Molly at one of the souvenir stalls, - which turned out to be a good idea because the saleswoman was from Wales and was very helpful - and went towards the flower shop.
"Well, sometimes you lose your temper." He looked into the genius's eyes with a slightly mocking expression. "Besides, I like how you care about people you love. Although you often threaten others when you do it, but you can't help it I think. If I had the power like you, I would also use it for my own purposes".
He did not answer. Sometime later they entered an elegant store. The distinctive bell hanging by the door rang around the room. The black color of the walls, illuminated by purple and white lamp cabinets beautifully displayed the goods. It didn't have many customers because the prices of some things scared away potential customers. Molly immediately started looking through the presents, and Sherlock and John were left behind. They used the loneliness and air conditioner located just above the passage. They enjoyed the moment of peace.
"I admit that the idea of you proposing this solution to John works fine on my imagination, and in another situation, I might be encouraging you to embarrass yourself, but I cannot let you insult him with such an offer."
"I'd love to go to this meeting with you," John interrupted him immediately. He felt stupid that the previous evening had ended this way, though for some reason he knew that Mycroft didn't blame him. Maybe he was even happy with this turn of events because he missed the compulsory presence at a party full of people.
"I hope at least ..." Mycroft continued, closely observing Sherlock, "that you spent this time in a more useful way than causing more fights in nearby pubs and restaurants," he added with his typical smile. He looked like he was in a good mood. He was looking at his brother from above the laptop.
No...
"And we also, as I see." Mycroft did not hide his good mood. Only John reacted with a frown, though he was still smiling.
He didn't close the window. The sound of pouring water was coming from the bathroom. The calming sound made him throw off elegant clothes and quickly changed into something more comfortable. He sank on the bed and immediately closed his eyes. The penultimate night at the hotel, the penultimate night at Mycroft's side. He would give a lot for taking this moment with him to London. He knew that when will he return to London, after each awakening in his bed, he would remember these unreal moments with a sentiment. This opportunity happened only once in his life and he was glad that he agreed to Mycroft's offer, although it seemed ridiculous and absurd at the time. He was thoughtful to the point that he didn't even notice when Mycroft got out of the bathroom and lay down next to him. He realized only when he felt the pleasant smell of soap. They both lay on their backs with their eyes closed, their hands very close together. Close enough that they brushed the tips of their pinkies. John made the first move. With a gentle and slow movement, he slid his fingers under Mycroft's hand. He had no idea whether he was doing right or wrong, but at the moment nothing could destroy or improve their relationship. He waited less than a few seconds for Holmes' reply. Mycroft took his hand without a word and squeezed it, and they stayed in that position all night. Before falling asleep, John listened to the calm melody played by the young musician on the mandolin outside the hotel. He knew it from some movie, but he couldn't remember the title. The music was playing, the wind cooled his tired body, the mattress wrapped him in softness, and Mycroft's calm breath put him to sleep with every moment. He knew he would remember that night forever. A beautiful night in magical Venice.
"Exactly" Arian spat on the ground, "Of all the useful things you could take for the good of the group, you took a damn guitar.
"Is it really the only reason?" she asked with motherly tenderness. "I knew many people around you, honey. Many of them will fit perfectly as your partner. And you trust many of them. And yet you ask John for help."
"Mycroft, what's gotten into you? Did something happen? Just don't tell me, you worried about us because I will start thinking, I finally managed to evoke some emotions in you ..."
John heard his humbleness in his voice. He smiled slightly under his breath and stood beside the silent Sherlock. He exchanged amused looks with him. While Josh was trying to help Arian get down the rock safely, Sebastian pulled out a lighter and a pack of cigarettes. He lit one cigarette and observed the others in silence.
He passed a long hall, climbed the stairs, and stood in front of the door behind which one of Mycroft's offices was located. He knew that Sherlock's older brother had several private offices, but for some reason, this was best suited to him. He knocked several times but did not hear the answer. He pressed the door handle. The door opened noiselessly. When he came inside, he was immediately overcome by a familiar smell. The smell of Mycroft and the perfume he used. He closed his eyes. Even a month earlier, the scent of cloves and incense did not impress him, he barely noticed it. Now, after two weeks of living together, he could smell it immediately. This smell made him feel strangely safe. He opened his eyes and looked around the room. It was exactly what he remembered the last time he was here, but now everything was more in control. John realized why the Venice apartment seemed so strangely familiar to him. He understood that each place had to be approved in advance by Mycroft or his people because the office and living room at the hotel that they were guests were confusingly similar to each other. Both in terms of color and design. Warm colors predominantly dominated in the elegantly arranged environment. A central place in the room was occupied by a desk made of oak wood. John decided to wait for Mycroft next to the desk. He didn't feel confident enough to sit in his chair with his back to the door. He rested his hands and back on a smooth dark desk and waited. He repeated what he intended to say to Mycroft. However, after some time he realized that no learned conversation with him made sense. He rarely had any idea what the discussion would be like with the older brother Holmes. He gave up thinking about the upcoming discussion.
"If you will let me help, Holmes ... If you find me useful ...", he searched for words that would express all his determination and willingness to bring justice. "I'll do whatever I need to get the killer to stop murdering women."
"Hello, my dear. Is your wife around?"
Greg laughed with his characteristic hoarseness. "I know. But life is not a directed movie. It will surprise us more than once." He smiled and relaxed. Tension gave way to relaxation. He was pleased and a little surprised that John did not object and listened to him calmly. It was as if he accepted himself and the whole situation. As if he was relieved that he no longer had to pretend to be someone he was not. Their eyes met for a long time, and Greg felt he should be courageous enough to show him that he was supporting him like a friend. "Whatever's between you, John, remember that Sherlock will always be your friend. That won't change. But you have to seize the moment and seize your luck before it runs away like ..." he mused, because he couldn't think of any an adequate comparison, "like some little kid who smeared a spray on the wall".
John watched Aaron, who gave Sherlock a satisfied look, buttoned his gray vest, and went to the door. His assistant was waiting for him with the briefcase and some documents. When they both left the hotel, John sighed with relief and looked at his friend.
"Hmm ..." Holmes looked at him thoughtfully. "Since you are such good friends, why didn't he offer you a spare room in his flat?"
A long silence. He raised his eyebrows and hung up. Apparently his landlady had dialed his number by accident. He doubted she was in any danger when she was with Sherlock, but he decided to hurry up and come home sooner just in case. As he neared the cash register, his phone rang again.
"Because your arrogance is unbearable, Mycroft! John is a doctor and MY friend. He will not pretend to be your husband just because you have decided so!"
Minutes went by slowly, and John was getting more and more sleepy. Calm and quiet hours spent with Sherlock made him completely forget about the hardships and stress of the previous day. He was also glad that his friend understood his needs and spoke only when he knew he could no longer stop his thoughts. They felt good in their company and they needed nothing else. John realized the sun was starting to rise, and he was starting to feel more and more sleepy. He looked at Sherlock. After a moment he stood up. His feet were damp and slightly swollen, so he grabbed his shoes and went with Sherlock barefoot.
"You think so?" Mrs. Hudson wondered. "Hm. Maybe you are right. You know, she mentioned several times that she would rather not go alone." She fell silent and thought. "You and John travel a lot. What place would you suggest to the two of us?" she asked, staring intently at him.
The detective looked at his pocket watch again. "Let's get to work, Watson. The lectures will be over in forty minutes."
"Mr Holmes!" Lestrade reprimanded him and, feeling more confident, approached the body. "This 'thing' was a living person before," he scolded him.
"Someone called me in the middle of the night? I wonder who ..." he asked, but before he could unlock the phone, he heard the completely changed voice of an older man.
It seemed to him that time has stopped. He slowly began to realize what was happening. He interrupted the murderer who at the moment was able to do anything. Including killing him. After all, he witnessed the murder. But what was the killer waiting for? Was he enjoying his fear? Did he take sadistic pleasure from the feeling of power? Or maybe he was wondering if he should do it?
"Can you imagine any of us dancing, John? We're too serious people, and we don't think about that sort of thing".
He got up off the couch with a clenched jaw and slowly stood behind the back of the sofa. He repeated the words of his brother in his head. He analyzed every word and the way it was spoken. He also had to face his feelings and emotions. But he knew one thing. He wanted to be in his brother's place. He felt jealousy and possessiveness.
He raised his hands to the height of his head and showed the enormity of the hat.
"I fully agree with you" Mycroft stood up and patted his trousers several times to get rid of the dirt. "A lost phone, self-respect," he pulled a flower from behind his ear, "and lost time. We should go back to the hotel."
4. Do you prefer long chapters or shorter ones? Happy ending?
A strange statement. It seemed to him that Holmes was unfamiliar with human interaction, and he made note of every mention about it in his mind. He was confused for a moment, but he found this fact actually very charming. "Before you showed up, he teased me about my appearance," he continued, trying to hide the amusement in his voice.
Sherlock stared at him completely overwhelmed with desire. He could barely keep his eyes open. His hair was in a total mess, and beads of sweat ran down his temples, decorating his red face. He was breathing deeply and gasping, trying to control his body. At one point, he reached into the bedside cabinet with a trembling hand and took a small plastic bottle from a drawer. He handed it to John without hesitation.
This time John rolled his eyes. He was tired of Mycroft's behavior. Why couldn't he just answer such a simple question? He watched as his husband took the rest of his elegant suit from the sofa and stopped at the door. He wanted to ask John not to leave their apartment but he gave up.
John raised an eyebrow. "Then what should I do with it?" He asked in a teasing tone.
"And you, John?" she asked, looking up at him.
The twinge in the stomach was sudden but pleasant. The sight of his pale eyes made him shiver. It was only nine in the morning. He wasn't sure how he would survive the whole day with Holmes without getting carried away by his passion. His face must have expressed every thought because the detective's smile and raised eyebrow made it clear that he was reading from him as if from an open book. He cleared his throat, shifting his weight to the other leg. "Is Mrs Hudson okay?"
"Many people would think so ..."
He shook his head. He wanted to hear more. A shudder shook his body because the detective's eyes were shining with excitement, and the sight was extremely alluring.
Holmes was standing in a completely different place now. "Who cares about the murder of prostitutes in this town? The newspapers report about a crime every day. I wrote letters to Scotland Yard, but I didn't get any answer. I followed the murderer's next steps, but it's the police who must catch him, not me. I waited for them to ask for my help".
"Sherlock ...". What was he supposed to ask? How is he feeling? Did something hurt him? Sherlock would ignore him or make up an excuse. When he saw his face, he knew that the last thing he was thinking about was talking. He knelt beside him and put a hand on his knee. He didn't miss how Sherlock reacted to this normal gesture. He focused his eyes on him, and barely visible satisfaction appeared on his lips. John was still wondering what he was going to say, what to ask. Finally, however, he gave up and with a soft sigh, he patted his friend several times on the knee, then stood up with difficulty and went back to the rest. The campsite was slowly beginning to resemble a real camping site. The stones were arranged in a circle. A small cauldron hung above it. Around the makeshift campfire, Sebastian set up stumps, Josh was mixing something in a metal cup, and Lucy was taking care of Arian's leg.
Holmes was silent for a long time. He put on gloves and looked around the hall slowly as he walked slowly. "Professor Moriarty," he muttered. "Mathematical genius".
"Stop!" he finally managed to free a terrified scream from his throat. He did it because Sebastian put his mouth to his neck. "Sebastian! No!" he closed his eyes tightly and pushed him away with all his strength. "Stop!". Nothing reached the consciousness of a stronger man. John gritted his teeth and did the same with his fist. Without warning, he hit Sebastian on the cheekbone. It was true that he lay on the ground and did it at an odd angle, but the strike worked. Moran was stunned, and John took advantage of it. He crawled out from under his body and pressed his shoulder to the nearest tree. Cold sweat covered his entire body. He was panting loud and deep. He put his hand on his chest, trying to calm his croaking heart.
Time passed slowly and monotonously. The gondola was slowly sliding on the water. John heard the splash of water as the man pulled out and dipped the paddle. The sounds of nightlife mixed in the middle of the canal. They heard happy conversations and music from nearby cafes. John heard the whirring of speedboats and the laughter of people sitting in restaurants along the canal. However, his heart was loudest. It beat with great power. He wondered if Mycroft had heard that too. At one point the gondola turned into a narrow channel. It looked like one of the streets nearby, but instead of stones and concrete, they moved on the water. If John wanted, he could reach out and touch the walls of buildings without any problems, examining their structure. Stone, old and damp walls had to hide more than one secret. They flowed under low bridges. John looked at the gondolier. The man never bowed his head, so he almost brushed the bottom of the bridge with his hair. After the third bridge he passed in this way, John realized the man did not pay attention to what he was doing. It would not be surprising, he had to know all the ways by heart after all, but the main problem was that instead of the road, he was staring at John and was smiling at him. When John realized he had been under his observation almost from the beginning, he blushed and looked away. His only comfort was that it was night, and the tall buildings covered the moonlight that would betray his embarrassment.
The room, or rather the living room, was huge and as fashionable as the rest of the hotel. Opposite the entrance were large windows with curtains down to the ground. One of them was open and it was through them that a calming wind was blowing into the room. The gentleman handed keys to Mycroft and disappeared, closing the door behind him.
"Really?" Sherlock's voice was filled with disbelief and curiosity. John couldn't see his friend looking around, trying to understand his delight. "I don't know how shabby walls, moisture, and stench can be wonderful. And do you even realize John, what is the composition of this water? Eight percent of this water is fuel residues and human exc..."
"Sherlock is more friendly when he lets someone get to know him better," he said and only looked at her for a split second, raising the corner of his mouth.
"Come on. Decide. Will you choose, the reason ..." he pushed the CD slightly towards him "... or the heart?" did the same with the phone.
"How can you be sure that this cat belongs to someone?" John cut in. "There are traces of the collar, but he is not wearing it now."
"Let's go to my room then" Sherlock suggested without hesitation.
John's question confused Mycroft. He blinked several times and tried to match his words. He opened his mouth just to close it a moment later with restlessness on his face. "I guess I wasn't sure how I should behave," he said after a long silence. This answer was the safest one.
"Good," a small smirk appeared on Holmes's lips, and his eyes flashed with fire. "What about the wound on the rest of the body?"
It was the truth. John realized that he would not be able to influence many things, and what he packs into a backpack can be useful or completely unnecessary. He wanted to ask Lucy about staying at home and whether it was hard for her to leave their loved ones. However, he abandoned this idea. What she did on her last trip was her business and he wasn't going to ask her. Most importantly, she had the opportunity to talk to and spend time with her family before leaving for the mission. He and Sherlock also had the option of returning to Baker Street but decided to stay there. The sight of Mrs. Hudson and the awareness that they might see her for the last time was a reason for John to resign from returning home for several days. He preferred to save himself and his beloved hostess difficult times.
A murmur of amusement vibrated in his throat. As he turned his head, the touch of Holmes's fingers on his collarbone made him look down. The detective studied the red marks on his neck carefully. Traces left by the chain with a whistle, that was torn off by the murderer.
"Everything is so expensive here ... A glass of water costs almost as much as dinner in an ordinary London bar," Molly muttered, browsing the menu. A cheerful smile did not disappear from her face.
Sherlock looked at the cat in a way that did not show how intrigued he was by his brother's comment. He saw that the cat did indeed have two traces of collars. One thinner than the other. "You have a better place to observe," he muttered indifferently. This was not true because the animal was facing him and was sitting much closer to him. As he had expected, Mycroft didn't point it out to him, he didn't even look like someone who wanted to discuss. "The question now is whether the current owner loves him or this cat is a burden to her, as for the previous two people. I bet the first option is the right one."
"... and I cut her throat. A small amount of blood spurts on my clothes and fence. I'm a sadist, so I repeat the move, but much harder this time," he added, but he did not act as he said, because he touched the doctor's skin as gently as for the first time. "I get up and look down on my work. I am happy, but not satisfied. I miss something. The moment I saw her, I knew that this time I wanted to do something more. This short contact was not enough for me. I want her to be special. Throat slit is not enough for me. I want more... I need more... I kneel beside her and cut her clothes. I shift the knife to my left hand and place it against her body."
"... even if I have to do it, against my own feelings ... I have for you," he added, wanting to make sure she really believed him. He was not surprised by the effect of his own words when the girl let out a shaky breath and took his face in her hands.
John leaned out behind the curtain again. "I won't even try. It's your phone, after all..."
"I figured it out, imagine it," Mycroft teased him. He widened his smile, but his lips were clenched as usual. "Or using your favorite wording - I deduced it."
"Of course not. But I didn't expect you this early in the morning. Mycroft is taking a bath, but he should join us soon," John said. He offered her a place on the couch, but she walked briskly to the window and looked out.
John leaned back in his chair with an undisguised smile and amusement on his face. "What for? Will you answer this question for me? Because I really don't understand your decisions. Why someone who practically rules Great Britain, who has links to the FBI and has access to information that is prohibited to everyone, must pretend to be in a relationship? Explain it to me because I really can't understand your way of thinking, Mycroft. Why pretend to be a happy husband if you are not one?"
"It's my job, Doctor," she replied with a slight smile. John was a bit confused when he realized that Mycroft couldn't just do everything alone. His question seemed pointless at the moment.
"You know ... I'm not convinced of this idea. Sherlock and John are my friends ... I couldn't ... I don't know if ... if I did it, I would betray their trust ..." she said quietly as if she was afraid of his reaction.
He looked up. The place where the detective's voice was coming from was empty. It took a few seconds for him to notice his shadow sliding along one of the walls, but oddly enough he heard no footsteps. "What are you saying? That Jack the Ripper killed women for six months, but only now did the police become interested in him?"
"Yes, Sherlock, because imagine, it is not such a great price, for the health and lives of dozens of people," John said calmly. This made his friend stand up without a word and with a proud and sophisticated attitude went towards his room.
John turned to her. "Needed? Is his blood pressure too low?" he asked, looking at his friend with slight concern.
This time Mycroft gave his brother a meaningful look. "Do you really read such rubbish?"
Mycroft nodded but didn't look overly pleased with himself. He did not smile meanly or give him nagging glances. He sat calm and composed. This attitude irritated Stoner even more. He hated losing, especially with someone who showed that the game was not worth the planning and effort. Aaron sighed again. "You should give her a promotion."
Oh, how he wanted it to be true. He would let him touch him like that. He would relish the shameless caresses and bonds so forbidden in their society. Feelings of fear, pain and shock would give way to the lust that arose in his heart the first time he saw the detective. He wanted his touch. He wanted to know the taste of his skin. He imagined the warmth of his shoulders. He finally dared to admit what his heart had screamed from the first moment they met. But why did he decide to do it at a time like this? Now, as he stood pressed against the cold wall in a dark alley, with a dead woman lying beside his feet...
Further efforts to end the conversation in the least conflicting way made no sense. Mycroft saw that Sherlock was already immersed in his own thoughts. He also had to think about some important things, although unlike his brother, he also had other responsibilities. After returning from Venice, he focused almost immediately on work. He might have involved his people, but thinking about John and what happened to them took too much of his time. He started to worry that the emotions that arose when he thought of the doctor would completely overwhelm him, and this had no right to happen. At least at that moment. He wasn't sure about his decision, and anticipating his choices was pointless. John has repeatedly proved to him that, although he seemed simple to decipher outside, he could behave in a completely irrational and surprising way. He had to leave his thoughts about their possible relationship until John finally dispelled his doubts. He walked slowly down the creaking stairs, trying to sort out his thoughts somehow. When he closed the main door and as he approached the black car, he noticed two people walking towards him out of the corner of his eye.
"Give me that back, I say".
"It stopped being fun after our first night together, John," he interrupted immediately, turning his body completely toward him.
Comfortable silence, fire and warmth made him give in to exhaustion. He did not even have the strength to take pleasure in the way Holmes touched him. The hot skin welcomed the touches of the cool material. Even when Holmes untied the first buttons on his shirt, his eyelids were already too heavy to lift them. The muscles in his body relaxed, and the breathing became shallower. After a while, he lost touch with reality.
For the first time since arrival, John saw real anger and seriousness in Aaron's eyes. He looked at John with a clenched jaw and turned to join the others in the main hall. Mycroft followed him with his eyes and then turned to John.
He froze in place as he saw Holmes approaching him. The detective walked swiftly, silently. With a grim face. He passed him and, without turning, he walked forward. As if he wanted to leave the building as soon as possible. With no little effort, he followed him, swaying from side to side and almost dragging his injured leg. After a few steps, he was overwhelmed by curiosity. He looked back. The stranger was still standing in the same place. The raised eyebrow and the cheeky smirk matched his childish face. The image was spoiled by the black toga and the thick book he kept under his arm. He watched them go and never broke eye contact. They finally reached the main hall, and only now did Holmes slow down, giving him a moment to rest.
"Could you please start talking to me as if I were a normal person and not one of your coworkers?" He asked. "When things start to get uncomfortable for you, you isolate yourself and build an invisible wall in front of you." Not good. He didn't want to hurt Mycroft, and he could barely hold his gaze. It made him feel like he was fighting with a double-edged sword. "You are hiding behind a mask of indifference and coldness ..." he continued, softer and softer, "but you love people who are dear to you. Especially Sherlock." He looked at his friend. "You are helping us, you turn a blind eye to our antics. And even now, when I see how much this conversation costs you, you are happy that your beloved brother is finding out what real love means." One glance at Mycroft's face convinced him that what he was saying was a reflection of the genius's true feelings. "I'm sure you've taken responsibility for what we've done more than once and saved our asses many times and we don't even know it," he added, not wanting to destroy the moment with unnecessary hesitation. "When you stop pretending to be an emotionless perfectionist and when you struggle with your habits and weaknesses, you are fascinating." At this point, he hesitated for a moment and focused on Mycroft's pupils. "How could I not fall in love with you?" he asked softly.
«You aren’t going to say anything? No sarcastic comments?»
those thoughts into a secure room of his mind palace.
And the doctor nods. «Yes, I’m here. You want to get up, don’t you?» The doctor smiles at him and offers his hand to Sherlock, but he denies it and gets up on his own.
“Of course he won’t. He knows this is my fight.” Sherlock sniffed. “He’d probably send me to his own dog fight, if it were Anthea, in his stead.”
“We do keep them in business,” Sherlock replied.
Sherlock took John’s head, trying to make out his expression in the dark. “What do you mean? She’s
He started for the door, grabbing his jacket en route.
John pulled back, panting, and when they saw each other’s expressions, they laughed together until John caught his breath, licked his own swollen lips and said, more boldly this time, not a question, but a command:
fault.
Fortunately, such drastic measures hadn’t been necessary. Sherlock had come at last.
“I’m not going anywhere,” he promised.
“Toby,” she said. And her eyes brightened at his interest. “I have a picture of him on my phone, if you’d like to see.”
later—”
Alphas! He could smell each one. Rancid
“Don’t worry, little omegomer,” said the first with a slanted kind of smile. They were crowding in now. “We’ll be good to you.”
“Yeah, yeah, ssh, we’ll talk about it, I’ll talk to him.”
The lips touched softly, moved slowly, a kiss that caressed more than it claimed. Something awoke deep inside of Sherlock, something warm and bright and wonderful, joyful even. And it startled him. Before he was ready for it to end, he was pulling back and looking at John with eyes wide in amazement. And John was looking back, mirroring his expression.
“And do you stay for the duration?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock’s internal debate raged. What was happening? Was John claiming this room as his own now? Was Sherlock expected to go sleep on the sofa? Or . . . did John mean for him to . . . join him . . . in the bed . . . for the night?
. To his horror, John's entire body responded, flushing him with arousal from head to toe, his skin on fire, his hairs on end, and more warm discharge drained down his inner leg, which was rooted to the floor. But not for long.
What did Harry do? She was Beta. She fancied Omegas. That’s what John’s journal had said.
“Touch me,” he gasped. “Please.”
appendicitis.”
“I’m going to ask you a question. An honest answer would be appreciated.”
John laughed shortly, wiping his face with the back of his hand. “It’s like they’ve divided it Xs and Ys.”
But there were differences, too: in John’s prime universe, Lestrade and Molly had twin daughters; in the other John’s, they’d had twin Beta-Xs, twin Beta-Ys, and an Omega-Y. In the prime universe, John and Harry had reconciled, and their relationship had never been better. The Harry and Clara of the other world had become leaders in the Omega Revolution. In the prime universe, Mycroft remained single and aloof; in the other, Mycroft, reformed on the issue of Omega-Alpha relations, had done something radical, and allowed a Beta-Y to mate with his Omega, and Anthea had given birth to a healthy Beta-Y Mycroft claimed as his own son: Mycroft’s scent, part of Anthea, was present in her child.
are more connected to alternate realities than our bodies, yeah? And what we really mean is our alter-selves. Some people have called it
do? Just for fun. A thought experiment.”
“You’ve a very creative mind, Mr. Watson. And a surprisingly sharp one. For an Omega.”
He had meant it as a way to excuse himself, but Dr. Stamford misread it as a complaint.
At last, he began to suck, pulling John’s skin and scent into his own mouth, mixing their pheromones, and pushing them back into the mark with his tongue. The stink of the other Alphas was lessening; the invasive scent was dissipating like smoke, and Sherlock could feel John relaxing. He continued to suck, determined to leave John under no confusion as to whom he was bonded to. Sherlock’s arms tightened. The flat of his hand pressed against John’s lower back and held him close. Then he heard John whimper. His rigid muscles gradually melted.
They were skin on skin, and John had taken the lead, the way Sherlock had always wanted him to. A master in the bedroom. Here, now, Sherlock was melting into him. They had been moving together with needy thrusts and groan-worthy groping, until Sherlock, desperate for more, spread his knees, took hold of John, and guided him where he wanted John to go. There had been a flash of uncertainty in John’s eyes, mixed with longing, but all Sherlock could do was nod.
John chewed his bread fitfully while keeping his eyes fixed on Sherlock. When  he was fit to talk, he said, “I think it
“This is stupid. Your experiment is stupid.”
“When?”
Sherlock’s hand retreated sharply. “What did I do?”
The clock ticked, ticked, ticked closer to the end of the day. And the start of the night.
“Right, but, erm . . .” He spread his hands a little helplessly. “Just friends.”
“It’s parallel worlds.
John closed his eyes, feeling Sherlock’s sadness wash over him. Instinctively, he placed a hand over Sherlock’s, stilling the circular motions but keeping it in place against his chest.
“I’ve never been happier than I am now, right at this moment. With you. And I was wondering if, you know,
Sherlock looked pallid, and his face was rapidly draining of even more blood. The doctor in John was alerted to the very real possibility that he might just about faint. He moved to the edge of his chair. “Sherlock?”
“I’m more than up to the challenge.”
“You weren’t responding to any of us, mate,” said Lestrade. “Are you okay?”
Sherlock spoke so matter-of-factly, that John couldn’t help but believe it. He felt emboldened, just positively swelling with good feeling, and part of that was imagining returning to his bond-mate a new and improved man. To see the look on Sherlock’s face, as impressed with him as this one! He could hardly sit still at the thought. More than ever before, he was determined to find a way home.
“Hey!
Sherlock huffed a breath of incredulity. “A universe trying to set things in their proper order,” he said, “defies principles of entropy.”
John touched the mark with awe.
“I was wrong,” said John.
that he didn’t means he’s in trouble, and the
“Say no more.”
,” John argued.
John 1:
Harry sighed loudly. “What, did someone die?”
“You can see how little a thing like that truly matters.”
. The blame lies
“News story. Yesterday. A thirteen-year-old girl died because, um. Because of her . . . that is, she had her first per— went into
No. He was lying, trying to hide what had been done to him, as if such were even possible. John had been
From the other John:
Sherlock tossed his hands, as though exasperated. “I don’t work alone, do I? I need an assistant. It’s more efficient that way.”
follow me to Battersea, and you
John placed a finger beneath Sherlock’s chin and tilted his head back, and there, he kissed him again. Sherlock keened. His hands roved up John’s back in the shape of claws, but without the nails, raking pleasantly in all directions. John’s legs spread wide and his pelvis slid closer to Sherlock’s waist, where he felt, beneath the pajama bottoms, a firm swelling, getting firmer.
“Me? I wanted to be a doctor.”
“Ask me what?”
Trapped between wall and Alpha, John screamed into his hand. But there was nothing Sherlock could do. If he broke it off, Dr. Stapleton would still be inside of John, having her way with him. If he rushed it, he might do unintended damage in the exchange of scent hormones and the integrity of the bond mark, which he had been so careful with creating. This was a delicate process, and an intimate one. It shouldn’t have to be like this. Damn that Alpha-X!
before you realized that.”
“Huh?”
“What?”
“Good morning, I’m Heather Hill, and you’re watching Morning Hilltop. With me today is the Omega-Y they’re already calling The Goliath Slayer, Alpha Watson, and John the Defiant. Unless you’ve been lingering in a coma, you’ve already seen his incredible victory in last week’s Marble Arch Dog Fight, which is being recorded—get this—as the
“And do you have sexual intercourse regularly?”
She nodded hopefully. Then she let his hand go to brush her cheeks. “Again, I’m sorry I woke you. I just had to say thank you before I leave.”
John balked. “P-pardon?”
“Look, I, um. I think I should go,” said John. He stood up from the hospital bed. “Good talk, doc.” But Dr. Stamford, deep in thought, didn’t move, not even to swivel on his stool and bid him farewell. John was halfway out the door when one more thing occurred to him.
He nodded numbly. He wanted to reach for him. One embrace. That’s all he wanted.
“No, I have to.” Lestrade set the flowers on the bedside table and took a seat across from him, on the other side of John. “We watched the fight yesterday, Molly and I. On the telly. I would’ve been there in person, but Molly—”
“Anything, John. Anything.”
A gust of wind pushed him from behind, and John picked up his pace. The temperature was dropping fast, and a storm was blowing in. He threw up his collar to protect his bare neck, then put a hand out for a taxi coming his way, but it was occupied. Swearing under his breath, he turned left to take the footpath across the bridge, just as the first drops began to fall.
“Where the hell were you?” John asked tremulously into his skin.
“Mm?”
, practiced safe habits, when he was on his own. Risks were not John’s cup of tea. Bonding hadn’t changed that.
Sherlock sneered at the suggestion. “The sun has just gone down. They’ll be active. And you want to quit
Sherlock shook his head, wishing, hoping, but fearing all the same. He let those words be heard. “I’m scared.”
Brain aneurysm.
John laughed lightly, but mostly to fight down the lump in his throat. Not long ago, he would have happily jumped off a bridge to leave this place. So why was he finding just the thought of it so difficult now?
“It wouldn’t work now anyway. The mirror. The only reason it worked before was that part of me was there, and part of him was here. We shared space. My mind in his body, his in mine. But now, being fully separated . . . It just couldn’t work. And even if it could . . .” He shook his head, laughing regretfully. “Mirror’s gone. And that’s that.”
“We can dispense with the formalities, Mr. Jacobs,” said Sherlock, and he walked straight up to the little old woman with the dyed yellow hair so that they were nearly toe to toe; the top of her head came to about mid-chest. From there, before speaking a single word, he scrutinized her thin eyebrows and curly head, and his eyes narrowed in on a single untouched strand of silver. Not white. “Tell me,
“I know.” He pulled John in again, and this time John held him back. He couldn't help it. The very core of his being had always trusted Sherlock Holmes, apparently in whatever form. “I know.”
“Get to come out and play today, do you?” she said drily. “You know, this is a matter for pathology. We won’t know anything for sure without a proper autopsy, so I really don’t see why we need you this time.”
“Not relevant,” he said, sidestepping the question altogether. “Interest needs to happen on two ends, you know, and Sherlock, as far as I’ve observed, has never been with, well, anyone.”
Back in the flat, John headed at once for the kitchen to start dinner (Sherlock had been right about the timeframe on the case after all), still muttering flattery and praises, including, “Someone should really write that one down,” and before long he was banging pots and pans and chopping carrots and celery.
John all but gaped. Oh. Were they going to
With a groan, he got back to his feet, took two steps, swayed, and reached for the railing of the bridge. Just then, a black London cab turned onto the bridge ahead of him. Still a little dazed, he lifted his hand, and the cabbie pulled to the kerb to let him in.
“I said”—Sherlock sighed; he did not like having to repeat himself—“if I had been more familiar with her body, I would not have misidentified the corpse. You have put your finger on an unacceptable gap in my knowledge, and I intend to rectify it.”
“If I hadn’t told him—"
“Man didn’t deserve to work with the elephants, eh?” Sherlock chanced a glance back to the hay, where he saw John sifting his way through it.
John smirked. “You’re just trying to make sure I jump.”
“That good, huh?”
The third headline was from The Daily Exeter, not exactly a national paper. It read “Local Man Found Dead in Dewer’s Hollow.”
“We can’t force—”
Then a lamp turned on somewhere above and behind him.
“Are you all right?” The doctor placed a hand on his upper arm, and John realized how flustered and upset he must have looked. He had not been expecting this encounter, and was apparently failing to school his expressions.
“Concussion! He doesn’t have a . . .” But he trailed off, trying to fit Mycroft’s explanation with the oddities in John’s behavior, from quitting his job to the spectacular misfire to forgetting his laptop’s password (even Sherlock hadn’t been able to crack it) to getting queasy at the zoo to . . . falling in love with Sherlock.
For a long while, John thought Sherlock would keep that private, and he was on the verge of apologizing for asking the question. Then Sherlock spoke.
“Untethered. I was bored at school, bored at home, had no friends because none of them could keep up with me. And frankly, I had no patience for their pedestrian brains. Made for kind of a lonely kid. I admit that now, though I wouldn’t then. And I was more ordinary, in some ways, than even I would ever want to own up to. For one, I wanted to rebel. But against what? There were no boundaries to push at home. So. I found others.”
When she returned, she was holding two glasses of scotch, the bottle weighting the left pocket of her dressing gown and slapping her thigh with each step. Balancing precariously (rather like her tower) on one leg, she kicked a pile of magazines to the floor, motioned for him to sit, and placed one of the glasses in his hands. She was serving him
“Mm?” At last, John looked up.
He was struggling to say it, so John tried to lend a helping hand. “That you had been shagging him? Or someone you thought was him?”
“But—”
“Does this change things?” John asked, interrupting whatever was going on in the genius’s brain.
“It’s just . . . that is, I think I’ve forgotten it.” He laughed a little helplessly, hoping Sherlock would find it amusing. His Sherlock would find it amusing.
to say, was popping like soap bubbles in his brain. “Am
Now, at last, they were headed home. Though it was late, John was wired, and on a high he never wanted to come down from. Without the prospect of another case immediately at his fingertips, he was rereading on his phone for the fourth time John’s blog and imagining himself in each scenario. It was one of his favorite pastimes, this fantasy. He was nearing the end of “A Study in Pink” when he was struck by a thought.
John stayed the night and slept long and deep. But Sherlock couldn’t sleep. Instead, he watched John’s sleeping form by the soft light of the window, waiting for every wrinkle of the nose or twitch of the lip, imagining that John was feeling as content as he was and wistfully wishing that he would never leave this bed. Everything seemed perfect. His best friend had become his lover, and both of those designations were things Sherlock never expected to have as counterpart. He had never desired either. Now, he couldn’t imagine giving up either one. The very thought was a knife to the belly. Or a lightning bolt to the heart, as John might put it. So he was perfectly happy to lie in the dark with John, his John, and revel in this new state of being.
“I’m fine, John. It was just a bump.”
“The universe. Hm. Do you believe, Mr. Holmes, that the universe, this one or others, is striving for a state of perfection?”
There was a rapping on the bathroom door.
there?”
A soft smile appeared on his lips. “Morning,” Sherlock said, voice deep and groggy.
John nearly threw up his hands, but he kept his composure and said, “I haven’t left the flat all day. I’ve been busy.”
“They bloody well did, you bloody bastard.” He gently lay a hand over the bandage swathing Sherlock’s skull. Then, in a much softer voice, he said, “I may have freaked out a little. I let the man get away, and the ambulance took forever to get there because of the snow—”
“You’re Omega.” At his silent affirmation, she continued, “Are you a patient, too?”
to have another bender in the family? So welcome to the club, poofter, and stay the fuck out of my life. Fucking knob.”
“I really think we should talk about this.”
Heart thumping anxiously, John left the bedroom and returned to the kitchen where he had left his phone to double check the date. He’d never, not once, gotten it wrong before. He was like clockwork: every forty-one days, his cycle started up, no earlier than four o’clock, no later than nine. He did the maths again. Yes, today was his day. But even when he started up later in the day, he could always feel it coming on, sometimes for hours, and if nothing else jumpstarted his body’s cravings prematurely, Sherlock’s sweetly sensual aroma never failed to do the trick. And now . . . nothing?
Mike chuckled. “Well spotted.”
“Yes.”
, frankly. Certainly not in public. Sometimes, Sherlock had taken his arm, or guided him with a hand on the small of his back. But not like that, what he had seen on the screen.
“The puncture wound, John,” said Sherlock, a little impatiently. But by this point, John was shielding his eyes with a hand.
—okay, listen closely—
“I’m new,” said John, grinning like he knew a secret. “I’m Fantasy John, and I’m about to solve all your problems.”
Still in disguise, John and Sherlock swam in the sea of protesters, demonstrators, onlookers, and blood-sport aficionados. Eyes on the clock, they jostled through the crowd, knocking shoulders and stepping on toes, trying to get closer to the yellow police barricades that sectioned off a large ring called the dog-pen. Technically, it was in Hyde Park, the northeast corner just across from Marble Arch, to accommodate the crowds. But the rendezvous point was unmistakable. And on the far side of the ring, a platform.
“Nope.”
. But what you’re suggesting is that you both
“I know John better than he knows himself, so yes. If anything, he’d want to communicate again just to have a shout at me for doing what I—. Look, my point is, something has happened, something standing in the way of the communication. We just have to keep trying.”
is your Sherlock’s plan? To kill you outright? Brilliant. Just brilliant. So he’s an idiot after all. It’s not happening.” He ran a clawed hand through his curls, but his fingers got caught and tugged. He let out a grunt of frustration and anger.
Mike sat at the long table with his colleagues. The press release was being aired live, and the panel was anticipating hard-hitting questions from the press.
“When I fell into the river,” he began, “I was knocked out. The river swept me under.”
“Mm. No. Not when I have a case on, John.”
“—but cannot be a blood relation. Conflict of interest, you see. Neither blood nor pack. But these Alphas we met in the park . . . They will serve.”
But by the time she had finished her latest rant, Mr. Jacobs had complied, and the house was mercifully silent.
But he was weakening. The next time Dr. Stapleton told him to eat, he couldn’t fight her. She gave him tomato soup, and it was delicious. He greedily slurped it up until he was practically licking the bottom of the bowl, and only then did her Compelling ebb.
“We may not have
Dr. Stapleton blanched. “Mr. Holmes. Please. You don’t know what you’re dealing with. None of us do. Displacement—physical or otherwise—is incredibly rare as observational science. If we don’t seize this opportunity by the horns . . . Look, I’m sensitive to the personal nature. He’s your Omega. You’re protective of him. Only right that you should be. But you’re an intelligent man. A brilliant one. So you must understand how foolish it is to indulge his fantasy of a reversal of the metaphysical displacement. Not
Sherlock shook his head, averted his eyes, clenched a fist in front of his mouth. When he spoke, his voice shook a little. “But it wasn’t John. It was you. And you . . . you’d never . . . you just said you’d never, with a Y, let alone as an Omega . . .
“Sherlock’s mad! He’s gone absolutely mad. I went to see him this morning, told him I had figured it out. All those questions about parallel universes, displacement, everything, I knew one of you had actually crossed planes, and he confirmed it—it’s you. You’re from another world, and you’ve displaced the John of this world. His bond-mate. Do you see?”
“Shut up.” Sherlock faced away, fisting his curls in agitation. “But yeah. That. He’d be appalled. Revolted.
“But . . .”
There was usually only one reason an Alpha challenged another on behalf of his Omega, and John shuddered to think about it. Had he been attacked?
“As long as his Alpha is still out there, of course he will. The bond will compel him to. But that’ll go away soon enough.”
“There now, John, sweetie. See what this food strike is getting you? You’ve barely enough strength to stand. Let’s get you to bed.”
He picked the phone up from the cradle and punched in a code to dial the last incoming call. Listening to the dial tone, he knew it was an international number. He held his breath, not daring to hope.
Sherlock turned to look one last time at Fantasy John, whose eyes were wide, pleading him to stay. But he put his hand in Omega John’s, stepped out of the closet, and closed the door.
“Yeah.” Beta. Somehow. This was never going to work.
John frowned. “I rather thought he was sticking it to
Reluctantly, he flicked his eyes to find Sherlock frowning at him.
“You know how I feel about you,” Sherlock said. “Knowing how your father treated you doesn’t change that. Nothing you can show me would
At the end of the hallway, just before the stairs leading down to the first floor, Sherlock spotted a door, which turned out to be a broom closet.
“John. I’m sorry. I should have warned you about Marylebone. It’s hunting grounds for Alphas, day or night. I . . . I forget there are things you don’t know.”
“I thought I’d never get to tell you . . .”
Less than an hour later, John watched discreetly as Molly left the recovery ward, her arm hooked through Lestrade’s, as he was providing her an escort. They walked slowly towards the lifts as if strolling through a park, not the sterile wing of a hospital, and Molly held a single daisy at her side, a gift from her new friend and protectorate.
“You were there!” shouted Sherlock. He threw his hands into the air, frustration rising. “Think!”
John 2:
Above the line of the surgical mask, Sherlock’s bright blue eyes narrowed, and John thought he heard Sherlock’s teeth close together with a snap. “Absolutely not.”
“But how? I mean, I thought . . .”
“What I meant was, I’d never, before you, had interest in a mate. Any mate. At all. Full stop.”
Behind him, he heard John’s sharp, audible gasp.
“I’m not talking about comic books or science fiction movies.”
There was a long pause. He didn’t expect his brother to gasp or curse or scold him for his failure to adequately look after his Omega, as he had in the past. But he did have to allow the shock to finish reverberating before the questioning began.
“Damn straight.”
what you’re talking about, do you?”
“What?”
Sherlock stopped pacing and swung a finger at the door. “Out.”
He further determined that if both subjects (Subject 1 being John, Subject 2 being Sherlock) merited a cumulative score of 50 or better, some further “action” would be required.
It began as his dreams so often did: with gunfire. But instead of the desert sands beneath a blazing Afghan sun, the battlefield was London. He was running down an empty street at midnight, shots ringing out around him and gravel erupting left, right, and center. He wore full gear and hefted an L85A2 standard assault rifle. He knew he shouldn’t be carrying it—the weapon had not been issued to him. But someone had pushed him out of the medical tent and stolen his first aid kit. So he stole the rifle. Now he was running for his life.
about them. It was no one’s business, really. So the fact that Molly was sharing was a sign of highest comfort and trust in her new friends. John thought he understood the impulse—she’d never really had close friends before either, and having them now was . . . liberating.
“Yes,
, and not
“Watch me.”
“Feeling better?”
“Your ‘life’s work,’ dear doctor,” John taunted.
“Hello,” said John in reply.
After taking down Sean, and after Trevor’s surrender, John had thought it would be only a matter of a few well-timed punches and well-placed kicks before they could knock Roger out or bring him to the point of surrender. It was two against one, after all, and working together, Sherlock and John had already proved their mettle. But things did not resolve themselves as quickly or easily as John had hoped. The termination of two of the Alphas from the fight should have had a demoralizing effect on Roger, but the opposite seemed to be true instead: as the last of his pack, Roger seemed to be spurred on by more than anger or self-preservation. There was a heat of vengeance in him now. And he was trying to unleash his devastating rage upon those from whom he had already taken too much.
“Out?”
“You remember the day I met you, when I told you I had no interest in a bond-mate?”
Pushing open the door, he found John seated on the edge of the mattress, finishing the buttons on his shirt. He wore socks but no shoes, and his hair hadn’t yet been combed. He didn’t raise his head or eyes when Sherlock stepped a foot inside.
can’t live with that.”
Wait. Had he really thought the word
“Fuck or die.”
, he had every right reacting the way he did to a recalcitrant Omega. Other Alphas he knew would have done far worse than impose house arrest, and he would hardly blame them. John should count himself so lucky.
“Good, I’ll want to question each of them, to start, and then . . . John?”
Sherlock sat in his chair, and as the night wore on, he puzzled through the vexing question, coming to an uncertain conclusion: The murderer had been a cab driver. It made sense, didn’t it? None of the victims knew each other, none of them had died in the same two places, and all of them had been found in places they had no business being. The only connecting tissue there was their utter randomness—random victims
With a laugh, and with adoration in his eyes, John scooted a little closer, knees knocking against Sherlock’s and then sliding between. “I do trust you.”
“I don’t know! Look.” He pulled his arm out of Sherlock’s grip. “I’m okay. Go finish up. I’m just going to sit and rest, yeah? On this bench. Don’t worry about me.”
explanation, or a maths one, I have my limits . . .”
, Sherlock went for the gun.
“You’d know it if you saw it. Usually, the Alpha can no longer stand or has been rendered unconscious.”
“Are all the handlers on duty?”
“Yeah, no problem.” Lestrade gave him a confidential smile, stood, and retrieved the daisies. “Oh, and Sherlock. You should know. Charges have been dropped. Obviously. We’ll have some follow-up questions about what went down in Chelmsford, but we’ve pieced a lot of it together already, everything from Jacqueline Stapleton abducting John to holding him prisoner and, well, it seems you were entirely within your rights, acting as you did. You’re clear.”
before modern-day aviation! What if—
He looked over his shoulder and saw the Alpha Pack. They were twelve strong, enormous, inhumane, with fangs and flanks and glowing eyes. One of them wore gym shorts and a whistle around his neck. Damn it, it was Mr. Gillespie, his secondary school rugby coach!
The program went to commercial. John felt Sherlock nudge him with his hip.
Sherlock blinked. “Excuse me?”
“What those men tried to do, John, I swear—”
He pushed past Sherlock, making a bee-line for the loo. Sherlock didn’t even call after him. And just as well. He threw the door closed behind him, locked it, and twisted on the shower head, grateful for the noise that served as just another barrier between him and . . . whatever the hell had just happened. Jaw set hard (to keep his teeth from chattering), he peeled off the cold, wet clothes, left them to puddle on the floor, and stepped into the stream.
“That wasn’t the lie.”
“No no, I’m fine! Really. It’s passing. It’s passed. Please, Sherlock, let me stay?”
The unsmiling detective inspector, a Beta-Y named Dimmock, sat across from him and glowered. “You don’t get to make demands. And we’re the ones asking the questions. We take Omega abuse
Her eyebrows rose. “They’d have to bring in an Alpha for me, wouldn’t they? An Alpha isn’t allowed inside a hospital full of Omegas unless on the scent inhibitor, but can’t help me through my heat if suppressed. No scent, no knot.”
“Nothing,” said John softly.
“No. I wasn’t.”
“Say it,” Sherlock urged.
John struggled, fighting off their hands. “The hell!” He twisted his head to peer through the darkened windows to see where they were going or whether he could signal anyone for help. “You’re
“Besides, you said it yourself: we’re a
After he lost John in the mirror, he couldn’t get him back. Well, no, John had to be honest with himself, in this at least: he didn’t even try. Instead, head spinning and heart racing—unaccountably startled stupid by the confession—he had sunk down onto the couch, where he remained, head in hands, until suddenly, somehow, he ended up on the floor, head hanging between his knees. He felt … deflated. Defeated. Then came the nausea.
to escape this reality? Sherlock didn’t think so. And he would fight tooth and nail to stop him from trying anything rash.
. Really? How? How! How did that
Sherlock laughed. “I admit, such a result didn’t occur to me. You always surprise me, John Watson. I like being surprised.”
. But you’ve said scarcely two words about it! How does that not bother you? Aren’t you devastated? Don’t you feel betrayed? Isn’t that how
“John—”
They arrived back on Baker Street, and John had barely made it through the door into the flat when another vicious cramp took over his body. He groaned, clutched his abdomen, and bent over. Sherlock steadied him, supported him, rubbed his back, and waited for the wave to pass. Then, as John straightened, sweaty and panting, Sherlock lifted him into his arms and headed for the bedroom. It was too soon do anything—his body needed anywhere from two to five hours to adjust in preparation for taking the knot—but if he had to be in pain, this is how he preferred it: lying in his bed, clothes off, a light sheet over his skin, and Sherlock near at hand. As his scent intensified, so did Sherlock’s, and just his proximity was enough to calm him.
“Oh, believe me,” said Sherlock stalking forward, “there will be a fight. I’m going to make you wish you had never made that call to Dr. Serebryakov.”
“Yeah,” said John, breathlessly. He cleared his throat. “Thought so. Must have had trouble with, that is, I don’t think I . . . hit the shift key.”
Two weeks. Sherlock pinpointed it to the day he had found John in his bedroom. He thought he was going to be sick.
, thought John, if the last heat was any indication, that meant over four fucking
When John was seven, he sneaked into his grandfather’s parlour and sneaked out with two pistols from his antique gun collection. He wanted to play soldiers, and he wasn’t going to keep them, he really wasn’t. They weren’t even loaded. But Dad found him in the field, pretend shooting at pretend enemy soldiers to defend his granddad’s farm from pretend invasion. Dad snatched the guns away, shouting something about their value being greater than what John himself was worth, and John, with underdeveloped control over his emotions, got angry, and started shooting at his father with his fingers, making little
“I know, I know. But what if they could? What if Omegas were allowed to do everything Betas and Alphas could do? What would
he told me. I don’t think I can bear to even look at you anymore, knowing what you did to me. To my body. Two Sherlocks have taken advantage of something I never wanted to give.”
Sherlock shook his head. “You idiots. John didn’t write this!”
“Sherlock! Come quick, come quick!” He waved a hand frantically until he heard noise from the back of the flat. “Quick!”
. They can’t. That’s physics. They’re actually
“All right?”
“What?” John asked, startled from his musings.
“What is it?”
,” said Lestrade. Then his voice dropped to a frantic whisper: “
“Dreaming. That’s the first step, isn’t it?”
Not a twinge, not a cramp, not even a little dampness. His cock felt a little heavier, perhaps, which was a positive sign, but other than that? Nothing.
“Your Ome—?” John started, then snorted and shook his head while rubbing his face wearily. “Of course she is. The poor soul."
Wake you up?”
“Not my fault,” said John. His chin was resting on Sherlock’s shoulder like the second head of a two-headed monster. “She’s crawling inside of me, like termites through the wooden bones of an old house.”
When John came to, he was laid out on a gurney, ankles, knees, wrists, and elbows strapped down with nylon cords and head locked into a metal brace.
“Damn right, you could be!” John rejoined. He wanted to hug her. He wanted to hug Greg Lestrade.
. It was like there was no love there, no affection at all. And for seven years, he had
. But the moment he remembered the bigger world or the sharper picture, that sense of normalcy was spoiled. And the fact that they were all here for Molly, but only John knew her, was supremely disturbing.
“I’m sure.”
“So here’s the thing. The metaphysical displacement itself is an extremely rare occurrence for cognizant parallels, mathematically. And for it to happen twice to reverse the effect is nearly impossible—without coordination. But we discovered the mirror, didn’t we? That mirror allows us to coordinate.”
John’s attention was drawn sharply to where Sherlock was ordering a Beta out of his chair. “What? No, I don—”
—stop him from doing: tracking down the sons of bitches who had tried to sever their bonding.
“I thought it was over between us. I believed you wouldn’t want me anymore, because if I wasn’t Omega, how was I any good to you?”
“I hate you,” he muttered over the bowl, panting. Three treatments in, the scent was having greater effect on him. She Compelled with gusto, and his obedience had to match. Therefore, he’d eaten so fast he had barely taken time to breathe.
“Just . . . like that?”
“I think he’s going to be sick,” said Donovan, and everyone took half a step back.
“Too dangerous for the average Omega, you mean?”
Then he broke left and ran.
“You can say. You can tell me. Anything.”
“John.” Sherlock turned him away from the mirror to face him, holding him by the upper arms. “Did you ever tell him?”
John sniffed and straightened himself before checking the caller ID. Sherlock had sent him a text:
[John barely finished reading before John returned to writing more.]
But wait. No.
Sherlock suddenly retreated. “Let me get this straight. You don’t prepare any meals for the heat, leaving me to clean out the cupboards and cobble something together and send for takeaway, and afterwards, you don’t even bother to restock? Are you unwell? If you had told me, I could have sent for someone to take a look at you.”
4 = Attraction strong
“Is that so?” said Mycroft with little interest. “This better not requisition too much of my time. You know my mate’s heat begins in two days.”
an average Omega. And I’ve been living far below my potential. No, what I’m advocating is a more egalitarian approach to Alpha-Omega relations so that dog fights are no longer necessary. I’m advocating that Betas get off their arses and see that this isn’t an issue that concerns only Omegas. If people, Omegas I mean, are going to take inspiration from what happened in the dog pen, I would hope that, yes, they do fight. Fight for better education. Fight for better jobs. Fight for respect and better treatment. Fight to know themselves and all they’re really capable of, because we
Jackie learned that Pamela was a widow, and Pamela learned that Jackie had been married to the same man for the greater portion of her life, a man of modest tastes but something of brain for investments, and they were living quite comfortably, and expected to live out the rest of their days in just such comfort and leave the rest to charities and foundations, having had no children themselves in all their years together on Earth.
“Um . . .”
For a few seconds, John bit his lower lip, as though contemplating. “I mean . . . obviously, this is a . . . problem . . .”
John 2:
John’s head snapped back to the mirror, and to a reflection that was no longer a reflection, but an image of himself falling back several steps, fingers raking through his hair at both sides of his head, looking utterly shocked and mouthing, “Oh my God, oh my God.”
He didn’t remember hitting the water, or anything that followed. But putting two and two together, he realized it must not have gone perfectly. Not if he was in hospital. But wait, did that mean . . . ? Had it not worked?
He trailed off. John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s curls to comfort him, reassure him of his presence. It wasn’t usual, his being the strong one. But just now, it felt right. “Tell me what?”
John 2: [John laughed, feeling carefree.]
“Omegas don’t do dog fights. They just don’t.”
“Is that what you’ve come to talk about? Comics?” Chris’s eyes were wide with anticipation.
“May I help you, Mr. Watson? Are you visiting? Looking for someone?”
“I’ll manage,” John told Molly. “What about you two? Still getting on, I see.”
He flinched again at the insensitive words he was so unused to hearing from her lips. He sniffled and wiped a hand under his nose. The nearest tissue box was empty. “Where’s Clara?” he asked, needing another thread of conversation while he pulled himself together.
“I hear you,” John agreed. He was still nursing whatever had been on tap, following Lestrade’s lead when it came to ordering drinks. It tasted awful, just awful. Like liquid bread that had gone sour. What people found appealing about this boggled him. He would much rather go for a lemonade or Coke. But drinking was a form of camaraderie that the other John apparently engaged in with the inspector detective, so he played the part and took another hard swallow.
John smiled, filled with hope. “Then, do you think . . . ?” he began, then trailed off, not sure whether he should give voice to another concern.
“Seven years, yes. We’re bonded.”
“That’s why the first displacement occurred in the first place,” Sherlock recapped.
“Stop it,” John said suddenly, unable to bear another word. His mouth had gone dry and he felt dizzy, like he might keel over.
John gasped and pushed himself off the wall and away from Dr. Stapleton’s cloying hands. But his knees had gone weak, his head felt heavy, and suddenly he was on the ground. Dr. Stapleton crouched beside him, one hand on the back of his neck, not gripping, but firmly keeping him down, like pinning a dog by the scruff.
“Think this is funny, do you, Mr. Holmes? Scaring your Omega so badly he’s gone into hiding?”
He ascended the stairs and stopped short: Sherlock was waiting for him the moment he stepped into the flat.
He crashed through it.
“In other words,” Sherlock said, for clarification, “you don’t believe displacement is rare.”
But he had run through only two experiments (favoring ones involving trains) when his intensive thought process was . . . derailed. By a visitor to his Palace.
Sherlock laughed. “You think that was my doing? That was all John.
He didn’t know how to finish that thought. All he knew was that it ended in a
The Omega Uber service had popped up within the last couple of weeks, shortly after John’s first interview: staffed entirely by Betas, it was a free service, funded by the proceeds of regular Uber cab rides, to transport lone Omegas wherever they needed to go after sunset. John had used it himself, mostly just to check it out, and he was quite impressed.
“Or lose an eye. I’ll scoop it right out of your skull, I swear to God. Optic nerve? Severed. Cornea, shredded. Vitreous humor leaking out of the flattened retina. Pulverized choroid. Sclera like jelly. Then I’ll make you eat it. Don’t think I won’t."
And that’s when he noticed it: his penis—it was small.
“No. Our story would have been different, but we would have met all the same,” countered Sherlock. He stepped around to face John squarely and rubbed his upper arms, consolingly. “And then we would have been looking for a place to rent. Mrs. Hudson would have become a part of our story, one way or another. I’m sure of it.”
“You’ll answer my questions eventually, John,” she said with a condescending sigh to indicate that though perturbed, she fully expected to win out in the end. “You can’t deny me forever.”
“They didn’t bring up
“If you cannot contribute to that result,” Sherlock said stiffly, “then we have likely run out of things to say to one another.”
He cleared his throat. “Erm, yeah.”
“Oi there, omegomer, sweet little tart. Out here all on your own, eh?” one of them taunted, and another grabbed his crotch suggestively and gave it a crude shake.
“Sorry, mate,” John muttered, staring at the ground beneath his shoes, shifting his weight guiltily.
John was just about to turn the gun on her when her attention was suddenly diverted. The fire in the bin roared yellow, and the smoke billowed black and puffy to the ceiling.
John obeyed.
“You’ll just slow me down,” said Sherlock.
“And your bond-mate just lets you wander the city, alone, at night, smelling like you do?” The man tsked. “He’s just begging for someone to defile you, then, eh?”
>>. John?”
“I . . .”
“See now? A little more sleep might do you a bit of good, too.”
“John’s blog,” Sherlock corrected himself. “The young man you’re about to meet you’ve met before, so you might as well know the circumstances. His name is Chris Melas, or, as John so colorfully dubbed him, the Geek Interpreter.”
Had Sherlock meant what he said? Did he really want John—
John stopped walking and pulled out his phone. By the time Sherlock noticed his companion was no longer at his side, John had pulled up a GPS map and was repositioning it over Spain and France.
Sherlock felt himself blushing. “What I meant to say—”
“Whenever you’re ready.”
John felt his irritation flare. “Why the hell not?”
“Might be time for bed soon, eh?” John suggested around eleven o’clock. If he was going to try to contact the other world again through the mirror, he needed to have the sitting room to himself at precisely 1:15. Having been doubted once already for claiming to have seen the other John, he didn’t want to mention it again until he had more solid proof.
“You left your pack behind when you joined mine. The Alpha blood takes priority. Our pheromones have dominance.”
It had been a cycle of ferocious need, mesmerizing satisfaction, and exhaustion. After the first wave of desperate aching and explosive pleasure, he had slept, and slept deeply. But upon waking, he discovered himself still trapped in the dream, still lying in Sherlock’s bed, still lying in Sherlock’s
“Watson!”
“Those too.”
“You not coming back to me in one piece.”
“Huh.” Crap, now what? Time to keep playing stupid. “I gotta say, I’m drawing a blank here! I mean, I thought I knew it, but it’s just not working . . .”
“Fine.” His head retreated, but he didn’t leave the bathroom.
“Tomorrow,” said Sherlock, “we’re going to play a little game. It’s called, ‘Better Late Than Never.’ Get a good night’s sleep, because we start bright and early.” He waved a hand at the mirror. “He’s not showing up tonight anyway.”
“You want this. I know you want this.” John ran his hands across Sherlock’s chest, sending shivers down his back. “That’s why you created me.” He grazed Sherlock’s bottom lip with his thumb and combed clawed fingers through his curls before tightening and pulling and making him groan. “Because ever since he left your bed, you’ve known he’s not coming back to it. And it’s never felt so cold and empty. But it’s okay, it’s okay. You have
He was so taken aback that he literally fell back a step. “To, you know. Help.”
, and Sherlock, he’s . . . he’s all about reason, and logic, and what the hell, let me out of this car, I need to talk to him.”
He yearned for Sherlock Holmes.
He shook his head to clear it, and let himself in.
“Stop! My
Time disappeared entirely. However long they held each other, just like that, John would never know, but Sherlock’s arms around him never slackened, and John’s feet still didn’t touch the floor. John had never seen Sherlock so outwardly affectionate, not outside of a heat anyway. It was startling, though not unwelcome. John wanted this tenderness, this demonstrative wanting. But there was something else going on. He felt it against him: Sherlock’s stomach muscles shaking, shuddering. Then the ragged, breathy gasp. He was crying.
“I saw you in here before,” said Mike. “You’re a friend of Molly’s.”
“You’re the bravest man I ever met.”
“Because it’s impossible? Going back?”
Feeling chastised, John lowered his head and nodded meekly.
. So go ahead. Talk shit about me all you like, but don’t have a go at my Sherlock. Because you know something? I love him. And you know something else? You’re a bit of an arse yourself.”
Sherlock was staring out the window, hands clasped behind his back. Without turning around, he said, “I do not believe you are clairvoyant.”
His questions were interrupted by Sherlock's confident voice. His friend must have been reading his mind right now.
"Am I interrupting?" Francesca asked and looked around for Mycroft.
"Did you at least prove what you wanted?" He slowly walked over to the table.
"I'll take care of it, John ..." he said, checking the bill and reaching into his pocket for his wallet. When he pulled it out, he didn't notice the small plastic wrap that got tangled between his fingers and landed on the ground, right next to John's feet.
Aaron also got up from his seat. He approached him slowly and with an empty glass in his hand. "You can expect me in your apartment today, then."
"Sherlock will be furious if he finds out..." Mycroft said in a whisper. His words sounded strange as if he were talking to himself.
"I left it in the store. There is no point in carrying it in such heat. I will take it when we return to the hotel this way."
Several times John has witnessed the grown-up and serious brothers Holmes fighting over something. And yes, every time it was a strange and funny sight. The dignified Mycroft was turning into a small possessive boy and the proud Sherlock into a jealous kid who tried to appropriate his brother's toy. With this hilarious vision of quarrelsome geniuses, he turned to Aaron. "Unfortunately, I am not a gentleman. I am a military doctor. Violence and strength solutions suit me more," he said with an unpleasant smile, reached out quickly and grabbed Stoner's penis.
John definitely stopped loving her when he found out with Sherlock and Mycroft in a little room. They were there, with a gun. And Culver Smith was talking to them from the camera, playing his mad game. He worked for Moriarty, or rather Mary.
«You like it, actually.»
«And Mary...»
«John, can we go upstairs now?» Suddenly whispers this in a naughty tone. John jumps when the detective’s lips kiss his neck softly.
John remembers that moment when he punched him in the morgue. To calm him, of course, but he hit him so hard that Sherlock banged his head against the room and fainted.
‘No, no.’
His eyes make the doctor stop.
«You want to know what I deduce about you, Sherlock?» Maybe it’s the whisper, full of love, or maybe it’s the desire pressing inside his chest, because the detective doesn’t reply, and just leans forward and kisses him.
«John» Suddenly Sherlock calls him.
John kisses and greedily sucks at his neck, with so much possession and love that Sherlock is trembling against the wall. Suddenly, the kiss grows more soft, and then he says words as lullabies against his skin. Desperate as a man who has waited so long to say those things, and happy that he can finally word them.
«Happy birthday, Sherlock.» He whispers to him, and glances at his face. He sees Sherlock’s embarrassment from an adorable pink color on his cheekbones.
«For God’s sake, John! This place is absurd that’s bordering on ridiculous, for how illustrious it is. You’ve exaggerated, don’t you think?»
Oh... well, at this point, we should try to sleep a bit» The consulting detective whispers this and turns to his back, the doctor silently agrees with him.
In that moment, the tranquility of the evening, of people going their way on the street, disturbs him even more since it brings his mind to a place where he doesn’t want to dwell. It’s like Sherlock is locked inside his own brain, and he is not able to shove
«Oh, I’m sorry, my dear Sherlock, for being fond of this.»
«Look at me, Sherlock. Just look at me. I waited years for this moment, I’ve wanted this and I’m such an idiot for not understanding before. I’m sorry for that. You know I find difficult this sort of stuff, I’m not very good at this...but look at me now and tell me what you see. Just tell me.»
A girl he likes very much, and he will want to court at all costs.
«Miss Mortsan needed some advice about a place she plans to go, to America. I told her in the past about my few relatives being from there, so she wanted information about it. She wanted to know about the land and people, just so she could got to her future
I sigh when I get back from work and from the brief meeting with Miss Mortsan, and find Sherlock in the same ‘rut’ as the day before. I see him in front of the window playing a mournful tune on his violin, it really triggers my emotions, and this is enough.
Even despite the guilt in his eyes, maybe because he put that fear in Holmes; he gets closer to him, in a slow and sensual way. Sherlock feels his throat burn, and his heart beating fast.
And he’s in trepidations.
He looks at his reflection on the window and anger grows within him. ‘Who is that man?’ He asks. ‘Who am I? Just a remnant of myself?’
And Sherlock smiles, an amazingly bright one. «Yes.»
The therapist was supposed to help him, but never did; Suddenly, one day Mrs. Hudson went to him with Sherlock and asked for his help. He was so high that John thought for an instant on not helping him and ignoring him, but in the end the doctor accepted. Then he discovered Sherlock did even that for him, always for him.
And then there can be only the two of them: always Sherlock and John.
When Sherlock entered that restaurant, he’d known John was there with someone. But even with that knowledge, the moment he looked at him, as his anxiety grew, he thought about what would had happened if they had gone together.
«Sorry to bother you, but the cake is here. The speciality of this place: chocolate and meringues. Only for you, Mr. Holmes. I’ve added something, a little symbol to make this very... sweet.» The corpulent funny-faced waiter with lively eyes goes to them with a beautiful and impeccable cake, and winks to John before going.
He opens the door and he is stuck dumb: the table in the living room is adorned with two red, scented candles, a good dinner probably made by John and Mrs. Hudson hands at the centre of it. Instead of the usual mess, there are plates of pasta, a good wine and so much more food.
John looks at the cake and sees the symbol the waiter meant: a red heart is drawn on it, but the doctor doesn’t feel embarrassed for it...
He remembers that moment when they were saved only thanks to the Holmes brother’s plan, and he had seen Mary in front of him. He had a gun in that moment, and yes, he had thought of shooting her. But of course, he did not. After Lestrade and the police of Scotland Yard arrived there and the problem was solved.
«Yeah, yes. I understand» The consulting detective interrupts him. He gulps and half-closes his eyes.
He tries to understand the reason why they haven’t talked about the kiss; neither of them is very good with words, but why hasn’t John even mentioned it? He asks himself whether John has forgotten or if he just didn’t want to talk about it. Perhaps Watson wanted to ignore it.
John has difficulty sleeping tonight, but that is not news; because he often finds himself looking at the white ceiling for many hours. He tries to find something, he doesn’t know what, anything to make him sleep and calm him; but it’s very hard.
«I’m sorry,»At that point, John can speak. In a little raspy whisper, but Sherlock hears him anyway. John sees that in the other’s trembling lips and he blinks.
But Sherlock stops the blogger. «I lied before.»
Like usual, I don’t understand where his mind is coming from, so I reply with the same frozen tone.
But Sherlock doesn’t want to laugh.
«Mary is not important anymore. She will never tough you again, I swear to you, Sherlock. I promise you» John interrupts him and sees a smile appear on Sherlock’s perfect lips.
but he doesn’t detect any female fragrance.
«I mean, sleep with me Sherlock. You know? When two people share the bed and sleep closer...»
John has difficulty sleeping tonight, but that is not news; because he often finds himself looking at the white ceiling for many hours. He tries to find something, he doesn’t know what, anything to make him sleep and calm him; but it’s very hard.
The blogger feels arousal and chills on his skin and body. There, his back to wall with the man he loves glued to him.
cases… and for his remarkable mind, boredom is such a hateful thing.
«I’m not trying to comfort you, but I find it very interesting and comfortable to stare at the ceiling together» In fact, they are with their faces to the ceiling.
other and get together as a couple.
Do you need more proof?
Sherlock sighs and John knows he rolled his eyes, he just knows! Despite the darkness, so a little smile covers the doctor’s lips.
Suddenly a name appears in Sherlock’s mind: Irene.
«John, it’s not your fault» Obviously, Sherlock has deduced John’s thoughts and the doctor sighs.
«Sherlock» He calls him with a soft whisper, and the consulting detective lifts his head, but his bright eyes are full of fear. He doesn’t look at John and his gaze is elsewhere. It’s like Sherlock is in trance and the doctor feels afraid for him because of that.
«Mmh?»
The blogger looks away.
Because John now knows that what he had felt in that embrace was true; he was right.
John goes to the door. «So, are you coming?» He looks back to him with his head turned to the right. Sherlock opens his mouth but doesn’t say anything.
«John.» He calls him with a soft whisper, he’s in lovely trepidations while John talks sweetly again.
Despite the fact that his deduction skills are excellent, human emotions confuse him and John Watson is far more difficult the any other person.
It hurts to play, so Sherlock closes his eyes as the smells, the laughs and the looks he has shared with John are there in front of him. It’s as if they were scenes of a film, so lively that he feels he could touch them, caress them with the notes he plays.
_______
He is smoking his onyx pipe, the type he uses when he is upset, and he is shrouded by smoke. His head in on his knees and he looks trapped inside a nervous crisis. I sigh and call Mrs. Hudson, we look at each other before I ask her if she could cook a delicacy— honey and toasted almonds— that I know my detective can never resist.
calm, I armed myself with patience and didn’t say a word.
invisible wound, because he remembers when and why John had gone to the flat that day.
«What are you talking about, Holmes?»
The doctor puts his hand on the table, with his palm up and waiting. His blue and intense eyes piercing into Sherlock’s. The detective frowns and does as John wants.
The night is very dark, but the light of the moon in the sky and the lamppost make the street visible. It’s late, 2:35 a.m. but it’s the best time to go to Baker Street, isn’t it?
The blogger looks at him and he reads confusion on his face. So John looks at the floor pained. It’s so heavy that he feels his whole body shiver, but now he is sure.
«Maybe we could go now.» Sherlock speaks before him, and the doctor frowns.
Sherlock closes his eyes, and the tears he held back fall on his cheeks. It’s like a bite, and he feels the discussion on his skin, he feels the gap between them.
Suddenly, Sherlock’s steps stop and that doesn’t calm the blogger, quite the opposite, it upsets him. So John puts on his blue dressing gown, and goes downstairs.
«Thank you» He says with a soft tone, and that makes John smile again, and so after some months of suffocated nightmare and troubled nights, together they fall asleep. They sleep comforted by the presence of the other. Together.
John feels very angry for this like he has a fire inside of him; because he wasn’t able to protect the only person and man that counts for him. And for two years, maybe even more, Mary had tried to push Sherlock away and John wasn’t able to stop this. He didn’t know.
After spending the night alone again, since my companion continued with his restlessness and did not wish to speak about it, I begin to waver.
He felt guilty for this, and he tried to leave Sherlock in the hospital. But after all, he came back.
Hi ^_^ i hope you enjoy this, it's inspired by the one of the clever theory i ever read Aliby Theory and by
«Good evening, Sherlock. Finally! I was worried you wouldn’t be here in time.» His tone is as deep and determined as his blue eyes; despite the tiny bit of anxiousness showing in them, but John controls it and stares at him.
«Did you ask her, Watson?» He interrupts me, and puts his violin down under the window. The sadness still encloses him like a dark halo. The fact that he calls me by my surname, despite the fact that we are alone, hurts me and confirms something is really not going well.
He sighs and places the violin on his armchair. He gets close to John’s; brushes it with his fingers and stays there as he thinks, and desires to vanish into the seat so he could somehow be a part of John like the blogger is of him.
If the detective could observe the scene from the outside, he would probably laugh; would ridicule himself and his stupid figure so enslaved by feelings.
And then, when he hits the final note, he does it again, he talks to him like he never would.
because how could I decline the invite of a woman so delicate?
«The first time we had dinner together, your deduction was correct. Do it again.»
“I did... it needs a simple deduction to know why I did this, for God’s sake, John.” He has a distant tone, but the hurting is in the glint of his eyes, emotion...so much emotion that John doesn’t want to see, so he doesn’t say anything. He’s unsure of what to do, because he is afraid that if he makes a move, something will break, like John knows his heart is.
But Sherlock is there now, and he had been with him even when the doctor was shouting to Mary.
Sherlock sighs and John knows he rolled his eyes, he just knows! Despite the darkness, so a little smile covers the doctor’s lips.
«Sherlock, hey» He still insists. Sherlock jumps and his fear goes away when he looks at him.
“I know, Sherlock. I’m not stupid, but I never asked you to do that.” With a closed fist John says this and glances elsewhere. “And you don’t understand, not yet.” He adds in an angry whisper.
An altar, a bride in a white dress, so many laughs and tears. He stands besides John through it all, but not in the way he wanted. Doing fake smiles. But not faking the tears, those are real.
John thinks with a smile, but actually, they are in one of the most eminent places in all London.
He doesn’t reply, as I had imagined, and with a much oppressive sense of guilt I leave the flat. I hope when I come back he will listen to me and his mood will have improved, but there is a big possibility that it won’t. As I go my way down the stairs, I hear his melody turn into a dark and irritated tone, I sigh and hope to find my Sherlock in a different and positive condition.
While we eat in silence, I lose myself looking at him, and I see how he has put on the mask that he usually wears with strangers, but never with me…
I provoke him again, but he does not answer to that, he prefers to kiss me. With a groan, I embrace him too. And while our lips are united, I think about how lucky I am to have the love of the man I love as well. Too luck to be loved by the astonishing and
«Yes. She was, in fact» But he stopped thinking about her like his wife, when John had knew Mary had betrayed him. When he found her in Morocco with a gun and purpose. And when he discovered her true identity.
Sherlock wants to talk, he wants to say something but understands that it’s not the time. Both of their breaths are heavy and irregular, the silence is absolute and only the clock is ticking from the living room.
Thanks to everyone read or feedback ^_^
They kiss again and step away from the wall.
His Sherlock... he’s done those wound to himself and to John, but he’s the only cure for them. That man is there, sleeping and clutching John’s jacket like he needs it to sleep well, and it makes John’s anger go away. The dust between them apparently just fades and makes space for the complete love John feels for him. So John smiles a bit, leaning over Sherlock and looks at his lips. After, he caresses the consulting detective’s curly hair and steps back from him.
A thing wraps itself around his stomach, twists his bowel; and only for his doctor’s cold blood can he keep the medical objects in his hands and not let them fall.
In any way, I feel the beating of guilt wrap around my stomach and I cannot finish my breakfast, so I get up. We are alone and in these moments of intimacy, I can show my affections for him and even call him by his given name. I want him so much this morning, but I also know he doesn’t want it too, so I sigh resigned and caress his back with my gaze.
she's
Mary pointed her gun at Sherlock and John felt afraid that the detective was risking his life again, so he fired.
But it wasn’t like that.
Hearing him compare me to anyone, makes me feel badly lost, because yes, it’s true, I did not tell him about Lady Mary, but only because I didn’t want to trouble his mind with such an ordinary thing.
His voice is so warm and soft, and falls down over the detective’s skin as it grows hot, as do his cheeks.
«Oh, of course, I apologies to Mr. Funny-deerstalker-Holmes hat, it gives us a discount on occasion.»
John goes to the door. «So, are you coming?» He looks back to him with his head turned to the right. Sherlock opens his mouth but doesn’t say anything.
«I’m not stu...» He stops because the blogger approaches him, and takes off the curly-haired man’s coat. Then Sherlock is enveloped by his perfume, a good aftershave; and he is transported to a place he doesn’t know.
«It’s not ridiculous like your hat, I’m wondering why you wore it today.» But John knows why, and a little smile covers his lips.
They separate from the wall and the consulting detective looks at him, they’re kissing again and John and Sherlock are holding hands. With a sweet and horny smile, they go up to 221B Baker Street.
-John is very calm, despite the anxiety in his eyes. This is obvious for how strongly he grips his fork. But he controls it like the soldier he is.
There’s a knot in John’s throat now, he feels rung dry and he can’t talk, but he must do it; Sherlock deserves it. So, John looks at the curly-haired man, because he’s moving, he’s leaving him, but when John meets the gleaming green-blue eyes of the other man, he stops.
... he thinks and sighs.
And John wants and must do something like this for him, right?
So, in doubt, John looks at the other man’s face. He wants to brush it, but stops himself, because he sees the wounds Sherlock has, and it’s his fault.
John has not slept, wrapped in the dust created between Sherlock and him, like a vine on his stomach. So he’s here.
An agonizing vision of Sherlock sliding down the wall, his knees covering up his body and supporting his head. The light from above, illuminates him a little, and seeps into his curly hair. John gulps, he feels a huge weight inside him and an anxiousness wrap his stomach at seeing Sherlock like this: helpless, desperate.
John grumbles a smile and then he laughs, because Sherlock was right. Those were his thoughts before that moment between them.
The blogger hides a small smile, and with frowning eyebrows he says:
Sherlock Holmes.
His hair is pulled back and exposes his handsome face so well, his blue eyes… and he looks so sexy.
And how did John repay him? He went far away from the curly man, stayed in another city and begun a new life full of sleepless nights and alcohol. Using it to think of the anger he felt at Sherlock, and at himself. Specially the hatred he felt for it.
So, the doctor kneels in front of him.
People are boring, he has always known that, but he was no longer used to the silence after two years away from the city, to its pushing sensation. The calm of London exasperates him, because Sherlock loves the shimmering, the haunting, the interesting
“Am I under suspicion of something?”
video, from the inexplicable pacing on the bridge that had lasted for
“What? What would you have done? I’ve read the literature, Sherlock, I know that Omegas don’t really have a choice in the matter, do they? It’s either
“He fought back,
” John leveled the gun at him, and there was something in his eyes, the steady confidence in his hands, that made them realize he knew exactly what he was doing, and he meant exactly what he threatened. Byron dug into his front pocket, extracted the lighter, and tossed it through the air. John caught it, and without taking his eyes off his targets, tossed it again over his shoulder. He heard Sherlock catch it.
“May I see the bullet scar, please,” said Sherlock with a small mouth, like he feared John’s would snap at him or tell him to go to hell. But this one John had anticipated from the start.
“Me?”
, I knew it! I knew you were mad for him. Well, if that isn’t one for the papers. Please tell me you’re putting it in your blog. You’d get a million hits, you know. And I’d finally start reading again, I was getting bored with the will-they-won’t-they trope. Go on then! Share the sordid details—who sucked off who, who how many fingers fit up whose whatsit, how many times in a night—and you’d have in me your most loyal follower.” She laughed again, sloshing scotch into her lap.
John began to hum I’m a Little Teapot.
Sherlock sighed. He was clearly weary, and rubbed his temples where apparently a headache was pounding. “So. What brilliant plan did my
Sherlock flashed him a menacing look; he was still an Alpha unaccustomed to being challenged by his Omega. “Excuse me?” he repeated, as though daring him to repeat it.
“Sleep? What time is it?”
me, so there wasn’t a lot of time for discussion before the bing bang boom—”
to set the evidence aflame.
The Alpha Trevor spit on the ground. His gushing nose dripped blood like a fountain.
,” Sherlock continued. “So I was determined to show him, next time, how much I desired him, too. Because I feared he’d forgotten it. And I didn’t want him to doubt it. Not for a second.”
He ran into Sarah Sawyer at the supermarket where he was deciding between a chardonnay and a sauvignon blanc, as John hadn’t seemed to care much for the red wine he’d brought home last time. Although, Sherlock could have sworn he’d seen him imbibe the pinot noir with relish in the past.
, smiled beneath the mask and said, “Please.”
“Police have arrested a mother and father for the death of thirteen-year-old Omega-X Charlotte Bernstein. Reports say that the Bernsteins, both Betas, neglected to provide their daughter with an Alpha during her first heat. The two Betas, members of Nothing Knotting, a cult well known for their views opposing Alpha-Omega dependencies, told police that they were trying to teach their maturing daughter to conquer her own body and practice the Eastern-inspired art of mind over matter, a growing trend among Beta and Omega radicals."
Twenty minutes later, John was on his feet and fully dressed. He was leaving. They didn’t need to call his Alpha to escort him home, or hell, graciously offer him
“Not one more word,” John said back, his fake moustache tickling Sherlock’s cheek. “Adrenaline is fuel.” He winked and smiled.
The heat was rising in his face, from embarrassment at his eagerness, from shame that he had been expecting, even hoping for, a different kind of reception.
The curtain had risen; the rehearsal was over.
Sherlock stared at him in wonder.
be, which, granted, was fairly presumptuous. But wasn’t it
“Me too.”
Then, as almost an afterthought, he added one more line:
Lestrade was shaking his head. “Nonsense, John, this is serious business.” He clapped a hand on John’s shoulder and offered a condescending sort of smile.
