“Way ahead of you big guy. We have all of the available villas booked the first two weeks and a majority of the hotel block too,” she explains, pulling out her tablet and showing Dean all of the people who want to stay at the hotel that's not even complete yet.
“Yeah?” Dean asks, smiling. He looks at their little villa and then around the rest of the hotel. They have work to do, but he thinks it'll be worth it. “I think I agree with you.”
-- -- --
“Dean!”
“Rudolph?” Dean asks, confused. “Like the reindeer?”
“Mr. Winchester,” Castiel ignores the stupid animal pun. It’s the same one that he has been greeted with the last eight years. The worst part is, it’s not the only one he will hear today! Dean has a never-ending list of stupid animal puns that he puts to use just to annoy Castiel. Ok, that's not exactly true, he tells them to entertain the kids and annoy Castiel. The first year the teacher only had a few and they mostly confused Cas. Then the second year it happened again but with more and they annoyed him. This continues on for eight years with new animal puns each time, so Castiel strives to do his best at ignoring them as much as possible. Unfortunately it never works. The more he ignores them the harder Dean tries to get him to crack. Not this year though. Castiel is so sure that he will not give in to the teacher's antics and will focus solely on the kids. He can’t say the same for his coworkers though as they both giggle at the man in front of them. A quick glare from Cas thankfully shuts them up instantly.
“It's perfect?” Dean asks incredulously. “I’m sorry did we not just walk through the same hotel? You know the one that is abandoned and broken and smells like something died in there?”
Cas rolls his eyes, but does as he’s told. On their way they pass Charlie’s group and Dean stops her for a second to whisper something in her ear. The redhead smiles and is almost bouncing on her toes in excitement. Castiel wonders what the teacher told her but then he sees Dean hand her a small bundle of something and it hits him. They’re gummy bears. Dean is making sure all of the kids get some and not just the ones in his group. Knowing Gabriel he always has a stash of sweets with him so there is no doubt his group will also get something. As the two groups start moving again Dean makes sure each kid gets a high five and a smile as they pass him.
“Oh yes! Cassie tends to miss those types of things,” The shorter man says while nudging Cas in the ribs.
He hesitates before answering her. “I just need a break from things for a while.”
Just the thought of Cas finding someone else to spend the rest of his life with rips Dean’s heart out. Up until this point Cas has been unavailable because he has been married. When Castiel first brought up the divorce to Dean it gave him a little bit of hope that maybe they could have a future together. Something more than what they already have. As soon as that thought flew through his head, he shot it down. Just because Cas is soon to be single doesn’t mean he will want to be with Dean. He knows Cas swings both ways just like him, they talked about their college experiences. For Cas it was an exploratory time of his life after growing up in a very religious household and for Dean it was finally a chance to be himself away from his homophobic father.
. “Um yeah, sorry I’m a nickname kind of guy. If you don't like it, that's totally fine! I have no problem with Castiel! It's actually a really awesome name and…” Dean trails off once he realizes he's rambling. He can feel heat rising to his cheeks.
“Pleasures all mine, I’ve heard a bit about you,” Cas replies, shaking Sam’s extended hand.
“Sam’s great, still out in California with his family,” he replies, knowing that if he doesn't address the question now Becky will just ask again later. “Hey I’m on site at the Thompson residence and have a question about the framing for a couple of the walls. It says here that CJN is the engineer. Can I talk to them please?”
Really, it shouldn’t have surprised him. Each year the local elementary school sends their third grade class out to the zoo for a tour of the animals. This has been going on for the last eight years and Cas was the lucky one who got chosen to lead the tour the very first year it happened. Since then he has done all of them. Don’t get him wrong, he absolutely adores kids and loves giving tours! It’s the kids’ teacher that is the difficult part of this day.
“I’m fine.”
“No cheating this time!” Dean yells, causing Cas to chuckle quietly next to him.
“Thank you,” she smiles innocently before practically skipping to the next hole. Dean follows behind with his own small smile in place. The teenager may be annoying at times but he can’t help but love her. And he's happy to see her feeling better. He knows they’ll have to talk eventually, but for now he is happy to just give her this and hopes she has a good time.
“I called your office and your boss told me you were here so I had to surprise you,” Ketch explains. He has that smile on his face that Castiel used to love, but now it gives him a sour taste in his mouth. Cas watches Ketch’s eyes travel up and down his body in an appreciative way and it feels so different than when Dean did the same thing earlier. “And who is this?”
“Good morning sleeping beauty!” Dean greets only wincing slightly at the name.
“Hell if I know, he has always called us that though and we just go with it. Come one let's go get some food, I’m starving.” Dean says and gently leads Castiel down the hall with his hand still on his back.
“Oh, he should be here any minute, he called earlier and said there were some personal manners he had to attend to.”
“We wanted to ask you guys about something and we need you to be completely honest, okay?” He tries to hide his nerves the best he can but his hand is fidgeting on the other side of the counter out of sight. Dean would never admit it, but Emma’s answer worries him. He doesn’t know what his daughter will prefer. It would devastate him not having her with him for the time he's working on the project. If she decides to join them in the Bahamas but later regrets it because of everything else she would be missing out on, it would probably hurt him a lot more.
“Yeah I probably deserved that!” Dean exclaims once they calm down a bit. “Come on big guy, let's get you up and skating.”
“Can you really plan out something like a relationship?” Dean asks.
This trip has always been pretty special to Dean and Emma. But it has always just been the two of them. He has always hoped that he would share it with a partner one day too. It would become their family trip, something to look forward to every year. It almost happened once too.
“You might be able to. Are there any traditions or special events that go on in this town during this time of year?” He asks in his professional voice.
“Yes! Exactly! I need to use this time to focus on my little brother instead of some random guy I just met,” Dean claps his hands with a big smile on his face. He found a valid reason to get out of going to the bar, but Sam’s signature bitch face says otherwise.
Dean watches Castiel carefully as he takes the burger in two hands, careful not to spill anything out from the sides or bottom. He loves how Cas doesn’t even question what Dean put on the burger. Cas happily accepts anything Dean gives him and always lets him know how much he appreciates it, usually by a gratified moan. Right on cue, Castiel takes his first bite and when the burst of flavor hits, he groans in satisfaction.
“Anything I can do to help?” Cas asks while taking off the same beige trenchcoat Dean always sees him in.
“Why do they have to get divorced though?” she asks.
“Good morning Carol, thank you for breakfast.”
“Yeah? How was the boat?”
Before his thoughts spiral any more the bathroom door opens and Dean steps out wearing the most ridiculous pair of pajamas he has ever seen. It's a matching set, collared shirt and pants, with green and red stripes running down.
The guy squints his eyes and tilts his head in confusion, probably wondering why on Earth this total stranger has his hand on him. He follows Dean anyways and soon Dean is pointing at the two girls laughing at the table.
“It’s a classic!” Dean argues incredulously.
“I was unaware you didn’t enjoy flying,” Cas’ deep gravelly voice is barely heard over the roaring in Dean’s own head. Dean, not wanting to waste precious air on talking, remains silent and closes his eyes, trying to picture a white sand beach and bright blue water. It helps that their destination is a tropical island in the Bahamas which is exactly that. He can’t wait to sit his ass down into the sun warmed sand with an ice cold beer in his hand enjoying a relaxing vacation for once in his life.
“Talk. That's all you have to do,” the older woman says, giving them a knowing look.
He can see Castiel thinking it over so Dean uses the time to really take the other man in. Dean doesn’t know anything about their personal life. Their only interactions have been drop off and pick up, a brief wave or nod or smile, nothing more. Claire’s mother has never been mentioned or seen, so Dean has no idea if she is still in the picture at all. He tries to take a peek at Castiel’s hand to see if there is a ring, but unfortunately can't see his hands. Dean instantly berates himself for being intrusive. If Castiel wants him to know something then he will tell him himself. It’s not like they're friends, or have even had a real conversation since that first day they met.
“Fine. There is an old legend that back in the early 1800s Santa crashed his sleigh in this very spot. He fell in love with the town and surrounding areas so he decided to make this place his home. Every year, at midnight, when Christmas Eve changes to Christmas day if you look up into the sky you’ll see a good streak of light flying through the air which is Santa on his sleigh heading out to deliver all the presents to the good boys and girls of the world. The catch is, that only those who truly believe will see the light in the sky”
He wanders through the inn until he hears Cas’ gravely voice coming from a room he has never been in before. It's a big open room with high ceilings and walls covered in several clocks all set at different times. Underneath are plaques with a cities name and Dean realizes they are the different time zones. What really catches his eye though is the magnificent red sleigh sitting in the middle of the room. Cas and Chris are sitting in the seat looking at a piece of paper that Dean recognizes as the picture Cas showed him earlier.
“I would love to, Dean.”
By the time seven o’clock rolled around Dean was ready to give up any pretext of sleeping so he rolled off the roll away and straight into the bathroom. He took a quick shower, which he regretted not doing the night before, then changed into a comfy pair of jeans and a henley. When he walked back out he saw Castiel still fast asleep on the amazing king sized bed. Dean took a minute to take in the other man.
“That's because it is,” Dean answers simply. Castiel tilts his head in question. “I brought that back for you dumbass. It's how you like it right?”
Dean’s stomach drops at the news, not the sleigh ride part that actually sounds pretty awesome.  How is he supposed to write the article that will literally make or break his career if he can't even get to the destination he's supposed to reach? With his appetite officially gone Dean pushes his plate away. Castiel must feel the same since he also pushes his half finished breakfast further away from himself.
“Enjoy it this time instead of just inhaling it,” Dean grumbles.
Benny helps him remove the existing windows and doors since Cas wants to replace all of them with new hurricane glass. When they find a broken window towards the back of the villa Dean understands why Cas insisted on the expensive windows. Claire helps them in any way she can, usually handing them a specific tool they need or holding something steady for them. She asks a ton of questions, which they answer, and Dean is happy to see her enjoying it. They were a little worried that the girls would get bored with nothing really for them to do, but Dean is more than happy to have the extra hands.
“What about everything else? Like soccer and your friends?” Dean asks, needing to make sure Emma won’t regret any of this.
“What’d you do?”
“Alright, here is what we are going to do. We are going to leave this how it is and call it a day. I’m going to tell the rest of the crew to go home and take the rest of the day off and the same for tomorrow. Sammy is coming early in the morning and then we are all going to take the girls out and go do something fun, okay?” Dean says.
“Oh yes! I was wondering if you wanted to read my article tonight after the festival?” Dean asks with a slight blush coloring his cheeks. He would never admit it out loud but he really is nervous about Castiel not returning his feelings. But then there are moments like right now where Cas is looking at him like he’s the only person in the room and the only one that matters and their hands are still pressed together.
“Do you want to talk before or after food?” he breaks the silence.
Castiel offers him a small smile and shrugs his shoulders as if saying ‘what can you do?’ Dean stares at him a moment more before turning his attention back to the road. He glances in the rearview mirror and meets his daughter’s bright green eyes lit up in curiosity. All of the stress and anger leaves Dean in a flood. His little girl is just excited and wondering what this big surprise is. Really, Dean only has himself to blame for this whole thing.
“Bye Claire,” a deep voice to Dean’s right draws his attention. He turns in time to see another young blond girl steadily walk into the classroom without a backwards glance. Dean turns a little further and finds a man standing there with a disappointed look on his face. Taking in the messy dark hair, the slight scruff, and the rumpled looking suit, Dean takes a guess that the guy has not had the best day so far.
“Hello Dean,” A shiver runs down Dean’s spine. That voice.
Dean and Cas file out of the small shop to see the truck disappearing down the road. He sighs heavily then sets off down the road towards the hotel, knowing Cas will follow him. Silence falls heavy around them, almost suffocating Dean. He has no idea where to begin. Missouri told them to be honest with each other, but that is easier said than done and is always something Dean has struggled with.
“Um, I saw her last night,” Dean starts, unsure how to continue. He and Cas haven’t had the chance to talk about what happened between them yet and he’s not sure if now is the time to bring it up. But they need to find Claire and Dean is pretty sure he knows why she took off. One thing at a time. “She was by the pool last night when I went to Benny’s. She asked what was wrong and I told her I just needed a break from things and she questioned me until I admitted I needed a break from you.”
“Wait, you did what??” Dean asks the man in front of him.
“Hey Cas, what would bears be without bees?” Dean asks with a smile lighting up his face. Castiel thinks to himself for a little, Dean has never done this one before. He will also admit he’s quite curious about the answer, so Cas indulges the teacher in his game.
“Alright fellas, I got to head out but enjoy the party!” Chris announces giving Carol a chaste kiss in farewell.
“Alright Charles, ask away,” he says, rolling his eyes at her excited squeal.
“Awesome.”
“Dean, that you brotha?” Benny calls from the bedroom.
Dean laughs, “Nope! You’re just going to have to wait and see! I’ll even offer to read yours for all of your spelling errors too.”
“Daddy, are we there yet?” Emma asks for the twelfth time in the last half hour alone. Dean’s grip tightens on the steering wheel of the Impala until his knuckles turn white. He is so close to snapping and just turning the damn car around. Suddenly a cool hand covers one of his own and shocks him out of his downward spiral. Dean lets out a soft gasp and turns his head to look at the man next to him.
That gives Dean pause, “Wait, what?”
Castiel knows the other man is goading him and dammit he knows he is going to fall for it.
“I can’t believe you. Get over here.”
to write this article about. And has come up with nothing. He knows he is over thinking this and that there are so many interesting things he could write about but knowing the fact that his job is very much on the line with this? It puts a lot of pressure on finding the right topic. Nothing seems big enough. Nothing is filled with the hope and love and Christmas magic that Charlie and the rest of Roman Magazines is looking for.
Back to the future now!!
“Damn brotha, I’m sorry,” Benny says, glazing back at the bedroom.
“You want to ice skate?”
“I tried to contact Sammy after I left, but I never managed to get a hold of him. So I went back to my apartment alone, since Aaron broke up with me too, and spent my first Christmas entirely alone. Ever since then I haven’t had any desire to celebrate so I avoid it at all costs. Which is why I avoid my family at all costs around this time of year. Each year, without fail, Sam will call and ask me to join them and I turn him down each time. This year I had the perfect excuse of the Aspen piece.”
“He didn't tell you to get lost and he called you an idjit you're practically family now!” Dean laughs and Castiel pointedly ignores the flutter in his stomach.
“A car? Where are you going? Charlie told us to stay here.” Cas protests slightly confused as to where Dean is planning on going. The town is small and within walking distance of the inn so a car isn’t really needed. “Is this for research?”
With his mind made up Cas packs up his things, grabs his trench coat from the hook behind the door, and walks out of his quiet classroom. He walks out the front doors and is hit with a burst of warm air. It’s early spring now, so it’s starting to get a little too warm for the coat he always wears, but Cas loves the thing too much to not wear it. He will even wear it all the way to summer if he can. Meg will give him a hard time about it, but he knows she is almost as fond of the coat as he is.
“Yes and no,” Charlie answers with a heavy sigh. She pulls something up on her tablet before turning her attention back to the group. “Our numbers are down. Yes, we are making cuts but not all of your jobs are on the line! Just some of them…”
“Thank you Dean! I’m quite proud of it, especially around this time of the year it can get quite busy.” Chris says with a chuckle.
The words hit Dean deep. He has wanted Cas for years. “I thought you said it didn’t mean anything…”
“Woah, you alright dude?” she asks cautiously.
“Well at least you get to keep your job now,” Cas says bitterly. There's a bite to his tone that hits Dean deep even though he knows Cas isn’t mad at him, just the situation.
Before he gets too far he calls over his shoulder at Cas. “The villa looks amazing, Cas!”
“Yes they are!” He gives her a reassuring smile which instantly helps with brightening the girls face. “Believe it or not these powerful cats are the fastest mammal on land and can reach up to 70 mph, their legs…”
“The next time your parents talked after that your dad gave her an ultimatum. She gives up the drugs or he takes you away from her. He didn’t want you growing up with that kind of influence.”
They reach the house and Emma is still going on and on about something that has to do with a tiger. Dean lost track of the conversation a few minutes ago but he’s not too worried about it since he knows he will hear it again at dinner. The three of them exit the truck and enter the home, kicking off their shoes at the door and wandering into the kitchen for an afternoon snack.
“Is this the family you’ve been telling me so much about?” Missouri asks, walking out through the door opening.
“It was your first year here. Middle of December and a ton of snow on the ground. I was running late for pick up, like almost an hour, it was ridiculous, and when I got there you and Em were the only two left. Cas showed up a couple minutes after I did and he looked so exhausted and panicked it was clear something was wrong, you know? When he started asking about after school programs because something came up, I offered to take you after school for however long Cas needed. Keep in mind we hardly knew each other back then, but you and Em were so close that we just made it work.
“Thank you,” he says in a very stoic manner. Dean falters a little at the response and focuses his attention back on Emma. His smile returns when he sees her sitting next to the other blond girl, both smiling and talking. Leave it to his daughter to seek out the new kid and instantly become friends with them.
Just then the door to the room opens interrupting Roman’s speech and Castiel’s inner thoughts. Castiel actually rolls his eyes for real, knowing exactly who would show up to the meeting late. Sure enough, Dean Winchester pulls a chair from the side and sits directly next to Castiel. The man shoves his jacket and bag underneath the table acting as if he didn't just disrupt everything happening around him. Dean then has the audacity to turn his full attention to Roman, acting like the perfect little worker he most definitely is not. In doing so, however,  he blocks part of Castiel’s view. With a slight slap to his arm and a death glare, Dean gets the message and scoots back slightly.
“It helps that I know two out of the three sides here,” Cas replies with a quiet chuckle.
“Damn right,” Jo says again smiling broadly. They sit quietly for a moment, sharing small smiles before Jo stands up to get them each a beer. She waits until Dean has had at least half before speaking again. “You said you and Cas had a fight?”
“No I mean would you want to go with me?” Dean asks, unable to look Cas in the eye any longer. Silence meets his question though so he risks a glance up and finds Castiel smiling at him softly.
Neither one knows how much time has passed when they finally pull apart, both breathing heavily with kiss swollen lips.They share a small smile. Dean brushes loose strands of Cas’ hair back from his forehead and kisses that spot just because he can. When he takes half a step back there is a beautiful light pink shade to Cas’ cheeks that causes Dean’s smile to grow with satisfaction.
“I love you so much.”
. Of course, Sam knows his weak spots. With a heavy sigh Dean grabs his black leather satchel, checking to make sure his laptop is in it first, and his to-go coffee mug before heading for the door.
“Dean, I would really appreciate it if you could take Claire after school some days. It won’t be every day I promise,” Castiel says gratefully.
As carefully as he can he starts to shift away from Dean and he almost succeeds in escaping when a tired groan sounds from behind him causing him to freeze. Dean grumbles, but doesnt wake up, instead he reaches for the pillow Castiel was using and hugs it to his chest. Castiel almost melts at the sight of the adorable man clutching the pillow to himself. He forces himself to look away and return to the task at hand. If he takes one more long look at the gorgeous sleeping man in the bed before he walks out the door no one needs to know.
“Yeah, all good.”
There's no way a picture from 1842 with the Winters in it can be the same Mr. and Mrs. Winters. That doesn’t make any sense. But it has to be them! It looks exactly like them. Maybe the date is wrong? Castiel studies the picture again. He takes in the clothes and jewelry that matches with the 19th century style. Also the picture itself appears to be very old. Shocked Castiel puts the boxes back but holds onto the picture and rushes back down the stairs. He needs to find Dean.
“I know, it's just that we're new here. Just moved in a couple weeks ago,” the man replies in that same deep voice that drew Dean’s attention in the first place.
“Everyone is full,” Castiel sighs. He closes his eyes at the early prickles of a headache starting to form. “Maybe we really do need a…”
Cas flushes slightly. “I slept very well thank you.”
“Shouldn’t have gotten my hopes up huh?” Dean says with a self-deprecating laugh. “God I’m such an idiot.”
“You’re giving me special inside access to the next great Dean Winchester article?” There's a teasing tone to Cas’ voice but the genuine smile he gives Dean calms him down.
“Now, do we want to talk about boys or girls?” he asks with a cheeky grin.
Cas looks almost relieved. “Ok good I’m not crazy then!”
Once she’s gone Cas lets out a sigh. He and Meg made a tradition of going to karaoke nights since their second year in college along with their friend Gabriel, another older student they found in their first year. They discovered a local bar that would host a karaoke night every other week about a mile from their college and made it a point to go to all the ones they could. It became their favorite pastime to either relieve stress from a hard week or reward themselves for passing an exam. Gabe ended up moving to New York for a teaching position, but they all kept in contact.
“That wasn’t too bad!” Dean says instead, hoping he sounds more truthful than he actually feels. If Cas’ glare is anything to go by, he doesn’t think he was very convincing. “Okay, that was pretty bad and it took a lot longer than I was expecting, but we started Cas! We got something done. Tomorrow Benny and I will be able to access the damage and then the three of us can start to fix this place up. It’s day one, we got this.”
Concert time!!
When soft white snowflakes start to fall from the dark sky above the two men decide to call it a night and head back to the inn. Castiel misses the warmth of Dean’s hand in his immediately. He really doesn't want to look at that too closely so he ignores it for now and shoves his hands into his pockets. Dean gets them both a cup of hot chocolate. They sip their drinks while they walk silently back to the inn. There is a bit of awkwardness hanging in the air between them but neither seem eager to address it yet.
Dean feels tears prickling at the back of his eyes and blinks furiously to keep them at bay. He refuses to cry in front of his little brother. Dragging Claire and Emma with him, Dean moves forwards and pulls Cas into his arms, squishing their girls between them.
“Wow Chris, this is quite the man cave you've got here!” Dean announces himself.
“What do we do now?” Dean asks.
Claire looks at him in disbelief. Dean ignores her and continues on.
The biggest smile stretches across Dean’s face as he takes in the wordless praise. Happy that Cas is happy, Dean bites into his own burger, enjoying the many flavors blending together so well. He knows the real secret to making a good burger isn’t necessarily what you put on top, but what is actually mixed into the patty itself. On top of the typical salt and pepper he also adds a little minced garlic and onion to give it a little more flavor. His absolute top secret ingredient though is a splash of Worcestershire sauce, or as Emma so proudly calls it Winchester sauce. Mix it all together with good fresh meat and
“This is Steve!” Mary exclaims holding up a unicorn plushie Bobby got her. Dean stares the unicorn in the eye through narrowed eyes. He doesn't trust it.
“Hey Clarence, got some bad news for ya,” she says while leaning in the doorway. Cas raises an eyebrow, waiting for her to continue. “I can’t go with you tonight. Ruby said she has plans for me and there is no way in hell am I passing that opportunity up.”
“I tend to write about what I’m afraid of to help me get over my fears. I tried skydiving once to get over the fear of flying, but honestly it just made it much worse,” Dean answers with a self deprecating laugh.
“I know she's really into drugs and is at the hospital or rehab centers a lot,” Claire replies.
“What do you mean?” Cas asks with that adorable head tilt.
Some time later they both wake up and eat the food Dean brought earlier, then go out and find the girls enjoying themselves by the pool. There is a poolside bar they are working on and Dean cannot wait for it to be complete. The structure is up and they are just waiting for materials to arrive to finish it off. The drawings Cas showed him with how he wants it to look blew Dean away and he is very excited to see how it will turn out. He tells Cas this when they sit on the edge of the pool with their feet dangling in the water and gets a bright smile in return. The sight is blinding and Dean is so happy to see his friend feeling a bit better.
Cas continues on, walking towards the main hotel block which houses the kitchen, a dozen hotel rooms, dining area, lounge, and everything else one would need to successfully run a hotel. Dean follows close behind as they enter through the front doors. The inside is just as bad as the outside. Abandoned items are strewn about: broken chairs and tables, old moldy mattresses, and a whole bunch of other stuff Dean doesn’t even want to get close to identifying. An old musty smell hangs over the entire place, causing Dean to wrinkle his nose and wish to get out as soon as he can. Cas keeps pushing forward though and Dean will follow him anywhere.
“Maybe!” Dean agrees. “At least it's something the majority of the population will relate too and can actually experience.”
“Don’t worry about it. You’re an adult. You’re not married anymore. You can do whatever you want. Or whoever in this case.”
“What did you think?” He asks cautiously.
Holding hands though? Sharing personal stories?
They both nod their heads obediently. The redhead is a firey grudge-holder, and everyone knows to not get on her bad side.
But right now, Claire is all that matters.
“No! You’re upset and I want to fix it!” Cas exclaims, reaching for Dean. Dean takes a step back and Cas’ hand hovers in midair for a second before dropping back down to his side.
“Good morning gentlemen,” he greets. “I have some bad news for you fellas. The storm moved South and is hitting Colorado quite hard right now so they aren’t allowing in flights anytime soon. It sounds like you two are snowed in and may be stuck here for some time longer. On the bright side, all this fresh snow is perfect for a sleigh ride!”
“Thank you, Gabriel. Now if you two will excuse me I have a meeting later this afternoon I have to get ready for. It was nice to meet you, Dean,” Cas says politely then he turns and walks further into the zoo. Dean doesn’t even realize he's watching the man walk away until he hears a throat clear next to him. He turns to see Gabe smirking at him again.
“Sure, the maid brings out the tree every year and sets it up.”
Dean’s breath catches in his throat. This is the one topic they have avoided for all of the years they have known each other. They never talk about their love lives or anything like that. Dean knows why he has avoided the topic over the years, but he doesn’t know why Cas has. “What are you talking about Cas?”
“Thank you?” Dean asks, confused. “You’re not upset that I didn’t tell you Claire is with me?”
Dean gently takes Cas’ hand and twines their fingers together, just like they had earlier that day, but this time it means so much more to both of them. Claire is safe. They worked through their problems. And now they stare at the marble hotel sign with one last task to complete.
He's not sure how many hours have gone by or how many boxes he has gone through but he has found absolutely nothing. There's not a single piece of evidence in any of the boxes that will help his case in saving the inn. Castiel did find several creepy dolls and other decorations that he quickly shoved back into their box and placed on the other side of the room. He is about to give up for the night after he goes through one more box but pauses when he comes across something interesting. It's a picture. A very old picture if the clothing and the state of the photo itself is anything to go by. But what really catches his attention are the people in the picture.
“No silly, Rudolph is our car!” Mrs. Winters points out the window towards what appears to be an old Volkswagen painted bright red.
With a huff, Castiel walks out and around the corner where he immediately runs into Dean Winchester. Literally runs into him. Castiel stumbles back until a strong hand grips his elbow pulling him in slightly. He finds himself chest to chest with Dean and his eyes fixed on his lips. Quickly realizing what he’s doing Castiel steps back and clears his throat before sending a death glare to the man in front of him. Unfortunately, it doesn’t seem to affect Dean at all since the man is still standing there staring at him.
Fourth grade. Soon to be fifth grade and then sixth when she moves on to middle school. From there high school is only a few short years later. By then she's practically an adult heading off to college. Then she will be a full grown young woman moving on in her life, not needing her poor old father anymore.
-- -- --
Curious, Dean sits up and stares at the door halfway expecting Cas to come right back in. When what feels like an hour but is probably only a couple minutes go by Dean's curiosity beats down the desire for sleep (it’s not like he was getting any anyways) and he crawls out of bed. Trying to be as quiet as he can since there are other guests at the inn he creeps down the stairs in search of his coworker.
“You won't.”
He enters the building on their left and is instantly hit with Christmas joy. There are decorations everywhere, even more than at the inn which Castiel didn’t think was possible. Kids are running around everywhere with parents chasing after them. Fake snow litters the ground and covers the trees. Castiel spins in a slight circle raking everything in and sees Dean has followed him into the shop. They continue further into the building, following the crowd, until the big red throne comes into view and Castiel sees who is sitting on top.
As time goes on and they get further along in their preparations it hits Dean just how big of a project this is going to be. They have only seen the hotel once before this and if his memory serves correctly then the whole place is going to need some major updates. This project is going to take a lot of time and money. Fortunately between the two of them money shouldn't be too much of an issue. They both have a ton of savings, some family money, and the fact that Cas is planning on selling his house before leaving will also give them an extra buffer. Dean tried to talk Cas out of selling the house but the man had already made up his mind. Something about a new beginning, which Dean can respect.
“That’s a new line coming from
“Oh?” Dean bristles. “That all you got?”
Castiel is surprisingly good at this whole business. His mouth was still at first but then it was like a switch got flipped and Dean’s world was sent spinning. He moves his lips in perfect tandem to Dean’s, presses forward just hard enough
Dean's aura did what Sam thinks of as a happy dance at that news.
Charlie had, of course, roped them into joining in the LARP activities- “for the case.” It had turned into a welcome break from their lives. Dean had thoroughly enjoyed himself, and Sam was constantly smiling, just basking in the emotions his brother was emitting. It did them good being silly for a change. The costumes were fun, and the mead was better.
not trusting
this. But, God I do. It just feels right. Cas just feels right. I mean we’ve known each other for years and it’s not like its’ new, the way
"Just in time," she says, sounding resigned and maybe a little regretful.
resisted.
It wasn’t horrible- he was still kinda surprised by how
"Oh, come on, Dean, you and me, not so different turns out." She teases. "Seems like we have the same taste. Tall, dark and damaged."
Dean falls over to lie next to Cas breathing heavily and coming down from his latest orgasm. His lips are dry and he feels exhausted. Cas reaches for him. Desperate still after hours and hours of this.
"You can cut that out- ain't gonna catch me unawares. I know what you've gone and done, and that don't work on me." She chides him. It's a welcome break being in the company of someone who is not broadcasting at him. It's peaceful.
Dean rips it off, flinging it to the ground seconds before a high-pitched screeching sound nearly bursts their eardrums, and the crystal explodes into a fine dust.
He still needs to be sure that's all it is. He can't have Dean and Cas being yanked around by something else.
They're oblivious to everything else - because, for them, everything else has faded away. The room is gone, they are in an eerie, empty space of blackness and nothingness. There is only them and miles of uncharted skin burning to be explored.
“That we don’t know. The tablet isn’t exactly clear on the hows, just the whats.”
“Hey fella’s.” he pours a cup and leans against the counter when they don’t say anything.
He wasn’t finding anything else that fit, though. He figured if it were symbolic of an older spell, he’d need occult texts, maybe even help from an actual witch since he had no idea how many potential spells there were that had their own unique calling card.
They pat each other’s backs before releasing and then John says goodnight and walks to his room down the hall.
"Sam, that spell was potent, not meant for the novice. It's a good thing your innate powers modulated it to something you can bear, or you would probably be a drooling mess in a padded room at this point," Porcha had said after they'd taken care of Spencer.
“The wrong kid got the inheritance?” Dean asks. “Big deal? It’s been like thousands of years. Why’s it matter?
“Oh my god.” Mary whimpers as Sam keeps staring at her in shock. “I don’t know what came over me”. She touches her lips in a timid gesture feeling betrayed by her own mouth.
Dean whips around; “What the fuck man! Not the time. And what do you mean we’ve never upset anyone- never mind -later.”
“That was intense. Is it always like that?
He’s a coward.
“I do by the way…"return your feelings" “he says with a low voice and he crashes their lips together.
Mary is clearly okay with this and he guesses until he has reason not to- he can be okay with it too.
“D-Dean? What are you—w-why are we—?” He stuttered, struggling with the fact that he was in
The hunter should've known. He should've realized, but he didn't. When he walked into his bedroom to find a hyper realistic doll of his best friend with a note next to it he was none the wiser that it was
“M-Me too, I—what do I—”
“Dare.”
After a couple hours Cas rolled back over with Dean, and by the time another few hours had passed the spell wore off and Dean was back to normal. He was still sticky all over, but at least it was over. And it was pretty great waking up on top of Cas, nuzzled close. When they both woke up some apologies were said and they exchanged a nice hot shower together, threatening Gabriel to
“Well, good on you! ‘S fun, right?”
“O-Oh, okay. Sam, truth or dare?”
Dean jumped when he felt Cas
Dean shrugged a little, playing with the machete as he walked with Cas. “I don’t know. I mean, it's zombie land, you can’t go around wearing a suit and tie. You need something more badass.”
“Now what?” Cas asked, eager to continue. Dean just laughed, gently resting his forehead against Cas' shoulder.
Yeah, he could get used to this. They were finally together and happy. He just needed to get noise cancelling headphones now.
“listen man, if you’re fishing for pity I sure as hell ain’t giving it.” Dean snarked, flinching slightly at the maniacal laugh the guy gave off. “Pity? I don’t want your fucking pity. I just want to explain why I’m doing what I’m doing. You know, give a little backstory.” He replied, walking closer to straddle Dean's hips much to the hunter's distain. “See, you know what I found out? I love pain. I love holding someone else’s life in my hands, to see their fear, hear them beg. It’s like ecstasy.” He bit his lip, looking up and down Dean's body with an expression that made his blood run cold. “So, what? You thought you’d just carry on what the demon started? Kidnapping innocent people? Torturing them for fun?” Dean asked with obvious disgust, tensing at any movement the guy made since it rubbed directly against his crotch. “And those other hunters? What, you had your demonic pal taken away so you looked out for revenge?” He questioned, clutching at the arms of the chair as the guy smiled. “Not exactly. I was pissed about that, don’t get me wrong, but it’s not why I choose those hunters. It’s because they were strong, tough. I liked the challenge of breaking them. Like I’m going to do with you.” He replied, lightly trailing the edge of the knife down his chest. Dean smirked, challenging the threat with false confidence.
"Oh? I guess it was just boring for him then." Gabriel replied with a shrug, sitting back as he put the lollipop back in his mouth. Dean frowned at his turn of phrase, starting to feel a pit form in his stomach. "...What do you mean by that?"
2 days later
Dean awoke to the sound of crickets, and the smell of rotting wood. His body ached, twinging in pain as a light breeze passed by him. His eyes slowly adjusted to the light, a stream of warm peaking through the cracks of wood boarding up the room’s window. He groaned as he tested his strength, sitting up to look around. “What the—” He first noticed the fact that he had no clothes on, explaining the coldness down below. Great. Dean frowned as he got up, covering his modesty as best he could as he cautiously explored his surroundings. The house seemed old, abandoned looking. The walls were falling apart, the room a complete mess of junk and stained furniture. Probably a storage room. He quickly wished for something to protect his feet when he narrowly missed stepping on a broken nail, making a sound of disgust at how filthy the floor was. Of course not the most pressing issue, but it didn’t help matters nonetheless. “Where the fuck am I?” He asked himself, looking between the planks of wood at the field of wheat, a dark forest surrounding both sides. The last thing he remembered was working a case with Sam and Cas. Multiple people, male and female in their mid 30s had gone missing without a trace in the last few weeks, including two hunters. He’d been investigating the place the last guy went missing when he felt a sharp pain in his neck and a strong body catching his fall as he felt unconscious. Now he was here, unarmed and exposed in an unfamiliar environment.
Castiel let out a small sigh of relief. So Dean really did feel the same way. Does that mean they have a future together then?
Cas snorted. “How romantic.”
“’M pretty sure I feel the same way.” He replied shyly, heart fluttering at the expression Cas gave him. He nuzzled back against his neck, pressing a little kiss there before closing his eyes. “Night, Cas.”
inside him, squirming furiously and causing his cock to twitch. Gabriel got up and smirked knowingly at the hunter, causing him to blush deeply. "Tell Cassie to have fun, won't you?" He said playfully before walking out the kitchen, leaving Dean alone. Well, not
16 hours ago
like himself. Cas had been a godsend (pun not intended) in helping him through it. And he’d been more then willing to wait for them to go any further then innocent kissing, giving Dean all the time he needed to feel comfortable enough for sex again. The day came one evening after they’d got back from a hunt and had finished unpacking their stuff in their joint room. Dean had been thinking about it a lot lately, and he was pretty sure he was ready. He didn't want to wait anymore. “Are you sure about this?” Cas asked gently. Dean nodded a little, pulling him into a kiss. “Yeah, I’m sure. I want this.” He replied, holding Cas' hand as he lead him to the bed.
Dean softened his gaze and smiled a little, hesitantly pressing a kiss to Cas' cheek. “That works for me.” He replied, smiling wider at the blush that started to colour Cas' cheeks.
He tilted his head a little when Dean murmured his name, seemingly dreaming about him. Perhaps it wouldn’t hurt to check inside his dream. You know, to make sure it really was a good one. Not because he was simply curious. He placed his fingers against Dean's forehead and closed his eyes, opening them again to a forest. He looked around, squinting at the two zombies that moaned their way past him. So Dean was dreaming about fighting the undead? He turned his head when he heard laughing, narrowing his eyes at the sight. There was Dean, looking quite unruly. He was covered in dirt and blood, not unlike how he looked in purgatory, and was wearing a holster and weapons belt to hold his gun and knives. He was wielding a bloody machete, looking quite happy despite his dishevelled state.
Castiel wasn’t sure what to make of that, but he didn’t dwell on it. Instead he just enjoyed the moment they had together, and the peaceful sounds of nature around them. There didn’t seem to be any more undead around, it was just the two of them.
“Stop talking. More kissing.” Castiel ordered, pressing his lips down Dean' throat as he explored his body with his hands.
Castiel waited until Dean was alone to make himself known. He couldn’t help himself, he could have easily just left the hunter to it, he was obviously enjoying the dream. He wanted to talk with him though. Hang out with him as the dream Cas had.
After a moment of mulling it over he sat back in bed properly and carefully started taking off those tiny clothes to reveal the small, vulnerable body underneath. It was a little fiddly but he eventually managed to get them all off, pausing for but a second before he removed the boxers along with everything else. Dean licked his licked as he looked down at the tiny body in his hand, bringing Cas up to his face as he trailed an innocent finger down his front.
Dean replied with a sceptical ‘uh-huh', making Cas blush slightly at having his intentions questioned. “So you weren’t creeping on me while I slept?” Dean asked playfully, a knowing glint in his eye. It was something they had stopped talking about but both knew it happened. Cas found comfort in watching over Dean sleep despite the hunter's insistence that it was creepy. He’d eventually just accepted it when Cas didn’t stop, which the angel was grateful for.
Cas smiled a little in amusement, though he was flattered. “And why was I shirtless? A bit impractical, don’t you think?”
Castiel shook his head a little. “Of course not.”
Eventually Dean wanted to try something else with Cas, and although it was difficult to stop and control himself the thought of what he was about to do was worth it. He peeled Cas off and set him down on the bed, opening the drawer in his nightstand to grab out his bottle of lube. He didn't hesitate to pour some on his fingers, bringing them down past his crotch and up. Cas' eyes would've widened if they could when he realized what Dean was doing, definitely
“I hope it does, ‘cause...
Dean was left a few hours before Derek came back for round two, gagging him this time. It wasn’t as painful since he was left stretched from the butt plug, but that didn’t mean it was any better or less traumatizing. Another picture was taken of him after, making him feel sick to his stomach. Derek took out the gag and thrust a vibrator deep in his ass. “You fucking bastard.” Dean growled, whimpering as it was turned on. “Have fun, sweetheart. I’ll be back in a bit.” Dic said, before leaving the hunter there again. “No, wait! Don’t fucking leave me like this!” Dean called, groaning quietly. The constant vibration soon got him hard and aching against his will, holding it off as long as he could before he was once again coming all over himself. The vibrations didn’t stop, soon making him hypersensitive and overstimulated. He came once more before he resorted to begging, looking up at the camera set up in the corner of the room. “Come on, turn it off, please!” He groaned. Nothing happened, he wasn’t freed from the torture. Not yet, at least.
Castiel considered it a moment before smiling and grabbing them off Dean. He clipped the cuffs around Dean’s wrist before attaching the other side to his own wrist and throwing the key across the room.
“Well, that makes things harder.” Cas stated dryly, pissing Dean off more. “You think?” He replied in annoyance, giving his wrist a slight yank and groaning again. “lets get some pants on and find the damn keys.” He said, silently asking Cas to come his way with a head nod and waiting for him to scoot closer before he tried to stand again.
to him, and he could do little more then just stare up as he was inspected and looked over as a mere object. When Gabriel had shrunken him down to be a plaything as a prank he was furious, cursing him loudly in his head, praying at the archangel to turn him back. That anger eventually turned to fear when he was left alone for an inordinate amount of time on Dean's bed though, unable to move a muscle and just wait for his friend to find him. Dean wouldn't
Dean felt himself go pale, heart thumping faster as he considered Gabriel's words. "W-What?" He was completely serious, wasn't he? It was actually Cas he had in his ass right now.
For Cas the view of Dean stripping before him was great, and the sense of power he felt was intoxicating. It was like he was in his true angelic form, towering over the tiny man he'd been in love with for years. With a flick of his hand he got rid of his own clothes and Dean's small ones on the bed effortlessly, now that he could use his grace again. He trailed a hand down stroke his erect cock, feeling it twitch with arousal. Dean took a few slow steps forward, feeling the ground shake already just from the small movement Cas was making. The angel was overwhelmingly huge up close, and the harsh sound of skin on skin filled his space. Cas moved his hand away and gave Dean an encouraging expression, biting his lip when the hunter experimentally climbed his balls and stroked his hard cock. The touches were like teasing fingertips, making him moan softly and spread his legs a little wider. The movement had Dean grabbing his cock to not fall off, getting Cas more aroused the way his feet sunk down against the sagging skin and how his upper body pressed against his pulsing member. Dean continued to run his hand up and down it for a while, humping and licking the giant cock. He knew what Cas wanted of him, maybe as well get it over with. It felt pretty great for him too, actually, but it wasn't enough for Cas. The angel soon moved his hand back down to lightly wrap around Dean and his cock, stroking them together with a louder moan.
“No, we don’t. Care to enlighten us?” Dean asked with a scowl, finally getting his younger brother to stop with the teasing.
“Alright, that’s enough of that. Cas?” Sam interrupted, giving his friend a nod.
When they did eventually pull away it was only by a few inches, looking at each other with the same kind of conflicted, surprised and confused expressions. They both wanted to keep going, only hesitating a bit in their drunken states. They each had small, nagging worries in the back of their heads about the implications of crossing this line, but right now who cared? It felt so good. They each closed the distance between them, both much more eager this time. They found themselves sitting closer and cautiously touching more, feeling as though there were sparks of electricity passing between them. Dean cupped Cas' cheek gently and Cas slid a hand around Dean's waist, clutching at his shirt.
“Yeah.”
"It's okay, Dean, I forgive you. Besides, after these 24 hours we'll be even." Castiel replied, heart thumping in anticipation. He wouldn't hurt the tiny man of course, he'll be really careful with him, but he felt like he deserved to get something out of this too. Dean, though, thought differently. He was suddenly really anxious about what Cas was going to do with him, but strangely not too freaked out at the same time. Aroused, even? No matter his thoughts he has no control over what was going to happen. He was too small, too weak. A mere toy. Castiel brought him into his own room, shutting the door behind them and setting him down on the bed between his legs. Everything part of the angel was
Something caught Cas' eye and made him pause before he went any further, though. Dean looked to see what is was and felt his cheeks flush deep red, looking up at Cas' face. “Don’t look at them. I don’t want you to see them.” He whimpered. Cas blinked a couple times before looking back at Dean. All those photos of what happened...it must have been awful. There were more then before, a few taken from the security photos as well as the ones from the camera. “I-I'm sorry, Dean.” Cas said quietly, glancing over at the stairs. “It's okay, it's over now. We’re taking you home.” He added gently, carrying Dean out of the house and towards the impala. He helped him into the back to lie down, getting in with him so he could hold Dean's head in his lap. The elder hunter stayed quiet, not complaining over the intimate way they were seated. He was too tired to get bothered by it, it was soothing and that was all that mattered. He just closed his eyes as they waited for Sam.
out of Dean and he is so calm and self-assured.
“I do not like keeping secrets from Dean.”
“There aren’t any ghosts,” Mary answers quietly.
"Good times," Dean says, looking at Cas.
Nothing he came up with changed anything. There was really one, and only one answer that fits. He cursed his grey matter for latching on to this. For playing with it like a riddle that he had to solve. For not being able to let it go like everyone else seems to have.
"Sammy, Sammy, hey Sam…talk to me??" Dean gently asks, Sam starts to blink.
As Sam watched that ethereal chain, not antennae- he'd been noticing in more detail over the last few hours- around Cas' spectral form got yanked tight. And that same look of fear crossed the angel's features- before he suddenly went slack and popped out of existence. He thought he heard Cas cry out for Dean, but he wasn't sure. Then it got
Debated on whether to post this or add more- figured I'd keep moving so I don't lose momentum again so here is a shorter chapter but it's something right? Thanks for sticking with it!
“Does he even know? Or are lying to him too?” John demands as he glares from Cas to Dean.
“Oh honey, it’s just the suit, I’m sure of it!” Mary smiles at Dean and she is having a hard time keeping the giggles at bay.  She had gone dressed in casual clothes just wanting to blend in while Dean had done the usual FBI schtick.
“Arch Angel?
Turns out John thought Cas was short for
They look over his shoulders at Crowley who shrugs. “I pulled a few strings, got him a furlough from his cloud. Thought he’d wanna see this.”  Crowley turns back to face a confused looking Jody and smiling Cas.
got the kid to sleep only to have some thoughtless asshole honk his horn outside, or the neighbor yell at his wife, or a dog barking.
"I've never met an Angel before. I've gotta be honest; I am a little nervous."
“Ok, what’s up friend? You have me a little worried over here.” She pins him with her gaze and stirs in more sugar. When he fails to make some comment about that she knows somethings’ up.
Dean gets the feeling that he’s been sleeping for a while. His limbs feel dead, and when he wiggles his toes, they send thousands of tingling sensations up and down his legs. His stomach feels hollow, and his bladder is bursting.
A tear starts rolling from Cas’ suddenly wet eyes and he looks rapturous. He looks at Dean like he just hung the moon, which is ridiculous cause Cas probably knows who did. He looks stunned. Like he suddenly understands everything and that it’s all beautiful. Cas reaches his hand up and cups Deans cheek in his soft palm. It's only then that Dean realizes that he has tears streaming down his own face.
"What does that mean?" Castiel has been with the Winchesters long enough for the idea of fate to make his hair stand on edge.
“So, Dean and Cas didn’t respond at all when you knocked?” Eileen signs.
“Cas loves you.” Sam blurts out and he isn’t sure if it’s a question or statement.
“Boys!” Mary gasps as the waitress lays down the bill looking a little taken aback by the conversation. She looks over at Mary clearly not sure how she fits in with the group of men but smiling at her in a friendly way. She turns her attention back to Dean who is avoiding eye contact with her at all costs. She frowns as she turns to leave, regretting leaving her phone number on the receipt.
in his voice that Dean swallows hard.
Ellie smiles at him then Cas, "And somebody's gonna man the grill," she says, sauntering off.
He's tugging Cas along by their clasped hands and as they pass Jack’s room they notice he’s already up. Suddenly Dean is filled with apprehension.
“Okay. Yeah, I mean same here. It’s like we got drunk on ghost or something. Lost our inhibitions for a bit?” Dean expounds in his usual elegance, feeling relieved to hear Cas say it.
He was having serious doubts that this plan was a good idea.
"It worked, though, right? I mean, he's not chained anymore?" Dean's voice sounds near panic- some of his control slipping, and Sam's impressed. He's privy to the utter turmoil that Dean is feeling in this moment, and the fact that he can sound so near calm is beyond what Sam thinks himself to be capable of.
Kevin:
"You can call me Missouri, you ain't a baby no more." She scolds, taking her own cup and sipping on the tea.
"You're his anchor to this world. He views all of humanity through you, Dean. If she managed to sever the connection you share, he'd be impressionable again. If she made him sever it- it would break him. He'd seek out orders. It's his most base instinct." Sam thinks he understands so much more now. Naomi is incredibly smart and insightful.
Kevin could tell when Dean didn’t want to talk about something- and he really didn’t want to pry into their relationship. He had let Dean know that he knew and was okay with it. He was satisfied.
Claire groans loudly and Crowley wolf whistles while everyone else breaks out into a happy cheer.
"And you couldn't – I don't know- Angel your way out?" Bobby senses a touchy subject and changes tactics addressing Cas instead.
I have a very clear idea of what this story is going to be. And it's huge and a little terrifying. But I promise this story will get finished. It might take a while tho so if you want to wait till its complete to read- I totally get it.
The spirit flung Sam clear across the plot, and he landed with a hard thud against a particularly extravagant headstone. As he was struggling to get his legs under himself again, he looked up in time to see the spirit choking Dean with his pale dead hands. Sam yelled at Cas to help him, and then something
Dean bi? Or is he gay…. cause I could argue semantics with that!” Kevin added after mulling the news over.
"You didn't run?" Dean asks when she is done.
Sam swallows down a ball of anguish. He finds himself wondering, “What if?”
God, Dean doesn’t deserve this man.
His sleep is interrupted, and he's no longer surprised to see the Guardian when he looks to his right.
it- thank you very much.
Dean slaps at his hand, gulps down his food so he can talk, "Hey Samantha, if you want people food-get your own!"
That had been yesterday and so far, it’s mostly just been
“Whatever. We leave in 5.” Dean barks as he leaves the kitchen to go grab the duffle that he still hasn’t unpacked from their last hunt. He tries not to think about anything that went down. He is pretty sure killing his mother after God’s sister brought her back to life would get him in trouble.
His mother defying her parents and running away with John.
He tells the story of how Dean had once bought Cas a replacement tie. How he had watched as some woman flirted with Cas and played with the tie- and Dean almost exploded in jealousy.  How he had to witness his brother pulling Cas in- using said tie- for their first kiss. How he had come back to the hotel one day to see that tie hanging off the door knob. How he had caught Dean wearing the tie and got him to fess up that they were living together. And now here he was having just witnessed his brother marrying Cas who was wearing that same tie. He joked about it maybe being cursed and asked if he could borrow it to try his theory.
The action of knocking pushed the door open revealing that there is no one inside. He needs to calm his frazzled nerves. He can’t pinpoint exactly what he is feeling but its’ deeply unsettling. He walks over to the sink and runs the cold water taking in his reflection. He takes a deep breath and splashes some water on his face, feeling some clarity return to his muddled thoughts. Just as he is about to reach for the towel to dry his hands he hears splashing coming from the claw foot tub. He turns and regards the drawn shower curtain and heads over cautiously. It turns to frantic splashing and banging- it sounds like someone is drowning?
Ms. Holt gets a dark look about her and a small frown forms between her brows.
of Cas down his throat. He spent a lot of time practicing this move and Cas never fails to appreciate his determination.
Its agonizingly delicious to feel the fluttering in his muscles clench around him as if to draw him over the edge with a physical pull. They move together one more time before the pleasure crashes down over them and Cas bites down at the base of Deans neck. Dean screams out what sounds like Cas’ name in an abstract way and bites down on Cas’ neck in turn.
But he squashed that shit down cause Cas was his, and he was Cas’. Sure, they hadn’t talked about being exclusive. Or anything really... that had been happening between them for the last few weeks.
They settle around the Formica dinner set, and Dean starts in on his burger with extra bacon and cheese, and the wave of
“Lustra,” Castiel says, “That is Latin for wash or cleanse.”
“Haven’t seen you around before, you new?” She asks.
“Well then I guess I now pronounce…” Jody is cut off with a loud “A-a-ah! You forgot the part about if anyone should know of any reason these two should not be wed..” Crowley sing songs while wagging his finger at them from where he suddenly appeared in the room.
“Nathaniel says, yes. But if it were split, then a secondary line with some of the potential would have splintered off through the other son.” Cas adds.
“Wha…huh…Dean?” Sam couldn’t get his tongue to make words, his mind was reeling.
Dean snorts loudly in obvious disagreement, and Castiel lowers his gaze feeling conflicted as he often does. His very nature does not allow for him to doubt- but since he met Dean, he has done so more and more and now is convinced that God has forsaken them. From time to time, his hardwired programming will kick in and make him say things like that.
He leans over and turns on the sandwich grill so it can warm up– yes, he’s making
Which is a good thing ‘cause Dean would break his nose if he
“That’s it! People were kind of acting weird at the party all night…sexually.” Mary recovers trying not to blush as she remembers her own impromptu make-out session.
. I mean I cared about people before, Lisa and Ben. But it was different. It was almost like a job. Like I did it because it was the right thing to do, I went through the motions with them. I did love them. I would have done anything for them- but I dunno. It was never like what we have.” He smiles softly and takes a moment to rub his palm along Cas’ cheek in a reverent sort of gesture.
“Mmmm” Dean sighs happily as he takes his first sip, collapsing in the chair across from his brother.
Cas carefully peels the paper off and looks to Dean before he lifts the lid.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
He has a million new questions.
, the lines highlighted his lean muscular body and his hair was just as messy as always- he was gorgeous. Dean ran his hand over his mouth and did one last sweep over the creature in front of him. His eye caught on
He always knew Dean had feelings for the guy, he suspected he loved him even. He wasn’t sure if it was just an emotional connection- cause of their “profound bond” as Cas put it- or if it was sexual too. That day it confirmed the last doubts he had about that. Dean was smitten with the Angel. He just never figured anything would come of it. Dean never thought he deserved anything good and Cas was the ultimate
“Ok, well whatever. Just go easier on Mom ok. And stop using Cas as an emotional punching bag. The guys’ had a rough go of it.” Sam says standing and walking over to the door.
hard.
Sam spends a few more hours pouring over his research. He's running down the theory that the cord is symbolic of Yuè Lǎo the Chinese god. Legend has it that Yuè would tie a red string around the ankles of couples fated to marry or in earlier translations -people who were destined to meet for an important reason. The legend is obscure, and each book has a different take on it. Some surrounding cultures have their own versions of it; Koreans tell of the string being around their wrists, for example. Sam decided to follow the Chinese one down since it dates back the furthest, and the particular cord he is interested in is around ankles. His brothers and his best friends' ankles.
He flopped down on the lumpy bed and opened the book to the spell. He scanned the text looking for any kind of legend or reference to deciphering symbols. Sam had been studying the dark arts and lore for more years than he cared to think about. He had a pretty good idea what chains would represent- he just wanted to make sure that this spell didn’t come with a key of its own.
called forth through the aether for the seditious creature known as
In the Impala, he tries desperately to keep his cool.
"I can't say. I would have to read them. I'm just telling you what I'm getting from you. So, what are we still doing here- you going to invite me to the secret clubhouse or what?"
“Profound bond”. But something in Dean’s eyes speaks of a deeper truth. Something Sam hadn’t noticed before, something he can’t name. It’s primal. Raw. And he suddenly feels a little uncomfortable.
“Your pen pal?” Sam nodded at the phone.
Cas completely ignores Dean’s confusion and pulls his shoulder back squaring off to John.
Dean is in full on rage mode, ready to storm the castle with guns blazing and Sam is trying to calm him down before he does something reckless.
Satan had crypts all over and apparently, and he was quite the hoarder.
“Yeah- I guess you’ll meet them at breakfast tomorrow” and there's an edge under the calm reply that makes John frown.
Sam feels his skin break out in a cold sweat. This was not about Benny. Or the tablets. This was about the red cord—the one tying Dean and Cas together.
” attacks in Wichita. Their first destination would be the local Sheriffs’’ so they agreed to suit up for the 3-hour drive.
“You’re right. They were extra horny, playing spin the bottle – “ he arches his brows remembering that all too well- “making out, I felt something, like pheromones or something.” He finishes lamely.
“Wow Dean,” Sam says clearing his throat and frowning at the display across the table. “that’s some pie huh? But seriously your little brother and mother really don’t need to hear you making those sounds.”
“Cas died more than once too?” John asks feeling incredulous.
Cas gives a small affirmative nod. And looks into Dean’s eyes again, daring him to say something.
"Ajay. Need to talk to you for a sec." Dean says, getting down to business.
“Dean, stop. I do not wish to hear it. I agree Sam does not need to know. Now I wish to sleep it has been a trying day.” And with that, he gets under his covers and turns off his light.
“Yeah I guess- but don’t tell anyone” she pretends to be ashamed as she flings her arms around him and he wraps her in his. He feels like Dad
He can feel his own blood running down his chest where Dean had left his claim. They are gasping for breath and floating in a haze of chemicals as their nerves try to reclaim their own spendings from between synapses. He collapses on his husband and they just rest for a while. Unaware of time passing.
He slumps his shoulders. “I know you probably won’t believe me, but I never wanted you boys to stay in this life. I always hoped we would go back to normal after we got the son of a bitch. That you’d go to school, that Dean would find a girl. That we could walk away.”
- who thinks an actual Angel of the Lord isn’t good enough for their kid. Probably couldn’t have picked anyone better from what I hear.” John nods at his son who seems to be struggling to keep his tears back- one rolls down his cheek.
His grandparents meeting at a state fair.
Cas screamed his name as he came shooting down Dean’s throat and shaking all over. Dean let his spent cock slip from his mouth and looked at Cas’ blissed out face. His eyes were wild, his chest heaving and his hair as messy as ever. And those perfect cupid’s bow lips were parted in awe as he stared back at Dean. “God, I love you so much Cas.” Dean said, his voice low and raspy.
(See the end of the chapter for
“DEAN!!!!” he moans out fighting the urge to push all the way inside.
“I’m gonna use the little girl's room before we hit the road.” Mary excuses herself and hurries in the direction of the restrooms.
"Your age has ended. It is time for you to return to the well for your slumber." The angel, Sam, is sure, commands, and points a flaming sword at the creature. The creature scurries away with a lasting deafening wail that has Sam clutching at his ears.
“No, not exactly.” Sam shuts the heavy leather-bound copy of “Yuè Xià Lǎorén” and clears his throat. “You’re right, Cas, we need to talk. What do you want to know?”
“Jesus!” She blurts out and earns them a scowl from the worker behind the counter. Midwest, she reminds herself and lowers her voice. “What the fuck Winchester? Did you mean it or was it a
"Sorry. Um, I found something on the tablet, uh, about Hellhounds, Missouri helped. Uh, this mean anything to you – "the dire creatures may be seen only by the damned or through an object scorched with holy fire"? Kevin asks, sounding tired.
“The spell you cast on me in the woods? I thought that was a cleansing spell.” Cas sounds like he is trying to make sense of his ridiculous charges and all the trouble they manage to get into.
"What, oh, okay. Embarrassing," She says, stepping away, "I did not pick up on that."
“Holy shit Batman. I never thought I would get to see you
“Took ‘em long enough!” Dean replies wrapping his arm around Cas’ waist.
"No! Look whatever gets your motor going – as long as its between consenting adults- but their whole master-pet thing on top of different species thing. It gave me the heebies. I mean, the power dynamic is all whacked, and she's a dog, Sam!"
(See the end of the chapter for
"I know, Dean…look what's done is done. Let's focus on what we need to do now." Sam tries again.
Sam was watching the action on a whole other frequency, though. Meg's black aura had tried to reach for Cas, but his grace had receded into him, so thoroughly, it was hardly visible. And Dean- his aura was having what could only be described as a storm. Swirling rapidly and with dark, angry colors as he took in the kiss. His emotions rolling out in waves of disgust and anger. The red chord flaring in tandem. Sam briefly wondered if he looked like that when he watched Sam and Ruby interact.
Dean feels the wrath swelling in his chest. The years of self-loathing, of doubt,
, he thinks he can live with that word. Yeah, they’d be
And it tied them to each other.
"What do you mean? We told you." Sam tries desperately -if he tries hard enough, maybe Cas will let it be.
. He just felt like it was private but apparently, the world would someday like to read about its saviors or whatever. So, Kevin had to write it down.
Dean feels his skin break out with a cold sweat. He is filled with a sudden sense of dread- he texted Cas? He reaches into the robes’ pocket for his phone and scrolls till he finds his history.
could take you out- all part of the Prophet package.” Gabriel says smirking at him.
Remembering the girl from the party that she had called 911 for Mary finishes: “So you'd cut it off.”
“Any idea how much time we are talking about?” Sam shoots his mother a questioning look, she did this once before a long time ago and it would be nice to have an idea of what to expect.
"How will people know to send my mail here?" He asks, raising an eyebrow at Dean.
“But you "
“Mom you in?” Sam asks using his best puppy dog eyes.
"No, my wife is. Her family owns the place. I'm just one of those, uh – what you call 'em…" he pats his portly belly- "trophy husbands," he laughs.
Dean and Cas buy some acres a few miles down a winding dirt road. They build a cabin with their own sweat and blood- cause Cas hits his tumb more than the nails.
He felt like he was having a mental break or that he ate some special mushrooms- like that one time in high school when he accidentally did just that. When he spent the whole night talking to a mermaid in the bathtub that turned out to be a koi fish in a pond in the back yard of some doctor's house. The man had called the cops and Sam had to run- if John ever found out he had let his guard down like that, there would have been hell to pay.
He’s drying his hands on the legs of his sleep pants as he makes his way as quietly as he can towards the kitchen. He is extra careful not to wake the boy, Jack. He remembers
They stumbled backwards towards the Impala losing more and more clothing with each step. Dean laid Cas down on the back seat and had to take a deep breath when he looked him over. He had dreamed about getting Cas on the back seat of his baby about a million times but this was way hotter than any of his fantasies.
He needed to tighten the screws on the legs of the table- its pretty wobbly after he landed on it. He hauls his tool box to the floor and eases down himself. He hates days like this- when he feels his age, its only with
“So you could stop me? Come on, man- if there is something worth dying for-, this is it!” Dean says, putting his cup down. “Slamming the gates of Hell- I mean, that’s a game-changer. That’s making a difference! Helping people.”
"And?" Dean prompts, sounding just as eager as Sam feels.
Okay, that was
“I raised you better than this! “John spits at Dean. The vein in his forehead visibly throbbing.
Cas just looks at him with his head tilted and a look that says he really doesn’t know what Sam means.
There on a ratty couch was the older Winchester who still looked the same as when she saw him last, a few new lines around his eyes and his mouth- but unmistakable. And his head was leaning into the shoulder of the brightest being she had ever laid eyes on, both physically and psychically. She couldn't suppress the gasp that accompanied her surprise. The angel- for surely that is what he is- looked right at her and cocked his head in a clear question. She could feel his power probing at her mind, reading her for a threat. She let her defenses down- sure that they were useless against him.
So things get a little steamier in this chapter- its gonna get hotter later...
Following the bread crumbs.
“The Winchester Gospels. They were a series of super cheesy paperback novels with
Bobby peers around the boys and spots Jody, Cas and a blonde girl he doesn’t recognize standing in front of the small group of guests. “Jody?!? You’re marrying
“My whole life I thought I was just supposed to take care of Sam. That I was never cut out for all this Nicholas Sparks stuff. After Hell- heck I wasn’t sure I still had a heart. Seeing you in that barn. God, Cas- you were magnificent. You scared the shit out of me. And only partly cause you were a friggin’ Angel. The other part was how hot thought you were. That was the real shocker. Hell, my dick fell in lust with you at first sight. And you were a
"Now we make a hex bag, and you start running. If Crowley can't find you, then he won't be able to sic another mutt on you." Dean says confidently.
“Hey, Cas- I thought we agreed that you’d stop doing that unless he stops breathing again” his voice is raspy from disuse.
"Guys, I think I found something," Kevin says, plopping down a book between Dean and Sam.
“Sam, you feel like filling them in? That drive took it out of me. I need to take a leak, have some serious quality time with my memory foam, and some coffee made by Cas. Not necessarily in that order.” Cas makes strong coffee.
He feels a soothing hand on his shoulder, the cool burn of grace submerges his frantic mind and calms it. Easing him out of the storm, that is Cas.  He starts breathing steady and slow. His eyes flit open, and he stares into the blue depths of the utterly unfathomable creature.
The crossroad demon tells them what they needed to know, and they dispatch him before the sun is even fully over the horizon.
“What?” Kevin gasped eyebrows raised and eyes going wide “As in
"I require a goat." The woman answers, sounding sure and confident as she looks the man in the eyes. Her fingers delicately cover his on her arm.
“Cas, can’t you heal him?” Sam asks, desperation making his voice crack.
They pull up to a huge, abandoned warehouse, the place is crawling with mooks, and they start cutting thru them stealthily.  Sam notices that the demons all have a black cloud around them- almost like when they smoke out -but it makes a kind of bubble around them-
"Basically, God designed a series of tests, and when you've done all three, you can slam the gates." He finishes.
" I think you'll find the answer to that inside."
“I have to write about Dean and Sam and their hunts?” Kevin leans back against the sink, feeling like he needs to sit down. He is not a writer. Sure, he didn’t think he was a
person and not the bad ass hunter of all things that go bump in the night that you are.” Charlie squinted her questioning face at him. She did a little head tilt too- she had been spending too much time with Cas Dean decided and smiled at the thought.
Sam had found a tome supposedly written by a fallen angel who chronicled the Flood. Abner had mentioned that the Guardians had acted as intermediaries between God and the Old ones. He had not been able to figure out what came of that or who the Old ones were.
----------------------------------------------
“No, Father, he’s not. But he will be. He’s closing the gates of Hell.”
“So, the family tree is getting topped? Again- our problem, why?” Dean puts his feet up on the table, earning a disapproving glare from Kevin, who moves some books out of the way.
, me. It’s a done deal, I’m not gonna pretend I'm not on board. Cause god,
“Ok, ok- stop. You’re draining yourself. Come on, man, we gotta get back to the bunker. We can’t stay here.” Sam says, and he helps Cas lift Dean.
“He did not leave until much later,” Castiel replies slumping into his chair slightly. Dean’s aura reaches out towards the angel, and they do that merging thing that they sometimes do. It always makes Sam feel like he’s seeing something private though he isn’t sure it is. He hasn’t seen either of them reach out to Kevin like that, but it hardly surprises him. Kevin is family, but he is still new, and he keeps himself guarded, his aura is always tightly controlled and rarely extends past his skin more than a few millimeters. In fact, the only time it really moves is when his mother is near.
“Mornin’ Sam” John greets his son, who is dressed in running shorts and covered in a sheen of sweat.
"I'm ok. I'm ok." Is what Sam finally gets out.
"Or glasses," Missouri says over the line sounding exasperated with everyone.
. It’s not like they had a coming out party. They still act the same as always!”
His what? What are they to each other? He knows Cas loves him. He said so. He knows Cas kissed him back but does that mean what Dean wants it to mean? Was it just a reflex? Does Cas even care about physical stuff? He knows Cas had sex when he was human, but he’s all juiced up again. Does that change things? Why did he seem so angry? Was he just frustrated cause of the whole cockblocking Sam thing?
“Oh” is all Cas says as he watches Dean carefully.
“The opposite actually.” He flushes a deeper pink and she lifts her eyebrow at him questioningly.
"Don't we know it." He says, looking at her for any clue about what she knows or can see.
“Honestly- my whole-body hurts, I feel like I’m gonna puke, but I’m starved at the same time- and everything smells like rotten meat,” Dean says, trying to sound light despite the subject.
"Yes. That's why I need your help. It seems this is going to involve… talking to people," Cas sounds miserable again.
Cas walked over to Dean and helped him up from where he was still sprawled on the lawn coughing and wheezing. Sam was giving his full attention to Cas and his aura. The color was back to bright white-blue light and it was doing its usual straining towards Dean. The chain around him was restricting its movement and seemed to be holding Cas back from interacting with Dean.
She had teased them over the last few years, starting to call Cas Pop when she was in a light enough mood for such things. He had looked so spooked the first time she let it slip in front of him. She smiles remembering Dean breaking the tension with a lame joke about “dibs on the cool uncle then”.
He is suddenly sure what John’s
“What kind of occurrences?” Cas asks a little intrigue showing on his almost blank face.
relationship. Well, he knew Dean's family wasn't exactly traditional but...
could have walked in here- and seen this” he gestures wildly at Dean and Cas- who has yet to move. “You should be disgusted with yourself. I know I am!”
He made his way over to his notes with a travel mug with more caffeine than he ever dared to consume even during finals. He sat down and stared at his last few lines; he could feel he was close to something. He just knew it. He moved a post-it note from one spot to another and stared.
a woman-
Dean in a way another person would never be able to know his brother. Dean was guarded, stoic and closed off to most everybody. Sam has gotten a peek over his walls a hand full of times and he knows there are things he will never know about his brother. Dean doesn’t talk about things. He doesn’t believe he is worthy of love- Sam suspects that is part of what kept him away from Cas all this time. But Cas can see all of that – and more importantly, he can see
She also knows more about the tablets, then she has revealed thus far. Only stating that they hold immense power- over all the realms- and should be kept safe in Heaven.
Sam turns ready to kick the ass of the douche who dared touch his mother like that but the guy is being tackled by an extremely aggressive co-ed who is climbing into his lap despite his lack of participation.
“About?” is all Cas says before thumbing at the rim of his own glass.
“Why does that matter- if it was a mistake?” Dean counters.
Sam got the bathroom first in the mornings, mostly due to Dean not being an early riser. Dean got the bed furthest from the door, so Sam could go running in the morning and not disturb him. Sam got to use the car if he had a date. Dean was in charge of making the coffee cause he was just better at it.
"Urgh" comes a weak sound from one of the shower stalls, and Cas follows it. He finds Dean curled up on the floor, shivering and barely conscious. Cas bends down and scoops Dean into his arms, something he would never dare to do with an alert Winchester, and carries him swiftly back to his room.
"Dean isn't doing too hot, is he?" Sam asks as they meander back through the maze.
"Yes, it can mean that. It has many meanings depending on the context." He says, looking from Sam to Dean. "It can also mean marriage, or to yoke someone to something."
“You have got to be kidding?” Sam mumbled. He glanced back at the dive bar across the lot – no doubt where the flavor of the day had come from and resigned himself to a night of drinking.
He had called her over and over. She never answered.
to help them course-correct. And with that in mind, he started collecting intelligence.
They spend the rest of the night looking up rituals to break holds on people- hoping that Cas qualifies as enough of a person for the spells to work. They search through all of the books they can get their hands on. They make a brief call to Kevin for some translation work, and then they fall asleep for a few hours after the sun has already come out over the horizon. They have a half-formed plan that requires a few ingredients and a secure location by the time lunch rolls around.
"Look, you need to stay inside this circle, okay?"
is all there is. Just him and this man he gladly forsake paradise for. Just flesh and nerves and sweat and the build. He loves taking Dean apart. Having Dean do the same in return. He comes alive under his touch and
They pull into the bunker at just past two in the morning. Castiel popped into the back seat just outside of Omaha after checking on things upstairs. They’ve been quiet, each lost in thought.
______________________________________________________________________
Mary and Eileen are standing off to the side giving him space he suspects. They might have giggled at his reaction but he doesn’t care. He is going to require therapy after tonight. There are just some things you can’t
"That we can! Speaking of-I think I found us some schmucks. Demon signs ten years ago in Shoshone, Idaho. Big time mojo. Meet the Cassidy' s-small time farmers who struck oil a la Hillbillies style in '03. "
John showing up was bracing sure, but not the strangest thing to happen to them- not by a mile. He had popped into existence in the middle of the library after Dean held that enchanted pearl. He had really intended for his wish to free him from Michael, but apparently, he was
Everything else just
“To ties that bind” Sam raised his glass and they all cheered.
Cas is perched on the metal island in the middle of the industrial kitchen, beer gripped loosely in his right hand . He watches Dean as he lays all the ingredients out on the countertop. Cas always watches him when they do this. Sometimes he’ll help- mix the batter since his wrist don’t hurt after hunts like Dean’s does from time to time. Or he runs the fancy coffee machine if they decided not to go back to sleep after. But mostly he just watches- with that soft look on his face and keeps Dean company.
"Palm readers do not require a crystal ball," Cas' gruff voice says as he walks in heading right for the coffee pot to refill his cup. "Sam. Dean." He greets after taking a sip.
“Cas! Oh …fuck.” Dean pants fucking into his hand in earnest, his eyes screwed shut and mouth open.
“Hello, Dean. Let me” Cas’s eyes soften, and he reaches out, placing his open palm against Dean’s cheek, and he is flooded with that warm electric feeling of Grace flooding into him. His throat feels better instantly, and his bladder situation resolves. He’s still ravenous, and he can sense he’s not completely well. His body still aches, and he still breathes too hard.
He was hiding it from Sam; he didn't need the kid worrying about him. They had a job to get done, no sense worrying about a grunt. Sam's been getting splitting headaches with his visions, that now seem to come even when he's awake. Not a one of them has made any sense,
Oh god.
“What?” Sam asks seeing the gleam in his Mom’s eyes and
Cas is stoic. The definition of it, letting insults, compliments- hell even bullets and stab wounds roll of him like water off a duck.
Dean decides. It’s like he knows what Dean is thinking and he doesn’t make him say it. So, they drive along the highways for hours just holding hands and listening to John’s old cassettes. They stop for fuel and food making small talk and smiling at each other like besotted teenagers in a Rom-com. Dean would be embarrassed if he wasn’t so happy. And wow, is that a new feeling. His chest feels light and his mouth hurts from all the grinning but he can’t help himself. A waitress in Grand Junction brings them complimentary pie because she assumes they’re newlyweds. Dean just rolls with it and Cas gets this deep pink flush across his cheeks when Dean takes his hand and asks her “It’s that obvious huh?”
“Could be tricky. I’m calling on the communal spirits of a certain time and place” she says sounding apologetic.
This wasn’t like the purgatory souls either, this time Cas didn’t seem to have awareness of it- or if he did he was getting better at lying. He seemed scared and that alone was enough to get Sam terrified.
“You should get some rest. We have, much to do and you have not been taking care of yourself,” Castiel says, his voice low and comforting, there’s gentle admonition there, also fondness.
inch of the place. He is going to have to talk to Dean if this doesn’t blow over soon- it’s embarrassing to watch. It's not even the first time this has happened. Maybe its cause Mary was there to see this time?
In the middle of the
They agreed to disagree when they took the turn off the interstate towards the Cassidy Ranch.
"He just used you to get out Dean, why can't you see that?"
Across from his tent are others, pulled in a half-circle around a large fire pit. He can hear people talking, but he doesn't understand the language. It's rough and guttural but flows beautifully. He thinks it might be Arabic. The sun is high in the sky, and he is most certainly in a dessert. It must be at least a hundred and ten degrees; his brow is dripping sweat, and his back feels sticky already. He is grateful for the lack of pants.
“Thank you, Dean.” Mary walks over and joins her sons at the table. “Where’s Cas?” she wants to show them that she cares about the Angel and asking after him seems like a reasonable place to start. Dean clears his throat and shifts in his chair.
"This is Timnath or as they call it now Khirbet et-Tibbaneh. As for when- it is 1645 before the Christ child."
The drive to Idaho was pleasant; Dean loved being out on the road with his baby, and Cas was good company. They'd needed some time to talk, Cas had been through a lot with Naomi, and it was time they checked in with each other. They'd been talking more; it was a thing he'd been trying. Sam has been on him about "not bottling things up" for years, and he figured he'd give it a shot a few months ago.
“Yeah, we killed the werewolf and saved a girl. She gave me her phone number and Dad told me I was too young for that. I am confused. I call you on the phone all the time.” Jack looks up at Dean with that signature head tilt that he copies perfectly- and he tries not to die from the sweetness of it all.
“Hey Cas,” Sam says when he looks up from his research. He’s anxious to figure out this connection between the angel and his brother now that they have Naomi taken care of. He’s almost forgotten about Benny. The conversation he promised Cas -the one that he is no doubt about to have- reminded him.
"I'll get you some water," Dean says before pouring a glass from the pitcher by the small bar.
Sammy looks at him with his “are you okay” expression and Dean just shakes his head and hands him his precious craft beer. They bitch about the job, crack Crowley jokes and correct Cas when he says or does something “not human”.
Yeah, he wanted to have sex with Cas last night. God, he still does. He can’t remember a time before when he didn’t want to take a tumble in the sack with this man. But he isn’t just a man. He's his best friend and an angel. He was going to hell again.
"Exactly. They were appointed to keep us focused. They redirect those who stray, those who become distracted." Sam catches Castiel's eyes flitting to Dean as he says that. "There were few since there was hardly a regular need."
“Naomi” Castiel grounds out, and his light sharpens to a pure blinding white that forces Sam to look away. There is so much betrayal and anger in his voice that Sam briefly pities whoever they are before deciding that they deserved whatever Cas was planning when he remembers the spikes.
scratching at him from inside. It feels alien and too insistent. It feels like he's drowning and Cas is his only salvation. His hunter instincts demand that he stop and inspect it.
His emotions started boiling- the disappointment of Dean not intending this to mean something combined with Dean beating himself up over not protecting him was too much.
"Crowley" Dean growls and focuses his frustration on the King of Hell.
?” Sam mocked in fake astonishment before he could help himself, because Dean looked
“When did she die?” Mary asks she knows EMF isn’t always a hundred percent.
"Oh. I- she has been very kind to me." He stammers out. Just then, they hear the sounds of a fight coming from outside, and they start to run towards where they had left Dean and the demon.
“I believe we succeeded in mating.” Castiel mumbles from the crook of Deans neck where he is lazily kissing and sucking along the edge of his jaw.
"I wasn't born yesterday, son," Missouri says as soon as they are out of earshot. "I know you don't think he can handle knowing everything, and I was never planning on telling him. Not before I know what it all means. No sense in getting people worked up over something we don't understand yet. But you're wrong. He's rooted much deeper than you think."
"You have really gone and opened the flood gates now, haven't you? That spell was meant for civilians; you already had powers. Strong powers- you must be seeing the earth's magnetic field? I bet you about ready to lose your mind?" she asks with some concern.
Or was it
“What did you mean?” Sam gets out lamely.
“Did you not see the SOCK??” Dean growled at him.” Oh my god- you did remember to put the sock on the door, right?” Dean asked the person-shaped lump next to him.
He's halfway done making a massive stack of pancakes when a slightly ruffled looking Sam scurries in from the hallway. "Have you seen Cas?"
Cas makes a habit of touching Dean as much as he can during the day in an effort to send as much grace as he can through his damaged body. They all pretend not to notice.
Dean opens the door and reaches around the front while hiding his still
thing to do.
Please read
check one last time. He can feel his own climax building with each drag and thrust. He knows Dean is fast approaching the edge too and he needs to time this right.
"Hey, Dean, good news, uh, I think... kind of."
Fuck. Sam. This is all his fault! Talking to him about feelings and shit. That crap always bites him in the ass.
“Surprisingly okay. Dad seems different. He’s changed I think.” Dean answers, pulling away so he can look into those blue eyes he always loses himself in.
He reads the end of the story to himself.
“Mmmm Babe, you taste so good” he murmurs before sucking on the head.
“What’s up? You guys look like I interrupted something pretty intense. Did George RR Martin die?” Dean takes in the scene of his brother frowning and starting between Cas and him like one of them grew an extra head.
"Dean, it's him or me- I mean it- this can't happen again! I will leave!!!"
tell me that I’m a deviant!” Dean takes a step into John’s space snarling at him from inches away.
"That's what the Guardian told me, remember? We're not sure what it means yet. But she said I was the "last sentinel of the line." We're working on it." Sam hurries, they don't have time to get into this now. If the Cassidy's did sell their souls ten years ago, they were running out of time.
“You told him about me tying you up last week?” Cas inquired with a head tilt and slightly pink cheeks.
“What? “Sam asks and his face is scrunched up like it always is when he is working a problem.
"Yeah, you're telling me. I thought we were dealing with the Bible here- what do the pagans gotta do with it?" Dean feels uneasy, this thing gets bigger all the time, and the fact that they still have basically no idea what it is – is not good.
"What's wrong?"
He knew the spell had worked- he had watched as the chain had railed against it pulling so tight he had held his breath, not knowing which force would prevail. The chain had broken in a furious burst of black energy that had gone careening straight towards to crystal. He had barely had time to warn Dean.
“That sounds like crazy talk,” Ms. Holt says clearly taken aback by the line of questioning.
just tell her he was thinking about get hitched?
But there on the door was a plain black dress sock.
"Not really, I will let you know, though, or you might have to come visit me in a padded room after all," he tried to lighten the mood before hugging her goodbye.
Well for me they'll never do
"Yes," Cas says, still looking at his hands. Abruptly, he gets up and excuses himself, saying he'd investigate Sam's vision while they figure out where the demons are searching now. He never even makes eye contact.
He’s asleep before his body fully sinks into the memory foam.
"Sam, help me muss this crud… ": Dean starts sternly, and Sam senses anguish coming from his brother that takes him by surprise with its intensity.
. Take what he doesn’t deserve but what has been given to him regardless. He expected to feel at least a tingling of doubt, of questioning the wisdom of giving in to this. To overthink it at least in passing. For this leaves him vulnerable. This means if Cas ever does leave again- he won’t survive it. Not
(See the end of the chapter for
you know. It sorta got me thinking. I wanna ask Cas to marry me.” He finally gets out in a rush.
"That's great! We can slam the doors on both- be rid of all the dick bags for good?" Dean says, getting excited, he was completely willing to die slamming the hell gates -but if he got to slam both doors, that'd be something. He'd do something good for once. Be useful.
"Dean. Even if she manages to hide from Crowley- her soul is marked for Hell," Cas says, walking closer to Dean.
“DEAN!”
"Yeah, now we just have to figure out who has the juice to pull Cas' strings. Before it gets any worse." Sam is really sure he doesn't want to meet whoever is behind this kind of move.
"I'm good. I'm okay. "Cas helps him stand, and then he adds, "Let's go home."
“I’m his brother I get to-I wouldn’t recommend you try though. He can get testy.” Gabriel winked at him.
John Winchester was back. Back from the
“Dean?” Cas sounds every bit the confused angel they know, and it soothes something deep inside Sam. Cas doesn’t seem to have been changed by the severing. He lets out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding.
“The same. You spent time with him, right. Did he ever seem off to you? “
"What are you doing here? Is everything ok?"
Chuck Shurley” he used air quotes for the “former prophet” part that confused Kevin but not enough to ask.
– in a tangle of limbs.
mystery.
Castiel wakes up with a start. Gasping for air, he doesn’t require.  Sam had been dozing in the corner of the room, and Dean had fallen asleep in his chair, pulled up close to the bed.
Claire really expected to have a harder time with this. She still had moments when she wanted to just blame Castiel for
Bond!
“Angels?” Sam asks as he thinks about that chain around Cas.
“Geez Samantha you just can’t leave it alone huh?” Dean
the more distraught the father side of him became. He never wanted this for his boys. Never wanted to see them get stuck in the shadows, fighting for their lives every day and never settling down. Never finding love and starting families. Never putting down roots and carving out a place of their own.
"That does sound like my Father," Cas adds flatly.
She shoots a questioning look at Sam “Are they in there?”
“Not a ghost. An apparition.” Mary explains. She remembers working a case similar to this with her father and cousins back in the day. “I think we're dealing with a kind of Poltergeist, born out of intense adolescent emotional and sexual energy.”
"And? Did she help?" Sam asks, sitting up straighter in his chair, he had wanted to look for her too, but he had to stay to make sure Dean was doing okay.
Dean shoots up violently, sweat running down his back. His stomach roils and he takes a deep breath trying to stop the whiskey from making an encore appearance.
He had been disappointed to discover that he could not see anything around himself but suspected that if you needed this kind of magic for introspection – you might be beyond help.
"Yeah, real-life Hunger Games- without the romance," Dean replies, trying to make a joke.
“Urghmmh. Wha-…” Dean slowly comes to, he feels relaxed and warm but his neck hurts from sleeping funny. He slowly blinks his eyes open and realizes with a start that he is sprawled out all over Cas in the back seat of the Impala. His face was pressed into his neck and
It had been unbearably uncomfortable in the Impala after they had killed that witch.
He clears his throat and with a glance at the rearview to make sure they were still sleeping, he reaches for Cas’ hand across the seat. He laces their fingers together when he hears Cas gasp in surprise- the Angel briefly stiffens and then relaxes his fingers between Deans.
stuff happens, but you’re not supposed to meddle. Don’t you watch sci fi? Never ends well.” He says and takes a deep breath.
And then Dean asks, “Hey, shouldn’t it go away now? That’s what you said, right?”
"Well, here's to that crazy little wild card called love." He hands Sam his burger, "How did you know Artemis had the hots for Prometheus- is it the visions?"
“Are you guys serious? You want to crash a kegger?” Dean sounds exasperated.
happens at once.
“Oh, I’m studying to be a nurse. I could give you a checkup in one of the rooms upstairs if you know what I mean?” She all but plasters herself to his body and whispers the last part in his ear.
Hey, she is
Dean takes a shaky breath. He needs to say something.
Castiel takes in the look of sheer horror on Dean’s face as he stands there staring at him with wide eyes breathing heavily, looking for all the world like he was about to have a panic attack. It hurts. He was recently stabbed by the sword of Michael- and this hurts more than that. The way Dean is looking at him. Like
That was not possible.
"Usually, mostly. Depends on who you know, what palms get greased. If you're on the King of Hell's no-fly list, no way you cruise the friendly skies." the Reaper says, and it takes all of Dean's self-control to not lose his shit at this. What's the point of fighting, of losing everything if it all ends like that anyways?
“No. When you exorcise a demon, you’re just kicking it out of its meat suit. You have to cure the
. That shit took me years to figure out.”
He doesn't know what to say to that, so he nods and purses his lips. He picks up a cookie, so he doesn't have to say anything.
“God Cas you’re gorgeous you know that?” he said taking in the tan skin and toned muscles of his angel. “I wanna try something I’ve been thinking off for a while…that ok?” Dean asked Cas while sliding his boxer briefs off his slim hips. “I trust you Dean.” Cas said in that gravel voice that made Dean leak pre-come onto his own boxers.
Sam finds himself in the desert again. There is a light breeze, and he is in a town this time. He turns and notices the Guardian at his side. She nods at him. "You have more to see, Sentinel." And she points out a crowd heading their way. "There will be answers soon."
“Hey” Dean says as he leans against the table next to Sam watching his husband with a smile.
He forces his hips to still and the soft desperate sound of objection coming from Dean’s throat almost has him thrusting again. He leans his forehead against his husbands and catches his breath.
He has the window rolled down, and the Fall air is brisk, only refreshing him further. He focuses on breathing deeply and slowly feels the tension leak out of his shoulders for the first time since he got back from Texas. He hates himself for casting the stupid spell. It helped them save Cas, but the lingering effects are driving him mad. He’s not sure he can cope with the deluge of emotional and metaphysical information blasting him from every corner during his waking hours. Then only to face dreams filled with cryptic prophecy and intrigue. He’s almost past the point of caring about Benny – it all seems so insignificant now. He resents the urgency that underlies everything- he doesn’t even know what he’s worried about. “The line is ending” comes to him unbidden for the millionth time. He shakes his head and grips the wheel tighter.
At four, he gives up and goes to his room.
Firstly- I went to the Vegas con- super last minute - was my first convention and I'm so glad I went.
"Good point. I guess his status as half-fallen or something probably made him an easy target. Not like the guy hangs out with other Angels who might pick up on this." Sam is starting to work the problem now. "Do you think it's one of them, though? Why would they not just do the heavy lifting themselves- I mean, Cas isn't especially powerful, right?"
"I like the sound of his voice. It's very soothing," Cas was saying about Costner.
He has decided that it is simply Dean.
He’d recapped all the conversation he had with Mary, Sam, and Dean in his head now.
"Dean," Sam interjects, not missing a thing.
He is mixing batter when a young man he doesn’t know walks in. Something about him looks familiar but John can’t place it.
"Go back?" Meg niggles for more information.
“Glad to see you’re still alive” Sam says from over his laptop- a curt nod in the direction of the full pot makes Dean bite back his retort.
Capitol L.
“After all these years
“Five days today,” Cas says and looks down at their joined hands.
Dean works his hand into Cas’ boxer briefs and pulls out his obscenely hard cock. He leans forward under Cas’ guidance and licks at the slit – already wet with anticipation.
He senses the Guardian before he sees her, it's dark, the kind of dark that makes you doubt light ever existed.
As Dean tries to sleep later that night, he reflects on a few things. The fact that the trials are trying their damndest to kill him pisses him off. It's not like they are a walk in the park without the full system failure added to the mix. Sam and his whole psychic destiny weigh heavily on him too.
They walk up to the old house turned fraternity and pause looking at the large brownstone monstrosity. The place is three stories high and might have a basement too, the music is blaring some alternative indie rock that seems to be standard fare on campuses across the country. The lawn is covered in coeds in skimpy outfits and guys in polo shirts.
Cas watched for a moment the way Dean interacted with this Castiel, playfully bumping his arm as he joked with him. The dream version of himself seemed to have a more relaxed attitude to life, but the same distinct personality that made him him. He spoke with the same gravelly voice, and looked at Dean with the same fondness in his eyes.
"It is fair, isn't it? After what you put me through?" He asked, pupils dilated as he stared down at his tiny friend. Dean didn't argue, licking his lips before doing as he was told obediently. This wasn't where he thought this day would go, but he was about to technically have sex with Cas which he'd fantasised about doing for a long time. Putting aside everything it seemed clear that Cas actually felt the same way so he was happy to see where this went, even if he was still anxious at the same time.
Dean scowled a little, shoving his arm playfully. “What would you say?”
“Good talk. Now, can we agree to forget the embarrassing parts and just remember the fun bits from last night?” Dean asked. Cas nodded in agreement, thinking about the end of the night with a deeper blush. “It's a shame we were so drunk for our first time doing...you know. That.” He added a little sadly.
“Well...next time'll be nicer. Slower. If you want that, that is?” Dean asked gently.
They fell silent again before Cas worked up the courage to continue. “Do you...regret it?” He asked hesitantly. Dean finally glanced at Cas, shaking his head a little.
Sam cleared his throat for the sixth time that night after a few seconds of silence, getting Dean's attention.
He heard the rush of water when Dean got in the shower, whimpering internally when he felt his prison collapse more as an immense force pushed against him. Dean was simply trailing a hand down his stomach, absently feeling out the toy before he moved it down further to lazily jerk his cock. Those rhythmic spasms and clenches returned as Dean jerked off again, the hunter closing his eyes as he imagined how his toy looked stuffed deep inside him, being used and played with for his pleasure. Cas could barely take it a second time, the walls squeezing him harder and harder the closer Dean got to coming. He was glad when it was finally over and he could breath again. Dean sighed contently and got himself cleaned up, washing his hair and enjoying the reminder of his shower. He then turned the water off, getting himself dried and dressed ready for breakfast. The walk to the kitchen was a pleasant one, the feel of his toy inside him sending tingles throughout his body. He made himself some cereal, sitting down at the table with it along with a mug of coffee.
until now?” Dean paused a second before he answered. “Touché.” He took another moment to think about what just happened, still not quite believing his feelings were reciprocated. “So...if I’m understanding this correctly we’re both a couple of dumbasses who have had feelings for each other for years and never done anything about it for no other reason then...fear and doubt?” Dean asked, watching as Cas smiled and hesitantly kissed his cheek. “I think that’s about right.” He replied. Dean smiled and chuckled quietly, making the move this time and kissing his angel gently.
Dean looked up the giant expanse of Cas' chest, only able to see his stubble covered chin and nothing else past that. He yelled up again, trying to get his attention angrily. It was met with a calm response.
They both moaned as Cas pulled out again, getting into a slow rhythm. They quickly found the right pace, moving against each other in tandem. Dean grabbed Cas' hand to hold, lacing their fingers and leaning up to kiss him as he moved against him. It was electric, he felt so much pleasure and love and it only got better as they went on. Cas picked up the pace a little, moaning happily as he thrust and slipping into Enochian when he spoke. After a while of thrusting and touching and kissing they both started feeling close, building up the heat and pleasure until they both climaxed. Cas lied beside him once they were both done, holding him close as they caught their breaths. “That was great.” Cas said with a smile. Dean hummed in agreement, nuzzling at Cas' neck. “Thanks for being so understanding. I hope it was worth the wait.” He said, absently drawing patterns on Cas' stomach. “Definitely.” The angel replied, smiling against Dean's hair. “I love you.” He added softly. Dean smiled as well, never tiring of hearing that. “I love you too.”
Meanwhile Cas was desperately trying to get Dean's attention now that he could move again, trying his hardest to kick out the buttplug and move himself further towards the exit. He didn't realize how much he was stimulating the hunter though, perhaps if he hadn't of fought so hard he would have been taken out straight away, but as it was Dean was deeply aroused and did not want that pleasurably squirming to stop. So instead of taking him out he got himself undressed and got on the bed, jerking off vigorously with a twinge of shame and moaning loudly. The sounds reverberated through Cas once more, making him try harder and yell louder. That intense heat returned along with the rhythmic pulsing of the fleshy walls holding him prisoner, clamping down hard on him and squeezing him so tight he could barely breath. So when he felt the buttplug get removed from below him he was so relieved, figuring Dean was
Dean made a sound of surprise and immediately tried to turn his head away, making the guy roughly grab his chin and force him to endure the kiss. He let out a moan that made Dean struggle harder, breathing hard once he was finally released. “Oh yeah, we’re going to have so much fun. My name’s Derek. Dic for short.” He said, running his fingers down the side of Dean's face. Dean turned his head in disgust, no longer hiding the fact that he was freaked out and pissed. “Dic, huh? Fitting.” He growled, squirming in the seat. Derek once again smiled, licking a strip up Dean's neck. “Let me ask again. What’s your name?” He asked, no longer keeping his hands to himself. He was taking great pleasure in touching up the hunter. “Dean.” He begrudgingly answered, wishing the guy would torture him in a normal way instead of like this. He was starting to get really fucking scared about what was going to happen to him. “Well, Dean, I suggest you try and relax, or this’ll be harder on you then it has to be.” Derek said with a smile, finally getting off of him to start unbuckling his belt. Dean found himself breathing harder, trying and failing to keep calm. How could he be? He was strung up and exposed like some kind of sex toy, about to be fucked by a psychopath.
Cas heard that in his voice, hesitating a moment before replying playfully, “No promises.” He was pleased to see the grateful smile that played on Dean's lips.
“Dude, really? What about masturba’ing bein' a sin and all?”
"Well, I thought I'd shrink Cassie down for fun, he needs some sexual experience, you know? He can't stay a virgin forever. I figured you'd be happy to give him that experience given that 'profond bond' you two got going on."
"Look, I do feel bad for that, and for not telling you. It just felt so
The hunter rolled onto his back and stretched his arms above his head, giving his ass another squeeze against the toy inside it. He wondered if he should just keep it in there for the day, it did feel good. When he came to a decision he got out the buttplug he owned from the box under his bed to seal Cas inside, moaning softly as he pushed it in. Once that was done he got out of bed to have a shower, none the wiser about what Cas was going though stuck deep inside him. From where he was the angel could feel every step Dean took as if it were an earthquake, wishing he could squirm and push against the plug he could feel at his feet.
Dean shrugged and scooted a little closer, taking a sip of his coffee. “We wing it, I guess. See where it goes.”
Gabriel simply looked up with a smirk, glancing down at Castiel. "Mhm, I don't know...have enough fun yet, squirt?" He asked, smiling wider at the scowl Cas gave him. Dean gently set Cas down on the bed, crossing his arms. "Come on, asshole, just turn him back." He repeated frustratedly. Gabriel considered it for a moment, expression turning mischievous.
want to get shoved up Dean's ass. It's not like he had any free will in the matter though, helplessly watching as Dean prepped himself, the hunter groaning loudly at the stimulation of his fingers. He was eager to replace those fingers with his new toy though, trying to go as fast as he could and practically vibrating with anticipation. "I hope you're ready little guy, I am going to enjoy this." He moaned, taking his fingers out once he was stretched enough and grabbing Castiel once more.
Castiel happily followed, heart pounding in excitement. It took a little longer then they would have liked given how drunk they were, but they eventually made it. Dean shut the door by pressing Cas up against it, eagerly kissing him again with a satisfied moan. Cas opened his mouth to Dean, moaning loudly at the feeling of his tongue entering it. He couldn’t get enough, couldn’t get Dean close enough. One thing he knew was that there were too many clothes in between them, so he hastily started taking off his shirt along with Dean's too.
“You motherfucker, I am going to kill you! You hear me?” Dean growled, a mix of anger and fear in his voice. He looked around for something, anything to get him out of this but it was no use. The guy had already stripped down and was heading back towards him with lustful eyes, revelling in the fear Dean was giving off. He didn’t bother with proper lube, putting no more then spit on his fingers before forcing them into Dean's tight asshole. He screamed, trying desperately to close his legs and get away from the excruciating pain and humiliation. There was no escaping it, it only got worse. A burning pain spreading throughout his lower body, only quenched an eternity later when the fingers where finally removed and replaced with a writhing tongue. The only control Dean had over was his voice, screaming as many curses and insults he could think of, blinking the tears out of his eyes. What was worse, in between the pain small twinges of pleasure began to emerge. He was horrified to feel them, he was in agony and far from aroused but the feeling of that hot mouth against his ass, licking deep inside him and soothing the burning heat was starting to actually feel
“I’m assuming you two have a lot to talk about so I’ll leave you to it now.” He said, taking his empty mug to the sink before leaving the pair to themselves once again. An awkward silence fell upon the kitchen, only interrupted a moment later by Dean clearing his throat.
room in
They had to take turns getting their underwear on, Dean picking out some sweats and Cas picking up the jeans he’d worn the night before. They both awkwardly gave each other a bit of privacy, looking away and trying not to let curiosity take hold of them as they each covered their modesty. They had to quite embarrassedly get cleaned up too, what with the dried come on their stomachs and chests making it very clear what they did with each other. Not that it wasn’t already pretty obvious. Either way they tried to ignore the facts and just get through the awkward encounter, searching around for the keys to the handcuffs. Once they were found Dean gladly took them off, rubbing his wrist a little before getting a shirt on. “Come on, lets head to the kitchen.” Dean grumbled once Cas got a shirt on too, leaving the room with him.
did it feel good to have him squirming in there. He couldn't stop from reflexively clenching around the angel, making him fight harder which in turn aroused Dean more. He took a breath when he got to his bedroom, shutting the door behind him and leaning against it for a moment. He felt really guilty, especially since he could very fairly hear the tiny man calling for him, but he was so hard in his pants already. Maybe he could get away with using him once more to get off? He could just feign ignorance, couldn't he?
“Fuck, I’ve wanted this for so long. I-I didn’t think you--you—” Cas interrupted him with another heated kiss.
He glanced up when Gabriel ended the room after a while, taking his now empty bowl to the sink as he greeted him with a 'Hey'. "Hey, Dean-o. So, did you get my present?" The archangel asked eagerly as he sat down with a lollipop. "Yes, I did." Dean replied nonchalantly as he leaned against the counter with his coffee.
Dean smiled a little and looked back in the direction the dream Cas had walked, saying as he turned back, “Actually, this is the first time. Usually you look, you know, normal.”
Castiel grabbed the bottle, generously coating his fingers and Dean's ass with the lube ready to prep him. “Remember the safe word?” He asked, starting slow with one finger. Dean moaned quietly and smiled, wrapping his arms around Cas. “Impala.” He replied, playing with Cas' hair as he watched him. Cas smiled back, kissing him a few more times as he pushed his finger a little deeper. Dean moaned again, trailing a hand down Cas' torso teasingly. “Is this okay?” He asked, glancing down at the angel’s half hard cock. He flushed a little and nodded, moaning as Dean ran his down to jerk him playfully. He added a second finger, then a third, before pulling them all out once he was sure Dean was stretched enough. He lubed himself up and got into position, once again asking if Dean was ready despite the air of arousal around both of them. He nodded a little, keeping his eyes on Cas as he pushed in slow. There was a pause for them both to adjust once Cas was flush against him, before he started moving on Dean's go ahead.
Dean coughed awkwardly and looked back at Michael. “Well, thank you, and don’t hesitate to shoot me a text if you need anything.” Dean told him, walking towards the door. He glanced at the knob and looked back, meeting Castiel’s eyes for the second time that day.
“Why not?”
“Castiel,” Sam corrected bitterly.
Not only that, but his name was worked into a series of designs, the most noticeable being a brilliant pair of wings. His soulmate must think quite highly of him if he is so willing to portray his name as an angelic one. Then again, he was named after the Angel of Thursday.
“Awesome!” Gabriel exclaimed, slamming his hands on the table. “Now ya got a party planning helper, Cassie,” he snickered under his breath.
For the rest of the day, he couldn’t stop thinking about his task. He caught a glimpse of every girl he had class with, none of the ones without sleeves had any artistic drawings up their arms. A few wore sweatshirts so he wrote their names down for future reference.
“Well, they’re family. Whoever did this must’ve held a grudge for the lot of them,” the Sheriff responded,  looking around the room at the forensic scientists who gathered around some of the other bodies.
“Cassie’s got a big fat crush on Dean-O~” Gabriel sung with a little laugh. Castiel’s glance nervously shifted from one side of the room to another. “Don’t listen to him.”
Dean paused a let out a long sigh. “I wish you were actually here. Did I ever tell you what I went out to get that night?”
Castiel hopped into the shower after he finished writing about his mysterious soulmate and let the water fall down his lean body. He knew one of his siblings was bound to come interrupt him at some point so he tried to be quick, but he didn’t want to get out. So he filled the bathtub and let himself relax with the warmth that the water gave him.
“And, uh, see how the party planning is going. Lisa has been bugging me all week and I’ll go insane if I don’t tell her something.” Dean said with a grin, looking mostly at Michael. He stole a glance at the others, too. “Well, Winchester, it’s been a long week and we’ve only now gotten time to plan for the dance. Tell your girlfriend to volunteer to help if she wants things to be done faster.” Michael crossed his arms, sternly staring at Dean.
Castiel had left Gabriel to think on his own, while he ran across town all the way to the bridge. There was a really old one just outside the middle of town. It had been there as long as Castiel could remember, but he hadn’t seen it in years. He missed it and knew it was probably the safest place for him to go at the time. His parents were just plain assholes, he wasn’t going to them for comfort. He shouldn’t have left Gabriel, because that was the only real person he could really connect with. Lucifer wouldn’t have really cared about his problems, he may not have even listened completely, but he would’ve understood what Castiel was going through. Balthazar wouldn’t have cared, either, but he would’ve probably killed someone to make Castiel happy, and that’s what matters, right?
Castiel had a suspicion that maybe he’d gotten into a fight. It wasn’t uncommon at school, because for many, fighting was just a way of asserting dominance. Of course, Castiel never participated in foolish events like school fights and didn’t plant to.
“For him, maybe. But I’ve dated my share of women,” Dean responded, ruffling his hair. “Do you think it’s bad?”
‘Alright, um… my life is full of danger, I’m always on a hunt. If not that, it’s a punt.’
Sam suddenly remembered a quote from a romance book he'd been forced to read by his friend Jess. He twisted the quote a little in his mind so he could apply it to the situation. Home isn't always a place; sometimes it's a person. And Dean's person was gone, which meant that he didn't have a home.
“I’ll be right back. Or, hopefully soon. See you later. I’ll get the answer to your question.”
“Can we… not talk about this here? Maybe somewhere more private?” Dean asked, his eyes travelling across the hallway at the students whose eyes trained on them.
Today the cut was deep, probably deeper than it had ever been. Castiel never thought a person was capable of undergoing that much pain. But he knew Dean's state of mind, he knew. It was reasonable considering what he'd seen and what he now knew.
“Oh.” Castiel tried to adjust. “Is this alright with you…?” Dean nervously started, showing the other side of himself rarely anyone got to see. “Yes.”
“I guess so,” Castiel muttered, looking down at his feet under the table.
He decided to skip lunch and head outside. There was a nice patch of grass under a lovely tree that he could finally relax under with a good book. Except, it was extremely cold outside, and snow covered the ground. Agh, Castiel thought with a groan. Then he remembered- he still possessed the coat that the mysterious green eyed person had let him borrow. Didn’t the person want to ask for it back? He couldn’t give it back if no one asked him for it.
Sam unlocked the door and walked in, smelling the air. He was definitely smarter than Dean despite being younger and knew immediately what was going on. “Hey, Dean, I’m home!” He set his bags down at the door and slid the shoes off his feet.
“Alright, but when you're done… come back down. We've got exciting news!”
Castiel felt oddly affected by the use of his last name. He felt as if Dean had used some sort of nickname like his siblings had given him and now it seemed weird to use his last name. “Yes, okay. Tell me why you left. Why you knew I was in the lake. Were you watching me??”
Dean glanced at Sam, who had looked away from a brief moment and gave them a moment of silence. “Did they seem to have anything in common, besides their time of death?” Dean asked, bending down to take a closer look at one of the men.
The other jocks looked as though maybe they should follow in Dean’s words and support Castiel. But most of them just looked angry. To further explain, Dean and Norris have been enemies for quite a while now, both fighting for best player of the football team. Both are fine pieces of eye candy and both are pretty successful. Some people sided with Norris, others Dean Winchester.
'Oh, my… I didn’t mean to write that. Sorry.' Castiel slammed his face in the pillow. How could he be so stupid?
And then their lips met.
Gabriel was panicking and left the paint right where it was, running for cover, and accidentally leaving Castiel flailing behind him. It was too late for the younger brother. Castiel sighed and stared at Dean Winchester with heavy eyes. “Don’t get the wrong idea.” He simply stated, looking towards Gabriel who gave one of those “whoopsies~” smiles and ran home to Lucifer, presumably to pester him about doing another prank.
“Do you miss Castiel? Is that what this is about?”
“You two have been sneaking glances at each other for my whole class. I assume it’s important.”
Charlie's mind went into panic zone, leaving her speechless. “It's Dean Winchester. It has to be.” Castiel’s fingers curled to form a fist. He wasn’t 100% positive, but he didn’t really want to think about the clues. He didn’t look at his arm for a while, mostly because he didn’t feel anything whatsoever. There was no sign of any writing or drawings anywhere. It’s like there were never any to begin with. He could’ve assumed he’d never even spoken to his soulmate if it weren’t for the fading but still visible scars.
Dean let go, finally, and looked at him directly into the eyes. “I should be thanking /you/.” He murmured softly, leaning in towards Castiel’s face. He leaned back and watched Castiel’s eyes grow wide before turning to walk across the snow back to his shitty friends.
Dean stood up, and looked down at the box in his hand which was almost frozen shut. He opened it and wiped the water from his eyes to see a ring. A promise ring that he wanted to give his soulmate the moment they found each other. A metal bond that now he’d never be able to give to another person. He choked back another sob and took it out of the box, throwing the box onto the frozen lake. He let the ring slip from his fingers, falling into the snow beside Castiel where it disappeared from view.
“Sure do.” Dean chuckled, leaning against the side of the school building.
Dean readjusted his position so that he was sitting on his knees and legs in front of Castiel. “I was stupid and blind.” Dean willed with all his might for the wet drops of tears to stay back. “I didn’t want to get you involved in my life because of all these issues but now you are and I’ve put you in danger.”
Maybe he’d just drop it off at the lost and found or set it in the locker room. Someone was bound to find it. Castiel also realized that the coat didn’t have anyone’s last name on it. He wished it was a normal high school coat. But it wasn’t, and that only added to the mystery. He chose a nice empty classroom with a row of desks by a large assortment of books and windows so that he could see the wonders beyond the classroom.
What was stopping him? Why didn’t he just do it already and let himself be happy? If not that, why couldn’t he just do it to save a life?
'….Why? Please, stop… for me…'
“Why? I thought you wanted to find your soulmate.” Charlie asked, humming thoughtfully. Castiel was grateful for her support, of course, but he knew that Charlie was Dean Winchester’s friend. He didn’t really know how much they spoke, but he knew they were at least acquaintances now, since they hadn’t been when he first told her about what was going on.
“That was months ago. I’ve got one now, that probably hates me-”
“Dean, listen,” Castiel began awkwardly, “I know you blame yourself for my death. But there isn't anything you could have done.”
Castiel sniffled on her shoulder and sighed, “I know.. But I can’t figure out the hell why…”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean didn’t quite smirk, but his smile was playful when Castiel swore he heard, “What if it’s something I want to hear?” Castiel ignored it and sat farther away from Dean than before. Sam and Gabriel found a seat on the other chair, but since there was only one Sam ended up laying across the other like a puppy. Dean found it a little annoying on Gabriel’s part, seeing how close he was to Dean’s brother like that. He passed it off when he started thinking about how Castiel had closed himself off and raised his walls once again. Dean was so close to cracking them.
“Your soulmate’s an awesome artist,” someone murmured to Castiel, glancing over his shoulder at the seventeen year old’s arm. Unique, beautiful designs worked their way up Castiel’s arm with bright, illuminating colors. Usually his soulmate didn’t write any messages. One or two a month, but each time it was only a word or two surrounded by some sort of design. Once, she wrote the word “exotic,” with wildflowers worked into the letters. Another time she wrote “mi amour” in calligraphy all inside one huge red and pink heart.
He decided to conduct an experiment that afternoon. Dean's car wasn't the fastest he'd ever seen, but it was difficult to keep up with as he slinkied behind buildings in attempt to stay hidden. The weather wasn't great, it never had been, but he didn't care. It started snowing the longer Castiel tailed them, and he shivered underneath the minimal warmth jacket he’d managed to grab on the way out the door. His brothers had stolen almost all his clothes by now anyways.
“I can’t stop thinking about the kiss, if you go outside I’ll be hard to miss.” The words delicately appeared on his arm, like the person writing them took the longest time to make sure they were perfect. The last word seemed rushed, almost anxious, and Castiel got a weird feeling in his gut.
2. I'm sorry for making John a horrible abusive parent. If I wrote this normally, and there wasn't any self harm, I would portray John as someone who really does care about his kids but tends to go about it in the wrong ways. Don't take it personally if you like John but I needed reasons for why Dean would want to self harm.
Castiel felt a drugs of energy fly through him as his eyes met his rescuers. Those eyes, they seemed so familiar!! Where had he seen them before? But Castiel didn't have time to say thank you. His rescuer laid him down in the grass with a cost wrapped warmly around him and ran.
Dean hesitantly opened the door, blinking as he walked inside. Immediately he knew whose room this was. Or had been. “Cas,” Dean exhaled, breathing in his unmistakable scent.
“Dean, can I speak to you?” Castiel asked upon finding him at his locker. 2263. Of course that was his locker number. Dean's face went deathly pale like a kindergartener going to the principal's office for the first time. “Uh, yeah. Sure, Cas.”
“I know. I saved his life, I shouldn’t be trying to bring him down. That’s really selfish of me.” Dean admitted, starting the car to warm things up a bit. “I was so close to him, Charlie. I almost kissed him,” Dean suddenly felt like an open book, pouring out all his secrets.
Football was great, it was like an escape from reality because the entire game, or mostly during practices, he wouldn’t think about any of his problems.
No reply.
Castiel’s eyebrows furrowed in confusion. How did his soulmate know what he was doing? 'What is that supposed to mean?' He wrote back.
“Cassie!” An unexpected voice exclaimed, jumping on his shoulders. Castiel nearly jumped out of his skin or made a loud noise but thankfully he didn’t. “Gabriel, what are you doing here??”
THE END.
Castiel exhaled a long breath. Gabriel did too, pulling a own from his coat pocket. He drew an “X” on his hand and looked up, walking calmly to the brothers. He approached Sam and offered him a hand, to which Sam took thankfully. Gabriel stopped and let Sam get to his feet and then hugged him. Castiel had wandered from around the shadowed corner and had slowly began towards the three of them.
A few hours later, someone began knocking in his door. “We're going for a walk, you should come with us, Dean…”
“That would mess up anyone. You seemed fine in school, Dean… What the hell happened this week?”
*~*~*~*
Dean pulled Castiel along to the men's locker room. “You need to calm down. You're overreacting.” Football players filed in the room, some wondering what had happened to Dean and others just followed. Dean noticed them instantly, and one of his close friends came over and gave Castiel a glare.  “And… I don't know what you're talking about.” Castiel's eyes blazed with anger he couldn't contain. “You filthy liar!”
“You spiked the punch.” Castiel finished. “Shh, no! I would never. It’s just got a natural kick to it.” Dean laughed and placed the food neatly on the tablecloth.
“That wouldn’t be good,” The teacher agreed peacefully. “Castiel, you are a bright young man. Seems to me like you’ve got someone whose life you are capable of saving, and whether or not you want to be with them, it would be desirable to keep them alive.” Castiel knew what his teacher meant, he knew what he was being persuaded to do, and it was the first time he had thought about it in that form. He supposed he’d just get through the rest of the day and think about it before he went to sleep as he usually ended up doing. “Yes, I agree with you. Thanks, your help is much appreciated,” Castiel assured him. The teacher smiled and excused Castiel from the room.
“What do you want? The others are by the car waiting for me, so you should probably hurry.” Dean glanced toward the direction he had came, but the evergreen trees and snow blocked his view of the sweet Impala waiting for him (this means Cas couldn’t see it, either).
“Just listen!” Dean yelled, causing Charlie to squeal and squeeze her lips shut. “You can’t tell anyone. Not a single person. Especially not Castiel.”
Castiel felt something on his arm and looked down. “Twenty-two-sixty-three, that’s where you talked to me.” Then, below those words all small and black was the word “Sorry.” Castiel sniffled in disgust. He didn’t know what the first part meant, but he sure as hell didn’t want to know.
“Yep. Listen, Sam, I care about your brother. I do. But I haven’t felt this good for twenty years. I ain’t leaving. He’s just goin’ through a phase. It’ll be over in a few days.” Bobby was growing even more irritated by the second. It didn’t seem important to him, but that was only because he wasn’t seeing what Sam saw. He couldn’t possibly understand, either, because he hadn’t been John’s son. He didn’t know what it was like.
Sam furrowed his eyebrows and left the necklace on the woman’s neck. “This family is pretty religious. I wonder if there’s any connection.” He looked over at his brother who seemed to approve of his theory and then back down at the burn marks.
He decided it was his job to figure out who had rescued him. Slowly he walked back down the stairs and into the dining room where dinner was already waiting. One of his other siblings, probably Michael, had placed the dinnerware on the table and he took note of his other siblings.
“Hey, I wanted to swing by and-”
Castiel didn't catch anyone's attention so he took a seat at the table beside Lucifer. He thought about trying to talk to his soulmate but he chose to go against it and keep his hands folded together. He couldn’t concentrate on anything, anyways, because a pair of green eyes haunted his thoughts.
“Cas. Well, I’m about to… so you should probably go away now. Lots of kinky shit happening in a bit.” Dean grunted under his breath with a small sigh only Castiel was able to hear. Diego and the others curled their noses and stared at the two of them. Castiel choked on his own spit but kept himself together. “Hey, Cas, wanna try out those new ropes I just got? Or the handcuffs?”
Charlie shook her head after observing the clue on Castiel’s arm. “He’s a football player.” She told him with a sigh. “Punt is some sort of football term,” she added as she finished her lunch.
“Well, what did he do?” Gabe asked comfortingly, but really he was planning ways to kill Dean Winchester, popular jock or not. Castiel frowned, “He saved my life.” Gabe shot him a confused look, which Castiel saw because he had finally let go. “At the lake, out by the clearing… I nearly drowned but he jumped in and rescued me. If it wasn't for him I wouldn't be alive. And yet he cares more about his popular friends than me. He cares more about those assbutts than he does about me! And you know what? I don’t care! I don’t want him to.”
After he finally finished, his brothers dragged him into the meeting room. He didn’t really have friends, so he rarely talked to anyone, but his brothers almost always made sure he had something beneficial to do after school. Which sadly meant that he was forced to participate as a member of the dumb student council. It was only because his father was the principal, however much he tried to forget, and his brothers were given rights beyond those of normal students. Castiel knew it wasn’t right, but there wasn’t anything he could do to change it, so he kept his mouth shut and sat down. He hadn’t seen anyone that reminded him of someone who suffered from abuse the whole day. His soulmate was right, it was going to be hard for him. And apparently he wasn’t as observant as he appeared to be.
'I’ve got time.'
1. It is literally SO hard to not make them kiss yet. You don't even know how many times I have almost got ahead of myself by making them closer in circumstances. I usually have a strict plan that I stick to for my stories, but with this one I have changed and sculpted it as I go.
Castiel opened his eyes and cast a glance at the clock hanging crookedly on his wall, he adjusted himself to the dimly lit room and sat up straight in his gigantic bed. 7:05am?! He’d slept in hours past what he was supposed to.
“Because you're lying to impress these people you call friends! Can't you just tell the goddamn truth?” Castiel asked, slamming his fist into the locker.
Castiel nodded, walking towards the door. Who gives a fuck about first period anyways? Certainly not him; not today for sure. He'd much rather talk to Dean, even if that meant freezing outside in the middle of winter. “What did you want to talk about?” Dean asked, reminding Castiel of his initial thought.
Castiel was taken aback. He should’ve been expecting such a statement from one of these idiots but he decided to risk it for some peace of mind. “I believe that is for Dean to decide.” He confidently stated, proud of himself for standing up against the bully. He was only thinking of how nice Dean had been when they were talking in the meeting room the other day.
Castiel didn’t want to be with someone who gave into evils.
“You’re amazing, Cassie!” Gabriel screeched to him, shaking his shoulders. Castiel shrugged him off and leaned against the wall by the chairs of the auditorium. “Thanks, Gabe, but…”
Castiel noticed two very important things: green and an odd purple colored mark underneath Dean’s left eye just above his cheekbone.
Dean decided not to talk.
Dean was quick to throw on a jacket and close the door behind him. He got a few interested glances from Castiel’s family as he walked past the kitchen and out the front door. Dean just rolled his eyes and ignored them. He took the car keys out of his jean pocket and hopped into the Impala. The car came to a rusty start as the engine fired up with a turn of the key. Dean loved the heavy sound of the motor and silently wished he could’ve taken Castiel for a drive so he could hear it too.
“Okay, well, just know you can talk to me about anything.” Castiel replied kindly, knowing that he at least tried to help her. “You sound like my parents,” Charlie grumbled, shoving her earphones in her ears. Castiel rolled his eyes. “See ya at lunch, Charlie.”
Charlie seemed almost surprised, and also a little eager, to help him. She hadn’t had much excitement in the past few weeks and was happy to find a task to tackle. “Oh, yeah, uhm… sure!” She agreed with a smile. “What’s the plan?”
Anxiety clawed at Castiel’s insides. Twelve days. That was all the time he had to figure out who he would spend the rest of his life with. If he didn’t figure it out, he would spend the rest of his life seeing black and white. Lonely. Desolate.
“No.” Dean immediately growled at him.
A few hours turned into several hours and it was far past dark. Their father still had not returned after driving off that afternoon. It was mostly quiet in the house until the phone began ringing. Sam picked the phone up off its hanging position on the wall and answered it, Gabriel standing beside him. “Hello?”
~”I’ve been beaten black and blue, what keeps me alive is the thought of you.”~
But as Dean pulled out of the driveway, he realized he didn’t have a destination. He hadn’t researched a case-- hadn’t even touched his laptop for weeks. All he had the energy to do was sit and think or sleep. Of course, all his father taught him to do was drown his sorrows in beer. He put on hand on the wheel and hit the gas.
“Who do you plan trying out for?” Gabriel asked, swirling a lollipop around his tongue. “Remind me.”
It was time to start putting up decorations for that damned winter dance. Castiel didn’t attend any of the other student council meetings so when Gabriel threw a bunch of confetti and streamers at him after school, he was surprised and a little disappointed. It wasn’t that fun of a job, unless you had friends to help you but the only friend he had was Charlie and she wasn’t anywhere to be seen. Castiel knew she probably asked some chick out and was preparing for her big night. Still, it hurt a little that she hadn’t at least texted him.
“Dean, you smell a lot better now!” Sam laughed, patting Dean’s wet hair. Dean couldn’t smile, even though he’d done it countless times before.
Charlie glared at him, her expression changing from happy-go-lucky to pure goddamn evil. “/Lisa/?” She growled, grabbing the straps of her backpack. “Shouldn’t you have broken up with her? Castiel will not pursue a guy with a girlfriend.” She noted aloud, crossing her arms. Dean shrugged. “She’s hard to escape.” He knew it was an excuse, but he didn’t want her snooping around in his affairs after he broke up with her because she might find out something she doesn’t need to know.
“I will never replace you,” Dean vowed under his breath, “as long as I live… and every moment I do, I’ll be reminded of you.”
The absence of air began to claw at Castiel's insides. He promptly became aware of the fact that if he didn't find air soon, he'd never reach the surface. And there wasn't any of that in the dark blue depths of the lake. He felt in shock. His mind had frozen and his entire body felt numb. Maybe his entire life had been a dream- maybe he wasn't real to begin with. Just a fading figure or a truck of the light in the dark blue waters.
“Is something wrong?”
Castiel reached out for Charlie, trying to keep her in her seat, but she didn’t listen. She left the lunchroom and went to look for Dean, who was alone for once. “Dean fucking Winchester, Castiel knows! And you’ve been BULLYING him? What’s going on?” She interrogated him in a halfway teasing tone. “Yeah, well, you don’t need to know the details. There’s things only he knows.”
Castiel knew they were in the same High School, because his wrists were always hot (which was an indication that they were physically close in location). But he didn’t know of anyone who had such artistic abilities. He wasn’t really friends with that crowd, anyways. Mostly he kept to himself, but sometimes he’d participate in student council meetings because his brothers made him tag along.
Sam nodded in acceptance and wished his brother goodbye before exiting the doorway, giggling as Gabriel tickled him.
Cas shrugged a little, still blushing. “’M human now. I wanted to ‘mbrace all aspects of it.”
“Oh, is this a BSD thing? I’ve heard about that.” Cas replied, making Dean chuckle a little.
Eventually Dean pulled his arm out completely and replaced it with his own dick, fucking the slit with a moan as he got more into it. Cas couldn't feel the tiny appendage as much as he could Dean's arm, but the sight of his tiny friend fucking his cock was more than worth it. It got him harder then ever, not taking his eyes off the tiny hunter as he stroked himself faster. He could feel the heat coil in his stomach as he quickly got closer to the edge. He waited until he saw Dean come in his slit to really let himself go, tipping himself over the edge and moaning loudly as he came. The force of Cas' sperm pushed Dean onto his back and covered his body in the sticky substance, more flying past him onto Cas' chest as the giant's moans filled the room and vibrated the ground Dean was lying on. Once it was over and both men had had a chance to come down from their respective highs Cas cleaned them both up with a flick of his wrist, too impatient to get cleaned up manually. He wanted more now, he didn't want to wait again. He gently picked Dean up and brought him to his face as he started stroking himself again, sitting the tiny man down on his lips. "Cas? Are we really gonna--oh fuck!" Dean started, getting interrupted as Cas opened his mouth over Dean' crotch and started licking his tiny cock. The hunter couldn't help but get hard again, moaning as he pressed his hands against Cas' face and thrust against his tongue. The feeling was amazing, it was hot and wet and all encompassing around his nether region, and it was definitely the best part of this whole thing so far.
Cas looked up at the giant with tired relief, trying to catch his breath for a moment. "Dean...finally."
Cas gave him a slightly sceptical look, putting his hands in his pocket as he wondered beside him. “So, why are you imagining me like that today?” He asked.
“Heyy, good job buddy!” Dean praised, patting Cas on the shoulder. It hasn’t taken long for them to start sitting closer and closer, taking everything opportunity for physically contact.
"Alright...on one condition. I'll turn you back, Cassie, if I can shrink Dean in your place. Just for 24 hours or so. It's not fair for just you to have all the fun, right?" He proposed, enjoying the reaction he got from both men. Dean's eyes widened while Cas actually considered it.
“Alright, alright, I’ll tell you what happened. It’s pretty embarrassing though.” He smiled, taking a sip of coffee. Castiel was more worried then Dean, given how it was his first time drinking that much as a human. He wasn’t sure what kind of drunk he was, he hoped he didn’t do anything too embarrassing.
“Dean, what happened last night?” He asked, not remembering anything either. All he knew right now was that he'd woken up with a huge hangover in his best friend’s bed,
“Dare.” He replied this time, trying to look confident as Dean has been.
do that again. It felt like you were gonna friggin' crush me, man." He replied, barely able to move his limbs. Cas apologized again, before carrying Dean to the bathroom to get him cleaned up in the sink. "You can rest for now, Dean, I'll be more gentle next time." He said once he'd gotten himself cleaned up and gently dried the tiny guy, letting him sleep on the pillow for now before he used him again.
He ventured out into the hallway, feeling an uneasiness about the place. Like he was being watched despite the quiet, empty feel of the house. His thoughts turned to his angel as he explored, thinking about the chance of rescue. He flushed at the idea of being seen naked like this, but he had to push that aside in favour of trying to make contact. He had, after all, been kidnapped and brought god knows where for god knows what purpose. “Hey, Cas? I don't know if you can hear this or not but uh, I’m alive, thankfully.” He started quietly, opening the door to a different room filled with more junk, nothing of worth looking through. “Listen, bud, I don’t know where I am. Looks like some kind of abandoned house in the middle of nowhere. There’s, uh, a forest all around it, and a wheat field that goes on for miles. I hope you can get this. I know you and Sammy'll find me.” He hoped the prayer would reach Castiel. There was no harm in trying anyway. He wondered into the kitchen where the place started looking more liveable, food actually stocked in the fridge and cupboards and the room somewhat organized. He grabbed a kitchen knife for defence and headed out towards the living room, his other hand still covering his manhood. Again, the place was a mess. But on the bright side there was actually a pile of clothes he saw that he could rummage through, various sizes and styles of relatively clean clothing. The only thing he found that he was actually able to wear was an oversized black tee and a pair of tight fitting jean shorts. It certainly wasn’t the most ideal thing to wear. Almost no better then actually being naked. He was in no place to be picky though, it was better then nothing.
The next thing Dean remembered was being woken up by Cas telling him they were back at the bunker, helping him out the car. He didn’t let Cas carry him this time, wrapping his arms around Cas' and Sam's shoulders so they could help him weakly make his way inside. “How’re you feeling? Do you need anything?” Sam asked, understandably worried. Dean suspected the two of them probably talked about how Castiel found him while he was asleep. “I’m just peachy. And what I need is a bottle of booze.” He answered with sarcasm heavy in his voice, before looking away at the expression his brother gave him. A mix of understanding and sympathy, as well as a hint of annoyance at such a bullshit answer. “And, uh, something to eat. I’m starving.” Dean added more honestly, sitting on his bed with a groan once they got there.
Sam started with the vodka shots.
“If you get overwhelmed just tell me, okay? We’ll stop right away.” Cas reassured gently, lying down with Dean. He held him close, leaning into the kisses Dean pressed down his neck. “I will, I promise.” He replied, moving back up to his lips. They started slow, building up the foreplay enough to keep them both relaxed. Cas started by removing his own shirt, asking Dean before he took off his too. He took great pleasure in exploring Dean's body, keeping all his touches and kisses gentle and loving. Dean hummed and moaned softly, blushing a little at all the attention. It was really nice, he was loving the way Cas was making him feel. He eventually got to the point where he wanted more, telling Cas as much. “I’ll go slow, okay?” He replied, getting them both naked and ready. The exposure he felt started giving Dean flashbacks to what happened, tensing him up. Cas noticed and carried on with the gentle touches, maintaining eye contact with his love. “It’s alright, I won’t do anything you’re not comfortable with.” He reassured, kissing him once more on the lips. Dean smiled a little, relaxing a bit. “I know, thanks. You’re doing great, sweetheart.” He praised, reciprocating with the same kind of gentle touches. “You look smokin' hot, you know that, right?” Dean said playfully, earning a chuckle from the angel. “I know, you’ve told me before.” He replied, kissing his again. “Are you ready for me to continue?” He asked, glancing at the bottle of lube on the side. Dean nodded a little, trusting Cas with his life. The bad memories were there, lurking in the back of his mind, but Cas kept bringing him back to the present.
“Geez, bossy much?” Dean chuckled, taking Cas' hand after a moment to drag him to the bed. They both fell down on the memory foam, grinding and writhing, kissing and touching, moaning and cursing. Everything was so hot and primal, it felt
“Yes, and now you are going to never speak of it again.” Dean replied, scowling at his brother. Sam put his hands up in defence, even though he had every intention of teasing his brother about this in the future.
. He'd been pressed up against Dean Winchester’s naked body. He flushed when he realized that, putting some proper distance between them as he sat up and pulled the sheets closer to his body.
“Alright, I dare you to...kiss Dean.” He proposed playfully.
Dean tiredly looked up at Cas and shook his head a little. "No...I'm okay...but please
Dean just hoped his and Cas' friendship wouldn’t be ruined after whatever happened last night. He hoped he didn’t spill his feeling in his drunken state. The feelings he kept bottled up deep down for fear of rejection.
After Dean had gotten Cas out and let him rest a little he helped him get cleaned up in the sink, being gentle and careful with the tiny angel. He apologized profusely of course, feeling really bad for what he put him through. Cas was just glad it was all over and he could recover. Dean'd gotten cleaned up too, redressed and set the angel down on his nightstand so he could get dressed as well.
After a while Sam came back with food and a beer on a tray, setting them down for Dean. “Thanks, man.” He said gratefully, gladly digging in. “Listen, if you need anything I’m here, alright?” Sam reassured, giving his brother a smile. He obviously wanted to help, but there wasn’t much more he could do right now. “Yeah, I know. Thanks, Sammy.” Dean replied. His younger brother left to now, leaving Cas to finish up and for Dean to eat in peace. He was done by the time the bath was ready, letting Cas help him to the tub. “Alright, I’m good now. You can go. Thanks, Cas.” He smiled a little, leaning himself against the wall.
“Since becoming human, have you jerked off yet?”
“I...don’t know.”
Dean chuckled quietly, feeling the whoosh of wind as Cas left. He did indeed stay watching over the hunter, sitting back comfortably on the bed as he kept him safe.
It took a while before he heard noises coming from above him, like a fight or a struggle. It had to be Sam and Cas, right? He wondered who would find him like this. He didn’t know which would be worse. Right now, he didn’t care. He needed to get out of that damn chair and have that stupid vibrator removed from his ass. He kept staring at the door as he waited, feeling as though it took forever before it finally opened. He was so relieved to see Cas step inside. The angel stopped at the scene in front of him, eyes wide with shock. “Dean!” He called when he snapped out of it a second later, rushing to his side. “Cas! Oh, thank god. P-Please, take it out. I can’t take it anymore, take it out!” Dean begged, unable to help himself. He was well passed breaking point and didn’t give a damn about anything but stopping the torturous vibrations. Cas paused, his eyes travelling down to Dean's exposed ass and the vibrator inside. His cheeks flushed a little, all kinds of emotions overwhelming him. “O-Oh, sure.” He replied, gingerly turning it off and pulling it out. Dean groaned in pain, squirming in the seat. “It’s okay now. We're getting you out of here.” Cas reassured, undoing the straps and helping Dean to the edge of the chair. He whimpered, needing to stop already.
when you started moving. I-I couldn't help myself. I'm really sorry." He apologized, cheeks tinted pink with embarrassment.
Cas looked down at Dean, feeling a little guilty. He had a plan for him now though. "It's just for 24 hours, right?"
"No, you perv, I didn't. It's on my nightstand. I have to admit though, it does look kinda cute so thanks, I guess. Even if it is a little weird."
“Fuck, you’re so hot. ‘M so close already.” Dean moaned, crashing their lips together for another desperate kiss despite his breathlessness.
“Mhm, truth.”
Dean whipped his head around, frowning a moment before realization hit him. “I'm dreaming?” It was more of a statement then a question. Castiel nodded all the same.
“So, this’ll be your first proper time getting hammered as a human. Excited?” Dean asked Cas, taking a swig of beer.
“Alright! Beer run is complete and we have everything we need to get this party started!” Dean exclaimed as he walked down the stairs with bags in tow. Sam and Cas were sitting on the couch in front of the tv they’d set up a while back. Dean passed them each a beer, unpacking everything else he’d bought at the same time. “I also got us some vodka shots and other assorted drinks, and snacks of course.” He explained happily, plopping down beside Cas with a smile.
"I wonder..." Dean glanced at his closed door before sticking out his tongue and curiously licking at Cas' whole crotch, tasting the familiar tang of sweat and musk. It was realistic as fuck, he was starting to get pretty turned on by this. Just imagining it was the real Cas (which it was) was getting him really hard. He stopped for a second to get undressed, jostling the bed and Cas as he did so. The angel was helpless, watching as Dean got naked right in front of him. His friend was huge, towering over him like a god. His cock alone was the same size as Cas, filled with arousal. Dean picked him back up, stomach dropping as vertigo took over and he was brought back up to the hunter's face. That huge, wet, bumpy tongue reappeared to lick up his entire body.
"Did you 'use' it?"
bed and that they were both—wait. They were both
“I don’t plan on getting that drunk, but yes, I suppose so.” He replied, taking a small sip himself.
it, taking the opportunity to kiss him just a little harder. When he heard a tiny moan of surprise come from the hunter he felt all kinds of different emotions run though him. Giddiness, excitement, a tiny hint of arousal...
Dean put the note aside after reading it and turned his attention to Castiel. For the angel everything was overwhelming huge. The hunter was a
"Man, wasn't earlier enough? I'm sorry I put you through hell, do you really have to use me like this again?" Dean asked as he rolled his shoulder and stretched his sore arms. "I really want to, Dean. Please? Here, let me help." Cas replied, gently picking Dean up and pressing a giant kiss to his chest. He allowed his grace to flow through the tiny guy, healing his soreness. Dean stretched again, testing his limbs. It did feel much better. "...Alright, but please be more gentle? I can't take that again."
, with no recollection of how he got there. Dean gave no good answer either, replying, “I don’t know, man. I’m just as freaked as you are!”
Dean hummed in agreement, smiling against Cas' neck. “Yeah, it is. ‘S awesome.” He replied quietly.
Gabriel nodded. "Yep."
use him for the purpose Gabriel said he would, would he?
Cas moaned against Dean as he stroked himself harder, watching the tiny man with arousal as he licked and sucked on his small member. Dean came again in Cas' mouth, hearing the giant moan louder as he orgasmed too, sucking hard on Dean as he faintly tasted the salty liquid on his tongue. He pulled Dean away once he was done, both of them taking a moment to bask in the afterglow. "Okay...now
Dean had to admit, the details were
“Alright, hotshot, I dare you to sing along to a song of my choosing.” He smirked, already getting his phone out to choose one.
Sam had gone to bed.
“So, where do we go from here?” The ex-angel asked as he looked up at Dean.
After a moment of shocked contemplation Dean tried to sit up a bit while not disturbing the ex angel, starting to regret how much he had to drink with the size of this hangover. Despite his carefulness Castiel started to stir awake, making a sound of discontentment and pulling away from Dean a little. His own eyes went wide when they opened to see the shirtless hunter by his side in the bed.
taking him out. He was so so wrong though, instead his legs were grabbed and he was pulled out only to his shoulders before being
“Come on, man, it's game night! Get in the partying spirit!” Dean encouraged, nudging his arm playfully. Cas had been without his grace and wings for a few months now, slowly getting used to the trials of being human. With some help, of course. Dean especially had been more then happy to help the poor guy, there was a lot of stuff to get used to.
Cas returned the smile, giving him a nod. “And, Dean? Enjoy that version of me while you have the chance, because I am
He sighed quietly, eventually getting out the tub once the water started turning cold. He got himself dried and dressed into a plain black tee and grey jogging bottoms, before grabbing the trenchcoat and making his way out to go find Sam and Cas. He heard talking coming from the kitchen so that’s where he headed, stopping outside the door when he heard the tail end of a conversation he wasn’t supposed to hear. “—am I going to do, Sam? He said—he said he loved me. Did he mean that? I mean...in the way I think he did?” Dean heard the sound of a bottle opening, then footsteps. “You just need to talk to him, Cas. Just...give him some time to recover first. He’s been through a lot.” Dean chose the moment to make himself known, giving it a second before stepping inside to greet the pair. “Hey, how’re you feeling?” Sam asked gently when he saw his brother walk in, sliding a fresh beer over to him once he sat down. “Better, thanks.” Dean replied, turning to Cas. “Here, you can have this back.” He said, handing the trenchcoat over. It had been strange seeing it on himself in the mirror. Like he’d put it on the morning after sex with the angel. He kind of liked it.
He headed on out to try the front door, unsurprised to find it locked. He looked back around with an agitated sigh, looking upstairs next. He looked everywhere for a key, or something to help him but there was only more run down rooms and dubious looking stains everywhere. Some were clearly blood, a few fresher then others. He eventually had only one more door to check out, the most suspicious looking one. It lead down into the basement where things started looking even more like a horror movie. There were a few large metal cages and rows of shelves containing all kinds of tools and devices. Photos as well, of the missing victims. One of him, too. He was completely shocked and disgusted when he saw that one. It was clearly taken right after being brought to the house, he was unconscious and unclothed on the floor, in full view of the camera. He tightened his grip on the knife he had, cautiously moving further into the basement. The next thing to catch his eye was the desk with computers on them, showing camera footage of each room. That explained why he had felt as though he was being watched. There was an adjoining room off to the right so he started heading towards that next when he yet again felt a sharp pain shoot through his body, feeling his neck and pulling out a dart that’d been shot at him. “Son of a bitch!” He growled, turning towards the culprit as his vision blurred. The man stepped out from the shadows with a smirk, walking towards him with casual strides. “Stay the fuck away from me you bastard!” Dean warned, holding up the knife. It didn’t last long, he couldn’t keep the tranquilizer from working through his body and dropping him unconscious.
“Thank you, Dean. You--you've been a v'ry good teacher.” Cas slurred with a happy smile. “And might I say, you have v'ry pretty eyes too. V'ry beau'iful.” He added flirtatiously, staring at him for the tenth time that night. Dean blushed a little, smiling back. “Oh, thank you. You’re pretty too.” He replied, staring back with his flushed, beautifully freckled face.
The ex-angel blushed, licking his lips a little before answering. “Yes. I have.”
“Okay, umm, I dare you to...” He started, trying to think of something for a moment. “Take five shots?”
After a few hours of keeping himself occupied while Dean rested Cas was very eager to use the tiny man again, he couldn't stop thinking about it. The sense of power he had over Dean, all the ideas of things he could do to him, it was intoxicating. That's why when Dean awoke Cas was right there hovering over the hunter with an already erect cock. It scared the shit out of him to wake up to, yelping in surprise when he opened his eyes to see that giant dick right in his face, already leaking big glops of precome onto his chest. He backed up to look past it up to Cas' face, trying to wipe off the sticky substance. "Ready for more, Dean?" Cas asked with a playful smile.
