He lashed out; let a razor-sharp tendril of grace whip around him like flaming barbed-wire, snarling from where he was crouched in the corner of his fractured mind.  If he wasn’t going to be granted the mercy of death then he would make Lucifer regret not snuffing him out when he had the chance.
He cleared his throat and looked away awkwardly, a blush heating his cheeks and Cas' hand still crushed to his chest.
He ducked a punch and shoved his blade up, ripping it free and spinning out of the way of another fist and booking it to the other side of the room.  He glanced over in time to see Cas tearing through three vamps like a Tasmanian devil, using one hand to plunge the syringe of dead man's blood into the chest of one vamp, kicking the second in the stomach hard enough to fold him in half and slicing the head off the third -  already moving on to a fourth when Dean had to look away and turn around the corner of a stack of old pallets.
Castiel smiled uncertainly right before he rolled his hips experimentally, rubbing their cocks together.
The defeated way Sam’s shoulders suddenly slumped let Castiel know he did.  He tried not to feel guilty when Sam’s eyes became glassy and the younger Winchester worried his lip between his teeth.  They had told him to talk.  They had told him to be honest.
He was leaning against the table, his large hands braced on its weathered surface, as he stared down at a map of the area.  He straightened when Cas walked through the open flap, sharp blue eyes taking in the angel and his two companions.
He sighed, exhausted, torn between slogging through the rest of the conversation and turning on his heal to flee the ridiculousness of it.
Dean was reluctant to say anything, irrationally worried that as soon as he opened his mouth they would know he was from another planet.  Luckily Cas came to their rescue.
When they got to the kitchen, Sam was just setting a large plate on the table and he looked up when Cas came through the door, his eyes going a fraction wider and darting quickly downward to take in the changes in the angel since they’d last seen each other.
Dean reluctantly agreed, but complained about it all the while he and Sam were removing their armor.  He wasn’t worried they were going to get jumped in the middle of the inn – the place didn’t have that kind of vibe – but there was something unsettling about the way some of the patrons had been staring at Cas…
Cas' fingers twitched again and Dean sobbed out a laugh. "That's it, angel, come on." he lifted their joined hands and pressed his lips to Castiel's knuckles.
That was a particularly good memory and Dean couldn’t help the smile that spread across his face at the very thought of it.  Castiel might struggle when he had to act human around strangers but once they had taught the angel that it was ok to express himself however he chose, Cas had taken it upon himself to make sure Dean and Sam knew just how much he cared about them on a daily basis.
It was only now that Dean realized that all the times he’d given the angel a hug or patted him on the shoulder…that he hadn’t actually been touching
As his luck would have it, both Cas and Hannah were so invested in their bickering that they didn't seem to hear him approach.
Absently scratching his own beard, Dean suddenly realized it was because it shined a more natural light on creatures he had come to see as cold, marble statues.  This was an inherent and evident organic side to Cas that he was only now seeing for the first time.
“So, we keep heading north then?”  Sam asked, heaving himself out of the chair with great effort and grabbing the map off his bed.  He rolled it out on the floor in front of the fire and both Cas and Dean leaned in.
Sometimes they talked while they sipped their coffee - but never about anything important. Sometimes Dean talked about what they should get for groceries that week because he'd found a recipe online that he was pretty sure Cas would love but it called for grape seed oil and they don't usually buy that kind of stuff. Sometimes Dean would mention another show they should watch on Netflix because it was so Cas' kind of humor and he knows the angel will like it.
This close, Dean’s brain quickly took in their grotesque appearance with much more detail than he had from the top of the hill.  Their skin was the same color grey he had seen on many corpses and for their size, they were strangely emaciated, their ribs visible from their abdomen all the way up to their collar bones, as if the skin was straining to cover everything.  They were both bald but had long, scruffy beards.  All down their arms and legs, there were dark tattoos of swirling lines and dots that matched the ones painted on their mammoths’ trunks.  At what must be close to twelve feet tall, beady black eyes stared down at Dean with primitive distrust.
The angel was sprawled across his side of the bench seat, one arm hanging out the open window and the other draped across his stomach.  He was wearing a pair of aviators but Dean could still read the unhappy look on his face and he cleared his throat awkwardly, still trying to dispel a few inappropriate thoughts that had cropped up when he noticed how well Cas' sunglasses brought attention to the sharpness of his jaw line.
a Viking, back in the day.  Though, I suppose he’s a sort of Viking now,” Crowley chuckled, scratching his beard absently.  “Anyway, he may be able to help you create a counter spell to unclip those wings.  Of course,” here a slow grin spread across his face, “It’ll cost you.”
Dean hadn't bothered saying he was at least smart enough to have beaten the devil a second time, because he
He let his gaze drift away from the mountain and to all the guards patrolling the courtyard around the Hall.  He’d thought there were a lot of guards down in the city, but it was nothing compared to the number milling around up here.
Sam’s eyes tracked the movement of his wings and then his face relaxed, the way it always did when he’d just solved some kind of puzzle.  He hid it quickly, but Castiel was left more confused that ever.  And frustrated.  After all this time, why was it
So absorbed was he in pretending not to notice how his cheeks were still hot and how he wanted to sink in to the floor, that he startled quite badly when Dean suddenly pulled out the chair next to him.  Of course, both brothers noticed, and of course both their faces did
Something warm squirmed in his chest at the thought, wondering, for the first time, how odd Cas must have found being in the company of humans.  He’d certainly seemed endlessly perplexed by Sam and Dean’s habits when he had first started hanging around.  Not that that had died down much.  He often found Cas frowning at one or both of them like he couldn’t quite comprehend what they were doing or talking about.
weight was still surrounding him and he didn't want to get out from under it. He pulled his knees closer to his chest with the thought, curling his fingers into the soft part around his shoulders and tugging it closer.
Honestly, Dean didn’t think he even cared if he never hunted again.  So long as they all decided to do what made them happy, that’s all he wanted now.  He was tired of the anxiety and fear and depression.  He was tired of never sleeping and eating on the road.  He loved to cook real food and Sam and Cas liked to eat it – even though he technically didn’t need to, Cas still seemed to enjoy it.  He liked not seeing dark circles and heavy lines around Sam’s eyes all the time.  He liked seeing Cas smile those rare little smiles.  Dean hadn’t gotten him to outright laugh yet but he was sure he was getting close.
Liam nodded, as if he had suspected as much.  “I can tell that’s upsetting to you, Dean, but you really shouldn’t take it personally.  The problem is likely not with you or your brother, but with the location.  Angels don’t do well inside stone walls and I doubt very much they would be comfortable underground.”
After only a minute or two, his wings relaxed and folded loosely against his back and, with one last deep breath, Castiel squared his shoulders.
Sam smiled, punching him right back.  “I got you, man.  Now,” he tossed his ipod back on the dashboard as George Straight started playing through the tape deck converter, “Let’s go get our little brother.”
Cas nodded, swallowing.  Of course he understood.  It’s part of the reason they were all in this situation in the first place.
Had Cas crash landed somewhere else?  He'd told them the flight here would exhaust him.  Had something gone wrong?  The brothers turned in slow circles, eyes raking over the alien landscape that surrounded them.
Cas didn’t look much better.  His leather armor was dark and slick, the oils it had been treated with no match for the continuous downpour.  The angel shook his head, scattering the water from it and running his hand through to slick it back out of the way just like the brothers had.
The binding crushed back.  He gasped and doubled over, but refused to drop his blade.  His hand shook with the strain of keeping hold of it and he
Though her eyes were downcast and demure as she followed her youngest son into the room, the muscle jumping in her jaw – so like Dean – betrayed her.
, though?  He realized then that he didn’t care.  Dean was still pushing against his shoulder, his gentle touch much more irritating than the hunter likely intended.  So he gave in, he laid down across the back seat, and curled his arms around the leather jacket that appeared under his head.
Dean shifted closer again, crouched down so that his shoulders were hidden under the water, and watched closely for any signs of Castiel’s comfort level starting to slip.
“I need my blade,” he warned her with only half the sentence he’d planned to, but another squeeze from the binding cut him short.
.  Instead, he stayed where he was, because that was what needed to be done.  Distantly, all that he was feeling pummelled his protective walls like battering rams while he tried his best to ignore how irrationally
It was then that Dean realized he'd just kissed Cas' hand like he was some kind of knight that had just roused Sleeping Beauty and heat flooded his face because, hey, talk about accurate 'cause Cas was fucking beautiful, but you don't just go around kissing your best dude-friend's hand.
The bonds squeezed again, wringing a groan from his chest like water from a cloth.  The pressure was becoming unbearable again.  He felt like he was being crushed. He needed to release it.
Dean felt like he was circling a viable idea and with every new image Sam conjured, Dean found himself picturing Vikings.  Blood-thirsty, power-hungry, and with the influence of the old gods thrumming through their veins.  What could people like the Vikings want from an angel bad enough to not only create a binding to enslave it, but to risk annihilation to capture it?  After all, an angel would not take such treatment lightly.  If they failed, the angel would certainly slaughter them in retribution for even trying.
was like a kick to the gut and the one instinct Dean had – to hold on to the angel and never fucking let go – only made things worse; made Cas hurt
But he couldn’t tell his Father to take his wings back.  Couldn’t tell Him he didn’t deserve them when God had decided he did.  It would be blasphemy.  It would be treason.  He could no more tell his Father that he was wrong than he could disobey an order from him.
Castiel's eyes narrowed and his wings retracted from his shoulders, folding so tight against his back Dean worried they might cramp.
And it had been much more effective in controlling his emotions than simply blocking them.  Outside, he wasn’t trapped.  Outside, he was
Dean's chest had been tight with relief when he spotted the messy black head of hair poking out of the wad of blankets, but worry was quick to fill the space behind his ribs.
Groggily, Cas’ head lifted from his intense scrutiny of the floor tiles and his eyes narrowed on Sam’s face.
It seemed as if the doctor and Sam were only waiting for him to get back because they both stood and Angie told them to follow her.  They were led down long hallways and up a few floors in an elevator and then down another long hallway.  There were empty beds everywhere, lining the hall and stuffed in storage rooms.  Some were made up and waiting and others were occupied by slumbering patients.
He looked away.  He wanted to ask if Sam had done the same, if Sam had swallowed all the souls in Purgatory to try and save the world and what was left of his family…would Dean have asked Death to murder him?  Would he have tried to kill Sam himself?  He felt sick at the idea of asking it out loud.  He already knew the answer.
“I’m sorry,” he said before he’d even opened his eyes, sounding like a broken record even to himself.
The break had done them well.  Sam no longer had dark circles around his eyes and was smiling more frequently and Dean...well, Dean at least seemed a little less abrasive than normal.  He too was beginning to smile more, Castiel had noticed.
Carefully and quietly, he placed another log on the fire and then moved to the door, peeking out into the common room.
They seemed to grow and expand like a breathing lung, stretching out and fanning wide, taking up so much space that they quickly filled the room. Along opposite walls, the long flight feathers – which looked like they were at least five feet long – were forced to curve against the plaster.
A large pipe bent and groaned when he pulled it from the wall like it was nothing more than copper wire.
And anyway, after what he'd just heard, how could he not?  His legs had been twitching with the urge to go find the angel as it was; so he stood and walked off in the direction Cas had taken, not bothering to hide the speed of his eager steps.
eyes, it was easy enough to see the shape of his own feathers in the wispy light.  Not whole feathers, they were much too large for that, but the grain of a single plume, or the edge of a shaft here and there.  He doubted the humans noticed such details.  Something Castiel was grateful for.  It hinted at the monstrous size of his real body, something he was sure would unsettle them even further.
He stopped and braced his hands on the back of the chair he had vacated, opening his mouth to ask why Sam suddenly wanted to know about angels and the color of their wings but was, once again, interrupted before he could.
“Yeah, Cas is quite the drama queen,” Dean deadpanned.  Because if there was anyone less dramatic than Cas, he'd yet to meet them.  Although, he was starting to realize angels displayed a very subtle body language that he was only just starting to be able to read and what seemed like a breath up from straight faced stoicism would, to another angel, read as absolute peacocking.
With nothing else to do with the dark feeling swelling in his gut, Dean did as he was told, stalking off in whatever direction he happened to be facing, trying his best to calm down.
He hadn't known, couldn't have realized, that Castiel was struggling.  For the first time since meeting the angel he had appeared to actually
“You can ask whatever questions you wish as soon as we find a place to sleep. That flight was more challenging than I anticipated.” He placated, glancing up at the dark, cloud-laden sky before turning his back on Sam and starting to walk.  “And I cut holes in the back of my tunic before we left.  Now, clearly I misscalculated the time of our arrival but if the co-ordinates were correct, then we are in the fields just to the west of the city of Whiterun.  Though how
Dean could hear crickets and an owl farther away and his boots sounded too loud on the floorboards of the little shack.
She laughed, the sound of it melodic and cheerful, a contrast to the weather.  “The weather in the mountains
Dean looked dangerously close to crying.  Or breaking something.  Or both.  Either way there were tears welling in his eyes and Castiel could only stare stupidly as the man rose and viciously scrubbed them away with the same fury Castiel had seen him scrub bird shit off the Impala.
It wasn’t nearly as nice looking as the Bannered Mare.  The roof was thatched instead of tiled and the plain log walls were grey and old.  There were no intricated designs carved into the door and the sign at the bottom of the stairs – Sleeping Giant Inn – was so old that the paint had worn off it.
It wasn't a question and Dean felt his gut clench, his gaze darting over to Cas at the same time Sam's did.
Sam's brow dropped in confusion, the same way it did when he was working on translating an obscure text or trying to do ridiculously tricky math in his head.  His brown eyes slid from Hannah, to Cas, then lingered on Dean before landing on Hannah again.  She looked up at him and apparently Sam read something in her face because his frown smoothed out and he stood abruptly, holding out his hands.
Over their heads, as the day pressed on and they picked their way along, the clouds continued to break up and, occasionally, Dean felt truly blessed when the heat of the run hit his back.  The temperature warmed considerably, but not enough to chase away the memory of last night’s sopping wet chill.  When they stumbled upon the biggest pool they had seen yet, he was tempted to strip down and join the locals lounging in the hot water.
“I had to relieve more pressure,”  Castiel explained, trying to subdue the irrational fear prickling along his spine and forcing his attention from the angel blade in Dean’s hand and up to his eyes.  “I couldn’t take it anymore, Dean.  I’m sorry and I understand if…if you can’t trust me. I’ll leave…just, please tell me what spell you used so I can –”
, and it soothed the ice biting at his toes. The rumbling continued, a constant vibration between his ears – he wished he could remember how to translate the sound into something meaningful.
Dean hadn't expected this.  Castiel always seemed so composed, so untouchable.  But it seemed that now he had been confronted directly, that there was nowhere for him to hide, Cas was panicking.  He was scared and Dean felt sick because he didn't know how to fix it.  Didn't even know what it all meant.
He felt that pull deep inside him again, to fall to his knees and praise his Father, but it was faint enough to ignore at the moment.
, and it made Dean's heart ache.  He didn't think it would ever stop feeling like a punch to the gut whenever he was presented with how fucked up angels were.
, it said on the label.  He wondered what that was.  It worked quite well.  He wasn’t sure how he felt about the implications of a human drug working so effectively on him but he felt better now than when Dean had first given it to him; as if the drug had settled into him more solidly.
Dean sighed and leaned back in his chair. All of this could not have gone more wrong. What if he was in some kind of angel coma? What if he
Dean turned his head to glance at him but found that those ocean blue eyes were already fixed on his face and his smile widened reassuringly.  Cas' expression wasn't closed off but it was cautious; wary, like he was scared of something and it made the balloon swelling in Dean's chest deflate a little.  Did Cas think Dean was going to wrench his hand back?
“It’s ok,” and the careful, gentle way Dean spoke was like a nail through Castiel’s heart.  He very narrowly stopped himself from clutching his chest, once again left wondering
Panic flashed in Cas’ eyes and Dean swallowed bile.  His voice shook with restraint as he allowed the office to back him out the door.
Hannah suddenly waltzed right between them, the kit of clams still under her arm, and she went to stand beside Sam.
He nodded, the only bit of advice he intended to take, and stepped through the door.  It was pulled closed behind him but he didn’t even notice.
“Move quietly,” Cas told them needlessly as he continued up the road, moving cautiously.  He kept glancing over his shoulder to the spot Dean had pointed to like he could see through the brush.
"You ever had one of these?!"  Sam cried, gesturing to the bottle.  It seemed a lot bigger now that he'd had a taste of its contents.
Which, ironically, is exactly what the officers would think, except they thought Castiel was looking to him because he wasn’t sure if he was allowed to tell them Dean had beaten him.
Dean’s hand was on his wing again, still this time, but warm and heavy.  Castiel pulled himself off of the battlefield and back into his bedroom.  Found himself staring into concerned green eyes.
“We got a call for a domestic disturbance in this room,” one of them said.  He was a huge man, almost as tall as Sam, but with none of the kindness that permeated his brother’s mannerisms.  He had dark skin and a no-nonsense expression that demanded even more respect with the grey around his temples.
“Left behind...?” he coaxed. He was pretty sure he understood what Cas meant but didn't want to assume anything, wanted Cas to get used to speaking his mind, even if his mind didn't always make sense.
Castiel shifted, his blue eyes stormy, and Dean could hear and feel the water swishing around their legs.
of tension the next day.  They were saying all these uncomfortable things to each other as well.  About things Castiel had no memory of.  About things that had happened between the brothers long before Castiel had entered their lives.
Hands on his hips and feathers bristling, Castiel stared down at Dean with pursed lips for a long moment before simply saying, “You are incredibly irritating sometimes, do you know that?”
The brothers shared a look and Dean scratched the back of his head, emberassed. At the time, Cas hadn't let on that he'd noticed either of them staring, but aparently Dean hadn't been as sneaky about it as he thought he had.
Feeling as if a weight were pulling him down, Dean sat on the edge of his bed wondering what ‘personal items’ would even look like for an angel.  They didn’t really need
Hulda beckoned the dark-haired woman to follow her and the two of them crossed the room and disappeared into what was obviously a kitchen, from what Dean could see from the bar.
Castiel had seen Dean vomit on a number of occasions and the look on the hunter’s face now was indicative of it.
Of course, Castiel was an angel, but if Dean wanted to prove to him that he was just as much a part of this little family as him and Sam were then Dean was going to have to consider things he had never wanted to bother with before.
"Thank you, Thorygg.  How can we repay your kindness?"  Castiel asked sincerely as he rejoined them.
“You're smiling again,” Castiel remarked gently, his voice as soft as the mist that surrounded them.  “You do that a lot now,” he added with a smile of his own.
Dean’s hand clamped around his wrist and his arm was pushed back down and then he was quickly shoved in the direction of the dorms.
He swallowed, meeting the angel’s eye and feeling the outrage leave him as suddenly as it had come.  Cas didn’t believe them, he realized.  He knew he was trapped here.  Hell, Dean had literally forbidden him from leaving until this was all sorted out.
As if giving him the chance to obey, the pressure receded.  He sat up, willing to do anything in that moment to keep those jaws from snapping closed around him again.  He forced his eyes open and locked them on to Dean’s.
After several long seconds of Castiel and Mary staring each other down, Dean’s shoulders slumped even farther, if possible.  He couldn’t look his mother in the eye when he asked her to give them some space.
Dean swallowed the bile rising in his throat and rushed towards the necromancer that had fired the bolt of electricity at Cas and swung his sword with a savage cry, relishing the look of surprise on the necro's face right before he sliced through his shoulder and down into his chest, the blade cutting through flesh and the force cutting through bone.
unlikely.  Astronomically unlikely, actually.”  Sam’s tongue darted out to lick his lips, his eyes wide and curious.
He turned his back to the brothers, moved to the potions table, and started rummaging through his satchel.
Castiel took a deep breath, relishing the freedom to do so.  “But those were clean.  Painless.  More like paralysis than anything else.  This one…it gets to the point where I can’t even think properly.  It’s…” he swallowed his pride, “It’s terrifying.  And it gets there faster and faster each time the sigil fades.  Have...have you ever heard of the World Serpent?” Because really, if they knew what Jormungandr was, he could just say it feels like being clamped in his jaws and crushed in his coils.  Instead of trying to
There was a fifth vampire straddling Cas' hips, sneering as the angel snarled and bucked under him, trying to throw him off.
Carefully, and with Dean's help, Castiel used his good arm to heave himself off the back seat and swung his legs out the door.  Once he was sitting up, Dean made him sit still while he held Cas’ face in his hands and looked into his eyes.  Not difficult given that Cas was swaying where he sat.
Knowing he would be unable to stop the brute force of the man’s first swing, Sam threw himself to the ground, deflecting a second downward blow of the sword with a swing of his axe, and then rolled to his feet while the bandit regained his balance.
They were huge, quite simply put, and the ease and dexterity with which they moved seemed at odds with their size.  Cas moved them like they weighed nothing at all, moved them just like he moved his arms.  In the firelight, the white and tawny browns looked even softer, but it was the first time Dean had seen them in full and he caught sight of a few flecks of black in the feathers closer to the angel's body that he hadn’t been able to see earlier.
Which the squirrel accepted like it didn’t care it had nearly just died, holding it between adorable tiny paws and sitting still and calm on the angel’s shoulder while it mowed through the sweet stick.
All in all, it didn't weigh near as much as Dean had been expecting, but it was certainly still noticable and even just standing doing nothing, he was starting to feel a bit warm.
Dean wondered what the hell was going on, but then that was nothing new.  He'd often observed the two angels in similar situations, picking up a conversation that had dropped off centuries ago like only minutes had passed.  Referencing moments shared between them over the course of their vast existence that Dean would probably never know about.  They exuded such an easy camaraderie, such a fluidity to the way they acted around one another and communicated with one another that spoke of a very, very long friendship and it tugged sickeningly at Dean.  He'd never have that with Castiel.
Dean smiled through the cold tightness in his throat and saw one corner of Cas' mouth try to imitate him. “Don't worry, I'll help you look.”
When the reached the double doors, Dean paused to look behind them, where he could just see the mix of thatched and shingled rooftops of the houses and buildings in the city below.  Beyond the city walls, many, many miles away, was that impossibly massive mountain that loomed over them even at this distance.  It was so high that its top disappeared into the clouds, leaving its true height a mystery.
He successfully managed to drift somewhere between asleep and consciousness for a while, far enough under to not feel the magnitude of his many discomforts but awake enough to hear Sam and Dean start shouting at each other down the hall.
A handful of Red clover heads and daisies were piled on the top step, carried by whatever wind Castiel had sent them on from whatever little nook he would be spending the night in, and dropped on their doorstep.
." Dean's heart hammered against his ribs and his face felt a little wet and he couldn't look at Sam.
But Castiel wasn’t listening, because ice had just encased him from his toes to the tips of his hair.
Dean knew that foundation had once been strong, years and years ago, back before they treated Cas like something that could not be mentally or emotionally wounded every time they turned their back on him for something they thought was more important.  Dean sometimes laid awake at night, wondering what had been the final blow, wondering what event had been the wrecking ball to that seemingly unbreakable faith Castiel had in them.
But he was getting fed up with all the waiting and the paperwork and the playing by the rules.  His patience was evaporating and he was only a few Dean-stay-calm’s away from driving the Impala through the front door and shooting anyone who got in the way of him saving his angel.
Castiel’s lips twitched on their own as he recalled the memories.  He realized that Liam was right.  He felt warm just thinking about it.
Cas suddenly leaned up, his mouth hovering so close to Dean's that he could feel the angel's warm breath on his face, and then Castiel's lips were pressing against his and Dean sighed, feeling dizzy.
It was odd, Dean noted dazedly, that he had never heard Cas talk so much in one sitting.  He made a mental note through the fog in his brain to remind the angel to breathe now and then, even though he didn’t have to.
With an agonized sound, Sam’s grip tightened again, and he looked away, as if he couldn’t bare to look Castiel in the eye.  Rolling his head, Castiel could see a fat strip of leather under Sam’s hand, in which there were engraved Enochian sigils that he could tell were meant to dampen his strength.  Or heighten their own against him, it was hard to tell with most of them hidden beneath Sam’s hand, but it explained how they were managing to hold him down.
Castiel resisted the urge to snap, and shoved the anger out.  “I don’t know what you want me to say, Dean,” he said bluntly, because it was the truth.
"You are so bright sometimes,” Cas murmured, like he was talking to himself.   “It almost hurts to look at you…like looking into the sun.”
The door to the bathroom suddenly opened and Cas walked out in a billowing cloud of steam, golden skin gleaming and slick, wet hair sticking up every which way and nothing but a towel slung low on his hips.
But Cas was snuggled down deep in the mounds of blankets and pillows and towels and all Dean could see of him was the curve of one wing.  His feathers were fluffed up, like Dean had seen the little songbirds outside do when it started getting chilly out.  The sight made something warm blossom in Dean’s chest like a delicate flower.  Without thinking, he took a moment to relish the feeling and hold on to it.  The last week had been full of so many dry heaves and anxiety attacks and horrific revelations that something this sweet was like stumbling upon an oasis in the desert.
Castiel threw her a shit-eating grin that, Dean noted with pride, he could only have learned from him.  “Oh, I disagree.”
” he screamed as his wrists were pinned to the leading edge of his wings and he was pressed into the floor.  “
Through the window slits, the sound of rainfall punctuated the necromancer’s stubborn silence and heavy breathing.
Castiel's lips twitched, the noise in his head receding. What an odd creature he'd thought Dean to be, trying to kill an angel with a thin piece of silver. Castiel had almost laughed.
His stomach twisted, feeling sick with just the thought of getting in to a head space where Cas was some creature to be caught in a snare.  A headspace Cas already believed they were in.
There was so much he wanted to say and just had no energy with which to say it.  Besides which, Dean would not listen anyway.  Dean did not like to talk, not about anything important.  Not about anything that mattered.
Crowley was smirking – though that might just be permanent by now – when he stopped in front of Dean.
By the time Dean had followed Sam down to the water to splash some on his face it was already getting lighter out and the trio set out across the rolling hills once more.  Cas had them following the creek, insisting that it was flowing from East to West after glancing at the sky and turning his face into the wind.  How that told him the directional flow of the water, Dean didn't know and was too tired to ask.  The last thing he needed before sunrise was a twenty-minute lecture on what was probably some kind of obscure physics.
Their destination was within sight but it was easy to tell it would take more than an hour to reach it.
Cas leaned forward, his hands digging into the sand on either side of Dean's head, grinding down with the newfound leverage and it was only seconds later that Dean felt his orgasm building low in his gut.
“There's the college way the hell up there,” Dean said, spotting the scribbled 'Mage College' near the top of the map.  A little tower was drawn in between a lot of jagged looking mountain peaks, next to a tiny little town marked ‘Winterhold’.  “That is
Dean didn't dignify that with a response. There was no way he could sleep now that he knew Cas was up, besides he'd caught a few hours earlier.
They'd walked towards the water, far enough now that the cabins had been swallowed by fog behind them, and now Dean really did feel like he was standing in the middle of an endlessly flat plain.  It was vaguely unsettling and he glanced over his shoulder, seeing nothing but a wall of grey.
Dean couldn't help but agree.  Hot beef stew and honey bread?  Just the thought was making his mouth water.
"Oh, not us..."  Sam pointed to Cas, who had submerged himself into the water deep enough that only his eyes and wing joints were still sticking out of the water.
He didn't hold back letting his hands wander, but Dean did stay aware of the fact that this was all new territory to the angel.  He kept his movements slow and gentle, let touches in new places linger to give Cas a chance to tell him no.
Castiel agreed.  Yesterday, when his emotions had been so heavy they’d literally almost killed him, stepping outside had been miraculously soothing.  Being able to feel the open air and see the stars had made him feel safer at once.  He hadn’t realized how comforting it was to have the sky overhead, until he’d been forced underground.
Sam had made an irritating cooing noise when they'd walked into the sitting room and spotted the two angels and Dean had had to refrain from outright growling.  But he knew they would both like the blanket he'd found, thank you very much, even though he'd bought it more for Cas because, well, that's just how it was.  But Dean was not going to let his jealousy change how he treated either Cas or Hannah.  His...issues where Castiel was concerned were his own problems and he was done projecting his own anger and self loathing onto other people.  Cas – and Hannah – didn't deserve to be snapped at constantly and get the cold shoulder from one of the few friends they had and, as anyone would, they would have eventually assumed Dean's treatment meant he disliked them and would have left.
in the language of the dragons.  They are warriors, with the body of a mortal and the soul of a dragon, who's destiny it is to destroy the dragon God, Alduin.  The World-Eater.  So much knowledge has been lost to time but long ago, after Kyne took pity on the shattered hearts of men and bestowed upon them the gift of speaking as dragons do,
Cas turned and glanced at the water.  “Yes.  It's run-off from the mountains and is purer that what you drink in the Bunker.”
The town was ruined.  There wasn't a single house left standing and piles of the city wall had spilled into what was left of the streets.  Wooden beams jutting out from collapsed houses were charred black and, if he looked closely, Dean could see a burned hand under a pile of rubble not too far away, fingers curled in agony.
It had been years since Dean had been in Maine.  Last time had been for a hunt too; of course, why else would they go somewhere but for a hunt?  For
Eventually the roar between his ears calmed and there was a mess of debris left over, strewn about like the leftovers after a tornado. He started sifting sluggishly through the mess, trying, at least, to find the memory of where he was
Sam chuckled.  "I dunno, Cas could probably give them a run for their money.  He never seems to get tired."
Castiel frowned, not understanding.  That was no surprise, he understood little these days and his brain seemed to staunchly refuse even trying.
Thankfully, Sam didn't look much better.  Though he also didn't seem to care.  What was more suprising was that Cas actually had clothes that fit him properly.
“Oh,” Sam said, looking uncomfortable and scratching the back of his head.  “Mom, this is Liam. He’s gonna…be staying here for a bit.  Liam, this is Mary.”
.  That blade had been forged from a piece of Castiel’s own body and to see it in someone else’s hands made something ugly and primal stir deep within him.
Sam stood instinctively, chair skittering accross the floor. Dean looked like he’d been about to take a step back and only just managed to stop himself.
"Friendly or unfriendly, do you think?"  Dean asked as Cas came to stand beside them.  There was nothing obvious about the horses that told them anything – good or bad – about their owners.
“This is awesome,” Sam laughed, holding a dark green tunic up for inspection.  It was a dense fabric, probably wool, with sturdy stitching, and was clearly previously owned.
“What's wrong?”  Dean asked.  Both he and Sam crowded close to the angel, trying to follow his line of sight.
,” he muttered urgently, glancing over his shoulder, then out the window, then over Dean’s shoulder to where the door was.  He looked back up, his blue eyes at once wild and weary.
“We’ll take the deal. How soon can your angel expert get here?”  Dean spoke evenly into the phone, relieved to hear that none of the heartache that had carved a home in his chest came through in his voice.  The last thing he wanted was for Crowley to figure out just how badly they needed him.
“And don't, you know, be angry with Hannah, she's just worried about you.  She uh, she really cares about you, you know.”
being the key word.  Sam had tried too and mostly they’d just gotten a confused head tilt in response.  Then suspicion after that, like he thought they were trying to manipulating him in to something by pretending to care about him – that had hurt like a bitch.  Then outright avoidance had followed, wherein Cas had seemed both puzzled and irritated by their suddenly nice behaviour towards him and had refused to answer any question they asked him at all for two weeks.  Which had also hurt like a bitch.
But today was already better, with the exception of the incident in the library, and Dean aimed to keep it that way.
Dean switched to humming the rest of his tune, his voice rumbling over Castiel like thunder rumbled through the roof of the Impala.  The comfort of it settled into his weary bones and he let his feathers fluff up, feeling Dean’s hand freeze midway down his wing.
Dean wished he was wearing the glasses now, realizing he was staring intensely at Cas’ eyes and wishing he could see the colors flashing through them himself.
Liam waited, patient and professional, while they wrapped their heads around it.  And Dean had questions, he really did, but there was too much swirling around in his head and he was just too tired to sort through it all.  Angels – Cas – ate souls like humans ate food? Had Cas been…been consuming human souls in secret all this time?  He thought back to when Cas had opened purgatory for the power of the souls and just didn’t understand.
Cas gave him a sidelong look and then a single nod.  He folded his wings halfway and then every single feather fluffed dramatically, all at once, making them look twice as big.  He shook them violently enough that his whole body jerked and he staggered a bit, before all the feathers settled back into place, laying smooth and flat and sleek once more.
remember most of the shows he'd watched, only that there had been sound and colour and something to focus on besides the rips and holes in his grace.
Castiel expressed their thanks and the three of them climbed the small hill.  There was a larger tent sitting there and Dean could only assume that Thorygg was the commander of the little encampment.  The larger tent was dome shaped and held only a sturdy wood table in the center and a cast iron fire bowl in the corner for light and warmth.
He opened his mouth to call out, to let them know he was coming, to fetch his blade, because they had to re-carve the sig-
, no – ahh!”  Castiel couldn’t help the laughter bubbling from his throat and he pushed his feet into the sofa cushions, trying to get away from Sam’s wriggling fingers but getting nowhere due to Dean sitting solid and warm at his back, grabbing his arms so he couldn’t slap Sam’s hands away.
He tightened his arm around Cas’ shoulders, pulling him closer, letting Sam stand in front of them.  “It’s ok, Cas.”
Eventually they reached the other side of the pass and finally began walking steadily down, down, down, back into the foothills where the trees started showing up again.  This time some birch and other leafy kinds mixed in with the pine and firs.  The wind gradually backed off and then disappeared all together and the bite in the air receded.
“Is this enough?” Castiel asked, gesturing to the tool kit and wiping at his forehead with the back of his wrist.  His long fingers were coated with wet sand.
Of course, Cas shrugged him off and grumbled something about being perfectly fine and Dean sighed, feeling his heart rate calm.  If Cas was able to be grumpy about being coddled then he probably
They had stopped outside a building that had to look of an inn – long and with many evenly spaced windows – and Cas turned to climb the stairs to the door.
Unperturbed by the aggressive display of Castiel's wings but feeling his gut twist at the growing panic etching itself into the tense set of Cas’ posture, Dean took slow and careful steps towards him, making sure his body language stayed loose and open while trying to ignore the sudden feeling that he’d somehow betrayed Cas by bringing two strangers here.
All through Castiel's explanation the Jarl steadily straightened in his chair, the bored look on his face tightening into a frown of intrigue.
“It’s ok, you didn’t have to.  You’re literally falling over.  If you want, you can tell us about it later, when you’re feeling better.  Come on, you need some rest.  We’ll help you up.  C’mon.  One, two, three!”
Dean stepped in to the room and immediately moved away from the doorway so he wasn’t blocking Cas’ only escape rout, walking around to lean against the wall several feet away as casually as he could manage.  It was no easy feat, given how his heart felt like it was in a vice and Cas was watching him like he’d caught the scent of wolf in the air.
Three necromancers scrambled out of the chairs they'd been lounging in and Dean drew his sword, hearing Sam ready his axes and Cas notch another arrow.
With warmth spreading through his chest, Dean curled his arm around Cas' shoulders, pulling him closed and pressing his lips to the top of the angel's head. Fresh air and rain water - ridiculous. He couldn't stop smiling.
“I must!”  He tried to pull himself free of Dean’s grip, but he was too weak without his grace.  He beat his wings in great, sweeping gusts, kicking up dust and papers and making Dean’s flannel shirt flap wildly behind him.
Cas to know how much he was wanted and how much he was cared for. He just hoped it didn't send the angel running.
Once they were back at the open gates, Dean inspected the rusted sword of the bandit he had taken down earlier, hoping it might be a good replacement for his greatsword.  But the blade was dull and sat, loose in the pommel.  It was no good.  The Orc’s greatsword was even bigger and heavier than Dean’s and the third bandit – the one Cas had immediately taken out with his first arrow – had nothing but a cheap looking bow.
Now…now he rested his elbows on the roof of the car and threaded his fingers into his hair, trying to slow his breathing, noticing for the first time the coldness that was spreading through his gut and the tight feeling in his chest – like there was a thick rubber band around his rib cage.
Castiel scowled at Dean’s back.  Easy to say when he wasn’t the one walking around with no shirt and no grace.  The bunker was
Had he ever wondered, as he watched Sam or Dean impale another one of his species on the end of their own blades, if he might die by their hands one day?  Dean supposed he didn’t have to wonder.
Castiel merely smiled back until he was up to his ribs in the water, and then sunk down, pushing his wings under all at once.  His eyes slid closed and he sighed, looking as if the cool water was soothing a hurt Dean could not see.
His grace pulsed, as if reacting to a threat, throbbing like a thumb he had just smashed with a hammer.  He glanced down at the sigil, noting that his grace was no longer visible.  It was healing already.
“Yes, well, this time was no exception.  Around the time I was last on Nirn, the Imperials had control of Whiterun.  Now it seems the city is on neutral ground. Do you rememebr the banners flying at the city gates and at the Jarl's Hall?  The white ones with the golden horses head?  Those are Whiterun banners, not faction banners.  I don’t know much more than that, unfortunately. That is all Elrindir had time to tell me while he was modifying my armor.”
A hand on his shoulder made him jump, and he shoved Dean away with his left wing out of reflex alone, already apologizing as he pulled the feathered arm back to his side and curled it protectively around his shoulder.
, he told his coiled muscles. This wasn't how he was used to tackling things. Gentle was not his usual strategy, but seeing Cas curled into a tiny, shaking ball soothed the ingrained urge to make himself bigger, to tower over Cas and fight off his demons, because there was nothing here for him to grab on to, nothing to kill.
of his brothers and sisters were experiencing the same horror, the same despair, the same agony…and it was all his fault.
learned fear of disappointing you, do you think that Castiel’s conscience would have allowed them to consume human souls in secret after that?”
because he’s not suffering as much as he thinks he should!”  Dean spread his arms incredulously, “How the fuck are we supposed to tackle this, Sam?!  How are we supposed to singlehandedly reverse billions of years of angelic brainwashing and military conditioning and whatever the fuck else?!  And that’s on top of whatever Chuck programmed into their brains that can’t be changed
“Okay,” Dean glanced across the table, sharing a look with his brother.  “First things first, when was the last time you ate?  I mean before the pizza,” he added, seemingly reading Castiel’s mind.  “Because you threw that up, so it doesn’t count.”
Sam nodded, staring unblinking into the fire.  “I kinda like it here, though.  It's so different from home.  Quieter, simpler.”
The order might as well have been a pry-bar between Castiel’s teeth and he growled, trying again to pull free from Dean’s grip.
He stepped into the cool water, nearly biting his tongue in half to stop the squeal of shock.  It was fucking
She hastily wiped away her tears before they could fall.  “What I am trying to say is that Castiel, and many others, are finding this sudden calm very disconcerting.  For the first time they have nothing to fight.  No battle to plan, no enemy to kill…and with the war in their heads quiet, they're starting to feel dormant instincts.  Because they've never had the chance to truly learn what they are, they think these natural thoughts and urges are foreign, instead of the other way around.
They decided to sit on the large patch of soft moss – really, it was the only place to sit besides in the water or the clunky softball sized rocks – and shared the sandwiches, crackers and cheese they’d made up the night before.  The fresh coconut, which Dean had packed in a little Tupperware container specifically for Cas, was promptly commandeered by the angel, who then wandered away back over to the water, quite obviously not ready to sit down and share a meal with Jessy and Cesar.
Normally, this is the point where the two of them would curl up in the nest of blankets in front of the fire place and sleep for a few hours but neither of them looked particularly tired.
The tide was out, far, far out, and the sand bar stretched between them and the water for a quarter of a mile.  Flat and rippling in places where the water was trapped.  A bit father down from the parking lot, just on the edge of the sand, he could see vague formations that must be the little cabins and he told them to follow as he led the way, each of them with a bag in their hand to share the load.
He felt like a wet paper bag – that was full of rocks.  And people kept throwing more rocks in.  Soon he was just going to rip open and his blood and innards would just slop onto the floor.
“He would be considered a demigod by the people here.  That is, if he even stayed long enough to make a name for himself,” Cas was staring at him intently now, his blue eyes shining in the golden firelight, waiting for Dean’s next question.
“You should both go to sleep now,” Cas grumbled, giving each of them a sharp look.  “I want to keep moving at first light.  The city should not be far.  Maybe a few hours walk at most.”
Cas' face twitched with a displeased expression, blue eyes wide and focused on the double doors of the warehouse some hundred yards away.  They were in a stand of trees nearby, the light breeze rustling the leaves around them and creating the perfect cover for their hushed conversation and small movements.
“Cas?”  Dean called hesitantly, acutely aware of the volume of his voice and what mysterious creatures may be lurking in the dark, just out of sight.  In his mind’s eye, images of slime-covered beasts with too many eyes and teeth were watching him from the bushes.
It snapped it’s head around and Castiel went flying through the air and hit the wall, the concrete giving under the impact and jarring him more than he’d ever admit.  His teeth rattled together and his true form shuddered within his vessel, leaving him dizzy.
“Why?”  Castiel asked, easing the arrow back as incentive.  “Why would they want to turn Paarthurnax against man again?”
Cas seemed to think about it, staring into his cooling coffee mug like it was a crystal ball.  He looked despondent, miserable, and exhausted, which was why it came as such a surprise when he suddenly chuckled.
The brothers were both crouching in front of him, talking, asking if he was ok, asking what was happening.
"We'll sit in front of the fire as soon as we find our rooms," Dean promised, giving the angel's shoulder a little squeeze.
And now he was living that same terrifying moment over and over, in the place where Dean wanted him to feel safe, with the people Dean wanted him to trust.
He cleared his throat, there was no point in dwelling on something he already knew.  Even if the confirmation was upsetting.
“Nope, I grew up in the North, up in Winterhold.  Town not much bigger than this, actually.”  There was a fond look in Wilhelm’s brown eyes and he continued without being prompted.  “I had the itch that every child gets at some point, to go explore the world and do something exciting.  I moved to Windhelm first but the people there,” he shook his head disapprovingly, “Not very welcoming to outsiders.”
Cas had looked in to his eyes and there had been real fear there.  He’d told them being in the bunker with three hunters scared him.  It had been hard to hear and Dean immediately tried to convince himself that he just misunderstood what Cas meant.
Cas, as fluidly and effortlessly as his arms and legs.  It was obvious that they were a natural part of him – more natural than any other part of the face and body Dean knew.
, Dean realized.  Cas leaned into him heavily and, given how stubborn he was when it came to admitting he was hurt and asking for help, Dean was understandably concerned.
Dean swallowed, took a deep breath and tried something else. “It's November third, 2016. It snowed last night, Sam was bitching 'cause I made him shovel out the doorway even though he knew it was his turn.” He bit down on his lip, letting the harsh sting distract him enough to loosen the tightness in his vocal chords. The last thing Cas needed to hear was Dean's voice shaking. “He went to the grocery store an hour ago to get some more food. Gonna make some burgers when he gets back 'cause we think you might be losing weight. I know you're sleeping while you try to heal up – well, you're trying to sleep, at least...” Dean glanced over at the heated blanket where it was half pulled onto the floor, the plug having been wrenched from the wall. “So, uh...” he roughly cleared his throat, trying to dislodge the lump forming there. “So I'm gonna make some stuff I know you like and hopefully...”
“Yeah, sorry,” Sam was saying, “Adrianne and her husband made us try literally everything.  But hey, check it out.”  He reached down to each hip removed the two steel axes from their wide leather holding loops, twirling them around impressively.  The craftmanship was striking; the blade shined to perfection and there were beautifully intricate swirls carved into the side of the heads.
“The etheric plane can be described as a field or layer of...energy or existence.  It is the fourth subplane of the physical plane, the lower three being the states of solid, liquid and gaseous matter.  But just as with any other form of matter, it cannot self generate.  It needs a catalyst and a fuel.  In the case of the etheric plane, the energy discharged by the black holes at the center of many galaxies is what generates the energy plane in the first place.  The farther from the powerhouse of the black hole you get, the weaker the energy and the thinner the etheric plane becomes until it just disappears entirely.  Nirn is actually so far from the center of Messier Object-104 that it is
Last time, Cas had seemed somewhat happy chasing bees or smelling flowers or however the hell he'd spent his time when he was crazy. But now there was a haunted, hollow look in his eyes and whenever he drifted again Dean knew he wasn't anywhere good.
!”  he hissed urgently, power walking to catch up to them and trying not to let his sword and armor make too much noise.
He let his eyes trail over the arches of Castiel's dark wings, lingering on the lighter browns and then sliding down to where the dark chocolate turned to burnt amber near the tips.
“So,” Crowley said, pulling Dean back to the present, “knowing that a lot of spell work relies on the
He was ready to be in a bed immediately and told Sam to go grab a room while he started the task of waking the angel in the back seat and getting him out of the car.
So he didn't tell them to leave him the hell alone.  He didn't remind them that he still had the power to tear this bunker to the ground.  He didn't stand up and grab the table by the legs and shatter it against the wall.
The walls came down, quickly and violently, his focus scattered in the storm, and he sank to his knees.  Bringing the point of his blade back up, he braced it with his other hand, but it too was shaking.
consent…sort of.  Cas said he wanted the pain to stop.  Well, if Crowley made good on his deal, it would.  Eventually.  It was just going to take a lot of work.
This time Cas and Hannah did not immediately turn it into a competition and merely continued to stare at him silently, their wings folded loose and at ease against their backs – a contrast to their stoic gazes – as if awaiting orders.
Cas threw up his hand – the simple gesture somehow managing to feel like a command – and Sam snapped his jaw shut.  Cas pointed with the same hand, towards the alchemy station, and Dean saw the shadows shift.  A man in black robes came away from the surrounding shadows, bending over the table.
,” he moaned, begged, when he felt large hands on him again, holding him down when he tried to struggled free. He knew there was no point, knew this was not something he could escape, but some primitive part of his brain was refusing to let him succumb to it without a fight. It made him
The plates were simple and carved from wood and the goblets were forged clay painted blue.  None of which Dean even noticed as he shoved two forkfuls of pie into his mouth one after the other.  The sweet, sweet desert tasted a million times better than he ever remembered and his stomach growled, greedy for more.  He obliged, finishing the first slice in mere seconds and trying his best to pause and savour the tartness of the apples, the heat of the cinnamon and the perfect flakiness of the crust.
Strangely, he felt hollow, which was an improvement over the torrential downpour of emotions he’d been dealing with lately.  It was at odds with what had just transpired.  He felt like he should feel more…more
Dean still didn’t look up.  The blade was clean now, but he kept running the cloth over it all the same.
"Alright, thanks for the tip, Sam, we'll check in when we find out more.  Send me the details of that missing persons report."  Dean hung up and looked to Cas.  "Let's roll.  By the time we get there it should be dark and hopefully the cops'll be gone."
For a while he simply sat and stared at his wall, numb, thinking of nothing at all while he continued to breathe.
“I was thinking about that, actually,” Sam contemplated as the trio picked their way through the trees.  “The drunk guy said she ran into town in rags with ropes still around her wrists.  Kinda sounds like she escaped something more than the dragon attack.”
“He’s telling the truth, Cas.  We want to help you.  We want you to tell us what you need.  And…we want to talk to you more openly and directly but…it’s hard.  We’re trying to figure out how to talk to you in a way you’ll understand better.  We want to show you how much you matter to us; how much we care about you.  And we want to understand you better too.”
“Who gave the order?”  Dean asked.  He crossed his arms over his chest, trying to look more intimidating.
thought it might be weird.  After all the crazy shit they'd seen in their life, wings on an angel was pretty low on the list.
Liam peered at him through his glasses.  “You’ve got quite the hold on yourself at the moment, haven’t you?  I know it’s difficult, but I’m going to ask you to come back to us now.  We’re going to do it together, and we’re going to do it gently, alright?
The cave beckoned to him even as the icy wind at his back pushed him towards its mouth.  It was probably so much warmer inside and Dean was about to suggest they stop and rest for a bit, take some time to warm up out of the wind, but Castiel grabbed them each by the arm, shaking his head and looking  worried as he peered past them and into the blackened cave entrance.
Cas, who had just saved a tiny animal from drowning.  Cas, with his stupid beautiful wings and his soft smiles.  Cas, who picked medicinal wild flowers for his brother to make tea with.
humans had evolved enough to make cars? After? It felt like just yesterday he'd had to politely ask Leonardo DaVinci to stop desecrating the dead in the name of science....
“Fear,” he barked raggedly, satisfied to note that it wasn’t him that scent was coming from.  He was too angry to be scared.
They both watched with their mouths hanging open as Cas ruffled his feathers violently, shaking free a few pieces of bark from the tree he'd just crawled under and a whole lot of dust that shimmered around him in a cloud, caught in the morning sunlight.  Then the feathers all smoothed down sleek and organized once more, and Cas was off, continuing up the road.
Sam groaning loudly as he stretched again broke the remaining tension and Cas returned to his spot in front of the fireplace.
“Simply that.  He may not be a fully grown seraph yet and so is much smaller than the dosage I prepared for him.”
They really needed to discuss just where this spell had been found.  Castiel was almost convinced it was sentient.  He clutched at his chest, fingernails catching on open skin and slipping in blood, and the binding tightened.
The worst part was the moment Cas realized where he was and what had happened.  The roar of imminent annihilation had stopped, but, in its place, something terrifying and indescribable had replaced it.  It had sounded like the ringing of a thousand brass instruments all working together to blast a complicated harmony of noise; it had been simultaneously beautiful and bone chilling.
Cas smelled like a passing thunderstorm – he blinked through the dark, trying to make his human eyes see through it.  He’d almost expected to be able to see Cas glowing like he was radioactive or something.  Or see extra limbs or…
Castiel brushed past the man who merely shrugged and tugged on his horse’s reins and the two of them continued like they'd never stopped.
This wasn’t so bad, he reasoned.  If this was all meditation had to be then he could totally get on board with it.  He’d always thought people who obsessed over it were a bit…something left of center.  But this was alright.  In fact, it was…kinda nice, even.
Lips pursed unhappily and brown eyes darting to where Sam was standing silently behind Dean, Owen finally pulled the pen from her pocket and scribbled something on her clipboard, ripping the paper off and handing it to Dean.  He looked at the short list of official legal form names, shoved it in his breast pocket and left without another word to Doctor Owen.
A deep coldness spread through Dean gut and into his chest.  “Cas…where did she use the drill on you?”  If he hadn’t been so frozen with dread, he might have had the wherewithal to realize that was probably a terrible way of asking such a delicate question.
, Cas.  If this soup turns out to be gross you can have something else – it's almost done!”  Dean finished loudly, when Cas looked back down at the apples again.  “
Their relationship with Crowley was…weird and uncomfortable.  To say the least.  Dean didn’t like to think about it too much.
one.  Bragging rights, you understand,” Sam interjected.  “So, we just want to find this woman, maybe pay her off to stay out of our way.”
Castiel blinked and suddenly his brain was coming back on line, flickering to life like power returning to chunks of a city.  This was a mission.  This was something he could latch on to, something he could strengthen himself with against the earthquake.
After a few more moments of less tense chit-chat, Thorygg rose and headed back towards his big tent on the hill.
In fact, looking from one man to the next, Castiel suddenly realized the conversation was unnaturally ridiculous even for the Winchester brothers.   They weren’t –
He slumped to the floor while the screams grew louder between his ears and the phantom echoes of agony turned solid and slid their hooks into him, getting ready to pull him back down.
Dean hadn't even finished giving Cas a nod before he struck like a viper, cleaving the vamp's head from his shoulders.
No one approached them, but Dean could see some people at other tables glancing or scowling in their direction.  He made sure to glare back, silently willing any of them to get up and try something.
Cas finally looked up from the water and to the brothers where they stood a good ten feet away, and his eyes locked on Dean as he stood slowly, his wings flexing at his back in a movement that probably meant something Dean wished he could understand.
Sam gave him a sidelong look.  “Is it bad that I kinda actually trust him a little?  At least, I don’t think he’s lying about what he told us.”
“There are four of them,” Cas' eyes opened and the light of his grace faded slowly in the dark.  “One is asleep and stationary.  Two others, awake and stationary...” he pointed to a corner of the ceiling.  “There.  The last is pacing.”
Cas gave another third of the coins to Sam and then shoved the rest back in to his own bag.  “Go then.  Get what you need from the Blacksmith and come back here to this spot when you are done.  Then I think it would be a good idea to get something else to eat from the inn before we head out.”
It was a stark contrast to the sleek and agile wings they had been looking at since they’d gotten here and Dean felt himself blinking stupidly at the slumbering angel while he tried hard to reconcile the two opposing forms Cas could apparently take.
When he turned to walk to the opposite edge of the tower, shoving aside the thought of having to deal with snow, the first thing his eye caught was a strange looking structure.  It was far, far in the distance, built into the side of another mountain.  Three huge stone arches grouped close together in front of – he squinted – an unnaturally smooth rock face, chiseled from the surrounding stone.  It was too far away to make out much else, but Dean itched with curiosity.
He remembered, when he was a little kid and their family had still been whole, seeing a barn owl in a zoo once and couldn't help but compare it’s wings to Cas’.  Much like the barn owl’s, Cas’ wings were sleek and long, all clean lines and edges.
vulnerable.  Dean was almost certain that if they tried to cheat Crowley on this deal he would absolutely retaliate and Cas would be the one to suffer.
Once the nasty inn keeper, with her pinched face and wrinkly forehead, had left, Sam watched her go down the hall for a moment before stepping back into the room and firmly closing the double doors.
the lady in the store told me there is a super nice beach up the road a bit more with cabins you can rent for a night.  So, we go to the beach, wings and wingette get to fly, I get to eat and you can do whatever the hell you want to do.”
Dean’s fingers squeezed around his and then let go.  “Get some sleep, Cas.  We’ll have dinner when you wake up.”
Eventually he settled down again and he and the woman wandered over to where the brothers were sitting at the edge of the spring.
“But everything is wet,” Castiel reminded him, as if they could somehow forget.  “It needs to dry out.”
“She’s gonna start asking questions,” Dean muttered.  The zoo vet owed them her life, and as such had been eager to supply them with the medication they used to sedate the elephants, but this was the third vial of the sedative they’d be asking her for.
When Cas lost track of his languages, the first few sentences always came out with a lilt to the words, like he was consciously trying to
Mike was suddenly patting him down and it took him no time at all to pull the gun from the back of his pajama bottoms.
Something in Cas' voice had both Sam and Dean coming to a halt and Dean actually brought his other hand up to brace against the angel’s shoulder.
He was on his back – that was a bad start – and laying on a cold, concrete floor – an even worse start.  Groaning with the sheer amount of effort it took to move, Castiel pushed his left wing and elbow into the floor and rolled over.  Sharp heat spread through his chest, seeping down his arms and legs. He wondered if he was in a burning building.
“Wow,” Sam breathed, closing his eyes and stretching out onto his back.  “Thanks, Cas.”  He pressed the palms of his hands into his eyes.
Right off the edge of the road, where it curved away from the river a little, there was a large overhang of rock jutting from the side of a hill, leaving a cave-like space off the side of the road.  When the three of them crept around the bend, Dean felt his heart jump into his throat.
Their luck finally turned and the fire caught on the first spark; though Dean did have to blow on it so much that he was feeling light headed by the time the meager flames were able to overpower the damp twigs.  But it was worth it because now they had warmth
Liam’s voice was kind, calm, and warm, with a gentle roughness that indicated he was older.  It helped settled Dean’s nerves.  He wasn’t sure what Sam was doing with Cas, but he was confident his brother had the situation in hand. Dean still felt like a wreck and knew he would be much more useful here, filling Liam in on the situation so he could hit the ground running when he got here.
Cas looked comfortable and warm and safe in his nest.  The nest that Dean had made for him, he thought with a twinge of pride.  Dean had made him this comfortable thing and Cas was using it!  The one wing he could see was rising and falling with every breath Cas took, the blue and white feathers fluffier than Dean would have thought possible.  He’d only seen Cas’ wings when the angel was awake, and they were always sleek, the feathers all laying flat, the lines all clean.
The man grumbled something and shoved away from the wall, tottering down the hall and around the corner to the common room.
Since when had they gotten comfortable enough to slouch around the table while drinking with the King of Hell?
Cas' gentle smile returned and he looked ahead.  In the distance, a peninsula was starting to take shape in the fog.
That still happened sometimes – usually when he was least suspecting it and thought he was safe.  Though he had told Sam and Dean both that it had only happened the one time they saw.  It had been one of the few times he'd managed to say the right thing.
Dean desperately sought his brother's gaze and was relieved to see Sam looking just as lost as he felt hearing Cas and this Jarl guy talking about dragon attacks like they were as common as vampire attacks.
He didn't know when the endless torment had shifted into something more bearable, nor was there any definitive point where he'd become aware of it – just that both were fact.
He made sure it stayed down by piling a few more swigs on top of it.  Then he started talking.  If he was going to order Cas to talk then he was going to order himself to talk too.
The switchbacks eventually evened out when they crested the hanging valley between the large and small mountain and Dean came to a stop at the top of the steep hill, shifting his shoulders under his armor and resettling the weight of the sword on his back.  It was going to take some getting used to, but it was better and more comforting than the thin, wool shirt on it's own.
There was a man – presumably Jarl Balgruuf – sitting in an ornate chair at the head of the hall, his limbs sprawling all over the place and a rather bored look on his face; a shocking contrast to Irileth, who was still standing rigid and wary and ready to spring.
Hannah barked something in Enochian and Cas barked something back and if Dean didn't know better it sounded like Hannah had issued a challenge and Cas had responded with something like
Cas shifted in his seat, his shoulders rolling back and down as he continued to stare up at the sky.
All that, and his wings on top of it.  He likely looked the least human he ever had to them and wondered what they thought now that they were forced to see him like this – so far from what they were used to and yet still so far from what he actually was.
After a few moments of silence, in which Dean stared into the huge fire pit and sipped his cider, Cas dropped into the third chair between the brothers and picked up the last plate of food.
Dean cleared his throat, glancing over at Sam and knowing that his brother would raze the hell out of him for asking what he was about to ask.
He motioned for Crowley to follow him to the library, Sam following behind to make sure Crowley didn’t do anything…Crowley-like.
Making himself more vulnerable than he already was to the hunter that had just shot him wasn’t worth the small platitude for the brothers.
Needless to say, it was a sore topic and he didn’t want Crowley knowing any more about the situation than was absolutely necessary.
Dean was the first to walk out the door. Liam was standing about thirty feet away beside the silver Toyota Prius he rented.  As soon as the door opened, he’d taken a few steps towards them and the floodlight over the door was just enough to light the area well enough for everyone to see.
The guard gave him a friendly nod and Dean returned it with a tight smile and then passed through the gates to the city.
Dean’s soul was as bright and fierce as ever.  But it was throbbing like a sore thumb.  It was in pain.
Some time after lunch, when the brothers were both cursing themselves for not thinking to buy some food for the road before they left Whiterun, the clear, sunny sky was once again overtaken by a canopy of swollen clouds.
The idea wasn't as laughable as it once had been, not now that Team Free Will had expanded as it had; not now that Dean was pushing forty and his brother wasn't far behind.  His muscles seemed perpetually sore the last few years and his four hours a night was now next to impossible.  It was seven to eight hours a night or he was an absolute liability.  So yeah, sometimes Dean might think about going somewhere just for the sake of going there.  To relax.  For
“Can I safely assume the two of you will be purchasing swords or something similar?”  Castiel asked them, opening the coin purse Balgruuf had given them.
“Dean,” Cas nearly whispered, but Dean could hear it even over the noise of the waterfall.  Could hear the way his voice trembled.
The road was wide and the trio was walking shoulder to shoulder and Dean itched to fill the silence, not only because it gave any animals time to hear them coming.
The sky cleared again and Dean squinted, trying to see what Sam was talking about while silmultaneously willing his trembling arms to hold Cas' weight for just a bit longer.  Then he saw it, the reflection of water in the moonlight, right at the base of the rock.
One of the things he'd learned since Hannah had moved in was that angels could manifest their wings.  Apparently, it was no big deal; the only reason they kept them hidden was so that they didn't freak out the poor humans around them, but once the brothers had found out Dean had sat Cas down and told him in no uncertain terms that he should stop hiding from them just because he thought that
Thorygg lead them through the small camp, weaving between more tents and trees and bushes, none of which had been cut down or cleared away for the sake of camouflage.  Snow was gathering on the limbs of the tall trees around them and on the ground and Dean felt goosebumps rising on his arms against the growing chill.
With practised effort, Castiel wrenched his mind free of the claws of that particularly horrific memory.  It was one he often wished he could forget but most often found himself getting lost in.  He’d almost gotten used to not having his wings.  Almost.  As if an angel could ever become used to such an unnatural thing.
Sam’s steely don’t-fuck-with-us expression wavered when he finally saw Cas for the first time.  His gun lowered and his face went soft as he watched Cas tighten his arm around Dean’s neck and stumble beside him.
"We need gear," Sam said, rubbing at his face.  "Tents, sleeping pads, and bags to carry food, warmer clothes.  Maybe at least one horse to carry it all."
Cas suddenly drew a ragged breath, his eyes flying open. “I...I said yes to Lucifer,” he uttered with the disbelieving quality of someone who was just recalling a deeply buried memory.
She stood gracefully, moving to the back of the room and picking up a red instrument that looked like a violin with two necks.  She plucked a gentle tune and the room quieted a little.  Behind her, the crescent windows that reached from floor to ceiling had frost gathering in the corners of the panes.
“Cas’ll love them,” Sam said with certainty.  “And they’ll like Cas.  Though, we might want to ease them in to the whole angel thing.  It might be a bad shock for all three of them if they walk in to the living room and see Cas sitting there with…you know.”
Dean looked to his brother with his eyebrows raised but then shot him a stern look when he saw that Sam was fighting hard to keep the grin off his face.
'If we flew', Cas had said.  It was the first time he'd ever heard the angel slip up like that, talking to them as if they were one of Cas' kin.  As if they were family.  As if he was comfortable saying things like that around them.  It made something warm swell in Dean's chest.
“It’s too bad you can’t wear a sweater or something,” Dean said as he handed over a second pair of fleece bottoms – these ones were forest green - and glanced at his wings.
“Ok,” Dean licked his lips nervously, “Your eyes are light blue er…no, now they’re dark, like navy blue.”
After he finished off the sports drink, Castiel insisted on showering, saying he wanted to get the smell of the hospital off his skin.  While steam was billowing under the door Sam came back with an alarming amount of plastic take-out bags hanging off his arm.
“Cas, you sure you didn’t just send us back in time?” Sam only sounded like he was half joking as he asked the question out of the corner of his mouth, as if worried there was someone that might hear him and take offense.
for not reading the signs in Cas sooner, for letting Cas walk the path to this place alone.  The symptoms had all been there, like glowing neon signs screaming at him that Cas was struggling.  More than struggling, if he was honest, but Dean had been so fearful of what those symptoms indicated that it had crippled him.
No matter how many times the universe tried to crush him, Cas just kept popping back up like a daisy out of the snow.
Dean’s stance was wide, his muscles coiled solid under his tshirt, fingers spread and twitching like they wanted to grab a weapon.  It was his
His brother had lost weight during the trials, but now that he was on the mend, Dean was sparing no expense when it came to cooking up three square and ridiculously huge meals a day.  Despite the near constant churning in his gut and the never ending tingle along his nerves, Dean allowed himself a moment to appreciate how well Sam was starting to look again.  Color in his face, light in his eyes, hair clean and glossy once more.
His hand sunk down into the soft – like friggin’ cashmere – feathers a good few inches before he hit warm, solid muscle and he reflexively pulled his hand back.
Castiel sighed, tearing his eyes away from where the ties of Dean's blue apron were coming undone behind his back, and made himself focus on the text before him.
"Doesn’t really have a smell," Sam advised him.  "Cheers," he muttered gravely before raising the bottle and tipping some down his throat.
Sam was talking to him and he made an effort to listen.  They’d all been woken by his blast of grace bursting the bulbs in the dormitory wing, he was telling Castiel.   He was apologizing now too, telling him that they’d noticed the glass on the floor and had stopped to put on shoes before they left their rooms.
Castiel rubbed a hand down his face, swallowing bile at the mental image and trying to shove it away.
But he couldn’t say any of that, because then they’d just both be carted away on the grounds of being stoned out of their minds.
Cas had rolled on to his side and was taking up no more than his fair share of the mattress but it still felt like Dean was about to fall off the edge.  He laid stiffly on his back, listening to Cas’ breathing go deep and even almost immediately.  He half expected some smart ass comment from his brother but Sam was already snoring too.
are you, I’ve been trying to call you since last night!  You never called me to tell me how the hunt went, I am literally halfway through fucking Colorado, you ass hole –”
Dean choked on a laugh, scrubbing away the rest of the pins and needles behind his eyes.  “You got three hours?”
He swallowed, desperately hoping that wasn’t the case. Unfortunately, it was a likely possibility; he was in hell a
With a grin, Dean turned back to Cas, immediately noticing that his wings looked considerably puffier than they had a second ago.  The little tiny feathers all along the leading edges had fluffed up, like how hair stands on end when a person gets spooked or has goosebumps, and the wings themselves had opened a little, moving away from Cas' body where they had been tucked tight against him a moment before.
He dug through his own bag but it was empty except for a roll of crumpled parchment paper and a small bag of what sounded like coins clinking together.
.  Like a beacon in the dark, urging him to just take a few more steps, to just fight a little longer.
tell him about the wing-petting and the singing – how he’d woken up and kept right on praying.  Told him how Cas had stared at him with eerie, glowing eyes, how he had refused to speak until Dean ordered it.  Told him what Cas said about how he deserved nothing, how he felt about being shown mercy when he should be punished.  How the angel didn’t know what else to do but praise his Father and praise His mercy and just…wait.
The innkeeper grinned knowingly.  “That room there,” he pointed to the door closest to their right, at the end of one of the tables.  “It's got two beds; you can have that one.  As for something to eat we've got some stew and braided honey-glazed bread from the mill down the road.” He scratched at his chin, trying to recall what else they might have but Sam interrupted, saying that would do fine and already licking his lips.
“And if I know Feathers like I think I do, he’ll be fighting that tooth and claw all the way to the bitter end.”  He stared Dean down silently for a moment.  “It will get worse.  The longer he fights it the harder the spell will work to force him into submission.  And he
Sam gave a start of realization beside him.  “That drawing of a ram skull on the map wasn't a ram skull, it was a dragon's head.”
There were two ways Dean knew he could handle the situation.  One, he cursed and swore and stomped out of the pool, pretending to be pissed.  Or, he wiped the smirk off his brothers’ face, stopped making excuses and did something he should have done ages ago.
As it turned out, Cas hadn’t choked on his pizza, but he was curled over the sink and throwing it back up when Dean walked in to the kitchen.
he’s going to be a little skittish.  Try not to take it personally, you know exactly how he’s feeling right now.”
Sam huffed a laugh, looking unsure if Liam had just made a joke and Dean couldn’t help but share the sentiment.
Eventually, the road curved up towards the mountain and the river became choppy and loud, roaring off to their right and cutting through the rocks, making it a sheer, intimidating drop from the edge of the road down to the rapids.  As they came around the bend, the horizon was suddenly clear through an opening in the trees and Dean nearly gasped.  The lake feeding the river was laid out before them and it stretched for two miles between the sprawling mountain range they were climbing into.  The water was still and calm and the reflection of the smaller moon on its surface was flawless.  Pine trees were crammed into every inch of the meager shore line, the mountains seemed to have jumped straight out of the ground, and their snow-capped tops shone brightly in the moonlight.
Passing through the door, Castiel found, to his confusion, that his bed had been removed from the room.  In its place, three mattresses had been laid on the floor, and what had to be every free linen and pillow in the entire bunker had been laid on top.
But still, he worried he'd mess it up somehow, would do something that sent the angel running back to his room.
The still raw memory of Castiel pleading for his father's forgiveness made the smell of coffee turn sour in the back of Dean's throat and he had to turn away. Seeing Cas so fucking
Dean placed his hands on either side of Cas’ face, feeling sick.  In the back of his mind, he felt that little nudge again.
“Oh yes,” Cas said, his smirk turning into something playful.  “Adriel has been boasting of having done it in nine minutes for the last two centuries.  They’ll hate that I’ve beaten it by two full minutes.”
They were still holding him down and he almost tried to get away before he remembered to stop himself.
They'd climbed high enough now that patches of snow started appearing in the scrubby grass and bushes, making the colorful flowers still growing stubbornly from the ground a bit strange to look at.  Up ahead, the road forked again, one path leading between jagged mountain tops and the other continuing on strait, following the sloping edge of the mountain.  However, unlike last time, there was no sign there to direct them and the trio milled about undecided for a few moments.
to do something – if something ever came up for him to do.  And he desperately wished it would, because it had been just over a month since he’d told Cas to come home and they hadn’t heard from the angel since.
“What’s the problem, officers?”  He plastered on the closest thing to a smile he could summon but it did little to ease the stoic expression on either of their faces.
Sam offered the man a vapid smile, brown eyes glittering like a predator that had just cornered its prey.
“Dean,” Cas nearly whispered, sounding apologetic already, “Dean, you're talking in circles and I -” he sighed, “I don't understand what you're trying to tell me.”
He was strong, Sam was strong, and Cas was strong.  They would get through his, he told himself for what felt like the hundredth time.
The call hadn’t taken nearly as long as Dean had expected it to but, hot on the heels of a panic-attack, a three hour conversation about all the reasons why his BFF might want to kill himself left Dean feeling as gutted as a dead fish. Still, he was glad it was out of the way and that the foundation had been laid.  He’d even expressed his gratitude for Liam’s direct and efficient line of questioning.
shaking, rather hard.  He couldn’t stop it even when he tried, though he didn’t try for long.  His stupid vessel didn’t do anything it was told lately.
use his native tongue. It was an Enochian accent, Dean had realized a while ago. Cas had an accent and it was the most endearing thing Dean had ever heard.
“Sure,” Dean finally managed to answer, careful but without hesitation. He wanted Cas to know it was ok to ask for things, unlike what he'd been led to believe in the past, but he also wanted to give Cas a chance to back out if he needed to. “It's pretty easy, once you know how.”
Sam chose that moment to come back in to the room, drawing Castiel's attention immediately. He tensed further, like he intended to run, his wide eyes full of fear once more.
Something deep inside him was trembling like a dam ready to burst and Dean let some of the pressure shudder out in a few careful breaths, uncaring of Sam watching him.
The last necro, who had just recovered from taking a bucket to the face, screamed in agony, her eyes wide with panic before they dimmed and she fell to the stone floor, the axe protruding from the very center of her chest.
Then Cas’ grace had flooded his eyes and all they could see of him was a vaguely human-shaped cluster of light.  All they could hear was a savage battle-cry that sounded like galaxies colliding.  It had left both of their ears ringing for hours and hours after it was over.
“I don’t understand the praying though,” Sam continued with an air of wanting to move on.  There was a thoughtful frown on his face.  “Maybe they wanted to make it so the captured angel worshipped
Castiel nearly laughed, the hysterical sound pushing up his throat and leaking out the gaping hole in his neck before it could reach his lips.  Words would only do the same, so he didn't even bother trying to speak; merely shook his head, the barest twitch from side to side.
He didn’t look at Sam when they passed, only led the angel deeper into the bunker, wondering how a creature that was made of light could have such cold hands.
The impala roared down the poorly funded East coast highway, tires skipping over wide cracks and missing chunks of asphalt in a way that made Dean wonder if Baby’s shocks needed to be replaced.
“What happened?” he croaked. He was fairly sure he had everything figured out but wanted to be certain. He raised a hand to massage his throat, vaguely remembering the roar he’d foolishly pushed through his vessel’s throat in his fit of rage.  His vocal cords were healed but still a bit tender.
“We can't...I mean we shouldn't have...we should just go find that rock,” he finished in the lamest most unsmooth and insensitive escape from a conversation he'd ever made.
Sam was standing by the door to Castiel’s bedroom, leaning into the wall like it was the only thing holding him up. But his brown eyes were sharp and focused…on Castiel.  He stared, following every movement Castiel made.  But when Dean snapped, apparently having reached his emotional limit for the morning, Sam pushed away from the wall, intending to intervene, by the looks of it.
The bridge had also been constructed in a way that would allow it to become a fortress in and of itself.  There were stone walls in the middle and covered alcoves and hallways with stair cases going down to a lower level that would have had Dean itching with curiosity if he hadn’t felt like a human popsicle.
trust them.  What had they done to make him feel like he was part of their family?  Said it out loud, once, maybe twice, in the heat of whatever crisis was happening at the time?
The tents were made of several layers of animal hides thrown over simple wood frames.  They looked solid enough to hold up to some strong winds but, in the trees, the air was relatively calm.  Each tent had a bed roll and thick, heavy looking blankets and furs laid out and there was a soldier sound asleep in the tent closest to Dean's left.  Two other soldiers were sitting around a large fire pit, on which they were roasting something Dean didn't recognize.
Sadly, that left the angel with only two men who were fairly damaged themselves.  Though Dean thought they were managing quite well, given how the odds had been stacked against them.
Castiel didn’t look convinced, only mollified for now, but Dean lept at the opportunity to change the subject while he still could.
Castiel shook her hand.  "Castiel.  This is Sam and Dean.  You seem comfortable here, despite the hostility.  Have to lived here long?”
Needle-like stabs in the back and sides of his head shot pain down his spine, orienting him in time and space like the snap of an elastic band.
“I don't know.  What I just told you I...I found out from eavesdropping on the others.  Like I said, they don't tell me anything.”
Several eons later, after Dean's brain finally caught up with his eyes, Sam had– as usual – already moved on and was standing far into Cas' personal space bubble in a hilarious role reversal, eyes positively glowing with curiosity.  At first, Cas seemed not to notice Sam standing so close but then he froze in his perusal of the landscape and turned to stare up at Dean's giant of a brother.
Cas had fallen – along with the rest of his siblings – and was now wandering somewhere between the bunker and the Pacific Ocean, trying to find his way home without wings.  Without any knowledge about how to rent a motel room or read a bus schedule.  Without anyone he could ask if he needed help figuring out a digital gas pump to fill his car – if he had one – or to explain how and where to buy a cell phone so he could let his family know he was ok.
Dean wasted no time jumping into the fray, but had to leap back out of the way of the sword tip immediately when it nearly grazed his chest.  Sam was on his feet again, swinging one of his axes down through the air.  The green man deflected the blow with a casual movement of his elbow, not so much as loosening his grip on the pommel of his sword and making a stab for Sam’s chest that he only just managed to twist away from.
“Cas,” Sam started, lacing his fingers together on the table and looking him dead in the eye.  But unlike Dean, it did not come across as a challenge.  “We just want to help you.”
Adam’s apple bobbing in his skinny neck, he swallowed, and his brown eyes darted to one of the bodies on the floor.  “T-they did.  I mean, not by themselves.  The Greybeards were powerful...some of them didn't make it back.  I – I'm just an initiate, they don't trust me with important stuff like strategic political assassinations, ok?!  I make food and wash the robes, that’s
The mill was just two small houses on the side of a river that seemed to have snuck up on them.  The house closest to the road had warm light shining from the two small windows they could see, but the other house, sitting farther back in the trees, was dark and cold looking and was overgrown with tall grasses and clusters of little blue flowers.
The rooms turned out to be nothing special, but there was a single bed in one and a double bed in the other, with warm looking linens and fluffy pillows.  They were all so exhausted that it seemed like paradise.  Cas pushed rather a lot of gold coins into Hulda's hand from a small pouch he pulled out of Sam's satchel, then took the room with the smaller bed and told the brothers to take the larger.
At the question, it was Dean's turn to blush and he had to looked away, huffed an embarrassed little laugh.
“Can we just…knock on the door?”  Sam asked, looking around.  He pointlessly wiped the water off his face.
He felt warm now, like there was an electric current running through his veins instead of blood and he snapped his fingers, the urge to just fucking
The huge presence, which had been hovering by the door all this time, moved slowly out of the shadows. Sam took careful steps behind Dean and then crouched down beside him, his soft brown eyes and concerned expression echoing as something familiar in Castiel's memory.
“Is that why Sam keeps asking me to do this?  If it is, he should know it doesn't work as well as television did.  Though I appreciate the effort he's making.”
Sam was squinting across the car at him, looking as if he were truly struggling to understand what Dean was saying.
After staring down at the blood-coated angel blade for a second, Dean looked up at him with eyes that were swimming with heartache.
For a brief moment after they had left Fort Amol, Cas had tried to shield himself against the rain by holding a wing over his head but couldn’t quite get the angle right and ended up soaked anyway.
His stomach churned and he dropped the spoon back on the counter with a clatter, attention catching on the drops of blood stretching across the linoleum.
"They'd be stupid to try," Dean grumbled, forcing his eyes away from the woman’s alien features to glare into the fire.
With a last look at the back of Castiel’s wings, Dean followed his brother, knowing that Cas could take care of himself and feeling such a bone-deep exhaustion creeping up his legs that he was going to pass out if he didn't lay down soon anyway.
The trio rushed past the small house and the three large horses tethered there.  The wall of their stable offered them some shelter from the wind but all three of them were standing outside its protection, unbothered by the cutting wind and freezing temperatures.
There were a lot of stories behind that tone of voice but Dean didn't care about that right now.  He opened his mouth but Cas wasn't done being annoyed with the assumption.
“You weren't well, Cas!” he volleyed, a touch more aggressively then he intended. But he just wanted Cas to stop making excuses for him. He wanted Cas to yell and curse him and tell him what a piece of shit he was. But when he finally looked up Castiel looked far from angry, he just looked miserable. “And I
Perhaps that banishing sigil had hit him harder than he thought.  He poked at his grace.  It stabbed back.
It turned out that the descent in the road was a short one and after only a hundred yards or so the terrain evened out.
Something about him must have outwardly changed, because Dean looked relieved about whatever he saw on Castiel's face, his own breaking out in a brilliant smile like he'd accomplished something great by pushing back the screams in Castiel's head. He supposed Dean
He would sleep, his body and grace weakened to the point where he needed to, but couldn't go two hours before he was screaming, Hell still waiting for him behind his closed eyes. Whenever either of them got too close, he would flinch and look at them with such raw fear in his eyes that they had both taken to keeping a few feet away at all times, unless he was asleep or...unresponsive.
Dean could see Cas' irritation in the tense set of his wings and the fine lines around his eyes.  It was hard to tell, most of the time, if Cas was feeling anything at all and sometimes – a lot of the time – Dean forgot that just because Cas' face was still and calm did not mean there wasn't a raging maelstrom going on just under the surface.
Cas spent a few seconds flipping through the channels before scrolling headlines caught their attention and a woman in a suit spoke gravely through the speakers.
“Now that I think about it,” Dean roughly cleared his throat, forcing his brain to be helpful.  “The only time he seems actually incapable of disobeying an order is when the sigil is healed over.  The sigil smothers his grace, which makes the binding back off, and he can…exercise free will.  As soon as the sigil heals...”
He wished, as he ran a critical eye over his weapon choices, that he had someone else to fight.  Practising movements and sparring with a hypothetical opponent was nowhere near the kind of strain he needed.  Even in his current state, it would take hours to exhaust himself.
Liam deliberately rolled his shoulders, then reached his arms wide in opposite directions, groaning with an over-exaggerated stretch.
“Seeing them fly?”  Dean wondered out loud, knowing he felt the same way.  There was just something truly incredible about getting to see this side of Cas and it warmed his heart that Cas trusted them enough to
Roggi was left standing by the fire alone, staring after her with wide eyes and a worried frown.  Absently, he smoothed the paper out against his chest and then looked down at it, his lips pressing together tightly before he folded it back up and slipped it into the pocket in the front of his faded green tunic, shuffling quietly from the inn and out into the drizzly morning.
Dean had a theory about Castiel's wings and why they looked like they did.  Not the colors, he knew well now, after a lengthy discussion between Hannah and Sam that he had pretended not to be listening to, that the colors of an angel's wings were unique and unchangeable.  Different colors meant a whole slew of different things, of which they had not even began to discuss at the time.
The two of them stood around the coffee maker while it brewed a fresh pot, staring listlessly, lost in their own dark thoughts.
The implication wasn’t lost on them.  Carefully, Sam took the blade from him as if Castiel had just handed him a live grenade.
“Alright, I got you some Gatorade at the last gas stop so once we get inside you can have some of that.  It should help you feel better.”
They leapt from their hiding spot, drawing their weapons and roaring loud enough to make the closest bandit jump from the fright alone.
There were some clothes he could give Cas, until they could get out and get him his own.  A pair of jeans Dean had outgrown after getting his own kitchen; a few band shirts that had shrunk in the dryer one too many times.  But right now, Dean’s biggest concern was getting the angel to sleep, because if the dark circles around his wide eyes were anything to go by, Cas hadn’t in a while.
Lips on his neck, nibbling at his collar bone, while soft hands pushed up under his shirt, skirted around a nipple, thighs squeezing his hips, breath ghosting over his skin, Dean felt like he was adrift in the very ocean waters he could hear lapping at the shore.
No, he couldn't let this get any more out of hand.  It was a crush - just a crush is all - and Dean could handle it.  Cas needed to be able to trust him; it had been hard enough to get the angel talking after he'd first come to the bunker, half starving and nearly human.  It had taken Sam and Dean two weeks to catch on that Cas was hardly eating, not because he was sick but because he just hadn't known what it meant when his stomach growled at him.
God of man!”  he was yelling, his hands raised in the air before him like he was about to receive revelations.  “Ascended from flesh to rule the realm of spirit!  The very idea is inconceivable to our Elven overlords!”  The man spat on the ground at his feet.  “To share it with man? Ha!  They can barely tolerate our presence here!”
at him, and Castiel wondered how it was different from all the other times the man had looked at him.  For one, he didn’t think Sam had ever maintained eye contact with him for this long, nor had he actually ever seemed to
Dean was quite sure there was likely an epic story to go along with that tidbit of information but his brain got sidetracked when Cas' feathers all seemed to puff up at once, making the appendages so big that they actually hid the angel himself from view.
Though he could not see his face, Dean could feel the heat of Castiel’s glare through the dark and it was times like this he wondered if there wasn’t a spec of grace still left in the angel, because it certainly felt like there was electricity arching through the room.  All the hairs on the back of his arm stood on end.
As their hike wore on, Dean's stomach started to remind him that he hadn't eaten in a very long time and the sound of the water running cold and crisp beside them was a good reminder that he hadn't had a drink in a while either.
Blindsided for the second time in as many minutes, Castiel stared.  Dean was also staring at his brother, with an unreadable expression on his face.  But he didn’t interrupt.  Which was confusing, because that was the kind of question Dean would
Dean desperately wanted to ask what the story behind it was, he always did when the two angels shared an inside joke or story, but he had some shit to work out and some sleep to get.  So he flipped the flat rock out of the fire, chuckling when it sizzled loudly on the damp sand and made Castiel jump.
Sam was staring into the fire with a wide-eyed, thoroughly overwhelmed expression, his empty goblet of wine clutched absently to his chest.
, their span exceeding what Dean would have ever guessed at. He mostly kept them tightly folded but now they were straining in opposite directions, mimicking Liam.  The longest feathers fanned out at the tips making the wings look serrated and dangerous.  In the dim orange-yellow glow of the flood light, the white feathers gleamed unnaturally bright, the black looked bottomless, and the blues looked deeper than ocean waters under stormy skies.
Cas was walking a foot or two ahead of them and it gave Dean the chance to see how the four-foot-long wooden bow was secured to a small notched hook in the back of the leather armor plate, making it easy to draw and stow quickly.  The quiver itself was strapped right to Cas' body, a strap running under one arm, across his chest and over the other shoulder.
“Look at the state of the house,” Castiel instructed, turning to look across the river again.  “It’s in plain view of the rest of the village, yet no one made an effort to keep it from falling apart.  I would expect whoever lives there is something of an outcast, if not worse, and if they have lived like that long enough for their home to decay without the rest of the town stepping in to help, well,” he shrugged, “Even if this person even
The only reason the spear didn't shatter when Castiel brought his sword down on it was because he'd already infused it with his grace.  Unfortunately for Dean, his legs had no such reinforcements, and he crashed to his knees under the strength of Castiel's blow, the spear held in both hands like a bridge over his head.
A river lay between them and the small town and they crossed the small stone bridge that arched over it.  On the other side, only three stone houses with thatched roofs, an inn and a small lumber mill made up the town.
The first brush of Cas' lips against his was light and shy and Dean's fingers curled against the counter top with the heart-stopping
.  Dean hid it well enough most of the time - though that was becoming a full time job.  But there were times when he just couldn't help it.  Cas would walk into the room and Dean was already smiling before he even realized it, or he'd catch himself staring at the angel like a creep...but only after Sam had already caught him staring too.
Liam was watching him closely.  “It sounds as if you’ve had very few experiences that didn’t involve war or fighting.”
Cas had come leaps and bounds in his recovery. He was still skittish, still flinched at loud noises and tensed with contact, but the point was that he allowed the contact at all now.
. This cage was infinitely better than the last one and he had no need to see the outside of it anyway, even if the vague memory of long hallways and large rooms tugged at his budding curiosity.
Dean quickly stripped down to his jeans and tshirt and settled onto the bed behind Cas, not caring what it might look like or what it might mean because Cas was cold and Dean needed to fix it.  He pressed his chest to Cas’ back and pulled the blankets up to their shoulders, wedging one arm between Cas’ neck and the pillow and wrapping the other around the angel’s front, squeezing him close in a crushing hug.
The fire was hot.  Hot enough that no one else was sitting on the hearth, and the visible heat waves rolling off it were distorting the air around the angel.
men walking among them, wearing nothing but tattered loincloths and strange tattoos covering much of their greyish skin.  Both of them had what looked like a mammoth's femur bone clutched in their hands and slung over their shoulders, one end solid and bulbous and obviously intended to absolutely destroy whatever they were swinging at.
“Cas, I know that look on your face.  It’s the one you get when you’re checking out.  I don’t know what kind of Holy bullshit your angel brain is spitting, but don’t listen to it.  Ok? The three of us are going to figure this out
It helped, they'd found, if they warned Cas about what they were going to do before they did it, even if it was just fixing his blanket or sitting down beside the bed. He would still flinch away or watch them warily but the tension seemed to leave him a little quicker when he knew what was going to happen. And it was going to take time for him to believe it when the brothers said they were going to do something and then that was all that happened. Dean knew there was a large part of Cas that expected a blow at any given moment; part of him that fully believed that when Dean
He was going to pass out.  He could feel the familiar sensation of darkness pressing in on him from all sides and he eagerly awaited it.  Anything.  Anything but this.
Dean took a calming breath, two cups of black coffee rolling in his stomach.  If Cas had thought they were calling in an angel to put him down, Dean would have liked his reaction to be something other than just mild confusion.  As if Cas had merely been curious about how they would have even known a Rit Zen in the first place.
“Yeah, where are we going anyway and what the hell happened back there?”  Dean asked, finally able to breathe right.  “I thought the plan was to ask around, gather some intel...what changed?”
“I’m sorry,” Dean was panting, sucking air into his lungs like he’d spent the last hour sprinting up a hill.  He struggled to hold Castiel down.  “God, I’m so fucking sorry, Cas.”
The woman was pounding a sheet of metal on the anvil beside the pit, the giant iron hammer swinging through the air again and again.  When she stood to wipe the sweat from her brow and brush a few strands of her light brown hair off her forehead, Dean noticed her face and hands were dirty, covered in soot and dust.  She caught him staring and offered a small smile, her light brown, almost golden, eyes popping dramatically against her soot-darkened skin.
, bound…but not all of it.  He could feel a filament of it sneaking through to his wings; like a prisoner holding the hand of a visiting loved one through the bars of their cell. There was a connection, an escape, into the place outside the bonds and it seemed to be working like a drain, relieving the pressure enough so that Castiel could at least
The only consolation he had was that the small holes around Cas' forehead had healed and disappeared. That had to mean something good was going on in there, right? Maybe his grace was just trying to replenish itself a bit.
Dean curled his fingers around the faint indent of Cas' waist, pulled a little to bow his spine and change the angle of his hips and earned a whimper from the angel.  Cas' knees slid out a few inches along the sand, another instinct telling him to spread his legs to bring them closer together, and Dean nearly came from the sight alone.
Cas' head fell back onto the pillow and he snarled something into it, his eyes already closed again.
What for?  Castiel wanted to ask.  There were things to be done and sitting up would be much better to do them.  He needed to be debriefed, first of all.
"Fucking kidding me...?"  He flopped onto his back, the few metal buckles in his armor digging painfully into his back and urging him to sit up.
He met Dean’s unimpressed gaze, fingers frozen in his feathers, and frantically reviewed the last few moments of the conversation.
"Something stronger, perhaps?"  the man said silkily.  "I've got skooma."  He looked to Cas then.  "And what about you, angel?  I've got some moon sugar that'll knock even you off your rocker for a few hours."
"Alright look, when we get there we'll scope the place out and if we think it's more than we can handle on our own we'll hang out in town for a few days and you can catch up.  Sound good?"  It didn't sound very good to him, surely the nest wasn't
It was the sound of the ancient percolator rumbling from the kitchenette that finally got Cas stirring and Dean looked over as he pulled up his jeans, the sight of Cas emerging from under the pillows like a curious but sleepy groundhog never failed to make him laugh.
managed to chew himself free, but the pain hadn't vanished, not completely. It had merely shifted, still enough of a presence to keep hope at bay.
.”  He tossed the quilt off his legs and sat on the edge of his bed, wiggling his toes in the dark brown pelt covering the floorboards.  He stretched his arms over his head with a groan that turned to a gasp and abandoned his stretch when the muscles in his chest seized painfully.
It only lasted a few seconds, then Cas stopped, his wings suspended, arched out to either side like a bird that had just landed.
It bothered Dean more and more, every time he had to watch them move with such – now obvious – discomfort, and he wished they lived in a world where Cas and Hannah could be themselves and be comfortable without the threat of death or being carted off to area 51 for dissection.  But, sadly, that wasn't the kind of world they lived in.
Sam grinned into his goblet of wine, cheeks suspiciously rosy, and Dean glared between the angel and the elf, into the fire.
Even though he tried not to, Castiel self-consciously folded them tighter while trying to shove a bit of thread through the loop of the needle.
The rumbling sounds of the mountain coming to life behind him had been terrifying.  The drag of the serpent’s body over the mountainside had sounded like planets colliding; a deep rumbling and crushing of stone as chunks of rock the sizes of villages were torn away, tumbling down into the valleys below.
“Hey...” Sam looked more shocked about seeing Cas out of his room than he had about seeing wings sprouting from his back.
"Deathbell," he told Dean, picking all three blossoms.  "They're beautiful, aren't they?"  He held up one flower by the stem for Dean to observe.
Two massive piles of dead wood had been left on the sand twenty feet from the cabin the brothers had claimed.  Some driftwood, some old sticks and split logs and entire tree branches here and there.  One pile was noticeably bigger than the other.
“Have you heard of it?  Know anything about it? At all?” Dean prompted.  He glanced towards the dormitory again, a movement Crowley followed closely.
It was quite a terrible feeling, to be aware of the control slipping through your fingers like sand and still be unable to do anything to keep hold of it.
“Well, he’s not exactly in peak shape, maybe it just hit him harder than it normally would? Sam asked.  He placed a hand on Cas’ shoulder, worry creasing his eyes.
Dean walked over and wrenched the spear from the wall, turning back to face Castiel with more ferocity that was probably available to him.
Like the angel he was, Cas mercifully didn't comment and stepped between the puffing brothers, leading the way once more and, after a brief, shared moment of embarrassment, they followed.
Kynesgrove was nestled close to the base of the mountain range that bordered the eastern side of Skyrim and the trio soon found themselves following the road that led through the broken stones that had fallen away from the cliffs over the last several thousand years and rolled into the valley.  It left a graveyard of massive boulders and sparse fir trees that had somehow managed to find a spit of dirt to root in.
Dean squeezed his hand, seemingly just as unwilling to let go as Castiel was.  “And besides, I don’t want Sam to have to conjure up some big ugly beast for you to demolish again.  The dumbass barely knew what he was doing.  Pretty sure he was trying to conjure up a bear spirit and that hellish monstrosity is what he actually brought over.  Luckily you’re a ruthless, ass-kicking ninja so we weren’t
“Not the whole way, it would add another day to our travel to have to swing that far south.  Cutting through the forest around the base of the mountain will be much faster,” Cas told them as they passed a small stable with a single saddled horse standing in the barn.
Nestled as he was in the corner, he pressed the bony joints of his wings against the walls anyway, as if he could just push them away and make more space.
Cas' long fingers were fluttering around his coffee mug nervously, like he was already regretting asking, and he was glancing at the open door like he expected hellspawn to be lurking in the hallway.
It was unnerving, when Castiel was so on edge that he let his real voice slip through unchecked.  He spoke in the air around you more than from his lips and Jessy and Cesar tensed back up immediately.
There wasn't much time to register the mangled buildings and ruble or the scorched earth and lingering smell of burnt wood; Dean charged forward, swinging his sword back just as the guy closest to him – dressed out in some very well-used furs – held up a rickety looking longsword with an unhinged expression.  Any thoughts of trying to talk the guys down went out the window when something whistled sharp and loud past Dean's ear.  One of Castiel's arrows was embedded in the second bandit's left eye socket and they all stopped to watch him crumple to the ground.
"The final event, some believe, is the civil war currently wreaking havoc in Skyrim.  As you may have heard, High King Torygg of Skyrim was recently killed by Jarl Ulfric Stormcloak, leaving the province without a unifying leader.  It was this that finally tipped the region into the civil war that had brewing for the last hundred years.”
"They won't hurt you, you know," she told the angel.  Her voice was as soft as her features.  High cheek bones, pointed ears, and big green eyes gave her away as an elf right away, but her skin was pale, unlike all the Dunmer Dean had seen so far, and her red hair was tied in a loose braid, a few strands tucked behind her pointed ears.
But Crowley merely leveled a deadpanned stare upon them.  “You’ve known Castiel for ten years and you think I’m lying about how difficult it is to talk to angels?”
the memories – if they would only stop moving long enough for him to catch them. The sounds and smells and pains of Hell rose and fell in the back of his mind like waves, stronger some moments and weaker in others.
, had consisted of taking a sledge hammer to a whole different can of worms.  Yesterday, Dean had had to face the fact that some of the blame for Cas’ self-hatred was squarely on his shoulders.
Cas had said it with a different lilt to his voice than usual, like an accent just for that word.  Sharp and guttural, he’d pronounced it like ‘Yarl’.
to Cas in the next hour, then he would go back to the motel, get his favourite gun, and tear the hospital apart until he found the angel.
It was obvious there was too much going on inside Cas' head for him to really take in all the words, but he seemed to get the gist of it. His expression softened into something a little less cagey, the instinctual fear fading away as he slowly dragged himself back to the present. His wings pulled back a little, enough that his feathers weren't touching the walls anymore and Dean couldn't help but follow the graceful, fluid movement of his wings.
The three of them settled around the small table Hulda had directed them to, wedged in the corner between the front doors and the kitchen.  Sam ended up with the seat that put his back to the door, which he didn’t seem too happy about.  But it was better than sitting with his back to the room, like Dean was because Cas had moved to the spot on the right that left his back to the wall.  He stared Dean down like a marble statue when the hunter looked like he might try to fight for the spot.
Dean was ready to hear a comment about it tasting like molecules but Cas simply made a soft sound of appreciation and licked the corner of his mouth as if chasing the taste of something particularly sweet before taking a second mouthful like he was actually enjoying the taste.
He cut off the head of the first vamp around the tower but was tackled to the ground by the second, the rickety and poorly stacked pallets teetering when Dean's leg kicked out, and then it was crashing down over them, most of them hitting the vampire and knocking him out cold.
?  Hiding, hide, hide, hide!  Don't make me sad...” his voice caught, eyes scrunched shut and red rimmed like he’d been crying hard for a long time.
He squinted without moving closer, unwilling to wake the angel.  Celestial beings with their celestial hearing were, sensibly, very light sleepers.  That is when they slept at all.
Sam winced beside him and Dean belated realized that probably wasn’t the best thing to say to the woman in charge of deciding if Cas was mentally stable enough to leave the hospital.  On top of that, he remembered that when Cas
The full body freeze was so quick Dean almost missed it, but then Cas was turning around to face him before he could figure out what it meant.
“You wanna sleep in shifts then?”  Sam asked him, staring blankly into the fire.  His eyes were drooping and his face was pale and drawn even in the warm glow of the fire.
Swallowing down something hard and unyielding and blinking back the sting in his eyes, Dean took in the way the tshirt hung off Castiel’s thin shoulders; how the neck of it swung low enough to show prominent collar bones.  Jeans slung low on his narrow hips and, now that the jacket was gone, Dean noticed the sharpness of Cas’ stubbled jaw line; the stretch of his once golden skin pulled taut over his cheekbones.
That night, right before Cas went to his own room, Dean had stopped him - had fumbled his way through a lame invitation for Castiel to maybe sleep in his bed tonight, since, you know, he had some more questions about some stuff and maybe in the morning Cas could get up with him and
“Remember that you are safe here, Castiel.  Keep watching my soul.  Good. That’s very good.  You see?  I only want to understand what happened so that I can do my best not to trigger any of those memories for you.  I don’t want you taken by surprise because someone could end up hurt. Do you understand?”
taken personally and the look on Dean’s face was the same one he’d had that time Castiel told him he’d accidentally put diesel in the Impala instead of gasoline.
But unconsciousness came for him and Castiel rushed to greet it like a dog welcoming its master home.
He let it go, letting his eyes sweep over the jagged, snow-capped mountain peaks stabbing at the sky all around them.  There wasn't much else to see, it seemed they were too deep in the mountains now and the valleys and rolling plains they had left behind were well out of sight.
Heat pushed in to Castiel’s face and he took a step back, letting Dean’s hands slip from his shoulders.
Castiel scrunched his eyes shut, the pain behind his eyes blinding, even as the serpent eased it hold on him.  Parchment.  Tea.  Cinnamon. Flannel…
He kept his hands to himself, let Cas set the pace, but couldn't resist leaning in to the kiss a bit more, his head swimming. Cas' lips were soft and full and warm under his and he gripped the edge of the counter hard when one of Cas' hands came up to settle on his chest, so light he could barely feel how it shook against the fabric.
“I'm not – I'm not used to having them visible,” Cas admitted haltingly, looking simultaneously wary of Dean's presence and guilty about it.
This inn was bigger than the Bannered Mare but had a lot less people.  Instead of a bunch of small tables scattered around, there were long tables pushed against three of the walls and, of course, a massive fire pit in the center of the room. Though this one had been sensibly built up off the floor to make it more difficult for someone to fall in.  The floor had a few animal furs thrown down to ward off some of the chill and on each of the stick beams holding up the roof, there was a sawed off horn with a lit candle inside, providing warm and gentle light. At the head of room was the bar, where a very tired, very old man was dragging a dirty cloth back and forth across the scarred wooden surface.
He’d already had one.  What if Cas needed them in the middle of the night?  What if he called for help and Dean didn’t wake up because he’d had
For a moment Dean shrank under the task before him.  Cas was powerful and cosmic and ancient…but he had been cut to his knees by these human emotions.  What was more, he didn’t even seem to realize anything was wrong.
called him Castiel a few times, when they had first met.  He wondered why he was suddenly doing it again.
Castiel leaned his head back and laughed.  A real laugh that started deep in his belly and shook his shoulders and Dean was enthralled.  When Cas looked back at him, he was smiling so wide that Dean could hardly see his eyes and there was a little scrunch on the bridge of his nose and Dean knew right then and there that he was well and truly done for.
Once, Dean had brought home a white paper bag for his dinner.  It had been nearly translucent with grease stains and had a purple logo on the front that said ‘Taco Bell’.
Dean swallowed, trying to get his heart back down where it belonged, and released the handle of his weapon as he and Sam exchanged embarrassed looks.  At least he hadn't been the only one; it was a small consolation because Castiel was smirking at them, the tips of his wings twitching spastically.
Dean hadn't been allowed to be involved in the sorting and categorizing of the books – Sam had banished him from the library after he'd gotten tired of alphabetizing and erected a book-fort in the corner.
The road funneled them in to a wide set of stairs and they passed more guards on the way up to an open courtyard with a very big, very sick looking tree at its center.  A few benches had been placed on the stone walkway under the patchy shade of its twisted branches and there was a shallow, narrow canal of water that was being guided around the base of the tree, circling the entire courtyard.  Over the narrow waterway were four wooden foot bridges, spaced equally around the circle so that people could continue on their path without having to get their feet wet.
Sam just shook his head, “Just go with it, Cas, it took me twenty minutes to get him to let go of the war hammer.”
At one point they met a hunter.  She was wrapped head to toe in furs and was heading in the opposite direction.  She was making the journey through the mountain pass to sell pelts in Riverwood, she told them, patting her huge brown and white mare with a wind-burned smile.
It had been a long time since Castiel had last flinched away like that.  After a few incidents in the bunker when Sam had reached in front of him for a book or Dean had gone to clap him on the shoulder, he and Sam had finally gotten the whole story about how Castiel had been tied down and cut open so Metatron could extract his grace.  It had left both brothers sick to their stomach and it had taken a few months of careful movements and gentle touches to warm Castiel up to physical contact again.  But every once in a while when he was particularly on edge, it seemed his fight or flight instincts kicked in a little too hard and all that old fear – of touch-equals-pain – came back full force.
They took the chance while they had it, the three of them skirting around her just as much as she did them, and backed in to the elevator.  Just before the doors closed, true to his accidental flare for the dramatic, Castiel managed to raise his head and focus on her.
Hannah and Cas stood when the brothers did, reaching their arms over their hands and fanning out their wings, lifting and flexing in lazy beats that made the dense mist around them swirl in giant vortexes.
He nearly laughed; that didn’t help him narrow anything down.  He’d done and almost done a lot of bad things.  Which one of them was this?
Cas took a moment to infuse the poor man’s bed and linens with his grace so they were fresh, clean, and whole.  They would stay warm, he told them, and were now impervious to the weather.
But the angel’s body language – what little of it there was to read – was already guarded.  He’d turned away from Sam, staring down at the table top again, and his wings and shoulders were both tense.  Down the backs of his wings, some of the feathers closer to his body were lifting and flattening, as if Cas was making a concerted effort to keep them from flaring under the uncomfortable attention.
"So, uh...we're looking for the only chick who can save the planet," Dean awkwardly summarized Aeranir’s emotional and somewhat horrifying information bomb, hoping Cas hadn’t
“Here,” the angel growled from within a clump of scraggy bushes, several yards away.  He sounded even more annoyed than usual.
.  When Cas smiled, Dean smiled.  He made Dean worry about not stepping on small plants.  He made Dean want to read books about plants so he could know more about Cas’ interests.  He made Dean have to fight hard when Cas wanted ridiculous stuff – like two weeks ago when Cas had showed up at the bunker door with a baby rabbit with a bloody ear in his hands and big blue puppy eyes already firmly in place.
count,” he countered calmly, looking as smug as she had a moment ago.  “At no point was it defined in which form the wood need be.  Naught but volume was established, therefor,
Dean sighed heavily, waiting for the annoyance or the embarrassment to surface.  Instead all that happened was his headache pounded obnoxiously and his heart swelled when he felt Castiel’s eyelashes flutter against his neck.
Sam got his attention with a heavy hand on his shoulder and Dean snapped out of his revere, grabbed the empty syringe off the night stand and followed his brother out of the room. He pulled the door closed behind him as quietly as he could – even though he knew Cas wouldn't have woken for anything short of an atomic bomb going off outside – and slipped the padlock, scored with Enochian sigils, into the chains across the door with hands so stiff and heavy they felt like they'd been cut open and filled with sand.
He closed his eyes and swallowed a mouth full.  It had the consistency of blended worms and tasted like the dirt they lived in and Dean nearly vomited it all back up, only managing to keep it down by sheer force of will, because if Sam could do it without puking then he'd die doing it too.
“Doesn’t it?  If he didn’t want to rat you out because he was scared of getting hurt but still wanted to get a free ticket out of the situation, his only option would be to get taken away in an ambulance.  If he convinced us that he was mentally unstable he knew it would buy him more time away from you.  Possibly enough time to figure out how to stay away from you permanently.  Brilliant, really, when you think about it.”
been warm - his skin was always a perfectly sun-kissed gold, his blue eyes were always alight with a passionate flame.  He was restrained energy and fiery attitude…
posters, Castiel moved behind the counter and started riffling through some paperwork.  It took less then five seconds to find a piece of mail with the address on it.
Castiel faltered in the face of the sudden roadblock.  They were supposed to remove the temptation of his blade as requested, not ask him questions.  He hadn’t accounted for new input.  Though, in hindsight, he should have foreseen this.  The brothers always wanted to ask him questions.
“What do you think is happening?!” he barked.  They were trying to pull his hands out of the mess on his chest but he placed the large joint of each wing on their chests and shoved them away hard enough to put them on their asses.  “You
From out of the depths of an ancient memory, words floated out of his mouth with desperation rooted deep down in his grace itself.
Castiel had spent millennia dodging enemy angel blades and doing his best to keep his own out of other hands – lest that hand be driving towards his vital bits – so when he quickly pulled it from the hunter’s reach and flared his wings behind him with a snarl, it was purely instinctual and should not have been taken personally.
Dean kept talking, low and worried and a little annoying now, but Castiel started pulling everything back in
When he went to bed, he made sure they were in the pocket of his pajama bottoms and was careful not to roll over on them in the middle of the night.
By the end of the angel’s half hearted idea, Dean was sitting up rigid in his chair with something colder than just dread swelling in his gut.
Dean squared his shoulders, feeling the foreign but comforting weight of the greatsword against his back.  He might not be used to swords specifically, but he was more than comfortable wielding a knife or a machete. How different could it be?  Plus, there was something immensely comforting about it's weight.
Sam’s touches were gentle but they sparked intense reaction everywhere they landed and Castiel squirmed around the new sensation, giggling and squealing and feeling Dean’s low chuckles vibrating through his back.
Dean had hovered and waited and cried and prayed for Cas to wake up for two weeks.  He’d thought for sure that he would never see those blue eyes again.
He wasn’t entirely sure he was relieved.  He’d thought figuring out where and when he was would have been comforting; a cooling balm to the white-hot rage burning through him.
glowing half the time!  I thought...”  he let his hands fall from where they had been gesticulating, palms slapping against his thighs.  “I dunno, I thought for once he was actually...” his trailed off, head falling back against the wall with a soft
That bloodshot eye fixed on him again.  “Well she owns the bloody thing so I’d say yer safe to place yer bets.”  He gestured with a shaky hand and the brothers turned to look.
Dean felt sick, because this was a totally unfair position for Cas to be forced into.  He was always trying so hard to understand social nuances and he was always so scared of doing something wrong.  And he
Dean's eyes didn't know what to look at because while the five mammoths were incredible – monstrous in size with shaggy brown fur and long white tusks painted with intricate designs – there were also two
– he manifested his blade.  He would re-carve the sigil right here and go back to his meditation.  If they wanted to make sure he was still alive in his corner of their underground den then they could come find him themselves.
Dean realized that Cas had always seemed to enjoy talking about this kind of thing.  When Dean had first met him, he remembered the angel muttering every now and then about how humans had skewed and mutilated the contents of the bible so badly that it hardly rang true anymore.  The physics stuff Dean was never really able to follow on the rare occasion that Cas started rambling about it.  But this stuff?  Gods and space and planets and angels?  This he could understand.  What was more, it was important.  Because this was Cas’ world and Dean realised then that he had never really asked about it.  Not in any way that would matter.  Not in any way that would make him understand
Closing his eyes, Dean took a deep breath, pulling all the different smells from the air around him and the earth under him into his lungs and holding them there.  Then, with an explosive whoosh, he expelled the air from his lungs, imagining all the things that were weighing him down sailing away from him on it’s current and scattering in the breeze, never to be seen again.
He tried to take a step back from himself; tried to look from the outside in, and felt his mind calm just a little.  Just enough to see things logically for a moment.
Water cascaded from Castiel’s wings when he stood and then he spread them ominously with a dark grin thrown over his shoulder to where Sam, Jessy and Cesar still sat, staring shamelessly.
Removing his glasses and pulling a microfiber cloth from his coat pocket, Liam carefully cleaned the right lens. “Dean, I would like to get something out of the way before we proceed any further, and that is that I will not mince words with any of you.  I am here to help, but the time for sparing feelings has passed. From what you have told me, Castiel is balancing upon the edge of a cliff and only trying to decide if they should jump off or step back.  You, Sam, and myself are the only three people in the universe standing behind them.  When I say things that seem harsh or cruel, I say them only because you need to
Cas’ lips were pursed in a thin line, which, Dean knew by now, meant he was quietly freaking out on the inside.
He nearly made it to his feet but then felt three long teeth sinking in to the calf of his left leg and he twisted around with a snarl, swinging his blade at the closest hunk of flesh he saw and catching the beast across five of it’s eyes.  It’s face split open and Castiel could feel the vibrations of it’s enraged howl from where it’s teeth remained stubbornly lodged against the bones in his leg.
This was obviously for the benefit of her sons, as she was, indeed, not sorry.  Castiel could smell the distain rolling off her.  She didn’t trust him.  And why should she?
“We got a call from a few doors down.  They said they heard ‘two men shouting, then the sound like someone hit the wall and a yell of pain’.”  He fixed his eyes on Castiel.  “How did you get that bruise on your face?”
“Yes, dragons.  I thought dragons would be the least strange part of this.  After all, there used to be dragons on earth, before they went extinct.”
Something warm and rare spread through the usually empty space behind Castiel’s ribs and he let himself reach out and take one of Dean’s hands.  Healthy habits.  Communication.  Yes, he could do that.  He only hoped that Dean could as well.
He let his thoughts stray back to his mother.  Another complication in his life at the moment.  As if he didn’t have enough of those already.  He’d spoken to her only a handful of times.  Though to be fair she seemed to be doing her best to avoid them.  At least, that’s what it felt like to Dean.  He’d never really thought of what life might be like if his mother suddenly returned from the grave when he was pushing forty because…well why would he?  But he had to imagine that if he had, he’d have assumed he’d speak to his mother more than a few times in a week.  Especially since they were living in the same house.  It was a pretty massive house…but still.
Because that was something he should ask for.  Because he would not push for anything Cas did not want to give him, but wanted to be clear about how he felt.  Because communication, he’d learned, was important, and never more so than it was in that moment.
“You’re a hunter,” he recalled.  Dean looked at the monsters he hunted with those exact same eyes, in that exact same way.
He swallowed, his breathing – hadn’t he decided not to do that for now? – was fast and shallow.  What was
. Ears that work, he realized with surprise. He had nerve endings too, could feel warmth radiating over them and carrying the information to his brain.  And, If he had a brain, then he had a head, he reasoned. And he was sure he was breathing now, which meant he had lungs and a torso too.
They watched Cas walk down the street a bit before disappearing around the corner of a house.  Briefly, Dean felt a little disappointed that he had yet to see Cas fly but assumed there would likely be plenty of opportunities in the future.  Right now, he didn’t have the energy to do anything but climb the five steps up to the inn and ask for a bed.  He wasn’t even hungry.  Apparently, his stomach had given up.
"What – what the hell was that thing?"  Sam gasped, trying to catch his breath.  Both his axes seemed to have vanished and he distractedly glanced around, gaze blank.
It was still drizzling, the rain not so much falling as it was drifting down from the sky.  But the fog had thickened, bringing visibility down to half a mile at best and, when Dean parked the car in the gravel lot off the road, he could only barely see the edge of the water.  It was grey like everything around it, and calm as the still air and mist that hung above it, lapping at the sand with gentle, rippling waves.
“I simply confiscated from the inn keeper that which she had procured by questionable means.”  Cas finally met Dean's eye but then quickly looked away again.  “Regardless, we needed it more than she did.”
A few moments later, when he was no longer in immediate danger of coming unhinged, Dean lifted his head from where he'd had his nose buried in Castiel's hair, and opened his eyes.
"Because the internet is a thing and another missing persons report was just filed this morning," Sam continued before Dean could come up with a smart ass retort, sounding distracted.  "She lives close to that cemetery.  I'd be willing to bet their nest is somewhere close by."
a strong aromatherapeutic relaxant.  Here,” he took a slow step forward still holding the tin out to Cas, “Give it a good smell so you know there’s nothing dangerous in it.”
Instead, he picked up the sword laying on top of the pile.  It was steel and had the same kind of intricate design carved in to the hilt as Dean’s greatsword.  It looked very similar, but it was half the size and twice as light.
He gave in and lowered himself to his knees, placing his hands on his thighs and letting his wings relax as he took deep breaths. The pain did not recede and anger flared behind his ribs.
Back at the fire, Sam and Hannah had peeled some potatoes Dean bought at the market – granting Sam's one request for literally any vegetable he found – and had cut them up into chunks and were frying them in the pan.
“Man, that pie can't come fast enough,” Dean complained as his stomach growled loudly.  He wasn’t just hungry, he was ravenous, and he could tell by the way Sam kept looking in the direction of the kitchen that he was too.  He didn’t feel the least bit guilty about having three pieces of pie as his dinner.  He probably could have eaten three
.  Angels do not lay down and die.  He would not let these two humans and their caveman binding spell take him down.  A good soldier was
Several emotions were suddenly pushing up against Dean's skin and he blinked rapidly, frozen in the midst of the sudden onslaught.  Sam was walking away towards the little foot washing station where fresh water was pumped in, with Hannah walking close at his side.
Cas’ head suddenly snapped to the right and his whole body turned, wings remaining open and lifting slightly in a way that somehow seemed more aggressive.  Something had clearly startled him and Dean shoved aside his disappointment, reaching up and pulling his greatsword free of its sheath as he turned to face whatever threat was coming at them.
Dean and Sam followed, offering a wave to the farmer who was looking confused and annoyed at the abruptness of their departure.
"Huh.  Wouldn't have guessed you were mages," the man said, blue eyes raking over each of them in turn and taking in their armor and weapons.
He helped Cas sit up, though the angel grimaced and huffed when his longest flight feathers dragged against the ground.  He rolled into a crouch, wings arching up high and the tips reaching into the air in an obvious stretch, before he pulled them down against his back once more, the feathers ruffling to settle back into place.
Around the table, the meager army they had managed to scrape together shifted uneasily at whatever it was they heard in Dean’s voice.
“Humans are so…changeable.  They ebb and flow like water.  Smashing against the shore with destructive force one moment and then still as glass the next.”  Castiel sighed.  “I understand you no more than a mountain can understand the lake at it’s feet.”
“What – what the hell do you think you’re doing with my patient?” Dr. Owen barked at them, outrage quickly replacing the shock of seeing them stumbling down the hall.  “I’m calling security.”
looked better than the last time you saw me.”  Castiel grinned sardonically and Sam seemed taken aback by it.  “But alas, I seem to struggle with the most basic of things.”
.  But the searing heat whipping around the room in a rage had kept him from getting close enough to do anything like that.  It had felt like he was standing in a sandstorm in the hottest desert.  It had peeled the paint off the walls and for a few days after, both Sam and Dean’s skin had been raw and pink, like they’d gotten a bad sunburn.
This is what Dean was always striving to avoid.  He hated the feeling these moments gave him.  Hated that Cas could go from completely at rest – which was a hard state for him to reach – to wild-eyed readiness to protect himself in less than a fraction of a second.  Even when he was as calm and relaxed as he could get, in the back of his mind, Cas was always expecting something to come along and shatter any serenity he found.  And Dean hated when he was the one to prove him right.
It was easy to forget what Cas used to be like, back when they’d first met him, but this went beyond even that.  Now there was just…nothing.
“This is some biblical shit, Sam.  I don’t know how we’re gonna help him.  He’s…he’s devastated by the fact that he feels happy about getting his wings back…how fucked up is that?  He’s terrified that he won’t be able to atone for his sins now because he’s been ‘restored’, or whatever.  He feels
didn’t look so worried,” Dean couldn’t help but quip.  With a final sweeping look over Cas to make sure he looked comfortable, Dean stood and joined Sam and Liam in the open doorway.
“Reyda was here, then gone,” blurted the stranger, his lip quivering.  He looked to be in his forties.  “Went to gather plants and never came home.  Nope, nope...”  his face crumbled as if he was about to burst into tears.  He started pacing, back and forth across the water-logged floor, slipping a bit now and then but seeming not to notice.  “Everyone looked and no one could find her.  Wilhelm said she'll be back...told Narfi not to worry...Reyda will come back.”
?!  Why?!”  He surged in to Dean’s space, relishing the way his eyes widened with poorly concealed fear as they flicked to Castiel’s wings spread so aggressively.  “Why
“That's good, Cas,” he softly praised.  With his other hand, he rubbed Cas' thigh, dragging his thumb up the inside and feeling Cas shudder.  “Nothing to worry about.”
He forced his eyes to leave the empty hallway and made eye contact with Dean.  There was something in his facial expression worth reading.  Castiel contemplated doing it.
Still, he grudgingly admitted that he felt well-rested.  Though, that too had its downsides.  It was easier not to care about anything when you were too tired to think straight.
