“Another reason to wake up. I want to take care of it. Go wash up and when you finish, I’ll cool you off.”
John had a lovely wank in the shower. He set a scene for those coveralls, imagining Sherlock as the victim of a spanking that left him just pink enough that his wool trousers would be unbearably itchy and pants would be out of the question. He would slide Sherlock’s robe off his shoulders leaving him standing all white and pearly in front and walk around to see him all rosy in the rear. He would admire for a moment, rubbing his palm over the lump in his trousers and retrieve the coveralls from the bed, where they were laid out. He would slide his hand across Sherlock’s arse as he walked back and Sherlock would pull away instinctually at first, but then push back into the touch, seeking more of the sensual pain/pleasure sending confusing signals between his brain, bum and bollocks. John would walk around in front of him and take Sherlock’s hands and put them on his shoulders, to help him keep his balance.
John took a step forward, realizing as he did so, that it would be completely inappropriate to smell for himself. He clenched and unclenched his fist and Sherlock sucked in his cheeks to disguise his smirk.
He had to make two trips to carry everything necessary to initiate the recovery: the tablets, a tall glass of water, the tube of gel, a basin of cool water and a flannel. He sat on the edge of the bed and stroked Sherlock’s cheek with his fingertips. When his eyelids fluttered open, John held the glass in one hand and the pills in the other. “Open up.” Sherlock stuck out his tongue and John dropped them. He held the glass up to his lips and Sherlock took a sip. John said, “No, finish it. You’re probably dehydrated.”
Silence.
John untangled himself from the sheets and gracelessly managed to find the floor with his feet. He was feeling very warm suddenly and stripped off his shirt, leaving it on the floor. Sherlock made a clicking noise and said chidingly, “Not very tidy, John.” He was rolling his neck and shoulders now.
Sherlock sighed. “Of course.”
John lifted Sherlock’s wrist a little higher and he twisted, trying to keep the pressure off his shoulder.
Sherlock snuggled closer. “Can’t we just sleep here? Run your fingers through my hair,*” pouting, then demanding in turn.
He took a deep breath and answered, seriously this time, “He was afraid that I’d gone to use again.”
Sherlock dawdled and picked at his breakfast, but John was satisfied with half of the omelet, tomatoes extricated and piled neatly on the side of the plate and ¾ of a slice of toast. He wanted to get more of the ointment onto to his rear and check to see that any bruising was minor and wouldn’t require a cold pack.
“Yours…it’s always been yours. Always yours.”
“He brings it on himself, Angelo. You know him, he’s so stubborn. Wants to do everything his own way, doesn’t know when to quit.”
“I never actually considered that John. I’m sure I’ve been…an embarrassment to him on at least a few occasions—“
John let go with a loud slurp and asked, “Promise?” and returned to licking and sucking on his neck this time, just enough to leave a little redness behind. Sherlock’s head rolled alarmingly on his neck and John steadied it. He kissed him full on the lips and tilted his head so that he was looking right at his eyelids. He repeated, “Promise?” And again, “Promise?” He jiggled Sherlock’s head a little. Sherlock had to exert a great effort to open his eyes and breathe. He blinked a little and tried to find John’s eyes, then nodded. “Promise.”
They ran through the litany of questions and answers and Sherlock flinched and squirmed through a spanking that under ordinary circumstances, he might not have even noticed. But with his bum already tingling and as the dialogue became more intimate, he began to hear the cracks in Sherlock’s voice.
John shook his head fondly, recognizing the façade for what it was. “That’s my privilege, isn’t it? Drink up while I take care of your bum. Are you cold?”
“Just hurry up.”
A more typical expression returned to Mycroft’s face: he scowled. John scrubbed his eyes and wondered if the two of them could have a screaming match in complete silence.
Sherlock grabbed a pillow and buried his face in it to hide the groaning laugh that slipped through his tightened lips.
Sherlock took another few seconds to think and said, “Not that isn’t off limits right now. I can’t play violin. I’ve written all the letters,” he said despairingly. John waited him out, and was rewarded. With a look of disgust, he walked himself the rest of the way to the corner and clasped his hands behind his back.
Five more on the sit spot and Sherlock started to kick his feet, trying to stay quiet but unable to stop himself from crying out after each blow, “Shit, huh, hunh, ah, aah.
“I misbehaved.” Five more on his right cheek, a little harder this time. Sherlock wriggled and John laid a hand on his lower back to steady him.
BORED—SH
John wondered if he would ever learn to avoid falling asleep on the sofa when he woke an hour later, stiff and cranky. He ruffled the curls again and said, “Up you get, titch.” Sherlock sprawled onto the sofa off his lap, stretching and moaning. John said, “Time for dinner. Come and keep me company while I survey the fridge. Or would you rather have takeaway?” He knew it would be hard enough for Sherlock to sit for 3 meals a day. He’d let him determine the menu.
“Alright, alright. Kasseem, is Raul here? I’m going to need some sorting out.”
“Because you thought I was off to buy drugs again.”
Sherlock checked his watch.
“Shouldn’t you be fixing dinner, instead of torturing me?”
“I’ll…ask…for help. I’m sorry. Very sorry.”
“Always,” he whispered and held him until they both fell asleep.
John whirled around and scowled at him, confused.
“I misbehaved.”
Sherlock had been itchy in his skin over the last fortnight, without a single case over a four, and let John know he would be keeping his appointment that night. He was torn, as usual, between wanting to protect the world’s only consulting detective and getting him the hell out of the house for a little peace. He was driving him mad.
John gave him a little pinch on one of the less tender looking areas.
Sherlock took off on his thesis once again. John congratulated himself on his bedside manner with an internal smirk. As the heat of Sherlock’s skin leached the coolness from the cloth, he refreshed it from the basin and kept on until he judged that it was at least a few degrees cooler than before. He was treating the damage as a burn and didn’t want the gel to trap any heat that could interfere with the healing. He laid a whispery kiss on each cheek and resisted the temptation to cup them in his hands.
John sighed and gave up. He held out toast for him again, then took a bite himself. They finished up and John went to take his shower.
They sat in loose-limbed lethargy for a while, but the temperature kept dropping and John said, “We’re both gonna start cramping up if we don’t get someplace warm soon.”
Sherlock laid his head on his thigh and held him softly in his hand, never losing eye contact. John laughed breathlessly and said, “Come here, you.” He pulled his hair gently and Sherlock scrambled up. John was still hungry for him and they kissed deeply, John tasting himself on Sherlock’s tongue. They dipped and swirled their tongues enjoying their access to one another Sherlock’s cock was throbbing against John’s thigh. After a while, John pushed back on his shoulders. “Hey. I love you. I’ve missed you. Now I really need some fucking to happen here, so hurry up and fuck me, or else I’m going to go to sleep.” He lay back on the bed with his hands behind his head, the picture of lazy, satisfied lust.
“Good. You are going to want to explain, make excuses, defend yourself, deduce me, argue, and I don’t want to hear any of it. There are going to be consequences for what happened today and you have one opportunity to participate in the determination of those consequences and this is it. Nod your head if you are prepared to listen to your options.”
John finished editing Mrs. Hudson’s letter, which he had to admit, was very sweet, although there was a air of “Silly woman, you ought to know better than worry about me,” but Sherlock was right. She would be very pleased, John knew. Unlike the consulting detective, she was very susceptible to sentiment. He stood up, stretched and decided somebody ought to take care of the gelatinous compounds under the sink, before they mutated. Although John had made doing chores part of punishments before, this time, he suspected Sherlock would be too sore to be able to do any activity that would be rigorous enough to actually clean any of his Chernobyl-level toxic waste sites. John gathered the surgical scrubs, gloves, mask, scraper, scrub brush and bleach and went to work. By the time he finished with the green slime, he was famished. The orange, blue and purple would have to wait till tomorrow. He double bagged everything and took it down to the bin, noting it would be a good excuse for tomorrow’s walk, having to stop at Tesco for replacements.  He called up the stairs when he finished, “Sherlock, I’m jumping in the shower. Then dinner.” A bit not good, preparing food without washing away any potentially poisonous residue. He waited for a response, got none, and tried again. “Sherlock.” Nothing. “Sherlock!” He started up the stairs, with an extra weight in his step and was rewarded with a grunt. “Didn’t you hear me?”
“I’m vaguely insulted that you are doubting my intentions. There is no subterfuge going on here. I simply want you to come with me. Besides everyone has been asking why you never come. Aren’t I allowed to show you off? I don’t want them thinking I’m ashamed of you. Some of them have been around forever: Jack, the cut man, he’s an old timer. Sean, he’s young for a coach, but a lot of them are around your age,” John raised his eyebrows and Sherlock corrected himself, “Our age.” Sherlock concentrated on packing up his kit on the sofa. “Of course there are some younger ones as well. Douglas, he’s been my cornerman a few times. Looks like a college student.” Sherlock’s lip quirked up in a half smile, which John noted with slightly furrowed eyebrows.
Greg, relieved, said, “That’s ok then. He’ll fill you in. You’ve gotta know, for Sherlock to send that message means you’re a bloody miracle worker. He’s not the only genius in that flat. Cheers.”
Thoughtfully, with a somewhat surprised look on his face, Sherlock said, “You lied, John. You texted that you weren’t angry.”
The cabbie pulled over, saying, “Your shilling, mate.”
John was breathing hard as he dialed Lestrade who was just as breathless when he picked up the phone.
“’Fraid so, love. Go brush your teeth and then I want you to do 20 minutes of corner time. Hands behind your neck and no mind palace. Tonight is for Mrs. Hudson, so concentrate on her. I’ll be asking you’ve what you’ve thought about, so make a mental list. I’ll be in the bedroom when you’ve finished.”
John smiled at him fondly and Sherlock closed his eyes again and let his head drop onto the back of the chair. John set about kissing everything he could reach and undoing a few buttons so he could reach a little more. In between the kisses, he kept speaking, but the words were registering only intermittently for Sherlock.
John nodded. “All right then. I haven’t worked out all the details yet, but close enough to start. Feels like a month has gone, but it’s still Wednesday. Consider yourself grounded through Sunday. Loss of all privileges.”
“It’s going to hurt, Sherlock. I’m going to hurt you.”
Do you wanna touch me there, where, there, yeah?
He picked up a huge stack of files and started walking towards the only clean desk in the squad room. It was up against a wall of glass. The desks around it had been pushed back leaving a meter clear on every side. As John and Sherlock followed him they could see there was a set of cuffs around one of its legs and another set hanging from the chair. He dumped the files on the desk and said, “These are cold cases from three divisions. I couldn’t bring them to you before because they’re not mine and they can’t leave the building so I’ve been saving them up.” Sherlock tilted his head and the tiniest flicker of interest jumped to life in his eyes. “Mind you, they’re not all murders,” Sherlock’s shoulders drooped and the ember died, but Lestrade continued, “BUT there’s reason to believe that some of the perps might have escalated to that later on. If you could find any patterns…” he trailed off enticingly, and the spark rekindled.
Sherlock deflated a little, maintaining his arrogance by a hair’s breadth. “Once the game is on, I won’t be paying any attention to the transport, John.”
“All right. Show me. Impress me with your patience. I’m going to undress now. Close your eyes. Keep them closed. If you’re quiet, you can deduce what I’m taking off.”
Then Greg:
John gripped himself tighter and dropped his head so the water beat down on the back of his neck. One, two, three pulls and the orgasm roared over him like the unheard vibrations of a jet engine. The shudder shook him from the center of his body outward, to the tips of every nerve ending. He choked back a groan and huffed, trying to remain silent, but Sherlock knocked on the door in some sort of evil, telepathic synchronicity. John could have sworn he hadn’t made a sound that could have travelled past the shower curtain, but he knew that somehow, Sherlock had divined that John was attaining satisfaction (of a sort) without him.
Through clenched jaw, John said, “Christ. You’re a menace.” His legs dropped open and he grabbed the seat of the chair. Leaning towards him, Sherlock closed his eyes and inhaled deeply through his nose, taking in the smell of him: the lingering scent of his own expensive cedarwood body wash (stolen), the sweat of the days work, the sharp medical smell of alcohol and underneath, the man’s musky arousal. His cheeks rubbed back and forth and up and down, encouraging the increasing pressure in his trousers.
“It was a deterrent.” Another nod.
“What time is it anyway? Six o’clock? Sherlock! What time did Greg tell you he was going to get there?”
After a few minutes, Sherlock started to shift his hips from side to side. “Don’t think I don’t know what you’re doing,” he said in his lowest register.
John laughed at him. “How about we call it balancing? Your enormous intellect and your undernourished emotions? They both reside in your brain, you know. Neurological experiments and brain injury research have proven that beyond any doubt. Let’s just say we’re helping you develop new synaptic connections.”
“This is going to sting, Bumblebee.” Sherlock pretended to frown at the nickname he secretly cherished. John laid the flannel across the stripes as gently as he could, but Sherlock jerked at the touch.
Don’t kill him, at least. –MH
Sherlock’s hips twisted and a hollow whistling sound accompanied his intake of breath. The noise kicked John’s drive up another notch and he began to remove the plug with purpose. “Bear down now.” John watched, mesmerised, as the plug was pushed past the outer ring and then eased, free, into his hand. Not willing to take his eyes off Sherlock’s winking hole, he tossed the plug over his shoulder toward the closest skip. It bounced off the top, clanging, and rolled underneath. He muttered, “Missed.”
When Raul declared the knot vanquished, Sherlock popped up and shook hands. “How’s your wife, Raul, how far along is she now?”
John woke up alone to the sound of a violin. Sherlock was reacquainting himself with his muse after their forced separation. He was a vision in his blue dressing gown, standing in the morning sunlight streaming through the window. John sighed, painfully aware of how gorgeous Sherlock was and how he’d have to eat if he were going to have the strength to act on that awareness. He passed him by, with enormous self-control and set the kettle to boil.
“Sherlock, you were not where we left you. You were not at the desk, and you were not in the staff room and now all of NSY and MI6 are searching the entire city of London--” John realized he was shouting from the wide eyes and slightly open mouth on the cabbie’s face and whispered the rest, “searching the entire city of London for you.”
Don’t be too harsh on him. Of course he’s forgiven.—MH
John complied, driven by the building tension in his bollocks and the lingering (thrilling?) fear of someone happening upon them. He pinioned Sherlock with one hand on his back, the other clutching his hipbone, and he thrust wildly, in and out. The sound echoing around the alley now was that of John’s hips smacking into Sherlock’s arse. Sherlock moaned at the lewdness of it: the sound of being fucked in an alley. He shivered.
The thought of entering the lion’s den by himself was enough to unsettle Sherlock entirely. He snapped, “Just eat already, will you?”
“Obviously—your bellow is impossible to ignore, though God knows I try.”
Four more, alternating on each side to ten. The red lines of the caning were standing out less sharply against the pink rising from the paddling and spanking. Sherlock was clenching the cheeks of his arse and his legs were trembling.
“Sherlock?”
John thought he might at the very least offer Sherlock a choice of positions. “Which would you rather? Lying down or over the footboard?” The bed would result in a somewhat less painful stroke as the angle would be lessened and be less of a revisiting of what must have been painful memories, in more ways than one.
“Mycroft’s on his way. I’ll be in touch.”
John tapped once again, a little more firmly and Sherlock blurted out, “Ok! Stupid, you’re right. Sorry. No more.”
John tangled his fingers in his hair and whispered back, “For always.”
Sherlock’s hands began flitting and sliding. He began in Gavin-Graham-Glen’s wing (elegantly lettered notice on the left), with files full of cycles of overdoses and withdrawals, evenings spent being held over toilets and nights of sweats and trembling. He looked at the album of Lestrade’s facial expressions: hope, disappointment, fear, punishment and finally delight. Lestrade wouldn’t call him for cases. Lestrade wouldn’t be looking at him in that goofy, pleased way when he showed up, clean, with John by his side. Wouldn’t be any of those ridiculous, proud parental grins when he was brilliant. He wouldn’t be sticking up for him when Donovan and Anderson pretend whispered smugly, “We tried to warn you.” He turned off the light, sad and –what was that sensation? He held his hands up to his cheeks, which felt unusually warm. He’d have to research the assorted physical responses attached to shame, guilt and embarrassment when he had time.
He pulled his fingers out and Sherlock whined to be so empty. John chastised him. “Uh-uh. You said you would be patient. That doesn’t sound patient.”
When Mycroft stood, Sherlock’s eyes widened and he took a step back, bumping into a lectern. He turned to steady it and when he turned back, Mycroft had invaded Sherlock’s personal space, a full foot closer than their usual distance. Before Sherlock could figure out how to maneuver his way back and around the lectern, Mycroft had grabbed his right arm just below the elbow. Sherlock froze again, but something in Mycroft’s expression must have calmed him and John watched as the tension left his shoulders and his face softened. And then he bent his arm and grabbed Mycroft’s arm in return. Détente, sweeter than that of the Capulets and Montagues was attained and John luxuriated in the peace, conscious of how fleeting it may be.
John grinned ruefully and was starting to think they might just make it all the way through, when at 2:46, he felt his stomach slide. It was the call alert for Lestrade’s number. Not the text alert. He apologized to Mrs. Winslow, a regular on the third Wednesday of the month when the Senior Center was closed for staff meetings, and stepped into the hall.
All day long Saturday, John was nonchalant, while Sherlock pretended to be bored. He twitched and scraped at his violin, paced, ostensibly searching the internet, all the while oblivious to his actual emotional state. John quietly savored Sherlock’s nervous anticipation and studiously avoided touching him. He knew Sherlock was subconsciously craving contact, which in spite of his denial, invariably soothed his nerves. He was enjoying keeping him on edge.
“It was the saddest day of mine and Mycroft didn’t come either.” There was an undercurrent of resentment in his words.
John gritted his teeth. “You are my husband and lover and as such you owe me a Valentine’s Day gift. That’s the rule.”
“Such good manners. What a good boy. If you want more, then more you shall have.” He added a second finger and continued the slow push and pull. After a few minutes of Sherlock’s quiet panting, John began to spread his fingers, pulling out in a widened V, stretching Sherlock open until he could insert a third finger. Sherlock twitched and moaned and rolled his hips up and down, trying to drive the fingers deeper. John gripped his hip with his free hand and Sherlock stilled again. “I can’t wait anymore, John, please fuck me, please I need you inside me, now.” John eased the fingers out and silenced Sherlock’s needy moan with a wet, open-mouthed kiss.
“Did he save your life, get you breathing again?"
“I’m going to continue to consider my options, obviously.”
Bored—SH
Sherlock felt an icy finger run up his backbone and he closed his eyes. What he said was, “Yes, Captain,” and started with his shirt, but John interrupted.
“So good.” He flattened his tongue and gave a flat lick over the whole head. He hummed and sucked on the crown.
John cleaned up what couldn’t wait, giving Sherlock enough time to get ready and then a little more just to keep him waiting. When John finally entered the bedroom, Sherlock was lying, naked on the bed and clutching the spool with white knuckles. He was pale as marble with the curtains open, letting in streetlight. He glowed. John stopped and stared. He could feel the swelling in his trousers, which had begun during his explanation of the thread, growing as he looked at the vision before him. He shifted his legs to give himself more room. “Beautiful. You are just the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen. I’m going to take you apart.” Sherlock took a deep shuddery breath. John walked over and sat next to him on the bed. He unclenched Sherlock’s fingers and pried the spool from his right hand. He held his hand and kissed his palm. He laid it gently in his lap. He unwound some of the golden thread and began to tie the end of it around Sherlock’s wrist. When he finished the knot he kissed his pulse point. He looked into Sherlock’s eyes for a few tense seconds and asked, “Is this ok?” Sherlock swallowed and nodded.
Sherlock sighed. More questions he did not know the answers to. He did so hate not knowing. They moved to the sitting room and their respective desks, John sitting, working on his laptop, Sherlock leaning over, scribbling furiously on his notepad. John interrupted him occasionally asking for details to add to the case log he was working on, but otherwise they worked in comfortable silence. John estimated that his letter would be the longest of the collection, judging by the pace at which Sherlock was working.
“It’s Saturday, idiot. I never work on Saturday. We’re sleeping in.”
Dear John,
There is also a very brief mention of past child and domestic abuse. Please take care.
In his mind’s eye he slid his hands over Sherlock’s ribs and in circles on his concave belly, rising and falling quickly, with shallow breaths now. His fingers would reach the tops of his thighs and his thumbs would find the grooves separating his hipbones from the muscles at the top of each leg. He would allow his thumbs to trace the crease slowly inwards on his body, without brushing his swollen cock. Sherlock would shift his hips to try and make contact, but John would be precise and careful, with his surgically trained hands, and Sherlock would groan in frustration. Eventually, the progress of his left hand would be impeded by the diagonal zipper of the coveralls. He would be forced to move both of his hands to Sherlock’s left leg, sliding his fingertips down the well-defined muscles of his calf. When he reached the bottom of the zipper, he would take it between two fingers and start to lay slow, wet kisses on every centimeter of skin, before the zipper sealed it away from his lips. Sherlock would moan again when the trail reached the inside of his knee. John would wonder when that particular spot had become such a particularly erogenous zone until he saw himself realizing that the top of his head and his newly cut hair was tickling up against Sherlock’s bollocks. He chuckled at himself then watched as he gently turned his face back and forth against Sherlock’s inner thigh so that his hair tickled the underside of his reddened cock. He saw Sherlock reaching down to lift John’s chin so that his lips would drag up against the velvety skin and then brush over the leaking crown.
“Dirty heroin.”  Five on the right “Ow, shit!” He hissed under his breath.
John felt the tiniest of nods.
John smiled. “You’re being punished, Sherlock, not shunned. I still love you. And I want to help you through this. I tried to have it make sense, not be just, I don’t know, random suffering.”
John nodded back with satisfaction and brought the plates and mugs to the table. He fed Sherlock while he was distracted by the newspapers. Attempting to broach the subject casually, he said, “You know, you still have one more letter to deliver.”
I know Sherlock would be mortified to hear this from me directly, and I don’t want him to feel any worse than he does. Or than he needs to, anyway. I’m sure he’s telling you you’re torturing, but of course, he’s already been through the real thing and survived. A great man can withstand torture, if he thinks it will save someone else. But torture changes you against your will. It breeds hatred. Please help him understand that we’re trying to help him change himself, to want to change, to turn him into a good man. He’s already changed so much. You don’t really understand how much, and I don’t think he does either. Everyone else can see it, though.
John broke into hysterical giggles at his expression and rolled off him as well as he could, pulling out of Sherlock with a plop, onto the floor, pushing the wrecked table out of the way. Sherlock kept up the worried patter, as he clutched him to his chest, “John, she’s going to want to know what happened. We can’t tell her the truth. She’d never let us forget it. She’s going to be very cross with us. She probably won’t cook for us for a week, a month, even.”
“You’re mistaken, my brilliant boy. I am listening to you, just closely enough to keep you prattling on.” He put the mobile down, wondering if he knew how to password protect the photos.
“Yes, believe it or not, you’re going to want to go and apologize to Mrs. Hudson, instead of feeling like it’s some meaningless chore I’ve given you to do.” Sherlock nodded quickly.
“Obviously,” he answered in his usual sarcastic manner.
John closed the doors and said, “Let’s see what you have up in the undercover closet.” They climbed the stairs to what used to be John’s bedroom and Sherlock perked up a bit. He did enjoy his role-playing. He flung open the doors of the closet with relish. John watched him with pleasure. “Didn’t you have a set of coveralls for “The Poisonous Paint?” Sherlock had posed as a house painter to prove that a newly widowed film starlet had grown tired of waiting for a second, ancient husband to die of natural causes. Sherlock spent a week flirting and persuading her that he was only painting houses until his true artistic talent was recognized. And when she was convinced that it was true love, she had revealed the nature of the paint, which she had tampered with, adding peanut oil to trigger anaphylactic shock in the naïve elderly man.
“Saturday, the fourteenth.”
“Would you rather I didn’t?”
John drew his chin back and gave Sherlock another mystified look but he remained impassive.
“Why was I frightened?”
He rang off before John could say another word. He handed the dressing gown to Sherlock and said, “At least it’s not both of them.”
Day 3 of grounding was more of the same. For a man who hated to go to bed, Sherlock hated to get out of it. John finally woke him with a kiss for Day 49. After a meagre but acceptable breakfast, Sherlock wrote his letter to Molly, a bit more reserved than the others. Their past was more painful and unresolved, and although time had helped to heal the wounds, they were raw enough to require less probing of the past. Sherlock fell short on the word count, but John let it slide to preserve the present equilibrium.
John gave him a hungry smile with half-lidded eyes. He stuck his tongue out and licked his lower lip. “I’m going to tie your hand to the headboard now and I want you to pull on it slowly. I want you to feel how much you can pull it before it snaps.” He pulled Sherlock’s hand gently and placed his arm so it was halfway between overhead and stretched to the bedpost. It left his arm bent slightly at the elbow. He drew his fingertip down the inside of his arm and Sherlock shuddered. “Pull on it now. I want you to see how it feels. Pull on it. See how much room you have to move before it breaks.”
He dreaded the thought of having to tell him that Sherlock was, apparently, exactly where they had left him. On the other hand he couldn’t decide who he wanted to be the first to reach him, primarily because he couldn’t decide who would be more likely to do him permanent damage. Lestrade. Definitely Lestrade. Thanks to the cabbie, whose talents were definitely being wasted, John was the first.
He got up out of his chair and deposited himself onto Sherlock’s lap. He wrapped his arms around his neck and whispered into his ear. “Now you can go out there and shop with the masses, desperate to prove themselves, and buy me something trivial and meaningless.” He wriggled his arse a little, making Sherlock sit up much straighter, and continued, “Or you can make me happy and give me what I really want.” John licked him, right behind his earlobe and whispered again, “Don’t you want to make me happy, Sherlock?”
Sherlock smiled to himself and John reached out a hand from behind the shower curtain and gave him a pinch on his bum. Sherlock twisted away from the fingers, crying “Ow! Must you?” John stepped out of the shower and dried himself from head to foot with a towel. “Sometimes, you leave me no choice, Sherlock. And sometimes I think you like it.” He reached out and slid his fingers feather-light across Sherlock’s tender skin, feeling him skitter his hips away in fear that John might pinch him again, then move back to increase the pressure. It was a move remarkably similar to that of the virtual Sherlock’s and John smiled congratulating himself that his fantasy approached film verite.
He slammed the door shut on his way out, crashing down the stairs and yelling for Mrs. Hudson.
Five smacks across both cheeks.
John growled at him, “Close your coat and let’s go.” Sherlock clutched the coat with one hand and John grabbed the other, running a few steps, until he realized the coat was flapping in his wake. He shifted to a slower pace, but his head was still swiveling, keeping an eye out for anybody who might question their motives. He was finding it difficult to accommodate the increasing pressure in his trousers.
“First in class.” John sat on the edge of the bed and Sherlock turned toward him, kneeling now. He reached up and wrapped his long fingers around John’s neck. John kissed him and Sherlock hummed with pleasure, swiping his bottom lip with his tongue. He ran his hands down his back and inside the waistband of John’s pyjama bottoms. He lifted his arse and Sherlock slid them all the way down and onto the floor. His hands returned to John, sliding underneath and giving a squeeze. John put his hands on Sherlock’s head and twirled his fingers through the curls, relishing the silkiness and knowing it would pull a groan from Sherlock’s throat. He loved fingers in his hair. Sherlock let his face drop into John’s lap and turned his head from side to side. As the blood left his head and flowed into his cock, John took a deep breath, trying not to get light-headed.
John dropped his head and laid his cheek on Sherlock’s hair. “Love, no, look at me. It’s all right, it’s ok, it’s not hurt crying, it’s love crying. Happy crying.” He stroked him and kissed the back of his head. “The letter is perfect.” Sherlock lifted his eyes, slowly, afraid of what he might see. John held him with his hands on the side of his face and wiped the tears away with his thumbs. “Look, see? Not sad. Proud of you, how insightful you are. There’s a word I’d never thought I’d use about you. The letter is brilliant. I know you’re telling the truth. It’s perfectly you.”
Sherlock was too aroused to smile. He was staring open-mouthed at John and it took him a few shallow breaths before he could answer. “Finding the spot was easy. Arranging the skips took weeks. I put out the lightbulbs one at a time. Took forever.”
“Sorry, I’m sorry. I can be patient.”
Sherlock’s heart and shoulders sank when he turned around and saw the paddle on the floor next to the chair. “Why didn’t I keep my mouth shut?”
“Oh, no you don’t, Doctor Watson. I’m too old for that anymore. No, you do what you need to do, I suppose. Doesn’t mean I won’t stick up for him, though.”
“Your boy’s in one piece, I didn’t break him. Can I tuck in now?”
Sherlock put the article on the floor and buried his face in the cushion. A muffled “Oh, God,” found its way out.
“Because you asked her to look for me.”
“I’m not telling you to go all brotherly love on him. That would be…disturbing. But could you possibly just try to think about him differently? Give him the tiniest benefit of the doubt. Look at his actions in light of how it could have been different? About what would change if he actually did what you think you want him to do.”
Sherlock perked up, he did so enjoy a corpse, human or otherwise. “Maybe I’ll set aside some of the cartilage for a series of acid bath experiments. I’ve been meaning to test the long-term efficacy of citric acid from a grapefruit —”
ONE WEEK PRIOR
“I know, I know. I haven’t argued, have I?” Sherlock heard the guilt John was trying to outrun. “You were very just. And it all makes perfect sense. I’d be happy to avoid all of it of course, but I’m willing to accept it. I hope it will sink in. I…”
“You could be a bloody city bus, just don’t stop.”
John started by asking him if he he’d made Mrs. Hudson cry.
John said, “Thanks-and it’s not your fault! I hear you feeling guilty! I forbid you!” and hung up.
The crying flared up. Sherlock nodded, and hid his face again.
Sherlock cleared his throat.
He sighed in artificial resignation. “If we must.”
Sherlock repeated, “Deep breaths.”
Although he’d been hoping that Sherlock would have achieved some degree of homeostasis, he was still pacing the outer room. When he saw John come through the library door, he threw his arms up in the air, which wasn’t technically sign language, but clearly communicated, “Finally!” He swirled around and collapsed heavily into one of the upholstered leather chairs.
Sherlock snuck a sideways glance at John and mumbled under his breath.
How could he deny him?
“Teach you how to behave. Fucking bouncing around on your toes like a dancer, showing off for everyone. I was ready to kill those fuckers for putting their eyes on you. Where’s the bloody lube? Where did you put it?” He was rucking up the pockets in Sherlock’s coat, searching the inside lining.
Sherlock explained and Raul began to rub and pummel him. When he was facing the wall, Sherlock looked at John, gave him a cheeky wink and began to moan under Raul’s fingers.
Sherlock took another look at him for reassurance that he was content and then dedicated himself to his own gratification. He picked up John’s other leg and scrambled forward so both of them were hanging over his shoulders. The rhythm he began was slow and deep and allowed him the thrill of breaching John over and over again. Then, his pent up desire overwhelmed him and he jerked back and snapped forward, his hips slapping against John’s arse. John rocked in sync with him, offering no resistance, welcoming the waves washing over him, happy to let Sherlock take him along for the ride. He crooned, “Oh, yes, aah…” and it liberated Sherlock to chase his pleasure, fast and hard. He had satisfied his lover and had nothing to prove.
This one is a pretty big something.
Wilder: Good evening, little Holmes.
This was undoubtedly accurate, but incorrect in this particular instance.
He started rapid-fire deduction.
John went and got dressed, rubbing a little liniment into his shoulders beforehand. They would be getting more of a workout this evening and he didn’t want to stiffen up. When he got downstairs, he was surprised to see his place at the table set formally with a placemat, linen napkin, good silver and wineglass. There was even a single candlestick right in front of the fine china plate that had been part of a wedding gift from one of Sherlock’s more clueless relatives. John gazed at him with a pleased look on his face, but Sherlock, brushed it away, looking down and trying to cover his embarrassment. “You were taking too long and I didn’t have anything else to do.” After a moment he looked up, slightly worried. “I wasn’t trying to make it romantic or anything. Just trying to be…”
Molly sent a long email, which John saved to read during Sherlock’s corner time. A decent dinner, Sherlock did some virtual composing, John read journal articles and then crap telly till bedtime. Showers and then the corner again, hands on head this time. John had to keep things unpredictable, otherwise Sherlock would become habituated to the ritual and distance himself from it. John sat with him while he did the time, reading Molly’s email and when it was up, John called him over.
Mycroft rolled his eyes at him.
As John knelt down, he would kiss a path down his front from the hollow of his throat, over his sternum, the wispy hair above his navel and down the top of his cock, which would no longer be considered flaccid. Sherlock would grip his shoulders, having tilted backwards at the attention John was paying his growing erection. Sherlock’s breathing would be faster now, his eyes wide and fixated on John’s. He would hold the right leg of the trousers out for Sherlock to step into and then the left. He would stand up slowly, letting the rough fabric drag over the sensitized skin of thighs, hips and groin, Sherlock twitching and gripping John’s shoulders for dear life. He would let the upper half of the garment catch on the sore swell of his buttocks and Sherlock would gasp, thrusting his hips forward and colliding with John’s.
Sherlock took him gently by the elbow and led him to the shower. He adjusted the temperature of the water, talking to keep John awake. He was enjoying being the caretaker for a change. “Your turn. Don’t fall asleep in there.”  He made sure that John wouldn’t drown while shampooing and got his towel. He went to the bedroom and brought back some pyjama bottoms for him, then left him alone to finish up. By the time John made it to the bed, Sherlock was spread-eagle on his stomach, snoring lightly. John took a few minutes to care for his arse, which was still glowing, and shoved him over to make space for himself. Sherlock threw an arm and a leg over him and he fell into the deep sleep of the righteous.
Mycroft ignored him and addressed John who was making tea with the water that Mrs. Hudson had already boiled. She had left a plate of scones and John, who had skipped lunch as per his agreement with Lestrade, was starving.
He pulled Sherlock’s mouth down to his own and crashed into his lips, reaching into his mouth and licking across his teeth. Reaching for his tongue and trapping it against them. “What made you think it was ok to tease me like that? Letting everyone put their hands all over you, slapping your arse. It’s mine. Your arse is mine, Sherlock. Nobody slaps it but me, you hear me? Where's the lube? Where is it? Did you stash it somewhere? Otherwise, I'm gonna fuck you raw and you’re not gonna be able to walk tomorrow. I’m not waiting anymore, you--” He let go and turned to look, to see if Sherlock had hidden it somewhere, maybe over by the stairs?
Lestrade had said he needed Sherlock bright and early Monday morning and, being the sort of detective who could function on no sleep, he popped up on the stroke of six and took a shower. Before he woke John, Sherlock made tea and toast and brought it to the bedroom. He wanted to make it as easy for him as it could be, given how worn out he was. “John, wake up.” Soldier’s instincts had him awake and alert immediately, although seeing Sherlock with breakfast on a tray left him as disorientated as if he were still dreaming.
Sherlock turned to him with a look of such practiced innocence that John knew he was being punished. The message was, ‘see what you’re going to be missing out on because of your boring insistence on working at that intolerable surgery?’ He responded to the unspoken rebuke. “Can’t be helped Sherlock. Come eat your toast like a good boy. The later I arrive, the later I’ll have to stay.” He waited long enough to watch Sherlock finish at least a half a slice of toast, then proceeded to his own five minute shower and in another five they were in a cab on the way to New Scotland Yard. Accompanying him would make John that much later, but the risk of Sherlock absconding was too great. Not that he would necessarily be on his way to find a dealer. Everyone was quite hopeful about Sherlock’s progress so far. But he would do anything to escape a day of forced inactivity.
Sherlock turned and spoke to the window. “He’d say forty and I’d break after fifteen and he’d quit at thirty. I instinctually taught myself to break more quickly. I'm convinced it was not deliberate. In fact, I believe it was contrary to my own best interests and sincere desire, but I couldn’t convince him to remain firm. He was overly sentimental.”
Sherlock let out a snorting scoff and muttered, “…gross exaggeration…” looking at John for support but he had put his cup down and picked up the letter. John shook out the letter and refolded it, staring hard at Sherlock now. Sherlock looked away quickly.
John walked over and put his arms around Sherlock’s waist. He tilted his head up to place a chaste kiss on his lips. “It would be tragic for the world to lose a melody of yours, love, and I think it was an elegant solution to the dilemma. Can’t wait to hear it. And good for you figuring out a way to keep from getting bored. I might just shorten the drought by an hour for that.” John felt the tension leave Sherlock’s body as he turned his head away, trying to hide his pleasure at the praise to no avail. John pulled him back and gave him another kiss. “How much work did you get work done on the letter?”
Eventually, though, his stomach gave him away. It growled loudly enough to distract Sherlock who turned with a halfway grin to look at him. John smiled softly back and Sherlock asked, “Hungry again? You are insatiable, John Watson, in so many ways.” His face turned quizzical and he tilted his head. “You haven’t moved in the last 30 minutes. You’ve been staring at me. Why?” He blushed faintly.
John laughed at him again. “Let’s worry about what to call them later. We’re not going home until you figure out why it’s so hard for you to talk about what makes you so twitchy about discussing your punishments.”
“I have to talk.”
Behaving?—JW
“No, it’s me.”
“Good riddance, you insufferable prat.” He walked to his chair and dropped.
With lukewarm bitterness, he said, “I don’t need your approval, Mycroft.” Then, “Eight.”
Sherlock responded, drily. “You have deluded yourself if you think that your pathetic attempts at humour can lift my mood. I assure you, they do not help.”
Sherlock gripped John’s shoulders and threw his head back, and made another insightful comment, “HHmmmmnnaaah.”
Sherlock glanced around to make sure both John’s fists were clenching. Shoulders being thrown back. Lips being licked. Operation Feint and Jab was a go.
The memory never failed to replicate its gorgeous ending and served its purpose for John now. He came, leaning up against the wall of the shower, as quietly as he could, so as not to torture Sherlock any more than necessary. As he cooled off he replayed the less than elegant ending of the scenario….
Sherlock answered brilliantly.
Sherlock gave him a little push with his foot and rolled over onto his side, propping up his head on his elbow. From under half-closed lids, he looked John up and down appraisingly. John could practically hear the furious sorting of “Sex with John” data going on in the Mind Palace. As his eyes flitted all over him, John slid his robe off his shoulders and awaited the results of the survey. A lift of the eyebrow, a twitch of the lip and the declaration was made. “I can’t lie down, and I can’t sit. I can kneel and I can stand. Let’s start with standing.” John’s tongue poked out and he scraped his lower lip with his teeth. Sherlock sidled over to the edge of the mattress and stood up. He winced a little and stretched his head and arms back.
Call it off—JW
Day 3 of Sherlock's grounding.
He thought he understood the signs, but he didn’t understand the meaning. That wasn’t the kind of question a brother-in-law would be asking and he shrugged in confusion.
Crisis averted. Sherlock could see the blood draining from John’s neck as it returned to its normal color.
Sherlock stopped again, astounded. John kept walking for a moment, until he realized he was walking alone and turned to look back at him. “What is it? What’s short-circuited those brand-new baby neurons we were talking about?”
Sherlock was silent. 10 more smacks.
Sherlock drew a stuttering breath. “Fill me up. Fuck me. Please, fuck me, John. Now.”
“It's ok. It’s ok, I understand. I understand completely. I wouldn’t let him come anyway on a day like that, Molly. Knock ‘em dead and don’t worry.”
John lifted his eyebrows and said nothing.
John snorted back a laugh. “You’ll do it yourself if you want it. Spoiled brat. Now lie still, while I get dressed.”
“You were angry.”
Sherlock took his hand and laid it against his cheek. "It was everything I was hoping for."
John wanted to cut down that arrogant snark as quickly as possible. Sherlock was still not in the proper frame of mind, somewhere in the neighborhood of abashed or contrite, for example.
Mycroft took a sip of his tea, grimaced, and replaced it. “How many attempts did you make on your own?”
John spoke to the cabbie. “Change in plans, pull over for a minute and let me think.”
Sherlock said nothing.
“Ah, little brother. You didn’t write up any list for me, I assume. Did you enjoy your field trip otherwise?”
In his mind’s eye, in a split second, John had Sherlock in a leotard and tights. Tights that went on for miles, clinging to the skin on his round arse, looking like a marble statue. He saw him bending over the barre, stretching out his back and arching…He licked his lips and took a breath to make a suggestion, but was preempted.
John shook his head in disbelief.
“Who’s in charge?”
Sherlock started to tick off on his fingers. “So first, I thought of the headphones. I could have turned up the music and it might have helped cut out the noise of those brutes coming back to the office. I could have tried looking out the window. I could have tried to get Lestrade’s attention. I could have texted you again and asked to you to speak to me, or asked Molly if she could talk to me. Then, when it started getting to be too much, I might have asked to use the loo, or go into Lestrade’s office. And although it’s a completely theoretical solution, I could have attempted to text a minor official the British government. A minor official, of course.”
“You do?”
He draped Sherlock’s arm across his shoulder and helped him around the railing so he could sit on the steps. As he sat, Sherlock grimaced and grunted out an unhappy sound. John winced in sympathy and brushed the hair from his forehead and kissed him. "Sorry, love. You ok? I got carried away."
Yes. SH
Lestrade took a step back, fists still clenched.
“Y-y-yes.” Five in the same spot.
Sherlock jostled him. “John, I want to hold you now. Let me loose.”
John cut him off in his stern voice. “Before the microscope.”
Greg sighed happily, and said, “There’s our boy.” He grabbed his coat and keys. “Let’s go, genius.” Sherlock huffed in dramatic indignation. As he was putting on his coat, Lestrade swept towards him and gave him a swat on his arse. Sherlock jerked away with an undignified yelp and scowled as Lestrade shook John’s hand. He grabbed Sherlock from behind in a one-armed hug around the neck. Quietly in his ear, he said, “Forgiven.”
Somehow Sherlock managed to give him a scathing look out of just the corner of his eye but begrudgingly he said, “Yes, Captain.” He swirled himself and his coat out of the flat. Before he got to the front door, John stopped him. “I want to see if we can take Mrs Hudson to dinner tonight. She fed us for the last 4 days. Go hail us a cab.” Sherlock huffed, while John negotiated time and place.
John knew this wasn’t manipulation. They were both scared. Sherlock’s grip on sobriety was never as firm as they would have liked and 46 days was not nearly long enough according to the rehab centers Mycroft had sent him to in years prior. But John had confidence in the backup team and told Sherlock so.
“I’m here, John,” he said in a voice that was, satisfyingly, less arrogant, and dare he say, more humble.
John said, “No, you have to—”
“Or you could flounce around, sighing dramatically if you’d like.”
“Shut up, idiot.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and gave the matter deep thought. “A six.”
“Even more of a reason to take advantage of the potentially fascinating developments occurring at this very moment between your legs,” John teased as he ground his cotton covered groin up against Sherlock’s naked one. Things moved rather quickly from there. “You see? You never know what might happen. Maybe an interesting case will come in. Things change in the blink--” He cut off with a groan as the blood flowing to his groin stiffened him so that he could slide up against alongside Sherlock’s bollocks. He nudged his cock and dropped his upper body so that their chests were in full contact.
John snarled at him, “Oh, I don’t need it, but you’re gonna want it. And be quick about it. You've kept me strung up tight for way too long.” He had one hand wrapped around Sherlock's neck, the other gripping a handful of curls, still wet from the shower, and it triggered the thought of him, turning to look at Kasseem, covered with nothing but soap. It burned in John's chest and rumbled up through his throat as a growl.
Sherlock reserved judgement. John wheedled. “If we call him, he’ll have some of your special tiramisu ready for you.” Angelo had a secret recipe for tiramisu that he only made for Christmas and Sherlock. John reminded him of it whenever he’d gotten himself into fasting mode and needed to be shocked out of it. It would work as an incentive as well.
“I’ll tell you the difference between them, right there, Sherlock. Harry couldn’t bear to see me happy. Mycroft couldn’t bear to see you sad.”
John pulled off. “Sorry, I didn’t realize how tense you’d be. I’ll go easier.” True to his word, John stroked the muscles, trying to warm them up and then increasing the pressure gradually. As they relaxed, he moved upward on the back and then across the shoulders until Sherlock was practically purring.
“Should I hurry? Do you think it will melt?” He frowned up at John and said, “Actually, you look like you’re melting. I’d better hurry.” John looked back at him, sighing out a groan. His mouth watering again, Sherlock licked his lips, pursed them, and pushed the foreskin down, exposing the glans. He slid his mouth halfway down then drew his tongue back up along the underside. Pulling off, he kissed the weeping hole. His tongue flicked out and lapped up the fluid delicately.
“If that were true he wouldn’t repeat such an obvious pattern, would he? He knows I know where he keeps them.”
Sherlock said, “Three. He was the best,” he continued spitefully. “Before John.”
Sherlock turned to give John his ‘you’re so vacant’ look. “What kind of expression is that? If her goal is sexual intercourse, why would she want to knock him dead? Is it some kind of play on words, to do with her work in the morgue? Is that some kind of code for necrophi…”
He pulled back, but John tightened his grip and then took his other hand as well. Brilliantly, he managed to look stern and sympathetic at the same time, deep into Sherlock’s eyes. “I’m sorry, love, but I decide, remember? It seems unfair, I know. But it’s been an unusual day and we have to finish it up. There’s no way we can do it properly without getting into the proper frame of mind. I’m not ready, are you?” Sherlock’s forehead furrowed and he took a few seconds to think it through. He shook his head slowly. “Can you think of another way to settle yourself?”
“Hmm.”
John looked at Sherlock as he headed down the stairs and asked, “Were you expecting something?” He ignored him, which John deciphered as “No.”
Jack and Mickey laughed. “Sherlock’s told us a bit about your skill. I don’t doubt it,” Mickey said. John was mollified some, but resolved to keep an eye on the “old-timer”.
Sherlock looked up at him and John blushed under the scrutiny, but maintained eye contact. Without a word, Sherlock began dissecting again and John assumed the conversation was finished. Later that evening, however, out of the blue, while John was searching the fridge, and Sherlock had his head buried in “Laboratory Testing in Monitoring the Effects of Brown Recluse Spider Bites” he said without looking up, “That, ah— thing that you said. That you, um, you explained before. That was, um… good.”
Sherlock dropped his eyes under John’s calm gaze. “Both. I was bored, but then I was getting anxious, worried that you wouldn’t be on time, when they all barged in. I started to feel… frantic. They were so loud and they were staring at me and Lestrade was ignoring them. I kept looking at him, to try and get his attention, but he was on the phone. I was thinking that for all their bluster and arrogance about being detectives,” he spit out the word in disgust, “I could disappear from right under their noses and they wouldn’t even notice, Lestrade included. Idiots! The wardrobe was right there. And I was… pleased… at the thought of showing him up,” he admitted. Quietly he continued, “In front of everyone. But then I really did fall asleep and I…don’t think…I’d like to think I would have answered if I’d heard everyone calling for me.”
cry?”
You may consider the aforegoing to be the preface to my inept yet “heartfelt” apology.
“You’re always fussing,” he grumbled out of a sense of duty to maintain his curmudgeonly status. John’s fussing was actually honey on his tongue.
Finally Mycroft's eyes lost their far-away cast and Sherlock intuited that he was coming back from wherever he’d been. He fluttered over to stand nearer to his chair and John prepared himself by taking a deep breath and holding it. But Mycroft ignored Sherlock and rested his gaze on John. He signed something that flew right past him and Sherlock signed back too rapidly to follow. Mycroft signed again at John more slowly, but this time thought he understood.
John winced. He had been leaning towards three, but six really was standard. “Six of the best.” He retrieved two pillows and said, “Put your elbows up on these.” It would help to raise his head, lessen the angle and leave his skin less tightly drawn.
Sherlock turned his face so he could rub his cheek against John’s and closed his eyes. John kissed the corner of his eye, then his temple and then his cheekbone. Breathlessly, Sherlock said, “I do. I do want to make you happy.” John lowered his mouth and kissed Sherlock’s upper lip, and then the lower one. He slid his tongue right along the crease between the two of them. Sherlock opened his mouth, but John pulled back, making Sherlock chase him a bit.
When John threw the door open, he said “Finally. John, I think I’ve solved…”
Sherlock took two steps back and quickly said, “You know, it’s just that it’s his job and… he gets paid by the massage and he can really use the money and the tip I usually give him. It won’t take long, I promise.”
It was supposed to be John’s shift, but a call from Sarah had come early, begging him to come in and she sounded so desperate he just couldn’t turn her down. That was what a locum was for, wasn’t it? Truth be told, he didn’t want to. He had spent two extra days with Sherlock since Harry and Clara were both down with stomach flu and he really needed a spell with some ordinary humans. Sherlock would not be pleased. He hated the schedule to be changed for any reason, less so when it was at the last minute, and least of all when it meant having to leave the flat. Not to mention when it meant less time with John.
10 more smacks.
John channeled Ella, closing his eyes and reminding himself that when he felt his heart start to speed up and his breathing got shallow, he had techniques: counting, breathing in through the nose, out through the mouth, self-talk. His meditations were interrupted by the ringing of the bell. He was grateful for the distraction.
Sherlock was far less agreeable. “Oh, shut up, John.”
The tickling brought up goosebumps on the skin of Sherlock’s hip and John teased the fine hair with his fingertips. He outlined the shell of Sherlock’s ear, brushed his lips over his temple, and then lowered his knees to the floor. He had denied himself even a look for the last four days and he felt like he was coming home. His hands met lightly around Sherlock’s back. He looked up to watch his face as he laid his forearms across the backs of his thighs. He held his arse, surely and confidently enough so that Sherlock knew he was owned, possessed, being handled by an expert.
John retrieved the phone from the pocket of his trousers and handed it over. The text Sherlock sent was short but by the time he had handed it back and John had read the message, Greg's ringtone was sounding.
Sherlock felt a tickling chill run up his spine and answered him gruffly. “Me too.” He slid his fingers out and grabbed himself firmly at the base of his erection. He was on a hair trigger. He sat up and pushed back on John’s thighs, hanging one leg over his shoulder and shuffling forward to line up the crown of his cock with John’s greedy hole. He tried teasing just a bit but when he looked at him, sprawled and boneless now, he realized he was teasing himself. In one controlled move he sank in as deep as he could go.
Mycroft tilted his head and in a singsong voice asked, “Did you want to stay clean?”
Sherlock sneered. “You should have pressed for settlement with all of them, for breach of contract. Their stipulations were based on the ‘satisfactory response of client to intervention.’" He waved his hand airily. “If you said the right thing to your ‘counselor’, they increased your level of privilege. By the end, I had talked my way out by eight weeks. You were blue with rage the last time, Mycroft.” Sherlock looked delighted.
Sherlock nodded his head with certainty this time and said, “A six isn’t so bad. I can handle a six. For Molly. Seeing as how…”
I’m not angry.—JW
John asked, “Why are you being punished, Sherlock?”
John repeated, “You see? You see?” daring him to comment on the unnecessary repetition. “If you don’t tell me where you are I will kill you when I find you. But I’m not going to promise that one of us isn’t going to kill you anyway.”
When the pillow was situated according to Sherlock’s specifications, he eased himself down with significantly less of a grimace than he’d shown the day before and John nodded with professional satisfaction.
John was irritated with the simplistic answer. He let number four fall a little heavier, below the last. Sherlock jumped enough for John to have to grab him a little tighter. “Ow! Ow, ow. Four!”
John woke up alone. He could tell it was late morning by the light coming through the window and was puzzled. On a lie-in morning, Sherlock would usually lay wrapped around him as long as he’d allow it, until John pried his tentacles off. Sometimes it would take two or three tries, as Sherlock would sneak a limb back around him before he could detach another. Even more surprising was the smell of eggs and bacon coming from the kitchen. It wasn’t Christmas, or any other holiday he knew of. Ah. It came to him. Day 50. He was absurdly pleased to think that Sherlock would celebrate in a way that John would appreciate. Maybe the plan was working. Brilliant Molly. He dressed quickly, ignoring his usual morning erection by focusing on the smells of breakfast.
Sherlock wasn’t ready and although he’d deny it, he whined, “Not yet. Stay with me a little bit?” John wanted to soothe his skin before the burn set in, but if Sherlock was feeling so vulnerable, John didn’t want to leave him alone. He walked around to the other side of the bed and slid in. Sherlock immediately turned over onto his side and pressed himself up against John, throwing his arm around him, his face tucked into his chest. John ran his hand up and down the back of Sherlock’s neck and scratched his scalp, sliding his fingers through his hair, which was damp and tangled. He murmured nonsense and made calming noises until Sherlock was breathing regularly. After a while he complained, “It hurts.” John untangled himself.
“What am I going to do then?”
“Maybe another half hour, if all goes according to plan.”
Sherlock pulled and stretched, up and sideways to understand the length of the thread. It was long enough for his upper arm to wind up perpendicular to the edge of the mattress, but not long enough for him to be able touch any other part of his body. He looked at John and said, “I see.”
Talking's fine if you got the time
He turned back to John and said, "You better make sure he sees the error of his ways. If he doesn’t regret it, we’ll be living through this torture again soon enough.”
He let out a huff of frustration.
“I am
They ate in quiet and since it had begun to rain, the day’s walk was canceled. John printed out some emails from the website with cases that looked to be the least boring for Sherlock to flip through. He read those, then the papers, spread out on the sitting room floor, did some virtual composing and paced restlessly. He worked on the letter intermittently, still scratching out more than he left on the paper. The afternoon wound down into evening and John was still deliberating over the nature of the night’s punishment.
“Why do they cry?”
John said, “Five pages, looks about right. I’ll have to read it of course.”
He struggled a bit with it, but finally spit out, “That others have towards me.”
“What did you do?”
“If you’re quite finished fantasising over my coveralls and excluding me from the marital benefits to which I am legally entitled, I’d like to have a piss.”
“You were absolutely brilliant. The river;  Greg would never  have figured it out.” He preened and John coddled. By the time he was full and satisfied with Sherlock’s intake, John was practically nodding at the table.
John growled to himself.  “Shut it, you pillock.” Then, “Just get ready for dinner.” Another grunt.
“Go away.”
“To keep me from using again.” Another five and a few stuttering breaths.
Sherlock caught the driver’s eyes flicking up to the rearview and he gave him a glare that sent his attention back to the road directly.
John sat down at the table. Sherlock returned to the carnage and John grimaced at the remains of the, what was it? The Australian funneling something?--that was on the table. He averted his eyes and made his own mental note to get it into the bin before it took up residence in the fridge. “I still don’t understand. About your response, I mean. What about that in particular puts you off so?”
Sherlock through the door open with his usual flair, although John recognized it for the bravado it was.
John froze immediately and sat down next to him, concern all over his face. “What? What is it, love? Are you ok? I’m stopping.”
John grasped their cocks in his fist, surrounding them with his hand. He slid them, almost shoving up against each other. Sherlock lifted his head off the pillow to watch and John locked eyes with him as he rubbed them together. John arched his back but fought to keep Sherlock in view, struggling against throwing his head back. The sight of him, refusing to interrupt their connection, set Sherlock off and he came, with a cry, all over his chest. John held on to him and worked him through the last of his spasms. Then he let go of Sherlock and gripped himself tightly. He thrust himself into his fist followed with his own cry a few strokes later. His head dropped and he sat as they tried to catch their breath together. Finally John asked him, “Are you ok?”
THE PRESENT
“Jesus, Mary, and Joseph.” He sounded genuinely reverent. “You got yourself ready.” John pulled back to stare at him with widened eyes, black pupils crowding out the blue, with the low light and pure lust.
“More?”
M: What are you?
“It’s a case, John! You barely have time for a shower. If you didn’t stink, I’d make you skip it. Hurry up and eat your toast.”
Still hoping for the tired, manageable version of Sherlock, for Lestrade’s sake, John lowered his hips and started to move them in very small circles, encouraging the stirrings of the erection that had wilted in the wake of Sherlock’s anxiety.
John called his name softly. He waited for a moment but Sherlock wouldn’t raise his head. John’s tone grew stern. “Sherlock…” No response. He hardened his voice, “Look at me." John pulled his chin up but Sherlock slid his eyes sideways. Frustrated, John said, “This is your last warning.”
he know that? John wondered, then decided it was better not to.) It was something about the niece of a diplomat, a boyfriend and disappearing micro-electronic surveillance devices and it gave Sherlock a pleasant 2-hour diversion, although he passed it on his belly, on the floor with documents spread round him like a scattered deck of cards. Occasionally he would rise and pin something to the wall. He climbed gingerly onto the sofa once and lay with his fingers tented, but he couldn’t manage it. It was too uncomfortable and he paced instead.
“Ow, John, ow!”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked at him like he was being even more dense than he’d been the moment before. “Obviously, again. Try to keep up, John. And I never did, feel like that, before I met you.” Sherlock paused for a moment, another realization washing over him. He looked accusingly at him. “It’s your fault, isn’t it?”
“That was last Tuesday. I’m keeping a calendar, so no one can accuse me of cheating.” John stated firmly. “It’s been more than a week.” Time to switch tactics.
He startled the driver, who peeled away from the kerb in a move worthy of a stunt driver and John was thrown up against the door, his mobile falling to the floor. When he was finally able to pick it up, there was, sweet mercy, a text.
Sherlock blurted out, “Fucking. You. I’ve been thinking about, you know, penetration. Fucking you. Since this,” he waved his hand around vaguely, “whole thing started.” He touched his upper lip with his tongue. John just smiled and waited, making him work for it. For all his brilliance and sophistication, he was still shy and fumbling when it came to his own desires. He’d come a long way, but John kept trying, hoping to get him to open up and enjoy himself more freely. But he also enjoyed teasing him.
“Two for tone. Why was she crying?”
Please send multiple virtual hugs to beta extraordinaire, Tiaoconnell, who continues to make me a better writer, chapter by chapter.
John got up and headed to the medicine chest.
John lunged for Sherlock’s mouth with a hunger that hadn’t been satisfied by the elegant meal. There was no tenderness in it. Their lips crashed together and John’s tongue thrust into his mouth like an invading army, reaching for the back of his throat. He pushed Sherlock back to lie flat and fumbled as he opened his trousers. An intense shudder ran over him to find that Sherlock was without pants. He pulled the trousers off just far enough to expose him and pushed back on his legs so that his arse was in the air. Sherlock’s head thrashed back and forth as he moaned, “John, John, hurry, please.”
To John, more quietly, Kasseem said, “I’d better get his towel, he hates to be kept waiting.” He walked to one of the cabinets and took out a large white towel and then stood at the edge of the tiled shower floor, waiting for Sherlock to finish,
Still whiny, he said, “What time is it? There’s a pub, 8 blocks down. We can probably catch one there.”
Lestrade texted, the big softy, “Beat his arse, but don’t crush his spirit. I need him clever on Monday.” John was happy to pass on the message along and give Sherlock something to look forward to. It perked him up and cheered John as well.
They met Mrs Hudson on the way out but didn’t linger. “The game is on, Mrs Hudson! No time for driveling chit-chat.” John pecked her on the cheek anyway. Sherlock grabbed the newspaper on the way out of the flat and hailed a cab immediately. “New Scotland Yard, my good man.”
John had already finished his breakfast by the time Sherlock made it into the kitchen, resplendent in his purple shirt, curls shining, backlit by the sun streaming in through the windows. He paused in a pose worthy of a fashion spread and John had a suspicion that it wasn’t entirely spontaneous. “Are you teasing me?” he asked.
John sat up gingerly, with his hands held apologetically. “You’re right, you’re in charge. That’s what you want, that’s what I’ll do,” and he snapped off the threads at his wrists and ankles.
When Sherlock began to get restless, John declared the soup to be finished and called him to the table. An early supper would bring the unpleasant portion of the evening to a close more quickly and allow more time for the activities he was anticipating afterwards. “I’m going to miss this, you know,” he told him.
“Yeah, eventually, but are you ok now?”
Sherlock reached back to remove it, but John grabbed his hand and put it down firmly by his side. “Leave it be, now. I’m going to get you some water and paracetamol. By the time I get back, it’ll feel better.”
John smiled then, despite his best effort, and snorted out a laugh, which he tried to disguise as a cough. Sherlock scowled sideways at him, but didn’t respond. John picked up his novel, deciding against the potential irritation of the telly and quiet descended for an hour. He assumed that 500 words would be four or five pages of Sherlock’s sprawling script and when he checked, he saw that Sherlock was about halfway there by 10.
“Oh, all right. Bossy.” John reached around Sherlock’s waist and rubbed the flat of his palm delicately across the tip of his cock where fluid had started to drip. He swallowed and sucked on his lower lip. Sliding his hand down, he reached bottom and made a loose ring of his thumb and middle finger. With the lightest of touches, he dragged it up and down. He was careful not to lean his hips and legs against Sherlock’s sore parts, but he couldn’t keep his erection from gently sliding up against the top of the crease of Sherlock’s arse where it met his lower back. Sherlock gasped when he felt it and dropped down flat on the bed. He was desperate for John, but on all fours, the potential for pain threatened and he panicked.
As much as he wanted to press him, John knew that the security of the nation (the free world?) could not be compromised, no matter how worried Mycroft was about Sherlock’s progress.
A second door crashing open and Lestrade filled the doorway.
“Hmm. Good thing too.”
John grabbed him around the waist and kissed the hollow of his throat. He opened another of his shirt buttons and stroked his chest, making sure to run the pad of his index finger over Sherlock’s right nipple. “Do you trust me?”
“Oh, tell the truth, Sherlock. I’m not here to admonish you. I’m quite impressed with your insight…and cooperation at the moment, actually,” he said wonderingly, “Now, be serious.” He tapped his umbrella sternly and Sherlock started. “Out of the twenty-one times there have been attempts at your rehabilitation, how many were conducted with wholehearted, fully invested, genuine efforts on your part to leave the drugs behind permanently?”
“Please, please, please,” Sherlock chanted mindlessly. John spread his knees and pushed them back so that his cock lined up with Sherlock’s twitching entrance. Sherlock lifted his head as far as he could, trying to see the prize he’d been begging for. John was intent with surgical focus on his goal, but shot his eyes up at Sherlock’s and growled at him one last time as he stretched him open finally, “Lie. Still.” He slid in as achingly slowly as he could, wanting to feel every centimeter of his lover, knowing that he was the only one who ever would. He was hot and slick and tight and John pushed, pushed until he came flush up against the round cheeks of Sherlock’s arse. It wasn’t deep enough and John pulled down on Sherlock’s hipbones trying to get deeper inside him.
Sherlock grunted and John said, “Right. Don’t suppose you’re getting up.” He grunted again and John got up. He cleaned himself off and brought a flannel to clean Sherlock up.
He turned away and saw Molly crying at the top of the stairs. He shouted for John.
Sherlock said, “John?” in his little voice and he walked over to him and took Sherlock’s hand.
Sherlock got up wrapped in nothing but his towel and took his place on the massage table. John shook Raul’s hand with the genuine warmth he’d enjoyed from everyone at the gym. He released his hand and Raul went to perform his duties.
Mrs Hudson peeked through the chain on her door, wielding the just-in-case cricket bat they’d bought for her, just in case. “Oh, boys, try to give me a little notice next time if you can. Have fun.” They ignored her. She exchanged the cricket bat for the noise cancelling Bluetooth headphones they’d got her for Christmas and cranked up the ELO.
Sherlock: No.
John licked his lips and looked up and down the street. “Where?”*
Sherlock couldn’t help but wince at the very name. “You’ll be surprised to know that I do have a plan.”
“Good. That’s right.” He put the spool of golden thread down on the night table. “I’m going to touch you now.”
Sherlock snapped his fingers. “Foiled again. You’re too clever for me, Doctor Watson.”
They made their way back to the bedroom and Sherlock took off his dressing gown. He handed it to John, who hung it back up. He paced nervously, bare-arsed while John deliberated, leaning against the back of the door. When he finally he reached a decision, he stuck out his chin and said, “Right, then. I see the point on the following through bit. You’re all correct. Even if you didn’t mean to, your brain would never stop trying to figure out a way to save your arse. If you thought you could wheedle me out of something, you would, you couldn’t help it. So we proceed with the spanking.” Sherlock had stilled and agreed with a fatalistic nod.
“Well done! I would love to hear them.”
“It’s late. I’m hungry and you still owe me 3 more meals. C’mon.” He tickled his fingers up and down his rib cage.
John took a deep breath. “Don’t move. Don’t cross your legs, don’t even twitch your fingers. I will be there in,” he covered the mouthpiece and looked up at the cabbie in the mirror, “New Scotland Yard?” He whispered ‘13’. John spoke to Sherlock again. “13 minutes.” The cabbie pulled another stunt move and they headed back towards NSY.
Sherlock answered, “Yes, sir.”
one.” said John as he pinched his bum.
John sighed, and put aside the letter. He started to tick off on his fingers. “You could clean under the sink where those gelatinous compounds leaked, you could scrub the beakers where you were storing spider venom, you could sort the fingernails into an actual useable collection or you could try the diversions of us ordinary mortals and read a book or watch telly. ” Sherlock gave him a scathing look.
John read aloud as he group-texted.
John cut him off.
“Lift up,” he said, using his finger to raise Sherlock’s chin. He waited for him to open his mouth and placed the pills on his tongue. He held the glass of water to his lips and let him take a few gulps to help the pain reliever go down. Sherlock hated taking pills. He swore he could taste them and follow their course all the way down his throat and into his stomach. John was pleased he hadn’t fussed. Either he was looking forward to the relief or he was feeling compliant. “Good boy.” Sherlock gave a barely detectable wriggle at the praise. John made a mental note to be complimentary today. Sherlock could use some building up. Now for the pants. He raised the dressing gown and grabbed the waistband.
“She’s seen me at my worst.” Stuttering breaths. “She was there when I was at the bottom and she never left my side. She knows how bad it can get.” He was crying now and having trouble speaking. The words could barely make their way out through the tears. “She took me in when nobody else would, after even Mycroft…” The words were interrupted and then drowned in great choking sobs. Sherlock folded his arms under his face and wept. John rubbed his back until Sherlock’s body sagged and there was no tension left in him. He said, “Come here, love,” and drew him up so he could wrap his arms around him and pull his head onto his shoulder. Sherlock clutched at John’s neck and John stroked his heaving shoulders. When he had quieted down some, John reached for the flannel and tilted his shoulder so that he could see Sherlock’s face. He wiped away the tears but Sherlock grabbed it away from him and gave his face a rough scrub. He took several deep shuddering breaths and John combed his fingers through his hair. “You’re alright now. I’ve got you,” and pressed Sherlock’s head back onto his shoulder. He picked up a bottle of water and took a sip for himself and then held it so that Sherlock could drink. He drained it.
Sherlock wisely took note of the clenched fists and fury on his face and removed his feet from the desk, standing up with widened eyes and taking a step backward, with no thought of the rolling chair behind him. Another two steps and his knees buckled against the edge of the seat as it came up flush against the wall. John had come frighteningly close in that time and Sherlock shuffled to the right, trying to put the desk between himself and the approaching thunderstorm. Sherlock considered fear to be one of the more useless emotions that generally clouded reason, but under the circumstances he could appreciate its evolutionary value as a survival instinct.
Shoulders shaking, stamping his foot on the floor, Sherlock choked them out, “He loves me.”
Sherlock dropped his sheet and planted his elbows on the table, holding his cheeks in his hands. “Is all of London sharing in my humiliation?”
“John, really--”
“Answer respectfully. Did you make Mrs. Hudson cry?”
“Yes,” he cried pitifully, “I feel bad and I’m sorry. I wish I hadn’t said it. I feel sorry.” He sounded a bit surprised. Realization came over his face. “I don’t ever want to make her feel bad again. Or you, John.” He clutched again and John pulled him close, whispering in his ear.
“I’m hardly going to combust spontaneously, John, and I’m too sore to wreak any havoc. I’ll be fine. Besides, you’re going to be needing your strength for this evening’s entertainment,” he added glumly.
Sherlock shouted, “That wasn’t rehabilitation! You kept me locked in the house for three weeks! That was imprisonment!”
John drawled in a scholarly tone. “In my professional opinion, you should be shaggable in another 24-36 hours.”
Doug was scratched off John's list for the time being. As they approached John couldn’t help but notice how close Jack was to the fighter’s crotch. His face. A few inches away from his crotch. John’s jaw twitched. His agitation increased when Jack stood up at Mickey’s call. A man no more than perhaps 10 years older than John himself faced them with an open smile. A full head of jet black hair, broad rippling shoulders and 6 feet at least.
Sherlock was now facing front and John addressed him. “I’m going to let go of you now, IF you promise not to make a run for it.”
Sherlock stood up suddenly, almost knocking over his chair, spool gripped tightly in his fist. He looked straight in front of him, turned stiffly and walked away.
The curly-haired head was bent over the microscope, but John thought two feet was close enough to stand to infiltrate his concentration. Perhaps not. He flicked off the light under the slide tray and was rewarded. Sherlock lifted his face then turned with a frown, as if noticing John’s presence for the first time.
“Sorry, sorry, please, in the river, I was halfway in the river!” His shoulders were now curled tightly and shaking.
Sherlock knew the answer, but he asked anyway, in what John thought of as his little voice. “Will you forgive me?” John stood up and held his arms open. Sherlock went to him slowly and curled his arms around him. John took his hand and led him to the sofa. He pulled the gangly beanpole down onto his lap and Sherlock curled up with his impossibly lanky arms wrapped around John’s neck, laying his head down on his shoulder. John kissed his forehead and stroked his fingers through Sherlock’s curls.
She called up the stairs, just to be sure. “You all right, Sherlock dear?”
Sherlock sat up, crossed his arms over his chest and his glare slid into his pout, complete with lower lip extension.
“Hmm. Hurry. Sydney Funnel Web Spiders are very rare and--”
John looked him over and said, “What would feel comfortable?” Sherlock hesitated and then walked directly to the side of John’s chair and sank down onto his knees, lowering himself to his heels, but then rising when the sting changed his mind. He cleared his throat and began to read.
“It’s over now. Come lie down on the bed. I'm here. You’ll be ok.” He pulled him gently around to the side of the bed, grabbing the pillows on the way. He replaced them and when Sherlock eased himself onto the bed, he grabbed one and continued crying into it. Sherlock's hand stole down again to feel the heat and the double lines, running parallel.
Sherlock opened his eyes and tried to draw in more oxygen. He could only gasp out a few words at a time. “Back. Around back, five buildings down. Skips. Bins.”
“Sarah needs to know she can count on me, otherwise she’ll stop calling altogether. And I need to keep up my skills.”
Wednesday
Teasing, he said, “I don’t want you sore again, Sherlock. I don’t want to have to wait to be able to have you again when I want you. Maybe we should keep at it a little while longer.”
John was a bit startled. And then suspicious. That sounded almost like…Sherlock had been considering their…relationship? Asking for something. Completely out of character. Had to be an ulterior motive lurking somewhere. Unfortunately for John, his face was incapable of disguising his thoughts, and utterly transparent to Sherlock.
“And never a thought to helping with Ma when she got battered, then sick. Not coming home for the funeral. She didn’t even show up for what was supposed to be the happiest day of my life. She couldn’t even get herself together enough to come to my wedding.”
“You’ve kept yourself clean. We’ve just been helping. You’re going to spend the day with Lestrade,” Sherlock rolled his eyes and groaned, while John kept talking, “and there’s no way he’s going to let you slip away. He’s better than all of us at keeping his eye on you. He’s certainly the most experienced. And you’re NOT to take that as some kind of challenge.” He removed the pillow again and gave him a very stern look. Sherlock sighed, accepting that he was beaten. For the moment.
John smiled fondly at him from behind his back. “How much longer here? Mrs Hudson will be wanting dinner soon.”
John’s huffing turned into a choking laugh and, panting, he said, “I’m not being punished, you prat. There’s no reason I should be deprived. You ought be grateful I’m being so thoughtful, trying not to tease you with my desire.” Sherlock entered the bathroom, and whispered, with every intention of being heard, “You flatter yourself.” He finished, flushed, and turned the hot water on full blast. John knew he had only seconds before the shower ran ice cold. He rinsed himself frantically of the newly dispersed bodily fluids and shut off the tap quickly. “Looking for revenge, are you?”
Sherlock fisted himself and tried not to let his panting interfere with his sucking. John’s stomach muscles tensed and Sherlock knew he was close. The speed of his head and his hand increased and John whimpered.
“All right then. Five people who love you, afraid for your safety. Five spankings. We’ll use  paddle to start, maybe the slipper, or spoon, but we’ll see, depending on how your arse bears up.” Punishment spankings were administered by paddle, but five in a row was uncharted territory and they’d have to play it by ear. He wanted Sherlock sore, not injured. “Tonight is for Greg, so please get the paddle.” Sherlock sighed deeply but retrieved it from the bureau drawer and handed it over. They had picked it out together, after Sherlock confessed that a hand-spanking didn’t always help focus his attention on improving his behavior. It was broad, black rubber, not quite stiff, with a wooden handle, so that it could be used to sting or to bruise, allowing John to vary his strokes according to Sherlock’s reactions.
Sherlock was practically gasping.
Dismissing the obvious with a haughty wave of his hand, Sherlock continued. “But this is brilliant! It may not be a waste of my faculties at all to work on, ugh, emotions. Studying their links to the higher order processes.” He couldn’t keep the testiness out of his voice. “Can’t we call them something else?”
Another scathing look. He made his way upstairs and shortly John heard him thumping around in the costume boxes. That was a worthwhile pastime. They could use sorting. You never knew when you’d need to go all fancy dress for a case on short notice. The easier it was to find your kit, the faster you’d be undercover. He tried to resist the urge to check on him, reasoning that Sherlock knew he was in enough trouble already, he wouldn’t be pushing any limits.
“In that case…” John tapped against his thighs again.
Sherlock shook his head, sighed and dropped back into John’s lap. John tried again. “What are you doing? There’s no reason we have to have the last round of spanking. I’m declaring you officially pardoned.”
John ignored him and ran for the stairs, giving himself a pep talk on the way. ‘He’s here. That means he couldn’t have left the building because there wasn’t enough time. He’s still clean. He answered the texts and it’s not clear whether he lied yet. Keep calm. Don’t lose your temper. You need to be able to engage in a rational, problem-solving dialogue. He’s more likely to talk if he feels safe.’ He realized he was channeling Ella.
“Option number 1 is to agree to my consequences. Option number 2 is to throw yourself on the mercy of the court, the court being the other unfortunate souls who have made themselves responsible for your safety and well-being, and those are Molly, Greg, Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson. Don’t speak,” he said, holding up his hand as Sherlock drew a breath and opened his mouth, “Those are the only options.”
. To the
Mycroft closed his eyes, lifted his chin toward the ceiling and gritted his teeth. He gave Sherlock a stern look and straining to keep his voice calm, said, “Capacity, Sherlock, and intent. You were impaired at the time of the signing of all contracts and you did not enter into the agreement in good faith. It’s irrelevant.” He took a deep breath. “Tell us how Detective Inspector Lestrade failed you.”
Sherlock nodded and said, “I just want to make sure you’re ready. Don’t want the both of us waddling around tomorrow, do we?” John closed his eyes and dropped his head back with a groan. Sherlock smirked, enjoying being on the other side of the teasing for a change. Another finger eased its way in alongside the first and John shifted on his arse, adjusting to the stretch, not burning but stinging just a bit. “You see. You’ll thank me later.” In fact, he could see John’s hamstrings tensing up as Sherlock’s fingers continued, gently but relentlessly.
“That’s not exactly why Sherlock.” Five spanks on each side, starting just below the line of his hips, with each following spank moving lower on the cheek.
I outrank you and I want him alive. —GL
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Obviously, John, unlike most people, I’ve actually experienced whips, and chains as true restraints, and I assure you the context was as far from sexual as you could possibly imagine. Why would anyone enter into such a vulnerable position voluntarily and expect to experience pleasure?”
Sherlock tore his eyes away from John and wobbled toward it. When he got there, he paused and began to turn around, but John stopped him with a word: “Facedown.”
Dammit, Sherlock, if you don’t answer me in 60 seconds, your arse will need another week off. JW
Sherlock cocked his head and said, “Well?”
“There-satisfied?”
Mycroft closed his eyes and tapped his umbrella on the floor like a headmaster with an impertinent student. “Louder, Sherlock, he can’t hear you.”
As a general rule, the doctor John Watson disapproved of boxing. It was the opposite of everything he’d been taught in medical school. The physical body was supposed to be made whole and healthy, not bruised and battered, certainly not without intent. It was the same reason he hated war. But John found something, the same thing probably, that drew him to the enterprises despite himself. The fact that Sherlock indulged in the sweet science repelled him and enticed him at the same time. Sherlock had a standing sparring session set up by a trainer, Mickey Smith, he’d known since the days when Mycroft and Lestrade were desperate for something to keep him off his substances and out of his mind, when it tortured him and he needed to escape. Boxing centered him in the transport and in the present moment and blessedly turned off the mental machine. Deducing in the ring resulted in split lips and bloody noses and he was a quick study of course. He wasn’t a regular anymore, by any means, but at least once a month or six weeks, whenever they they’d been short of cases, he would pack his gear, give John a casual goodbye and head for the ring.
It was a pleasure watching Sherlock in the ring. What was the phrase? Float like a butterfly, sting like…a bee, that was it. He did float, like a bumblebee, despite his gangly legs. He was smooth and quick, his fists flicking out, faster than John could follow. His bumblebee. Once, his sparring partner grabbed Sherlock in a full body hug, and John blurted out, “What’s that? What are they doing?”
They came in time to view punishment as a kind of a reset button and it was usually followed by weeks and sometimes months of peace on Baker Street.
“MMmmm. No.” He clung on a little tighter.
John looked at him with a frightening smile. “It would be my great pleasure, love,” and he began with his tongue. Sherlock’s head thudded and the table signaled its displeasure. Once John had loosened up the outer ring of muscle with the tip of his tongue, he held the lube over the head of Sherlock’s cock and let a slick stream of it drizzle its way down to the opening that was now twitching in anticipation. He let more drip onto his fingers and circled the entrance teasingly until Sherlock was lifting his hips off the table and trying to thrust himself onto them. John stood up straight and forced Sherlock’s hips down onto the table, which was now swaying under Sherlock’s thrashing. “Hold still now,” he said, in The Captain’s voice, “or you’ll hurt yourself.” He gave him a sharp spank on the side of his arse, just below his hip and in a hoarse whisper said, “I’ll decide if there’s any hurting to be done.”
He picked up his chest and sat back between Sherlock’s thighs again. Sherlock’s hips were twitching from side to side and John put one hand on him to fix him in place. He swirled the tip of his finger in the precome that was dripping from the head of Sherlock’s cock and slid it up the crack of his arse. When he slipped the tip inside up to the first knuckle, Sherlock bucked. John twirled his finger around and around and when he found Sherlock’s prostate, he thought Sherlock would surely snap the threads. He must have realized the danger because he arched his back and froze, except for his head, which was thrashing back and forth on the pillow.
John licked his lips, sitting forward eagerly. “Well. You remember we talked about the fourteenth.”
Sherlock sat up straight and stared at him, unblinking.
Sherlock closed his eyes and whimpered. He reached to put his arms around him, but John pulled away. Sherlock looked up and down the street quickly, grabbed the edges of his coat and pulled them open.
“John, the term is idiot savant.”
He texted him again.
Sherlock nodded somewhat optimistically. Participation was far more than he had hoped for.
“We haven’t had too much experience with that bloody cane either, so just like always, I decide how harsh to be. Sound fair?” He realized by asking Sherlock’s input, he was contradicting his own insistence on making all the decisions. But Sherlock had changed the terms of the agreement when he offered up new information and altered his responsibilities.
Before he spoke, John thought,
“Irrelevant. He always leaves my case notes in the bottom right drawer in a red folder.”
Planning for the worst didn’t seem to be working, time to hope for the best.
The morning was routine enough and John was able to check in between patients. Everything was stable and Lestrade said Sherlock had already identified 4 cases that might have presaged later, more violent crimes and dismissed 32 as “boring.” He’d spent an hour in the mind palace and had never left the chair. At noon, John thought, “So far, so good” and texted his problem child.
John watched him make his way down the stairs, and there was no disguising his discomfort. His usual grace was gone, replaced with a caution and stiffness that signaled nothing other than pain.
Sherlock retrieved his notepad, which John could see, had several pages filled already, despite the “not complaining.” They settled down to work for a few quiet hours, broken only by occasional shifting and groaning when Sherlock tried to find a more comfortable position. He kept at it quite dutifully until, with a great flourish, he tore the filled pages off the notepad and presented them to John.
“No! Please. Please no. Just… Will you stay here? With me, while I try? Or maybe we can ‘work it through’ later on the walk?” using his fingers as quotation marks.
Not yet—JW
Sherlock turned his face into John’s chest and mumbled something that John took to mean, “I’ll try again.”
Mrs. Hudson was not pleased, but honestly, it had been worth it. She had been at her sister’s for the weekend and they’d thought they’d try to make up a plausible story, but a woman who knows where you keep your handcuffs is not easy to fool. She went on and on about how she’d had that table since she’d moved back from Florida and that she was very fond of it, etc. but there were, no doubt, elements of teasing in her questions about how they possibly could have split it down the middle. After John had apologized about seven times and Sherlock had insisted that it couldn’t possibly make any difference how the table had broken, she said, “Well, boys, I’ve been around the block a time or two and if you don’t want to explain what happened, I’ll just draw my own conclusions. But even if I’m not going to get the whole story, could you answer just one question?”
A little incentive never hurt. But no such luck. The pout returned.
With each unanswered text, John’s frustration became more obvious.
John said, “Or you could start on the next letter.”
“…Saturday…eight o'clock… showered and naked… bed...” Sherlock tried to focus on what he was hearing. “no need to worry… Hudson… I’ll take care of everything.”
Sherlock walked over to the wall beside the bedroom door, watching John over his shoulder, halfway between coy and predatory. He rumbled, “On your knees.” John swallowed. When Sherlock reached the wall, he interlaced his fingers behind his head. He reached his arms up towards the ceiling, like a cheetah waking from a nap. His hips thrust forward with the motion and his erection bobbled back and forth, leaving a wet spot on his stomach. He leaned back against the wall and spread his feet shoulder-width. John stared, sliding his hands up and down the sides of his legs.
Sherlock nodded.
Two hours later, John had them at a roti stand near Camden Lock. There was a counter that Sherlock could stand at pecking away at his tandoori, while he and Mrs Hudson sat a picnic table. Sherlock had asked if it was ok if he gave Mrs Hudson the letter while they were out, and John had agreed. He knew Sherlock had had about as much sentiment as he could take for the day, and honestly, Mrs Hudson had been the least concerned of all of them. Maybe she had the most faith? Or the least fear. He was her prodigal son, after all. She would make exactly the right amount of fuss and since they were out and about, he could make an easy escape if he were overwhelmed.
“You scared him, Sherlock. He was afraid of losing you. How could he stand to know that he was responsible for letting you slip away? It would have finished him, you know that, right?”
John couldn’t blame him, but maybe he had been able to reduce his anxiety a bit at the very least.
It's time for reconciliation. John makes Sherlock hand-deliver all his letters of apology, which is far more difficult than enduring physical torture, but better for the soul.
Sherlock buried his hands in his arms and groaned while John drew himself up and for Sherlock’s benefit, said, with a straight face, “That will be quite enough Mrs. Hudson! We’ll replace the table and there’s an end to it!”
Sherlock licked his lips. “Ok. Ok, John.”
John smiled to himself and carded his fingers through the curls, rubbing up and down along his back. He looked over Sherlock’s poor tortured bottom and winced. As much as he wanted to stay on the bed until Sherlock was thoroughly relaxed, the doctor in him wanted to get the paracetamol and the aloe gel to help soothe away the pain that was only going to build over the course of the next 24 hours. Always difficult to balance the needs of the body and the mind with the ordinary human, but as always, Sherlock’s mind took precedence over its transport and John stayed put, soothing and gentling him. It had been a grueling weekend. In spite of John’s best intentions they fell asleep.
Sherlock strode across the lab towards her and she took two steps back. He grabbed her by the elbow and turned, pulling her back towards the door. “Molly. I require your…presence.” As he passed John, he held out his hand and John drew the envelope from his jacket pocket and handed it to him. He drew her into the soundproof room and John watched the pantomime through the glass.
“John...ridiculous.” John could hear him smiling.
Sherlock protested, “Already?”
“Too late.” John gave him a sympathetic smile. “I need to know. Did Mycroft…when you said he overstepped his role, what did you mean?”
John pulled away and tried to catch his breath. He shook his head sadly. “I’m afraid we’re not going to be able to go as slowly as I would have liked.”
But I ain't got the time to spare, yeah
“Stroppy.” John pretended to pout. “Why are you so stroppy? And I’m
Sherlock tried again. “It’s what I said, isn’t it? I called you an idiot, but it’s only because you shouldn’t love me so much. You keep hoping I’m going to change and I’ve tried and I keep failing. And I hate feeling…I don’t know, what do you call it,” he tugged his hair, “…bad, cracked, broken, when I disappoint you and I’m always going to be disappointing you and I hate it.”
“I cannot possibly read while you are thinking so loudly, John. You are obviously struggling with something. Would you care to share? Might I be able to assist perhaps?”
“Sherlock?”
According to the laws of evidence, I must retain a copy of all properly obtained intelligence for 20 years, but I thought you should at least have the opportunity to retain a copy to share with your solicitor should it become necessary for your defense at some point in the future.” John interrupted to rummage around in the box for a memory stick, which he held up to show Sherlock. He put it down on the table as Sherlock paled.
“Please John. The bed. I want you.” The sparks running through him were making it difficult for him to stay upright. “I’m going to wind up on the floor.”
“Time’s up love. Come and kneel by me. Tonight’s punishment is for Molly, and she has a…request, shall we say?”
5 more, a little less forcefully now.
Sherlock’s skin was crawling with need and he was moving restlessly, searching for contact. “Shut up and touch me.” The pent-up tension roughened his voice.
John was a little less frightened. He had picked up a few deductive skills over the years. Sherlock sounded coherent, calm, therefore no heroin or cocaine. No coded phrases, no tapped Morse code, therefore no gun held to his head. Perhaps this was a conversation and not a hostage negotiation.
Sherlock froze and John inserted just the tip of his finger and held it there perfectly still, so that the entire weight of Sherlock’s monumental powers of observation were focused on that precise spot. John pushed in farther and twisted as he went. He began an achingly slow rhythm of in and out until he could feel Sherlock vibrating with tension, like a long-held note on his violin. “Please John, please, more, please.”
Tell me where you are. I’m coming. –JW
“I could be if you wanted, but I believe you mean incubus.”
“NO. You will explain nothing. You will not speak. We are leaving now, before anyone else gets here. They have less self-control than I do and I am not going to put their jobs at risk by letting them get within firing range of you. You’re lucky I left my gun at home because I hardly trust myself at the moment.”
Sherlock shook his head and said, “You still don’t understand, or more likely I don’t know how to explain it properly.” He scratched his head, then came to a decision. “It might be easier for you to understand if it comes from someone on the other side. May I use your phone?” John tilted his head. Phones were off limits during grounding. “I just have to send a text—I’ll show it to you.”
“Tell me again.”
Sherlock took a step then turned around again and asked, “How long this time?”
John fretted about him for quarter of an hour, then luxuriated in the quiet and stillness of the flat, reading a trashy spy novel that Sherlock hadn’t ruined for him yet, and then taking a bath without anyone at all barging in and demanding attention. He ended the bath according to some internal clock that alerted him that Sherlock would be arriving shortly, insisting that he didn’t need any overprotective doctors cleaning up this rather serious scratch that might scar or worrying over that bruised rib, that you never could tell, might be broken. Why the stupid genius couldn’t just ask for what he wanted was something they were still working on.
“Because I was mean to her.” His heart broke and he wept. “I hurt her, John.” John pulled him upright and Sherlock clutched him like a drowning man.
“Sherlock.”
“Six, Sherlock. You have been at the point of death six times.”
Startled, John said, “What? Oh, nothing. Nothing. Eat your soup. Telly after supper?”
“No! It’s not. I’m an awful person. How can anyone love me?” Great wracking sobs.
John laughed and reached around to his bum. He gave him a tiny smack and said, “What did I tell you about smart mouth and sore arse, idiot?” Sherlock yelped and then raided him back.
Sherlock nodded and John looked at him expectantly.
Through gritted teeth, Sherlock said, “Isn’t teasing punishment, John? I thought we were through with that.”
The soup was excellent and he made a mental note to fawn over Mrs. Hudson upon her return. He was grateful once again for his support system. Unconsciously, he mumbled, “It takes a village to raise a child.”
“I hid from Lestrade.” Hitch in his breath.
“Okay, then.” John took his hand and pulled him along. “First. You’ve agreed to all of this right?”
Sherlock walked to the window and checked the sky. “Can’t we wait until dark? The fewer people on the streets the better.”
Sherlock glared but John ignored him. He softened and kissed his forehead. “Try to solve it quickly that’s all, so you can come back home and get naked.”
Leave early?—SH
John said, “Ok, now pull it slowly, and then snap it. See how much tension it takes.”
Sherlock nodded, then remembered and smiled at himself, embarrassed.
Sherlock still marveled that he, he, could bring John to the edge. That his attention could take his breath away. “Mmm. It’s been a while, you know. I want to be sure you’re really ready. I wouldn’t want you to wind up with a sore arse or anything.” He let go and gave John’s ass a swat, and then a pinch. John jerked away at the sensation and Sherlock’s finger popped out. “Oh no! We’ll have to start again!”
Great, thought John as he hung up.
John slipped out of his robe and slid into the bed in his boxers. As soon as Sherlock felt the dip in the mattress he rolled over and flung his arm across John’s chest. As standoffish and averse to touch as he was with others, he was a positive heat-seeking missile for John. He wondered if that was what mother koalas felt like. He supposed that if he could, Sherlock would choose to be carried around in a sling all day. Not that he was complaining-the tenting of his pants argued in favor of skin-to-skin contact. John turned towards him and slid his hand up the inside of his leg, humming when his wrist bumped into a cock that wasn’t quite as far along as his own. He decided to fix that.
“You’ll stop.”
Sherlock stammered and spluttered and it took a few more seconds before John realized, finally, that coherent words would not be coming out of Sherlock’s mouth until John took his hand from between his legs. His clothed legs. The only part of his body with clothes on it, except for the coat.
Sherlock looked up at John, eyes red and streaming, his nose dripping, a complete mess. He struggled to catch his breath and John heard the little voice for the first time.
John frowned and said, “’Fraid so. Worst ever. Should we start taking photos so you can compare data?” He was joking, but Sherlock perked up a bit at the thought. John gave him a frustrated look and said, “No, idiot, you’re supposed to say, ‘Not necessary, Captain, this will be the last time I ever need a thrashing because I’m going to be on my best behavior from now on. I’ve learned my lesson.’”
Sherlock looked up at him again and said in a dejected voice, “Once again, John, you see, but you do not observe. You cannot give me a reprieve. As much as I am desperate to avoid more…” he hesitated over the embarrassing word again, swallowing, “…spanking, you have to proceed as planned.”
John gave a curious half smile and asked, “Featherweight? I don’t understand.”
“And you ask what I’m worried about?”
“Jesus, you’re a goddamned succubus.”
“For god’s sake, Sherlock, I’m a surgeon. I’m pretty good with my hands.”
John nodded in admiration. “It’s perfect. I won’t have to arbitrate between you, like you’re a couple of toddlers.”
The water in the shower, and John, cooled off simultaneously and he dried off thinking happily that the punishment would be over soon. He was not worried in the slightest that his morning wanks would detract from the eventual celebratory downpour that would end the five-day drought. He couldn’t wait to get his hands, mouth, cock on him. Or in him. Or both. When he opened the door, he was startled to see Sherlock standing waiting for him. “You took too long. I got lonely,” he pouted. John smiled and gave him a kiss. “Well, I’m here now. Did you let the toast burn? Let’s go eat.”
He turned back to Sherlock and closed the distance he’d put between them, ratcheting back up the tension in the room, but he merely grabbed Sherlock in a crushing hug and muttered in his ear, “Day 47. Good on you, you nerve-racking little prick.”
Sherlock shouted after him, “No wanking in there! I’m timing you!” John made a very rude gesture at him behind his back. On his way out, he grabbed the tablets and another glass of water. He gestured with his chin and Sherlock opened his mouth again. John popped the tablets in.
“I’m going to be so very bored,” he muttered tragically.
Sherlock was breathless. “I took it out to box. Otherwise…”, he trailed off, trying to suck in some air, “since I decided you were coming with me.”
Lestrade poked out the side of his cheek with his tongue and nodded slightly. He looked at John who asked the question with a tilt of his head and Lestrade answered with a satisfied nod. He took the red folder from his desk drawer and handed it to Sherlock who reached for it eagerly. John held up his hand and intercepted it. Sherlock froze, looking at him questioningly. With his other hand, John took an envelope out of the inside pocket of his jacket and handed it to Sherlock. Sherlock frowned at him, but John raised his eyebrows. With exaggerated restraint, Sherlock took the envelope between forefinger and thumb, lifting his lip as if it were a soiled tissue. He held it over the desk to Lestrade, who was thoroughly confused by now. As Lestrade took it, Sherlock looked back at John, holding out his hand expectantly for the folder, but John tilted his head toward Lestrade and waited.
For once there was a cab right in front. He checked the cabbie’s face against the license, a habit he’d picked up a couple of years ago, and told him “Brixton, quickly please.”
“Go ahead, try. You’ll never figure it out.”
John was soberly looking down assessing Sherlock’s readiness, and said, “Hold still. I want to stretch with one more finger, I don’t want to --”
John could imagine the scene. Sherlock would have been anxious and overwhelmed; disappointed in Greg not being able to read his mind. Those emotions would have been much too uncomfortable. Better to get angry and feel clever. It felt like a realistic scenario to John. Sherlock had been woken up early to hear bad news and he could have been tired. Or just relieved to be in the dark and away from the racket. John nodded and said, “Thank you for being honest. It will help us figure out how to keep things like that from happening again. Now…”
He lifted his hand and let it rest along the warm length without moving until he felt it start to twitch and swell. He hummed again and began to squeeze gently and slide his fingers up and down until some of his other parts began to stir as well. Sherlock drew his leg up until his knee was resting on top of John’s, allowing him more access to the growing thickness.
When he caught his breath, he said, “What do you want?” John cleared his throat and said, “It’s your show, Sherlock. Tell me what to do” After a grounding, the arrangement specified that Sherlock could dictate the terms of the reconciliation sex. He was the one who had suffered most through the drought. It was a tease, being bare-arsed over John’s lap, struggling to avoid arousal, at least at the beginning of the spanking. Sherlock was strictly hands-off; John had still had the shower, after all. And it was a relief for him to let Sherlock take charge after days of emotionally draining decision-making. It was a balancing act; trying to help Sherlock understand the facts of the punishment, to help him accept it, learn from it and to keep him stable. Caring for him afterward. The physical aspects were taxing as well. He was ready for a break and willing to follow Sherlock’s lead.
Beggin' on my knees baby, won't you please?
Sherlock snorted. “You mean, you’ll be wanting dinner soon.”
taking up ballet, John
Sherlock reopened his eyes, said, “Yes, John,” in a voice hushed with excitement. John grabbed one of the pillows and handed it to him. Sherlock slid it under John’s hips as he lifted himself up. He spread his legs and gave Sherlock a stern look. “I’m knackered, so if you want this, you’re going to have to do all the work. And once you’re done with that, you can have your way with me,” He teased and waggled his eyebrows.
After completing a tiny squirm at the praise, Sherlock said, “He won’t be able to say a word. No condescension or gloating, no opportunity for sentiment. Complete, compulsory silence.”
“You prick. You thoughtless, infuriating... Do you have any, the slightest idea of what you just put us all through? You have terrified everyone who cares about you and has been trying to keep you safe.”
“Sherlock? Sherlock. Sherlock!”
“You know where,”* Sherlock said looking down at himself with a smirk.
“I understand, John.” He took a deep breath. “I’m in charge. Keep going.”
Thirty-three hours later, they returned to 221B, Sherlock filthy, from scouring the banks of the Thames at low tide, and John carrying a sack of Chinese takeaway, stumbling from exhaustion. Sherlock was happily manic, flitting about the flat like a hyperactive moth. John allowed him 15 minutes of purposeless hyperactivity and non-stop jabbering. Then he told him to go take a shower. He tried again. The third time, he stood up straight and raised his voice. “Sherlock.” It cut through Sherlock’s frenzy like a surgeon’s scalpel.
“She was sad.” And now he was definitely crying. John was amazed. He had gone at Sherlock’s bum for half an hour last time, caned him once, and his respiration had never changed.
“Wake up, love. I need to take care of your bum.”
They stood together in silence for a few moments, until Sherlock shook his head, to clear it, and said, “Don’t wait up.” John grabbed him for a kiss and he left with his usual flourish.
The dishes were finished and John recognized the anxiety Sherlock was attempting to disguise as annoyance. Calmly he said, “I’m afraid that’s exactly what you need to do. Remember that’s what punishment is for? To bring you to understanding and change through suffering? If you can’t figure it out, maybe you should spend some time in the corner, working it through—”
Sherlock was quick and John almost wished he’d been a little slower. He usually assigned Sherlock some corner time before a spanking, to still the great mental machine and help focus his attention on the reasons for the upcoming punishment. The anticipation increased the anxiety as well and was an additional aspect of the punishment itself. This time John knew that Sherlock was already in the proper frame of mind, after the extensive discussions they’d had and the heartfelt words in the letter. John felt he was more in need of the focusing himself. He headed for the shower when Sherlock finished.
To Tiaoconnell, I offer garlands of laurel and armfuls of lilies. Thanks pal. You're the best.
“Move.”
If you're enjoying this, please let me know. Comments=love.
“Unfortunately Sherlock, your gigantic brain has failed once again to act on Newton’s 1st law: to every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. You can’t avoid consequences and facing Mycroft appears to be the first. You actually might prefer facing him over me.”
As they did the washing up, John asked, “So what are your plans for today? Walk now or later?”
She joined John in the kitchen, working on the sandwiches and he asked, “Would you like to join us Mrs. Hudson?” Sherlock widened his eyes at him, but to his relief, she said, “Oh no. In fact I’m heading to my sister’s for the weekend.” She flashed a knowing look at Sherlock. “I know you boys are going to be…busy…and…well, you know, sometimes you need a little privacy.” John turned to enjoy the blush he knew would be creeping up Sherlock’s cheeks. So pretty against the whiteness of the sheets. Sherlock ignored them both, attempting to maintain his poise to no effect.
“Fuck, Sherlock.”
When he gathered his strength, John grabbed him under the arms and pulled him to his chest, then collapsed back onto the bed. They clutched each other and rubbed their hips together sending tremors back and forth between them, as long as their sensitivity would allow. When their breathing had settled a bit, Sherlock crawled up over him to lie on his side while John followed him. John drew him close, ignoring the stickiness on his chest. When it started to dry, John pulled away and lifted his lip in distaste at the sensation. “So glad I took a shower.”
“Did you have tea?” He picked up the mug and held it to Sherlock’s lips. He glared and drank. “Did you take your paracetamol?”
“In addition, spanking every night, enough that you’ll be sleeping on your front for a week. That’s for Greg. He’ll recognize the signs.”
John laid his hands on the table. “I have an older sibling too, remember? I’m a baby brother just like you are. You want to hear me whinge about my older sister? How about this? That scar on the back of my right arm? You asked me how I got that but I let you think it was just another mark from Afghanistan. Well it wasn’t. That was from my da’s belt. I was eight years old. He was drunk and Harry had tipped over the last of one of his bottles to keep him from drinking any more of it. When she saw the murder in his eyes, she told him I’d done it. And she watched while he went after me with the buckle end. I was covering my head, Sherlock. And he cut the back of my arm open. It should have been stitched, but Harry said that that would just make him angrier, and don’t tell Ma because she would feel bad. She was only ten. I didn’t blame her. She had no courage, she never did. But she grew up.”
Sherlock might have been delighted to be surprised by his clever lover at another time, but his shoulders sagged a few seconds later and John knew he was frustrated not to be finished yet. When the timer finally went off, Sherlock asked, “Am I finished now?” and John said, “Yes,” mildly. Sherlock whirled around and said accusingly, “That was more than 20 minutes.” Mildly again, John said, “Yes. I believe I told you that wasn’t what you were to be thinking about. Do you remember what you were supposed to be thinking about?”
“I know this will be difficult for you, Sherlock, but I don’t want you to speak. At all. Nod your head if you understand me.”
“What did you do?”
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson, I will be standing for the foreseeable future, thank you for your consideration.” He walked with as much self-respect as he could muster to the table but as he passed her, she gave him a swat and said firmly, “That’s for worrying me to death, young man. I’m not as young as I used to be and you can’t be trying my nerves like that anymore.”
“Yes, sir,” just this side of snark.
“Yes, Captain, yes John, please. I’m ready.”
Sherlock whined and wiggled his arse around trying to find John’s hand. “And you knew I was gonna fuck you after that too.” He gave him another slap then leaned down to bite him. Sherlock gulped in air, as if maybe he could swallow it, since he didn’t seem to be able to draw in any to his lungs. “Well, you got what you wanted.”
Sherlock gave him a suspicious look. “In that case, I withdraw my offer.” He ostensibly returned to his article, but the combination of curiosity and anxiety rendered him incapable of reading.
John shouted. “Shut up and tell me where you are, you bloody bastard!”
John grabbed him by the lapels and pulled him close and tight. “Anybody ever tell you you're a genius?” He bit the side of his neck and scraped the surface of his skin with his teeth.
“Ow, ow, that hurts, John, ow.”
“Do you want some—“ He cut himself off, knowing he’d get no answer and made toast for the both of them. When breakfast was ready, he waited for a break in the serenade, took the bow from Sherlock’s hand and laid it on the music stand. He got a glowering for his trouble, but followed through, saying, “Come and eat.” Sherlock put the violin in the case reluctantly. John grabbed a cushion from the sofa and took Sherlock by the hand. He wanted him to have at least one slice so he opened the bidding: “Two slices of toast.”
“Yes, well. He could just deny all responsibility, all knowledge of me. His life would certainly be easier.”
Sherlock’s trunks were sliding over the swells of said arse and John couldn’t stop himself from glaring around, daring anyone to slide their eyes over his detective, even though the room was empty of anyone else at the moment.
John did recon. The alley was lit by a single meagre bulb. The others had all been broken off in their sockets. There were two skips on one side and three on the other, with bins in between them. The arrangement would leave them almost completely sheltered from the street. John was weak with relief, as walking was quickly becoming impossible. They had to weave in between the obstructions and he pulled Sherlock towards the back of the alcove and stopped in his tracks. There were concrete stairs flush against the wall leading up to a door, held shut with a lock and chain. There was a handrail made of pipe on the other side. The top step was just about waist high. Sherlock’s waist high. John turned to him with a conspiratorial smile. “You knew exactly what you were doing. How long have you been plotting this, you sly fox?"
Tonight's punishment is on Mycroft's behalf and calls for a more formal setting.
“You have permission to deduce now. How did Mrs. Hudson feel?” John had forbidden Sherlock from deducing during spankings. It took him away from the immediacy of the experience.
“He caned you, didn’t he?”
Sherlock sighed in resignation. “I guess I don’t have a choice then.” He groaned and stretched and John retrieved the gym bag. As they walked through the maze of bins, Sherlock looked back wistfully and said, “I’m sorry to lose that plug.”
, although in fact, Kasseem kept turning his head around to chat with John. “What did you think of the bout? You’ve never seen him before, have you? He’s light on his feet, isn’t he?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and shooed him away. “You’re fussing. Go.”
After they deposited Mrs Hudson off, John took a shower. When he finished Sherlock was sprawled on the bed with his dressing gown on. He drew it up over his backside so John could “fondle my arse. You’re not fooling me, Captain. I know you just can’t wait to get your hands on it and your cock in it again.”
Sherlock drew a deep breath. “Yes, Captain. Sunday night.”
“Where were you?”
“Not surprised at all. Pleased. Right chuffed. I knew you could do it. Care to share?”
“Mmm.”
“Five,” and with dudgeon, “but two of them were later placed under investigation, so I don’t think they should count.” He tilted his aristocratic nose upward. “Obviously, they didn’t know what they were doing.”
Looking at him very severely, Sherlock said, “You’re not working tomorrow.”
“Wait. What? What are you saying?” He sat up. “Naked? Lie still you said? Let you? What? Let you what?” He pushed John away from where he had gone back to sucking on his neck and he finally let go with a kind of wet popping noise. “What did you just make me promise?”
THE PRESENT
“One for attitude. For a genius you can be astonishingly stupid. Was the sarcasm worth it?”
John’s tongue slid out of his mouth and drew back over his bottom lip. “What’s this, then?” Sherlock looked like a siren and he felt like a sailor about to crash on the rocks. He had a feeling he wouldn’t regret it in the slightest.
Sherlock turned away in disgust.
He squeezed a generous amount of gel onto each round, pink, pillowy globe. With a feather-light touch he spread the gel out to the edges of the discolored skin, while Sherlock took deep breaths and made whining noises. When John had finished admiring the color, he replaced the cloth and said, “I’m going to massage around it now. If we can increase the blood flow, it’ll speed the healing and reduce the swelling.”
Sherlock shook his head disapprovingly. “Shame on you, Three-Continents Watson. What exactly have you plotted to force me into? Is this about that…thing? That you…you know.”
He was still such a child: vulnerable though he tried to hide it, insecure despite his intellectual superiority, and afraid of loss, no matter how John tried to reassure him. He pushed down a wave of sympathy and tried to take his eyes off that luscious lower lip.
John tossed an object carefully wrapped in clingfilm and sealed inside a biohazard bag to Sherlock, who caught it neatly on the fly.
Half. SH
John’s mobile chirped with messages, first Molly:
Wrong question again. It’s almost 4. Where are you? –SH
Sherlock suddenly arched his back and stiffened and then he was coming all over John’s fist and jacket. When he finally went limp and finished shuddering, John returned to his two-handed hold of Sherlock’s hips, and his onslaught, panting and pumping, chasing the orgasm that was coiled tight in his belly, collecting itself at the base of his groin. Sherlock groaned in overstimulation as John found his prostate, and the knowledge that he had wrung him dry, sent John spinning into a funnel of sensation. He came with a groan and collapsed on top of Sherlock, unable to move, both from physical exhaustion and the strength of his climax. He rode it out and recovered slowly. Eventually, his concern over their precarious position and his lover’s likely discomfort roused him.
Plan? JW
“Why did she do that?”
“If it’s supposed to hurt, why do you try to make it feel better?”
Since Sherlock wasn’t willing to give up his affected martyrdom yet, he shifted gingerly and said, “Not even close, John. I’ll have you know I’m in continuous agony.”
Get your mind out of the gutter, you.” Thoughtfully, he added, “Although, we could add a leotard to the costume box.” After a few moments, he continued in a husky voice. “Your birthday is coming up.”
“For being an arrogant sod. I’m a doctor, you git. By definition, I know more about the human body than you do.”
John slammed his mug down on the table and shouted back. “Your body, Sherlock! Where was your body?”
“Who found you after your 17th birthday overdose, when the temperature was below zero?”
“Good morning, Sunshine. Happy anniversary.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes at him. “I’m tougher than the thread, John, get on with it.” His sarcasm was undermined a little by his open-mouthed panting.
Angelo slid his eyes between them, trying to figure out what wasn’t being said, but gave it up and changed the topic. “Okay then, two weeks, Saturday night. Best table in the house, candles, wine, no, champagne…” They left as he was making his plans, John carrying the bags so Sherlock could keep his hands in his pockets. The trip home was a bit quicker since Sherlock had worked out some of the stiffness, but he was still walking like a sailor. Or a cowboy?
I’m out looking—
John said, “Hmm. For a minute, I thought you might have been complimenting me, but you just used me to wipe your nose again, didn’t you?”
“I tried so hard to be good, to keep him off of us, but she didn’t care. She would wind him up and then storm out, leaving Ma behind and me trying to keep him off her. She stole the grocery money to buy her own liquor so Ma would have to stretch the meat. We’d go short so Da wouldn’t notice."
Where would Sherlock go if he were trying to resist the pull?
He undid the button and caught the zipper of his flies in his teeth, pulling it down, then kissing the exposed areas with “that brilliant fucking mouth of yours,” John helpfully pointed out. The commentary drew a sound from Sherlock: whine? Whimper? Bravely, he carried on by sliding his hands underneath John’s widened legs and squeezing the cheeks of his arse, kneading and pinching just shy of leaving bruises. He teased him through his pants, licking and nipping until they were damp with all sorts of bodily fluids. He caught the fabric between his lips and pulled back a little, letting it snap back when he let go. Sherlock made obscene noises and blew soft breaths up and down the length of him, shaft and bollocks, the cool air raising goose-bumps all over John and loosening his death-grip on the seat.
“Not sure. I’ll have to try the trousers on. But they’re probably too tight now that you’ve overstuffed me for 3 days,” he scowled. John ran his hands from his waist, up his ribs and scowled back. “You’re still too skinny.” He spun him around and pushed him toward the bedroom with a tap on his arse.
The spankings are over for Sherlock and now it's time for make-up sex!
Now Sherlock twitched away. “Ow,” he laughed. “Again. The other one. Of course.” He buried his face in his arms and groaned. “I forgot the socks.”
“What about it is embarrassing, exactly?”
John puffed out “God, you’re cruel, stop messing about.” and lowered his head to the bed and wagged his arse in circles, trying to entice Sherlock into entering him. He growled, “Come on. Come on. You’re taking too long.”
Sherlock looked at it sceptically, saying, “I don’t know…”
Sherlock’s head was swimming, whether from his rapid shallow breathing or his craving for John’s touch, wasn’t clear to him. He kicked off his shoes, and drew the trousers down, concentrating on the slide of them over his bare arse after so many days of avoiding any friction. As he stepped out of them, he ran his hands over the skin, until John’s self-control broke. He stepped forward, growling, “Mine.” The trousers were kicked out of the way with violence and John placed Sherlock’s hands around his own waist. He took over, sliding his hands all over Sherlock’s silk shirt, savouring the cool slip of it over his warm skin. It gave them both an additional layer of sensation and Sherlock moaned. John lifted the shirt, finally touching the skin, just as silky under his fingertips. Surgeon’s hands, still not sensitive enough, still not able to feel as much he wanted. He jerked Sherlock’s hips forward and Sherlock’s head fell back.
“Yes, sir.”
Sherlock was still lying on top of him when he woke John up not much later with a low groan. He had hardly stirred, but even that subtle movement awakened the ache that was stalking him. John knew it wouldn’t only be his bottom that would be feeling the pain. A spanking engaged muscles that were rarely used. They would be strained from tensing up and moving in atypical ways. Sherlock’s whole body would be stiff and sore, some parts more than others, of course. John needed to get up and help start him healing. Besides that, he needed to pee. But the warm weight pinning him to the bed reminded him how much he had missed the feel of Sherlock’s solid physical body, the mass and contours of it. He used his hands to map him out again, to touch him, to satisfy his animal hunger for him.
“Fuck, Sherlock. What are you waiting for?”
The temptation to grip Sherlock’s hair and shove his head down caused John’s arm’s to tremble. He hissed in frustration. Sherlock rumbled, “My favorite flavor. They don’t carry it in the shops.” He opened his mouth and slid his lips down again, achingly slow, up and then down, dipping lower each time. He sucked in on the next pull and suddenly, John’s restraint snapped.
Sherlock wrapped his arm around him and tried to snuggle closer. John caressed him, humming tunelessly while the crying tapered off into sniffling. He whispered reassurances into his ear and held on tight. “You’re not alone. Just breathe with me now. That’s it.” Eventually, Sherlock lifted his head and tried to make eye contact.
Even if Sherlock had been able to construct a sentence, he wouldn’t have been able to articulate it. His mouth was too dry to speak. John took another quick glance around the corner.“Where can we go? Hurry up! You know a place Sherlock, you’ve got the bloody map of London in your head. Can’t you see we’re wasting time?”* John ran his hand up the center of Sherlock’s chest, which was rising and falling rapidly. “Oh God, somebody’s gonna come out of the gym any second. Is your arse naked too?” He commanded now, “Think!”
“You’re going to have to help me a little bit love. I don’t want to scrape the cloth against any part of you. Front or back.” The sliding of the slippery cloth would not help him through the 4-day drought he was facing. Since it had been awakened, Sherlock’s libido was on a hair trigger. He lifted his hips and grabbed the front of the pants and John stretched the back. Between the two of them, they managed to maneuver them down with no contact.
“Oi! Captain’s on leave till Monday.” said John and he poked Sherlock in the ribs with a single finger. The honorific “Captain” was reserved for playtime and John would not let Sherlock change the mood. “Keep your mind out of the gutter. You’re in disgrace, remember.” Sherlock stuffed his face into his pillow and John heard an indistinct, “Sorry, sir.”
John said, “Ok then. Think about how terrible the rehab centers were and how you’d change them. While you’re doing that, I’m going to try to make myself back into that person you said you trusted.”
Mycroft: What?
He heard another alert and told Greg to hold on. He looked at the screen and saw Mycroft’s message: “HOW IN GOD’S NAME DID HE GET AWAY?” He’d be ignoring that one.
“Oh, right, uh, let’s see. Featherweight is one of the lowest weight classes in boxing. You can only have a true bout between fighters in the same weight class. It’s like a jockey on a horse. If you don’t make the weight, the fight is off. We’d schedule bouts for Sherlock and he’d come in half a stone under, looking like a walking stick. Or, sometimes, worse, hyped up.” John tilted his head.
When he reached some internal level of prepared, Sherlock stepped away from the bag and came toward the ring. He stepped into some kind of thick, padded jock strap that outlined his groin, actually directing the eye towards his pelvis, when you could take your eyes off the pale sculpted muscles of his chest. John’s jaw shifted from side to side.
“They are all corollaries, aren’t they? The positive emotions are correlated with the negative ones. Why Mycroft warned me off them all those years. And the,” deep breath, “punishments are only effective concomitant to the positive emotions others have…”
Did the whole world know about his black sheep?
Sherlock ignored him and continued to complain. “I hate breakfast. And I won’t even be able to sit through it.” He started to move himself gingerly onto all fours and John quickly looked away, not wanting to risk the temptation of the sight of Sherlock on all fours, naked below the waist, perfectly round, pink cheeks... Right. He retrieved the dressing gown from the floor and as Sherlock backed off the bed and put his feet on the floor, John slid the robe onto his shoulders. Sherlock hissed when the silky material slid against his aching rear.
“I think my arse will keep me warm all by itself. You’re going to stay, right?” he asked in his little voice. “To keep me warm, I mean,” he added hurriedly.
John rubbed the side of his head in the depression below his temple, where the hand drill of a migraine was beginning to twist.
Sherlock stuttered out, “Technically, according to my count, three, but according to your calculation, that would be number one.”
“Before you decide to go without pants, how thick is the weave? I suggest you hold them up against the window to check their transparency.”
John smiled at the checkout girl and she asked, “Is that your kid?”
John signed his name at the bottom of the page with his tightly curled penmanship and handed Sherlock the pen. His signature contained many fewer flourishes than usual. Sherlock started to hand the paper back to John, but he gestured with his chin towards the fireplace. Sherlock walked over and prised the dagger from the Cluedo board pinned against the wall. He folded it and slid it onto the bookshelf between Chemical Analysis of Asiatic Soil Samples and John’s copy of “Top Gear’s Jags and Porsches”. He stabbed the contract deep into the mantel.
“Tell me what will make you happy. I’ll get it. I’ll take care of it, whatever it is.” John caressed his cheeks and tilted up his jaw and kissed him more deeply. Sherlock grabbed him and pulled him closer, trying to prolong the kiss, but John pulled away again and said, “That’s the beauty of this gift, love. You don’t have to do anything. I’ll take care of everything.” John whispered in his ear again. “You just have to lie back and enjoy yourself. You don’t even have to move. Just lie still and let me do what I want to you.” He took Sherlock’s earlobe between his teeth and squeezed it ever so gently, then sucked it like a baby with a dummy.
“He deployed his resources.”
Sherlock said, “Yes, please.” Then, very seriously, “Keep going.” His pupils were blown wide open.
, “Ring rats are the girls who follow the wrestling stars around, trying to get a leg over. Kasseem’s not the type,” he said teasingly. “He prefers boxers, don’t you Kasseem?”
It took him a couple of tries, but Sherlock finally got the words out. “I’m ok.”
After three rounds, the bout was over and Jack took Sherlock by the cheeks—his cheeks!—and took something out of his mouth. He helped him step out of his groin protector
“Aaaangh…”
“Why are you being punished Sherlock?”
A brief pause and then, miracle of miracles,
A little softer now, with five more stinging slaps. “And what was she frightened about?”
John gave him a nip on the very same lips.
“I’ll be wanting evidence. Call me if you need backup.”
“I was…under the Tower Bridge.” Seven smacks fell quickly on his left cheek, popping loudly against his skin and he was breathing like a runner.
Can I still yell? Just to clear the slate.--GL
“My brother.”
It was all fine; they were still playing. “Oh, all right. Bossy.” Sherlock devoted his laser-like attention to John’s arsehole, dripping more lube onto his hand and reestablishing his first finger quickly. He sped up when he was able to slide the second inside along the first and John gave him a lovely moan as encouragement. He twisted them and began scissoring slowly drawing the fingers out to stretch the rim. When they had relaxed sufficiently, Sherlock added a third finger, triangulating them to simulate the width of the cock that would be entering soon. John groaned, “That’s it, I’m ready. Go ahead. Use your cock now. I want you inside me. God, hurry up!”
“Mycroft.”
“Dinner in an hour, Sherlock, how far have you gotten?”
John gave him a severe look. “I thought we’d established that you’re to stay covered in public. And besides, yours is not much better.” Sherlock looked startled and stood up, pulling the coat to the side to try to get a look at the lining, but John smacked his hand. “Button that up and leave it alone. We’ll take care of it when we get home.” To himself mostly, “Speaking of which, how are we going to get home? Not even you are going to be able to get a cab from here...Budge over.” John sat down next to him and Sherlock leaned his head onto his shoulder.
Greg cursed under his breath and John could almost see him grinding the heel of his hand into his forehead.
“Masseuse? There’s a masseuse at the gym?”
Thank you to all of you who have been sticking with me on this narrative path. Every comment is like a hot toddy of endorphins right into the vein, so please let loose!
John looked down and smiled. “Sherlock, I’m going to walk out with Hudson. I want to pick up a few last minute things. You’ll be alright?”
Unable to steel himself against it, he meekly responded, “Yes, Captain. One more day.” He perked up a bit. “For a decision! Not the delivery!”
“Ah.” John pulled the top of the newspaper again ignoring Sherlock’s growl. “I think I’m going to impose a deadline. That will help.” He expected an outburst and he was not surprised.
He got home an hour later replete with hackneyed Valentine’s Day accessories: chocolate covered strawberries, pink candles, champagne, flowers, a frilly greeting card and a small rectangular package wrapped in red paper and a lacy doily, tied up with a pink satin ribbon. He dumped everything on the table and bustled about the kitchen, retrieving a vase and putting up a pot of water for pasta. Sherlock rolled his eyes but reached for the package. John grabbed it first and held it behind his back, grinning. “No you don’t. Eight o’clock, remember? And no deducing before then!” The stern look was accompanied by a finger poking into Sherlock’s chest.
“I’ll follow directions and stay where I’m put.”
“Lazy git.”
Sherlock eased himself down, wincing a little, but finally settling himself. He sighed and nodded at him.
By the time John got back, Sherlock was buttoned up in his coat and ready to leave. He’d obviously been counting on the silly little brains of the gym members to fail to notice his trousers. Only John would be quick enough to observe that he had switched out his usual bespoke wool for black leather. While John tried to process the image of
Molly looked up in surprise. “Sherlock! John. You’re here. I mean obviously, you’re here. I wasn’t expecting you. I thought you had…oh, but yesterday…I should known because the lipstick…anyway, pay no attention. Hello. How are you? Both of you.” She looked down and away. “Anyway. Coffee?”
Sherlock grinned back at him and said, “You’re the doctor.” They were both starved for touch, but it pained Sherlock more.
John crawled over him and threw an arm and leg over and they fell asleep.
Finally, Sherlock broke. “Well?”
Uh-oh, John thought. The officers were coming back for shift change. John knew it would be noisy and busy as they checked in, shouted greetings, compared notes on the day.
John shook his head with a little smile. “I should have known you’d outsmart me.” He allowed Sherlock a moment of smugness, then took him down a peg again. “But the letter has to be delivered before Monday. As in, by Sunday night.” Sherlock deflated again. John raised his eyebrows and waited expectantly.
John walked over and put his hand on his shoulder. He was tempted to take a peek, but Sherlock stood and handed over the pages freely. “Time to get ready, I assume?” John squeezed his shoulder and said, “Take a shower and I’ll read this, although maybe I shouldn’t. Will your remorse soften me? Weaken my resolve?”
He heard Mrs. Winslow as the door closed, “You love them to death, but children can be such…”
John considered. “Let’s take it one step at a time. I’m not really sure I could either.”
John leaned over and whispered into Sherlock’s ear, “Are you waking up my sleeping beauty?” giving the lobe a tiny nibble. He was gratified by a low grumble coming from deep in Sherlock’s chest. He pried off his limbs reluctantly and untangled the sheets. (Sherlock was always tangled in the sheets.) He pushed on his shoulder so that he was flat on his back and straddled him. He slid his hands down over Sherlock’s collarbones, and paused at his nipples to give them some attention on the way, just the lightest of circling strokes. Against his back, he could feel that Sherlock had now attained his usual morning erection. Already halfway there, he thought. Sherlock grumbled some more.
“Hmm.”
“We’re losing precious time John.”
Sherlock reached behind with one hand and said, “Ow! Completely redundant and unnecessary, Mrs. Hudson! John will be exacting revenge on your behalf this evening, I assure you!”
John laughed at him. “That’s very insightful of you, love. Now. What are you going to do about it?”
“And what else?”
He pulled back slowly and then slammed his hips up against Sherlock’s still bruised arse, over and over again, making up for his earlier lack of purpose with a hard driving flurry of fucking. Sherlock grunted with every stroke and every time his eyes drifted closed, John called him back, “Open your eyes,” “Watch me,” “I’m here,” not wanting Sherlock to try to find some out-of-the-way place in his mind palace to start cataloguing and memorizing the feelings. He wanted him right there with him, struggling to catch up with what John was doing to his transport, with how completely and thoroughly he was being fucked.
“She loves me and I was mean to her.”
John was breathing heavily and he rose up a bit to let Sherlock slide the pants and trousers off him. When he was uncovered, Sherlock smiled and said, “Ice lolly for dessert.” He licked all the way around under the crown as and took him in his hand. John watched his tongue as it set fire to his skin and then left it, so that it cooled as Sherlock’s exhaled. “It’s dripping. I don’t want to let any go to waste.” He stared at the reddening shaft, mesmerized, anticipating the raw pleasure of taking it into his mouth. He had to swallow the saliva that was threatening to leak from between his lips.
“May I borrow yours?” John considered but decided against it. No need to give him the opportunity to get into more trouble.
Sherlock took the position over John’s lap again, but his erection was decidedly gone this time. John took a deep breath and said, “Five by paddle Sherlock, then twenty by hand. I want you to know that’s off by five from what I was planning on before and that’s what it will be. That’s only to set off the caning. I’m not cutting back because of your letter or because you were honest about the, you know, reprieve thing. We’ll figure out another way to reward you for making that decision.” Sherlock looked around at him with a soft face and nodded. John cupped his cheek with his hand for a moment.
“You don’t understand, John. Why should I need to apologize to him, for anything I’ve done. He’s provoked me into most of it, interfering since the day I was born, treating me as if I l were still a child. Even when we were children, he considered himself a second mummy to me,” jeering, “as if he were responsible for every aspect of my existence. And therefore, entitled to monitor me like some kind of science experiment. He overstepped his role, no matter what he thinks about our parents’ abilities to…Always, always, watching me, ordering me around, do this, don’t do that, ‘you’re a Holmes’, even when I was at school, checking up on me. I couldn’t escape him.” Sherlock’s hands were flying around, trying to help him make his point.
Sherlock ignored him. When they entered the library, Mycroft took one of three seats next to a window and he and John sat down. Sherlock declined, but John wasn’t sure if it was because of his arse or for strategic advantage. This was Mycroft’s home field and Sherlock would want to be able to move around or make a quick getaway if necessary. In any case, John sat back to watch the match. Sherlock pressed forward quickly. He held his hand out to John who passed the letter to him and he passed it to Mycroft whose face now displayed an expression rarely seen there: confusion. He stared uncomprehendingly at Sherlock, then at John, who pointed back at Sherlock, who once again attempted to disguise his anxiety with exasperation by shifting and rolling his eyes. If it were possible to shout while signing, he did.
Number five was directed low on his bottom and Sherlock bucked. The blows of the paddle over the stripes of the cane were making short work of his endurance. “Aah, aah, aah, five.” His tears had started and he was panting.
John had never pushed Sherlock to discuss his Serbian ordeals, but Mycroft had shown him the reports and he’d seen the scars. He nodded in sympathy and understanding. “I know that you’ve been tortured, Sherlock and I would never try to minimize your suffering. I wish I had been there.” He clenched his fists again and Sherlock reached for his hand. He unlocked his fingers and kissed his palm.
John needed to put himself back into the mindset of disciplinarian. It was going to take time and although he hated to do it, he had to put Sherlock back in the corner. The bickering with Mycroft would have upset Sherlock’s headspace as well. John held onto his hand and walked him very slowly towards the spot. After a few steps, when he realized where they were headed, Sherlock balked. “Wait, that’s not fair, John, I’ve already done more time than usual!”
“Same here, mate.” They shook hands again.
He was very gentle with the next 5 and asked very softly, “Why? Why did she feel sad, Sherlock?”
John retrieved the cane from the upstairs wardrobe and found Sherlock rolled up in a ball, with the duvet over his head. A flutter of sympathy stirred in John’s belly, his lips pursing. He steeled himself against the desire to call the whole thing off. He thought of Harry, then of Mycroft, deploying helicopters to find his baby brother and approached the bed. “Budge over.”
John sat at the end of the sofa and Sherlock laid down on his side with his head in John’s lap. John played with his curls, pulling them gently and watching them coil themselves back into place, as tight as they were before. They reminded him of the spring toy he’d had as a child. Sherlock shouted at the more unbelievable plot elements and John laughed, agreed with him, or told him to sod off as necessary, and two hours went by in what felt like a couple of minutes. The movie was over and they sat in the glow of the pleasure of each other’s company until John checked his watch and sighed. He nudged the head resting on his thigh.
He trailed off. John froze, hoping he’d continue. “Go on.”
Sherlock groaned back at him and the sound added another level of stimulation that sent John’s hips thrusting upward. Sherlock opened wider and slid down as far as he could go. He pulled back and dragged his tongue up along the underside. John gripped his hair tighter and said, “Don’t stop. Fuck, Sherlock…Faster, faster...”
John aimed his third stroke, touching the cane to a spot slightly underneath the second. He drew his arm back and aimed past where he wanted the cane to land. It struck, springing back, and John watched the red track appear in its wake. Sherlock hissed and bounced his right foot up and down. He panted and rubbed his face into the pillow as though it might lessen the sting on his bum.
John looked up with a smile. “My, you taste delicious this morning, gorgeous boy.”
Sherlock smiled more warmly, leaned against the wall and folded his arms in great satisfaction. “You quoted the research on detoxification recommending 12 weeks’ abstention and treatment as the minimum necessary for the disruption of an addiction cycle.” He looked gleefully at Mycroft, then John. “After 6 weeks, I suggested that a subject with immeasurable intellectual capacity, such as myself, could hardly be expected to require as much time.”
Calm again, John asked, “Where were we?”
“Is that, is that toast? And tea?” He gazed up at Sherlock with fuzzy adoration. “What a lovely dream.”
“We could walk over to Angelo’s and pick up a lasagna we could heat up for supper. Save Mrs. Hudson’s chicken for tomorrow.”
“Considering that there are at least three persons and two government organizations hungry for your blood, I would say yes.”
John glanced at Sherlock, who was looking righteously aggrieved at him.
“JOHN!” he shouted. “You know what I need. Stop teasing!” John rummaged in Sherlock’s rucked up pockets till he found the lube he’d known Sherlock would have been sure to stash. He flipped the top of the tube and Sherlock gave a small gasp. That was a sound to which they were both far more attuned. “Use your words, Sherlock. Tell me what you need,” he growled. Even after years, Sherlock struggled to ask for what he wanted, but John would never let him off the hook. “Look at me.” Sherlock lifted his head, eyes closed in the grips of some misguided shyness or embarrassment and John puffed a cool breath on Sherlock’s bollocks then took one of them entirely into his mouth. Sherlock’s eyes flew open. John smiled. “There you are. Now.” More seriously, “What. Do. You. Want?”
“Yes.”
Sherlock’s hands flew like a conductor’s and whatever he said, Mycroft conceded and turned to stare at him. Sherlock froze at attention and John was suddenly grateful he wasn’t the object of the examination. Mycroft studied Sherlock’s face the way John imagined he studied the diplomats around a table, negotiating a momentous, world-altering agreement. Sherlock withstood it like a mouse willing itself into invisibility before a snake. But it did him no good. Mycroft found whatever he was trying to hide and Sherlock acknowledged defeat with a sigh and a slump.
John whispered a silent thank you to whoever might be listening and said, “Cheers. Sometime before 9,” hanging up quickly, not wanting to give him a chance to reconsider. This “Pass the Parcel” had gone on far too long. Now for the package himself. He approached with care, as one should a suspicious package. He looked like such an angel when he was sleeping, curls spread out on the white linen, arms lying gracefully, soft, sweet face. It was almost cunning.
“I’m going, I’m going, no need to get touchy, it was my table broken, wasn’t it…” John shuffled her out and slammed the door behind her. Sherlock collapsed into the chair again. “She’ll never let us live it down. And what did she mean by ‘never mind?’” John went over and put his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders, intending on comforting him but collapsing against him into helpless laughter again, while Sherlock glared around at him....
John looked up with an avalanche of anger beginning to roll over his face. “Sherlock, that is NOT fa--”
Mycroft closed his eyes and continued, speaking over Sherlock, “Each of the responsible parties. Let’s start with me, so you can enjoy detailing the debacle of my first attempt, hmm?" He smiled again. John thought,
“Over my lap is not a good place for you to be smart, idiot.” John let loose with three sharp slaps in a row, and said sardonically, “There, now we’re even.”
“Shut up. Not a sound. Don’t even think. Your mind palace is the safest place for you right now, Sherlock, so I suggest you go there and lock yourself in.”
“Soreness? That’s a woefully inadequate description. It’s killing me! Even when it’s not touching anything!”
“Well, put it aside for now, and come and eat. You can tell me what’s tripping you up and maybe we can figure out a way around it together.”
John saw Sherlock swipe quickly at his eyes and knew he was reaching his breakthrough point. He was having a little trouble catching his breath and the balls of his feet were bouncing up and down off the floor.
Sherlock looked up and stared at him, clearly having trouble processing the words. He blinked. And blinked. And blinked.
Sherlock sneered. “Like what?”
“And both of us are going to forgive you, and it will be over. You’ll start over and try to do your best and we’ll help you. Because we love you. She loves you and I love you.” Much quiet crying was followed by a trip to bed, where Sherlock slept for an unprecedented 10 hours.
Sherlock pushed his hips up into John’s and tried to grind their erections together, but he slipped off of him and out of the bed. “Save it for after your workout tonight, gorgeous. I’ve got to go to work.” He was counting on Sherlock being too lazy to chase after him, and he was right.
He rang off and counted the seconds it would take Sherlock to get to the office and sit behind the desk. Then he rang Lestrade’s number. Sherlock picked up before the first ring ended.
John had known Mickey for years and knew with certainty he’d rather knock himself out than deliver a kidney punch to Sherlock. He’d known him since Sherlock was a boy and was also quite familiar with Mycroft’s resources. And although John had no boxing skills to speak of, Mickey’d have to be suicidal to do serious damage to John’s property.
“Oh, sorry, yeah,” John said, and took a darting look at the floor, snapping his eyes back to Sherlock, as soon as he had it in hand. He dropped it on the bed properly this time and started on the rest of his clothing.
“Damn right. And now that I did what I needed to do to it, I get to do what I want with it.”
Sherlock moaned again and said, “Yes. Yes. Bed. Please. Let me lie down.”
Sherlock rumbled, “I’d like to practice some technique of my own, if you don’t mind. Wouldn’t want to get rusty.”
Sherlock looked back, guilt-free and bold as brass. “I tried, but I couldn’t. I couldn’t do it without you in the room and I didn’t want to pretend. I could have, but I didn’t.” He got up and walked right to the corner and linked his fingers behind his neck. “I can do it now.” He turned around and gave John a very different, vulnerable and pleading look. In his little voice, he said, “You won’t leave, will you?” John wanted to honor the revealing question, so he thought carefully and then said, “Let me get a flannel and some water and then we’ll have everything we’re going to need.” Sherlock lowered his hands and followed John with his eyes as he left.
Sherlock complained bitterly but eventually, he got up and took a shower. Afterwards, John soothed the angry stripes with aloe again. Sherlock put his dressing gown on and they had breakfast.
Sherlock was lying on the sofa, his sore arse still keeping him on his belly, and stayed there through the putting away of groceries, the making of sandwiches and the boiling of the kettle. When he was finished, John called, “Oy. Lunch.” He called twice more, then walked to the sofa and gave him a swat.
He let go of Sherlock’s hair and moved his hand down his spine and cupped the cheek of his arse, feeling the heat and remembering the colors now caught in the photos on his phone. He purred into his ear, “Sherlock. You know what daddies tell their naughty little boys before they spank them?” Sherlock writhed, whimpering with the delicious shame of the words coming from John’s mouth. John nibbled on his throat. “Do you?”
“Nonsense. We’re all lucky he has you. Can I talk to him if it won’t undermine you?”
Sherlock rallied and interrupted, “Therapeutic? Ha! That’s hyperbole. Prison camps, more like it.”
“Get to the point, John. Black Widows are fascinating and decay surprisingly quickly compared to arachnids such as the Six-Eyed Sand Spider. The Black Widow spins silk that on a per-weight basis has a ratio of strength to density greater than steel.”
“If I want to stop, I say stop.”
Sherlock finished reading the letter and cleared his throat, looking at John for the first time. He was staring vacantly into the distance. Sherlock stood to try and catch his attention and stood longer, waiting until he began to twitch with anxiety. He said, “What’s the matter? What did I do? Why aren’t you talking? Did I do it wrong? I know it’s more than 500 words. I could go back and take some out if it’s too much. I really did learn a lesson this time.” John turned his head to look at him but there was no other reaction.
Sherlock said, or more precisely, groaned, “Yes, yes, whatever you want.”
He huffed in frustration. “Completely unnecessary fussing, Mrs. Hudson!”
“Always. And nice to meet you, John.”
John checked his watch. “Agreed. Very sensible.” He stuck his hand out towards Lestrade and they shook on the gentlemen’s agreement. He shoved Sherlock towards Lestrade and said, “Sherlock? Sherlock. Agreed?” He gave him another little shove. Sherlock uncrossed his arms and clenched his fists. He tightened his lips and stuck his hand out reluctantly. Lestrade grabbed it and pulled him in tight. Sherlock was caught off balance and Lestrade grabbed his head to whisper in his ear. “It’s for your own good you mad bastard. We’re not gonna let you slip away from us this time.” He shoved him away and turned back toward his desk to give Sherlock a moment to recover from his affectionate assault.
Sherlock flashed him a hostile look and John pointedly watched himself pouring the tea and succeeded in keeping a straight face. He fixed Sherlock a cup also, just to give him something to do with his hands, and delivered each one. Sherlock shook his head at his, but John left it on the mantel. On his way back to his chair, he casually picked up Mycroft’s letter and put it on his side table. He sat in his chair with his cup and asked, “What’s this all about then?”
I. After enormous, painful consideration, I have identified the following areas of authentic contrition:
“He did that because he loves you, doesn’t he?”
He shoved his hips up against him and pulled his head down. He grabbed his lower lip between his teeth and tugged on it.
He leaned down and kissed each side of John’s lower back and the dimples below. Sherlock held the curve of his arse and relished the feel of it filling his hand, his fingers reaching just to the top of John’s thigh. The fine hair tickled the palm of his hand. The firm muscles resisted the pressure of his fingers, but he squeezed anyway. With his fingertip he traced the trail of lube. Deciding John wasn’t slicked up enough, he slathered more on top of it. John started moving his hips, chasing his fingers, but Sherlock laughed and kept them just out of reach. The mischief was a pleasure of its own, but Sherlock still had inhibitions he struggled to overcome. John may have resisted acknowledging his homosexuality, but Sherlock still had trouble acknowledging any sexuality at all.
“That’s what this is about Sherlock. Helping you figure out what it means to love the people who love you. This crying? Feeling sorry and this resolving to do better? That’s catharsis. When you calm down, you’re going to feel so much better. Lighter and easier.” Sherlock looked back at him again with a quietly disbelieving look on his face and John felt himself tearing up and chuckling at the same time.
He left Sherlock to finish his preparations and called Angelo who was, of course, thrilled to make up Sherlock’s dessert. He begged them to eat in but John explained that tonight was impossible but they’d make a reservation for two weekends from now (just to make sure that Sherlock would be able to sit when the time came.) Sherlock had John check him against the sunlight outside the front door and he gave the all clear. Sherlock set the pace, and they meandered towards Angelo’s. John paid attention to his gait and Sherlock was definitely moving stiffly. John wanted badly to reach out and hold his hand, but Sherlock kept his hands in his pockets. John couldn’t tell if he was doing so to keep the fabric from chafing against his bum or from rubbing against his free-swinging equipment. He licked his lips. “How bad is it, sweetheart?”
John shifted his concentration to the slit of Sherlock’s cock and alternated between broad swipes and tiny pointed licks with the very tip of his tongue. The fingertips of his right hand traveled lightly over Sherlock’s arse and he laid the other on the front of Sherlock’s thigh. He gripped the base of his cock as he opened his mouth and lowered his head to take as much of him in as he could. “Aaah!” Sherlock’s hips jerked forward and John let him in deeper. As soon as Sherlock gave him room, he slowly bobbed his head up and down. He alternated between sliding his tongue along the bottom and sucking gently as he moved up and down. He had a lovely rhythm going when all of a sudden, Sherlock grabbed his hair and pulled him off. “Stop.”
Mycroft gave John his reptilian smile, the one that didn’t reach his eyes. “Let’s elaborate on that for the sake of the good doctor, shall we? How about an example from each of the therapeutic models, if you will—”
He stared out the window of the cab, searching like a sea captain’s wife scans the waves, realizing it was futile even as he did so. He kept rubbing his temple to try and relieve the pressure throbbing its way through his skull. A migraine now would be less than helpful. He checked his watch. 3:19. Playing back the timeline in his head, John imagined he’d had between 25 and 30 minutes on the run? That was more than enough time for Sherlock to have set up a buy. He dreaded the thought, but there was every chance that he had made arrangements first thing in the morning. How could he have faith in him when he had disregarded the rules so completely? Though, there was still the possibility that, though he had been tempted away, he was fighting the pull of the needle.
John smiled to himself.
John complied again, affectionately combing said fingers through the curls and kissing his forehead. “Tired, is he? Too much excitement. You worked yourself up properly too, didn't you? No, wake up. I’ll gladly fuck you in an alley, but I won’t let you sleep in one.” He tousled and scratched at his scalp. “Think, Sherlock, where can we get a cab?”
the cheeks of his arse, John squeezed and pulled them apart gently, then pressed them back together. Sherlock shifted and squirmed, feeling the indignity of being opened fuel his desire. He wanted John, wanted to show himself, display himself to the man that loved every last little bit of him, even the parts he once thought were filthy.
“Stop it right now,” said John as he crawled right up over him and caged him in. He uncovered Sherlock’s face and mussed up his hair roughly with his fingertips. “You know that’s not true and it’s not kind to say so. You’re trying to make me feel guilty and that’s not fair.” He cleared his throat meaningfully.
“I’ll be fine.”
Please help me. Do what you think best to ensure that I never cause you such pain again.
“Ow! What was that for? I thought you were shopping.”
think of Mycroft in the shower. The sight of Sherlock’s arousal in the kitchen was a trigger for one of John’s favorite memories: the night they broke the table….
“Stupid?” John was confused, but teased anyway. “But we all know you’re the second most brilliant person in the world.”
Sherlock, chin propped up on his fists, weighed the statistical probabilities. John stood waiting, hands on hips. Finally, Sherlock pronounced the verdict, “Necessary risk, John. Science. We need a self-printing camera for future…events. Of course the very existence of photos might cloud the results in the sense that the effects of the actual punishment may be conflated with the…”
John sighed and texted Greg to see if that would work. They agreed on eleven, which would give Sherlock 2 hours of uninterrupted whatever it was he would be doing. Before they left, John pointedly showed him Molly’s letter and tucked it into his jacket pocket. Sherlock rolled his eyes, but stayed quiet. John pushed his luck a bit and said, “First thing Sherlock, before the microscope.”
