Kicking the door shut, Sherlock was pulling off his trousers, unbuttoning his shirt. John shucked his jumper, then seemed to get stuck: his hands forgot how to move, and his mouth went completely dry at the sight of Sherlock, naked and erect. It was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen. Sherlock smiled at the look in John’s eyes and began to make quick work of John’s shirt.
The worst of it was that Irene would be back tomorrow.
Unfortunately, it
“Two sweaty, fighting boys,” she said. “It’s been my lucky day.”
John placed the bottle of lube and a box of condoms on the bedside table and slid back under the covers. Kissing Sherlock again, John raked his fingers through that luscious mop of hair. “Sorry it took me a little longer,” he admitted. “But I got there, just the same. Got here,” he corrected, slipping his hand down again, over the muscled planes of Sherlock’s chest and stomach, to the velvet heat of Sherlock’s cock.
,” Irene scoffed, repeating Sherlock’s word instead of answering the question. “I don’t have clients for
onto the floor, apples for Rosie’s snack rolling out and under the sofa. “What the buggery fuck!?...
She knew that it was John’s day off from the surgery, and that he’d been at the shops wrestling valiantly with chip-and-pin machines to procure their meat and veg for the week. That Sherlock had been out humoring Lestrade—as he was so much more likely to do these days— finishing up (tedious) paperwork from the Mazarin Stone case. That Rosie was at the nursery, playing happily (John hoped) with her little group of preschool friends. That Mrs. Hudson was next door, having tea-and-gossip with Mrs. Turner.
“Why ask questions when you already know the answers?” she teased him.
Sherlock took it to the boxing gym.
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth quirked up in a smile. “Think of all the time we’ve wasted.”
John inhaled sharply. “Yes,” he said, kissing Sherlock again as they stumbled towards Sherlock’s bedroom. “Have you…have you ever…?” He didn’t quite know how to frame the question.
Only then did John notice Sherlock’s attire. The…gym clothes? And
John was careful - oh, so careful - as he pushed into Sherlock’s arse, millimeter by millimeter. Sherlock squirmed under him, gasping “Oh, yes, oh, John, oh, God!” Finally, John was balls-deep inside and he paused, catching his breath, waiting for Sherlock to get used to the sensation. Sherlock shut his eyes and saw the pictures in his brain flash by: the first time he ever saw John, at Bart’s; their first chase together, racing through the streets of London after that cab; John’s shooting the serial-killer, saving Sherlock’s life; the incident at the pool, when he thought he was going to lose John; and John and John and John…
He’d seen her only once since Karachi. She looked good. Almost unchanged.
It took John a moment to remember how to speak, distracted as he was by the vision of Sherlock kneeling before him, that head of black curls, that mouth. It was difficult to believe this was real. “Um,” he said, waiting for the words to come back to him. “Um, not since my Army days. And never sober. Just mates helping each other out.” He stepped out of his trousers and watched as Sherlock rose again from the floor, so gorgeous, so graceful. John caught his breath. “But never,” John whispered, “Never with anyone I cared about like I care for you…”
John, ready and panting, poised between Sherlock’s legs, shook his head. “So impatient.” Gently he pulled his lubed fingers from Sherlock’s arse and asked, “Are you sure?”
“No! You’re a man, kind and funny, and certainly very good at what you do. Personal Companions aren’t easily gifted, so you must have done something pretty amazing to have been rewarded so.” John’s words were passionate and Sherlock looked at him with surprise.
John smiled. “Do I look unhappy or uncomfortable?”
John knew better than ask where they were going. Besides, he was too busy wondering about the reason of this summon. His emotions were raging from the elation of thinking Sherlock was finally back, to the despair caused by the thought Mycroft had called him to give him bad news. John appealed to his ER medical training and military experience to stay calm and not panic.
“This is for you, dear,” she said before leaving the flat.
“Home.”
“Because I knew you were interested in me in a sexual way—and not just because it was your duty as my Personal Companion. I could feel you were interested in me as a man—and that was the reason I didn’t act on my feelings. I didn’t want to bring a sexual connotation into our relationship because I was afraid it would cause me to lose you as I lost Irene and Janine. I was afraid... My heart had been broken twice and I couldn’t bear the idea of having it broken again. But now...now it’s different. I want to be with you…to go to sleep every night with you in my arms and wake up every morning with you pressed against me, breathing in the scent of your hair and skin.”
“Obviously. So I’ll write about your deductions about Majors having been killed because mistaken for a homeless and your discovery there was a serial killer murdering homeless people.”
After having spent his life having sex with men who had cared little or nothing for him as a person and treated him only as an object or a status-symbol, John wanted to know what making love really meant and felt like.
They hadn’t engaged in penetrative sex since that first time-- as Sherlock didn’t truly liked it and John didn’t miss an act that for so many years had been the symbol of his submission to other’s people wants—but they had found many ways to please each other, with their hands, mouths and bodies.
“Bit of trouble too, I bet?” Sherlock tilted his head to study John’s face better.
Rising on his knees John scooted forward until he was perched above Sherlock’s erection, then took the turgid shaft and guided it to his opening. Once the tip was inside him, let go of it and slowly sunk down.
Sherlock also liked sex...when it went right, which unfortunately hadn’t happened often for him. He liked to be close to his partners, to give them pleasure and then bask in the afterglow. He even liked the inane pillow talk...
"Wow," John whispered when their eyes locked, a lazy, satisfied smile spreading on his face. "This was really something …"
“Of what?”
Stretching his fingers, John began to type, with a rather smug smile on his face.
Incredulous, he had confronted Victor and the truth had come out: the other boy had never been interested in him, he had just wanted to win a substantial bet against his best mate Sebastian Wilkes, who had dared him to “bed the freak” and prove it.
John felt a sharp but brief sting in the spot where his neck joined his shoulder. He barely had time to register it that it was gone, replaced by a sensation of warmth, pleasure and wonder.
The day after was even stranger, as Sherlock spent most of it sleeping on the couch or in his bedroom. And the same happened the next day.
“As long as I need to,” Sherlock answered, finishing his meal and walking to his bedroom, leaving John to wash the dirty dish and cutlery.
Of course the man got it very wrong, because he conveniently forgot that one) Geishas were free women who choose to undertake that training; two) Geishas didn’t offer sexual favours to their clients, while the Personal Companion were chosen from among the existing slave populace and sex was definitely among the things required from them. In the beginning they were only black females, but soon males and individuals of other races began to be recruited, even if it was kept very hush-hush in order not to scandalize the public opinion.
John didn’t need to be told twice. He used his fingers to pry open Sherlock’s jaws as Mycroft cut a corner from the blood bag and then dripped its content in his brother’s mouth.
Sherlock arched his eyebrow, clearly surprised. “Do you think so?”
It was the extremely short list of Sherlock’s unsolved cases and the crux of his current problem.
“No,” came Sherlock’s muffled voice. John turned his head and saw he was kneeling near a thick bush, his face almost swallowed by the branches. “This wasn’t a mugging with murder, but a murder masked as a mugging.” He stood up holding something in his hands. Lestrade and John walked closer and saw he was holding a wallet and a phone.
“I was thorough this time,” Mycroft confirmed. “It would take Sherlock Holmes to fool me, and I don't think he was on hand, do you? So...What shall we tell Sherlock?”
Once done, John lingered in the room, where he could feel Sherlock’s presence. Unbidden his memory returned to the night he had given a massage to the other man.
“Then I presume there is no risk you will vomit on a crime scene if you see a corpse.”
A loud moan escaped his lips. God! He had forgotten how good it felt to be filled and stretched by a cock he actually wanted inside him, and Sherlock fit so well inside of him, as if he had been made for him.
Sherlock sat down on the bed, reaching out with a shaking hand – oh, he was trembling, why was he trembling? – to touch the Omega’s calf. The skin was hairy, but also soft and warm and he couldn’t resist the impulse to caress it.
Sherlock had tried to protest, but John had silenced him and used all his knowledge to give him the fulfilment he needed.
“I understand, dear, I've got a hip.”
Mycroft shook his head. “It wasn’t. Father’s death caused a radical change in Sherlock. He thought it was his fault if Father had died. He closed up, became more solitary and rebellious, prone to temper tantrums. He started to antagonize me in every way, resentful of my being human. Mummy didn’t help the situation as she became…well, there is no other way to put it…afraid of Sherlock.”
Lestrade nodded as John felt a familiar surge of admiration for Sherlock deductions. He should be used to them by now, but his friend’s unique ability to see what the others failed to never stopped to awe him.
“I’ve never practised, but I try to keep myself updated.”
Sleep crept over him, and John didn’t think about it until later in the morning when, seeing Sherlock was currently awake, he asked, “Did you go out at sunrise? Around 5am? I heard the front door open.”
“I can’t. The man you attacked suffered three broken ribs and a concussion, and-”
John stood up and started pacing, needing to dispel some of the frustration bubbling inside him. “But sex isn’t everything in a relationship! There are more important things!”
“John...do you...do you agree with this?” Sherlock managed to ask between gritted teeth, struggling to control himself for a while longer. “Do you want...this bond?” He really didn’t know what he would do if John said ‘no’, but he knew he needed to ask.
“She's dead. She was captured by a terrorist cell in Karachi two months ago and beheaded.”
John almost rolled his eyes. “If you allow me to be blunt, Sherlock, that’s an idiocy. I’m ready to bet you were too tired or wound up or worried this evening to achieve orgasm. As for the rest, why don’t you let me decide who and how I want to love?”
John swallowed hard, as relief surged inside him. He had never known what jealousy felt like until Irene Adler had entered their lives. Sherlock’s interested in the beautiful, intelligent Alpha dominatrix had been immediate. There was nothing the detective liked more than a challenge and she had provided a good one. Their first meeting had ended with Sherlock drugged and whipped by Adler, which had only made him even more interested in her, despite Mycroft’s orders to stay away from her.
About an hour later 221B door opened and a familiar tall figure stepped on the sidewalk. John’s eyes almost bulged as he took in Sherlock’s appearance. His usually – at least outdoor—meticulously groomed friend was dressed in a way John had never seen before. A pair of baggy, shapeless grey sweatpants too big for him, hanging low on his hips and with the legs hems touching the ground. A dirty and stained light brown jacket that had seen better days and a jumper of indescribable colour with a torn neck hem. His hair was even more unruly than usual and his face...well, it looked like he had just cleaned a chimney, it was so dirty.
That same evening John was in his bedroom, engrossed in a book. He had retired at his usual time, but since sleep failed to come, he had picked up a mystery novel Sarah had lent him. The story had proved to be more engaging than he thought and instead of making him sleepy – as reading in bed usually did – he had made him even more awake.
It had been then that John had decided to act. During their talk, Molly had told him it would be his task to make Sherlock realize he could love him.
Sherlock blushed a pale pink. “I don’t really know. I’ve never thought of myself that way…Never been interested in it.”
He bent down and kissed the tip of Sherlock’s nose, but not the mouth he had hopefully offered.
“I-I…think that…there could be more memories like this one in the future…” Sherlock murmured, hesitant. “Probably not very often…but there will be.”
Sherlock looked away and didn’t reply.
. They aren’t the work of someone’s overactive imagination. They have existed since mankind began, a branch of the
John tensed. This kind of information wasn’t easy to obtain. This person, a man he guessed, but it couldn’t be sure because the voice was so altered, had to have a mole in the Royal Harem Committee.
“Anything interesting?”
The line uttered by Sherlock a few days ago flashed into John’s mind, filling him with horror as he realized what was happening.
Heart hammering in his chest, John had left the bathroom and walked toward the bedroom. He had been about to knock, when he had heard a moan come from behind the door. An unmistakable moan of pleasure.
“Blood.”
In the taxi on the way home, Sherlock was silent, lost in deep thought, so John didn’t ask him any questions. He contented himself with throwing looks at his friend, until he realized he was behaving just like Molly had done shortly before.
Sherlock felt like preening at the compliment, then frowned. The Omega knew who he was... and he had no idea of the other man’s name.
“No,” John answered quickly. “I don’t need anything...” his voice died as his eyes darted away.
Sherlock was dying, bleeding out.
“Uh. Good night.” John turned on his other sire, ready to fall asleep again, but Sherlock felt he couldn’t allow it, not before he explained what had happened to him earlier and why he had been so brusque. He quickly crossed the room and sat on John’s mattress.
They stayed like that for several minutes, just hugging and breathing each other’s scent. A part of John was surprised to see Sherlock behave so emotionally, but God only knew what had happened to his Alpha during the past two years, and how alone he must had been since all the people he cared for thought him death.
Sherlock tensed and reached to turn off the water. “Let me go, John.”
Sherlock was sporting fangs. John closed his eyes, rubbed them and opened them again.
He wanted to clasp the man by his shoulders, tell him he was sorry for having been afraid of him. That he knew Sherlock wouldn’t hurt him nor go around hurting other people.
In that moment two officers arrived carrying a stretcher and a body bag. John and the others watched in silence as they worked to remove Majors’ remains, until Sherlock suddenly exclaimed “Wait!”
The glass of whisky was empty and the flames in the fireplace reduced to embers when Sherlock resurfaced from the depths of his mind.
“No hospital...they can’t help me. Call Mycroft...” Sherlock’s voice died in a whisper as the grip on his ankle loosened.
to do something, because for you, there is only one possible choice. There has never been another—at least until now. With time, you will learn to choose what is good for you, not for your master.”
On the other side, he too had almost reached the end of his endurance. He was copiously leaking from both his cock and opening and he ached to feel Sherlock inside him.
They sipped the drinks in silence and, now that the danger was over, John had to fight a smirk when he saw that always-impeccably-dressed Mycroft was wearing only a set of grey sweats, the kind of clothes John had never thought to ever see on him.
John frowned. “Instead of what?”
Molly nodded, “That’s true. You know it. I know it—but the point is Sherlock doesn’t. His two experiences at love showed him without any doubt that sex, at least for certain persons, is much more important than other things. He learned it the hard way, especially with Janine, so it isn’t surprising he doesn’t wish to get hurt again.”
Sherlock had never appreciated to see his—very rare – unsuccessful cases made public, but John had insisted they made the detective look nicer, as the readers liked to know he wasn’t infallible.
“Yes, I am—and you know it very well. We’ve been friends since our twenties, when we shared a flat with two other students at Oxford. I was finishing Uni, while Sherlock was working on his doctorate.”
“Sherlock…” John whispered in awe, and his lover raised his head, his lips red with his blood.
“That's nice of you...but no.”
“Who are you?”
Mycroft put down his glass after a while and asked, “Do you know what happened to Sherlock?”
Sherlock was at Bart’s making use of a deserted lab to examine the brain Molly had given him. It belonged to a man who had been killed by his wife with a knitting needle.
Trust was the key.
John nodded against Sherlock’s chest, and said nothing. There would be time later to ask for a more detailed explanation.
Sherlock, starved for companionship and acceptance, had fallen for him and had agreed to sleep with Victor. It had been just an inexperienced fumble of hands, but he had loved every single minute of it. Until the morning after, when he had woken up alone in Victor’s room. Disappointed but not worried, Sherlock had showered and returned to his room to dress for the day and gather his books, his mind replaying the events of the previous night.
John gently pushed Sherlock away and put a finger on his lips as his Alpha tried to speak. Shh...let me teach you how it is done.”
“A bite?” Lestrade exclaimed. “What kind of bite?” “I don’t know,” Molly answered, shrugging. “It’s quite confusing and well…I’ve an idea, but-”
After that traumatic experience, Sherlock had vowed to follow Mycroft’s advice, to stop caring about other people and live as he was surrounded by goldfish, but he was different from his brother. Maybe it was the Ibex in him, but he craved companionship. He longed to have...a herd—and along the years he had managed to create one. Molly, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade: they were all members of his small herd. Sherlock looked after them and enjoyed their company.
After three months of investigation, of chasing leads no one else thought to follow, of examining hours of footages, he had been able to close Interpol number one case and find the long missing Black Pearl of the Borgias. Mycroft had been ecstatic, telling him this time he would get his knighthood.
“But it’s not true! It’s my task to keep him happy and satisfied, not the other way around!” John exclaimed. “I could never betray him! Aside from the fact I love him, I’m his Personal Companion—betraying him would be a crime, punishable with jail.”
Sherlock’s smirked again. “Shot in the dark. Good one, though. After the call, you posed the phone on the car seat. So I noticed the power connection and tiny little scuff marks round the edge. Every night he plugs it in to charge, but his hands are shaking. You never see those marks on a sober man's phone, never see a drunk's without them.”
The realization stunned him. He had seldom hardened so quickly while kissing and certainly never after having already come.
When he came down from his high, John realized Sherlock was still hard and moving against him. He opened his eyes and the expression on his lover’s face took his breath away: he had never seen such a need before. But there was also something else in the lines around Sherlock’s eyes and mouth, in the tension of his body. It was like he was trying to control himself, to hold back even now his hips were practically slamming against his own.
John nodded slowly, “Yes, I can see how my behaviour led you to draw the wrong conclusion, but back then I didn’t know you as well as I know you now.” He smiled before continuing, “Now I know how grumpy you’re in the mornings before you get your cup of tea. How you karate the fridge if you don’t find your breakfast ready. How you like for things to be done just
In the beginning John had expected things to be a bit awkward or hesitant as they settled in the new dynamic of their relationship. He had expected they would need to adapt; instead they had fallen into it with such an ease it was like they had been together for years. They were still best friends, and their relationship adapted from there.
“What do people normally say?”
“Oh yes…” John replied, licking his lips.
Just then John cried out “No!” with an anguish-filled voice and Sherlock let his instinct choose for him. He sat down on the mattress, switched on the bedside lamp, and shook John’s shoulder.
“God,” John exclaimed, running down the stairs, “what happened?”
John smiled gently at Mrs. Hudson, and followed his Alpha up the stairs, moving slowly due to his limp and cane.
“Not that I’m complaining,” he said, “but why are you like that?”
He ignored the bills and opened the letter from the ministry with a bit of concern. What if they wanted to bond him with someone else? He knew it would be impossible, of course, as his bondmate was still alive, but such revelation would ruin Sherlock’s cover.
“See?” John commented. “I do want you.”
“Where are you going?”
“Dr. Watson. John, Sergeant Sally Donovan. Old friend,” Sherlock introduced them.
However something had changed in him after his meeting with Irene Adler. Something had awaken inside him. At first that interest had been focused on Irene. She had been beautiful and smart and he had been quite fascinated by her—but he had never trusted her enough to make himself vulnerable with feelings, and it had been a wise decision given what had happened with her.
“Molly,” he greeted with a smile when he saw the Bart’s pathologist. “Please come in. What can I do for you?”
“There are no ‘wannabes’ here,” Sherlock almost snarled as he slammed the door shut. “I wish they were, but this is the real thing.”
After her departure from his life, his hyperawareness of his body, his desire – was it desire? – for closeness had transferred on John, the man he trusted with everything he had. His devote companion and partner.
“No. He had barely the strength to tell me to call you,” John answered. Sherlock had said much more, of course, that that had been meant for his ears only.
“Afghanistan. Sorry, how did you...? Oh, you saw it in my file.”
“Be careful with your knee!” John cautioned.
Sherlock smirked and explained, “Your haircut, the way you hold yourself says military. But the rolled magazine in the pocket of your jacket is a bulletin available only to doctors and it bears your name and address- so Army doctor, obvious. I’ve seen the scar on your shoulder; it’s a bullet wound dating back to no more than eighteen months ago. Your limp's bad when you walk, but you don't ask for a chair when you stand, like you've forgotten about it, so it's at least partly psychosomatic. That says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatic. Wounded in action, then, possibly at the same time you lost your previous bond-mate, judging by the faded scar of the bond-bite.”
He began to type, his fingers flying on the keyboard, eager to let his readers know about another of Sherlock’s successes.
Long, warm showers or baths helped him to relax his back muscles, always a bit strained by the effort of carrying and balancing his horns.
John nodded with a confused frown. They had already ascertained it.
John did as he was told and sitting on an old but comfortable armchair. He watched concerned as the other man paced in the room, clenching and unclenching his fists.
However, as soon as the call had ended, he threw himself on the couch, took his thinking pose with his hands steepled under his chin and closed his eyes. He didn’t say a single word until late afternoon, when he asked John to prepare some tea.
He wasn’t entirely at ease as he talked of a human being as if he was a parcel, but he ruthlessly squashed his discomfort. He was doing this for Sherlock, for his happiness and comfort, which were paramount for him. Besides, Mycroft knew his brother and was sure John Watson would be treated well.
Unbidden his thoughts went to Victor Trevor. Sherlock had met him at Cambridge, when they had been partners in an experiment for their Biology course. Victor had been kind, smart, funny and had treated Sherlock as a normal person, without ever commenting his most obvious characteristics and defending him from insults.
“About…what you said before you lost your senses…”
“Oh, let me guess. I get killed.”
And then one morning, something had happened. He had been summoned to Supervisor Ashton’s office, and he had gone, fully expecting to receive the details of his next assignment.
“Stay awake a little longer, there is something I need to tell you.”
“I suppose.” Sherlock tilted his head, studying him. “You seem very at ease.”
"It wouldn't matter in the eyes of the Royal Harem Committee. It still would be a rejection and punished as such."
Phone call ended, Mycroft closed his eyes, remembering the first time he had been informed of the existence of the Royal Harem, one of Britain’s most guarded secrets.
“It had happened that when Sherlock arrived to Janine’s place with the ring, he found Janine in bed with two whores. In the confrontation that followed, she told him that she wanted passion in bed, and since Sherlock wasn’t able to give it to her, she had decided to find it elsewhere. This happened three, almost four years ago, and since then Sherlock hasn’t shown interest in anyone…until you.”
“Four,” Sherlock corrected her from his place near the window. “There's been a fourth. And there's something different this time.”
Sherlock sighed deeply and crossed his arms over his chest. “I don’t approve of exploitation—and I don’t like the idea of forcing my will on someone who has no choice but to obey me.”
He took the hand Sherlock offered him and followed his Alpha to an adjacent room, a plush chamber with a big double bed in the middle of it.
Sherlock steps were as heavy as his heart as he climbed the seventeen steps to his flat.
“What does that mean?” John asked, puzzled.
“The throat wasn’t slashed from behind; the cut was inflicted from the front, when the victim was already down. It’s obvious from the angle of the cut.”
“The edges haven’t bled,” John answered.
“And?” John prodded, curious about the embarrassed look on Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock briefly returned the embrace and replied, “There is no need to worry, Mrs. Hudson. It has all been settled.”
John had felt beyond relieved when Adler had disappeared once for all from their lives, without Sherlock showing signs of missing her, although it was difficult to say for sure if it was really so.
“Oh,” Mrs. Hudson murmured, as her face fell. “I’m so sorry, dear.”
“Brought you a little getting-to-know-you present,” he said aloud. “That's what it's all been for, isn't it? All your little puzzles, making me dance. All to distract me from this.”
“Any good?”
“You must understand I’ve always considered myself married to my work. I’ve never been interested in Alpha/Omega interactions, and I never intended to bond. An unfortunate incident and the law forced me to bond with you…but I never meant for us to live as bond-mates.”
“John!” Sherlock exclaimed shocked, staring at his friend’s face. “What are-”
That morning, while he was at Yard to collect some cold case folders Lestrade had promised Sherlock, Donovan and Anderson had asked him why Anthony Majors’ murder wasn’t listed among “the Freak’s failures”.
“I do.”
Sherlock tilted his head to the side. “You know about them?”
She put her other hand over his own and said with bright eyes, “I’m so happy to meet you, John. May I call you so? It was about time this young man here settled down and started a family.” She beamed and continued, “It will be wonderful to have a child around here.”
“John,” he whispered, cupping the other man’s cheek with his palm. “I do love you.” He watched as John’s eyes widened and his expression filled with joy. “I started loving you very early in our living together, when I saw how good it was spending time with you and coming home to a flat filled with your presence.”
“Good!” Moriarty said with enthusiasm, “Very good. Isn't he sweet? I can see why you like having him around. But then, people do get so sentimental about their pets. They're so touchingly loyal. But oops! You've rather shown your hand there, Johnny boy.”
“Okay, but I want you in central in the morning. “
Sherlock looked at John and saw that he too understood they only had a chance. There was only one possible decision they could make.
A few minutes later, John found himself lying on sweat soaked sheets, with Sherlock’s body slumped over him.
Mycroft nodded, "Yes. He'll be fine. We were just in time." He gestured John to let Sherlock’s mouth close and then turned his brother’s head on the side. “Look, the wound has stopped bleeding.”
“How are you?” Sherlock asked.
he thought.
“Oh yes...I’m starving.”
“Can you stand?” he asked Sherlock. “I need to examine you and it’s too dark here.”
Sherlock had been miserable since Janine had left him, and this was why Mycroft hoped that the Personal Companion he had carefully chosen for his brother would give him the companionship Sherlock needed and maybe, if they were lucky, even the love he desired.
“Mycroft made the killer’s body disappear, and I was never able to identify him. So yes, that’s the truth.” Sherlock smirked and John smiled back.
Sherlock nodded, and with a smile on his face, he pulled John fully atop of him, kissing his again.
Sherlock cried out when he felt himself being engulfed by John’s body. It felt like being inside a woman, but it seemed tighter and warmer.
After a few minutes, his Master put away the phone and turned to look at him.
It was pouring outside and John was glad Mycroft had chosen a meeting place so close to home. He ran inside the shop and quickly located the table where Mycroft was sitting with a cup of tea and a folder wrapped in a plastic bag.
“Good,” Sherlock said. “That’s…very good. John?”
,” Sherlock said through gritted teeth.
Diamond earrings glinting in the bare bulb overhead.
“Now, now. Play nice. Is this your establishment?”
Best to keep it all to himself.
“What? Oh, yes, why…” Sherlock tugged the sides of his Belstaff closer around him, grateful he hadn’t yet removed it. The precaution of a long coat, to hide that he was half-hard in his trousers because of his short friend… “Just helping John with the tea.”
“Oi, done already, Holmes?” Sam Merton called from across the room. He’d stopped hammering one of the heavy bags and jogged over towards them. “I thought we’d get in another round or two.”
Oh my.
Compared with the scene in the kitchen, tea was almost a normal affair. John briskly gathered up the parcels from the floor, put the milk and meat away, plated some biscuits, and they sat down in the sitting room like civilized Britons had for a thousand years.
John looked up from his novel to see Saunders, panting and practically snarling, and had three simultaneous thoughts:
“Yes,” Sherlock answered. “With a woman, once. At uni. It was not good. With men…boys, really, I should say…some fumblings at school…mutual masturbation, some attempts at oral sex. Nothing serious. It all seemed messy, superfluous. And not worth the effort of the emotional connection most of them expected…”
With a put-upon sigh, John placed his bookmark in the novel, set it carefully aside next to his tea, and rose to his feet. It was Captain Watson who addressed the man.
Not that he trusted her any more than he had in the past.)
“John. You’re thinking. It’s annoying.”
she knew was beyond John’s reckoning, but he’d had enough experience with deceitful geniuses not to doubt it.
Sherlock, his head propped on his hand, was scowling when John returned to the bedroom. “Delayed gratification, indeed,” Sherlock said. “I’ve been waiting since the day I met you.”
John was stunned. He couldn’t move at first, the gears in his mind completely shut down by the unexpected jolt of Sherlock’s lips on his, Sherlock’s rough cheek against his own, Sherlock’s hands moving to his shoulders and down his back. And then John’s brain started up again and he threaded his hands up into Sherlock’s wild curls and he kissed back. He kissed back like he’d never kissed before, hungry and wanting, rough like he wouldn’t ever dare with a woman, lips-teeth-tongue deep and ravenous. He hadn’t even known that he’d wanted this. His mind reeling, processing disjointedly –
Reading him—deducing him—Irene batted her eyelids. She answered Sam but looked at Sherlock. “Oh, I’m no lady.” To prove the point, she took a quick step in toward Sherlock, balanced on the tip-toes of her already too-high heels, and darted her tongue out to lick his neck.
“John…” he said. “That was too close.”
“Hello, boys,” purred Irene Adler.
Merton puffed out his chest with pride. “Co-owner. Nearly lost it all but for Holmes here. Cleared my name in a stolen gem case. It’s a pleasure to box with him.”
Of course she knew.
Somehow, the dress she wore underneath was even worse than if she’d been naked again. It was a blue so dark it was almost black, and to call it minute would be a cruel overstatement. The neckline plunged; the wrap of the hemline split mid-thigh. It was worse than naked because it begged—nay, practically commanded—to be taken off, untied and slipped from those pale shoulders…
Instead he was forced to trudge across the gym in a sweat-soaked t-shirt, athletic shorts, and trainers, lumpy sports-kit flung over his shoulder. Irene was the flawless one. Standing in front of the door—blocking his way out, of course—she was laughing at him again, all the while flirting idly with Merton and spurring Curt on. It was
She lay across the leather sofa, clad in a short black trench coat, very high heels, and—to John’s eyes—nothing else.
Sherlock pulled a face. “Never again. Really not my area. I don’t know how you can do it.”
“I’m glad,” he said, kissing the top of Sherlock’s head, kissing those crazy black curls. He loved hearing Sherlock curse. He loved lying, sated, in Sherlock’s bed; he’d loved every last minute of their…their
. What the hell was he up to now? For Sherlock was never far out of his thoughts, and with Irene’s sudden reappearance…well, John was unsettled.
“Good-bye, Merton. Cole.”
“I want you,” he breathed into Sherlock’s ear. “I want…”
The (disingenuous) words of reassurance shriveled up and died in Sherlock’s throat.
Why hadn’t he brought his gun? John cursed inwardly as they ran in a dead heat away from the smugglers. He and Sherlock giving chase at first, then the tables had turned, prey had switched to predator: when they saw that Sherlock and John were unarmed the three men – the three men with guns – rounded on them in pursuit. It was close, so close, and John’s heart beat in his throat as he heard the pounding footsteps behind them.
“John. Do you have something caught in your throat? You seem to be swallowing rather convulsively.”
How long had she been there?
With a decisive nod, John turned back to the tea. (Turned back into gentle Dr. Watson).
She clicked her tongue at him. “Is that all you have to say? That’s unlike you, Sherlock. Hot and flustered.”
Sherlock flicked his fingers dismissively. “Wasted on me, Irene,” he reminded her. “Do keep up.” He’d been happier to see Irene before she started seducing John with her ridiculous burlesque show. Now he just wanted her gone.
Sherlock could always read him. Could read his actions and silences and thoughts as if he’d spoken them out loud. “Yes,” Sherlock breathed. “Yes, mark me, I’m yours. I’ve been yours since the day we met. John. But you’re not gay. You’ve always said you’re
friend? Come, let’s get you home. I can see that you’re cranky. You need a shower and your dressing gown. And your faithful John.” She strode off down the street, heels clicking on the pavement, hips swaying enticingly underneath the black trench coat.
Irene snorted from the doorway, a distinctly unladylike sound. “You two are hopeless,” she pronounced. “It’s a good thing I’m here.”
“Just making supper,” John said through clenched teeth. “Don’t want this meat to be too tough.”
“What? Oh, right. Tea. I’ll. Erm. Make some tea.” John fled into the kitchen and busied himself with the kettle. Tray, cups, tea…oh, blast it to hell and back, the tea was still in the sitting room, in one of the abandoned Tesco bags on the floor. Gripping the counter John tried his therapeutic breathing again.
“That’s my cue,” Irene said. “Shall I make myself comfortable in the bedroom until your silver-fox Detective Inspector is gone? No, John? Such a pity. Sherlock, you know where to find me. Thank you for the
Well, if there’s anything John knew about it was taking care of people. Hell, he’d been taking care of Sherlock since the day they met. This was just one more crazy step into the abyss. He swiped the lube from Sherlock’s hand and said, “Please. Allow me.”
John grabbed Sherlock’s cock and with a few sharp pumps Sherlock came, spurting on their chests, Sherlock’s body flailing first up to John and then down to the bed. Sherlock lay shuddering through the aftershocks, then his hands flew up to grip John’s shoulders, pulling John in even deeper with the backs of his legs up around John’s hips. “John, John, oh fuck,” Sherlock breathed, “Come for me now. Come in me.”
—but John knew whom she meant. Of course.
, indeed. In actuality, he wanted to throttle them both with his bare hands.
“Oi!” John cried, dropping one of the parcels:
“Kyle.”
At this point he had John’s shirt off and was stroking his nipples. He bent his head to lick one and John made a noise like a whimper. Sherlock smiled again and kneeled to remove John’s trousers, stopping to admire the view. What a delicious sight.
Sherlock ignored him. He climbed out of the ring, loosening his left glove with his teeth and pulling it off. One hand free, he’d started in on his right glove when a flash of color by the door caught his eye.
“Miraculous?” John grinned.
“You’re going to be sore tomorrow,” John said ruefully. He pulled out with care, but still Sherlock whimpered slightly at the loss. “Sorry. I guess I lost my head.” He mopped them up as best as he could with his discarded vest, tossing it onto the floor and binning the used condom.
He’d gotten to six this time when Sherlock wandered into the kitchen. “You’ll be needing this, I believe.” He held the Tesco bag like it was some kind of alien lifeform. No. Sherlock would be
And when Sherlock licked across the head of John’s cock and slid his hot, wet mouth down the length, any reservations John might have had flew right out the window and down Baker Street, across London, and exited the country entirely. Sherlock’s gray-green eyes tipped up to meet John’s own; the heart-shape of his mouth, stretched over John’s achingly-hard cock, had John’s hands scrabbling in the sheets. “Sherlock, oh God,” John gasped. “You don’t have to…”
“Yes?”
“How soon before we can do it again?”
Making sure Saunders was still immobilized (safety first—always), John turned his head in exasperation. Lounging in the doorframe were Sherlock and Irene.
? When did Sherlock wear trainers? “Are you…is there a new case?” John asked.
She laughed—a throaty chuckle—and said, “Yes. I know what you like. You like him,” she said, eyes cutting over to John. “And
. I have them for fantasy. For the fulfillment of their wildest, never-before-revealed and realized dreams. For their darkest desires. For what they want. For what they
“Well, clearly I must be at least a little gay…” John pulled Sherlock’s hand down and placed it over his erection, watching as Sherlock’s face went completely still. “And who cares about labels, anyway? When has that worried you?”
Irene chuckled again from the doorway. “What does a girl have to do for some tea around here?” she asked, sliding the shoulder of her dress down her arm. Another inch and they’d see her nipple, her full breast…
“What? Who?” Cole asked.
So finally John let himself go, thrusting into Sherlock with a punishing rhythm: grinding, pumping, driving himself until he felt his scrotum tightening and the heat gathering and all the blood rushing from his head…and he gripped Sherlock’s hips tighter as he came and came and cried out…
Irene.
“You,” Saunders gasped, trying to push the bar away and get to Sherlock. “You won’t die in your bed, Holmes. I’m going to…”
“No! No, not like anyone else at all. John, my John…” Sherlock whipped off his long, ridiculous, sexy coat and folded it once, twice. He lay it on the floor and with his usual startling grace sank to his knees on top of it. He loosened the scarf from his neck and tossed it aside, his long, capable fingers unfastened the button on John’s trousers.
Okay, it might be a little while before I get back to this! Real life has this pesky way of interfering with my fanfiction...
“And be watched,” Sherlock added under his breath. He could feel the eyes on them: the men, the few women: all staring.
“They can’t hold me. Where is he?” He brandished the crowbar menacingly.
“Try me.” Saunders got in his face, looming over John and making a grab. He had a good half a foot and sixty pounds on John, as well as being almost two decades younger.
“Irene,” Sherlock reprimanded, sharp warning in his voice. He strode over to John and together they rolled Saunders onto his stomach and cuffed him. With duct tape they secured his legs, and—when the man got his breath back enough to start spouting off again—slapped tape across his mouth, too.
That made John throw his head back and laugh out loud. “Greedy bastard,” he said, starting a shallow thrusting again. “D’you like that? D’you like my cock sliding inside you? You’re so tight, Sherlock, so hot, so perfect…”
I joined a boxing gym last year (soon after the 2016 elections. Gee, I wonder why). When I read that there was a boxer in the original ACD "Adventure of the Mazarin Stone" I knew I needed to put Sweaty Boxing Sherlock in a fic…
Sherlock whimpered, his hands ghosting over John’s head. Then: “John, wait, wait,” Sherlock was pushing him off, pulling him back to his feet. His eyes were more like blue flames than like their usual ice. “Bed.”
Irene stepped close enough to whisper. “Yes. Watching us. The big one wants to fuck you.” She jerked her head minutely towards…what was his name? Cole? Carl? Sherlock had already deleted it. “He was distracted enough to let you win. But the rest of them want to fuck me, don’t they? Or the both of us. Hmm. Reminds me of your dear Dr. Watson. Wanting us both."
John kissed softly at first, reassuring, gentle. He felt Sherlock’s body begin to relax, to respond, and so he deepened the kiss. Sherlock’s hands, which had been clenched at his sides, slid up and into John’s hair. Sherlock opened his mouth and moaned as John’s tongue touched his own.
John said, “Yes, that's it, gorgeous sweetheart,” as he watched the whole thing, gasping for breath.
Before I met Sherlock, I had never made love. I didn't know the deep, beautiful, soul-cleansing power of two bodies coming together.
“I didn’t know this was here, it’s beautiful,” John looked at Sherlock and grinned, “like you.”
“John?”
He shifted. “It’s...I...I…”
Sherlock’s brow furrowed. “Intense.”
“You sexy bastard.”
“No, John. It’s perfectly normal.” John wondered how Sherlock could read his mind without even seeing his face.
“Will do.”
He heard footsteps coming down the hallway.
“It's all right, I'm just happy to see you.” He looked down at his feet, knowing he was giving away too much.
Sherlock’s eyes went wide and his jaw dropped. He blinked at John, whose face remained earnest with eyebrows slightly raised. He loved saying things to shock Sherlock.
Sherlock gaped at him. He was so confused. But he flushed at the beautiful praise.
He walked John back and pushed him into sprawling on the large bed. John reached for him, but he evaded his love. He needed to get those swim pants off, and now. He roughly worked his fingers under the strained fabric of John’s pants and tugged hard. John’s abdomen buckled under the force and shock of it. His cock bounced up and slapped back onto his belly. Sherlock ripped the pants down John’s legs and off his feet, tossing them all the way to the other side of the small cottage.
Sherlock quirked one eyebrow but mercifully said nothing.
“Tired.” He dropped my hand and turned to leave the room. “I’m off to bed.”
“Well, I suppose it could have been a sex date, but it wasn’t, okay? So please just leave it.”
Sherlock swooped down and captured John’s lips in a hard kiss. He didn’t move, just squeezed John to him and pressed their lips together. John’s shoulders dropped and he exhaled long and slow through his nose.
A sort of helpless squeak came from Jack’s parted lips as John leaned up and brushed their mouths together. Jack leaned down into it, grabbed his face and kissed him so desperately that John almost laughed. After a short time of exploring each other’s lips with teeth and tongues, John pulled back and stared up into beautiful green eyes. “Beautiful.”
John just stared, wondering if this young model, clearly still high, understood just what he was saying.
“He was my first...everything”
John moved his hand and rested it over one of Sherlock’s and kept it there for the rest of the ride. He was glad John insisted on going with him and he fidgeted slightly less, but his body remained filled with unspent energy. He turned his hand over to interlace his fingers with John’s. He could see John turn his head to look at him but he looked at their hands and stroked John’s hand with his thumb, over and over again. That point of contact was enough to make Sherlock’s whole body sing with lovely sensation. A crackling warm energy transferred between their skin. That chemistry, Sherlock knew, was undeniable for him. He wondered if John felt it too.
They laid together under the sheets, sweat cooling, come leaking out of each other. Switching was something that they only did when they had time. John took forever to come when being penetrated. Not because he didn’t enjoy it. But because he enjoyed it too much. He demanded he go slow, savoring every drag of Sherlock’s cock against his prostate.
It was early evening when John came back to the flat. His footsteps were slow and heavy. I hoped he was not still angry. Earlier I had considered apologizing, but that seemed a bit extreme, so I decided to assess my flatmate’s mood and 'play it by ear', as they say. I grabbed a book from the hearth and opened it to a random page.
“Fuck it,” he said, reaching up to clasp his hands on either side of Sherlock’s head, pulling him down until their lips met. Sherlock’s hands flew up to John’s neck. He deepened the kiss, turning his face, opening his mouth, sliding his hot tongue into John’s eager mouth.
“Sholto.”
“In ten days.”
John set his worry for Sherlock aside for a second to concentrate on what they knew. James Wilder was obviously not dead. It was the perfect cover though. He wasn’t dead and he wasn’t going by Wilder anymore. He had to be someone, working with Mary, in the room...they had Sherlock.
John hummed, “Like a Persian princess on her wedding day.”
There was no response from the blanket.
“Yes,” John breathed out. “He’s everything.” He pinched the bridge of his nose and breathed out slowly. “I’m probably in love with him and he doesn’t know and I just…”
“You all right?”
Sherlock shot up, back straight as a rod, and stared down at John, eyes wide.
Mary and Graham spoke in slightly hushed tones but John could make out a little of what they said.
His sweep of the room abruptly ended when he spotted a tall dapper figure standing near the doorway. They locked eyes. Greg couldn't look away. Mycroft was dressed casually in Blundstone boots, dark jeans, waxed cotton Barbour jacket, and an emerald green scarf.
He cried out, cock twitching rapidly over and over as he spilled through John’s fingers onto his stomach, come mixing with John’s.
He felt like teasing him a bit. Drag out the delicious tension. He pulled back, raised his hands to the sides of John’s face and looked into his eyes. He loved John’s eyes. Large, deep blue, huge pupils at the moment, and long light eyelashes that shined in the afternoon sunlight. They kissed slowly, sliding lips and tongues against each other. Sherlock sucked at John’s lips before he pulled back and opened his eyes. “You go. I want to splash around a bit more.”
John had been back at Baker street for three months (two days, six hours, 31 minutes, but that really was beside the point) and last night he had done the bravest thing Sherlock had ever witnessed him do.
John sat up and lifted off his t-shirt, lifted his hips and wiggled out of his pajamas, leaving him naked, on top, just where Sherlock wanted him.
He startled me by raising both hands, pointing at my face, and shouting, “Wrong!”
“Yes.” Why couldn’t I look away? I willed myself to look away but not before sweeping my eyes down the length of his body. I needed to end this torture somehow. I needed to tell him.
They had plans to meet at the Pret on the corner. John had paced on the sidewalk the whole time Sherlock was out of his sight. When he saw him - walking up the sidewalk, tall and lithe, head tilted down but looking at him from under his too-long fringe, lips parted, just a tip of his pink tongue touching his perfect white teeth - he froze stock still right there on the street. He’d never seen anyone more beautiful. He knew then, he had no choice, and there was no other way. The pull was impossible to resist any longer. They’d solve this case and he promised himself that afterward he would initiate the conversation they needed to have. Resolve the tension finally and see where it might lead. The prospect of a chance with Sherlock made him inappropriately giddy. He hadn’t felt this way in a very, very long time.
“Greg? I know this place. I used to be an assistant to the photographer who rented this space.” He looked up and said, “Back when I was first married to Mary.”
“Like you,” John winked again.
“John!” He nearly knocked them both over with the force of his embrace. He wrapped John in his long arms and buried his face in John’s neck. He mumbled, “No. John. No.”
“I’m fine. More than fine. I liked it.”
“You’re going to make me - “
“Sherlock,” he groaned. “It wasn’t a ‘sex date’, just a regular date.”
“I’ve got you.” John said, as he walked them into the bedroom and stood next to the bed. John looked down at Sherlock’s bed, then back at his face. In an instant, he was bouncing on the mattress and John was looking down at him with a half-smile and an evil glint in his eye.
Sherlock said he wanted to touch every centimeter of John’s skin. Turned out, he wanted to do this with his tongue. His very clever, oh-so-long and dextrous tongue.
“I don’t understand,” Sherlock thought John was the perfect human being and couldn’t fathom his confession of insecurity.
Seduce John.
“Is that alright?” Sherlock looked slightly worried.
John leaned forward, spread his legs and placed his elbows on his knees. He tilted his head, licked his lips and said, “Sherlock.”
Sherlock smirks, eye-lids still drooping, “What was that?”
He looked backwards towards the rest of the agents coming down the hallway. “We’re not authorized to tell you that yet.”
John paused. They had only just gotten there, he’d started drinking. It seemed like they should prepare, be professional, talk about what they both wanted out of the shoot.
Sherlock says, “A veritable ménage à trois.”
“And your eyes. People mistake them for brown, don’t they?” John looked surprised, then tipped his head once in a nod. “Well, they are that gorgeous dark blue you rarely find in nature, except air or water and only in the dead of night.” Sherlock bent down to kiss his lips gently.
“Sweetheart, wait - “
“I could,” Sherlock babbled and thrust up and down between John’s cheeks, “I could put it in, just a bit, just a little bit, but I won’t, I want to, but not now, but I want to. I want to be...ah...oh!...inside...oh!” Sherlock had nothing more to say as he thrust a few more times and came all over John’s arse and lower back, squeezing him tightly.
This was not something John had done often, and never before with a man. But he took his time opening Sherlock, one finger slowly teasing and breeching, then two. Sherlock responded beautifully, spreading his legs further and finally lifting them to allow John better access. He tossed his head on the pillow when John added the third, his voice so low it rumbled in John’s ears: “Enough; I’m ready. No more of this horrid delay of gratification.”
Sherlock broke the silence first. “So…your Army days?”
“Yeah, that stick punch took me by surprise.” Sherlock’s tattooed opponent had recovered sufficiently to join them. He swigged some water, wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, and said, clearly disappointed, “You unwrapped. I thought we could go another round.”
But John wasn’t ready to come like that. He rolled and pinned Sherlock down on the bed, sliding his knee between Sherlock’s thighs. Sherlock gasped, trying to catch his breath, and John kissed his neck again, his ears, his lips, his eyelids.
without your performing a strip-tease?”
Irene smiled, arched an eyebrow, licked her top lip with just the tip of her tongue, and slid her hand suggestively up her bare thigh. Only then, when she had his full, riveted, attention, did she say, “Tea sounds lovely. Thank you, John.”
John’s noisy swallow was audible to them all.
“So,” Sherlock said. A brief, insincere smile flitted across his face. “What brings you back to London?”
The ring of Sherlock’s phone shook John out of his musings and he turned his head to watch as Sherlock answered the call. His flatmate listened for a moment then nodded, “We are coming.”
"No more privileged than I feel because you allowed me to be fully myself with you, John. It is the first time I receive such…unconditional acceptance." A moment of pause, then Sherlock continued. "I trust you know how important you are for me.”
Pressure mounted inside John, and warm spread from his belly.
“I have no friends,” he had almost snarled, to which John had replied with “I wonder why,” before leaving, his back ramrod straight, his head held high.
John’s military side rebelled at the mess, while his Omega side liked the warmth and cosiness of the place. It looked like a real home, completely different from his bedsit or Coleman’s cold flat.
Less awesome was to be left alone in Brixton, while Sherlock disappeared God only knew where.
John looked torn at his friend. His doctor’s instinct told him to call the ambulance, but what he really knew about vampire physiology? Trusting Sherlock to know what was best for him at least in this circumstance, he dialled Mycroft’s number.
A few seconds later, Sherlock collapsed, going limp with his head over John’s chest.
This time John couldn’t contain himself. He rolled his eyes. “I can’t understand how a man as intelligent as yourself can be so dense! I gave you pleasure because I wanted to, because I like to make you happy, but I don’t expect you to do the same to me. I don’t need it.”
Sherlock shook his head. “That’s your training talking, John. You have been indoctrinated to put your master’s needs and desires above your own, but it’s no longer necessary, not with me. As I said, I’ve no need or desire for a Personal Companion.”
“Preying on homeless? You mean there is a serial killer?”
John took the towel and wrapped it around his body, face filled with pain. “Don’t you want me at all? Am I repugnant to you? Did they get it wrong in giving a man to you? Do you want only women?”
“I was in my Mind Palace, recalling the events of Majors’ murder and…” Sherlock didn’t complete the line.
“Yes, one you passed with flying colours.” Mr. Holmes motioned with a hand and a woman, the same one John had seen in his office when he had first met Sherlock, came forward carrying a gun and a box of bullets.
John dearly hoped Sherlock Holmes’ character would turn to be as beautiful as his eyes.
Molly made a helpless gesture with her hands, “I don’t know. I can only tell you last week I examined the body of a homeless man found dead near Delancey Street. He sported a similar kind of wound, but the Met didn’t tell me to proceed with an autopsy as they ruled out the murder as the result of a fight between homeless people.”
“I don't know,” John answered. Sherlock’s heart was an enigma for him. He longed for a true relationship with his bondmate. He hadn’t been a virgin when he had bonded with Coleman. He knew how good sex could be between two people who cared for each other, and he longed to experience again that never forgotten passion and tenderness. But the problem was John wasn’t sure Sherlock was able to love like that, and he didn’t want to press him in the fear of ruining their relationship. They weren’t lovers, but they were friends and it was so much more than he ever had during his 17 years with Coleman.
“No, he left about five minutes ago. He said to call him if you need something.”
“Good evening, Ma-Sherlock. I hope I’ve not done anything wrong. I saw it was getting late and I thought it was best if I went to buy something,” John had said with a smile.
Sherlock let go of his still hard cock and slammed his fist on the mattress as he willed the mocking images out of his mind. He could not stay like that. He had to stand up, cover himself, go to sleep and hope to forget the whole thing.
“Sherlock, sex isn’t the basis of a loving relationship.”
“One day Sherlock came to visit me at Bart’s. He was so excited and nervous he was almost giddy. He showed me a ring he had just purchased; he had decided to ask Janine to marry him. I complimented him for his choice and told him it was about time he proposed. Then I sent him on his way and prepared to make plans for his wedding. I watched him walk away with a spring in his step I had never seen before…only to see him return two hours later, head bowed and shoulders slumped, the jeweller’s box still in his hand. I knew at once his devastation didn’t come from his proposal being refused. I led him to my office to give him privacy and I saw him collapse on the couch, head in his hands as he broke in front of me. It’s something I hope I’ll never see again...” She shivered, as she relived the moment.
John closed his eyes and collapsed against the back of the armchair, as he thought about how confusing his life had just turned out to be.
It was as a stunning revelation as Sherlock’s being a vampire, and John repeated it in his mind until Mycroft’s voice intruded into his thoughts.
What the hell was he doing? Molesting his friend as he slept? John blushed to the root of his hair as he realized he was hard. His shame was overwhelming. God, he really had to get a grip on himself. What would happen if Sherlock awoke? Those keen eyes saw everything, noticed everything and how could John justify sporting a hard-on while looking at his half naked flatmate?
Then John continued his assault on his lover’s body. First his neck, which was thoroughly kissed and licked, as he savored the delicious saltiness of his skin. Then his chest, which was caressed, kissed and nipped, his chest hair smoothed and combed. John pushed away Sherlock’s hand while  he dedicated himself to the other man’s hard, small nipples because Sherlock had tried to return the sensation he loved so much.
Cursing again, John was about to retrace his steps and go home when an arm suddenly sized him by the collar and pulled him in a narrow, dark alley.
“Reward? You call this a reward?” Sherlock glared at the letter with disgust.
John stared straight at her eyes and nodded once, as deadly seriously as she was.
The next day was quiet and spent entirely inside the flat. Lestrade called early in the morning telling they had a possible suspect for Majors’ murder and inviting them to the Yard, but Sherlock declined, once again claiming he had experiments to attend to.
Sherlock climbed on the bed and scooted up the mattress on his hand and knees. He used one hand to stroke the other man’s back, intrigued by two scars that marred his skin. One was a surgical cut near his kidneys and it looked quite old. It probably had been made to remove the O-Gland. The other scar, instead, was much more recent, and looked like a bullet wound. Uhm...the Omega was getting more and more interesting.
“Fuck that,” John said. He could feel Sherlock’s hard cock against his stomach, through all their layers of clothing, and if that wasn’t the sexiest thing he’d ever felt…He cupped Sherlock’s face in his hands and brought it down for another kiss, licking around those full lips, dipping his tongue into the striking cleft of his philtrum, biting and tasting. The noises Sherlock was making in his throat were setting him on fire.
“Sam Merton. Boxer.” Sam pulled off his right glove and stuck out his wrapped hand for Irene to shake.
“Oi,” he said again, even louder this time. “What are you doing here?”
Long enough, clearly. “Good show, darling,” she drawled, scanning him appreciatively. “You look a treat, all sweaty and rough. Reacquainting yourself with the pleasures of the flesh, I see.”
They lay together, sticky, happy, holding each other. Each lost in his own thoughts.
“Sherlock? When was
“Oi, I’d think even the transport could use a little attention now and then. I'll get some from upstairs,” John said, rolling off and heading back to the door. Sherlock made a sad, disgruntled sound at John’s sudden absence. “I’ll be right back,” John reassured him. “And anyway, delayed gratification can be such a good thing.”
“It’s still no.”
John grabbed his wrists and yanked them away. “Sherlock,” he said sternly, his Captain Watson voice clear in the cavernous room. “I want you. I’m not going to change my mind. We can go home and do this the right way, not on a moldy, disgusting floor with criminals circling outside…”
“Shut up, Irene.”
Instead she continued, “These poor, sad men you’re taking it out on. When all you need is a good, long, hard…”
Thanks for reading! Big hugs and Johnlock kisses!
John rolled his eyes. The things Irene enjoyed. Saunders was not an attractive specimen.
They stumbled together to the bed, all lips and arms and legs, tumbling over together, rubbing against each other, touching and tasting. John felt like he was having an out-of-body experience. Sherlock felt his senses sharpen, his mind cataloguing the sensations: the stubble on John’s face rubbing his own cheek, the warmth and hardness of John’s cock against his stomach, the amazing, erotic noises John made as Sherlock stroked him up and down.
“There,” Sherlock said, satisfied. He sat back on his heels and smiled at John, the post-case, just-for-John, genuine smile that appeared so rarely. John couldn’t help but grin back, stupidly happy in spite of himself.
It was a simple equation. If he got distracted—if he thought about John—he’d get punched in the head. So he’d better not think about John.
With great difficulty, John swiveled his head away from the sex goddess in his kitchen doorway and toward his flatmate. Sherlock looked…odd. Vulnerable. Almost upset. John’s brow creased with concern.
Two sets of eyes slid over to deduce him. Bollocks.
“Oh god,” John muttered. He shut his eyes and started counting in his head again.
Kicking one of Saunders’ legs out from under him, John leveraged the bar and they crashed to the ground. Rolling and grappling, John ended up on top, kneeling over the man and holding the crowbar against his neck.
Wiping his neck, Sherlock snapped, “Really, Irene. Must you call attention to yourself all the time?”
When the door crashed open John’s first thought was, of course,
“Yes,” John said, marveling at the turn of event these past few hours. Where was his heterosexual crisis? His panic at finding himself in bed with his insane flatmate? Nowhere, clearly. Instead all John felt was wonder and awe. Gratitude. Desire. A frisson of alarm when Sherlock pushed him down on the bed and covered John with his whole body, kissing John passionately, all hot wet tongue and hungry mouth. It was a new experience for John, being pressed into the bed by someone so much bigger than he. But before he could analyze the feeling any further Sherlock slid down his body, kissing, nipping, licking: John’s neck, shoulders, his scar; nipples and sternum; navel and hip, the crease separating thigh and groin. It was too exquisite not to give himself up to the sensations.
“Too bad. Who’s your lady friend here?” Sam leaned against the doorway and smiled at Irene.
That the flat would be empty for a few hours that morning.
Sherlock stood with his head against the wall, his eyes screwed shut, hands yanking his hair. Tension radiated from his body. John stared in confusion. That’s not how Sherlock typically looked in the middle of a case. Usually he was childishly delighted by surprises, exhilarated by the chase, intrigued by a turn of events that would – perhaps – engage both his mind and body for a few moments. But that’s not how he looked now. His face was agonized.
John Watson was, as always, a study in contradictions.
John let the rest of the parcels fall. To hell with the shopping.
“Yes. Phenomenal. Extraordinary. Absolutely fucking mind-blowing.”
– but his body knew what to do. His body moved in and rutted against Sherlock’s leg, and Sherlock broke off from the kiss, leaned his head back against the wall, and groaned like something had broken inside of him. John licked a long swath up and down that gorgeous white neck. He clamped his lips and teeth and he bit, sucked long and hard, at last pulling off to see the dark love bite on Sherlock’s neck. The sight both astounded and thrilled him.
John carefully lay the knife down on the counter and said, “Just a moment, Rosie.” He walked purposefully into the living room, braced his hands on the windowsill, and, under his breath, uttered every swear word he knew.
by an alien lifeform. He held it the way John would hold a bag of sanitary towels: with the air of “
That deep, desperate sound from Sherlock set John on fire. He moved his hands to Sherlock’s shoulders and pressed him against the door, pinning him back with his hands and his body. He could feel that Sherlock was hard again. Or still, in spite of the endless taxi ride.
bored. I thought it might be amusing to come watch you.”
Perhaps it was unfair of John to take out all his irritation on a poor, unsuspecting criminal. His rage at the roller-coaster of the last couple of years; therapy notwithstanding, John still had a lot of shit to work out. His annoyance at Irene’s unexpected (unwanted; unnecessary) visit. His frustration at the way he and Sherlock were still circling each other, getting closer and closer but never touching. Never acknowledging the…whatever it was…between them.
“Bed,” Sherlock murmured. “Yes, bed, warm, soft. But I want you here. I want you now. John. I want you to take me so there’s no going back. I almost lost you again…I almost lost you, and I can’t cope anymore, can’t cope until I’m yours, body and soul…”
“No. Uncle Lock read story,” proclaimed Rosie imperiously. For not-quite-two, she certainly knew how to assert herself.
Sherlock jerked away. Sam threw his head back and barked out a laugh. Irene grinned, smug as the cat that got the cream.
“Shut it. You’re going to
“Yes, I can see that.” Irene was laughing at him, her eyes alight with mischief as she lounged in the doorway. “Perhaps we should make ourselves at home,” she said, and slowly—slowly—unbuckled her trench coat, slid it off, and tossed it onto a chair.
“- and it will take ages for the shopping, but maybe we can take a cab. Then we’ll only have to worry about the cabbie instead of whole streets full of people who will be throwing themselves at you. We can spend more time in the flat or at Bart's, but Molly...and Mike…they are going to trouble, because they already know you. And now you look like...that...plus you are brave and strong and funny and loyal. No, bad idea. We can’t go to Bart’s anymore, I’m afraid.”
John wanted to be horizontal. And naked. Now.
John’s eyes roamed over his face. Sherlock hoped he could read his mind. His gaze traveled to Sherlock’s bite-swollen lips and he licked his own sympathetically. Then he looked down as Sherlock removed his shirt, finally settling his eyes on Sherlock’s confined cock.
“This is mine,” he said between kisses and soft sucks that had Sherlock’s knees buckling, tingling nerves running the length of his entire body. “This long, gorgeous neck drives me crazy, and it’s mine.”
His face softened and he took the compliment. “Thank you.”
John chuckled quietly. He grabbed Sherlock’s face in both hands and kissed him deep and filthy. Sherlock responded enthusiastically, trying to put all of the passion he felt for this man into the kiss. John pulled away slightly, keeping his hands on Sherlock’s face, and just looked.
Greg clapped a strong hand on his shoulder and said, “We will.” He pulled out his phone again and began to gather information about locked doors, witness interviews, and potential leads on where a room full of people went so quickly with a 6-foot tall unconscious man in tow.
John reviewed some of the photos on his screen and was thrilled.
He opened his legs as wide as he could. John pushed up to sink both hands into Sherlock’s hair and pull. He gasped. “F-fuck,” he stuttered out. John went for his throat once more. Sherlock felt the soft tickle of John’s chest hair, his soft cock on his belly, his strong thigh nudged up just under his balls, pressing hard. Held down, pinned by pulled hair, rough bites at his neck, and hard thighs. His mind buzzed with arousal, the taste of John in his throat, the salt-sea air filling his gulping lungs. Surrender. He raised his arms above his head, giving in, knowing John would take care of him.
“Yes.”
“Greg…” he began, but stopped and waited for a minute.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m fine. Everything is fine.”
John chuckled, “I know, love. This is going to be the world’s most efficient shower and then we’re going to go to bed to sleep.”
As they ascended the stairs after Eve, John muttered under his breath. “As far as I’m concerned, every one of these hipster fucks are suspects.”
“No pants? In those jeans? All day? Definitely trying to kill me.” John looked at Sherlock naked on his back and licked his lips.
John spent the next few days talking with a stylist, hair and makeup, a location scout, Billy, and Mike about the shoot. The only person he hadn’t talked to was Sherlock.
This boy was beautiful and John knew he was going to be stunning in the photographs, but he’d had just about enough of the strung out hyperactive child stood before him.
He scrambled back and stood, loving the way John's eyes greedily soaked him in.
“You’re beautiful.”
“And you love me. That fact astonishes me on a daily basis because although you say I am amazing and brilliant, I am also the most unpleasant, rude, ignorant, and all-around obnoxious arsehole that anyone could possibly have the misfortune to meet. And yet you love me.”
Sherlock backed away two steps. Victor looked at him, but there was no recognition. He looked terrified. There was evidence of a severe beating some days ago. Dark purple bruising turned green and yellow around his throat, down one side of his face from temple to jaw. The sclera of one eye was black with pooled blood.
“Fine, John,” I nodded, “Quite fine.”
Sherlock said, “Trust me, you're going to be inside me but I am definitely fucking you.”
“How long have you been here?”
Behind the clockface of Big Ben.
“Oh my god,” he said, mouth hanging open.
“Which is always. And you're right, I do.” John finally took a long gulp of his beer.
Mycroft’s eyebrows raised, but didn’t say anything.
He heard rustling and suddenly the door opened. John scrambled to his feet. Sherlock was still holding the doorknob, eyeing him wildly. “You want to ask how I feel about you? After all of these years?”
“I’m fine.” he said, placing small pecks on John’s lips, cheeks, and finally his forehead.
Sherlock quietly, almost shyly said, “Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.”
“As if I ever do. Text me the details.”
As much as watching this exchange amused John, he desperately wanted to know where he could find Sherlock.
John’s hand moved up his body and out from the top of the duvet, probably to touch his face, or rub his eyes, or smooth his hair. Of course, Sherlock couldn’t see. He watched as John’s hips moved in minute thrusts as his back arched in a stretch. Sherlock heard him exhale and watched his body still.
Through gritted teeth, the agent said, “Outside.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He and John were in Los Angeles for a case that turned out surprisingly interesting. Murder, money laundering, and prostitution involving some of the town’s most famous residents. The paparazzi was relentless with every aspect of the case, including a new obsession with a certain British duo. It seemed they couldn't get enough of the short, blonde, fierce one smirking at the scathing, curly-haired, showy one. They'd been photographed snogging in the back of the limo on their first day on the scene. That gained them a nickname in the papers and on blogs. Johnlock. Sherlock actually liked it. John didn’t give a shit.
John didn’t even need to look to know exactly the photo Sherlock asked about. Of course, this beautiful, scarily perceptive genius would pick that photo from the scores of others crowding the walls.
Absorbed in my thoughts, yet tuned to my new friend’s presence, I turned towards John as he walked into the lounge. I watched him take off his coat, noting the space that opened up between shirt buttons to reveal the smallest sliver of soft stomach. I felt heat slowly emanate from my neck up to my cheekbones.
John was sitting in his chair, head facing away from Sherlock. He was reading BBC news on his laptop and was seemingly unaware of Sherlock padding towards him. As Sherlock got close, however, he could see John’s lips pursed ever so slightly, and his eyes focused not on the laptop screen, but to the side of the room from which Sherlock was approaching.
Sherlock laughed, “I’ve had worse.”
I sighed. “As you heard this evening, I had somewhat of a...problem. For a while. With cocaine and heroin. Mostly.”
“Really? Are you with the police?”
“Why does John think you got high last night?”
John nodded. “I want to help. Let me help.”
Mary was expecting him the next day.
John’s hand moved down to grasp his own shaft. His small hand closed loosely around it, making it look even larger. He sighed with contentment, as if the confirmation of his intact physical form was deeply satisfying. Sherlock smiled at the humanness - the maleness - of the action.
I smiled at him, “Just thought I’d state the obvious.”
John’s face changed from just that side of mirth to just this side of affection. He said, “Amazing. Glorious. Life-altering,”
Sherlock lay there and replayed the last few hours in his head.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I think you are.”
Sherlock leaned his head against the glass and placed his knuckles to his lips. He remembered the kiss John gave him before saying, “Until later.” Sherlock just nodded and climbed into the cab. If he had said what he really wanted to...well, maybe there’d be time for that later.
“Then pull?”
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock said as he followed her inside. He’d bribed her into cleaning the flat by promising to play cards with her on any three occasions of her choosing. It would be a steep price to pay, but he couldn’t remember how he’d left the place. It wouldn’t do for John to stay in a potentially hazardous, borderline drug den, so he’d called Hudders.
Mycroft gave him a withering look. “Of course I do.”
John picks up his wine glass and casually says, “How’s that going?” and took a sip. His tone was extremely nonchalant, as if he was just curious. Just wondering.
Sherlock felt John’s hand on his shoulder and a soft kiss to his temple.
“I was on it, Mycroft. I have been working on this operation for months.”
“Um, a bit large, I mean.”
Sherlock walked up behind him quietly, leaned slightly over his shoulder and said softly, “Hello.”
“It’s okay, please, listen,” Sherlock pleaded with his friend. All hope was not lost. He needed to convince Victor to pull himself together. They would get out of there.
He was unaccountably nervous and shaken. They’d talked about this. He knew what his story was, he just needed to say it. “I’d like to get to the next level. Book a big campaign. I don’t know if Shad can do it for me, but I think you could.”
I looked back at her. “What am I going to do?”
Agents were still emerging into the hallway when finally he saw her, hands behind her back guided by one of the larger agents he’d seen. She looked as cool and professional as ever. The only sign that there had been any strife was slight black smudging from her mascara under one eye. Even her pixie cut looked artfully tousled. Her face had been a mask of indifference until her eyes landed on John’s face.
on Tumblr.
No response.
Sherlock closed his eyes and sucked him down over and over. The taste of his John, filling his mouth, brine and earth. He moved his hand to stroke him in time. Soon John was moaning and thrashing saying, “Sweetheart, yes,” and “beautiful, perfect.” Sherlock stroked fast and sucked without mercy, coaxing John’s climax expertly. John shouted, tugging Sherlock’s hair to pull him off. Sherlock pulled off, stroked his hand faster and watched as John came, shooting over his belly.
Immediately, he felt Sherlock tense up and stop his gentle caress.
He grabbed John’s shoulders and gathered him close. “Stop.”
I blinked. “I’m a user. There’s a difference.”
Sherlock sank back down and started to ride John right there in his chair.
John knew his eyes were wide, his lips were breathlessly parted, and his fists were clenched, but he couldn’t do anything about that as Sherlock walked up to him and stood one step too close. He looked up into Sherlock’s face and saw the hint of his smile, the crinkle at the corners of his eyes. Sherlock must have seen that he was besotted, frozen with want. John couldn’t think, he couldn’t see anything but Sherlock’s gorgeous face. He said, “You’re killing me.”
Sherlock shook his head.
“Yes, I thought that too. We should be able to take advantage of it.”
“He was here for an appointment. Graham told me he was coming and where to take him and that’s what I did. I was in and out of here since then. A few people came and went but I don’t believe any of them was your friend.”
“We should, somewhere.” Greg walked to the other table where information and photos of all of the Agra employees were stacked. He rifled through the stack, mumbling, “Nope, wrong Graham...um...okay, yes, here he is.” He pulled out a small photo and handed it to John.
John didn’t move, but his head hung down slightly lower.
“I care about him but we haven’t been together in a very long time.”
He blinked. Him?
Sherlock hugged him closer and turned his head so his lips were pressed against John’s neck. He mumbled, “I’m so sorry, please forgive me, love.” Sherlock rarely called John anything other than John, but his regret was a palpable knot sitting on his chest, and he would do or say anything to make John forgive him.
Sherlock huffed a short laugh. “Yeah, I know. I feel like shit.”
John’s shoulder was on fire and his arm hung limply at his side. He could see that James was shouting but he couldn’t hear it. His camera was so heavy. He opened his hand and it dropped away. A vague feeling of loss and unease was alleviated when he looked at James. He was holding John’s face in his massive hands, blue eyes crinkling with a forced smile. John smiled back and whispered his name.
John reached out and slapped his arse and said, “All right, let me up so I can clean up our mess.”
John smiled and said, “Good morning to me.” He placed one warm hand around Sherlock’s demanding erection, and used the other hand to guide Sherlock’s head so he could kiss his resulting gasping moan.
The bedroom air was cool on his heated skin. Sherlock pulled the sheet up to cover himself. He noticed the movement made a flurried shadow on the nearest wall. He experimented with his fingers to determine where the light was coming from, and where the shadow would land. To his delight, the shadow landed on the wall nearest to John’s side of the bed.
“You and your Year 10 Maths,” Victor said, smiling fondly at Sherlock. Sherlock blushed. He loved that smile. Maybe he did want to kiss Victor. He’d think about it later, after Maths.
“John,” he panted. “I’m - .”
John’s eyebrows shot up. He wasn’t all that surprised that Sherlock had gotten into trouble with the law, but he was surprised at how amused Greg looked.
“Oh god,” John breathed, “Sher-. Your mouth.”
Down the hall, they heard muffled shouting. There was no more screaming from Mary.
John and Sherlock were at the Holmes’ house on a gorgeous weekend in spring, taking their tea in the garden, wandering slowly through the flower beds.
“You still love him.”
But Sherlock couldn’t wait, and calling him “sweetheart” was not helping. He couldn’t seem to control his body. It was a pleasure-seeking entity acting without his authority. Sherlock had never in his life been this excited by a few kisses and thrusts.
“Like I do?”
A man with a long nose, thinning dark hair, a three-piece suit, and an umbrella stood to the side, placidly surveying the activity.
He took the mug of broth and swallowed the pills. The broth was salty and warm. The perfect temperature, and he swallowed the whole cup in a few swigs.
Sherlock had been looking at John’s hand. It only took a moment before his lip quivered and his whole face crumpled.
) his mobile buzzed again.
He should not get involved. Watching Sherlock’s beautiful face, breathing deeply in sleep, John was mesmerized by his youth and alien beauty. He didn’t know how long it took, he couldn’t remember, but at some point he had fallen asleep.
“Yes. There are biological and non-biological. Biological being olfactory and the sense receptors on the tongue. Non-biological I already mentioned.”
John scrambled out of bed, leaving Sherlock standing next to his bed staring down at the now empty sheets.
This story has officially earned its rating.
“Mr. Wilder. So you know who he is?” John asked.
They got married in a small church ceremony on a freezing February Sunday. They shared a tiny flat in a neighborhood that would eventually become the ‘artsy’ place to live but was downright scary when they lived there.
John immediately buried his face in Sherlock’s neck and started to slowly thrust again. Sherlock gasped. John panted, “Just...let me.” Sherlock held tighter, relishing the feeling of John chasing his own long orgasmic aftershocks. After a moment John stopped moving and let out a long satisfied sigh. Sherlock could feel him smiling against his neck.
“Impossible,” John said, smiling.
“I fell.”
He moved his hand back to John’s hips and leaned down to kiss him. They kissed in the dim light of his bathroom for long, sweet minutes. He got lost and when John finally pulled away he was almost surprised they were still standing.
Sexual pleasure is very important to John. It always has been. He’s been touching himself since he was a boy. He vaguely remembers that his tiny prick would get hard and he would rub it against the mattress. He didn’t remember having orgasms, per se, but it felt good.
Sherlock lowered his chin and looked at from under his lashes. “No, John.”
After the initial rush caused by the potential of a new case, Sherlock immediately felt disappointed. Disappointed that he would not be able to linger in bed to run his hands through John’s hair. Or kiss his stubbled jaw. Or feel the soft skin of his stomach against his own. Or stroke his gorgeous thick cock until he came. All of that would have to wait. The work demanded them both.
John was awake.
A couple walked behind them. The man loudly said “Hey!” and waved both hands at all of the servers and bartenders. Clearly they were regulars, but Sherlock detected the tight smiles of the staff and determined that this couple was trouble. The short, dark-haired man had eyes too small and a pink nose from too much drink. He wore over-sized cargo shorts and a hideous short-sleeved button-up with a palm tree and fish pattern repeated all over it. Sherlock shuddered.
Sherlock nodded. “You could stay here when you visit.” His voice rumbled, low and sad.
John moaned and said, “God, Sherlock. You can’t just say things like that.”
Sherlock looked down at himself, then back to John’s eyes. He smirked, “Is it?”
He hoisted his laptop and camera bags onto his good shoulder and was about to say goodbye to Sherlock when the man himself was already standing right next to him, a little closer than would be considered normal in British culture.
That sounded fast to John considering the number of prints they must have found in that room. They were lucky it was morning and the room had probably been thoroughly cleaned before Sherlock or anyone else walked into that room.
Sherlock moaned, “I want use them now, John. Please can you scoot up put your cock in my mouth?”
He walked out the big main suite doors slowly but as soon as it closed behind him, he tucked the book into the back of his waistband and sprinted for the stairwell. He flew down the stairs, down a small corridor, then up the stairwell one floor at the opposite end of the building. If he was correct, he’d end up right outside of Mary’s other office door.
Sherlock was also positively ignorant of his own attractiveness. When they first met, John was amused by the double-takes and long stares from the people they met. Sherlock’s stunning beauty was a mystery. The wide-set blue-green eyes, high cheekbones, impossibly full lips should not have worked together. His face was so alien, so strange, that John sometimes just stared at him to try to make it make sense. The eternal question was how those features worked together to make the most gorgeous face he’d ever seen on any man or woman.
“What?”
“You can return the favor?”
Sherlock’s face was completely blank as he stared at John. John missed the light he had seen in his eyes the last time they were together.
“I promise.”
I sighed and threw myself onto the couch, back to him. I said to the couch cushions, “Really John, no need to be so dramatic.”
“Something wrong?” John asked.
John just stared, wondering if this young model, clearly still high, understood just what he was saying.
His eyes darted around from surface to surface.
“Sherlock was clearly disoriented and now missing.”
“I think so, Sherlock Holmes. You are looking seriously beautiful in this light and my camera can’t wait.”
Thanks for reading! I am
John thought they’d soap themselves up, maybe tease each other a bit, then get out, dry off, and have some tea and toast. John was wrong.
“Sherlock, you need to talk to him. I don’t see a way around that, I’m afraid. There’s a big difference between an intense friendship and romance. The best romances come from friendship, but if he’s not oriented that way...well…then,” she stopped.
People do look, don’t they? He looked. He looked at everyone. He looked for bulges. Wow. Was he a pervert?
“I guess everyone is a pervert and so are you. I guess I’m a pervert too, when it comes to you, because I could see that you were approximately 3 to 4 inches in those damned white pants. But.” Sherlock got a bit breathless with laughter. He was starting to get hysterical. God, what was wrong with him? “I think the hormones are making me an idiot.”
“It’s too quiet.”
Sherlock did not know where they were headed but North London was full of industrial areas and business parks.
John stared at her but wanted to know more about this cute, petite, fiery blonde who seemed to know all about him (and his broken heart). She linked her arm into his elbow and they proceeded to talk non-stop for the rest of their evening. She told him why his ex-girlfriend Sarah was not right for him, even though she was sorry he was hurting, but he would find someone better, winking as she said so. She told him about her dreams of becoming a fashion designer, her first sexual encounter with a woman, her best friend who was questioning for a while but was not transitioning for the time being. She was open and so funny and absolutely brilliant, the smartest person John had ever spent time with. John left the pub with a simple kiss on the cheek and a short half-hug.
Sherlock didn’t appreciate his rudeness, and decided to ignore him. Now would be a good time begin the experiment with the skin grafts. He would make sure to set up in full view of his grumpy mate, just to annoy him. If he was lucky, John would sigh audibly.
“Bit creepy,” John said, “but helpful in this case.” He raised their joined hands and kissed Sherlock’s knuckles softly.
“Happy Birthday.”
He thought he’d go, hang around the café, maybe have some mulled wine and watch everyone make a fool of themselves, especially John. Maybe he could sneak into the Natural History Museum’s mineralogy lab. He hadn’t seen Robin in a while. But Molly had been adamant about everyone participating, and when John gave him ‘the look’ Sherlock was unable to resist.
Billy just nodded.
“Hello, John.” I was quite aware of the visible flush on my face.
John just looked back at him, confused. He had put a bit more product in it and decided to comb it away from his forehead. It was still fairly short and mostly grey, just...pushed up a bit.
He had been trying not to think about Sherlock. About Sherlock and his beautiful eyes and curious mind and gorgeous hands. He had to remind himself that his ridiculous thoughts (and actions - he’d printed out a hard copy of that damned photo) were wasted on a young irresponsible manipulator who had invited himself home with John, kissed him, only to sneak out in the middle of the night. Overwhelmed with anger and regret that he let himself feel something for Sherlock, he he tried to banish thoughts of him as soon as they surfaced.
Greg waited breathlessly.
Sherlock reached out for John with his other hand, pulled their hips together, and looked down into John’s eyes. “So did you.” He leaned down to kiss him softly, a few short pecks to John’s soft lips.
“Why, I’m lying on your settee, eating an apple.” She took a bite to illustrate her point.
Even naked, she was still in disguise.
(Later. He’d think about it later. Alone, when Irene was gone and everyone else asleep, Sherlock would lie on his bed and luxuriate in the memories he’d saved: every Captain Watson from his Mind Palace, every crisp order and military stare that made Sherlock’s spine tingle and the hairs on the back of his neck stand up. He’d indulge himself. Now that John was back at 221B where he belonged, Sherlock could savor the fantasies of John in his uniform; John turning that glare on Sherlock and ordering him to his knees, and Sherlock before him, obeying, sinking down, staring at polished black combat boots before raising his eyes and opening his mouth to…)
“Are you all right?” he asked quietly, Irene (almost) forgotten.
His mouth otherwise occupied, Sherlock’s reply was to grab one of John’s hands and place it on his bobbing head. John ran his fingers through those soft curls. God, Sherlock’s mouth! He must be deducing what John liked as he sucked and teased and ran his tongue in all the places that drove John right around the bend. “Christ, Sherlock, I don’t want this to be over too soon,” he panted.
“John. Don’t you dare apologize.” Sherlock lay them both back and nestled his head onto John’s chest, ruffling the golden hair between his nipples. “That was…perfect. Miraculous.”
fighting?” John asked, but it was good he didn’t expect an answer from that infuriating woman, since he didn’t get one.
“That was close,” John gasped, when he could finally get the words out. His eyes adjusted to the dim light and he could see they were in a basement storage room. A few dusty boxes stood in a corner but the rest was cavernously empty, the only light coming in from a streetlamp, faint through the cloudy window. “I thought…”
The over-tattooed brute he faced now in the ring outweighed him by at least two stone, but was slow and muscle-bound. What Sherlock lacked in mass he made up for in speed, and in the ability to predict where his opponent would strike. This one would turn his head a fraction in the direction he was planning to punch, giving Sherlock ample time to block his blows. It was better when he could slip or roll out of the way, but the man had cornered Sherlock against the ropes and was pounding him with hooks—
“No.” Sherlock rocked his head back and forth against the wall. That looked like it hurt. “No, I shouldn’t have put you in this situation in the first place. Three of them, with guns. They’ve killed before, they wouldn’t have thought twice about…” his voice cracked.
John chuckled. He ran his fingers over Sherlock’s cock, marveling at its smooth paleness, nestled against silky black pubes. His prick was longer than John’s own, he could tell, but - not that he was competitive or anything - John’s was thicker. This was going to be fun. He flicked his tongue over the tip, then circled, working his way up and down the shaft. Sherlock was muttering a nonsensical string of oaths and prayers. His sounding incoherent, undone, was unbelievably sexy. Taking a deep breath, John opened wide and slid his mouth down the length of Sherlock’s cock. He couldn’t take it all, but he was close. He grabbed the base with his hand and started to pump with his mouth. It had been a long time.
The quote, "You won't die in your bed, Holmes," comes from the ACD story, "The Adventure of the Mazarin Stone."
“If Uncle Sherlock is home I’m sure he’ll read to you,” John said. He’d hammered the meat so thin it no longer fit into the pan, its paper-width sides flopping over onto the range. John bit back the curses he wanted to utter (having a toddler in the house was really quite the remedy for his Army vocabulary), pulled the meat from the pan and savagely sliced it into pieces. There. Back into the pan, and no, he wasn’t going to think of Sherlock off with Irene, and what she’d said, and the dead silence with which they’d received her declaration. He
“Sherlock?” John stepped over to pull Sherlock’s face back from the wall. “It’s okay, Sherlock, you’re okay…”
Now that Irene had pointed it out, Sherlock wondered how he’d missed the unmistakable desire in the man’s glance. Perhaps because it seemed so out of place on that menacing pugilist’s face, above a chest like a tree trunk and arms like slabs of beef. Objectively, the man wasn’t completely unattractive, if one went in for that sort of thing.
(Sherlock, of course, noted the lines of a miniscule wrap dress underneath. No pants. This information would not have been an improvement upon John’s state of mind, so it was just as well that Sherlock left it unsaid.)
The words seemed to implode in John’s head. Though he was a relative stranger to this kind of sex, still he knew they needed a little help in the lubrication department. “Do you have anything we can use? We need some slick. And a condom…”
As always - please let me know about any typos or other glaring errors! Thank you :)  See the end for more notes, too.
One minute John was standing there, almost at ease, with the steel held loosely, almost casually. Blink your eye and you’d miss it: John’s first strike came so quickly Saunders literally didn’t know what hit him. He’d had his hands up to protect his head so John smashed the bar into the side of his knee. That brought the man down closer to John’s level. Ribs next, aiming for his head now…
That Sherlock and John would arrive home at precisely the same time—Sherlock emerging, elegant and unruffled, from a taxi, while John trudged up to the entrance of 221 Baker Street, overburdened like a pack mule and sweating in his heavy jacket in the watery February sunshine.
“Sorry.”
“Criminals,” Sherlock repeated. “Yes.” In one fluid motion he rose again, whipping out his phone and tapping furiously. “There. I texted Lestrade the smugglers’ rough whereabouts. Even he should be able to find them now.” He looked down at John again and the confidence on his face shifted back into vulnerability; not a look he wore often. “You’ll still want me…”
Tight black trench coat and vertiginous heels.
Hands scrabbling against the metal, Saunders choked out, “You. Short. Motherfucker,” before John pushed the bar more firmly down on his throat and silenced him.
The man—Carl? Cole? Something with a C—was getting angrier and, thus, sloppier. He switched from hooks to jab again. Then he pulled his right arm back, taking a split second too long before hitting Sherlock with his killer cross…and Sherlock ducked underneath his arm, put his full weight into his next swing, and hit the man with a stick punch directly to the side of his head.
It was so fortunate the shopping was already on the floor, as he might’ve dropped it all over again.
“A client. Someone I couldn’t refuse.”
Reader onallcounts asked for sweaty, powerful John, too - so here he is! Enjoy xoxo
“Me too,” Cole said. “You owe me another round.”
Sherlock went completely still.
As out of place in the gritty, rank gym as a princess visiting a derelict council flat.
John pulled Sherlock’s head down into another kiss, this time grinding his own erection into Sherlock’s leg. It wasn’t enough. He reached for Sherlock’s trousers and then his own, unbuttoning, unzipping, pulling their cocks free, trying to rub them together with one hand. It didn’t work - Sherlock was too tall. So John dropped to his knees, tugging Sherlock’s trousers to the ground.
“For sex, or the selling of state secrets?”
John had to stop moving abruptly so he didn’t climax just from that look. Sherlock wrapped his long legs more tightly around John. “Don’t stop! I need you…I need you. Move! Now!”
In a hysterical fury, Saunders launched himself at John and grabbed at the crowbar. John almost sighed. It was like taking candy from a baby. Easier, in fact. If he took candy from Rosie he’d have to deal with her Sherlock-level tantrums. This was Boot Camp 101: Hand-to-Hand Combat. Except he was going to use his feet, too.
John, after all, had the crowbar in his hands.
“Oh, Jesus,” John gasped. He buried his face in Sherlock’s neck and brushed his lips against the cool, white length of it. Sherlock shivered, moving his hands from John’s hair, slowly down his back, and finally to cup his arse. John groaned. “Sherlock, oh my God,” he breathed, looking up into those mesmerizing light eyes. “I never even knew I wanted this.”
Sherlock swallowed. John could see his Adam’s apple bob up and down as Sherlock actually gulped. “Savor,” Sherlock repeated. “John. Yes. But I’m afraid…I don’t want to leave and have you come to your senses and remember that you’re
“Yes. Whatever. Irene, please step aside
Not that he’d ever let John know.
Sherlock pulled off with a filthy-sounding slurp and a mischievous grin. “Nor I,” he said, handing John the bottle of lubricant and settling back down on the bed. “Will you do the honors? Or shall I prepare myself?”
With his head down to watch his step (and avoid the wool-clad arse disappearing up the staircase), and the weight of the parcels, and the added distraction of those many thoughts he wasn’t meant to be thinking swirling around in his head, John could perhaps be forgiven for letting momentum carry him swiftly up the last few steps into the flat—and crashing directly into Sherlock’s back.
