That’s bullshit, Sherlock, and you know it.” John arches his eyebrow disbelievingly and taps the side of Sherlock’s leg with his shoe.
"Baby? You okay? Too much?" John pauses, brushes Sherlock's hair back so he can clearly see his expression.
you, for goodness sake." She planted her hands on her hips and shook her head. "What a thing to say to me."
"I am not." He kissed at the gentle curve of John's bicep, threaded their fingers together. "Perhaps a bit tipsy, but not drunk."
"And no more of this Daddy business, alright? This is who we are, all the time. I can't accept this part of myself if you're calling me a different name while we're doing it. It's John who loves you, and takes care of you, and it's also John who spanks you and keeps you in line and who you obey. So. No more Daddy. That's done." John kneads at the back of Sherlock's neck, the words falling so easily from his lips. Now that they're here, in this space together, it's so natural. He's been resisting for so long, and there was never any need. This is who they are together just as much as any other incarnation of themselves.
John leans over and kisses him more gently than he was expecting, all soft pliant lips and humid breath exhaled into his mouth. John’s hands skim lightly over the planes of his chest, run up over his shoulders. He sucks on the tip of Sherlock’s tongue, nips at his lips and his chin. There’s something terribly sad about every kiss, every breath. Sherlock fights back tears, his chest full and far too tight. When his lungs expand, it feels like his ribs are digging in, sharp and wrong.
the image that capturing all this attention at the moment. John half undressed, sweaty and unshowered, pressing Sherlock face first up against some ratty old locker, the beard dragging harsh against his neck.
“I know that. You always have.” Sherlock breathes as he reaches to clutch at the headboard. Honest emotion comes easier for him pressed up against John and half lost in pleasure, when he’s not able to think too much before he speaks. “Oh, god, John, please, now, please.”
"Yes, John, I'm sorry." Sherlock's hair is wet, from sweat and tears both, plastered to the sides of his face.
Sherlock pulls his pants off and straightens up. He’s still soft. John notices, looks down at his cock and then up to his face. There’s nothing forgiving in those stormy eyes.
The cottage is in Seaford, presiding at the top of a sweeping chalk cliff above Seaford Bay. It's whitewashed and has a thatched roof and Sherlock hates it on sight.
He braced himself with his left hand against the headboard, his right hand between his legs, flushed prick standing up blood red and hard against his belly, his bollocks resting heavy and full against his arm. His eyes were closed, long blonde lashes fluttering against his cheeks, lips dark pink and slightly parted. He pressed his fingers in deeper, curling forward and exhaling slowly as his stomach muscles jumped and tensed.
, and I certainly wasn’t at all convinced that there was no fracture. The images were quite blurred. I did encourage the neurologist to do a second scan, but - “ Sherlock’s hands are twirling frenetically round his head as he speaks, and John can sense the beginnings of the kind of manic rant that lasts for hours and leaves John tired and exasperated.
pushing between Sherlock’s trembling thighs - the sight of him there makes Sherlock’s heart catch in his throat. He never believed, never thought he could have this, that he didn’t deserve it. And yet.
Sherlock's hand slid up the curve of his arse, and his weight settled over his thighs. He pushed at the back of John's knees, and John took the hint, scooping his arse up and pressing his face into the mattress. His cock swung down heavy between his legs, hard and leaking. He panted at the effort of not reaching down and giving himself a firm stroke.
Jim laughs derisively, sticks his tongue crudely in his cheek. "You think a few blow jobs are going to fix this, Sherlock? Huh? You've always thought you were smarter than me, because you went to public school and have a fucking house in the country and I was just some little chav with a big dick and some heroin for cheap, yeah?"
and he trembles. John drops one hand to his waist to steady him, to steady them both. This is the love of his life in his arms for the first and last time, and the enormity of that is more than he can comprehend. Sherlock slides a shaking hand over John’s. His fingertips trace delicately over the bones in John’s wrist, waiting.
His heart caught in his throat at the sound of that voice, though it had only been a few weeks since he’d heard it. It reminded him of everything good and gone in his life, everything that had ever meant anything. Sherlock’s watch was heavy and tight on his wrist.
"I don't remember. I was..." Sherlock pauses, half crouched over the stairwell. He peers down into the half daylit station, can see the edge of his sleeping bag. "I dunno, it looks okay. No one's ever messed with me here, John, honestly."
“John. John, I’m home,” I whispered, relishing the sound of his Christian name on my tongue, the intimacy of using it.
I unfastened the gold clasp and pushed back the hinged top. Inside, nestled in a bed of blue velveteen, were two silver bands. They didn’t match. One was thinner and much more delicate, the other chunky and broad. So they would not be taken for what they were.
But Hogwarts was an overwhelming place for an anxious and naturally solitary child like Sherlock. It was made more difficult when he was sorted into Hufflepuff and separated from his Slytherin older brother. Without the consistency of Mycroft’s comforting presence, he'd had to socialise by himself for the first time in his life, and found he was rather horrible at it. He's only managed to make a few close friends in all his years here - Molly, Mike Stamford, James, who doesn't really count anymore, and -
"I would never suggest you were. I rather think he's sometimes afraid of you." Sherlock presses his lips to John's cheek and curls his legs behind him on the cushion. "I love you."
himself. He tries not to, focusing his eyes on John’s chest, his oval nipples, the gunshot scar on his shoulder, because after all, these are all parts of John he’s yearned to see, as well. But he just -
"This is going to feel different. It's not a plug, it's not narrow at the end. This will stretch you, get you ready for me. It'll hurt a bit, but you'll like that, won't you, my sweet slut?" Sherlock nods frantically. John teases the tip inside, and Sherlock tenses. John immediately changes his tone, dropping out of the more commanding octaves into his normal voice. "Sherlock. You still okay?"
“I just. I have Mr. Winston’s discharge papers. He’s ready to go home.” She smiled past Sherlock, at John still sitting in the chair by the window.
“Shut up, Sherlock. Stop trying to convince me I don't want you. It's bollocks. Just be quiet. I love you. It's just how it is, so get used to it. Be happy. We get a few free days sleeping in the hospital. Food and everything.” John laughs quietly, tucks his freezing cold hand under Sherlock’s tee shirt. He wrinkles his nose. “Christ, you smell awful."
John rubs the ends of their noses together and exhales into Sherlock’s open mouth. “I was rather hoping you’d say that.”
, here. I get mixed up, and I can't get mixed up about this. God, John. I need to retain some facet of who I am, for godssake."
looked at him like this. It’s like looking into the sun - it hurts, it burns, and he can’t look away. John’s hand in his hair turns strangely tender, scratching fingernails along his scalp in a way that makes Sherlock think of some warm sunny morning with John stretched out beside him in bed, cool sheets and sticky bellies. He shuts his eyes against the thought - achingly sweet, oddly welcome, and surely unattainable - and goes to his knees.
“Not even close. It's you, you absolute moron. How could you ever think it was anyone else?” John runs a thumb down the side of Sherlock’s face, over one of those cheekbones that kept him up at night, and thinks maybe he could, again, because somehow his body seems to know how long they’ve been waiting for this.
, and they don’t have one. You tell them nothing, and they’ll find out nothing.” Sherlock attempted to tamp down the panic rising in him at the thought of John incriminating himself. The thought of John alone. Here. In a jail cell. Sherlock struggled to control his breathing, maintain the fortitude that John demanded of him right now.
They twine together without another word, John pushing Sherlock back against the counter, but gentle, quiet, not breaking the silent darkness that’s surrounding them. He can’t see John’s hands caressing his hips, mouth at his throat. John’s so
The way he said my name always affected me powerfully. He had a way of wrapping his voice around each sound, caressing my name as surely as he caressed my body. I could
He fastened the second buckle and held out his hands, spun in a slow circle. "So? What's the verdict?"
Sherlock wakes up foggy, vaguely registering that his right arm is asleep. Blinking sleepily, and feeling unaccountably warm and well rested, he rolls over and directly into the solid form of John Watson. Memories of round two flood his synapses - Sherlock opening a bottle of wine, clothes dropping onto the floor as they drifted into the bedroom, John’s drowsy wine-red mouth pressed all over him, John's perfect little body squirming on top of him, his hands pinning Sherlock's wrists above his head, their cocks dragging against each other until they both jerked and went stiff and panted into each other's mouths and made a mess of their bellies. Sherlock recalled rolling out from under John to get a warm soapy flannel, and John taking it from him, cleaning them both with his delicate perfect hands. Sherlock kissed his neck and the end of his nose and John giggled sleepily into Sherlock's pillow until their eyelids got too heavy to look at each other any longer. They fell asleep all tangled limbs under the sheets, spent and sated.
Just then, we heard the unmistakeable sound of Mrs Hudson’s footsteps coming up the stairs, and we broke apart as though a cannon had gone off between us. Though Mrs Hudson was undoubtedly aware of the nature of our relationship, and was generally discreet enough to knock before entering our rooms, it would not do to be caught in a compromising position, even by one who loved us both so dearly.
it, he needs to have this memory for later - John’s bobbing blonde head, his body splayed loose half off the bed, the sound of his little hums and grunts, the way his hips move restlessly against the mattress.
John hummed and pulled Sherlock closer, moulding himself against Sherlock’s back and pressing a flat hand against his bare stomach. “ I still can’t get over how much you like this beard. I guess I’m never allowed to shave it.”
John wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and threw the cigarette butt in his cup of water. It was impossible. It. Was. Impossible. But what if it
“So. Lester. Here’s the deal. We’re gonna eat lunch. Then I’m going to leave, five minutes before you. I’m going to go sit in my car, and wait until you come out. I’ll follow you to your house, and we’re going to check it over for bugs and cameras before we say one goddamned word, yeah?”
It doesn’t occur to Sherlock to protest. John releases him and steps back, hurt and anger roiling in the depths of those wide bewitching eyes. Sherlock reaches out, desperate to make this right, and runs his thumb over John’s mouth. He half expects John to flinch or turn away. Instead, he catches Sherlock’s wrist with his left hand, and presses a hard kiss against his palm.
A cold draught from the rattly window frame blows over him, ruffling his hair. He shivers, tucks his knees into his belly and sighs.
"I love you the same way, though, sweetheart. I always want to put you first. I get giddy when you're happy with me too. That's how it's supposed to be." John strokes his fingers up Sherlock's back, watching his shoulders contract with a shiver. "That's being in love. The way we’re in love, which is like nothing I've ever felt before either."
Just occasionally, though, the thought crosses John’s incredibly possessive mind that he does truly know what's best for Sherlock, and it would simplify both their lives if Sherlock would just stay in subspace all the time. Perfectly obedient. Ceaselessly deferential. It's a frighteningly appealing fantasy. John sets the last plate in the drying rack and shakes that thought from his mind. He has a real Sherlock right here who needs him.
He chuckled, tossing his head back and showing me a glimpse of those perfect white teeth that usually remained hidden behind his moustache. “Don’t sound so distraught, darling. I know how intensely you dislike getting rid of even the most useless relics. Our sad old chairs are happily lodged in “my” room upstairs, where I’m sure our infrequent house guests will enjoy using them as extra storage space. As for us, I thought we deserved something more comfortable for our daily use than flattened straw cushions and cracked leather. This chair, is, in fact, the reason I declined to go with you to your parents’ this week. I was waiting for its delivery and didn’t want to miss it.”
"I know. I know you do. Fuck. I know. I'm so sorry. I miss you, too. I haven't meant to be distant."
A flood of relief washed over Sherlock, and he had to close his eyes to breathe deeply and allow the reality of this moment to make a place in his memory. John waking up next to him. The first morning they’d woken up in the same bed. John’s mussed hair, his stale breath, how many times he blinked before he rubbed his knuckles across his eyes; Sherlock needed it all tucked away inside him, to never forget a single microscopic detail of how this felt.
Sherlock swallows the shame in his throat. Never embarrassed about anything. Until John. “Stay outside?”
John laughs quietly, giddy and half asleep as he kisses Sherlock back. “I love you, too, sweetheart. I love you, too.”
Sherlock held the cab door open, and John slid in, his jeans catching briefly on ripped vinyl upholstry. They assumed their customary positions, both of them looking out their respective windows. It was such a simple moment, it shouldn't have meant anything really. Somehow it meant
“Mmm. I do like red.” John leaned over and brushed his lips against Sherlock’s nape, tipped his chin forward and dragged the beard rough across Sherlock’s skin. Sherlock arched his head back, couldn’t stop his hips from inching forward into the side of John’s thigh. “Well then. That’s certainly a yes. Come on, gorgeous. Fuck the jacket, we’ll go shopping tomorrow. Come to bed.”
"How's your ankle?" Sherlock leaned forward and poked at the fire, breaking a charred log in two, and watched as burning chunks cascaded over the grate and into the bed of ashes underneath. The fire roared merrily, filling the small room with heat and light. They'd turned all the lamps off, found a thick down-filled duvet to spread on the floor. John was on the couch with his swollen ankle raised up on the arm, Sherlock curled on the duvet in front of the hearth.
John nips lightly along the edge of his collarbone, and Sherlock breathes evenly through his mouth, tries not to completely lose control of himself before they’ve even really begun. John pushes at his nightshirt, drags it up over his ribs and thumbs at his nipple, pinches it between two fingers and
“No?” Watson’s cheeky grin was half hidden by the droop of his moustache, but the look in his eyes was plain enough and as he raked them up and down my body, they darkened perceptibly. His tongue darted out over his lips as he set his coffee cup carefully on the rickety side table. “What
“No one,” Sherlock husks out, shoulders heaving as his head tips back into his hands. He tugs at his own hair.
He thinks of John's coiled fury at the pervert that first night, controlled and focused. He needs that kind of focus. He breathes in and out, trying to control his body enough to make it obey his mind.
He swallows. Remembers to keep up the front. Maybe he won’t be allowed to stay with John if he’s not family. He doesn’t know. “Yes, Nan.”
John lifted their hands up and kissed Sherlock's knuckles gently. "Later. I'm fine, love, honestly."
“You heard me. I love you, too, and I’m an idiot.” Sherlock lets his eyes close, tipping his head down until John’s nose is lined up with his. They’re breathing in each other’s air. “I was afraid before, but. I’m not now.”
“No? I’m going to beg to differ on that particular point. He followed me from Minnesota to London. He doesn't want to be friends and have a nice holiday at the fucking seaside.”
-” Sherlock grabs his coffee mug a bit too hard, sloshing hot coffee all over his hand. He ignores his burning skin and narrows his eyes at Mike.
“Alright.” Owen said again. He reached over John and handed the cabbie a few bills. “That should take care of the fare, and there’s a few extra. Make sure he gets into his flat.”
John moves forward, his small frame seeming to fill the doorway. Jim looks down at him, smirking, crosses his arms over his chest. Johns fists are balling up, his nostrils flaring. That’s enough. This is going to end badly, and Sherlock has his fix.
Sherlock looks at him with wide eyes, purplish bags underneath, blinks and wordlessly downs the entire glass of water in one go. God, he’s a mess. John should never have allowed him to be pushed this hard, to push himself this hard, to get so frustrated and stuck. He should have put his foot down two days before.
By the time they reach Hogwarts, the sky has gone inky black, the stars scattered pinpricks of white. The soaring steeples and arches of the castle shimmer in the distance, surrounded by the ring of towering trees that form the border of the Forbidden Forest.
“Yes, a bit.” Sherlock shifted his eyes downward, and John had a pang of regret that he hadn’t brought this up before. They should have discussed this during the week, but John was relishing his turn being submissive, and he hadn’t thought about how Sherlock’s natural tendencies to shut down deep emotion would likely surface on the cusp of such a momentous week in their life.
it. You say it all the time because it makes you feel comforted to say it, to repeat it. You feel that it’s a pact, that it’s meaningful. I enjoy hearing it, but only because it makes you happy to say it. But believe me when I say that I would never in my life need to hear you say you loved me to know that it’s true. I would never need to hear you say it again, period. I don’t, in fact, find those meagre words to be an even somewhat adequate descriptor for what you are to me, what I am to you. That’s why I don’t find it necessary to say
“You wanted this back at Fire, didn’t you? Wanted me to take you right then. Right on the dance floor.” Sherlock leans into him, runs his nose up John’s throat, breathing him in. He can feel every ridge of John through his jeans. The exact shape of him. His neck muscles contract, shoulders shaking.
“Christ, how long was I asleep, Sherlock? Where are we?” John rolled down the window, thrust his arm out into the cool misty air. He held his hand up, fingers spread, and allowed the wind to buffet through them.
He's being dismissed. As much as he wanted to leave thirty seconds ago, this is humiliating. Humiliating and frightening. If Jim's letting him leave this easily now, he'll be creeping in the windows at Baker Street while they sleep.
- but then retracts. He doesn't smile. "I'm sleeping on the sofa tonight. You can have the bed. You always need more sleep anyway. I'll text you if I'll be late. So you won't worry."
After Nando's, stuffed so full of food they were sluggish and sleepy, John had tucked his warm hand back in Sherlock's, and dragged him into an H&M. "We both need fresh clothes, come on."
“What I…? What are you talking about?” John gestured toward the sink on the wall. “Get me some water.”
He looks away, instead fumbles at John's shorts, crudely bunched around the tops of his boots. Their need had been too frantic, their time too short, to take them off all the way. Sure enough, there's a tiny elastic pocket sewn into the waistband. Sherlock slips his fingers inside and pulls out a small tube of lip gloss.
"Go ahead. Take me. Take whatever you need from me, I want you to." Sherlock leaned in, pressed his lips to John's in a silent promise.
There are weapons all over this flat, hidden in strategic places. Guns and knives, long sawed off pipes that clang viciously against bone. The danger is palpable. Sherlock's little plan seems just that all of a sudden; little, short sighted, and fatally naive. He's alone, and no one knows where he is except DS Lestrade, who is probably sleeping soundly in his bed in his perfect tidy suburban house and won't get that message until it's too late.
We only waited a few weeks, truth be told, but after all the years that came before, it felt like an eternity. I wanted, I wanted
“Ah.” John goes silent for a moment and then he stretches again and shifts, rubs at his eye. “So we have some time.”
“I don’t want to watch, but I’m going to stay with you.” John folds onto his knees on the other end of the sleeping bag. “Why? Why this?”
Sherlock doesn’t say anything else, doesn’t reciprocate, and John doesn’t ask him to. John kisses Sherlock’s fingers again, tender and lingering, and lays his hands back on the table.
John’s perched on his knees at the end of the sleeping bag, back in the tube station, watching Sherlock with concerned eyes. His torch laying next to him, shining a pale light over the bottom half of Sherlock’s reclining form. Sherlock didn’t want to get them kicked out of the hostel doing his drugs there, and John wanted to check on the money, so they came back to St Mark’s, the stars coming out one by one as they walked back hand in hand.
. John, who is still tucked tight against Sherlock's back, breathing even and soft, his knee resting against Sherlock's hip. John, who was
"Oh, you're one to talk about common knowledge, you are. Jesus. Okay so if I'm a bear who likes honey, who are you then? Christopher Robin?" John tosses over his shoulder as he bounces off the end of the bed and stretches, pale skin pulling taut over slim hips as he bends backward with his arms over his head.
“I want you on top of me.” Sherlock whispered roughly, not even knowing where the desire for that came from, but suddenly needing John’s weight and warmth heavy on him. He wanted to look into those stormy blue eyes as he thrust up into the tightness of John’s body, wanted to be surrounded by him, wanted John’s hands pressing into his chest. Wanted to be lost in him.
"Yes, alright." Sherlock ran two fingers down the side of John's face, pressed the tip of his index finger into the deep cleft of his chin. John gazed up at him, his eyes beaming affection, with a glint to them that promised the night was far from over. "I miss your beard."
Sherlock's shaking, the profundity of all the things they've said to each other, all that’s still unsaid. It's overwhelming, loving someone this intensely; he's crashing, he's coming apart, he can't process emotion like this, he can't...he forgets to breathe for a second.
Sherlock suckles on the end of John's tongue, curls his other leg around John's hip and puts the arch of his foot against the rise of John's arse. "You're inside me. Oh John,
He looks at himself in the mirror, smoothes his hair. He feels like he's getting ready to go on a blind date. Which it actually sort of is. He's no idea what Sherlock is going to say, what he's going to say. His stomach is churning.
.” He took his hand from where it was pressed against my stomach, and put a finger to my jaw. “Kiss me, darling.”
Sherlock wakes up slowly, blinking at the patch of greyish daylight on his pillow. The tip-tap of a steady rain lulls his eyes closed again. He’s so -
“I am, though. Aren’t I? Still?” He doesn’t move, his thigh slung across Sherlock’s lower belly, his arm wrapped around his chest.
He crawls out of the bed as quietly as possible, careful not to wake John, and goes out to the nurses’ station. They’re all clacking away on their keyboards, different nurses than the ones yesterday. No one looks up. Sherlock clears his throat.
Albus tugs on John’s robes, pulling towards the opposite end of the Great Hall. “Come on, John, you said we were going to practice with the Snitch tonight, remember?”
Except that’s all wrong. What John had wanted was the thrill Sherlock gave him, just by being Sherlock. The criminals had always been incidental, the cases superfluous.
Sherlock couldn’t stop now even if he wanted to. He pushes in, in, unable to get as close as he wants to be, John's back skidding up the cold tile wall as Sherlock shoves into him. He can feel his foreskin slipping over the head of his cock as he rocks inside John's tight slicked passage. Radient waves of pleasure pulse out through his belly as John clings to him, fingers clawing at his back. He’s right there, his whole body trembling and quaking, the tension in his belly and his balls building and building, cresting inside his chest like a wave about to break. He slips in and out of John's slick hole with a filthy wet noise that's mindbendingly arousing. The sound of his cock thrusting into John's body melds with the slap of their flesh, John's whimpering sighs - it reminds Sherlock of music. A dirty hard edged symphony. The sounds tearing out of his own throat are needy and frenetic as he pounds into John punishingly hard. John wraps one strong hand around to cradle the back of his head and pulls it down, putting Sherlock’s sweating forehead in the hollow of his collarbone.
Most miraculously, he's alive. Breathing, smoking, texting, just being Sherlock. It's been over two weeks. Two weeks of Sherlock curled beside him at night in that miserable hospital bed, and then in their bed at home last night. Two weeks of his soft mouth covering John's, of his deep rumble being the first thing John hears in the morning. Today feels like the first day it's real. Sharing him with Mrs Hudson, telling Ella at least part of it all -- it feels like something he can claim. Sherlock. His life.
“I don’t have one. I just kinda...left. I didn’t have time...” John looks down at his feet, shoves his hands in his pockets and looks away. “Can we not --”
“I’ll hide all your razors.” Sherlock raised John’s wrist to his mouth and nipped at the delicate veins.
But John had woken up bleary eyed and sore-brained the morning after exams, rolled over and immediately grabbed his phone.
John seethes quietly, Sherlock watching the twitch of his eyelid, how a vein appears in his temple. His cheeks are ruddy, blotchy like he’s been running. He’s angry and trying not to be. He’s the most beautiful person Sherlock’s ever seen. There’s no being right anymore without John here, touching him, next to him. He’s lost to this. The world will never be right again without John & Sherlock, together.
He should probably warn Mrs Hudson that he gave her address as where he could be reached in London, but he’s got no phone and no public places have telephones anymore. He’s still pondering how to contact her when the lift stops and the doors part onto the trauma unit. Several bored looking nurses sit behind a high counter, clacking away on keyboards, their faces locked on computer monitors. Sherlock begins to wander down the hall, looking for the room John’s in.
Sherlock smiled indulgently as John encircled his wrist with his fingers, gave a squeeze, and then turned the radio up. “Smashing Pumpkins, really, Sherlock? You like this?”
A world and five time zones away, John was in Lester Nygaard’s kitchen, having coffee. John had found a grudging pity for him in the last week. He couldn’t not pity him, regardless of the awful things he’d done. He’d been a good person once. He’d tried to do the right things, work the steady job, marry the girl, buy the house. Do the things you’re supposed to do in life. Except life was sad and awful, with a wife who hated him and a job he was bad at, and in the end, it all came crashing down around him. A good man destroyed by the misery of it all.
Sherlock empties the bottle into their glasses and leans back across the sofa, sipping thoughtfully. His long legs stretch across John’s lap as he rubs his socked feet against each other. “No. It’s not a typical relationship, and it’s not even a typical sub/dom arrangement either. I spent a lot of time reading contracts and first hand accounts when we began, and what we do is very different. Our terminology is unique to us, and we’re...more...equal, still, than most sub/dom relationships in the accounts I read.”
John rocks his hips, pushes in and hard until the head of his cock moves past resistant muscle and into the tight wet heat of Sherlock's body. His head floods with endorphins as Sherlock wraps his legs around his back and pulls him closer. "Oh fuck - god - you feel so - "
The end of his exclamation dissolves into a high pitched grunt as Sherlock spreads him apart. He strokes gently over where his fingers have been for the last ten minutes - John's hole stretched pink and perfect, the muscle fluttering around the absence of Sherlock inside him. Sherlock runs two fingertips around the rim, watching with a rising urgency as John's hole tightens and clenches at his touch.
. His face when he laughs. It’s a light in dark places inside Sherlock, it’s a warm mug in cold hands on a snowy day, it’s the sunrise over the river when the city is still and silent and perfect; it’s
, and he laughs at himself, because maybe what he actually said means the same thing right at the moment, and thrusts
"Alright." Sherlock whispers shakily. His cheeks are flushed as John pulls away. Flushed with blood. John's so close to his face, he can see his capillaries. All that
Pink Hair holds his hands up in deference and turns quickly away, tossing over his shoulder, "Sorry, love. No harm meant."
John recoils as if Sherlock slapped him. “Well, fuck you too. Is this how you treat everyone who’s offered you their money and their love and their body? Fuck you, Sherlock. Seriously.”
Sherlock slinks past him and lowers himself to the bed on his back. John turns, puts a knee into the mattress, and climbs over Sherlock, straddling his hips. He looks angry and desperate, his hands are trembling as he runs them all over Sherlock’s chest and stomach. The sight of him is enough to make Sherlock’s throat hurt.
Sherlock's eyes fell closed again. He heard the thunk of the bedside drawer being opened, the quiet snick of the lube bottle being opened. Then John's scorching lips were against his shoulder, his fingers prodding at his side. "How about you roll over, gorgeous?"
Sherlock glances at the paramedic across from him, who’s holding her gloved hands hard against John’s side. Keeping pressure on the wound. Keeping John’s blood inside his body. The thought makes his head swim. She nods at him. “Go on then. Your nan’s right. He needs the reassurance.”
But now, Sherlock’s hand at his hip, his head laying warm in the cradle of Sherlock’s shoulder, he finally feels certain.
Sherlock kisses messily and enthusiastically, and it’s pretty obvious he hasn’t done this in a long time, and John loves it, he loves how genuine this all is and how not perfect. This is them. This is how they are. They’re a mess, a ridiculous disaster. Sherlock’s sucking across his collarbone and he can feel it right down to his toes, which are still trapped inside his shoes. God, how are they still dressed?
." A slow smile crept across John's kiss reddened lips, tongue darting out to sweep across them. "Well, what do you want me to do? I think about anything's on the table, love."
"Are you alright?" The lovely flush fades, in favour of that vaguely pitying concern that John loathes coming back into his eyes.
Sherlock’s hand is still on his face. He tugs a little, and John acquiesces, sinking forward fractionally. John’s spent
"You're thinking. And you're staring at me. It's annoying, Sherlock." He ruffled his paper, pinched his lips to the side in that endearingly John way.
Sherlock's eyes wandered from the road to look at John fully. He looked different already, a part of him emerging that Sherlock hadn't been privy to before now. There was a wildness about him, his nostrils flared to take in the night smells of the forest around them, his eyes wide and pale in the moonlight. Sherlock couldn't look away.
“Yes, I’m fabulous. This is just what we needed. Been desperately dull these last weeks, just puttering round like two little old men.” Sherlock’s pace quickens.
"Get your laptop." He murmured into John's neck, tracing circles with his tongue in the scraggly hairs there.
fit, every incarnation of who they are will always match the other. He knows this. They’re made to fit, created just to be the other’s one. Doesn’t excuse treating each other like shit, though. John’s rather had enough of himself suddenly.
“In my defence,” Sherlock clears his throat, clearly preparing for a Very Important Statement, and John can feel an actual smile creeping onto his face before he can stop it. “In my defence, I could hardly have anticipated that you would
The other diners were almost exclusively elderly couples. Their weekly outing on a pensioner’s budget, a cheap dirty chain diner. It was pathetic. John let his eyes sweep over every table, looking for the person that stood out. Instead, his eyes fell on two older men sipping coffee, with a checkers board on the table between them. Grey hair, balding, glasses tipped at the ends of their noses. One jumped his checker across the board and called out, “King me.” The other man smiled affectionately and did so. Their hands brushed. John’s stomach lurched.
stupid.” Sherlock sniffs haughtily, though the effect is somewhat counteracted by his hand resting warmly in the small of John’s back. “Though, as usual, it was unnecessary. I’ve already disarmed the bomb, Lestrade.”
John pulls Sherlock away from a sea of stunned eyes and open mouths. Sherlock’s already pliant, yielding, and just allows himself to be led from the room by the strength of John’s will.
God, why wasn’t John more angry with him? He had expected to be punched at least once, maybe knocked to the ground. Of course, John couldn’t physically do either of those things at the moment, but he expected fury. What he was getting was declarations of anger, couched in raw affection and warm kisses. He knew the storm had to come at some point. John Watson was simmering anger, a pot always ready to boil over, a fire that inexplicably relights when waters thrown on it. He was always right there, on the edge of rage.
There’s no response to that that doesn’t sound completely inadequate. Sherlock’s throat is so tight with emotion, he doesn’t think he could talk anyway. So he just pulls John
He looks flustered and annoyed, hair wild and flat on one side, as if he'd been sleeping on it. He must have left without a shower, which he does often when a case is particularly urgent. John watches bemusedly as he tries to open the door to 221 without keys, fumbles in the pockets of the Belstaff for a moment, then growls in frustration and bangs his fist on the door.
. Get off.” He gives his arm a shake, still smiling, and waves, walking backwards into the entrance hall, his small frame dwarfed by the giant oak doors.
Sherlock turns and puts his fists in the small of his back. John straddles his calves, cuffs dangling from his right hand, and is caught by the enormity of them, of this, of how implicitly and unquestioningly they trust each other. Other people don't have this, not this level of love and trust. He runs his fingertip over the bee tattoo at the crest of Sherlock's hip, a twin to the one Sherlock insisted go on John's arse, and leans over and presses his lips to it. "Mine." He whispers. Sherlock sighs and hums, wriggles his hips and his shoulders as John continues to place small kisses all over his back.
“The first time you, you know, saw me...without clothes. I envisioned more...sex. Less washing.” John opened one eye and looked at Sherlock. The ghost of a grin passed over his face.
“Goodnight, John.” A strange lonely ache spread through his chest as John hummed and turned on his side, dislodging the blanket. His tee shirt was rucked up to his chest, and his bare belly was covered in goosebumps. Sherlock straightened the blanket and pulled it back over his front, tugged his shirt down a bit. “Missed you tonight. The corpse did, too. You would have been fascinated. Completely drained of blood, skin like tissue paper - it just fell apart under my - ”
“I’m not. I’m not in the right place.” A childishly absurd thing to say, but Sherlock can do no better in that moment. He’s never felt so wrong-footed in his life.
Sherlock standing here. Alive. This was a new reality. There would be rows and screaming and fighting. He hated him. Never had he imagined he could feel this kind of anger and loathing for someone he loved down to his bone marrow. Maybe those were the
A vision flashes bright in John's mind's eye; his hand around Sherlock's throat, pushing him up against the door, Sherlock clawing at his wrist, begging for air. John's fingers depressing Sherlock's windpipe. He's done that before. In combat. He knows how much pressure to exert, when to back off. His eye twitches.
Sherlock sets his chin in his hands and tilts his head, watching the yeast devour the sugar. He can’t believe that he’s missed out on this all this time, watching the process of separate ingredients meld, blend, alter their chemical composition, become new. “John, this is
"I never said I was." John's head is pounding steadily now. Its like he has too much blood in his veins. Everything feels tight to bursting. "But you
The group of first years is slowly making their way through the barrier to Platform 9 and ¾, their parents assuring them they won’t bash head first into a brick wall, and all of them looking dubious.
Finally John settles back into the damp sheets, Sherlock’s head heavy against his chest, and tucks the blankets up around them both.
“I have to tell you something.” For the first time in years, he’s honestly not sure how Sherlock’s going to react. This is unprecedented territory.
“Well, well. Shall we?” Sherlock went to pop the collar of his Belstaff, and realised with dismay he was wearing a huge floppy green duffel with a hood.
They kiss languidly for a few minutes, and then Sherlock rolls to his side and collapses with a grunt. They don’t bother to clean up. Don’t bother to take off their ruined shirts. John feels like he could pass out - not fall asleep, but actually just lose consciousness. He seems to be dissolving, melting into the mattress, seeping into the cracks in the floorboards. His bones have turned into jelly.
At this rate, it's unlikely. The body's in a terrible state and the scene is compromised. It's going to be a late night.
“I do love the sight of you in my lap, but,” John tipped his head back, those hypnotic blue eyes flicking up to mine and holding me in them. He traced the outline of my lips worshipfully with the side of his thumb and licked his own. “May I have your mouth?
“Alright then.” John reached out to drop change into the hand of the surly toll collector, an elderly man made of nothing but wrinkles, saggy skin draped over his bone structure like loose fabric. John nodded tightly at him. “Ta.”
not to John. Yet it slipped out easily, to this stranger, this indiscriminate nurse. It felt calming to say, cutting through all of the complications and getting to say the only thing that really mattered. He was overwhelmed with the need to say it again. “I love him very much.”
.” John licks at the head and then trails the fingertips of his left hand down the crease of Sherlock’s arse. He dips in experimentally, even though he can’t really do what he wants to right now, because he doesn’t want to stop sucking Sherlock’s cock long enough to go get the lube, but he just wants to see, see what Sherlock will do.
“Shhhh.” Sherlock whispered back, putting on his most disarming smile and clasping his wrists behind his back.
Sherlock opens his eyes, which is bizarre because he didn’t even remember closing them, and John’s still kissing him. All he can see is the fuzzy golden edge of John’s hair and the water stain on the ceiling above them. John is
"I believe you." And he does. There's his armour down, he's unprotected against whatever may come, but he believes in John Watson.
“S’nice. Here y’re, sweetheart.” She slapped a menu down on the table and smiled at him as he slid past her into the booth. “Coffee?”
The rest of the flat is as shabby and perfect as the sitting room. The kitchen is tiled in some bizarre green pattern that makes it feel incongruously tropical, as though there's moss or algae all over the walls. The loo is a bit mouldy, the kind of bathroom that is perpetually wet. The tub is tiny, the shower stall smaller. They strip off their clothes and John pulls Sherlock into the hot shower, kissing him deeply and leaving marks all over his neck. They soap each other up, running slippery hands all over each other's chests and legs. John pushes Sherlock up against the shower wall and gives him a darkly promising look, but when he tries to sink down on his knees, Sherlock drags him up and hisses
anymore. Not once, ever again. I know I have…I know it’s not my place or whatever, but. I'll buy you drugs, I'll steal, I'll do anything. I'll fucking panhandle, I'll pickpocket, I don't care -- I'll do whatever it takes. But. Please."
John was so warm. So inviting. It was nearly impossible for Sherlock not to touch him on these soft grey mornings, weak sunlight slanting across the end of the bedclothes, the world outside this room so cold and exhausting. John, right here, all overheated skin and cold nose, rumpled tee shirt rucked up to show a patch of pale belly and a line of wispy brown curls trailing into his pyjama bottoms. He smelled like ripe peaches and black coffee.
“Well. Certain activities bear repeating.” John throws Sherlock his most salacious smile and licks his lips.
John bent forward and kissed Sherlock's mouth with aching tenderness, and then pressed his lips to Sherlock's brow. "Well, that was a lovely way to start the weekend."
Both he and Molly turn to see a huge tawny owl clicking his beak against the glass, clearly irritated that neither of them has jumped up to open the window yet. Sherlock recognises it instantly as a Ministry owl.
John recoils a little, hurt in the depths of those fathomless eyes. “I didn’t...expect...I just thought...Nevermind.”
John nods, swallows past a hard lump in his throat. "Thank you. But. I needed it. You were right. About everything."
“So beautiful, sweetheart. So beautiful.” Finally John brings his hands together and runs them up the length of Sherlock’s cock, eliciting from him a satisfyingly deep groan. He spreads his fingers out across Sherlock’s lower belly and leans over to press a kiss in the centre of his sternum before moving to kneel at his side. “Let’s get all these off, hmm?”
." Sherlock hisses the words at him, saliva flecks flying from between clenched teeth. There are spots of colour on his cheeks, his eyes burning black and diamond hard.
“Holmes. I missed you.” His voice was husky from disuse, and he cleared his throat as he pushed himself upright.
Suddenly there’s a face swarming in front of him, a hand shaking his knee. The old woman. She’s still here.
“The...case?” At home, he and John are working a particularly gruesome murder of two rival gang members who were found in the basement of a derelict chip shop.
“Not if you, or anyone else, is in immediate danger. The brain work, yes, absolutely, I will shut my fat mouth and never ever again interfere. Even if you’re falling over with exhaustion, I will be a good boy and just silently bring you coffee. I will do everything you tell me to and nothing that you don’t. But I’m the muscle in this, right? And I love you, and you’re my husband. So. If someone’s got a knife at your throat, don’t think for
“Lied.” John’s voice sly and pleased, and he sounded so happy, so heart breakingly happy, Sherlock couldn’t protest as his face was dragged forward into a deep, hungry kiss.
“Yeah, come for me now, love, it’s going to feel so good. Let me feel it, come on,” John pants, right on the very edge of orgasm, his entire body tight and quivering like an overplayed violin string about to snap.
He pulled up to the kerb where he’d picked up Mr Strident that morning. There he was, surrounded by a gaggle of his compatriots. All tight filthy jeans and spiked hair, fat gold chains around their necks. When John’s car pulled up, they all turned as a unit. Someone elbowed Mr Strident, and grinned.
They get home and collapse into bed after almost twenty four hours without sleeping. John’s eyes are burning and his arse is burning and he doesn’t have the energy to take his clothes off even though they're filthy and his pants are soaked with semen and will be uncomfortably plastered to his skin when he wakes up. Sherlock doesn't shower, but he does slip into his pyjamas, and then burrow up behind him, as John knew he would, making himself small against John’s back. “John?”
John pauses, cheeks flushed. He blinks and looks at the edge of the table, sniffs hard and squints. “I sat on it for a while. But I didn’t throw it out. Kept, just, looking at it. Finally, I called. Malvo answered - though I never knew his name until much later. Until Minnesota. He told me, you know, I could make a lot of money, get the hell out of London. I didn’t care about the money, of course. I just couldn’t be here anymore, and I didn’t want to be anywhere, really. I just wanted to disappear. Even from myself.”
He hikes the thin cotton higher, bunching it inelegantly around Sherlock’s chest, and replaces his thumb with his mouth. Sherlock feels it all through him, his blood absolutely
Sherlock crooks that half smile at John, all sparkling eyes and cockiness. “Alright, Captain. I give you carte blanche permission to shoot people who are threatening your husband.”
Bemidji was the kind of town that appeared in prime time shows from the 1980’s, so quaint that it had to be rotten at its heart. Perfect high street - main street, John thought Americans called it - little homegrown shops, people in puffy parkas and knit hats standing by their cars and chatting, shopping bags dangling from their hands, children slip-sliding on ice patches and laughing.
The Victorian spires of St Pancras Station loom forebodingly against the grey of an early autumn thunderstorm, as Sherlock steps out of the cab and shoulders his heavy rucksack. The weight throws him off balance and he loses his footing slightly, trapped in the gutter between the kerb and the side of the car. He grabs at the door, cursing. Sharp claws dig into his neck as he stumbles.
him. Pheromones. DNA. He can smell his blood pulsing under his glowing skin. “Fuck, god, I want to split you apart.”
John shrugs, laughs ruefully. "Are you politely asking whether I knew I'd be committing crimes? Yeah, I knew. I didn't give a single
John’s mouth slack, moustache rough, rubbing against Sherlock’s upper lip. His fingers push a little farther. Sherlock breathes and breathes, aware of the expansion of his lungs in a way he usually isn’t. Aware of everything that’s happening inside his body because a part of John is
"A hand would be lovely, husband, thank you." John kisses his cheek with hot lips and smacks him affectionately on the behind. "You'll want me undamaged tonight so we can break in our new bed."
Electricity zings down his spine at this faintest contact, and his gaze snaps up to meet Sherlock’s. Asking permission. Because months of texting doesn’t equal a relationship. Because they’ve never said they’re together. Because Sherlock is gorgeous and brilliant and posh and John’s a short kid from Hounslow whose parents couldn’t afford Oxford. Because John’s never felt so
John meets his contact, gets paid, and is ready to get started on this new life and try to leave Sherlock behind.
Sherlock smiles up at her, looking into those indigo eyes that are so much like John’s, and it dawns on him that if they never have anything else in common, they both love John ferociously. And that’s enough.
Sherlock’s been in love with him since the second that lab door swung open, and all they ever seem to do is hurt each other. Without meaning to,
He reaches down and hauls John up by the shoulders, wraps one hand around the back of his neck and pours ten years of pent up desire into a
Sherlock jumps to his feet in one fluid motion, and strides across the room. He stretches up on his tiptoes to reach the high window, and unfastens the brass latch. The owl elegantly slips through and flutters to the nearest table, a scarred round oak one they usually use for homework. He’s got a small parchment roll tied to his left ankle, and he lifts his foot to call Sherlock’s attention to it.
Nothing was sexier than a self satisfied John Watson. Sherlock wanted to pin him to nearest flat surface and lick that expression right off his face. He cleared his throat, crossed his arms over his chest, and looked away.
Sherlock's entire back is a mass of scarring, white and red and purple. Thick shiny lines crisscrossed with thin ragged ones, a few pink circles that look horribly like cigarette burns. There are particularly wide ones that definitely look like they were made by some kind of strap. A belt. John's seen enough abused kids in his medical practice to recognise where someone's been whipped with a belt.
John threads his fingers into Sherlock's hair, pulls him down into a fierce kiss, brimming with love and desperation and all the frightening brilliant wonderful horrible emotions that have surged through them in the past few days. Sherlock feels it, John's fevered emotion, in every quiver of his lips, in the way his tongue frets and darts along Sherlock's mouth. It reminds him of that first kiss, outside the council housing. That moment seems an eternity away. John breaks the kiss, touching the edge of Sherlock's lower lip with the tip of his tongue as he pulls back. He doesn't let go of Sherlock's hair, rocking their foreheads together with a soft moan. His voice husky and intense, "I love you
They'd hit the nearest Nando's with a vengeance after leaving the tube station. Split a whole chicken between them, and sides and rolls, smeared thickly with butter, giant fountain Cokes they’d refilled twice; a meal made for four people and they'd demolished it in thirty minutes. John had reached out with his napkin, wiped a smidge of potato off of Sherlock’s chin, his eyes luminous, the gesture so delicate Sherlock barely felt it. Then he dropped his napkin, tore into a buttered roll and grinned at Sherlock with half the roll stuffed in his cheek. John is a complete conundrum. Sherlock's never in his life met someone who spins him around like this, who he can't read, can't predict what they'll do next.
“Don’t move, you got it?” Ginger whirled on them, finger raised. “Oi, Lightburn. I’m needed in the back - take these two
I sucked him harder in response, swirling my tongue in rapid circles around his retracted foreskin and then pulling back enough to lick at his slit. Before long, he was absolutely writhing, his perspiring body making soft slapping sounds against the leather as he moved. As for myself, I was nearly delirious, my own arousal becoming a shivering sweet ache echoing through me as I focused the whole of my being on John’s pleasure, on the musk of him filling my nostrils, the way his cock took up the entirety of my mouth. I wanted nothing more than to suck him to completion, to taste his seed as it spilled from him, to feel it sticky on my lips. I was greedy for him, for his taste and his scent, for the sound of him whimpering and begging. I took him back down to the hilt, flattening my tongue and lapping at him without restraint. His cock fattened beautifully as his hips lifted off the cushion, his legs shaking.
Sherlock twists and reaches behind him without moving himself off John's thighs. The bottle is more than half empty, and Sherlock raises an eyebrow at him and John feels just a tiny bit abashed and grins cheekily, shoves at Sherlock's waist and says, "I was only ever thinking about you when I did it."
“Would I have to attend them?” The huff of indignation he was going for didn’t quite happen. It sounded more like a longing sigh. Damn.
"Sherlock, fuck, oh god, baby." John's hips rolled back and forth beautifully, pale skin stretched tight over smooth bone, as he worked himself open.
“He gets nervous around crowds.” Sherlock lifts the rat and plops him into Rose’s hand. He runs up her arm and settles on her shoulder, nibbling the ends of her curls affectionately.
She smiles, though her eyes narrow suspiciously, and swats at him with her ever present dish towel, shaking her head. “Where’s the other half?”
“Fucked in an alley after a case with your hand over my mouth again? No. I don’t think I would mind a jot.” John leans down and puts his lips close to Sherlock’s ear, “But if you try that on me at home I’ll remind you very quickly and painfully who’s the dom in this flat.”
John shook his head affectionately and laughed, feeling more sated and peaceful than he could remember having felt possibly ever. “That was the best idea you’ve ever had, I think.”
Sherlock flails his limp ragdoll arm in the vague direction in which he tossed the tin of petroleum and whines at the emptiness inside him now that John’s fingers are gone. He teases his own fingers down the length of his body while John’s cursing and leaning half off the bed to look for the tin, and wraps his hand around his cock, cups his bollocks up against his body, makes himself shudder. It feels different now than ever before, different because he knows what John’s hand feels like on him - John’s
He swallowed down the bile in his throat, though the dark blood against the grey sidewalk and the blank aquamarine eyes were inescapable. The image was lodged forever just behind his peripheral vision, barely out of sight. “Oh, yeah? And what did your research tell you about me?”
“Just making sure.” John casts a dubious gaze across Sherlock’s face, and then lays his head snug in the crook where Sherlock’s shoulder meets his neck. “Ten more minutes. I just wanna lay here for ten more minutes.”
That one reverberated the most painfully. John shouting at him, calling him a machine. When he was cracking apart inside with how much he hurt, what he was losing.
He doesn’t say any of that. He just smiles, and John smiles back with soft eyes that make Sherlock feel quiet inside. Quieter than he’s ever felt.
She clicks her bag shut, and with a squeeze of Sherlock’s wrist,sweeps out the door, leaving behind her the faint lingering scent of gardenia perfume. He opens his hand and looks at the receipt. There’s a phone number and an address - 221 Baker Street - and below,
"Sherlock Holmes." John pulls his lips away from Sherlock's neck long enough to take his face firmly between his hands and look in his eyes. "Look at me. You are the most spectacularly beautiful creature I have ever seen. You make my fucking heart skip a beat every time I look at you. You are exquisite. Your mouth, your eyes, your goddamned amazing neck that I am going to cover with bite marks so everyone knows you're finally mine.
"Our whole lives, John. Our whole lives have been here." Sherlock's mouth twitches involuntarily, his eyes burning.
John has never appreciated how close the bedroom is to the kitchen as much as he does right now, his head foggy with desire and drink, not even wanting to let go of Sherlock long enough to turn around and walk properly. They hit the edge of the bed blindly, the kiss breaking, as they fall across it in a tangle. Sherlock ends up on his back, John half on top of him with one leg slotted between Sherlock’s thighs.
, this is the moment Sherlock realises he has to take care of Jim alone. That John can't know until after. Because keeping John safe is all that matters, and John will never let him go alone if he knows.
Sherlock furrows his brow, certain he’d told John his name, but no, thinking back, John hadn’t asked and he hadn’t offered.    “It’s Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes.” He says, feeling more than a little ridiculous introducing himself to John, after just having had his tongue and fingers and cock all over him and inside of him.
“It’s alright.” Sherlock squints suspiciously at him, his mouth tightening slightly. He reaches out, slips his hand down over John’s wrist, lacing their fingers together. Rough skin, callouses, knobbly vaguely arthritic knuckles; Sherlock’s skin against his still makes John shiver. Every time. “You always make my coffee exactly how I like it.”
“I’m going to cut you now, love. Last chance to say no.” John put a small bit of pressure on the blade, Sherlock’s skin depressing under it.
John planted an affectionate kiss to Sherlock’s clavicle and rolled off him, yawning and grinning, rubbing his hands over his sticky belly and looking very much more like a satisfied cat than a conquering highland warrior.
” Hard to breathe. Hard to see. It’s so hot. There’s sweat in his eyes, burning. He's kicking blindly, not making contact with anything. Please, please stop. Goddammit. He’s usually so pliant, this one, happy for whatever he gets. Not tonight.
“Didn’t give it.” John’s face is setting into that furious square jaw that he had with the pedo. But Jim isn’t some skeevy old man. Jim is dangerous. Sherlock pulls on John’s arm, the contact between their skin making his stomach swoop uncomfortably.
"Because you are talking about bees. Because you could talk about absolutely anything and I would find it fascinating as hell. Because I can't believe the man who didn't know the earth went around the sun or that we don't currently have a king in this country knows nearly everything about the history of beekeeping and is actually concerned about the declining bee population enough to want to stick bee hives on our roof. Because you always surprise me, Sherlock."
“John,” Sherlock can hear the pity in his own voice, and it’s surely the exact wrong way to sound right now. He cringes internally and tugs gently at John’s hair. “Do you want to come up here? We could just, I don’t know - “
John actually grinned, the tension leaving his face for a moment, and Sherlock thought he might disintegrate from the warmth that ignited in him at the sight of those blue eyes flashing with mirth. John reached out as Sherlock’s weight left the bed, and grabbed his hand. “Wait.”
Sherlock put his hand over it, planning to turn the ringer off and sit down with John, but John waved him off. “Take your call, love.”
“Oh, Sherlock.” John murmurs, wishing he could embrace him more easily. “Here, let me - hand me a towel.”
"No. No, that's not what I'm saying. I'm just trying to understand the submissive part. Because I really need to. I need to understand how this works for you, so I do what I'm supposed to do and take care of you." John's not sure how or when the mood shifted, but he's feeling more sure footed. This, he's good at. Calming Sherlock, keeping him centered. Oh. In a rush of insight so sudden and complete that his brain almost aches, John understands.
John laughs, big and broad, his entire body shaking with it. He folds his arms and sinks his forehead to them, and laughs and laughs, the sound of it enveloping Sherlock with warmth and contentment. Their desperate need forgotten for just a moment, Sherlock lays his head against the curve of John’s spine and laughs with him. He’s never had this during sex, this lighthearted companionship - and it's addictive. He knows he’ll never want fuck again unless he can feel John’s laughter vibrating against his cheek.
All the thanks in the world to my darling CaitlinFairchild for her brilliant beta work, as always. She makes me better than I ever think I can be.
“I certainly hope so. Where're we going?” He trails a finger down the inside of Sherlock’s arm, leaving a line of fire in its wake.
John stands there, holding his hand, immoveable. The doctors ask Sherlock questions he can’t answer, and John answers for him. He lets his eyes drift closed again. He’s not really tired, but looking at things seems quite effortful. John’s fingers thread between his own and squeeze. Sherlock tries to squeeze back and John whispers, “It’s okay, just rest.”
Sherlock’s just stretched his legs out and laid back  to stare up at the cracked ceiling when there’s the sound of a door opening and a flurry of footsteps running up the steps. A cold dread immediately drops into Sherlock’s stomach. John comes out of the kitchen, where he’s been washing the plates, and gives Sherlock a furrowed brow, eyes questioning.
It’s incalculable how much John loves him, and now that it’s out there, exposed and real, it seems to be increasing by the second. Every kiss John’s ever wanted to drop onto those messy curls, every dreamt of soft slide of lips and unspoken promise is unraveling through him, spilling out through his neurons and his mouth and his fingers, making it hard to think rationally about anything but Sherlock.
“Oh, fuck, don’t talk.” As soon as the sex bit was over, he wanted them out. He couldn’t have them curled against him, couldn’t be affectionate. That was for Sherlock. Only for Sherlock. That kind of tenderness was buried so deep, he didn’t even know how to access it anymore, and didn’t want to.
And now they're having sex. They're in a romantic relationship. Sherlock's experiences in this area are so scant as to be nonexistent. Surely he should be more nervous. It would be wise, considering what they've both been through the last two years and John's mental state, to be wary and cautious. But it's John, and Sherlock can't be wary. He’s incapable of treading slowly, of holding back the desperate love - bordering on adoration - that’s been simmering under the surface for so long. When he said he wanted to stay wrapped in John's arms forever and eat takeaways in bed, he meant it with every fibre of his soul. That should probably scare him.
Sherlock's other hand releases his wrists, and John realises Sherlock's going to put it back over his mouth. The pressure is confusingly welcome, even as a flutter of panic stirs in his chest at being restricted to breathing through his nose. Sherlock's voice comes surprisingly gentle. "Okay? Just nod if it's okay."
“Lester. How long have you been here? What happened to us?” John shook a cigarette out of the pack and lit it. The inhalation hurt, needles stabbing into his skin and muscle, his lungs rejecting the contraction. He let the smoke out slowly, watching it lazily curl toward the cardboard tile ceiling.
Lestrade gestures to the sofa and then pulls out the rickety chair from the breakfast table and sits. “I know this is a lot to take in. I didn’t realise before last night that you and Molly knew one another. Molly works with us, Sherlock. She’s been our eyes and ears in certain circles for a few months now. She’s going to be a rather integral part of this plan of yours. Sit down, folks. We’ve got a lot to discuss.”
saying - " John stretches up until their noses are touching. They’re both breathing like they’ve been running, through their mouths, Sherlock’s breath ghosting humid over John’s lips. He smells like sugared coffee and toast.
He’s wearing a loose red tee shirt and dark jeans, turned up at the cuffs, and white high top trainers, one of which is tucked into the foothold on his broom. His other leg he seems to be using to steer, using it like a rudder while his hands are occupied gesturing to his teammates. His golden hair is mussed and sweaty, clinging in little tendrils to the sides of his face and the back of his neck. Every time a breeze kicks up, it blows his shirt against his body, outlining every swell of muscle, the dip of the small of his back.
He can't find it, the key. The piece that always unlocks the puzzle. He's missing it. He's missing something crucial. Lestrade's patience begins to wear thin. John shouts at Greg to remember that Sherlock does this for free, that he's doing his best, leave him alone. Sherlock shouts at everyone to shut up, get out, let him think for god’s sake. John herds everyone out, shuts the door to Lestrade’s office with a snap, and stands outside with his arms crossed, not letting anyone in.
“You called the police.” John croaks out, turning to look at Sherlock, who looks entirely unruffled, brazenly tilting his chin up to display the purpling bruise John just left under his jaw.
“I thought -” Sherlock took a heaving breath and straightened up, trying to work out the cramp in his side. “I thought we were going to Aunt Aileen’s old cottage today.”
Sherlock's shoulders twitch and curl against John's mouth. His voice is rough when he says, "You can't kiss them away, John."
He realises, with sudden and blinding clarity that Jim has to be taken care of. He thinks of his father’s gun cabinet, polished walnut and brass knobs, oiled guns that are never used. Antiques that his father polishes with a flannel cloth when he’s feeling tense and needs to busy his hands. Never loaded. Ammunition kept far out of reach of two incessantly curious children.
John squeezes his hand, and Sherlock can almost pretend they’re just on a first date, about to go to the cinema, share pizza afterwards and get off on the sitting room sofa before the parents walk in. That they're normal teenagers, instead of a junkie and a messed up abused kid from the suburbs who don't even know yet if they'll have food today.
“Alright.” He reaches in his pocket, pulling out crumpled notes and a few random coins, counts it out and shoves it in Jim’s outstretched hand.
He stretched, the healing bite mark on his shoulder pulling, new skin taut and inflexible. A slow smile spread across his face. He shivered slightly, thinking of that morning just a week previous, and also in anticipation of what he and Sherlock had agreed on for this evening. He squirmed, trying to get comfortable sitting down, which wasn’t really possible at the moment. A habitual glance at the clock again. Sherlock should have been home an hour ago.
John barely whispers, "That's it, that's lovely. God, Sherlock," before Sherlock's moving his hands to John's chest, stroking winter rough fingertips over his nipples, down over the scars on his belly, and John works to breathe normally. His entire body is buzzing, anticipating every touch, the feeling of Sherlock's skin against his own overwhelmingly good. He puts his mouth over Sherlock's again, mostly to stop himself from whimpering.
When I emerged into the sitting room, Watson was sitting again in the green chair, just as I had found him this morning. Now he was wearing his most well worn nightshirt and the thick woolen dressing gown Mrs Hudson had made him as a birthday gift. He was reading the newspaper with a cup of coffee resting on his bent knee. The rain cascaded in streaks down the window behind him, silhouetting the perfect upturn of his nose, the thickness of his neck. My mouth watered at the sight of him.
, for fuck’s sake, doesn’t that show you I forgive you? God. I mean, Christ, Sherlock. Just when I think you can’t be much more of an arsehole, you always prove me wrong.” John stalks to the end of the train car, eyes sweeping over the bomb in the floor, and surely enough, the clock is stopped. Bastard.
Finally his muscles are no longer out of his control, except for a sudden jerk of aftershocks now and then. He breathes deep, supported on shaking arms, and looks down at Sherlock, who's covered in come and sweat and tears, and looks utterly blissful.
After Sherlock died, his face blurred in John’s memory. It would often be mixed up with the memory of that last moment, Sherlock’s face bloody and smashed on the pavement. His blank staring eyes. John would dream of kissing him, and Sherlock would pull back with ripped open lips, his cheek muscles exposed, a grinning skull. John would wake up gasping for air, his lungs on fire.
"Sherlock. It could be. For a little while, anyway. We could -- have time, to sort things out. To think. You're nineteen, I'm eighteen, it doesn't have to -- we could -- we could do something else. Together." John's tone is warm, husky. He rubs his thumb over the inside of Sherlock's wrist.
Sherlock unlocked the door with one hand, his arm unwaveringly tight round John's shoulders. They turned sideways so as to both fit through the doorway while still holding hands, and Sherlock closed and locked the door behind them.
Sherlock loves John on rainy days. A kind of alien quiet comes over him; not his normal barely contained anger, no, not that. Actual calm. Peace. It makes both of them slow down, when John does, works a spell over Baker Street. Companionable silence, John reading and doing odd chores around the flat, Sherlock nominally working, but mostly watching John with shining eyes.
"Say. It." Sherlock bites at the inside of his mouth, his cheeks going even more concave than usual. "Please."
Anyway John Watson would never be interested in him. They’re worlds apart; the popular, gorgeous jock, and the weird, bookish loner. No. No, they’re not compatible in the least. Sherlock shakes his head and takes a deep breath. Better just forget about those big blue eyes and concentrate on his N.E.W.T.s. Much more important.
Sherlock looks down at John before he answers, gauging John's mood. His mouth tightens. "I - I think that's also wise."
He’s just begun to nod off again when the fire suddenly crackles to life. Mycroft’s head appears, red and black like embers, hovering just above the grate. He looks
"Oh my god, Sherlock," John has never, he doesn't think, ever heard Sherlock say the word fuck, and the way he says it now, needy and raw and pulling at John's hips and back with sweaty hands, makes John's stomach contract and his face burn. "Yeah, yeah, just let me - "
There's a lot of description of the layout of the Blackout room and associated areas here. I hope it's clear. It's really not that important; we're going to revisit the Blackout room mostly. However, if you need to picture it, let me know and I will attempt to draw up a plan.
John took a breath and then ran.  “Hang on,” he squeaked before he leant over the toilet bowl and vomited profusely.  It hurt.  A lot.   He cried out in pain and tears ran down his face.  He sat on the bathroom floor. Rosie had followed him in and looked at him, terrified.  “Just come home. Please, Sherlock.”
“Good morning, Piero,” Sherlock said. “I’m sorry to meet you again in these circumstances.  Are you at all well?”
After they’d made their way between the tables, they reached the second area. The space was mostly empty and eight shiny chrome poles were installed from the high ceiling to the floor.  Sherlock deduced that this was a stage where boys danced for potential clients.   Beyond the dancefloor was a low, glass bricked wall that created the boundary into the final space.
“You’ve just taken me to a romantic restaurant to propose, had Mrs Hudson arrange soft music for our return and now you’re worried about being ridiculous?”  Sherlock tugged John against him and kissed him hard, his tongue pushing into John’s mouth before their lips met.    He ended the kiss, grabbed John’s hand and dragged him through the living room, the kitchen and into the bedroom.
“Perhaps you aren’t the right man for the job after all,” Sherlock said as he reached John’s side.  “We came to ask for your help. It seems I judged you to be a stronger person than you are.”
John sat on the stretcher and the paramedic strapped him and Rosie in while Sherlock sorted himself out. All secure, the woman thumped the side of the van and they were off, blue lights flashing, sirens blaring.
Sherlock and John interview Mark Tyler, the suspect who turned out to work for Europol.  They also find a key clue and Sherlock's solution to a problem doesn't go down entirely well with John.
“Mr Holmes?”   A young police officer asked.  “The man who was with the victim at the time of death is ready to speak to you.”
“Why do you wear such stupidly fitted clothing, you wanker?” John asked as he attempted to wrangle Sherlock into some suit trousers. He’d managed pants, even if they were a bit crooked, but he’d veered into disaster. John manhandled Sherlock onto his side and struggled to get the blue trouser legs past gangly knees.
Mycroft turned the page in his report. “Daniels met Jason Liverson when he joined Langridge’s and they spoke regularly about their mutual hometown, often while at the reception desk. We have discovered that Daniels may have used multiple aliases and IDs at Langridge’s in the past, but, because Liverson knew who he was and identified him to others, these were rendered useless.”
Sherlock only wore a slick sheen of lube on his cock.  He’d stroked himself just enough to remain hard in John’s absence. Sherlock wanked himself a little more, then removed his hand; he didn’t want to come before he and John touched.
Sherlock laughed. He crawled over John in a manner which might have been seductive if he wasn’t giggling. “I’ll just take your word for it, shall I?”
John sat in the lobby on the staircase a few feet from where he tried to save Jason’s life. Lestrade had already informed him that Jason was announced dead by the HEMS doctor before the ambulance left scene. He looked around at the panelled walls and across the marble floor. The chandelier above his head was reflected in the congealed pool of Jason’s blood.
“You know, if anyone had told me I’d let you do that, I’d’ve told them to go get their fucking head read.” John lifted his arm behind his head and used his forearm as a pillow.
“I can’t take back someone who hasn’t left me. He’s gone away for a few days to visit his sister. He’ll be back later in the week.”
Sherlock did as he was bid. John knelt behind him. John’s cock was impressively hard. John grabbed Sherlock’s hips and started to thrust against him and ow, ow, ow!
Lestrade laughed.  “I don’t know whether to be more impressed with the fake cock or the lovely flesh coloured posing pouch you’re wearing.”  He laughed again.
John’s blow job technique also seemed to rely a great deal on feeding as much of Sherlock’s cock into his mouth, choking and spitting it out, only to ram it back in again.
“I know this sounds disgusting but spread some of your jizz about. You smell and taste pretty damn good. My guess is that he’ll start to think about you differently. What have you got to lose?”
“Are you done?”  John’s voice sounded warm with amusement.  Sherlock picked up John’s abandoned towel and wiped his hand and John’s backside.
“Professionally done, too.” Sherlock scanned the office.  “I think whoever killed Matthews brought their own garrotte with them and left with it. There’s nothing here that looks like it was used.”
“You shit.” John shook his head, but his lips quirked into a smile. “Your tights are ripped, you’re favouring your left side and your knuckles are bruised and split. Knuckles before or after the shower?”
Sherlock sighed.  “But I was alright with the massager last night. It might not be a problem anymore.  Maybe you’ve mended me.”
“Fuck me.” Greg shook his head.  “You better watch out, John.  That stream of loquacious rubbish might just pass for flirting in Sherlock-land.”
Sherlock strode into the locker room. He opened his locker and touched the hem of his Belstaff that he’d rolled into the metal box.  Sherlock hoped the familiar would centre him. Unbidden, he thought of Rosie and of the way her face lit up when she saw John or him.   He tamped down the thought and looked over at John who’d emerged from the loo door in the corner of the room.  Sherlock took a deep breath and calmed his breathing. Someone walked into the locker room behind him and Sherlock slammed the locker door shut.  They were on.
“Well, you can keep on wondering, sunshine.” John wriggled. “I feel full, Sherlock, and it’s fine, but I don’t know that I’d want more. I’m too bloody old and grumpy to do things that are going to make me unhappy just for my partner’s benefit.”
“Everyone pays an annual fee to be a member of Langridge’s,” John explained.  “As an ex-serviceman, I get a discount.” John blushed.  “I paid £280 for a single year’s membership.”
It was after midnight. Post-shower, John and Sherlock had gone back to bed, ostensibly for a quick nap. It hadn’t lasted long enough.
“There’s a night-vision setting.  It doesn’t come on until they start to record up there,” Charles replied. “Of course, everyone looks absolutely frightful in the footage, but it’s the only option. And it is the only part of the club that has cameras.”
“Afternoon,” he said as he walked towards John and Sherlock.  He shook both of their hands. “Shall we go up to the monitoring room?”
Last Wednesday was drilled into Sherlock’s mind.  He’d woken himself in the middle of the night demanding that John went faster.  John had been on top of him, barely awake, thrusting against him.  John’s hand was wrapped around Sherlock’s cock.  Sleepy John came on his hip and flopped back on the bed.  He’d snored before Sherlock had time to grasp his own cock.   When they woke the following morning, John had regaled him with a story of a wet dream he’d had, only to find Sherlock less than impressed.  If anecdotal evidence was true and that was what women dealt with on a regular basis, Sherlock wasn’t sure how they managed not to kill their partners.
Sherlock had blindly fucked upwards, grabbed Ian’s hips, and pulled him down, down onto his needy cock. “John, I’ve wanted you for so long.”
“Much as I like Donovan’s elegant solution that none of us knows what’s about to happen, I think we may need more resources than Lestrade would put into a wild goose chase.”   Sherlock pressed his palms together and rubbed his chin with his combined hands.  He touched his lips with his index fingers. It was almost as if he knew how sexy John found it. “Think for a second; we’re going to want night-vision cameras, observers, people placed at the exits, people in the room.  We need resources.  What would bring us those resources?  The potential for another murder?”
“Where are you?”  John gasped out. He held a hand out to Rosie and she silently curled into his side.
John stroked Sherlock’s face. “I will always take you to bed, Sherlock Holmes.”  He got to his feet with a moan and climbed out of the bath.  He waited for Sherlock to stand and then offered him a towel.  They stood next to each other at the sink and brushed their teeth.  John flicked minty foam and then water at Sherlock. In return, Sherlock buzzed John’s nipple with his electric toothbrush, threw the hand towel over his head and then walked quickly to the bedroom.
“You could grab that bowl of mints on the side, empty out the sweets and see if we fill it. Film it, if you like.”
The following day and throughout Wednesday, Sherlock and John were both quiet.  The tension, both of Tyler’s revelations and the sting operation at Langridge’s, hung between them.   On Wednesday evening, Sherlock stayed awake when John went to bed. He was vaguely aware when Sherlock joined him at some point during the night.  Whereas Sherlock’s presence normally calmed John, he couldn’t relax.  He remained at a low level of consciousness until three a.m. when movement fully woke him.
“I doubt Dr Watson used them,” Charles explained.  “For our guests who use the lower floor, the film area and the blackout rooms, they’re essential.  The guests can stow their clothes, their wallets, their phones et cetera.  For someone like Dr Watson who visited one man in his private room, it wouldn’t be important.”
Sherlock’s theory about Daniels for Jason’s murder would be proven, in part, by the presence of oral microorganisms left on the butt plug bagged at the crime scene.  Gabriel Smith, the prostitute Daniels had spent time with on the evening of Jason’s murder, was already on the way to New Scotland Yard.
“Help me get in the right position,” John said. Eager, Sherlock hauled himself up as far as he could and helped John to his knees. “Fuck, no, they still hurt.” John slumped until Sherlock caught him.
The door opened.  Sonny, one of the male prostitutes at Langridge’s, walked in with a client.  John nuzzled Sherlock’s neck.  The game was afoot.
“He’s gorgeous, Charles,” Tyler said.  “I think he’ll do very nicely indeed.”   He peeled off his robe and dropped it to the floor.   Fabian ripped open a packet, put a condom in his mouth and rolled it onto Tyler with his lips.  “Fuck, yes.”
Sherlock wrapped a hand around John’s cock and stroked him up and down.  John’s cock was smooth and stiff against his palm.  Sherlock flicked the vibrator back on and pushed another finger in alongside it.
“Not really,” John answered. “It’s not every day that you have sex twice while you’re knotted together. If nothing else, I know that the scientist in you wants to see as well as the Alpha does.”
“So that leaves us three men we can’t account for so far,” Sherlock added.   “Someone working here is involved in the murders, so we need to watch them too.  I assume you can vouch for your officers, Lestrade?”
“We’re at a private facility, ABO Health Centre,” Tristan whispered. “You’ll be in a private room immediately and, as soon as Mr Holmes is deemed fit, you will be able to resume your activities.”
John nodded and fumbled lube from his pocket.  “I want your fingers inside me,” he said at an audible volume in a poor Scottish accent.
John chose that moment to close his mouth over Sherlock’s real penis.  Sherlock’s eyes fluttered closed. Both of them wore Caucasian-flesh-coloured pants beneath their harnesses and fake cocks.   John’s mouth moistened the material over the head of Sherlock’s cock and he lightly blew over it.
John didn’t try to hide his scowl.  “Teachers,” he replied.  Sherlock squeezed his hand; he knew how particular John was about his whisky.
“You’ve got the murderer, you’ve set the man who wasn’t guilty free and now we’re assisting Europol.  What is there to be unhappy about?”  Sherlock looked genuinely confused.  John understood Lestrade.
Sherlock leant back in his chair and looked down. John’s lips quirked into a smile and it was impossible not to return it. “Sorry, John, you surprised me,” Sherlock said. “You don’t normally ask me for intimacy.”
He didn’t pause at the bathroom door. As a former soldier and a doctor, John’d seen all manner of nudity and knew there was nothing about Sherlock’s body that scared him. Okay, maybe the elbows. They’d turned out to be quite pointy and proddy in the night. Everything else was fine.
Sherlock grabbed the lube from the bedside table.  He drizzled the slick liquid from the bottle onto John’s groin, lubed John’s cock and his own, then stretched his body out.  He slipped a knee between John’s legs and took an experimental thrust. John replied with a moan.
“We can’t tell you, Nathan,” John said. He sat Nathan and his captor down on the sofa and squeezed his arm.  “It’s the nature of what we do.”
“I know you are, Sherlock, but I wanted it to be good for you.” John rubbed his forehead. “I didn’t want to start to make love to you and to have a panic attack or think I couldn’t do it or I do something wrong.   Can you imagine if I convinced you to have sex with me and then I couldn’t get an erection?  It would be awful for you, Sherlock.  I owe you more than that.”
Sherlock sighed. His side hurt and he was concerned his kidneys might be a bit not good. It seemed right to do what John said but, all the same, it’s not like this was attractive, or erotic, and hell, Sherlock really wanted John to think of him as attractive and erotic. Even half dressed in women’s clothes and half-beaten.
“How do you feel?” John walked back to the bed, slipped off his jacket and shoes and crawled in next to Sherlock.
“Nothing that might hurt any of your bruises,” John replied. “I mean, my original thought was to give you a decent blowjob. I can give blowjobs quite well, I promise.”
“And you’re the only person I would trust with my life,” John agreed. “But, I want to know if want a bonded relationship with me? And, of course, if you’re not willing to be Rosie’s father too then you’re not the bond-mate for me.” John tilted his chin in challenge.
“Right, now who has a stinky nappy?”  John asked Rosie.   “I think you do.” He tapped his daughter’s nose with his finger.  “If you’re very lucky, I’ll ask Sherlock if he’ll help you with potty training. I’m sure he’s got a spreadsheet already.”  John continued to chatter as he grabbed her changing mat. He heard Sherlock leave the flat.  “What are we going to do about Daddy Sherlock, hmm?” he asked Rosie.  “I hope Uncle Mycroft has a few ideas.”
“I practice edging when I masturbate, John,” Sherlock mumbled.  “I find it interesting to see how long I can last and how it changes the intensity of the eventual orgasm.”
Sherlock grinned. John had the impression that Sherlock rather liked Reid, despite his rough edges and his attitude to drugs.  He leant forward. “If you were a policeman or a detective, who would you look at if there was anyone distributing drugs?”
“I’ve brought toppers, trilby’s and bowlers for now. We’ll worry about your mothers’ hats later, shall we?”
But if that were true, why was there an agent, a spy, on this train?  Perhaps the great and the good had told Mycroft to finish him. Perhaps Holmes wanted power for himself. Yes, that would be it.
“Fuck,” John whispered and opened his mouth a little wider. Sherlock took another two and a half strokes before he was coming and coming over John’s eager pink tongue, his lips, his teeth, his cheek. He’d barely finished when John was up and he was kissing Sherlock with sloppy arousal. Sherlock fell back on the bed. He could feel John wanking himself as he landed on top of him, and he wanted to be covered in John’s spunk.
. He pushed the thought aside as he started on a primary survey.   Jason wasn’t breathing and, from the state of his neck, he wasn’t going to start again.  His legs were broken and he had what was likely to be a catastrophic head injury, not to mention likely internal bleeding.  He was irretrievably dead.
“Maybe we’re just old enough and creaky enough to know how special this is.” Sherlock brushed something from John’s cheek and smiled. “Or we’re just more willing to compromise. Or something.”
“Fuck me, that felt amazing. Like it was never going to end.” John gripped the sides of the bath and bore down. The last vestiges of Sherlock’s ejaculate dribbled down John’s leg.
“Look after Rosie,” John said.  His voice really didn’t sound like his own.  “She needs you to stay calm.”
“Do have any idea how sexy you are?” John mused. He shifted his body weight and laid out on his side, his head rested against one of Sherlock’s feet. The strokes of his hand over his cock looked firmer now and included an intriguing twisting motion as his hand neared the tip. “I think you’re the sexiest person I know. It took me years to believe you’d even wanted to do anything sexual to me.”
Mycroft had arranged a parent and child room adjoining John’s suite at the hospital.  Sherlock took Rosie there for a nap while he waited for John to get back from surgery.  An hour after they arrived, one of Mycroft’s minions brought several cases that contained clothes for John, Sherlock and Rosie, some toys, chargers, electronics and books.   He also handed Sherlock a carrier bag with some food for Rosie, a sandwich for him and drinks.
Thanks to Lockedinjohnlock for proof-reading. Any other mistakes that remain are mine, mine, all mine.
“Of course it’s okay,” Sherlock snapped.  He sat up.  Even in the dark, John could see Sherlock’s heartbeat thud in his neck.  John reached out a hand.  “Stop fussing.”  Sherlock got out of the bed, stomped across the bedroom and out of the door.
“Jason was giving a gentleman oral sex, Mr Holmes.  I’d been told that you weren’t entirely comfortable with sex.”
“Are you kidding? Unless they let me drive my train in the army, I’m staying right here. I love my train, man. Besides, they’re upgrading all the rolling stock soon. In the new ones, we get cup-holders. Why would I quit now?” She smiled. If John had been younger and not in love with his best friend, he’d have chatted Sharan up right about now.
“No, you’re high on the same drug as Mark Tyler and the man John dragged out of the club,” Sherlock said. “I want to know where you got it from and who you gave it to.  I saw you slip a pill to Tyler.”
“It’s time you gave us the keys to Tyler’s safe deposit box.  In fact, it’s past time,” Sherlock said.
“You’re going to end up with spunk your ear if you’re not careful,” John said. He tilted his groin back, away from Sherlock and pulled him to his feet.    “Do you have any idea how long I’ve wanted to do this with you?”  Sherlock raised his eyebrows and shrugged.  “A long while. My self-control is not going to be good this first time and I’d like to at least get you out of your pants before I come. Sound okay?”
“Love?” Sherlock’s heart stopped, then raced back to life with echoing thuds. His movements stilled. A careless little term of affection had broken his composure.
Sherlock brushed the sparse hairs on John’s chest.  “I don’t think I’ll ever want to be apart from you.”
“I’m sorry, John.  I have a certain amount of inexperience with human relationships. I never believed that I would have any sort of long-term relationship with anyone, regardless of whether it is one of friendship or love. You have proved to be the exception to the rule. Sadly, that also means you must deal with my ineptitude in this area. I imagine that normal people learn how and when to express themselves. Alas, I do not know the rules.  Forgive me, John. I never meant to cause you distress.”
Sherlock’s knot, suitably chastened, deflated a little. He closed his eyes and thought of very, very unerotic things, mostly involving Mycroft, until he shrank enough to ease himself free. A steady stream of come leaked from John’s arse and pooled onto the poor, mistreated kitchen lino. Immediately, John reached up and grabbed the tea-towel from where it was draped over the oven door and pressed it against his bum. He held it there while he stood accompanied by many groaning and crunchy noises. Sherlock huffed. It was all very practical, but he’d robbed Sherlock of the erotic, Alpha-pleasing sight of his spunk running down John’s legs. He huffed louder.
“I don’t care who sees or doesn’t see. Just you, John.”  Sherlock wrapped a leg around John’s body.  This was better, so much better, than Sherlock had imagined. “Want you all the time. Every day.  Just the knowledge that you wanted me made me desperate for you.”
“I want you to fuck me. Hard. Make it hurt. Make me feel it.” Sherlock scrabbled for John’s belt but John’s smaller, stronger hands stopped him.
John paused. He looked at Sherlock. “I know,” he said, knowing the truth in his own words. “I trust you.”
The laughter died in John’s throat. He put his hand on Sherlock’s knee. “You’re nothing like Fabian Bouchard. Nothing at all. Thank God.”
Sharan looked through the mirror. “He’s carrying a big rock. He might actually take the windscreen out with it. Do you know anyone on those helicopters?”
“Never say that sentence to me ever again,” John said. “If you do, there won’t be any more sexual intercourse. But, maybe, we could compromise?”
“What are you doing?” John asked. Immediately, his cock started to leak and throb, and he bit back a whimper before he reached for it. Sherlock took John’s hand, kissed the palm and rested it on John’s tummy. He moved the chair’s console back, slipped in between it and the chair, and lowered himself to his knees. “Sherlock?” John hated how vulnerable, how needy, his voice sounded. But he was instantly rewarded by Sherlock’s warm mouth closing around the tip of his penis and his hand around the root. “Fuck me,” he moaned.
A full eight minutes passed before John entered the room wearing a towel around his waist. His hair was ruffled and his skin pink from hot water and steam.  He looked, as far as Sherlock was concerned, utterly delicious.
Langridge’s – the whore house in question – is partly based on places like Aspinall’s Casino and the Ritz Casino in London. They’re beautifully and extravagantly decorated for their wealthy, mostly male, clientele.
“Lots of lube, yeah?” the stranger requested.  Murphy pulled back and squeezed more lube on his cock.  With slippery hands, Murphy roughly fingered the stranger who moaned without embarrassment.
“Sorry, Mycroft,” John said.  His temper was gone.  Sherlock freed Rosie from her buggy and she ran at him, screaming with joy.  “I need to go.”
, you are Jean’s Sherlock?”  Fabian’s eyes softened.  “Thank you for being here.  Jean says you are genie
“I’ve thought about that,” Sherlock replied.  “I’ve nothing conclusive, but if someone wanted to throw the scent off Daniels, Tyler is an alternative, as is Bouchard. If this could all be written off as gay men getting high and shagging each other, it could be assumed the police wouldn’t look any further.  I suspect that Tyler is involved in some sort of money laundering operation that may well link to Daniels and his drug operation. Candlar is the most likely suspect as someone who may have tried to kill Tyler off as a potential source.”
“Addee,” Rosie said as Sherlock sat down. She reached for John and he made sure hold her hand in his.   “Addee Erwock, will Addee be okay?”  She looked up at Sherlock, her eyes wide and full of fright.
“Hold it,” Lestrade barked and barged Sherlock aside to slap handcuffs on Murphy.   Before the tell-tale click of the cuffs, there was a sharp cry. “Sherlock!” Lestrade yelled.  Sherlock turned. Murphy was free and headed towards him, face contorted in a snarl. Sherlock had no time to block the fist that hit him, but bent his body in a way that took the force from the punch.   However, the motion twisted Sherlock’s body so that he faced the stairs that lead down towards him.
This is quite an emotional little chapter.  I hope the nuances of those various emotions come across to you brave souls who are still reading!  The next chapter is quite description-dense, at least to begin with, because I'm 'showing' you the blackout room and its associated areas. If I get a chance, I might try and draw the layout so there's something visual if I don't entirely manage it.
Proofread as always by  Lockedinjohnlock, who deserves extra love and sprinkles this week.  If there are mistakes herein, they're my bad.
Not sure if other nations use the expression ‘knocking shop’, which is essentially slang for a brothel. Apparently, some of the youth of the nation also use this term for a house where you can go to have sex with your partner beyond the gaze of worried parents. Think an older sibling’s house or somewhere. I never did anything like that. I am as pure as the driven snow, as you can imagine.
“Well that narrows down the list of suspects to co-workers and to Brandon’s and Ellis’ clients,” Sherlock said. “How many of those people were here for both murders?”
“We’ve been helping with Piero’s defence,” Sherlock replied.  “We think he’s innocent and we were given several names to ask about. Tyler was one, purely because of his involvement in the management of Doubles.  We doubt that Tyler realistically has anything to do with it.  However, we must do due diligence.”
“I’ll be very disappointed if this turns out to be gardening or something,” Sherlock replied.   He opened his mouth to speak again, but John reached between them and grabbed Sherlock’s cock. He tipped John over onto his back and sat astride his hips.
.  “Jason was a lovely bloke, you know. And, Sherlock?”  John turned. He managed to meet Sherlock’s eyes.  “I’m sorry about all of this.  I won’t be going there again. I decided last night. Your brother shouldn’t have to clean up after me and my fucking mid-life sexuality crisis or whatever.  From now on, I’m going to focus on Rosie.”  He took a deep breath; he was putting aside his hopes of actually being with Sherlock too.  He looked at him. Sherlock didn’t move.  His face was blank, but John knew that didn’t mean that massive brain wasn’t whirring madly.  Finally, silently, Sherlock nodded. He lifted his newspaper.
John doused three cotton wool balls in make-up removal lotion and started on Sherlock’s foundation. He tenderly and carefully removed the make-up and then started to clean a graze on Sherlock’s temple. He shone a light in Sherlock’s bruised eye.
“This is Doctor John Watson,” Sherlock said. “He’s a GP and an ex-army doctor.  He thinks he’s suffering from appendicitis and he has a horrible tendency to get his diagnoses correct. This is his second bout of vomiting and he has a fever.”
“Still wan’ to see my knob?”  John asked.  His speech was slurring into being virtually unintelligible.
For now though, this one is a packed episode chaps!  The plot is taking a couple of turns which may or may not be expected.  There is also sex again, but make the most of it, because the next couple of chapters are plotty-plot-plot and a few giggles.  Lestrade is my favourite person in this chapter.  It's a shame I was a bit mean to him.  *grins evilly*
I love you and I know it would kill you if I died to save your life.  I won’t jump in front of a bullet for you because I have a daughter who wants to see her dad again. But I will do everything in my power to stop someone raising a firearm at either of us. So, as I said, fucking fuck off.”
“Why don’t we have some toast and some tea, and I’ll be ready when you are?” Sherlock tried to pry his eyes open.
“You just said that it feels good to have an Alpha’s release inside you.” Sherlock sounded petulant he knew, but why didn’t John
John pulled his feet from Sherlock’s lap and clambered around to kneel in the right place. “You’re too good with those hands,” John said when Sherlock pressed into the trapezius muscles at the back of his neck.
“I don’t care, Mycroft,” John said.  “I know she wouldn’t be even remotely surprised but, for God’s sake, we both know the minute I walk into 221B that Sherlock will deduce everything.  Just call him. Why waste time?”  John sighed.   Adrenalin had made his head swim and hysteria hid barely below the surface of his composure.  “Just one thing,” he heard himself say in a tone that belied his emotion. “Is there any chance we can lie about who I was with?”
“Inspector.” Fabian got to his knees and waved.  With everything. “You look tired, Mr Policeman. Would you like me to give you a little pick-me-up?”
John paused at thirty compressions and Sherlock gave the rescue breaths. He checked Rosie’s breathing. Nothing that he could be sure of. He uncapped the EpiPen and plunged it into Rosie’s other thigh. He rubbed the injection site. Before he’d even finished, Rosie was coughing back to life.
Sherlock was puzzled. John had insisted that they return to Baker Street without having picked up Rosie first.  He’d made lunch and then sat, looking tense, until the doorbell rang and he bolted downstairs. When he returned, he was accompanied by Nathan Drake.
“Sounds fair,” Sherlock replied. He didn’t tell John he wasn’t sure if he had the strength to carry the takeaway upstairs, let alone lift him out of the bath. But, hell, Sherlock
“My turn.” John clenched his muscles around Sherlock’s cock, then relaxed, then tensed again. “I want to see how fast I can make you come.” He lifted himself with a slow glide and then dropped fast before lifting slowly again, his arse tight around Sherlock. “What do you like, Sherlock? Do you like filthy?” John pushed his fingers between Sherlock’s lips. “Do you like fast?” John rode Sherlock hard and fast for another five or six strokes. “What do you like?”
“How about you two just start with some good old-fashioned snogging?” Nathan suggested.  “Unless I’m paid to, I don’t put my dick anywhere near someone who can’t even kiss me.”
John shifted focus to look at the men on the sofas. At least one of Lestrade’s officers was stroking his dick.  The very vocal man had his hand knotted in the hair of a guy giving him a blow job.
Well, this is uncomfortable in more ways than one, Mycroft thought.  He sat, wedged into a corner of the helicopter.  To his left sat Sherlock and next to him, sat John. Rosie’s car seat was strapped into a smaller seat opposite them.  Mycroft wished, even though he didn’t normally mix with the proles, that he’d sat next to the pilot.
“What do you mean?” Sally stood in front of him, hands on hips.  “You’ve finally got it together with the man who you’ve been in love with for years because of this case.  How can you hate it?”
“You’re very good at the sex thing. The sexual relationship, well, how can I judge? I’ve always been the one to come and go. Pun intended.”
Sherlock looked down at John. He had drool and precome on his chin and therefore looked utterly edible. Sherlock sat up and kissed him immediately. “I mean, I know I’m too old to be jealous of, presumably, a young man’s penis,” John continued when his mouth was free again. “But I am. Jealous of young men’s penis’ generally, I mean.”
“Do you know what I smell when I think of you, John?” Sherlock’s finger slipped inside John’s arse and something in John exhaled because this was one step closer to release. “I smell gunpowder and something medicinal, like antiseptic, and petrichor. And none of those things should be arousing, and yet, you are.”
“Not good for the gut or the digestive process unless you have diarrhoea,” John said. “We won’t be doing that.”
John crossed his legs. His body had a Pavlovian response to Fabian Bouchard’s party trick, even if he didn’t want to. He froze when he Sherlock hand rested hot in the small of his back.
“Come here.” John held out a hand and helped Sherlock back to his feet. He yanked at the placket of Sherlock’s trousers and, once they were undone, John let them drop.  Sherlock leant on John as he kicked them and his pants away. “Help me get my jeans off?” John asked.
“Can I have a glass of apple juice please?” Sherlock asked the barman.  “Col?”  he winked at John.  Of all the names, John did not feel like a Colin.
“Oi, no texting, wanker.” John tried to tap the phone from Sherlock’s hand. In doing so, he removed his hand from Sherlock’s bum and that disappointed them both.
“No, John,” Sherlock replied. “I could be wrong, but I don’t think you’re the sort of person who would anything that Bertie Stibbons did.”
The woman who’d yanked the emergency brake cord winked at John a second before she pulled it. When Daniels lifted his foot, John dove towards his daughter who rocked in her child seat.  He said a silent prayer of thanks to Harry, who’d insisted he brought Rosie’s car seat so she could pick them up from the station.
Inside, Anthea waited for them.  Laid out on a gold and black satin couch was a changing mat, nappies, and a red velvet dress for Rosie, a cream-coloured cardigan, tights and red satin shoes.  It all looked ridiculously expensive.
“No, we bloody well can’t,” John replied. “At most, we can clean up and put a towel over the wet bit. Or we can go upstairs to my bed.”
“Turn on the vibrator.” Sherlock’s knot had swelled from just the pressure on his dick and his prostate. “I can’t hold on, John.” The vibrator’s effect was instantaneous; Sherlock’s hips shot forward and involuntarily rammed his cock into John as far as he could.
John washed up after dinner. He didn’t hear Sherlock come back downstairs after he’d put Rosie to bed.  The first John was aware of his presence was when Sherlock appeared close behind him. Sherlock’s hip bones nudged against his lower back and his arms wrapped around John’s waist.  That silky smooth, dark chocolate voice breezed against his ear.
Sherlock’s voice rumbled in the darkness. “On at least three occasions in the last year, Lestrade, I’ve been aware that you…”
“I know who you are,” Daniels shouted. “I know Mycroft sent you.  They’re framing me.  They’re all framing me. Candlar and the hooker and the dead ones, they want you to think I did it.  I won’t let them.”   Daniel’s text message alert went off.  He plucked his phone from his pocket with shaking fingers.
“How can I help you, today?” Nathan asked. He was dressed in a long tunic over baggy trousers made from patterned wax fabric.   He sat with his arms spread and his feet tucked under his body. Like Piero had, Nathan gave the impression he was utterly relaxed and at ease with himself, with Sherlock and John, and with his job and his surroundings.
“Alright, loverboys?”  Donovan asked. A smile spread slowly over her features.  “Mycroft Holmes just arrived.  He’s asking for you two.”
Sherlock stood, bemused. He turned to John, who laughed.  “I think you’ve been supplanted in Molly’s affections, Sherlock.  It’s all over.”
Sherlock studied John’s face. There wasn’t a hint of irony or sarcasm. “I had sex with you for you and also for me. Is that okay?”
“I don’t believe so.” Sherlock gathered the photographs together.  “I can’t say for sure, but I think the danger passed with the death of Peter Matthews.”
“How do you know?” Sherlock snapped. This was intolerable. His cock was leaking, John wasn’t doing anything to help and now he had to talk about Bertie. Fucking Bertie, whose key distinguishing feature was that he was the complete embodiment of his name and all the foppish stupidity that it implied. He was surprisingly discrete, had the sort of penis that could stay erect for hours, no discernible preference between genders, and was, therefore, the perfect subject for Sherlock to learn all about sex with. The bad side was that Bertie liked to tease Sherlock as if he were something to play with and not a man who would simply favour cocaine over sex if the latter proved complicated.
“If you hear anything, would you let us know?” John asked.  “I’d be good to have your eyes and ears on the ground.”
John looked at his phone, then at Sherlock, and giggled. “Oh God, I thought you were going to give me a bloody blow-job or something. You’re a bad man.”
“Of course,” the man said.  “Let me call my colleague to take you through.” He pressed a button on the counter and, seconds later, a smartly dressed woman clip-clopped across the beige marbled floor and shook Sherlock and John’s hands.
“Of course,” Sherlock replied.  He looked pale. Too pale.  “Remember what I said?  When we get to the hospital, the doctors will take Daddy away to mend his tummy.  Then he’ll stay there for a while until he’s all better.  But we can still see him all the time.”
“It gave you time to calm down and it gave me a minute or two to sort things out with John.  And what I hope is that when I leave in just a few moments, you and John will do some practice?”  Nathan zipped up his trousers, stood and rammed the dildo in his pocket.  “My work here is done.”
“Brandon was a darling boy.  I was his first customer at Langridge’s, you know. I heard he’d worked at Doubles before. That made me wonder.  I only saw Brandon or Christopher at Langridge’s.”
“You’re not going to fool me again,” Mycroft said. “Please move, Dr Watson. Rosie’s waking.”  Rosie had indeed stirred as the helicopter descended.
“I know,” Sherlock replied as he cleared plates from the table.  “I’m in the process of cataloguing her sleep times and how they relate to sunlight and stimuli. Nothing that would disturb her. It’s interesting what sounds she’s used to. She hardly notices me playing the violin.”
John rolled off Sherlock’s body and left him to take deep lungsful of air as he recovered.  He slipped the massager free and took it to the bathroom to wash. When he returned, he put the lube away, then roused his motionless lover.
“Not really,” Nathan replied. “To be honest with you, we don’t really talk about work. I always figured that Les could do that part better than me. I just focus on looking after the man, you know?”
John rolled a compliant Sherlock over onto his back.  “I want to make you scream,” he whispered.  “I want to love every inch of you.”  He nuzzled at Sherlock’s neck and gently nipped the skin.
“Sherlock!” John giggled. “What have you done to me?” Sherlock dropped onto his side and John tipped over to face him. “Madman.”
“Look, Sherlock, I don’t know offhand,” Lestrade said.  “I can give you the lists of who was here for both nights. Langridge can give you a list of clients. If you want to wait for us to figure it out, don’t count on getting a quick answer.  We’ll be taking statements for the next few days. This place was heaving.”
“Oh Jesus, Jesus, yes,” John gabbled.  His hips jack-knifed back and pushed Sherlock’s tongue in deeper. John’s right thigh started to tremble very slightly.  Sherlock wiggled his tongue.  “Fuckity, fuck, fuck, that’s really fucking good.”  Sherlock lapped at John’s hole, one, twice and then pressed in on every third.  Then he wiggled his tongue and put pressure against John’s perineum.  Sherlock repeated the whole process again and again.  “Bloody
“Jase greeted customers, he refilled the condom bowls, he took the payments, gave people their invoices or receipts.  We’ve got bathrooms on each floor and a sauna and Jacuzzi on level three, so he used to change the towels, that’s what he were doing last night, when…”
“If you get through with mopping, get us some water and some snacks ready, yeah? If it’s all in the bedroom, then we’re prepared for a while at least.”
Sherlock looked hesitant for a moment.  The Holmes boys struggled with emotion, especially when it was brotherly.  Mycroft, however, was determined.  He held Sherlock’s gaze until his brother responded.
“I fancied cheesecake like duck,” Sherlock agreed, his mouth twisted into a smile.  “I ducking love cheesecake.”
Sherlock grasped John’s dick and started to stroke him. John’s body undulated. It wasn’t a simple job to keep hold of him, but Sherlock’s efforts met with breathy murmurs of approval.  Sherlock soared.  The sensations that rolled over him weren’t just sexual. They filled Sherlock’s heart and his soul with a glow that seemed to shine from every pore. A lump grew in his throat and he let go of John.
“I wouldn’t have let you choose,” Mary said.  “I loved you too much for that.  Now, I want you to do something for me.” She smiled and smoothed the covers at the end of the bed.  “I want you and him to love each other and love Rosie and be disgustingly happy.  No more attempts to jeopardise it, no more overthinking and being an idiot. Okay?”
They stood in the corridor for a while. John looked at Sherlock. He smiled and, without speaking, he strode down the corridor and headed for the exit.
The man with his lips around John Watson’s cock moaned.  John looked down at the unruly, dark curls and sighed. That mouth, those full, pink lips, looked sinful stretched around John’s erection.
With the distinct disadvantage of Sherlock arguing and haranguing the paramedics, it took over ten minutes to get him onto a stretcher and out of the building. The pale green, white and red ambulance was higher tech than a normal ambulance and it rattled far less. Tristan, the paramedic, leant towards John as the vehicle parked up.
“Oh.” Sherlock felt John impale himself on his cock.  He couldn’t lift his hips, since John’s hands were braced against the top of Sherlock’s thighs.   John’s bit his lower lip and he regarded Sherlock through heavy lids.  He smiled when he dropped down the last half an inch.
“I love you, John.” Sherlock looked surprised by his own words.  “It doesn’t please me that people will see your body, especially not your penis.  However, lots of people before me have seen it, Doctor three-continents Watson. I can hardly plead ownership when you’ve shared it with so many others already.”
“Nice to meet you both,” Nathan said when they were seated in his room. “As you know from Piero, I don’t work with couples, but I’m going to go ahead and make an exception to help him out.”
“Agreed.” Sherlock climbed out of the bath. A thought occurred to him. “Have you given a lot of blow-jobs?”
John left the clinic at four o’ clock in the afternoon.  Since Mary’s death and his return to Baker Street, he’d worked mainly as a locum and, today, his shift had been at a surgery in Crouch End.  The shift was over and he was headed to Archway Underground station when a familiar black Jaguar pulled up beside him.  He didn’t bother to argue, just climbed in and greeted Mycroft.
Sherlock’s words brushed John’s collarbone and he held him there for a few featherlight kisses. Then Sherlock’s fingers were between his legs and achingly slowly pressing in and in and in. John cried out as the gentle pressure nudged against his prostate.
, it felt good. His penis had softened enough to give him more leverage than he’d estimated. “Oh God,” he whimpered.
John willed the ambulance crew to hurry.  He was holding that thought when he vomited again.   He was still being sick when the crew bustled into the room.
Lestrade walked over and put his hand on John’s shoulder.  “I’m going to need your clothes and a statement from you.  Did you see what happened?”
Sherlock bit his lip. “Maybe you’re not the only one who hasn’t been entirely good at our sex thing.”
.  He’d mastered the art of being balding but still having wispy shoulder-length hair.  He stroked his beard and nodded when Sherlock entered the room.
After dinner and her bath, John took Rosie up to bed. When he returned to the living room, Sherlock was waiting for him, reclined in his chair. Naked.
Sherlock rolled his eyes but blushed all the same. He made a mental note to invent better masking aftershave.
“Trousers, Sherlock, please.”  John’s voice was breathy.  Sherlock slipped from John’s lap down, off the bed and onto his knees.
“We have a case,” Sherlock said. “Three transvestite men have been killed. All of them went to the same bar. I decided to go there this evening.” He unfurled his arms in a manner that highlighted and suggested the logic to his apparel.
Sherlock arched an eyebrow.  He looked around the room and, from the corner of his eye, saw Fabian enter the blue area of the room.  “Come along, John.” Sherlock took hold of John’s cuff and marched them to the nearest exit.  He barely let John remove his forensics suit before he was bundled out onto the street.
“How about I shove my cock inside you now?” John’s body gave slightly and Sherlock edged his hand out little by little as he continued to speak. “How about I fuck you, John, knot you, come in you and make you climax all over again? Do you know what I want, John? What I think you want? What I’ve deduced? On the bedside table, there’s a butt-plug, a dildo, a bowl of mints and my phone. Once you’re full of my come, John, you want me to push in that butt plug to keep my seed inside you. When you’ve got me nice and ready, you want to fuck me. Fucking me with your fingers last night made you aroused. It made me aroused too, John. I loved it. I want you. And when you’ve come inside me too, I’ll be ready to fuck you again. With the dildo over there, you plan to fuck your spunk inside me, while I fuck you and fill you again until you can’t take anymore. Is that what you want, John?”
“That’ll be the source.” Sherlock stood.  “The lubricant.  It would be far easier to slip an allergen into a liquid and for it not to be noticed.  It may have even been worn on the hands.”   Sherlock put his hands either side of imaginary hips and thrust his hips forward.
“If any man in Europe can keep you safe from the Marques, then it would be my brother,” Sherlock admitted. “There are no guarantees, but you stand a better chance with him than with anyone else.”
“I think his neck’s broken,” John muttered. “Has anyone called 999?”  John began CPR.  It was pointless, useless, he knew it was, but what else was there to do?
Sherlock nodded. John did not smile.  He was too nervous.  In the relatively short time in which he’d known Mary, he didn’t know what he could trust. The man before him could be anything, from a relative to a husband. John didn’t much fancy being arrested for bigamy.
“Do you know how worried you made me about demanding too much sex?  You were stoned off your head and begging for a moment to recover before you had to perform again.  The nurse looked at me as if I were a sex offender.”
“I can’t see why I have to come with you, Sherlock,” John said for the fifth time. Even he was bored of his own voice.  “You’re far better at disguises than I am.”
“Fu-uck,” the man shouted.  He clung to Reid and to the sex swing. His eyes were open wide and he took frantic deep breaths as he tried to relax.  Murphy started to pull out, but the man ordered him to wait.
Thanks to Lockedinjohnlock for proof-reading.  Needless to say, the remaining cock-ups are courtesy of moi.
Sherlock crawled around behind John. He watched for a while; two of John’s blunt fingers pushed inside that puckered entrance and stretched it all for Sherlock.   He grabbed the bottle of lube and emptied some on his fingers.  “Ready?” he asked and slipped a finger in,  alongside John’s.
“Dr Watson?” A paramedic poked his head around the door. His uniform was pale green and white. Not an NHS paramedic then. Private. Figured. “How’s our patient?”
Simon looked at his hands and blinked rapidly.  Tears slipped down his face, leaving fresh marks in the chalky stains previous tears had made.  He hiccoughed but his voice was stronger than John expected.
The visual, of John on his knees before Sherlock and John’s mouth around his penis, was good. It was enough to bring Sherlock’s dick to full hardness. Otherwise, it wasn’t the best. To be the right height, Sherlock had had to drop down the wall, his knees bent. His thighs were already burning and no more than a minute or two had passed.
Sherlock slipped his hand between John’s legs, buttocks and in.  The tight channel was wet with spunk and lube and the sphincter muscle spasmed around his fingers.
“But we’ve never had sex before.” John turned in his seat to face Sherlock. “I’ve had girlfriends I liked as people, but we weren’t that great in bed. For some reason, our chemistry was more about our personalities and not about our sexual needs.”
“I wanted to wash my hair but, well.” Sherlock attempted to reach for the shampoo and winced. His muscles visibly contracted, and his arms fell with a splash and flutter of bubbles. “Do you see?”
Lestrade’s radio operative was a chap called Bailey.  John had met him before. Bailey looked a bit like a troll from one of Rosie’s books
“And where were you at the moment in question?”  Sherlock wanted to go home and watch John sleep and stop him from ever paying for sex ever again.
“Fuck, Sherlock.” John’s voice was wrecked, and his arms collapsed in, then held, but only for a few fast heartbeats. “Ah!” John’s warm release gushed inside Sherlock and if felt utterly astonishing. They held each other as they rolled over and reversed their positions. John’s cock slipped free, but Sherlock was ready, and he pushed the slim dildo inside himself. His curious fingers discovered a button at the dildo's base, so Sherlock pressed it. A rumble of vibration was heard and then felt. And felt. Sherlock quickly turned it the thing off. He panted; his respiration had increased quite suddenly and rapidly. Sherlock knew he needed to calm down but slid the vibrator against his prostate all the same.
“So, if we both wear one of those,” John said, “and we can simulate sex without showing anything personal.”
“You’ve bought me here so I can pretend to be a moderately intelligent ex-Army Doctor with an adrenalin problem?  Need I point out that I have more important things to do?  The Portuguese have demanded the Prime Minister’s help with the insufferable Marquês de Evora. That won’t sort itself out, you know.”
John heard the words but he was stunned. He stared at the money and let the conversation wash over him.
“But when the two of you touched each other, you were convincing,” Nathan said. “Sex doesn’t always come with a lot of noise.  Did either of you go up the Heath
It took a few moments for Lestrade to finish writing his notes.  When he was done, he flexed his hand.  Hell, John knew that feeling.
This time, John on all fours over Sherlock’s body, the kiss was good. Softer. It didn’t feel like domination or desperation. It felt like John. Sherlock wrapped his arms up and eased John’s body down over his. Sherlock’s dick ended up nestled against John’s and he arched and moaned at the unexpected intimacy of the feeling. He’d never felt anything like it. John held Sherlock’s head in his hands and kissed him with a tenderness that was simply breathtaking.
Sherlock nodded.  “I should try,” he admitted.  “Colin was straight before he met me. He’s used to penetrating someone. I don’t want him to have to lose that.”
Sherlock climbed the stairs and sat on the sofa. Tonight had, he realised, followed something of a pattern.  Approximately once a month, and if Sherlock was out in the evening, John went out.  When he returned, he wore the relaxed, lazy attitude of a man who was satiated in one way or another.  Since there was always evidence that he’d eaten at home and John never returned intoxicated, Sherlock had come to the conclusion he visited an escort.  Whoever she was, she was professional and a high-end prostitute; John only smelt lightly of perfume and had showered when he returned.
“I’m so sorry, so sorry, I’m not going to last.”  Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut tight and arched his neck. The vibrator was against the underside of his cock, rubbing his fraenulum and buzzing the head.  It was almost much too much but far too good to stop.  Sherlock clutched John’s hips and fucked him with firm, fast strokes.
John narrowed his eyes. He knew what Fabian was, but it seemed like bad form to remind him of it. Bouchard’s eyes squeezed shut and he dug his fingers into the mattress.  John didn’t know whether it was pleasure or pain.
“You don’t need them.” Ian had been coating his fingers with lube. He looked up at Sherlock. “I trust you.”
“So, that’s Mr Watson taken care of,” the woman said. “What about you, Doctor Holmes?”  She looked at Sherlock.  Mycroft raised a hand to silence him.
When John walked into the rather dimly lit room, Sherlock was sat in the middle of a large bed with a tray of food in front of him. He had a bottle of Ribena
Lestrade smirked.  He walked to the door and gave a few whispered orders to the officer outside.   “Done.  Now, we can talk about the dead man?”
“Itchy,” the man said. “So itchy.  Help me.”  John pulled the man to his feet and led him out of the film room, through the side door and into the small kitchen.  In the full light, it was clear that the man was high. His pupils were wide and he’d ripped his flesh.
I'm posting early because I have a weekend of flatpack fun with a Hemnes and several Kallixes care of everyone's favourite Swedish furniture shop.  What can I say?  I'm just a very lucky woman.  The hilarious thing is that I'm, allegedly, the brains of the operation but, because my lovely partner is disabled, I am also the brawn and the one with control of power tools.  *cries laughing*  If I still have fingers, the next chapter'll be up Tuesday.
“He’s already b’n lifted,” Reid replied.  “Sorry John, I know he were ya pal, like, the French fella.  Other ‘an that?  Gawtta be a punter. I cannae imagine anyone else bein’ doaty enough to pull that shite.”
“They’re assisting us with our investigations,” Sherlock replied.  “They’re being held for their own protection.”
“Oh!” Sherlock’s eyes and mouth opened wide as a little spot inside him bloomed with warmth and arousal. “Do that again.”
John stopped limping around the lounge. He stared at Sherlock. Love. Love was huge.  It was too much.
John’s thrusts turned shallower and faster. His bad arm trembled but he pressed his cock precisely against Sherlock’s prostate with each push and never faltered. “I’m sorry,” John moaned, and his forehead drooped to Sherlock’s shoulder. Their cheeks touched and found each other similarly sticky and heated.
“You know, right, that I haven’t had one for a while?” John didn’t turn around and didn’t take his eyes from the mugs he was filling with boiling water.
“This looks cosy.” Even Donovan hadn’t failed to notice that Fabian was holding Sherlock and John’s hands. “Shall I take you in to see the body?”
Once home, John checked his daughter over.  She was fine but exhausted by her ordeal.  Sherlock took them both to Angelo’s for dinner. Angelo was always delighted to see Rosie and he made her special meals he once made for his own daughters.  By the time they got back to the flat, Rosie was yawning, covered in tomato sauce and ready for her bath and bed.
John crouched too.  “We missed you,” he said. The roughness in his throat was less to do with Daniels’ strangulation and more to do with emotion.  “I messed everything up and I’m so sorry.”
“Sherlock?” John’s voice was quiet. Sherlock was on his way back from the bathroom when he heard him. “Please.” Sherlock rushed back through to his bedroom to find John on the bed, arse in the air, with all four fingers in his rear end. “It came on suddenly,” John said. “Need you.”
“I’ve no idea, Mr Holmes,” Shirley said. Her eyes and nostrils flared.   “We hire rooms to our male entertainers.   Because they don’t have billing capabilities, we take their funds combined with ours.”  Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “We take 25% as a starting rate. After the entertainers have been here a wee while, we negotiate that figure according to the size of the room they hire.”
“Breathe with me,” John whispered.   He took a deep breath and ran his hands down Sherlock’s chest.   He inhaled slowly and then repeated it and repeated it.   When John was content Sherlock was calmer, he kissed him.  There was no faked passion or showiness to the kiss, no urgency, nothing but love.   The kiss zeroed the room down to just Sherlock and John.
Later, they visit Lestrade to full in the details of Daniels' arrest and they discuss their next steps.  Sherlock knows Daniels has accomplices, but who are they and where do they fit?
“What about drugs?” Nathan asked. “I know you’re a doctor, but I have to ask. I mean, if Aaron takes anything stimulants, it might make him tense. Plus, of course, some drugs make you poo and others close down those bowels.”
. “The blackout area at Langridge’s is this twisty-turny area on the fourth floor. There’s a bit in the middle where there are sofas and there’s, oh God, I hate that I know this, but there’s a sex swing in there.”
“She’s staying with no-one,” Sherlock replied.  Mycroft wore aftershave and his best cufflinks. He carried his showiest umbrella. They were going somewhere official.
Sherlock pouted but followed John to the bedroom all the same. He threw his towel on the mattress, near the pillows, and sat himself down. “Get the lube?”
Sherlock lifted his head and smiled.  He clicked the vibrator off and John hummed long and low as if he’d been powered down.  His eyes closed.
“Fine.” Sherlock flipped up his collar.  “I’ll expect the lists first thing tomorrow, if I may.  Mr Langridge, I have an appointment to see your billing clerk tomorrow. Will she be able to give me a list of the relevant clients then?”
“So, do my bollocks,” Sherlock replied. And that made John giggle, and that made Sherlock come again in a curious mix of pleasure and pain.
Sherlock thinks about John and the bed pit. Oh yes.  He and John visit Langridge's accountant and she gives them a corking lead to visit a place called Doubles...
“If there was blood, I would stop.  I’ve had an anal fissure, thanks very much. I’d like to make sure that we’re as careful as we can be.  Besides, I think that since Aaron is really worried about the anal, we’re a way away before there’s any real hard, pounding sex.”
John slithered down their bodies to the mess on Sherlock's tummy. He dipped his tongue into their combined releases and closed his eyes. He pulled a face. Not a good one.
“Less than twenty-four-hours in and the romance is dead,” John said. His voice and expression showed clear amusement.
“Hey, hey, ignore me. I’m just joking, love. I’m a doctor and I’ve been in the army. There’s nothing you can do that I haven’t seen. And I’m rather touched that you weren’t hesitant; that you trust me. I’m just feeling perkier now I’ve had a good night’s sleep. Forgive me?”
“An’ neither should he,” Jamie replied. “D’you know how many o’ ma pals from school I’ve lawst to smack o’er the years?  Twelve out of a class o’ twenty-six.  I cannae deal wi’ drugs in any form. I might be a hooker, ya know, but I’m no’ a bampot.”
“I can’t say for sure, Dr Watson, but I’m sure Doubles down the road is pretty happy about all of this mess.”
“Hmm.” Sherlock gave John a steady kiss. He sucked John’s lower lip into his mouth and worried it gently with his teeth before he released it. “Give me half an hour.”
Last night, Sherlock’s mind had been focused on the case. In the morning light, Sherlock’s brain pictured just one thing.  He pushed off his pyjama trousers and took himself in hand as he remembered his dreams.  Sherlock pictured the scene.
Tyler nodded.   He already looked as though he was struggling to hang on.  His sweat dripped onto Fabian’s back as he thrust inside the man.  Every so often, he paused to get his control back, but Fabian pushed back and disallowed it.   To give him respite, Jamie dropped into the bed, manoeuvred himself below them, and took Fabian’s cock into his mouth.  Immediately, Bouchard responded by fucking Jamie’s mouth rather than Tyler’s cock.
Sherlock stood up, still looking at the floor, tea towel in hand. “I’m tired,” he said and realised it was true.
Sherlock carefully did not say that his mind was full of things that were, a) not sensible and, b) were only grown up in as much as they would’ve made his teenage self blush.
.”  John’s thighs trembled and his hips lifted off the bed. “Oh God, oh God, oh Jesus fucking mother of God.”
“You just manage a day at a time.” John watched his own thumb as he ran it down the seam of his jeans.  “Concentrate on something you’ll stay alive for and you cling to it. I had Rosie, but you find something, whether it’s Charles or your mum or just because you know it’s what Jase would have wanted, and you’ll repeat it over and over until doing anything else makes you feel physically ill.”
Do other places have Ribena? It’s a blackcurrant juice cordial favoured by children and adults alike. Along with tea, Marmite and crumpets, Ribena is a national institution.
John casually undressed.  He threw his shirt, pants and socks in the clothes hamper and folded his jeans.  He sat on the foot of the bed.
“What are you doing to me, devil man,” John groaned. He pulled Sherlock up and brought their lips together.  He could taste the saltiness of his skin and the tang of his semen on Sherlock’s mouth and licked out every last hint of the taste with his tongue.  “You’re amazing.”
“Sherlock?” John’s voice was muffled, but Sherlock followed it as far as the bathroom door. Despite their familiarity over the past few days, he paused before walking in on John now they were back at Baker Street.
John wrapped a leg around Sherlock’s body. He began to mutter words Sherlock’s brain could not fit to a form.   For a moment, Sherlock remained on the edge between the journey and the ecstasy.  John silently screamed below him, eyes shut tight. Then the tension drained and his eyes opened. Eyes locked, Sherlock came with a moan that seemed to rumble through his body.  John’s lips found his and they shuddered through their after-shocks, drunk on each other’s pleasure.
Sherlock’s idea was that he and John would wait in the blackout room for the drop. It’d been decided that someone would need to be in the room in case it wasn’t a drug drop, or that it was and that those involved in the drop were able to keep avoid the night vision cameras.   Sherlock planned to purloin some covert night vision glasses from Mycroft that would allow John and him to see what happened.  The only way they could be in the room and not draw attention to themselves would be to be involved in sexual acts. Lestrade couldn’t guarantee he had officers who would choose to be involved.  So, that left John and Sherlock in the key roles of getting hot and heavy in the blackout room, while Lestrade and Donovan watched on night vision cameras. Other officers would be positioned around the exits so the dropper didn’t escape once he was identified.
“And your friend, and the mother of your lover’s daughter.  Plus, Mycroft’s ruined our plans and made your boyfriend grumpy and destroyed your big reveal.  Be fudging angry if you want to.”  John walked over to the mirror and raised his voice. “Mycroft
Sherlock’s eyes blinked open as if John’s presence had awoken him from a deep sleep. John bent over and kissed his forehead. “I missed you,” John whispered against Sherlock’s warm, clear skin. Sherlock's nose looked better. Well, it was clean and there wasn't loo roll shoved up it anymore.
“Yes.”  Sherlock steadied John’s hips. The first few strokes were slow. John lifted completely and added more lube. Then he eased down again.
“The next person in is Jamie,” John said. “He works here.” John did not say that he saw Jamie before Fabian had arrived at Langridge’s.   “Don’t know the next one. One after him works here too. I don’t know his name. Behind him is Sonny, who you’ve met.”
“Would you consider a matter of seduction?” Sherlock smoothed the lapels of Fabian’s flimsy dressing gown.  “The gentleman who had sex with Brandon when he died is returning to Langridge’s tonight. Charles has offered to pay for his entertainment this evening with one of the best men here.  We thought of you. If you’re not up to it, of course, then we can find someone else.”
“Which is why you’re typical of the people the Marquês involves in his operation. I can help you but only if you help me.”
“Stop,” John said at the sight of 6 feet of gangly naked detective pulling himself to his feet.  “Stop.” He blocked Sherlock’s way.  “I need to figure this out,” he said.  Sherlock’s skin was pale, so pale.  His face was less open, less relaxed. Less happy. John felt like a complete and utter prick.  “Bear with me, just for a day or two?   I want to be sure for you as well as me.”
“Just, just…”   John started to speak but a guttural howl took over.  John’s untouched cock shot thick spurts of come up John’s chest and the bed beneath them. His body reflexively tightened and relaxed in waves. He sagged in Sherlock’s arms.
“I don’t think I’ve ever eaten the bath before,” Sherlock mused.  “Although I have been high in the bath a few times and you can never tell. I once ate crisps out of a shoe when the bag ripped.”
“Not even close,” Sherlock replied. “As for Langridge’s, are important people missing their bi-weekly whipping sessions?” The penny dropped.  “Not that I was making a judgement, John.”
“I save it for special occasions.” Sherlock hobbled into the flat. “Appropriate use of swearing is proven to reduce pain and stress.”
When Sherlock looked up, John’s eyes were heavy-lidded. His breaths heaved in and out of his chest, and he struggled to focus enough to rub his cock.  John met his gaze when Sherlock slipped his hand out a little and gently manoeuvred it back to where it had been. With another twist, his hand sunk into John up to the wrist. A bolt of arousal shot through them both and the look they shared turned wide-eyed.
“I found myself, at Langridge’s, to be utterly overwhelmed,” Sherlock admitted. “Not just because of my sexual inexperience, though that was dominant in my mind, but because suddenly, I valued us, our privacy and what we have.”
“Oh, aren’t you two just the picture of happiness?”  The receptionist swiped the membership card and handed it back to Sherlock. “When I get old, I hope me and my husband are as happy as you two.”
“Duck yeah,” John agreed.   He walked over to Sherlock, grabbed his scarf and dragged him in for a kiss.   “I might just ducking love you.  Did you know?”
I've blind-sided a lot of you with the murderer here.  But, there were clues, deflections and downright lies.  So, you could be forgiven for thinking, hey, she's told us the murderer and we're on chapter nine of twenty-two.  What the actual?  But a subplot has been charging up the blind-side, ball in hand, ready to be tackled.  Mwahahaha - mwahahahahahaha - mwahahahahahahahahaha!  *Chokes, coughs, falls over.*
“What the fuck?”  Mark Tyler shouted.  He dropped backwards and his cock fell free from where it’d been buried in Fabian’s backside.  “What’s going on?”  He put his hand to his head and wobbled on his feet.  Then, with no further warning, he bent over and vomited violently.
“I know. And that’s why I want you to think about it,” John said. “I know you’ve said yes, but I think we need to sit on the idea and talk about it. We’re not kids; we can be grown up and sensible about it.”
“Fuck, Sherlock.” The machine’s dick thrust in again. “I can’t tell you how much I hate that I want this.” Sherlock slipped a hand beneath his blanket and John scowled. “Don’t you fucking dare touch yourself. The reason I’m being fucked by a sodding chair is that you’re out of action. So, stop wanking. I forbid you to have an orgasm until you’re inside me again.”
“Fine.” Sherlock pulled down his skirt, tights and knickers in one fell swoop. He hoped John hadn’t spotted the knickers. It turned out he really did need to pee. He even managed to get some of it in the pot. It didn’t take a testing strip or a doctor to see the red tinge. He handed the warm pot to John.
“I’ve got that sort of face,” Sherlock said. He smiled. The Paramedic looked slightly frightened. Silence. Even Rosie stopped crying.
Sherlock nodded hesitantly. “Okay.” He finished weeing and washed his hands. “Breakfast has arrived. It’s in the hall.”
The night air was bright in comparison to the darkness of the blackout room.  Sherlock blinked until his eyes adjusted and followed the pale, but rather nice, backside of Jamie Reid down the metal steps.  One flight below, Reid and Murphy had just reached a flat landing Reid leapt at Murphy and, when Sherlock reached them, Reid lay splayed over Murphy.
“Stand for me?”  Sherlock looked up.  John’s eyes looked heavy. He had fuzzy hair around his nipples and a strip from his navel down.   Sherlock tugged at his belt, then at the fastening of his trousers and let them drop.  John’s cock pushed at the fly of his tartan boxers.  Sherlock hooked his fingers into the elastic waistband. John gave him a barely perceptible nod. In seconds, John was naked.  And beautiful.
Sherlock spread his fingers and, with his free hand, reached for a slim dildo that had been rolling around on the bed. When Sherlock eased the toy inside of John, it was slicked with lube. For a moment, John held his breath but then Sherlock kissed across his chest and tongued one of his nipples, and John gave his body up to just feeling.
“Good. Oh.”  Sherlock’s fingernails dug into John’s back. In the bed pit, Fabian was fingering his own arse.  Tyler’s cock was in his mouth.
“Sherlock, people are being killed. If Fabian isn’t right for this he isn’t. Don’t try and manipulate him into it. Please.”  John wanted to explain that he couldn’t take more of Fabian’s drama, but he stopped himself.  Sherlock had told him to convince Fabian, not put him off.
“Oh, Oh.” Sherlock’s eyes fluttered.  John pressed his lips against Sherlock’s throat and, quite suddenly, the excitement in his belly jumped and he found himself of the verge of orgasm.
“Ah!” John leant back against Sherlock’s chest. “I can’t tell you how amazing you feel and smell and everything.” John gripped Sherlock’s thighs. “I’ve never wanted anyone this much.”
“Okay.” Nathan headed to the door.  “It’s yours and John’s turn. I’ll be outside, so you feel less embarrassed.”  He left the room immediately.
“Two fingers.” John smiled again. And, oh, there was love in that smile. Sherlock couldn’t resist responding in kind, and, Lord, if watched on they’d be hideously nauseated by the display. However, even in the blazing light of mutual affection, doubt crept in. Just a little bit.
“I know the middle door is the main room,” John said.  “Do you want to have a look in there, first?”
“You know, I don’t know what I’d’ve done without you when I got ill,” John started.  “It seems like a hundred years ago, but I was so worried before my appendicitis that I had to convince that you should be with me and Rosie.  When that happened, you just dealt with it, automatically.  I didn’t need to worry in the first place. I think you’d’ve always been there for us in practice, even if talking about it made you squirm.”
“Either Mr Tyler isn’t who he says he is, or I have a mole.”  Mycroft picked up his tea cup and took a sip.   “I shall endeavour to find out, Sherlock.”
Rosie was taken straight to Resus where she was monitored. The doctor then told them that he wanted her to be under observation overnight and that she’d be taken to a children’s ward. Thankfully, Mycroft was on the ball and made sure that John and Sherlock could stay with her overnight. Arguably, it was unnecessary for them both to be there, but Rosie was happy and the nurses seemed pleased to have parent-doctor to monitor his child along with them. A specialist came in and told them it wouldn’t be a bad thing for Rosie to have EpiPens prescribed when she took antibiotics again, as well as antihistamines and steroids. They also put her on IV antibiotics for the skin infection she’d been suffering from originally. Sherlock and John watched Rosie unblinkingly when the new drugs were fed into her. Thankfully, there was no reaction.
“Okay, Mr Holmes, can you remember what day it is?” The paramedic turned his attention to Sherlock, who glowered at him.
“I really do love you with all my heart, do you know that?” John said.  Sherlock took the final bite of tomato.  Mouth full of red flesh, he nodded and blushed a little.   He turned and walked back to his chair but made it only halfway before he looked back at John. He smiled and blushed again.  John grinned back.  Warmth exploded in his chest. Just a little.
“Sure.”  John looked down and nodded.  Sherlock moved back in for a kiss and started on the buttons. He aimed to remove the shirt without revealing too much of John’s body.  When all the buttons where undone, Sherlock swung a leg over John’s and sat in his lap, so their chests were together.  Even though Nathan saw some flesh, Sherlock was confident he’d shielded much of John’s scar from prying eyes.  John stroked the bones of Sherlock’s vertebrae with his fingers and nuzzled against his neck.  John relaxed against him.  “I like this,” John said running his fingertips down Sherlock’s side, which made him squirm.
The left-hand door led into another corridor. Inside, along the left wall, were three doors. At the far end of the corridor was a fire exit that led out onto landing and a set of concrete steps.  Lestrade went down the steps and then reappeared a few moments later, out of breath.
John considered pretending to be asleep. However, since Sherlock had pretty much carried John to bed last night, it seemed mean to do so. John pushed himself up with protesting arms. “Coming,” he called out.
“She poorly too?”  John’s face scrunched itself up and he began to cry.  “What’s happening?  Why are we all in hospical?  Even you.” He pointed at Sherlock and lowered his voice to a whisper. “Even you’re here.”
“I was working on a tedious, but well-paid, money-laundering case for Mycroft you know, before you called. I could go back to it and leave this tawdry matter to you.”
A tricksy chapter this one, and I hope Dr Watson's wobble is understandable. Though many Sherlock fans are not big fans of Mary, John was seemingly in love with her. Therefore, much as the desire to just write her out of John's history is tempting for many, I found that had to deal with her and their relationship quite early on. This is part of that. So, bare with me.
“You’re a dirty posh boy, aren’t you?” John asked. He smiled and sucked Sherlock’s two wet forefingers between his lips and sucked.
So yeah, I'm posting this early.  I'm a rugby fan and England sucked in the Six Nations (European rugby tournament) this year  (it finished yesterday), so I needed some cheering up, frankly.   Ireland, which is my second favourite team, was immense and Scotland, my third favourite, have improved remarkably.  However... England finished fifth of six.  They won the whole tournament last year. What the everloving fuck?
“Save the lanky bastard, John.  For Rosie. For yourself. For Sherlock. For me. I don’t care. I just know that you need to be together to give my daughter a good life. So, get to it, wanker.”  Mary smiled and blew him a kiss.
“Those silly things that mean that you don’t have to break into places?” John clambered down.  He stretched out his back and rolled his head on his shoulders.  “We’re not getting any younger, you know.”
“I’m sure only Mycroft sees the footage. Or maybe his assistant. These crisps are lovely.” Sherlock looked at the bag. “Coronation chicken
“What on earth would that have to do with anything, John?”  Sherlock replied.  He sat on the edge of John’s bed and stroked his silvery hair.  “I’m in the other room because you’ve just had surgery.  It’s for your health, not because I don’t want to sleep with you.”
Sherlock stood and turned off the mic.  This case was full of deflection and lies.  He left the room and texted Mycroft.  Stephen Daniels was the murderer. He knew it.
“Not for some time,” Sherlock replied and clomped out of the ambulance and then helped John clamber out, Rosie still in his arms.
“It’s made from the barrel of a shotgun,” Sherlock said. “It’s stronger than most others.  It seemed apt.”  He watched as John tried the ring on for size.   It looked solid and, somehow, just right.
“We met in Paris. I loved him. I wanted us to give up this work and be together.  We came to London for a fresh start.  It did not last for long.”
“I want you to come, John.” Sherlock scrambled to his knees and crawled closer to John. He didn’t know what made him do it, but he rested his cock on John’s lower lip.
Romantic and sexual partners performed a variety of roles. Sherlock made a mental list.  Apart from sex, he already fulfilled many of them.  He enjoyed the time he spent with John and Rosie. He liked to make them both happy. He gave John the requisite level of danger consistent with his mental health needs.  The consultancy work provided for them financially to a sufficient extent, supplemented by John’s income as a locum.
“Was this the room you were in?” Sherlock’s voice trailed off when his phone emitted a text message alert.
“Lube, lube, lube,” John urged between kisses. They both bent over and started to scrabble through the robes to find the bottle.  They giggled as they worked until Sherlock found it and they both cheered in hushed whispers.  John dropped his pants and Sherlock dropped to his knees.  He licked the head of John’s cock and took it into his mouth.  Sherlock moaned as the tang of precome hit his tongue.  He broke away to squirt lube onto his fingers.
“Of course. I would never hurt you, John,” Sherlock said, and bloody hell his expression was so earnest John’s heart
“I don’t belong to anyone, John,” Sherlock replied.  “If it were imperative that I must belong to someone, I suppose it would be you.”
“I’m almost there,” John whispered. His eyes opened wide as his orgasm approached and Sherlock met his gaze with unspoken emotion. Then, and only then, did Sherlock’s movements become a faster and firmer, though each delicious thrust brushed against John’s prostate.
“You can call me what you want as long as you get your dick in me,” Ian had said before he tried to kiss Sherlock.
“Oh yeah.” John clutched at the sheets. Each achingly slow stroke nudged his prostate and set his nerve endings alight. All of Sherlock’s protection hormones were firing, telling John he was loved, present, and that he’d keep them joined, body and soul.
Thanks, as always, to Lockedinjohnlock for her proof-reading par excellence.  Remaining errors are down to my addled brain.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow.  “Since there’s been another murder, surely it’s obvious that we’ve not found the killer.”
“Shall we?” Sherlock threw back the covers and stood. His blue hospital gown was tented at the front and he collected up their clothes hurriedly. “Come along, John,” he urged as he disappeared through the door. John sighed. If there was an Omega chair in a hospital room, what on earth would be in a lounge?
“About a year,” John replied. “Since you and I last ended up in your bedroom. I decided then, see. I decided that since I’ve had the best sex I’ve ever had with you then I might as well try and give you the best sex you’ve ever had too. And, well, no one wants someone who almost vomits on their penis, do they?”
Sherlock lay on his bed, waiting.  The washing up was finished. He’d heard the water disappear down the sink and John go upstairs to his bedroom.  John must have gone in to kiss Rosie goodnight.   Sherlock then heard John in the bathroom.  The toilet flushed and, by the sound of the pipes, John then took a brief shower.   So why John hadn’t appeared?
Apologies to all Scottish people for mauling their accent. I'd love to say this is the only time it'll happen but that would be a lie.
In this chapter, Mycroft has a chat to John, upsets Sherlock and then John and wafts off in his Jag.  Sometime thereafter, our intrepid duo are summoned back to Langridge's...
John kissed him.  “More than that.  I think that we ought to think about making that formal, you know.  If something happened to me, I’d want you to look after her.”
John sighed again and closed his eyes. He focused on the steady movement of Sherlock’s chest beneath his head and the faint thrum of Sherlock’s heartbeat not so very far away. “I used to have a bloke in my unit when I was in Kandahar,” John said. “He was called Jeff Smith. He was a nice fella. He had this saying that life was simple. It’s a question of deciding what you give a fuck about and ignoring everything else. S’not a bad way to live.”
“You’re a bad man,” John replied but moved all the same. He rested his feet on Sherlock’s thighs.  He moaned when Sherlock soaped and massaged his feet.
“Charles’ father, Henry, had a gentleman’s club on the site. Grandfather too. It was one of the greats, along with Diogenes.  Henry didn’t approve of Charles’ sexuality. Not one bit. Made him marry a woman, some heiress or other, who bore him a child and then promptly died.  He claimed he was too heartbroken to marry again, sent the son to Harrow and carried on shagging his butler.  When the old man died, Charles took over and immediately turned the place into the sort of club where men like him could always be safe to be the way they wanted. To be who they really were, you know.  He’s been in charge since the 1960’s.  It was a riskier place to run then than it is now.”
“Mr Watson?” asked a tall, dark-haired woman. Another Beta. She placed herself between John and Sherlock and, without thinking, John snarled. “Relax.” The woman took a step back, then another. It was enough to let John stand at Sherlock’s side.
Sherlock looked at Lestrade.  He had ginger cat hairs on his left trouser leg, which indicated he’d stayed at his sister’s house last night.  From the way he jiggled his hands, Lestrade was attempting to stop smoking again.  From the coffee stain on his tie and the food stain on his cuff, Lestrade had been on duty since this morning. Sherlock predicted he would give in and smoke a cigarette within the hour.
