. He always had this look in his eyes like he was a lost puppy. And, dammit, he probably felt exactly like one. That was Dean's fault. Dean's the one that booted him out of their home. Dean's the one that abandoned him when all he needed was a place to
Dean takes a bite of pasta, starts talking around it. “Cas has a witch friend,” he begins, which causes Anna to shoot Cas an incredulous look. He continues, ignoring whatever’s going on between them. He’s not about to get in the middle of a sibling spat or some weird shit. “I was thinking maybe she could do a locator spell. For your grace. It’s a place to start,” he says, and then he swallows his bite of food.
for him. Women, of course, always women. But... men, too. Definitely men, too. He hasn't told anyone, why would he? Cas was gone. Who else would he tell? Sam, sure, but he knows it wouldn't make a bit of difference to Sammy. And besides, he's pretty sure his little brother already knows. Sammy had walked in on him and another boy, long ago. He had begged his little brother,
They make it inside, and Dean walks up to the desk. “Hi. Uh, my name’s Dean, this is Cas, we’re here to see Anna Milton?” he says.
And besides, he’s kind of lying to himself. It had been nice to have a taste of that life, but that wasn’t his Dean. Nobody can compare to the real Dean, this one. Flaws and all, Cas will choose him every time. Over anything. It’s a disservice to Dean and himself to pretend otherwise.
Cas shimmies out of his pants, it’s not hard with the drawstring undone. He’s standing in front of Dean in his boxers, and he unbuttons Dean’s jeans with ease. He pulls them and his underwear down to his ankles, sinking to his knees. He guides Dean’s feet out of the pant legs, and Dean’s cock is flushed and bobbing right in front of his face. It makes his mouth water.
“Dude, you were staring at me for the whole class. How can you possibly know all of that? How did you catch all of that?” Dean asks, taking a sip of his (Cas’) nasty plain coffee. He makes a face, reaches over his laptop to grab Cas’ (his) coffee instead.
This, however, is a new one for him.
for the first time that Dean’s seen in weeks. “It’s very good,” he admits, and he dips the grilled cheese into the soup again. Before he takes another bite, he whispers, “Thank you.”
Dean is a good man.
All things considered, he should be about to fall apart. He should be coming
anything in Jack’s general direction. “You said…” Jack trails off, a handful of broken mug in the palm of his hand. “You said Empty. Cas went to the Empty?” he asks.
Someday, Claire will join them. Sam, too. They’ll be a family in Heaven just as they were on earth, and it’ll all be good.
One long kiss turns into several short, sweet pecks, and both of them smiling against the other one’s mouth. “I love you,” Dean says again, because he does. He’s never loved
Cas spreads his legs as Dean makes his way over to the bed again. He lets Dean clean him up, and his heart aches in his chest at how gentle Dean is. It’s a simple intimacy, but it’s just another thing Cas never imagined he'd get to experience. Dean presses a kiss to his stomach before he throws the rag somewhere across the room to be dealt with later.
“You’re very food-driven,” he notes.
He’s totally and completely correct. “Okay,” he says. He releases his grip on Cas’ wrist and looks up to meet his eyes. “Alright, so what do we do? How do we get out of this? You said something about superiors, can they hear us? Are they coming for us? Can they find us?” He fires off his questions in rapid succession, knowing full well that he’ll forget them if he stops talking for even a second.
like i said previously i’ve been suffering from major writer’s block so i’m sorry if the quality of this chapter isn’t up to par with the others.
He doesn’t even get a chance to flip the record before he succumbs to sleep once again.
Dean takes a deep breath and tries to steady himself. He knows. He knows that Cas staying any longer would fuck up the timeline, and that the longer he stays, the more of Dean’s memory they’ll have to wipe, but he doesn’t care. If he’s not going to remember any of this, he needs to at least let himself have it for now. He needs Cas. “I don’t wanna be alone,” Dean says, which is what he says every time they have this fight.
been asleep, it wouldn't have woken him.
He doesn’t sleep.
i fully sobbed while writing this. like genuinely had to walk away from writing this. anyways, i hope you enjoy. short and sweet little epilogue. i love you <3
Dean lays down next to an extremely fucked-out looking Cas. His eyelids are droopy and his lips are puffy. He's flushed from his cheeks, all the way down to the middle of his chest. Dean wraps his arm around this man - his angel - and pulls him tight against his chest. "Was that... I mean, was that okay for you?" Dean asks stupidly, but he needs to hear Cas say it. Needs to know he's okay with everything that just happened.
for him. Once Cas is out of his pants, the clear outline of his hard dick is
Dean drops to his knees and taps on the inside of one of Cas' thighs, wordlessly telling him to spread his legs so Dean can wash there. Cas quirks an eyebrow at the sight of Dean on his knees, but Dean just rolls his eyes and smiles. Cas' dick doesn't seem all that interested in what he's doing, anyways.
Okay, well, he has
“Yeah,” Cas bites, and he would try to make his words sting more if he wasn’t worried about waking the Dean in his arms. “Last night on Earth, and all that.”
Someone will use you to get to me. You'll get hurt. You'll get hurt and it'll be
Dean obliges quickly, and moments later there’s another finger pressing inside Castiel along with the first. “Good?” Dean asks again, always checking in. He cares so
He may not know Aaron very well, not personally, but saving someone’s life makes you feel closer to them in a way that not a lot of other things can. He feels for Aaron, cares about him. He’s grateful for him.
Dean just nods after that and presses his forehead to Cas'. He pulls out and pushes back in at a slow pace, savoring every moment of this with Cas. They never get another first time. It has to be perfect, Dean needs it to be perfect for Cas. He needs to please him, needs to make him feel good.
There’s a fucking knock at his door. Dean sighs and gets up off his couch, unlocking it and letting Cas in regardless. “You realize you’ve gotta crash here, right? I don’t have my car and you live all the way across town.”
Dean doesn’t realize he’s hyperventilating until Cas’ fingers circle around his wrist. The touch snaps him back to reality where his chest is tight and he feels like he can’t quite get a full breath. He can’t see himself, but he imagines his eyes are wide and panicked. Cas’ certainly are. He rubs his thumb across the top of Dean’s hand and tells him to breathe, so Dean does. Or, he tries to, anyway.
Jack just shakes his head. “You didn’t,” he argues, just like he always does when Dean thinks that.
“Dean’s okay, Sam, but you should hurry. Speed. Step on it, as your brother would say.”
“Like this, if that’s okay,” Cas says. He likes being where he is now, in Dean’s lap with Dean’s hands all over him. He wants — wants — everything. He wants all of it.
“Fine, Dean. I need to finish dinner, do your gifts whenever.” Mary says, dismissing them both as she starts to walk back toward the kitchen.
“Will you lay down?” Cas asks him gently. “You don’t have to face me.”
"Sammy, wait," Dean sighs, stepping back from Cas. "I made lunch. Eat," he suggests, handing Sam the plate with what was originally his own sandwich on it.
"...after I cook the real shit. Me an' Cas don't want our food tainted with your weird health nut shit." He hears Dean say, and it makes him chuckle to himself out in the hallway. He crosses his arms and leans on the wall next to the doorway, out of eyeshot. He decides to listen a little longer before making himself known.
When he’s done speaking, Anna sighs, loud and long. “Okay,” she says. “Okay.”
"I dunno, Cas. Isn't that what people who are in love do?" He starts. He's not very happy with himself for starting this conversation. "Like, not yet. I just came to terms with the fact that I've liked dudes my whole life. Not sure I'm ready to up and put a ring on it right out of the gate, you know?" He explains. He hopes he hasn't gotten Cas' hopes up.
Washing the feet of someone had once, long ago, been a sign of worship. Castiel isn’t ignorant, he knows that’s not what this is, but the thought alone is enough to make his cock twitch beneath the water. The thought of Dean worshipping him the way he worships Dean makes something possessive curl low in his belly, something that he needs to take care of. Soon.
for fucks sake.
Dean's chest feels tight. He's going to be entirely too close to Cas, the constant urge to touch him is going to be stronger than it's ever been.
She sends them off with the credit card and a few tupperware containers of food, and she gives Dean her number and tells him to call if there’s anything she can help with. Dean hugs her goodbye and thanks her for everything, and tells her he’ll be in touch.
his head hurts.
he’s starting to freak the fuck out. He rushes over to the window and pulls it closed. “Cas!” he shouts. “Get in here!”
By the time the grilled cheese is cut into triangles and plated, the soup’s warm. He puts the bowl on top of the plate, and then puts that on top of a tray so that Jack can eat in bed. He knocks twice before he pushes Jack’s bedroom door open, and Jack finally sits up.
Dean barks out a laugh. “Yeah, I guess it probably would,” he says. He rubs at the back of his neck. Fuck it, right? Cas is gonna say yes. There’s no reason why he wouldn’t. They’ve already proven they can live together, why not put a ring on it and sign a piece of paper that says they’re gonna do it forever?
Dean’s losing himself, losing everything it means to be Dean Winchester and Cas is watching it happen. He’s watching Dean slip away before his very eyes.
breakfast. He’s no chef, but he’s sure he could swing bacon and eggs — maybe even pancakes, if he can find a recipe in one of the cookbooks lining the shelves of Missouri’s kitchen.
Dean kisses back easily and nods. "What are we gonna tell Sam?" he asks with a laugh.
Dean turns his head a fraction to give him an actual kiss, still holding Cas’ face in his hands. Cas’ arms circle around his waist and pull him close, which makes Dean crack a smile for the first time all morning. He settles into the kiss.
And then, and fucking
Dean stands up out of bed to throw his robe on, and before he leaves the room, he walks back over to Castiel’s side of the bed. He dips down to press a kiss to his mouth, and Castiel almost lets it happen before he remembers how viruses get passed. “Stop,” he whines, pushing on Dean’s chest with one hand while the other comes up to massage at his sore throat. His voice comes out scratchy when he says, “I’ll get you sick.”
“Yeah, baby?” Dean breathes into his mouth, repositioning his hips so that his cock is pointed downward, slipping against Castiel’s hole where his legs are spread. It makes them both gasp into each other’s mouths, and it makes Castiel dig his heels into the small of Dean’s back to draw him closer.
that's fantastic.
It’s not heated or desperate. This isn’t going anywhere, not right now. Dean’s more than content to stand here and kiss Cas until his lips go raw. He likes the scratch of Cas’ stubble against his lips, the gentle hands on his back. The hands that could crush him,
little warning here for domestic violence but it's described from a four year old dean's pov and he can't actually see any of it, he only hears it. also mary literally kills john after it happens. so. yeah. i really think that's it as far as warnings go for the prologue!!
were any of them stupid enough to get in the way of whatever the fuck had been going on there. Dean’s used to it — these have been his friends for over three years now, but Cas has only known them for a little under a month. It’s gotta take some getting used to, Dean imagines.
“I could never forget you. I will never forget these last weeks, Dean. I couldn’t if I tried.”
“Yeah. Just Thanksgiving, but you do it with your friends instead of your family, I guess. We did it Sophomore year, too, and it was
and Garth is sprawled on top of him. Soft laughter fills the room as Dean lets his hands wrap around Garth, patting him on the back. “Love you too, buddy. Now get the hell off of me,” he laughs.
Cas shifts a little, frowns in his sleep. He probably got against one of the many bruises his body is littered with. “Love you,” he mumbles, barely distinguishable.
That’s funny, Dean didn’t know that.
“I know, baby. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry,” Dean says gently, wincing as Cas’ cries get louder with each gentle swipe of the washcloth.
him. He continues to fuck Cas with his fingers for a while longer, curving his fingers inside of him every few thrusts.
Cas’ help. I hid, and I watched. I figured they’d take him somewhere, Heaven or something, but they never did. I watched what they did to him, Dean. It was awful,” she gets quieter as she speaks, her eyes unfocused, staring at the wall over Dean’s shoulder. “I waited until they left. They must have gotten called back home or something, I don’t know. But they nicked his throat, and the stuff that came out looked a hell of a lot like what I was holding in a jar for Anna. I guess they figured if he didn’t have his grace, he wouldn’t be able to get away.”
could have this,” Cas sighs, wrapping his arms securely around Dean. “Everyone said I was lost when I laid a hand on you in Hell,” he sighs, cupping Dean’s face so he can look him in the eye. “But they were wrong, Dean. I was found.”
It's stuck between his teeth, and he picks some of it out before laying down next to Cas on the bed. He doesn't care that they're both dirty. They're on top of the covers, so it won't matter when they're under them later.
Cas sees Dean become even more flustered, and it makes something warm bloom inside his chest. Something that he hasn’t felt in around three years. “Done what, man? And I’m not antsy,” he crosses his arms.
Cas beams back at him, and it's instant forgiveness for the fact that he is currently dripping. Cas starts fiddling with the hem of Dean's shirt, which is clinging to his skin in every spot. Dean raises an eyebrow at Cas, pulling back to look at him. "You tryna get me naked again, Cas?" he whispers, slowly leaning back down to brush his mouth against Cas' as he speaks.
"You're my best friend, Cas. I don't know what you assumed it was like every time I lost you, but I've never been okay afterward. The only way I'm able to go on is to fight like hell to get you back, man."
Dean picks up Garth’s drink and sips at it, rolling his eyes. “Yeah, I’m not a fuckin’ teenager anymore, and neither are any of you!” he says, and then he turns to Cas. “Are you? Dude, I don’t even know how old you are.”
At first, Dean’s prayers had been… frantic. There’s no other way to describe them. He had clearly been frightened. Badly. There was nothing Castiel wanted more than to find him, seek him out, and protect him. But after spending any amount of time thinking about it, he realized that ultimately, Dean would be much safer without him. So every day, he listens to the sound of Dean’s prayers in his head, and lets them put him at ease.
hungry. I didn’t feel like leaving to get food.” Dean watches as he flips another egg and takes the first one out of the pan to put it on a plate. He cracks one more. “Do you need more ibuprofen?” he asks, already leaving the stove to head to the cabinet where Dean keeps all his painkillers.
, of all things. He remembers within a few seconds that it’s not something he has to worry about anymore, but his eyes drift to movement at his desk, and Sam’s sitting there bouncing his leg. He’s got his hands clasped together with his elbows resting on his knees, his knuckles pushing so hard against his mouth that Dean can see the force of the pressure all the way across the dimly-lit room.
Cas maneuvers himself so he can speak into Dean’s ear, and Dean shivers when his lips brush it. “I don’t want to,” he says, and Dean nods. He takes another drink.
He’s about halfway through breakfast when his phone rings. He frowns — nobody really calls him. He told Charlie he’d be out of reception for an indefinite amount of time, and that he could sometimes get texts but never calls, so it’s not her. She’d passed that message on to Garth and Benny and the rest of their friends, so it really only leaves…
Anna kisses Garth, Garth has to kiss
Cas smiles sheepishly at him. “Really Dean, there’s no need. I’m just happy to be spending it with an actual family,” he says, and then he starts to backtrack. “Not that my family isn’t an actual family. We just… aren’t traditional, I guess.”
Missouri thinks for a minute, and she sits back in her chair and sips at her tea. “I don’t think I know any,” she says. “I’m sorry, boys. I wish I could help,” she says.
“Here? How would I know?” Dean asks, and Cas could really truly
Cas. With my life,” he says. “If this was your mission, If
Dean swallows. “I know we didn’t leave off on a great foot,” he says. “Just… wanted you to know I’m proud of you.”
needed to get some of that out of his system, so that maybe when he’s drunk off his ass later tonight, he won’t have such an issue keeping his hands to himself.
“What branch?”
Dean’s always up first, which is a weird adjustment, but he’s getting used to it. He can usually flip the covers off of Cas, lift his shirt, and clean him up with only a few disgruntled sounds from Cas. He almost never fully wakes up, not even if Dean needs to reapply triple antibiotic ointment.
He leans his head back into it, letting out a satisfied hum. He's sated from his orgasm, and if Dean isn't careful, he's gonna lull Cas right back to sleep. That's all Cas wants to do right now. His mind is hazy, there's an exhaustion that runs so deep he can feel it in his bones, and all he wants to do is fall back into bed with Dean wrapped around him.
he’d been damn near silent, so what the fuck? “Uh, yeah. Fine. You?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean’s head snaps up from where he’d been staring down at his hands, because the skin around his fingernails had suddenly become the most interesting thing in the world once Cas was out of the room. He looks Cas up and down and shifts in his seat, poorly attempting to conceal his crotch just in case his dick decides it has a mind of its own, which, a lot of the time, it does.
“That’s alright, Dean. It’s not your fault,” he says, and then his phone vibrates in his pocket. It makes Dean jump, so Cas gives his knee a reassuring squeeze. It seems to settle Dean, if only a little. Cas takes comfort in knowing that something within Dean recognizes him as a friend, and not a threat.
They head back up to the attic and Anna first sets his nose right, and then her hand glows a soft yellow and Dean watches as the blood clears away and Cas relaxes back against the pillows. “Thank you,” Cas tells Anna. “Sorry to bother you.”
is he sweating so much, Jesus — and stands up to move to the couch. He sits, and Cas sits next to him and flips on the TV. He hands Dean the remote, “You can put on whatever you’d like. I don’t watch much TV,” he admits.
“Dean,” Cas breathes, and his eyes are shining, just like they had been in that god-forsaken storage room of the Bunker. “You -- you’re being serious,” he marvels. He looks like he can hardly believe it. “You mean it,” he says again, and his face splits into a grin like Dean hasn’t ever seen on him. “I didn’t -- I thought --” he says, and he’s shaking his head. “It doesn’t matter. You love me?”
And, in all honesty, he has every right to be nervous. With the way Cas looks, the stupid smug smile that’s always on his face, the way his eyes seemed to grow a tiny bit brighter when Dean had swapped their coffees.
Dean scratches at his still-pounding head, walking up to stand next to Cas at the stove. “Not much? I remember we had to lock lips for spin the bottle, and then everything kinda goes blank. Sorry if that was weird for you,” he says. He scratches at the back of his neck. If he were wearing a beanie, he’d be adjusting it.
Eventually, beside-him Dean flicks the TV off. Cas turns to look at him then, and he can see behind-him Dean in his peripheral.
Castiel shakes his head, strokes his fingers down Dean’s cheek. “That was beautiful, Dean. Everything about that was perfect. I love you,” he says.
“Yes,” Castiel says warmly. “You did.”
Dean thinks, and his heart rate gradually begins to slow to a rate that’s closer to normal.
Cas backs off, then. Sure, there aren’t a ton of people on the beach, but there’s enough that they can’t exactly get away with fucking right here, right now. Cas is looking at him like that’s exactly what he wants to do. “Of course I’ll marry you, Dean,” he says, and he leans down for another kiss.
They’ve been together for ten years, and Dean wakes up to a knee in his face.
Dean starts running again, up the gravel road until he's back on the main one. "I'm headed toward the motel, Sammy. I'm not gonna stop. Just pull up and let me in when you see me."
But no, this man, his best friend, has him. Castiel feels held. He feels safe. He almost dares to say he feels loved. “Yours,” Castiel confirms, “Just as you are mine.”
Dean’s not sure what time he wakes up, and he doesn’t bother checking the clock before he rolls out of bed. He looks down at his body, and he’s still in the clothes he was in when he’d watched Cas die.
Cas eventually comes down enough to slip out of Dean, leaving him feeling empty and needy. He pulls Cas back down against his chest, not caring at all about the mess between them. “Happy birthday to me, huh?” he asks softly, carding his hands through Cas’ sweat-damp hair. “Thank you,” he says, softer.
fucked the future up irreparably. “I know,” he says. “Can we just — go get breakfast? Then I’ll — I’ll call my dad. It’s — Jesus. Can’t do anything on my own,” he mumbles. “Always gotta go runnin’ back to daddy.”
your parents?”
They don’t shower for another fifteen minutes.
Castiel is always waiting for the other shoe to drop. He’s always waiting for the day that Dean will waltz into his room and let him know that his time as a guest in his and Sam’s home has come to an end. He knows it’s coming, and probably soon, now that he’s proved himself to be of little use on hunts.
holy shit. He blinks a couple of times, and there’s Cas with the damn eye contact again. It makes Dean’s mouth go dry, and he takes another sip of the coffee that they’re apparently sharing, because Cas takes it back and takes his own sip as soon as Dean swallows.
Dean whimpers. “You love me?”
Dean’s gaze burns a hole straight through him. Dean hasn’t looked at him like this, unabashed and unashamed, for years. And yet, this Dean sits in front of him, propped on his elbows with his mouth hanging open, watching Cas roll a joint. It makes him feel a lot of things, but he’d honestly rather spark his joint than think about it right now. “Got a light?”
Dean stares, speechless, as she folds her wings up and her eyes dim to their natural color. “We should get going,” Anna says. “It’s a long drive from here to El Paso.”
He’s not about to let anything dampen his mood.
Soon enough, she’s done painting and she makes her way down the ladder. She still hasn’t noticed them, and Dean doesn’t speak up until she’s flat-footed on solid ground. “Hey, mom,” he says quietly, and he twines his fingers between Cas’. He doesn’t want to have the conversation, not really, but he wants her to know.
The worst part is, Cas looks devilishly handsome as he does it. He puts her into reverse, backs her out of the parking lot, and sets off on his way. He’s careful with her, but he’s a natural. Dean could jump his bones right here, right now. He’s never actually had sex in this car before, but he’d only be lying to himself if he said he hadn’t thought about it. He’s even thought about it
"Woah, buddy. Alright, I'll sit with you while you shower. I won't look or nothin', but you're not doin' this alone," Dean says, and he starts walking toward the bathroom with Cas dragging his feet.
He uses that one a lot. If it’s on a day he’s feeling particularly bitter (for which Cas doesn’t blame him, he supposes he’d be bitter too, given the circumstances), he’ll tack
Cas freezes all at once and pulls away just far enough to look Dean in the eyes. He searches Dean’s face and finds nothing to indicate it’s a joke, so he leans forward and kisses him again, deeper this time. Dean moves his arms to rest beneath Cas’ so that they’re both supporting Jack’s weight. “We can do this, right? We can have this?” Cas whispers.
Dean can’t see his face anymore, but he feels Cas’ gaze on him in the dark as a physical weight. Cas’ fingers trail over different parts of his face, starting with his cheek. His fingers brush over Dean’s eyebrows, down the bridge of his nose, and finally to his mouth. His thumb presses against Dean’s bottom lip, and on instinct, Dean opens his mouth to let it slip inside.
by any means. All that matters is that Cas seems to think so, and that he’s intent on showing it.
because angels shouldn’t be able to blush. Cas supposes he’s just angel enough to explode lightbulbs unexpectedly, and just human enough to blush, now. Apparently.
ready for bed.
They stumble through the door a few seconds later, and Cas looks like he’s supporting Mary’s body weight with his own. His mom looks like she’s about to be sick, but otherwise unharmed.
that he can’t stop the tears, no matter how bad he wants to. He whines a little when Cas pulls his fingers out, grinding down into nothing. Cas wipes his hand on the bedsheets, uses his clean one to turn Dean’s face toward him with a finger on the side of his chin. “Don’t hide from me,” he pleads. “I love you. Let me.”
I don’t even really care if I fail anymore. I can’t do this any longer, man. I really can’t.”
Cas smiles. He tucks a piece of hair behind her ear. Cas is huge on affection, but Claire decidedly
Dean watches as the hand searches for leverage, and he stares at it. He doesn’t have his gun on him, so he’s fucked either way, but — but if he looks, really
While they wait on toast and eggs, Dean wraps one arm around Cas' waist and pulls him close. He presses a kiss to Cas' temple and mumbles against it, "Gotta do laundry today. My bed's bigger, I'm not waking up basically glued to you by our sweat again tomorrow morning." He's only teasing, of course.
Dean shakes his head and manages a nervous laugh. “I wish, Sammy. I really do. Might be easier to tell you that I’m dying than it is to tell you I think I have a thing for Cas.”
He bunches them up one leg at a time, helping Cas guide his foot all the way through. He pulls them up to Cas’ knees, but he doesn’t stop. He pulls them part of the way up his thighs, until he can’t anymore because of how Cas is sitting. “Here, stand up. Use my shoulders to steady yourself. I’ve got you,” he says, and they’re both standing up as Dean pulls the sweatpants the rest of the way up. He knows he doesn’t have to, but he does, actually. It’s his fault Cas is hurt in the first place. He should have insisted Cas stay behind and rest.
Cas doesn’t say anything to that, he just turns the tap on and goes back to doing Dean’s dishes for him. And Dean feels like a massive dick. He stands up off the couch and makes his way into the kitchen, standing next to Cas. Cas doesn’t even acknowledge his presence.
Dean doesn’t know what the sounds he hears next are. There’s a lot of grunting, some slapping, more thumping. Then, there’s two thumps in rapid succession. One that’s quiet, and one that’s loud. Everything goes quiet after that, even Sammy. “Shit,” his mommy whispers. “Shit, shit, shit.”
Cas leads him through the Bunker, and they're still wet. Less wet than they would be with their soaking wet clothes on, but they're definitely tracking water all through the Bunker. Dean follows closely behind Cas, wrapping his free hand around Cas' where it circled his wrist. This was a stupid idea. Dean should have just had his way with Cas in the garage. He thinks he might die if he has to wait much longer.
He doesn't bother staying behind to watch Sam close his laptop and slip it into his bag, or watch Cas stand up from his own place at the table. He trudges off to his room to pack his clothes. Should be an easy hunt, and they're only going to be a couple hours from home, but he packs four changes of clothes anyways. He throws his gun from under his pillow into the bag and slings it over his shoulder. He traipses down the halls until he gets to the storage room where they store the African Dream Root. Can't ever be too prepared. Someone might need breaking out of the Djinn's trance. He places the jar gently into his bag, wrapping it in a t-shirt so it doesn't break.
she has been.
“You mean in the-?” Dean cuts off his question, gesturing vaguely with his hand. Cas nods. Dean clears his throat. “Right. Not much, I guess. Just… we were watching a movie. I mean, not
He looks at the clock the next time his eyes drift open, and it’s a few minutes past one in the afternoon. He lifts his head to look at Dean, who smiles down at him. “Hey,” he says quietly, and he leans down to kiss Cas.
Dean presses closer yet to Cas, nuzzling into the crook of his neck and letting one arm drape over the top of Cas' legs. His heart is pounding, but he forces himself to keep breathing at a steady pace. He needs Cas to believe he's still asleep, that all of this is unconscious because he's
“I got accepted… to KU,” he says slowly. “In Lawrence.”
His whole entire body feels like an exposed nerve every second of every day. He never gets any peace, not even here, not really. It’s just as close as he comes, and even this doesn’t seem to work anymore.
“I do come with good news, though,” Cas says.
He stretches his arms as far above his head as they'll go, and his shoulders crack. He twists his back, popping it in one direction and then in the other. All of this earns him a wolf-whistle from Dean, and he looks down at his body and remembers he's naked. He rolls his eyes again at Dean before he pulls on a pair of pajama pants to walk to the bathroom.
“Dean,” Cas says, and he sounds sad. He wraps his fingers around Dean’s wrist and holds his gaze. “I told you. I’ll make sure you remember.”
“I forget my lunch, like, every other day,” Dean snorts. “Not that I mind, but seriously, what’s up?”
yes,” Dean whines. That’s. It’s so good that his vision goes spotty even in the darkness of the room. “Would it—“ he whines, Cas’ tongue is
But Dean doesn’t ask him to. Dean starts the water again, but doesn’t plug the drain. He’s filling a cup with water, and he’s rinsing the filth from the lining of the bathtub. It hasn’t had time to dry, so it doesn’t stick. It slides off the porcelain lining of the bathtub and down the drain with ease, and when Dean makes his way to the side of the tub that Cas is facing, he turns his face in the opposite direction. He still can’t look at Dean, but his friend doesn’t try to make him.
“Well, yeah, but you don’t do that. So spill.”
Dean gives her a smile that’s only slightly strained, and he nods. He sits down on the couch after Cas does, and he leaves an entire cushion between them. “Do you think she knows?” Dean asks under his breath, and Cas rolls his eyes.
Somewhere around five in the morning, when Dean is struggling against the weight of his own eyelids, Cas texts again. He says he’s on his way back, and he shouldn’t be longer than five minutes.
into Dean's touch.
“My mom’s the best,” Dean starts, “Most loving mother I could’ve ever hoped for. She’s so kind, you wouldn’t believe it. Gave me Baby for my sixteenth birthday, taught me everything I know about cars. She’s a nurse, but she always loved fixing things when I was growing up. Never bothered to take the car to a shop or hire a handyman for repairs around the house. She taught herself everything she knows about that kind of stuff, and then she taught me.
Castiel nods as he looks down between their bodies. His own cock is red and flushed and glistening at the tip, and he can feel Dean pressed against him. “Ready,” he confirms. He’s never been more ready for anything else in his life.
Dean just sputters out a cough and moves to sit up again. "Right. Shower, buddy. I'll be back shortly," he promises, and then he's out of bed and walking down the hallway toward the bathroom. He's running, he has to. It's much harder to face this in the daylight than Dean thought it would have been.
He does.
He shucks off his coat, lays it over Dean’s desk chair, and resumes his post by the door. By this time, Dean has his pants off and they’re laying in a heap on the floor, and he’s laying in bed with the covers over himself. The blankets on the other side have been pulled back, beckoning Cas to slip beneath them.
“Stop sayin’ goodbye,” Dean grumbles. “Even — even if Missouri can point us in the direction of an
is hot? Well, that's easy enough. Yes. Hard yes. Between everything he'd been thinking about as he'd drifted off thinking about last night, and the fact that Cas was his best friend, it was easy to acknowledge that Dean at least found him physically appealing. His
Cas smirks down at him, but doesn’t say a word. He just settles a little lower, where Dean can still see his face but he’s got easier access to everything he needs to see and touch.
"Dean Winchester, you are not going to break me," Cas all but growls. "I am not made of glass."
“Right. I don’t think he can tell me what happened right now, so I’m gonna need you to. After I get him clean. I’m about to get him naked, so you might want to…” Dean trails off, shooing her gently with a wave of his hand.
about it. He doesn’t let himself feel guilty for that any longer. He’s just a normal guy that got tangled up in all of this.
Dean laughs bitterly. “About me. Being gay. She told you,” he concludes, burying his face into his pillow. He’s pretty sure he’s successful in muffling the sob that escapes him against his will. “I told her not to tell you, man. I’m sorry. I told her not to tell you but she
Cas is swallowing him up and making such pretty noises while he does it. Dean just stares down at him and lets his fingers dig into the flesh of Cas' hips and his barely-there love handles. Dean appreciates the way Cas' body has aged over the years, loves the way he's always been human, at least a little. His body had certainly aged like one, and Dean loved it. It made Cas seem just a little bit more comprehendible. Dean knew that he couldn't begin to fathom the depth of Castiel. He knew that, but it didn't make him love him any less.
to touch him this way. He’s got them on his waist now, fisting the material of that damn coat he’s so partial to -- even in Heaven, it seems. He lets himself be kissed on the dock by the lake, and he hears the call of some birds up above them. He hears a splash in the water, and he figures there’s fish in it. He hadn’t thought about that before.
He knows Sam is going to make fun of him. Not in a mean way or anything, and not over the gay thing. If that’s even what it is. Dean doesn’t know. He doesn’t have a fucking clue. He hopes that Sam will. He knows that after his brother pokes fun at him for having and talking about his feelings, he’ll probably be a lot of help. He’s kind of counting on it.
Dean considers for a very brief moment, coming out to Sam right as he's walking out the door so he doesn't have to deal with it.
“Mmmph,” Dean grumbles, and Cas feels the vibration in his stomach. He laughs, and runs slow circles into Dean’s hip with his thumb.
——————————
“You are,” Cas says, between kisses, “a genius,” more kisses, “and I love you.” Cas kisses him more once he’s apparently finished talking. Dean can’t help but smile against his lips, he’d thought it was a pretty stupid idea, but he guesses maybe sometimes he’s allowed to be smart.
too long, Dean’s eyes crack open. He squints up at Sam, then over at Rowena, and then he meets Cas’ eyes. He flicks his gaze back to Sam, opens his mouth, and says: “Who’s the handsome one?” before sending a wink to Cas.
Cas climbs back into the backseat and balls his own jacket up against the window. Dean snatches it. "Dude, no. Put it back on. No sleeping before we go into the woods looking for a fucking Djinn." He throws the jacket back in Cas' lap. "You can stay, if you want. Me and Sam can check it out if you're tired."
“Not a problem, buddy. Just want you to be comfortable,” he says. He means it.
“Not now,” Dean concedes, and he gets a hand between their bodies to wrap around both of their cocks, fully hard now. “This is good, for now,” he breathes, and the moan that Cas lets out is an agreement if Dean’s ever heard one.
Cas whines, burying his face in Dean’s shoulder. He mumbles something unintelligible into Dean’s skin, his hips stilling as far inside Dean as he can get. Dean can feel it when Cas comes, and he smiles. There’s nothing left to do. This is the best damn birthday present a guy could ask for.
Neither of them acknowledge the rasp in Cas’ voice when he speaks, “Please.”
Somehow, he manages not to break the kiss as he climbs into Dean’s lap. Dean makes a soft noise of surprise, but not disapproval. Cas has to ask anyways, “Is this alright?”
Cas is quiet for a moment, just looking at Dean. Dean’s not looking back, no way in
“Right, well. I’ll definitely buy you
He spends the next twenty minutes circling the rift, looking for Cas as he goes. Surely, with everything going on at home, he wouldn’t just leave Dean to
“That felt nice. I didn’t want you to stop,” Cas complains.
Dean’s entire reason for living these days.
Castiel shakes his head. “The bunker. I just want to stay, Dean. Here, in your home. I don’t want to leave you,” he says, and he hangs his head. He feels pitiful once more. Dean wants so much from him, and all Castiel can bring himself to ask for is a place to call home. It’s more than he deserves in the first place, after all he’s done. “I want everything that you want, too,” he adds, “but more than anything, I’d just like to stay.”
with Cas, as long as it means he gets to keep kissing him.
Dean watches him with soft eyes and something entirely new blooming in his chest as he pours a glass of juice. Cas is — beautiful, always beautiful, but something else now, too — something he can’t place. He just looks so
Cas’ head lolls from one side to the other, and his eyes crack open. “Dean?” he asks, trying to stand.
Dean stays. He stays, and stays, and stays. He sings Sam a lullaby through his own steady stream of tears.
"Yes, well, I've never seen anyone make such a mess while they brush their teeth, Dean," Cas retorts, "Lean over the sink. You're dripping it onto the ground."
He knows how this looks. He knows
He zips up his bag, throws it up over one shoulder, and stands back up. Turns out, he didn’t need to go looking for the guy after all, he’s right here in front of him. “Jesus, dude. You scared the shit out of me,” Dean says, running a hand through his hair.
He stands up and holds out his hand, smiling when Cas laces their fingers together. Neither of them bother with clothes to just walk down the hall. Sam was away with Eileen, so it was fine. Nobody was there to see them, anyways.
to Hell, and she can take Brooke with her,” Cas explains gently, tightening his grip on Dean’s hands. “They can go as soon as Brooke figures out how to rework the spell to trap angels specifically. She’s made significant progress since you’ve been out,” he says softly. He leans forward to press his lips to Dean’s temple, and Dean can feel the smile in it.
His mommy comes back and pulls out her phone. She smells funny. Dean can see fire inside the house, and smoke is starting to fill it. He watches, but he stays quiet as his mommy talks on the phone.
Dean takes his time washing himself and making sure he's squeaky clean. He hates when he gets out of the shower and realizes he's rushed, and he's left dirt behind. He doesn't feel like having to do this again in the morning. Once he's sure there's no more dirt to wash down the drain, he stares down at his half-hard dick. He figures that if he takes care of this now, there's a slightly smaller chance he'll wake up next to his best friend with a boner.
So yeah, they’re doing great. Dean thinks that tomorrow, maybe he’ll take Cas into town and they’ll see what they can’t do about getting Cas everything he needs to start beekeeping. But he doesn’t know, and that’s okay. Maybe Cas won’t feel like going anywhere tomorrow, so they’ll stay in bed all day and hold each other and be stupidly, disgustingly in love.
“Now you owe me two,” Aaron says, and he laughs. He stands up and starts to walk down the dock, and he sends Dean that same finger-wiggling sort of wave that he shot him in the bar way back in 2013. Dean laughs, and he waves back before he turns back to look across the water again. Aaron’s a good guy.
Even monsters should have a little respect, sometimes.
Sam’s met a lady, actually, and she lives there with him. Her name’s Eileen. They hunt together, and he loves her a lot. He seems happy that Dean’s got a life of his own, and even happier to have the freedom he’s always wanted. Dean just never expected that hunting would be part of Sam’s freedom. If you had asked Dean ten years ago, he would’ve told you that Sammy would have been the one to leave the life, not himself. Life doesn’t ever work out the way you think it will, Dean supposes.
Cas shakes his head quickly. “No! I mean, yes. Yes, movie night.” Cas fumbles over his words and he curses himself internally for it. He doesn’t even know how to be normal around Dean anymore, so this is going to go so,
Cas still has somewhat of a wild look in his eyes. “Dean, that was — I — I…” he trails off and presses one hand against one of Dean’s pecs, and then his eyes trail down Dean’s body and all the way back up. He looks like his mouth hasn’t quite caught up to his brain. “I enjoyed that. Very much,” he admits, somewhat like a confession.
All of this is why he’s surprised when there’s a gentle knock at his door, and a small voice on the other side that says, “Dean?”
Dean shrugs. “Figured we’d just kill what’s left of my beer and watch some TV. Could work on some homework, if you wanna be lame.”
Dean wakes up to someone pounding on the door.
this? Usually, Dean's cooking for himself and Sammy, and Cas doesn't care for coffee as an angel, but still. He turns around and leans against the counter to look at Cas, who looks lost in thought.
It takes all of his willpower not to shatter his phone to pieces. Cas takes his hand and wraps it around Dean’s where it still holds his phone, leaning his head onto Dean’s shoulder. “Call her back,” he says. “Try again.”
“Yeah,” she says quietly, shoving around some bits of pancake on her plate that have soaked up too much syrup and gone cold long ago. “Castiel, can we have a minute?” she asks.
Charlie doesn’t say anything, but sometimes she forgets how phone calls work, and Dean can picture her nodding her head. “Right. Okay. Thank you for telling me, Dean. I’ll let everyone else know.”
Cas nods and lets out a groan as he gets out of bed. He can hold himself up and walk today, but he’s still sore all over. He just wants to be back in his bed the second he’s up.
be safe,” Mary says, her arms wrapped around Dean and her head on his shoulder.
Cas feels his heart drop into his stomach. Angels don’t eat, so as a result, they also don't puke. This doesn’t stop Cas from feeling like he’s about to.
They get in the car, and they drive. Dean feels at peace for the first time in a very, very long time.
Dean walks out of the bathroom to see Sam eating his food at the table in the small kitchenette, looking smug. “Shut the hell up,” he says to Sam, pointing a finger.
The kiss is achingly tender, and Cas handles him as if he’s about to break. Dean figures it’s probably deserved, because he
be able to exorcise demons,” Cas explains.
to sleep with them, and he even kinda likes it sometimes, but it’s just to keep up appearances more than anything. He could never, not in a million years, see himself having an emotional relationship with anyone that wasn’t a man.
Dean’s useless to do anything but lie there and take it. He’s a boneless mess of limbs, and Cas hasn’t even gotten either of them naked yet. It’s always been in his nature to let his partner take the lead, usually for their comfort instead of his own. He finds that it’s different with Cas. He lets Cas take the lead because he
maybe Dean should just shut his mouth and enjoy himself every once in a while, because the
Dean thinks bitterly.
“Yeah,” he replies. “Love you,” he adds, but Cas is already asleep. Dean will have to make a point to tell him extra tomorrow to make up for it.
"No, I just-" Sam sighs and wipes the water off his face, "I actually came busting into your room early this morning to tell you. You were actually asleep for the first time in a while, and you looked peaceful," he shrugs. "I figured I would let you get some sleep first, that's all. Cas promised he wouldn't go anywhere, and we both wanted you to get some real shut-eye."
Bobby and Ellen even drop by with Jo to drop off a few presents.
“You promise?” Dean asks.
“Right. Any way I could have a name? Some coordinates?”
they’re warm. Cas just smiles at him, holding Dean’s hands between his palms.
to touch Dean. And if Dean manages to touch him, Cas jumps away like he's been burnt.
That night, Dean finds himself checked into a motel room on top of Cas, who’s buried inside him like it’s where he belongs.
Cas nods his head. “Yeah, of course. Protein shakes and powders, things like that. I’m perfectly healthy, Dean. But I appreciate you worrying about me. It’s sweet,” he says, squeezing Dean’s knee. “The pizza
Cas takes that as his cue to roll on top of Dean, to which Dean responds by spreading his legs so Cas can fit easily between them. Dean lets his hands explore the expanses of Cas’ back and his broad shoulders, eventually trailing down to his ass to grind their hips together.
be gone. It really should be. But even though Cas is back, Dean still feels the sting of losing him. Something like that doesn't just magically go away. It isn't supposed to. Greif isn't a feeling that's made to disappear. Losses like this one stick with you forever. They grow duller over time, less noticeable, but Dean knows that even though Cas is back, this is a weight he'll carry for a while.
The first time, they're on a case. Some cut and dry salt-and-burn in rural Missouri. It's Cas' first case since becoming human. They pull into the only motel in the town, and book a room for the night. Only problem is, they only have singles left. Well, whatever. He can do this, right? He's shared beds with Sammy before when this has happened. Sam's a kicker, so Dean just hopes that Cas isn't.
Dean nods. As far as keeping Sam safe goes, he guesses that’s a pretty good way to do it. “Okay,” he says. “But
As it turns out, Anna’s already made breakfast. They sit and eat together, Cas and Anna trading meaningful looks while Anna eats her food and Cas sips at his coffee and picks at Dean’s scraps.
He snaps out of it when Cas pulls him back down, and Dean lets out a soft 'oof' as his head hits his pillow again. Their faces are close now, and Dean lets himself smile. He lets himself find comfort in Cas' sleepy gaze, but his cheeks are warming up again as he notices Cas' gaze flicker down to his dick, which had conveniently perked up with interest at his fantasies of washing his car with Cas.
They’ve got eternity to work out the kinks. They have that privilege now; they don’t have to run anymore. They don’t have to run from monsters, from cosmic fucking entities; they don’t have to run from
Cas hears him sniffle, and his heart crumbles to pieces. He doesn’t know how to get around this. When Sam and Rowena reverse the spell, Cas has no idea if Dean will remember any of this. He might. He might remember every second of it, he’ll be embarrassed, and he’ll remember all of the reasons he truly
deliciously. “You can ask for more, when you’re ready. I told you, I’ll give you anything if you just ask for it.” He crooks his fingers as he speaks.
The air in the room feels thin, like he can't get enough in his lungs. Like someone has sucked all the oxygen straight out of the universe. The bed isn't even a Queen, it's a fucking
Dean snaps. He obviously isn’t very educated on these things quite yet, but he knows that a demon deal can’t mean anything good. Clearly, it doesn’t, if his brother ended up with demon blood running through his veins because of whatever deal his mother made.
he looks. Dean really wants to just scoop him up and put him in his pocket for safekeeping. \
he still believes. He’ll never be enough for Cas, he’ll never truly be able to give him what he deserves, but when the love of your life dies right in front of your eyes and you’re stuck taking care of his kid, that notion sort of flies out the window. Since the moment Cas left him, all Dean wanted was to have him back, to tell him for real, right to his face how much he’s loved. Even if he’s incapable of loving Cas the way he deserves, he has to try. He owes it to both of them to
“My name is… My name… is Dean Wi— Dean. My name is Dean. Sam is my brother. Cas is my… Cas. Cas saved me from hell.
Cas just nods. Dean steps back and peels his shirt off his skin and over his head, only breaking eye contact when the shirt comes over his head. He stares right into Cas as he fumbles with the button of his shorts, and unzips them slowly. He peels them off, too, and lets them pool at his ankles. Then, he's just standing in front of Cas in nothing but his boxers, which aren't hiding much at
Cas blinks his eyes open and frowns up at Dean where he hovers above him. He groans and turns over onto his stomach, burying his face in a pillow.
want Cas to come.
Dean starts the car as soon as he sees Sam walking toward it, and Baby roars to life beneath him. Just the sound of her begins to put him to ease, his anxiety seeping out slowly as she rumbles all around him. Once Sam and Cas are situated - Sam riding shotgun, Cas in the back - Dean puts Baby into gear and they roll out of the garage, leaving dust behind them as the bunker fades into the distance.
They’d bought a watering can and a couple of jugs of water at the place, since it isn't supposed to rain for a few days. Dean doesn’t want the flowers to die before they even get a chance to grow. Dean thinks that there’s probably some sort of parallel in that to his relationship with Cas, but he’s not going to let it happen. He couldn’t care for and nurture his relationship with Cas, because he’d been taken. What he
“Where’s Jack?” Cas asks, and Dean tenses up then, as well. Of course, Jesus. Of course Cas would wanna know what happened to the kid, he
“A little,” Cas admits. “But I wish we hadn’t waited so long to do that. You were… so good, Dean. You were fantastic,” he breathes.
Dean chuckles at him, scratches at the back of his neck again. He’s hyper aware of all his own motions around Cas already, and he’s noticed he seems to be doing it a lot. Is it a fucking nervous tick? Does he have nervous ticks now? Whatever. Jesus,
watching him, so Dean makes sure to give him a little show for his trouble.
“I wrapped you in my arms,” he tightens his grip another fraction, “and I shielded you from Hellfire with my wings, You writhed in my arms, trying to get away,  You kept telling me you didn’t deserve it, that I should just drop you right back where I found you. Instead, I flew you straight up to Heaven and I began to rebuild you. Piece by piece, I stitched your soul together again. Your body too, Dean.” He drops a kiss to Dean’s forehead, “Body and soul, you are beautiful.”
Dean clicks his tongue once, but doesn’t say anything. Cas can hear him shuffling around, but he refuses to turn his gaze to Dean. Having him see Castiel in this state is more than enough embarrassment to last the rest of his now objectively shorter human life. He doesn’t want to look Dean in the eye, not like this. Not right now.
“About a day,” Cas admits. “We weren’t sure why you wouldn’t wake up. Anna refused to leave the room until she was sure you weren’t going to die. After she healed you, physically, you were fine. We were starting to think maybe Lucifer did something to you, but you were probably just stressed,” he explains.
doesn’t change him so much that he’s incapable of giving that back to Cas someday, in a decade, maybe two. Dean doesn’t give a shit how long it takes him to get there — only that he does, eventually.
He sees Cas there, standing at the counter and cracking an egg into a pan. There’s a pile of bacon that looks way too big to be for only two people — Cas truly does know him well. He closes the door behind himself as quietly as he can so he can try and sneak up on Cas, surprise him from behind, but without even looking up from the eggs he’s cooking, Cas says “Did you sleep alright?”
“So Dean told you.”
Well, Dean’s still pissed. He still hasn’t said a word to anybody, hasn’t said a damn thing since he lost Cas. Doesn’t really plan on it, either. It hadn’t been a conscious choice at first, no, but it certainly is now.
make jokes about that, Dean. I didn’t go through all of this just to lose you to
“Yeah? What’re you gonna do? Think you can take me?” his daddy taunts, and Dean holds his breath.
home, mind you, one that swallows him whole. It's infested with all sorts of spirits and poltergeists of his past, but it's a home nonetheless. He doesn't even know why he has it on all these years later. His father is long gone. He's grown into the jacket a little bit more since he was 26, it was only natural. It still engulfs him.
Dean walks out of the bathroom to see Sam eating his food at the table in the small kitchenette, looking smug. “Shut the hell up,” he says to Sam, pointing a finger.
Dean tries his best to breathe deeply, but his breath keeps getting caught in his throat. “Fuck,” he gasps. “Sorry, Cas. So sorry,” he sobs, anchoring himself by placing both hands on Cas’ shoulders.
Dean rolls his eyes but he leans into Garth anyway. He’d been a little put-off by Garth’s affection when they first met, but he’s grown accustomed to it, and he’d never admit it, but he even likes it sometimes. He doesn’t have a lot of guy friends, and the ones he does have aren't affectionate in the way Garth always has been. Garth wouldn’t be, well,
He makes his way back into the kitchen, letting his hand ghost across Cas’ lower back as he slides behind him to get a good look at the dessert table. There’s banana pudding, Cas’ three pies, and it looks like Garth made an entire cake and a bunch of matching cupcakes, all decorated with warm tones and fall colors. There are even some leaves on top of them, probably made out of fondant. “Looks good,” he comments, quiet enough that only Cas will hear.
“Dean, I’m sorry, there’s really no time to explain,” Cas excuses. He’s started walking toward Dean with one hand around Anna’s wrist, but Dean just backs away from him.
it’s good. It’s so good. It’s just like he’s always thought about it being, but it’s also better. He slides his lips over Cas’, and Dean feels like nothing else really matters. It doesn’t fucking
John asks.
he had not prepared himself for that. He sits and waits, picking at the skin on his fingernails. In the five minutes it takes Cas to change, he’s pretty sure he adjusts his beanie at least ten times, but it could’ve been more. He stopped counting.
Sam called around 11. “Happy Thanksgiving, Sam. Make it quick, I’ve got some to get the pie crust blind-baked here.”
Castiel felt his face grow warm. If Mr. Winchester was mentally addressing him by his first name, did that mean he felt they could become friends? “Cas is… acceptable,” he said, feeling awkward.
Castiel had significant doubts whether there was actual love and romance involved in this event. Not because dragonkind weren’t capable of loving humans. They could and did spend a great deal of time in human form, and were certainly capable of love and enjoying sexual congress in that form. No, his doubts were grounded in Lord Michael, and of what he knew about Bela Talbot.
“Gabriel.” Cas rolled his eyes.
“For so long, Cas. So, so long.”
“You… Dean.” Cas reached up to wipe away the tears forming at the corners of his eyes. He wasn’t embarrassed by them. This? This was a good, healthy emotion.
Gabe doesn’t look impressed. “How many times have you actually been able to pull one off over me?”
Winchester chuckled. “It’s afternoon, in any event. I will leave it to you to determine whether or not it’s good.” He came forward and seated himself without invitation in the chair opposite Castiel. “I know it’s late, but have you taken your lunch yet? I thought I could treat you, and you can tell me what you’ve found so far.”
Castiel looked up sharply. “What about him?”
Now that was a loaded question. Dean really, really, really didn’t want to make Cas uncomfortable. But he also didn’t want to be dishonest. So how did he phrase the answer in a way that wouldn’t set Cas on edge, at least not any more on edge than he already was?
“Yes. I am… upset. But the injuries are minor.”
“Do you have a favorite?”
Cas reaches around Dean to take one of the sliders, tasting it himself. “I agree,” he says. “Red pepper aioli is a bit much on these. The bison is good, though.”
“It might. The person I got it from believed it was vitally important. He paid for his belief. Look… I don’t know a lot about how translations work. Is it important to take it all in sequence? Could you, I don’t know, do just enough on each section to get a sense what it’s about, then bring that to me and I’ll tell you what to prioritize? I’ll double the payment. Time is important. I don’t have months.” He tapped his fingers on his thigh. “I may not even have weeks.”
“Dean. Please.”
“Sure. I’m Charlie Bradbury, and I’m in IT. Information Technology,” she clarified when she got a blank look from one of their other trainees. “I’m a programmer, though I can also deal with hardware problems fairly well. Personal trivia… hm. I love fantasy and RPGs. Role playing games. Online and live action, board games and computer games, you name it. I’m a geek girl and proud of it.”
Castiel smiled, a small half smile that seemed almost shy. He moved, bumped the table, making his beer bottle rock. His hand shot out to catch it, but instead of capturing it he knocked it over instead, spilling it directly into Dean’s lap.
The grocery store two days before Thanksgiving was a particularly cruel and inventive form of torture, Dean thought to himself as he narrowly avoided getting clipped by a shopping cart wielded by a wild-eyed suburban mom. “Son-of-a-b…”
“What?”
“And how often does that happen?”
That got an indelicate snort. “You’re still full of it, aren’t you. No. I’ll be looking for another job. It’s… well. You know Jerry Panowski?”
He couldn’t quite articulate the desire for a family that had recently been reignited in his heart, but nor would he ignore it. Additional bedrooms might never be used, but he couldn’t bear to rule out the possibility entirely.
He grinned. “How about a couple beers, and two bacon cheeseburgers? I’ve been talking them up. Unless you want something else?”
“So. There are some areas I’d recommend a more thorough inspection by a specialist, mostly the electric and plumbing I mentioned earlier. The electric is inadequate for a house this size, especially if you want to be running any modern appliances. Most of the outlets aren’t grounded, and the bathrooms don’t have the proper GFCI. Good news is that the structure is solid and sound. You don’t need to do any large scale overhauls on the foundation -- which is good, because that gets very expensive very fast.”
The book was clearly old, its leather bindings cracked in places, crumbling in others. He carefully, oh so carefully, opened the cover to reveal the pages within, each hand cut, the edges beautifully deckled, the text written in pen and ink.
“Well, no. But it’s what I do. I make coffee, I drink coffee. It’s something to do with my hands.”
“Something like that, yeah.” It had taken him a few years after Dad’s death to admit his bisexuality even to himself, but it had also been a few years since he’d told Sam and a few others he was close to. Sam honestly didn’t care at all. Intellectually Dean had been certain he wouldn’t, but it still had been a terrifying thing to admit to. Bobby and Ellen didn’t exactly have a problem with it, but it took them a little longer to decide it was a non-issue.
“Not just yet, thank you.”
“Told you she was important to us,” Dean reminded him. “So yeah. Named after our two moms. Big shoes to fill, hm, Peanut? But don’t you worry about that. You are who you are, and that’s more than enough.” He bounced her against his shoulder, patting her back and brushing a kiss against her head.
She bit her lower lip, then nodded. “Yeah. Okay. I’ve got your back.”
Even if Dean was open to a same sex relationship, it didn't matter. Cas himself had sworn off of relationships.
Working silently and efficiently, Dean loaded the corpse into the cart, and they took the most direct route to the beach.
He holds the beer out to Cas by the neck, waiting until Cas takes it, avoiding looking at him.
Castiel jerked his head up, eyes wide in startlement.
“Yay!” Emma exclaimed, jumping up and down and hugging Claire. Claire patted her arm in a gesture that looked almost ridiculously mature coming from a five-year-old with big eyes.
That? That was breathtaking.
He swallowed hard. This is a mistake. This whole idea is a huge, colossal mistake.
Castiel hugged him back, holding him close. The giddiness he felt was foreign. He hadn’t felt anything like this since, since Alfie. He bent his head, resting his forehead in the crook between Dean’s neck and his shoulder. Inhaling, he could smell the uniquely spice and leather scent of the man, the salt tang of the ocean fading into the distance.
Things he wanted to know. This bit, though, left Dean breathless.
“Yeah, well, almost doesn’t get the job done. I’m good.” He moved back towards his sofa. “Sorry, gotta sit. I can move around, but it’s hard, and I’m supposed to still take it easy.” He lowered himself into the cushions, then patted the arm of the chair beside him.
“Come on, then.” Bobby led the way into the salvage yard, to the section where he kept the vehicles that were better repaired than scrapped for parts. There weren’t that many at any given time. Around Caroline people tended to drive their cars until they weren’t worth fixing even for someone like Bobby Singer, but there were exceptions.
“Very well.” He closed the book he’d been reading and stood, reaching for his coat and scarf. “But I will hold you to the ‘quick’ part.”
“Awesome. We’ll find you a great set of wheels. Something with personality. It’ll be great.”
Cas quirked a smile at that. “I have little doubt she will be a formidable opponent once she understands that game pieces are to be moved on the board, not chewed on.”
He hadn’t really believed that kind of thing happened in real life. Not to him. That? That was something that happened other places. To other people. Not here. Not to him.
“So if you think you’re going to be sticking around for a while, maybe I’ll look there. I don’t want to live with you again, but it wouldn’t be so bad to be close enough to have a beer together every week, and go to the occasional wrestling match together, you know?”
“Well this fucking sucks. I sure as hell didn’t seek any sexual favors from Bela Talbot. She’s… fuck. I wouldn’t. There’s only one person in this company that I’ve ever wanted to sleep with, and you can certainly attest that I’ve never once made a move on you despite ample opportunities, because I
Cas reflexively wrapped his arms around her, holding her against his chest. The painful swelling emotions soothed and softened as her warmth and baby powder scent took hold. She made a little snuffling sound and looked up at him, blinking twice with her big blue eyes, studying him for a long moment. Then she apparently decided she was okay with this, and brought her fist up to her mouth as she relaxed against him.
Dean must know everything there is to know about both architecture and bees by this point. It’s a wonder he still listens, rather than just walking away the moment Cas opens his mouth about them. He does listen, though, and quite intently. He even asks questions, sometimes thought-provoking questions that Cas doesn’t know the answers for.
Heaving a sigh of regret he settled back in his chair. He could just write a quick note, but what would he say? It wouldn’t communicate his genuine regret.
Two dragons twined about each other in the sunset sky, gold and red sinuous necks twisted about one another, tails wrapped in a perfect interlace knot. Their scales glittered metallic in the lowering sun, limned in the fading light. Grace and power was defined by the tension of muscles, the exhilaration of freefall, wings tucked just so, ready to snap out and catch the air at the critical moment. The ground was so far below that it was little but a vague indistinct haze of color. The image was vibrant, glowing, intense.
They slipped out the door and walked around to the rear of the cottage, following the narrow pathway down to the shore. Castiel set a candleholder with a candle in it on the ground, then opened the book to the correct page. It was early in the journal, when the author was first starting to experiment with magic. That too argued in favor of it being a good place to start.
Castiel turned to look at him, arching a brow in question.
Cas blinked twice, letting his eyes become adjusted to the inside lighting. The decor itself was nothing particularly noteworthy. It was a typical bar interior, dark bar with a worn, scratched and gouged surface, a few stools up against the bar, some tables and chairs out in the common area. He could smell the scent of a fryer and food in the back. There weren’t many people here, thankfully. Three patrons, two together, a third bellied up to the bar. A woman of middle years with long hair and a towel slung over her shoulder worked behind the bar, looked up when they entered. Made eye contact with Dean, her expression softening. Dean waved to her.
Cas nodded. He lifted his gaze, meeting Dean’s. “I like you, Dean. When we met at the bar, if the timing hadn’t been terrible, I would have liked to have pursued something with you. I perhaps would have withheld my true nature for some time, had circumstances not forced my hand. It is not the easiest thing to tell another, particularly not someone that I find very attractive.”
Cas jumps and looks sharply at Dean, but after a moment he nods slightly to himself and squeezes back.
Monday morning, Castiel carefully packed the book back into his satchel before heading back to his office at the museum. He was lost in thought as he travelled the short distance between his home and the museum. He’d walked this path hundreds if not thousands of times before; he’d often made it back and forth without consciously recalling a single step or turn.
Alone in his apartment that evening, Dean sat on the couch with the TV playing a rerun of Dr. Sexy. His stomach was vaguely unsettled, though he knew it had nothing to do with anything he’d eaten. It wasn’t illness related, either.
“Well, a place like this would give you plenty of peace and quiet for working on your books,” Sam observed. “And a few options for where to set up your office, too.”
“Hey babe,” Jess said, coming in and going up on her toes to press a quick kiss to her husband’s lips. “How’d the meeting go?”
“Whether you like it or not, it’s still a lot of work. That panel you did for us is the showpiece of the kitchen. And then there’s the one you did for Ellen, and for Bobby. Hm. Am I sensing a theme here?”
“Fair enough,” Charlie said. “Eowyn kicks ass, and I appreciate that immensely. This movie is seriously lacking in kick-ass female characters, but she makes up for a lot. Aside from the hopeless mooning over Aragorn.”
“I was planning to come along with whichever avenue you chose. If you were specifically targeted, you do need to be watched.” Dean’s tone was gentle, almost apologetic.
“Did you find out anything about this Adler dude?”
It wasn’t fair that he had such a stunning smile. Every damned time, Dean’s grin sucked the breath right out of Cas’ lungs.
There was a time, it must have been three years ago now, when the two of them stayed up late watching a movie together, both sitting on the sofa because it had the best viewing angle for the television. Dean had dozed off, his head dropping until it rested against Cas’ shoulder.
“I know it distresses you to leave the office like this, but there may be clues about who did this. Cleaning it up immediately might disturb the evidence. You should just lock it up for now, and I’ll ask around, see what I can learn. But first, we should go back to your cottage, make sure whoever did this hasn’t headed there now that you’ve left for work.”
Chuck turns towards him. “Yes, of course. You’re different in a lot of ways, but you have the important things in common. You’re both intensely loyal. Once you decide you care for someone, that’s it. You have very similar senses of humor, though you express it differently. But more than anything else, you adore each other. Anyone can see it. You already know you can get along living together, too. That’s a plus.”
“Cas, you rebel, you,” Dean said, grinning in appreciation and approval. “All the while neglecting to share the specifics with the fam?”
Thankfully the rental isn’t a subcompact. “Don’t be foolish, Dean, we’re both tall enough that a subcompact would be a painful experience, no matter how economical. I do temper my eco-friendly choices with a certain amount of common sense and practicality.”
Dean nods his head. Of course it isn’t. He’s Dean Winchester, when has anything ever been easy for him? He stands up, and Anna mirrors him. “Should we tell Charlie? Garth? I don’t want to keep them in the dark about this.”
it if he listens close enough.
Dean looks at him incredulously. “What? No. You were just playing a stupid game,” he lies. Well, it’s not really a lie, Cas
Cas walks through the door less than five minutes later holding a to-go bag from Waffle House. Dean beams at him. “Dude, you got me
any longer, which is something Dean’s going to thank Jack for every day for the rest of his Heavenly lifespan.
Dean feels like
Cas' cheeks bloom red, and it spreads all the way down his neck and probably even his chest. Dean wonders why that has Cas so flustered, but again, he isn't gonna pry.
Dean never thought himself to be completely transparent, but apparently he is, because the next words out of Cas’ mouth are only more confirmation that he doesn’t want this from Dean. This has become an entirely selfish act, now. Dean’s only doing this for himself, because Cas says, “Dean. Stop. Please, stop,” and he sounds broken when he says it. He sounds like this is the worst thing Dean’s ever done to him. Dean thinks he’s probably right. He’s a dick, and a selfish one at that, but they’d established that over a decade ago. Cas knows that about him by now.
Dean turns bashful after a few moments. “I know that you said in your dream that… that I... m-made love… to you. But I was wondering if maybe, you… wanted to…” He trails off, falters on certain words like they don’t quite fit in his mouth, like he wasn’t made to say them. Except, he was. He is. Cas knows what he’s asking, anyways. He knows Dean like no one else ever has.
— that’s kind of fucking fantastic. Cas licks into his open mouth, and Dean can’t hold back the groan that erupts from somewhere deep inside himself. He maneuvers so he’s on top of Cas, straddling his waist without even breaking the kiss. He’s a little proud of himself for that one. “Dean,” Cas whispers. “Dean.” Again, like it’s — like just his
Dean swallows, and his own saliva feels like molasses down his throat. He nods slowly. “So… you’re just… going to Hell?” he asks. “Are you taking anybody with you?”
Damn, kid. Way to knock the wind out of a guy. Dean slides down the wall outside Jack’s room, and he starts to let the tears fall. He’s a pretty damn good silent crier — he’d perfected it at a very young age. Sharing motel rooms with your father and your brother who are trying to sleep will do that to you. He sits, and he listens to the remnants of Jack’s goodbye prayer, and he starts one himself.
They’re all shouting, trying to talk over each other,
and I would do it all over again.”
just to talk. He tries to swallow some of the saliva in his mouth to talk again, but that hurts too. It almost hurts even worse.
“She’s working on the spells,” Cas explains, but Dean figured that’s what she was doing anyway. He nods, and he sits down at the kitchen table. “I’m gonna make you something light,” Cas says, “you haven’t eaten in over twenty four hours. You need to take it easy.”
mom!” he complains. She should’ve protected Sammy from this. She should’ve shielded him from this world for as long as she could’ve.
Yeah, no way in hell was Dean letting her slip through their fingers. She needed a place to grow into herself, and Dean and Cas could give that to her.
Dean certainly hadn’t expected to fall head-over-heels, hopelessly in love with the creature that walked into a ramshackle barn plastered with every single type of sigil he’d ever come across. But here he lays in bed next to his fallen angel, in their shared bed, in their shared home.
Cas kisses him back now, pressing him backwards into the Impala. The metal is cold against Dean's skin, but he feels like he's on fire. Like he might just burn right up and turn to ash right there in Cas' arms.
With that, he swings his legs off of Cas' and stands from the couch. He can feel Cas' gaze on him through the back of his head as he wordlessly turns off the TV and walks out of the room, down the hall, to his bed. He locks the door, just to be sure Cas can't follow him in.
Cas’ voice is usually so deep, gravelly. But like this? All of his noises are pinched off and high-pitched, and Dean can’t get enough of it. “Can’t wait to get you back home,” he says against Cas’ cock, squeezing the base of it. “Gonna ride you. Nice and slow. You’re gonna make so many pretty noises for me, aren’t you?” he whispers.
"Please, Dean. I can take it, please, I want you inside me. I want to feel you, Dean. Please." Cas is babbling and begging, and Dean is proud of himself because he hasn't even put his dick in Cas yet but he has absolutely
Dean wakes up alone just a few hours later, and his instant reaction is panic. He tunes his ears in to listen for the creaking of shitty motel room water pipes, but he’s only met with the faint noises from the room on the other side of his wall and cars passing on the street outside. His heart is racing when he sits up, and his first thought is that he should just call Cas, see what he’s up to, but — the guy came here with some insane brick-phone that’s completely flat and made of glass and utterly fucking
fills his room.
He’s curled up on Cas’ chest, much like most mornings over the last few weeks. Cas’ hand is carding through his hair, gently pulling him from sleep in the most pleasant manner he can manage. Dean doesn’t ever appreciate being woken up, but he knows it has to happen at some point, and this is a pretty damn good thing to wake up to.
“Iran,” Cas says instantly, which makes Dean chuckle. If Dean cared at all about playing along himself, he’d probably hate Cas a little.
All in all, Purgatory isn’t
Dean reaches out to run a hand through Cas’ hair. There’s nothing left that he can say. He leans forward to press his lips against Cas’ temple. “We’ll figure something out, Cas. You’ll be alright,” he says softly. “We both will.”
Dean has never had anyone in his life be this undeniably devoted to him. His heart swells and he nods. He moves slowly and gently as he flips them over. He taps the inside of Cas' thigh, a silent signal to spread his legs. Cas obeys quickly enough, and Dean settles in between them as he hovers over Cas. He looks down at him and he feels like he could cry. He's heard Cas tell him he deserves this, but he still can't believe it. There are parts of his brain that think maybe this has all been an insanely long, realistic dream. But he knows, deep in his heart, that Cas is here. Castiel, Angel of the Lord is here beneath him, and is in love with him.
Cas has one last thought before he drifts off to sleep, wrapped around Dean.
Anna gives him a shrug, accompanied by an exasperated sigh. “I wish I knew, Dean. When I fell, I’m sure my grace did, as well. It’s somewhere. I just don’t know where. If I could get it back, become a full angel again, we might stand a chance. Maybe. It would be us and Cas against all of Heaven, Dean. The chances aren’t great.”
Dean takes both of Cas’ wrists in his hands now, looking at him. There’s something behind his eyes that Cas hasn’t ever seen before, or maybe he’s just never let himself see it. His hands freeze, his whole body freezes as Dean looks at him, looks
Either Cas doesn’t notice or he pretends not to, and he flashes Dean a smile. “Of course, Dean. Anna, Charlie, Garth, it was very nice to meet all of you. I guess I’ll be seeing you on Saturday?” he says, and he reaches across to shake all of their hands as he says their names. This dude is so fucking
“Hey guys,” Dean croaks, and he notes that there’s no ache in his jaw. He doesn’t hurt at all, actually, anywhere. He’d been expecting a headache, at least. “What's with the watch party?”
Dean swallows. Is Cas
Eventually, the silence is broken by Sam tapping on the driver’s side window. It makes Dean jump, and Cas soothes him by holding tighter to his hand and shushing him gently. He takes his hand from atop Dean’s where it lays in his lap and cranks the window down so that he can hear Sam.
Dean sighs and nods. He's nervous about telling Sammy. Granted, he probably never forgot walking in on Dean with his tongue in another dude's mouth. Still. "Cas, this is easy right now because of this happy little bubble we have," he starts, "But I can't promise it'll always come this easy to me. I love you, and that won't change. Ever. But I-" and then the toast pops out of the toaster, and if Dean had been wearing socks, he would've just jumped straight out of them.
and Cas would smile if his mouth wasn’t full of Dean Winchester.
Cas is whining and squirming and pleading by the time Dean has him ready. “Dean,” Cas is gasping, “You — I need — now. Please.”
But he knows he can’t. He knows that all he can have is what he’s got right now, and that only the next two weeks with Cas are promised. Everything after that is just borrowed time, so he has to savor this. Every single second of it.
Anna quirks her head. “Know what?”
Star Trek, but it isn’t. Dean groans when he realizes that, Jesus
love. And it always will be.
“You should’ve. I was open to it, at the time. I still am, back in your time, if I remember correctly.”
of years,
“Yeah, sweetheart. I know. Sh,” Dean says against his lips, diving back in for more. His hands frame Cas’ face, while Cas’ hands slip beneath his shirt to hold him by the waist. “You— God, Cas. You’re gonna have to tell me to stop if you wanna stop. I will. But you’re gonna have to tell me,” he says, rolling his hips down. “Been thinking about this since I caught you staring at me in Art History,” he groans, and Cas nods.
he reminds himself,
“Uh, thanks, Dean. That means a lot,” Sam says quietly — painfully earnest in the way only he can be. “And dad?” he asks, and there’s a hesitance in his tone that wasn’t there before.
"More than okay, Dean. You were... perfect. So attentive, so caring," Cas is pressing his face into Dean's neck as he speaks, and Dean is running one hand up and down Cas' spine. He smiles when goosebumps raise as his fingers drag over Cas' skin.
don’t you?”
Dean smiles at them as he watches for a few seconds, before walking over to the passenger side to open Sam’s door. “Scoot,” he says, “You’re drivin’.”
It all comes to a head when he and Cas are doing research for a case, and Sam leaves the Bunker for some fresh air and to get food. Dean walks behind Cas after grabbing a beer from the fridge, and touches his shoulder because he forgot for a second that Cas is fucking allergic to him now, or something.
“I’ll watch over you.”
He snaps his head to the side and removes his hand from where it’s tangled in Cas’ hair. They’re still holding hands. Dean gives it one last squeeze before slowly and reluctantly letting go. “Breakfast?” he asks, and his voice cracks. They both pretend not to notice.
Cas giggles the whole way, and when Dean crawls up his body to straddle his hips, he’s beaming. “I love you,” Cas says from beneath him. “You’re all I ever wanted.”
"Sorry, angel," Dean's shocked at how easily the nickname rolls off his tongue, "Thought I needed some alone time. If it's any consolation, I was wrong."
Cas just blinks up at him and stays still. He’ll take that as a
Cas clears his throat, “Would you like another story?” he asks.
Cas turns back to him, motioning for him to follow. Dean stands and walks over to him, staring behind him at the nurse until she’s out of his line of sight. “What did you say to her? She looks like she’s about to puke, dude.”
Dean finally breaks his concentration, clearing his throat and opening his mouth. “I remember—” he says, rubbing his palms over his thighs again. Cas is sure his face goes sickly pale, because Dean’s eyes go wide. He lets out a nervous chuckle and shakes his head, “Dude, what? Did you tell me all your secret dirty fantasies or something?” he asks, elbowing Cas in the side. If only Dean knew how close he really had guessed. “No, man. I just remember some of the stuff about you saving me from Hell,” he admits, and Cas slowly turns to face him completely.
“Yeah, sweetheart?” he says, just as gently. He crouches down next to the toilet so that Cas is looking down at him.
Cas smiles. “I told you,” he says. “Brooke is more powerful than I ever knew. There’s a spell,” he says, “that can trap an entity in place for anywhere from thirty seconds to a minute. Brooke thinks she can rework it to fit angels. If we can expel Michael and Lucifer from their vessels, work the spell on their
get to do it forever.
Dean’s pretty sure his heart just
Reluctantly, Cas says, “We need you, Rowena. Dean needs you.”
Fucking…
he hears, an addition that Dean hadn’t intended to let him in on. Not yet, at least, and Cas crumbles inwardly at the thought of never hearing Dean speak those words aloud.
that comes from living in a world without Cas. He was never really great at staying still, but it used to only apply in the broadest of terms. Driving his car across the country, thousands of miles of nothing but him, his car, and the open road. He used to need that, and that used to be enough. But now, being inside this body, trapped in it, he can’t physically make himself sit still. So, he bounces his leg.
he says, rolling his eyes.
Dean shushes him against his mouth and reaches his free hand up to tuck a few strands of hair behind Castiel’s ear. “It’s okay, Cas,” he whispers. “I’ve got you, I’m right here.”
“Dean!” Cas says, and Dean jolts awake. His whole body is sweaty and his heart is racing and he can’t see himself but he knows his eyes are wide.
“It’s not like you to turn down pie,” Cas notes, a frown on his face.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean nods his head, and he smiles back. He can’t help it. “Of course,” he says.
And, yeah, okay. Fair enough. Now or never, Winchester.
After he rinses Baby, the water is still running as he smirks and turns to look at Cas.
Dean angles himself in the passenger seat to look back at Cas with Jack. The kid’s awake now, staring up at his dad with those huge blues, his long lashes fluttering every time Cas taps him on the nose. Dean can hear him saying something, but he can’t make out the words. He thinks they might be Enochian, and he wonders if Jack can actually understand him.
squirm at this.
"Okay, Dean. But you know I'm here, right? And I would never judge you for anything you feel," Cas reassures him.
Cas sits patiently in the passenger seat. He probably knows Dean well enough by now that Dean won’t talk until he’s damn well ready, so he waits. He says nothing, just lets Dean crank the radio up as loud as he wants, listens to him sing off-key and watches him hit the steering wheel a couple of times out of pure frustration.
Dean takes him apart and puts him together again, like he's always done. And when they come together with Dean buried inside of him, Cas gasps Dean's name against his lips. That's perfect, too.
Cas raises his eyebrows at this, but he doesn’t comment on it. “Huh. Alright. Do you wanna watch something before we go? We still have,” he looks in the direction of the analog clock hanging up in his kitchen, “about an hour before we should leave.”
Dean almost chokes around his bite of almost-too-hot bacon, but he recovers quick enough. “Good. Yeah, good. Thanks for being cool about it,” he says, and then he stuffs his mouth some more to keep himself from saying anything even more stupid. “What happened after?” As if he really wants to know.
Dean swallows. He almost thinks that maybe he should pull over, because he feels a little bit like he might black out. “Where are you?” he asks. There’s nothing else to ask, nothing else to say. Wherever Cas is, he needs to get there.
The next thing that happens is he feels a hand on his shoulder. His head snaps up and it's Cas. Of course it's Cas. It's always been Cas.
on me," Cas huffs, rolling his eyes affectionately. He does, however, turn his head to the opposite wall once Dean is out of his jeans. Dean's a little bit grateful for that.
“There you are,” Cas soothes, trying to wipe the panic from his face and relax a little. Dean can see him fighting it. “You’re alright. You’re safe here,” he reminds Dean gently.
“Dean, in what world are you up earlier than I am?”
He steps out onto the dock and it creaks, but the person with their feet in the water doesn’t acknowledge him. He approaches slowly but makes sure to make some sound, just so the guy won’t be startled or anything. As he gets closer, the picture in his mind gets a little clearer. A guy in a bar, across the room, raising his hand and wiggling his fingers. “Aaron?” Dean says, and he kicks off his boots and peels his socks off. He rolls his jeans up to his knees and sits down next to him, dipping his feet into the water.
The next thing Dean hears is a loud
Dean dies, and it’s… well, it is what it is. As far as he figures, he got into Heaven, which is more than he ever expected. So, yeah. It is what it is. Bobby clues him in on the fact that Cas is roaming around up here somewhere, and that Sam should be along soon. Both of these things take a weight off his shoulders that he hadn’t been aware of before.
“I said I
I wish it wasn’t. I wish I didn’t have to burden you with this. I can—I can prove it, if that’s what you need. But Dean, I don’t think that’s what you need,” he says, turning his body to face Dean. He
“Your father’s death,” Cas finishes for him. If he had the energy, he’d probably be shocked. “Not exactly. It’s—Dean. This is… you’re not going to believe me. But please trust that I would never lie to you. Not willingly.”
Dean sighs, but he leans down to press his lips against Cas’ forehead. “You dumb son of a bitch,” he whispers, one hand pressed to the side of his face. “You could’ve
“Ready?” Dean asks him, bending down to kiss him sweetly.
ok so i said a few days but i lied. i whipped this up right after posting the last chapter. i can’t believe this is the end!!! i hope you enjoy <3
Now that he’s clean, Dean can see that most of the cuts have stopped bleeding, and the ones that haven’t are at a slow ooze that should stop with a little bandaging and some light compression.
“Never thought I could have this. That
is in his face. He still can’t. He tries to draw in a breath, but it’s shaky. His throat feels like it’s closing up. It’s like his lungs have forgotten that they’re supposed to function. His body has stopped drawing in oxygen, the air around him is thin. His vision is spotty, and he grabs at Cas’ wrists in a panic. He tries to find his eyes, but his vision is fading. “Cas,” he croaks, and hot tears start spilling down his cheeks. “Help.”
Now that he knows the full story, he’s itching to get back and watch over Cas. Over the last few months, Cas has done so much to keep him safe from all of this. He knows there’s not much he can do, but he wants to do whatever he can. Right now, all he can do is be there. That’s exactly what he plans on doing.
They eat their sandwiches in relative silence after that, glancing up from them every few seconds at each other. When they've finished, Dean picks up both of their plates and places them in the sink. He takes a deep breath in, and exhales slowly. He half expects Cas to be gone when he turns around, but there he is, staring at Dean with that look in his eyes that he still can't quite place.
Cas rubs her back with one hand and cradles her hair with the other. “I will,” he says back, and then he kisses the top of her head. “I always will.”
Bobby claps him on the back. “Come on. Let’s go, there’s nothing left to do but paperwork I can do tomorrow.”
He once sucked all of the creatures into this place inside himself. It’s only fitting that he spends the rest of his time alive inside it. It’s poetic, he’s sure, but he doesn’t like to think of it that way. He doesn’t like to think of it at all.
big of a deal. He’s lucky enough to know his mom won’t shun him for it. She raised him and Sam to believe that people can love who they want, and that gender doesn’t really matter. She’s made it clear since he was a very young age that she doesn’t care who her boys love, as long as they’re safe and happy.
more than likely looking for us,” Cas says. “I’ve protected myself, no angel can find me.” He presses his hand to the center of Dean’s sternum, and Dean feels that flash of tingly heat surge through him again. “Now, they can’t find you, either. You probably didn’t notice the sigils in the living room when we arrived, you were disoriented. They keep the other angels from being able to find us or hear us,” he says.
He pulls out the sweatpants he had planned on sleeping in himself, a t-shirt, and he debates grabbing a pair of his own boxers to give to Cas for a long moment before he decides to grab a pair. He had packed extras anyways, Cas can borrow a pair for tonight.
“Never lettin’ me live that one down, huh?” Dean asks, and he slides his hand down from Cas’ waist to his hip.
you. But all you do is disappoint me.”
They’re doing well. They’re doing great, actually.
"Dean, it's not that bad. You probably wouldn't even be able to tell the difference," Sam retorts. Cas rolls his eyes fondly,
Dean meets his eyes and he shrugs. “Just wondered, I guess.” Cas gets the feeling that’s not the whole truth, but he’s not going to push Dean tonight. He hasn’t even said the words ‘I love you,’ but Cas isn’t going to pry. He’s not going to ask Dean to do anything he isn’t ready for.
His heart races as he slides one hand between Cas' cheek and his shoulder so that he can get up and turn off the TV, and maybe coax Cas to bed. Cas wakes up, though, as soon as Dean stands up. Dean still hasn't dropped Cas' face out of his hand, so Cas is just looking at him with bleary eyes while Dean cups his cheek. Fuck.
“Boys!” Missouri calls from the kitchen, “Dinner!”
“Yeah. That’s -- I mean, God’s kind of my step-son,” Dean explains, and Aaron turns to look at him like he’s insane. Maybe he is, a little. “Yeah, I know. His dad is -- he’s --” he searches for the words and comes up short. “His dad’s my -- Jesus. He’s my best friend,” he breathes, and he kicks his feet in the water. He splashes them both a little, but Aaron doesn’t seem to mind. “He helped out, too. From what I understand.”
Cas places a hand on his shoulder, and Dean’s eyes widen. He flicks his eyes over to where Cas is making contact with his upper bicep, skin-to-skin, and he almost feels like he’s on fire. “That’s very special, Dean, as long as it’s something that's meaningful to you and you enjoy it,” he says, squeezing Dean’s arm before letting his hand fall into his own lap.
Dean is sure he looks thoroughly fucked as he speaks, he can feel his own spit, wet on his chin. He hasn't stopped grinding his own hips into the bed, so if Cas hadn't noticed before, he definitely had now. "It's okay, Cas. Come for me," is what comes out of his mouth, which is fine. It's not like he has control over his brain or body or
Dean eats the rest of his sandwich in silence, his cheeks beet red the entire time. He's careful not to let any more of his sandwich get on his face, and even wipes his mouth with a napkin when he's done. Cas seems satisfied.
“You don’t even care about him,” Jack says, quiet again. This makes Dean’s head snap up, and he looks at the kid head-on for the first time in days. He’s red in the face and scowling like he wants to kill Dean with a snap of his fingers. “You didn’t even love him.”
“Uh, hey,” Sam says. “Are you alright?”
that it makes Dean’s heart clench.
Cas is alive, he made it back, and for once, he’s not going
He and Cas play footsie under the table until Sam comes back with food.
I didn’t even know that was possible.”
Cas reaches with his hand that isn’t currently grabbing Dean’s waist to shake Benny’s. “Castiel. Everybody calls me Cas, though.”
Once he’s dressed and settled into bed on the air mattress, he tosses and turns, trying to get comfortable. He’s sure it’s gotta be annoying for Cas, hearing him shuffle around. It’s confirmed when Cas huffs out a sigh. “Dean,” he says, “Just come to bed.”
“Well, if I were Dean, I would love Castiel back,” Dean states matter-of-factly.
and Dean gives a soft chuckle. He shoots it back, even though that’s not something they really say to each other, because he doesn’t want Sam to worry.
His stomach does something akin to a swoop. He doesn’t know what else to call it. It had never happened when he’d been an angel, but it happens often now. Daily.
Dean knows that Cas doesn’t quite grasp a lot of human concepts. Dean’s had to teach him a lot. But he’s fairly certain that Cas understands that dudes don’t just… hold hands and pull each others’ hair and kiss each others’ necks. But what if he isn't? What if Cas isn’t aware of all that stuff, and Dean is totally misreading the signals?
downstairs and they’re only walking across the hall.
The way that Cas had whispered in his ear that night in the shower how hot he looked, all covered in sweat and dirt with a hand wrapped around his cock hadn’t been half bad, either.
Dean’s not gay, but if he were… he’d be all over that.
Woah. Okay. That's. Hm. Dean doesn't exactly know what to do with that. He just shifts on his feet and coughs, his breath caught in his throat. What's he supposed to make of that? What is he supposed to
The next few hours consist of a lot of scrambling, a lot of groaning, and more than a few tears shed on just about everybody’s part. Dean thinks he even sees Bobby shed a few while he’s taping Sam’s wrist. They think it’s sprained.
“Yes?” Cas answers from the other side of the door. Probably hasn’t even realized he doesn’t have any clothes.
He tries again to force words out of his mouth, but his vocal cords have taken the day off, perhaps they’ve taken forever off. Maybe they’ve retired completely. Maybe he’ll never make another sound again.
“Better than good,” Castiel breathes. He starts to roll his hips to meet Dean’s thrusts, tries to get him to go faster. He should have known from the way Dean kisses that this wouldn’t work. Dean shushes him and stills his fingers inside of Cas, his knuckles pressed firmly against Castiel’s skin. He’s as deep as he can get with his fingers, and it’s only two, and Castiel feels so
Cas looks like he isn’t quite sure what to say to that. “My… condolences?” he settles on.
Dean figures. He's laying on his back in the darkness of his room, eyes wide open. His hands are folded under his head and he's breathing heavily. He's teetering on hyperventilation, actually, but he forces himself to breathe deep and slow before it gets too out of hand. Hot tears roll out of the corners of his eyes, dripping down into his ears. It's an uncomfortable sensation, but Dean can't bring himself to care enough to lay in a different position. If only his father could see him now. He scratches at his scalp and squeezes his eyes closed, willing the tears to come to a stop.
“Dean. I love you, and I respect you. But
and even though that clearly didn't happen here, he doesn't care. He's rushing John, shoving him backward until he hits a wall. Cas snarls at him, his mind full of the things that this man put his children through just for some stupid fucking revenge. Revenge that got him killed anyways. What was it all for, then? How could John ever do that? They were
Dean spreads his legs wider so he can wrap them around Cas’ waist, bringing him impossibly deeper. Cas groans and buries his face into Dean’s neck. He knows this is going to be over sooner than either of them want it to be, but they both also know that this is only the first time, not at all the last.
He cracks one eye open and looks around -- nothing. “Dammit, Cas,” he whispers under his breath. “Get over here. I know you’re probably busy -- fuckin’ -- buildin’ Heaven or whatever but -- please. This is important. You wanna hear this one.”
Dean steadies himself and picks his phone up off the ground. "Can you get him in the car?"
He knows she’s not going to look at him any differently, and he even knows she’ll probably just be happy he told her. Happy that he trusts her. Which, he does. So he doesn’t understand why this is so hard.
Dean makes it a point the whole movie to reach into the bowl of popcorn at the same time Cas does. It’s not the only time he grabs a handful, that’d be too obvious. But he can’t help but notice that Cas is doing the exact same thing. Every time one of them reaches into the bowl, the other one always does at the same time.
come wake me up, if you thought I didn't know he was back? You didn't think
Sam’s soft snores fill the motel room. Cas hasn’t turned over from laying on his side, so he watches as dust particles dance in and out of the sliver of light that slices through the otherwise dark room.
“Dean,” Jack says again. “Castiel isn’t dead. You didn’t
It’s something they’ve started, ever since Friendsgiving. Never in public, never in front of people. But in quiet moments like this, when it’s just the two of them, Cas will frequently kiss the top of his head, his temple, his cheeks. Dean’s pretty sure he’d even felt Cas drop a kiss to his neck once when he had his head leaned on Dean’s shoulder. Dean’s eyes had been closed, and Cas had probably assumed he’d been asleep, but he’d felt it. He’d even enjoyed it.
Dean does his best to plaster the same smile onto his own face, and it only slips a little when he walks forward and loses the contact from Cas. He pulls Charlie into a hug, kissing the side of her head. “Good to see you,” he says. It’s the first time he’s seen her since they all left for break. Everything’s been so busy, and he doesn’t actually have any classes with Charlie this semester. Or Garth, for that matter. He has three with Cas, and he’s pretty sure he was supposed to have at least one with Anna, but this explains why he hasn’t seen her.
— please just let me stay here with you, don’t make me leave again, Dean, just let me stay here like this with you forever,
Just when he thinks it can’t get any better, the wings are moving, and he’s watching as Cas drags them up onto the bed. He feels the contrast of the rough drag of Cas’ fingernails and the soft, protective wings wrapping around his back. He buries his nose in Cas’ hair, grinding down on his lap. He’s squirming and whimpering and trying like hell to get Cas as close as he can, in every sense of the word.
"Fuck," He breathes into the dark, turning onto his side to will his brain to shut up and let him get some sleep. He's still wide awake, but he won't spare another thought for his father, not tonight. Instead, he thinks of Cas. How glad he was to have him back, to hug him. He was weirdly glad that Cas was human again. Cas was always his best friend, but when he was human, he was just so damn
“Dude, you’re not like, dying or something are you?” Sam asks, brows furrowed.
“You were watching me sleep?” Castiel asks him, but he’s smiling when he says it. Dean used to berate him for the exact same thing, telling him it was creepy and that he was crossing a line. Look how far they’ve come.
Dean ushers Sam off the bus and up to Bobby and Ellen’s door. “Hungry? Ellen said yesterday she’s making a casserole!” Dean says, holding Sam’s hand as they walk off the bus.
Castiel can see him sitting on the far corner of the tub. He won’t look, not directly, but he allows himself to focus his peripheral vision to see that Dean is wearing his pajamas. He can’t focus enough to tell which pair.
were even a thought in the minds of your grandparents, you were chosen. Your birth, Dean, it was a big deal,” he says. “I was… less involved, at the time, but I still knew of it. I was in… something akin to an angelic prison. I had disobeyed, and I had to be punished for it,” he says. His voice is shaky like Dean’s never heard it be.
“We figured it out,” Anna says. “We know how to free Sam and your mom from the cage. We also know how to keep Michael and Lucifer trapped.”
Cas nods back, and there’s a thick silence permeating the air aside from the noises that Rowena makes in order to perform the spell.
“Yeah, sweetheart?” Dean asks, his words muffled by his mouth pressed against the skin below Castiel’s ear. The affection seems to slip out of his mouth like it’s his second nature, and it makes Castiel wonder if he’s ever had to bite his tongue to keep something like that inside before. He reminds himself that, no, Dean’s probably just calling Castiel what he calls all the rest of his one night stands. Castiel isn’t sure he’ll ever get the chance to feel Dean’s touch in this way again, so he needs to bask in it while he can. This may only be the first time, but it’s likely that it will also be the last.
Dean turns and walks into his room, pulling out a spare blanket and one of his pillows. He grabs a pair of sweatpants and one of his t-shirts, figuring Cas won’t wanna sleep in his party get-up. He walks back out with his arms full, places the clothes on one arm of the couch and the pillow and blanket on the couch. “Here, in case you wanna change,” he says.
They both climb into bed, Cas in Dean’s childhood bed, and Dean the air mattress. He knows neither of them are asleep, it’s not even nine o’clock. He watches the minutes tick by on his digital clock, well aware that they’re just sitting in a dark, silent room together. He waits about an hour, until the clock hits 9:15. “Cas?” he asks, his voice hoarse.
Dean draws the bath and sits thigh-to-thigh with Cas on the ledge of the tub, still a little shaky and wary of letting go of him.
Dean nods and takes it from him. He sits back and folds his arms above his head, waiting to see what Cas is going to do. He looks like he genuinely has no idea, and it makes Cas
“That’s good, Cas,” Dean whispers against the inside of his knee. “Touch yourself. Make yourself feel good, angel.” He resumes his work, then, leaving Castiel to smear the wetness across the head of his own cock as he watches the man he’s given everything for worship his body as if it is the greatest privilege he’s ever been afforded. Castiel thinks to himself that no,
For a moment, Cas holds him just as tightly, burrowing his face into Dean’s neck. All at once, he goes completely rigid, causing Dean to loosen his grip and let Cas pull back. “Dean,” he whispers, his eyes trained on something over his shoulder. He’s probably seen Sam in the car or something, maybe wonders why he didn’t come to greet him, too.
Dean books them a room at the motel, the only room they have left. It's a double, but there's three of them, so someone will have to share. That can be sorted out later, though, because right now they need to regroup and talk about how they're going to tackle this. They have enough silver knives and lambs blood to go around, so they each have a blade to carry. That's a good start.
Cas smiles a little, “I love you, too,” he says quietly. “We’re gonna be okay.”
Cas tightens his grip around Dean and presses one leg closer to him, sliding one of his ankles between both of Dean’s. He takes the arm that’s trapped between Dean’s body and his own and rubs small circles right between his shoulder blades.
"Fuck," Dean whispers under his breath. He rubs his hand over his entire face and wills his eyes to stop stinging before marching right back to wrap his arms around Cas
They get to the car soon enough, making better time than Dean had when he’d been drunk. Dean slides into the car, happy to see that nothing had happened to her when he’s so recklessly left her in front of a fucking
Cas nods.
Sam flicks on a light, prompting Cas to pull the covers all the way over his head. He sighs, because he knows he’s going to have to get up sooner or later. He just has no interest in that. Just then, Dean shoves his shoulder. “Let’s get a move-on, pal. Up and at ‘em.” He pulls the covers all the way off of Cas, causing him to grumble, low and angry.
Cas laughs, and it makes Dean grin. It’s the first real laugh he’s pulled out of Cas yet, and it makes him feel a lot better than it should that he’s made Cas laugh when he only met the guy a little over half an hour ago. That doesn’t stop him, however, he’s damn proud of himself.
Cas snorts, “Pies? Like, more than one?” he asks. “It’ll just be the five of us, right? Do we need more than one pie?”
Dean's dick twitches with interest at the way Cas looks at him like he's
one room over, and his mother coming into his room moments later with Sammy, both of them with blood spatter on their faces.
Dean pulls him close and cradles Cas' head against his chest. "I know, Cas. Right back at you," He whispers, pressing a kiss to Cas' head. "Now, I have a car that needs washin', and it ain't gonna wash itself. Let's go."
They’ve seen each other nearly every day since Cas offered to help him study, and it never gets any easier. He’s always a nervous fucking wreck before they hang out, and all they do is
Dean whaps him on the head, frowning. “Shut up. Bitch.”
Dean’s Adam’s apple bobs up and down for a few moments, and then he’s nodding. “Of course. God, Cas. Yes,” he whispers, pressing their mouths together again for a long moment. “How?” he asks.
It’s fine. It’ll be okay.
Cas is just about to speak up, say
“Aw, hell, Cas,” Dean says, and moves in to kiss him again. “Come back,” he whispers between kisses. “Just come back to me, man.”
"Good. Come get me. Then we're going back to the motel."
“Well,
Cas pipes up, “He’d like a chocolate chip waffle, a side of eggs, over-easy, and a side of bacon. The same for me, without chocolate chips, please.” He smiles sweetly at Beck, and it makes Dean’s heart melt. Cas is always so damn
He doesn’t even get a response back, which is more than fine with him.
"So, how are we doing this?" Dean asks. Cas still looks groggy from his nap, and it worries Dean. But Cas'll perk up before they get to the part where they have to search the woods at night. Right?
They don't talk about it.
Cas presses the pads of his fingers into Dean’s skin beneath his shirt as he starts to speak. “I understand you think you’re unworthy,” he says, and Dean tenses in his arms for a moment. There’s a pang in his chest, but he continues. “But you aren’t.”
Dean grins helplessly against his lips, and dives back in for more. “You are a bastard,” he says quietly, “but you always were. And I fell in love with you anyways.”
Dean flushes. His best friends are a Computer Science major, a Journalism major, and a Business major. Cas is a fucking
Dean pulls off it with a laugh, pressing his leg between both of Cas’ so that their bodies are pressed flush together. “Don’t wanna talk about my friends right now,” he admits, pressing forward in search of Cas’ mouth.
There’s some filling on his bottom lip. Dean thinks about how easy it would be to lean forward and suck Cas’ bottom lip between his own, laving his tongue over it to clean it off. He could dip his tongue into Cas’ mouth, hear Cas sigh into his own, pull him closer by his hips. He imagines, even without the cherry filling coating his lip, that Cas tastes better than any pie could ever hope to. Instead, he reaches out with his thumb to swipe it along Cas’ bottom lip, bringing it to his own mouth to suck it clean.
Dean has everything he wants. He’s got it all, right here in his arms.
Dean lets out an
“Isn’t that kinda the point?” Brooke asks, raising her eyebrows.
Dean nods. “You sure are,” he says quietly, and he leans down to kiss Cas.
Cas rinses his hands and turns off the water, flipping around to lean his back against the counter. “I could walk with you, if you wanted some company,” he offers.
Dean wraps the towel around his own waist and wipes some of the fog off the mirror to look at himself. "You can do this, Winchester," he mumbles under his breath. He inhales sharply and exhales slowly as he turns the knob on the bathroom door before swinging it open.
“You’re very… affectionate, since you… woke me.” It isn’t a question, but it is.
but he feels the way Cas twitches beneath his palm, hears the way his breath hitches, and
Dean smiles and smooths down some of Cas’ hair, stepping back to look at him. He’d come dressed in all black just like Dean had told him, so he’s more or less ready to head out whenever. “Listen,” he starts, “I really wanna get, like,
“Sorry it’s from a can,” Dean says, motioning toward the soup. “I’m making
Except, Cas knows Dean, probably better than anyone besides Sam. So he knows that there’s not ‘nothin’’ on Dean’s mind. “You don’t have to talk,” he speaks from beneath him, “But I’d like to, if that’s okay,” he says.
The strawberry refresher sounds fucking
He plops down next to Cas again, intentionally sitting closer to him than he had been before. He unscrews the cap of the whiskey and tilts the bottle up, taking a long swig. It burns down his throat and blooms through his chest and stomach. Dean loves that burn, loves how it numbs him from the inside out. He offers the bottle to Cas who takes it without hesitation. This is a recipe for disaster.
They’ve been together for twenty years. Jack’s 15, a sophomore in high school, and
Aaron laughs a little, but it’s in good nature. “Sure,” he says. “Back in that bar, I didn’t think you did. Not at first, at least. I totally made up the
He does just that. He goes to grab the boxers and he can hear Brooke and Anna talking quietly with the TV in the background. He takes the boxers back to the bathroom and helps Cas into them, and then he helps him hobble into the bedroom. “They didn’t break anything, did they? Whoever did this?” Dean asks.
Cas is sure that Dean isn’t even praying on purpose. It probably just comes naturally to him, and he probably assumes he’s just thinking. He’s become so used to directing his normal thoughts at Cas, that it doesn’t occur to him to stop.
Cas shakes himself out of it and forces himself to nod. "What? Oh, yeah. I'm fine. Just a headache, I think."
They’ve graduated from spending a lot of time in the living room to hanging out in Dean’s room. The bed is just more comfortable to hang out on, and the TV in his room is bigger anyways. It’s not like anything has
Well, Dean doesn’t really see how that’s any different than what’s going on. “Okay,” he says once more. “Why are you talking like you failed? It worked. I—I fucking
"There ya go, sweetheart. That's it," Dean coaxes, tightening his grip and twisting his wrist at just the right moments. It's like he knows better than Cas himself what drives him wild. Whatever Dean has figured out about Cas' body, Cas is thankful for it. It's working. He can feel it knotting up his stomach.
Dean’s been pacing in his room for the last twenty minutes.
And wander, it does.
the reason Cas is crying.
Cas had been a great dad, and Dean’s just something akin to a shitty step-parent that the kid gets left with when their biological parent… dies. Not that Jack is Cas’ biological kid, but sometimes Dean wonders.
Dean washes his back with a gentle pressure, trying to dig out some of the tension knotted there. Because Castiel is weak, he lets a smile cross his features as he relaxes into Dean’s gentle caresses. His eyes fall closed and he lets himself enjoy this, because surely Dean will decide he’s had enough at any moment. He’ll decide that this is too weird for him, that friends don’t do this for each other. He’ll fumble around an excuse about making dinner and leave Castiel here to finish bathing himself.
He makes a noise that’s somewhere close to a laugh, a short burst of air out through his nostrils, and he thinks he feels his face curling into a smile without his permission. “It just means that you and I, we haven’t done this yet. Which makes sense, considering how antsy you are.”
to make a move. He's already told Dean everything there is to tell him. It's Dean's turn to decide what he wants to do with that, and he fucking hates it. He hates it because he's scared. He thinks absently that if Cas kissed him, he definitely wouldn't put up a fight. He's pretty damn sure that he would even
“I dunno,” Sam says eloquently, “Just cuz, I guess. Ask Cas.”
“Please?” he asks. “I know I did this to myself, but
“My pleasure,” Dean tells him, and he fucking means it.
Cas asks, leaning back in his chair and crossing his arms. "What the fuck are you on? It's gotta be something stronger than beer, Dean, because you're a lot of things. But an idiot is not one of them." Cas' tone is sharp and serious. It cuts straight through Dean and now he wishes he had just kept his fucking mouth shut. "Dean, you said..." and now Cas looks hurt, "You said 'not at all.' So I backed off." He offers an exasperated sigh and a shrug as he stands up to walk over to Dean.
to, at least not in the way he loves Cas. He presses a kiss to Cas’ temple, and then untangles himself to start on the dishes.
They’re a little better now, scabbed over, and they don’t bleed anymore. He doesn’t need constant bandages over them any longer, but Dean still puts them on him before bed in case any of them reopen in the night.
listen to Taylor Swift on your Taylor Swift birthday.”
“I don’t understand,” Dean says, brows furrowed. “When did we get together?” he asks.
For weeks, Dean gets as drunk as he can as fast as he can. As drunk as he is, and as much as he avoids everyone by not leaving his room, he still hears whispers of Jack trying to convince Sam that Cas is coming back.
Cas just nods and presses a chaste kiss to his lips before going slack in Dean's arms. Their legs are intertwined, Cas' head is on Dean's chest, and Dean is on cloud nine. Nothing in his life has ever felt more perfect than holding Cas in his arms. He finds it hard to believe that he denied himself this for so many years just because of what his bigoted (and very
like he’s not holding anything back. It’s filthy and it’s full of tongue and
Dean laughs, just once, short and aborted. “Yeah, you’re right about that. Thanks,” he says again. “You’re welcome to stay here. You should be safe.”
He’s cut off when Cas’ hand tangles with his own, and he’s… not in the hospital anymore. For about three seconds, he feels like he’s being ripped apart from the inside out. Jesus are those —are those
The hair on the back of Dean’s neck stands up. “Nothing massive,” he lies. “It’s just — I think it’s witches, and I thought — thought Missouri might know somethin’. That’s all.”
Anna explains. “They talk about you, they talk about Sam, they talk about Cas. That’s all they ever talk about. I can’t
but he really couldn’t care any less if he tried.
Dean nods his head, a few more tears rolling out of his eyes. One of them gets in his ear. He doesn’t even care. Cas bends down to kiss him as he pops open the lube, and Dean can hear the slick sounds of him getting himself ready. Angels are really good multitaskers, apparently.
“I’m so proud of you, Dean,” Cas says softly, drawing Dean close for a hug. “You’ve come so far this semester.”
Castiel is still waiting for that moment to come when Dean lifts one of his arms to start washing beneath it. “There he is,” Dean says, and when Castiel flutters his eyes open to meet Dean’s gaze, there’s a relaxed smile on his face and his eyes shine. He’s so beautiful.
None of that happens.
“Come back to me,” Dean pleads, pressing one more kiss to Cas’ mouth. “Just come back.”
Why did Dean pick the most
He comes in Cas’ mouth and Cas keeps going until Dean’s completely soft and hissing from oversensitivity, just like always. “Jesus,” Dean breathes, while Cas licks up what’s left of the mess he left on Dean’s stomach. Dean’s pretty helpless to do anything watch him in awe, and then he gets ahold of himself and drags Cas up for a kiss. “You’re an animal,” he laughs, and Cas grins into his mouth.
Dean shakes his head, “Nah. Gotta take you home. Plus, the last time I had to sleep on Charlie’s couch, my back was fucked up for a week.” He claps a hand on Cas’ back and ushers him over to the couch where the other three already have Monopoly set up. “Cas’ first game night and you all wanna start him off with Monopoly,” he tsks, teasing. “It’s like you don’t
deeper. “Cas,” he says on an exhale, the pads of his fingers pressing between his ribs. “God, Cas.”
it’s not like that’s something Dean has any right to be angry about. He is anyway. He’s pissed off. Cas’ first kiss should’ve been with someone he
"You locked me out?" Cas fake pouts, and Dean can tell he's being teased because of the glint in his eye.
Dean is snoring softly where he lays in Cas’ lap. His face is turned toward Cas’ stomach, his nose nearly touching the tie that drapes down Cas’ torso. His breathing is even and steady, and Cas starts to pet his head again.
Dean starts the bath water. He’s freaking the fuck out. There’s not a single part of this that’s okay. He’s probably going to puke his guts up the second he gets Cas bathed, but right now he has to swallow it down and get this done.
“Well, it’s a lot of fun. Both of ‘em, even if Monopoly gets intense sometimes. Especially with Anna. She doesn’t look like it, but the girl’s a fuckin’
There’s nobody out here except for a couple of frat dudes, and one of them is smoking a cigarette. “Hey, could I bum one?” he asks. “And a light, if you got one.”
Cas’ eyes widen, and he shakes his head so minutely that Dean would probably miss it if every single one of his senses weren’t heightened to damn near perfection by the nature of this place. “Dean, please. Let’s just go home.”
Dean clears his throat, fuck, he’s gotta back the fuck up, and he’s gotta do it
He lifts himself up onto the counter of the bathroom, rubbing his hands up and down his face. He thinks more about Cas' dream world, trying to connect some of the dots. It's hard, though. He's not sure what any of that was about, and he knows Cas isn't up to talk about it. At least not yet.
“What were their names?” Dean asks him.
Dean pulls his hand out of Cas' grasp and away from his face and stands up straight. He fiddles with the hem of his t-shirt as he thinks. "I- I uh," he starts, but that's not right. Anything he says is either going to let Cas down, or let his father down. He can't figure out which choice makes him more uncomfortable.
It means more, and he feels it more, and -- and he thinks his brain is shorting out a little bit, because he’s running out of descriptors for the way this damn kiss feels.
But here goes Cas, reading his mind somehow. He grabs the small bottle of lube again, sliding down and trailing his fingers back to
They make it to the third floor, and Cas tugs him by his wrist to room 305. Nurses and guards call after them, but Cas seems determined. He makes it to Anna’s room and they both press their faces against the small glass window to see her sitting on her bed, staring out the window. Dean knocks, and her head turns.
“Why did you let Sam leave without you? So you could sit here and make me feel even more foolish than I already do?” Cas asks, and then adds, “Because if so, you can take my truck back to the bunker. I’ll hotwire something.”
Cas had woken up this morning with Dean’s arm thrown around him (which
“Damn right.”
Not that Dean
. But that doesn’t matter, now. I don’t give a shit about my pride, man, I just
Cas’ eyes flutter open and meet Dean’s gaze, and he smiles pretty much instantly. “Were you watching me sleep?” he asks, and he reaches for Dean’s hand beneath the covers.
Dean grins at him, and he nods. “That’d be great, sweetheart,” he says, and he walks past Cas to get to the table and sit down. He presses a kiss to his cheek on the way.
With Dean splayed out over him, Cas maps every part of Dean’s body that he can reach with his hands. He wraps his arms up and around Dean’s back, touching every inch of fabric-covered skin he can find. When he reaches his shoulder, he lets his hand linger there over the handprint, which earns him a beautiful noise from Dean.
Cas rubs his back, right between his shoulder blades. “It’s okay,” he says, and he sounds stuffy. He sniffles a couple of times, but the tears have stopped for the both of him. “Don’t call him,” he pleads. “Just — today can be for us. You and me. No researching, no calling contacts, nothing. We can spare today.”
“Cas, please. Fingers, more, please,” Dean says, breathless.
Cas slides back up Dean’s body to press their mouths together again, which gives Dean the perfect opportunity to shrug the white button-down off of his shoulders and down his arms. He flings it across the room without breaking the kiss and starts to fumble with Cas’ belt.
“Kiss me again,” Dean blurts as Cas stands to leave the room. Anything to keep him here a while longer. “Just once. I’m not gonna remember it anyway.”
It must be his lucky day, because there’s a soft knock at the door in that exact moment. He breathes out a sigh of relief and watches Sam get the door, and then watches Rowena walk through it.
but she still calls. Every time. I think it’s just an excuse to talk to me, but I don’t mind,” he says, smiling. He doesn’t realize he’s been rambling until he stops talking, but Cas is just sitting there with a stupidly fond smile, hanging on his every word.
Once their hips are pressed flush against one another, Dean wraps all four of his limbs around Cas. He clings to him, letting out tiny little whimpers every time Cas grinds his hips to get just a
“I’m almost out of minutes, dad. And trust me, there’s not time. Thank you for the help. I won’t bug you again,” Dean says, and he hangs up without waiting for an answer. He knows he’ll get his ass handed to him for that one, but hopefully he can get Cas back home before he has to deal with it.
Cas shakes his head and he blinks, but he’s still smiling. He steps forward, fighting the black sludge to be closer to Dean. His hands frame Dean’s face, and Dean can’t help but lean into it. Every touch from Cas is something he savors. It’s sacred —
Dean nods once more and turns to walk down the hall back to his and Cas’ bedroom, where he’s sure Cas is probably curled back up in bed reading a book or something.
Dean’s already taken off work for the whole first week that Jack will be in school.
That was, until, his best friend professed his undying love for him, right before getting sucked away forever by an entity Dean couldn't possibly save him from this time. So now, here Dean sits. He sits down on his bed, well past midnight, in the first place that’s ever felt like home in his entire adult life. Except that now, without Cas, it feels significantly
He thought (foolishly, it seems) that hanging out with Cas nearly every single day for a month might calm his nerves. They’re pretty good friends now, it’s hard to see someone that much and not get tired of them and call them anything but a close friend. However, it almost feels like every time Cas comes over, he feels
Dean exhales out of his nose, somewhere close to something like a laugh. “Hey, Cas. Ready?”
It starts again, and Cas can hear two sets of footsteps. They, whatever they are, make their way over a small hill.
This only serves to make him feel
Cas leans down to press a kiss to Dean’s lips, and Dean smiles into it. “I love you, too, Dean. I didn’t say it back earlier, but I do.”
can’t comprehend the consequences of that course of action. I do. I know what would happen, or — a rough idea, anyway, and it just — Dean, it’s not worth it. Not when you’ll see me again.” There are tears running down his face, and Dean wants to walk out the fucking door. He doesn’t know how to deal with this. Cas doesn’t really cry — not often, anyway. Not like Dean has throughout the last three weeks. Not at all like that. So when Cas cries, Dean feels like sprinting as far away as he can.
Dean growls in frustration and snaps his head up to scowl at Cas. “You sure are acting like an ass for an angel that’s in love with me,” he snaps, and Cas watches his eyes go wide and hears his teeth click as he closes his mouth in an instant.
“Thanks, Charlie,” is all he says back. There’s no use in denying or confirming anything, Charlie’s gonna think whatever she wants and nobody’s gonna change her mind about it. If there’s one thing Dean knows about her for sure, it’s that.
Dean stands in front of him, both of them bare. He wants nothing more than to sweep Cas into his arms and hold him close until they’re forced to figure out how and when they’re getting to Sam and mom in El Paso. They can have this, right here, even if it’s only for a little while. Eventually, lunch time will roll around, Cas’ belly will rumble, and they’ll have to go make a plan with Anna and Brooke.
“That was a few
Everybody stays quiet as Dean hits the answer button and holds the phone to his ear. “Hey Charlie, what’s up?”
Instead, he’s sat quietly and almost statue-still against Dean’s side the whole time.
Dean never asked for this.
him to move. He doesn't. He takes a deep breath and tilts his own head over to rest on top of Cas'. His heart is thumping so hard he thinks it might just beat directly out of his chest, or work itself so hard that it just stops. Dean's too fucking old for this. He feels like a teenager, feels like his heart is beating harder than it did the first time he got his hands up his high school girlfriend's shirt.
“Worried that I’d perv on ya in the shower, Cas?” Dean teases, but Cas can feel his face heat up. He goes to remove his hand, but Dean grabs it and holds on for a second. Cas swallows and looks at him, no idea what to expect. This is one of the most and
“Mhm,” Dean nods, and the countdown begins, coming out of the TV speakers.
he thinks, and Jack swallows before he takes the bite of the sandwich dipped in soup.
to his bedroom, closing the door. Dean finally lets himself exhale, because holy
“What do you mean,
Dean’s bare hand slides up his calf, to the inside of his thigh. His fingers do a little dance there, like they’re itching for more but he doesn’t want to cross any lines that Cas may or may not have drawn. “Let me help?” he repeats, a question this time.
Dean sits up on the ground of the Bunker, rubs the back of his head, and whispers, “Fuck.”
Then, it’s Cas’ turn. He’s watched enough rounds that he knows what to do, so Dean sits back and lets him do it. His heart races as he watches the bottle spin, he gets a little dizzy with it, honestly. After what feels like five entire minutes, it lands.
“Dean, honey, what’s the matter?” Mary asks. “Are you okay?”
Cas feels a wave of relief wash over him, but it only lasts for a moment. He pulls back out onto the road, he doesn’t need to turn around after all. “Sam, would you
Cas shrugs, Dean sees it out of his peripheral vision. “Not particularly, if I’m being honest,” he says.
Cas shuffles further down into bed, adjusting the pillow and pulling the blankets up over himself and over Dean. He fits himself snug against Dean’s back and lets himself feel the warmth. Hesitantly, he wraps an arm around his middle. “Like this?” he asks. He’s not exactly done this before, just for the sake of being close. He’s held Dean before, but Dean hadn’t been awake. That had been much, much different than this is.
“How do you know about that? Are you a hunter? What the fuck do you want with my son?” his mom bites, and yeah, okay, not great. He’d better go check on that.
Dean swallows. He doesn’t even know where to start. “You sure you wanna hear all this?” he asks, because he’s not one to talk about his feelings with people he’s
Freckles spatter his face. Cas knows exactly how many of them there are. He had counted when he rebuilt Dean’s body. He knows Dean inside and out. Somehow, he still wasn’t aware that Dean was capable of looking like
Cas gives in. He’ll leave Dean at the portal. There’s no other choice. Dean won’t leave without him, but he’s not leaving. He can’t.
“Cas?” he hears it, and he assumes it’s just part of the prayer. Dean ends on a question like that sometimes, as if Cas could answer. “Dean,” he sighs, answering anyways. Dean won’t hear him, but it helps sometimes. Slowly, he stands, prepared for a fight. Nothing could have prepared him for what he sees when he turns to look.
Charlie picks up on the third ring, “Dean! Hey, I was in class, what’s up?” she asks.
“Hungry?” Cas asks him, but it’s clearly rhetorical, because Cas is standing and offering him a hand to lead him downstairs.
Dean smiles a little at that and repositions so he can lay down atop the covers, laying on his side and facing Cas. Almost immediately, Cas mirrors him. “And when, exactly, was that?” he asks.
Castiel marvels.
Dean crosses his ankles as he leans against the Impala, folding his arms over his chest. He's watching Cas strip for him, watching Cas
Right, the trenchcoat. It had always swallowed Cas whole, but Dean would've forced him to ditch that thing years ago if he had known what he'd been hiding under there. He probably would've made him ditch all the rest of his clothes, too, to be fair.
After he's rinsed the conditioner from Dean's hair, he takes care of washing his body with a tenderness that points toward him being worried that Dean will disappear at any moment. And honestly, he is. He is worried about that, and he can't place why. He tries not to dwell on it, but it gets stronger with every passing moment.
Dean supports Jack’s neck with one hand, using the other to hold his little body to his chest and carry him inside. He figures Jack is probably hungry, so he starts with directing Cas through making him a bottle while he cradles Jack to his chest, watching Cas’ every move.
she continues, completely unfazed by Dean’s mildly violent display of affection, “There’s a party this Saturday. We’re all invited, and now Cas is too,” she says, shooting him a wink.
when this plan fails.
Dean wakes up to a knock on his door. He blinks his eyes open and sees that it’s barely past three o’clock in the afternoon. “Go away, Sammy,” he grumbles, shoving his head underneath his pillow. He’s not in the mood to Deal with Sam pestering him about the Cas thing.
As Dean sucks and nips and licks at his chest, Cas releases his hold on him to start attempting to shove his boxers down. His hands fumble, he’s shaking a little bit — but he isn’t nervous. He’s just full of so much excitement and anticipation and
Two weeks later, Dean passes in a similar manner.
Dean swallows, and he nods. “Sure, we can do that. I’ll just tell Jo I’m taking a three day weekend, she can get Lee or maybe Aaron to cover for me,” he says. He takes another bite. “Any reason this couldn’t wait til I got home?”
He makes his way through the house, all the while keeping his hand firmly around Cas’ wrist. Meg is probably here, and knowing her she’ll be gunning for round two with Cas. Over Dean’s dead body. Absolutely fucking not. So, he drags Cas into the kitchen to find Charlie huddled in the corner with some girl he thinks is named Lisa, but he’s not sure. He’s pretty sure he has one of his classes with her, but he can’t put his finger on which one.
Cas repositions so that he’s laying on his side, and he watches as Dean settles down next to him, but on his back. He turns his head to the side and Cas just looks at him for a moment. He wants so deeply. Wants to reach out and touch Dean, wants to have him, wants to keep him. He longs for it, but now isn’t the time. “Dean’s not stupid,” Cas starts, flickering his gaze down so he’s looking right at Dean’s chest. “He’s one of the smartest and bravest leaders I’ve ever encountered, he’s just reckless.” Cas’ heart hurts, and this is what sucks the most about being mortal. Before, when he started to feel, it hadn’t been a physical thing, not really. He felt emotions, recognized them even, but they were never a tangible, physical thing the way they are now. “He’ll do whatever it takes to take out Lucifer. Any and all losses are worth it, to him.”
Cas notices, because of course he does. “Dean? What’s the matter?”
“Of course,” Dean laughs. “I uh — I’ll call, okay? And I won’t wait so many months to do it this time. And — and you can call, too. If I’m not mixed up in anything, I’ll pick  up.”
with his soul, for Christ’s sake.
“You know I’m not huge on the whole… sappy, grand gesture thing. You know that about me. But the thing is, you deserve it. You deserve to have the love of your life get down on one knee on the beach,” he kneels, “pull out a velvet box,” his hands shake as he reaches into his pocket, “and ask you to marry him.” He flips the box open.
Dean flicks the light on, only so he can find the bedside lamp and turn
though. She calls me sometimes to fix her wifi all the way from here. I tell her the same thing every time,
If he’d just kept his damn mouth
Cas pulls out about halfway, only to push back in just as slow as he originally did. He keeps this pace for a few seconds, running his fingers through Dean’s hair. “I love you, too,” he says after a while. He’s building up to a steady pace, designed to get them both somewhere, but not for a while yet.
forgotten about his little car-washing fantasy. He sighs as he steps underneath the almost too-hot water and lets it burn, just a little. He'll adjust eventually. He leans his forehead against the cool tile in the shower and lets his mind wander.
Cas never came back.
Dean’s sitting and bouncing his leg, refreshing his computer every few seconds. Cas sits next to him, watching over his shoulder. His last classes of the semester were yesterday, and final grades come out today. He’s about to know for sure whether he passed or failed all of his classes, and he’s
“What month is it?”
Sam laughs at him, “Dude, I didn’t say anything.”
Dean nods his head and pulls back to look at Cas. “You gotta stop almost dying on me, man. If I say this to you, I need you not to run into the next fire you see, Cas. I need you. You can’t leave me. You can’t,” his voice breaks on the last syllable and he leans down to kiss Cas again. After he breaks it, he adds, “If I say this back, you can’t go leaving me or making deals that have cosmic consequences. I need you with me.”
Cas can feel Dean’s stare, even though he doesn’t look up to meet it yet. “Even you?” he whispers, and
“So it — it
He can feel it when Cas breathes in deep and exhales. He feels him open up just slightly more, and takes this as his sign to start moving at a slow but steady pace. Cas is definitely growing accustomed to the feeling, because he continues to relax into it. His hand scrambles to find Dean's over his thigh, and he squeezes. "Good. That's... That's good," he moans. "More." It isn't a request.
Cas sighs again, pressing the heels of his hands against his eyes. “I don’t understand. Why are you upset with me? Should I not have played?”
The weird thing is that, other than not allowing Dean to touch him at all, Cas has been acting like everything is fine. He still jokes with him, still hangs out with him, and doesn't change his behavior at all.
reading his thoughts. But now, as a human, it’s so much harder. It doesn’t help that Dean has started to treat him differently in the last few months.
is — is
that. Remembers Chastity. Remembers how he thought that when it didn’t work out with her, maybe Dean would take him back to his motel room and fulfill his promise of not letting Cas die a virgin. Of course, he didn’t, at least not until a couple of months later.
With one last wet kiss that doesn’t even land directly on Cas’ mouth, Dean rolls off of him and onto his back. He plants his feet on the bed and lifts his hips so he can get his pants and boxers around his knees in one swift motion, and Cas
Afternoon breezes into evening, and then into night. Dean spends it by Sam’s side, watching TV. They have another reheated helping of casserole before their mom comes to pick them up, and somehow, it’s better the second time around.
Cas must have heard him coming, because the door cracks open as soon as Dean raises his fist to knock. Dean pushes the door open the rest of the way and crowds inside the bathroom with him. Naturally, Cas goes straight for Dean’s bag instead of his own. He pulls out one of Dean’s shirts and the sweatpants he wore on his first night in the motel, and he drops the towel.
Cas pets his hair and presses kisses all along his hairline, down his jaw, his chin, and eventually he lands at Dean’s lips. Dean sighs into it and presses closer, allowing the press of Cas’ lips to his own to soothe his nerves where they’re flaring up. “I love you,” Dean whispers into his mouth.
Cas rolls his eyes, “There’s nothing I can do for him. We need the help of a witch,” he says, regretfully.
He thinks he’s probably in shock.
Dean chuckles. “To be fair, I guess I didn’t either. Or I -- I knew, but I didn’t know what it was. I didn’t know it was -- like,
He takes a deep breath. He’s ready for this. Cas leans down to kiss him, and Dean smiles into it. He runs his fingers through Cas’ hair, gets so lost in the kiss that when Cas slowly starts to push into him, he gasps against Cas’ open mouth and throws his head back. It’s good. It’s so perfect, being this close to Cas. He never wants to feel this with anyone else ever again. From now on, this is just for Cas. Just for
“Did I?” Cas asks, with a knowing smirk on his face.
“Dean, I know it’s fun to drive fast in the Impala, but
“Bathroom,” he says. He can’t say anything else or he’s gonna puke all over the floor of whatever the fuck this place is. He doesn’t have the brain capacity to take a good look yet, only focused on how close he is to ruining the floors of it.
known Cas for three weeks. He doesn’t know how long they have left together, so he's going to say it while he still can. He doesn’t want to wait until it’s too late.
That’s how they all find themselves now, with Brooke tucking a small, glowing vial of a bluish-silvery substance into Anna’s hand. “Whenever you’re ready,” she says quietly, and she smiles softly at Anna. If Dean didn’t know any better, he might think there’s something going on there. He’s been a little too preoccupied with taking care of Cas to be able to say for sure, though.
“Of course,” Cas concedes. “That can be my Christmas present from you.”
Dean laughs, “I didn’t even tell you,” he says, turning over to face him. “How’d you know?”
Dean drizzles more lube over his index and ring fingers, and then he reaches between his legs to pour it directly on himself. He hisses at the cold wetness, but he soothes when Cas settles back between his legs and lays his head on Dean’s thigh.
"Dean, we'll find him. He has to be one of two places. We'll find him," Sam makes an attempt at reassuring Dean, but Dean wants to crumple to the ground and never stand back up. It's his fault. It's his fault, he knew Cas was off his game tonight. He knew Cas was tired and vulnerable. He should have fought him harder, maybe knocked him out with a good punch. Anything but this.
“Sit up,” he whispers, leaning back on Dean’s thighs so that he can follow directions. And oh, he does. Beautifully and instantly. Cas lifts the t-shirt over his head, leaving them both evenly undressed. He climbs off of Dean’s lap and stands, holding his hand out. “Stand, please,” he requests, and Dean
Dean wants to kiss him so bad that it hurts. “Get over here,” he says, and he throws one arm up over the top of the couch so that Cas can fit himself in the space between them. He promptly does just that, and he leans into Dean. It feels so much better just to be close to him. It feels so nice to know that he doesn’t have to be reserved about how much he wants Cas, how much he loves him. “Do you need any help?” Dean calls over his shoulder and into the kitchen. He can hear something starting to simmer on the stove, and he’s starting to smell whatever it is. It smells
And there’s no other way he’d rather have it.
Cas immediately releases his shirt collar, but doesn't step out of his space. Instead, he throws his arms around Dean's shoulders and hugs him. Tight. Like, so tight that Dean hears his back crack in a couple of different places. He isn't complaining, though, it felt good. And it feels good to be touching Cas again. They still haven't crossed the line. They were safe, right at the edge of it.
Dean laughs against her but he nods, “Of course.”
“No. Fuck, Cas. Just give me a fucking minute,” Dean grumbles, standing in the middle of the room and staring at Cas.
He blinks for a few seconds, taking in his surroundings. He also notes that he's only wearing a pair of boxers. He can only assume they belong to Dean, since they aren't his own. He has no memory of how he wound up in Dean's room, and no idea how he ended up wearing his boxers. He sits up on the concrete floor, wrapped in Dean's gray (didn't they use to be white?) bedsheets, and looks around for a while longer. He must have passed out watching TV with Dean last night. Dean probably slept in his room, he probably didn't want to wake Cas.
The rest of the day slips by them in a similar manner. They watch an entire season of some show that Cas can't remember the name of, but enjoys nonetheless. They switch positions a few times, Dean's arms sometimes slung around his shoulders, sometimes tucked behind him and curling around his waist. Sometimes his arm falls asleep and he has to untangle himself from Cas, but even then, he rests his hand right on top of Cas' thigh. Usually he'll give it a squeeze before throwing his arm back around his shoulders. Cas enjoys that very much.
He wants Cas. He knows he wants Cas. But does he want -- does he want
how little he truly seems to know. Cas considers himself lucky, but also massively unfortunate. What lengths would Dean be willing to go to in order to make him happy?
Castiel frowns even harder at that. That can’t be right. He’s as cold as he’s ever been, and he can’t stop
Dean’s midway up his thigh, now, and his hands cup the undersides of Cas’ knees to lift them up. Castiel goes willingly and plants his feet against the mattress. Dean’s fingertips press into the soft flesh of his thighs to spread them further apart as he kisses his way up to the crease between his leg and his cock. Dean spends an ample amount of time there, sucking marks into the skin, nibbling, and soothing it over with his tongue.
“Dean,” Cas starts, just like Dean thought. He just shakes his head. He can’t listen to it right now, doesn’t want to. He doesn’t wanna hear it. He’s just not interested, plain and simple.
“Somewhere between ten and eleven years,” Cas answers swiftly. “And I — it’s very important that I get back. There are — events. Things that can’t take place the way they’re meant to if I don’t get back. I can’t be here for them,” he says.
Next, Dean calls Jack. He tells him that Cas is gone, and Jack is at the house faster than he ever has been. Dean wraps his arms around his son, who’s fully grown now, but still needs his father. Still needs both of them. Dean needs Cas, too, but he’s not as torn up as he once would have been. Dean knows he and their little family gave Cas a happy, long life, full of joy and pain and trials and
“You bought me
He sleeps.
feels. He gasps, arching up so that their chests are pressed together. “Do that again,” he begs, finding Cas’ mouth with his own. “Please,” he says against Cas’ lips, rolling his hips down to meet Cas’ thrusts.
— had
“Castiel is…
"Dean, you're covered in more dirt than I am."
Cas blinks up at him, “Okay, so what? I didn’t buy a costume. Are you saying
Dean’s ears are ringing. He didn’t catch anything after the bit about his mother. He’s pretty sure he’s just staring at a wall. He thinks back, back, back, all the way back to being a small child in dinosaur bed sheets, hearing noises he couldn’t understand or explain if you asked him to. He thinks about his parents coming home in the dead of night, covered in dirt. He thinks about the fight he heard the night of the fire. He thinks about all of it. His mother was supposed to
“Hey, no worries,” Dean assures him. Castiel appreciates the attempt to spare his feelings, but he’s no less ashamed. “It happens, man. I mean— I’m the one that decided to help you bathe.” Dean returns to his work beneath the water, the soft cloth making contact with the inside of one of his thighs. He doesn’t even flinch when the hard flesh of Castiel’s arousal brushes against his forearm, not even when Castiel lets out a gasp that he’d tried his best to hold in.
In 336 days here, Dean has only ever been this late once. Cas sets off in the direction of Dean’s longing, his own prayers for Dean’s safety falling on deaf ears, he’s sure.
He feels relieved and disappointed all at once. He's fairly certain it's a dead body before he even touches it. He's right, of course. Not dead long enough to smell or anything, but dead long enough that she's cold to the touch. Dean knows he won't feel a pulse, but he checks anyways.
Cas’ ministrations stop for a moment, and then he continues. “Good morning, Dean. Did you sleep well?” he asks.
He doesn’t know if he wants to admit to this. “Yeah, but — don’t tell dad,” he says on instinct, before he remembers that there’s really no danger of that in the first place.
