“Who is this?” He spat into the phone. They had better have a good reason for interrupting his ‘whiskey and flirting’ session with Candy. The waitress had been giving him the sexiest smile for the last hour, laughing even when he knew that he wasn’t on his game tonight. She was making it too easy for him to see where their night was going to end up.
“Are you in danger? I won’t let you do this if you’ll just end up like Jack’s mom.” Dean struggled to push down the anger he felt toward heaven at that moment. He wished their life together could just be left alone. That he could just sit back, have his whiskey, and love his angel for the rest of his days.
“Will it kill him like it did my mother?” Jack spoke quietly, a look of sadness and worry etched across his features. Dean worried the kid wouldn’t ever smile again if something happened to Cas. Hell, he knew he wouldn’t.
Dean let himself laugh lightly before responding. “While that’s important information,” he tried to force away any thoughts that passed through his mind about Cas enjoying pain, “I sorta meant to ask whether you’ve been doing ok? Anything you actually enjoy?” Dean pressed his lips shut before he felt himself keep rambling. Because he just might mention what he enjoyed most recently, and that wouldn’t end well.
“You asked me, Cas. Everyone needs help sometimes.” Dean tried to pull gently to release himself from Cas’s grip, but the former angel was feeling much more steady with every passing minute. Cas kept his fingers wrapped firmly around Dean’s wrist, pressing the man for a deeper answer. A little voice in Cas’s head pushed him toward the acknowledgment of why he even cared that Dean had stayed with him, but he brushed it away.
“If you two are done bickering, I’d like to say that we have a perfectly viable option for bait.” Sam cocked an eyebrow at the deadpan look on Cas’s face. The ex-angel-turned-hunter used air quotes as he spoke, “I ‘volunteer as sacrifice’.” Sam smirked at the incorrect pop culture reference.
Dean scoffed, and Cas flinched lightly at the sound. “No offense, bud, but I know Sammy don’t want me back anytime soon.” The expression on Dean’s face was was enough to break Cas’s heart. Cas wanted to reach across to wipe the frown from Dean’s lips, but he held back.
“You can’t shelter him forever.” Sam felt his tone and expression soften as he came to understand his brother’s motives. “We all die someday, Dean. We know that better than anyone.”
“I don’t care how many people are allowed!” Jody repeated the words that had woken Sam, and he jogged over to place his hand on her shoulder. “Sam!” Jody wrapped her arms around Sam’s neck in one of her patented bearhugs, before pulling back to have a better look at him. Sam tried to convey that he wasn’t the one to worry about, but Jody definitely didn’t look convinced. “Can you believe these nurses?” Jody cast a death glare worthy of a Winchester over her shoulder at the ladies behind her. “Trying to tell me that I can’t be with my boys.”
Minutes later he stood under the hot spray of the water, feeling a sort of healing from the warmth and pressure it provided. He made slow work of his body, turning every now and again to focus another patch of soreness underneath the stream. Showers had held a sort of therapeutic quality since he had become human, but warm ones with decent water pressure had been few and far between. He forced himself to focus on the water, the heat, the steam, anything other than the nagging voice that wanted him to wallow in his regret.
. Jesus. If he knew his body, and of course he did, Dean knew his wings would definitely be a new point of pleasure for him. He thought for a moment before swallowing his pride and lifelong mental hangups.
“I knew we had seen that damn flower before. Or something similar.” He pulled to picture out of the stack before trying to locate another page. Dean’s need to find Cas outweighed his need to be gentle with his brother in that moment.
“Like I said, this is gonna suck. Sorry.” Dean grabbed another clean towel and dipped it into the amber liquid that Cas now realized was the same shade as the liquid in the bottle. He braced himself at just the last second before Dean pressed the cloth to his wound. Air hissed in a sharp breath between his teeth as he tried not to cry out from the stinging pain that shot through his shoulder. He saw Dean grimace but he didn’t stop his ministrations, wiping at the fresh blood that was oozing from Cas’s shoulder. He set the towel down and picked up the needle. He glanced at Cas with a look of pity before began sewing the skin beneath his fingers back together.
Nothing had really changed between them, exactly. Cas was still the ever-too-literal man he had fallen for; Dean still drank too much and flirted way too often. But he was happier now than he had ever been. He smiled more, slept easier. He had never understood romcoms and the way they described love. Until he finally gave in and let himself feel it for Cas.
Dean flipped his shocked look back to Chuck, who just shrugged and said, “I’m God, remember. Just think of it as a wedding gift. But like Cinderella, the party stops at midnight.” Dean nodded, feeling almost numb, completely dumbfounded by the turn of events. And there he’d been, thinking that getting married would be the wildest thing to happen to him today. What had he been thinking? His name was Dean Winchester, after all.
Dean cursed as he realized what they were dealing with, why they had seen the flower before. It was the same one that had been left at Calliope’s abductions, only a different color. “So basically, we’re after a demigod? That’s just awesome.” He looked back over to Nick, who understandably looked completely lost. “Are there any abandoned buildings or factories nearby?” Nick immediately pulled out his phone and fired up the map app to send them on their way. They picked the most likely candidate, telling Eileen to stay behind in case they didn’t come back or needed her to head to another location when they came up empty-handed.
Dean had no intention of leaving Cas’s side, knowing Sam would bring the witch down to them and Dean would owe her another favor before the night was out. But then he heard shouting and something that sounded like a scuffle, and Dean couldn’t keep himself from peering out the door to see what the commotion was. He wouldn’t have guessed in a million years what he saw.
Cas slowly began to take in his surroundings as consciousness began to seep itself into him. Below his body was a somewhat plush surface, though not quite as soft as the beds in the bunker. His eyes opened to find Dean nowhere to be seen, but he did recognize the tacky fashion stylings of a budget hotel. The damage on his body immediately scolded him by both spinning the room around him and wracking him with an assault of various pains. Dean’s voice in the distance repeated the sentiment. He looked toward the sound and found Dean returning from the bathroom, holding towels and a bowl of water.
“I need you to run a phone number for me and send me the location.” Dean could almost hear the bitchface he was probably receiving from his brother at that moment, but he didn’t have time to make amends. The sinking feeling in his gut told him that he didn’t have a ton of time to find Cas before things would go south. The pounding started again in his ears and he shook his head to chase away the fear he felt.
“Trust me, Cas. I’m only wondering why we didn’t do this earlier.” Dean pulled Cas back to him, recapturing his lips with a fervor. Cas leaned into it, grinding his hips along Dean’s. Dean groaned at the friction. Why hadn’t they done this before? His mind tried to race, but it was like he was spinning Baby’s wheels in the mud after a downpour of rain. There were some many reasons, all somehow flitting out of his grasp as he tried to find a reason. He ran his hands along Cas’s chest, the hair he found there tickling his fingertips. What did it matter anyway? They were here now, naked and panting, and Dean realized he had never wanted anything more in his life.
“I’m sure he’s fine, Dean,” Sam tried, not feeling an ounce of conviction in his words. The look Dean shot his way told him Dean knew Sam was just trying to make him feel better. “They’d tell us if something happened.” Dean stopped his pacing, running one hand through his hair, the other gesturing wildly toward to doors.
Dean pulled his head up with a tired smile. “It’s just been a long day.” Dean paused, leaning in to kiss Cas slow and deep. Cas would never get tired of that man, no matter how long he lived on the earth. The smile was wider when Dean pulled back. “A good day, for sure, but long.”
“How are you today, Dean? I overheard your conversation with Sam.” Cas understood how to push just the right amount to get Dean talking. Too little and Dean would break off in a jest, too much and he would just shut down completely. Dean set his book down, feeling a frown cross his lips as he realized his mug was empty. “I was unsure if you would welcome company this morning.”
Dean didn’t know what had overcome Cas, but as he lay listening to him breathe, he was glad hadn’t fought it. He had needed this more than he could have realized. Needed to feel someone’s hands on his skin, lips pressed to his. Someone who cared about him in the morning, and not just in a polite ‘this was fun’ sort of way. Maybe it was his falling out with Sam, Kevin’s death, god, even just the entirety of the last year that had caused him to give in. Knowing that he was hurting much more than he had admitted to himself, and the only person in his life that could possibly understand was asleep by his side. The last year had been no easier on Cas, that was for sure.
Who, much to Dean’s disapproval, was not still naked and in the bed with him. Which was odd, given that Cas seemed to like taking advantage of morning wood almost as much as Dean did. He sat up, again finding subtle aches all over his body that he hadn’t even known could hurt just the right way until recently. One ache, in particular, put a stupid grin on his face that just wouldn’t quit. Last night had been the first time he and Cas had swapped who was on top, and boy - he had almost thought Cas had just been being kind. Dean was pretty sure there were sounds he made last night that had never left his mouth before and he was pretty sure he blacked out for a solid minute when he came.
Cas watched as Dean’s eyes welled up with tears, and smiled as the man pulled him in for another kiss. He knew his choice was not the one that Dean would like, and he even would bet on it that he might come to regret it later. But for now, Dean Winchester was all he would ever need.
But just a half step before the door, Jody held her hand out, signaling him to stop where he was, pulling her body back against the wall just outside Cas’s door. Years of hunting had trained him to copy her actions without question, but once they were pressed arm to arm against the wall he leaned his head down in a whisper, “What are we doing?” She instantly pressed a finger to her lips and signaled for him to take a quick look and listen to what was happening in the room. Sam felt a rush of hope, wondering if she had seen Cas awake or something had changed since he had left them alone. But that hope was quickly replaced with quickly growing familiar sensation of sorrow heavy in his chest as he craned his neck to sneak a look into the room.
Cas grinned and tossed Dean a pillow, a playful look in his eyes. Dean caught it, moving to place it behind his head, when Cas laughed again. “That is for your ass, not your head, Dean.”  Dean hesitated just a moment before he lifted his hips to slide the pillow underneath himself. He silently chuckled at himself for not guessing; he had used many pillows that same way in his life, just from the other side of the exchange. His heart raced when Cas leaned back down, capturing his lips again.
The hunter seemed just as uncomfortable as he walked away to the table under the window, which only confirmed for Cas that he had ruined what they had before. Keeping one arm down to conceal his groin under the towel, Cas began rubbing at his hair, attempting to dry it at least a bit. He winced as the action pulled him in a way to remind him of his bruised rib again. A hiss leaked from between his teeth, but he kept trying to dry himself, even if it was a struggle to do so.
Dean began to open his mouth to speak when Cas suddenly stood, grabbing his slacks from the floor. He pulled them on quickly and Dean felt his heart sink into his stomach. There it was. “Cas?” He spoke softly, not wanting to take them where he knew the conversation was going to lead them.
Sam looked back down the hall, only half processing the sound of the doctor’s retreating footsteps on the linoleum. He watched as Eileen gently placed her hand on Dean’s shoulder, trying her best to comfort the elder Winchester in a hopeless situation. Sam felt his heart rip into even smaller pieces as he saw Dean’s shoulders lurch as he finally gave in and let himself cry. Sam wanted to sit there where Eileen was, comforting his brother, but he couldn’t get his feet to start walking. Because he couldn’t bring himself to be the one who had to tell Dean the rest of the doctor’s unsaid words. He couldn’t be to one to tell Dean that they had 48 hours left before the road went south fast. That if Cas wasn’t awake in the next two days, they might still be burying a body after all.
“Nothing! Can’t I just have one day where I don’t feel like saving everyone else’s ass?” Dean sighed and rolled his shoulders, trying to dispel the tension between them. He caught the look Sam was throwing his way. “Don’t you dare go there, Sammy. This has nothing to do with me being a demon. I just want a day off.” Dean stared his brother down, willing him to just get the hint. He felt himself relax just a tad when Sam threw his hands up in surrender.
“I don’t know, I quite like the sounds Dean makes.” Dean nearly dropped his cup, and Sam coughed as he seemingly choked on air. Cas looked to Dean, who definitely caught the sassy look he was sending Dean’s way. Cas was done waiting for Dean to man up. “I assume they generally mean that you enjoy what we’ve been doing. For example, I like the noises in particular that you make when I use my-”
He didn’t know how long he stood there, basking in the worry-free space before his legs grew weak and he lowered himself ungracefully on the shower floor. He half sat across his legs, his head resting against the wall, back to the water’s healing. The temperature was still hot enough to feel pleasant, so he just relaxed there, eyes closed, and he took a second to give his regret the attention it wanted from him. He regretted his weakness, his inability to keep his control as he had done for so long before. He loved Dean Winchester more than he ever believed an ex-angel could. He didn’t really know when he had realized it, never really gave himself the clearance to process it all in depth. Maybe he had loved him since their escape from hell, and while he had been enraptured by the soul he had seen, he knew meeting Dean on earth had truly driven it all home for him. The way the man smiled in the face of danger, laughing anytime Cas made mistakes, his kindness despite never having grown up with a model of it, all of this had slowly worked its way into Cas’s entire being, like a virus that he couldn’t sweat out.
He heard a similar sound come from Jody’s chest. “I’m sure Dean just hates that.” He heard the small smile on her lips, the tears in her voice. How could something still make him smile in the midst of all of this?
Until his head slammed down into the pillow in response to Cas’s fingers grazing the base of his left wing, just above where it met his back. He tried to swallow the groan that threatened to force itself out of his throat, clenching his teeth. He felt Cas’s fingers hesitate before beginning to move slowly outwards, gentle as a whisper. This time he let the moan out, all pretense forgotten.
A nurse came by to give them a time update, letting them know that the staff would be ready to begin in another twenty minutes. And as if they had all planned it, Sam watched as the women all stood and left the room, each one holding onto each for support. Sam stood too, but he crossed the gap to the bed, placing his hand on Cas’s wrist.
Sam had been gone around ten minutes when Cas decided to venture into the kitchen, sitting down beside Dean, who had taken to reading a Vonnegut novel while he sipped his coffee. They sat there for a moment before Dean sighed, rolling his damned shoulders again (he was beginning to think he slept wrong), looking just over the edge of his book to meet Cas’s gaze. The angel wore a soft look in his eyes, almost as if he was concerned.
Cas couldn’t believe how the night had flown by. Their first dance had been just over the line into magical, their feet having swayed lightly in time to Zep's "Thank You". For that moment in the night, everyone around them had ceased to exist, all that had been left in his world had been Dean. The green eyes he couldn't get enough of were shining as they danced, shimmering with a love that Cas still couldn't decide if he deserved.
“Life is hard, and it hurts a lot of the time. But,” Dean paused as he folded the towel and wet a new corner to work with, “sometimes the people in it make it better. Family and friends. They’re usually worth it in the end.” He sighed and continued wiping at Cas, falling silent as his mind seems to wander, though Cas didn’t need telepathy to know that Dean now thought of his brother. The pain was evident on his features, emotional and as raw as the wounds on Cas’s body.
“I’ll let you guys know if there’s any change.” Dean called after Sam’s retreating form. He sat back by Cas’s side, comforted only an ounce by the knowledge of what this was. He held onto Cas’s hand as he looked back to find Gabriel looking pensive. “So, about this spell.”
Dean had barely opened his mouth before Gabriel grabbed his arm and they both vanished. Sam decided that he needed to be in on it all too, due to both the need to know Cas was okay and the need to be involved in everything. So he headed down the hall, trying to keep his steps slow and steady. He stopped at the door as Rowena walked out, her face bright and her hair just a bit less tidy than usual.
Dean suddenly sent a horribly skeptical look at Sam, which just fueled the humor Sam felt at their upcoming situation. “And let me guess:  in order for us to gank whatever is doing this, I’m guessing one of us is gonna have to be crowned ‘Karaoke King’, right, Sammy?” Dean looked downright unamused, which of course Sam had to take advantage of. It was his Chuck-given right as the younger brother.
Everything had been somewhat peaceful in the bunker, a movie playing on the screen as they sat as a family in the Dean Cave. Jack was sprawled on the floor, glued to the cartoon on the screen. Sam had been looking through his databases, searching for their next hunt, no matter how much Dean scolded him for not being able to take a break from it all. Cas sat on a pillow in between Dean’s feet, his head resting on Dean’s knee. There was a tranquility around them all, his ‘Team Free Will 2.0’ as he had called them not too long ago. He let himself bask in the quiet of their lives, just happy that he could sit back and breathe for once.
“Well? What are you gonna sing?’ Not that Dean was worried, he knew Cas could handle himself, even if he still hated using him as bait, but he had to admit that he was insanely curious about what kind of song Cas would sing. He tried to not imagine Cas singing something from Frozen or the like. He didn’t want to find out if he could still find Cas attractive after something like that. Singing while the movie played in their room was one thing. He might have to pull Cas’s man card if he pulled it here.
Sam woke with a jolt about 6 hours later when he heard distant yelling, the firm voice of a woman berating the nursing staff down the hall. He wiped his eyes as he looked around, taking in the room once again, noting that the only change came in the form of his brother, Dean having passed out against Cas’s shoulder some time after Sam. He stood as quietly as he could, sneaking out the door without waking his brother. Even in his passed out state, Dean’s face was contorted with anxiety and worry, making Sam wonder how restful of a sleep it would be for the elder hunter.
He tried to speak but just gasped, which caused her to loosen her grip for a moment. Thank Chuck for small miracles in the disguise of vain demigods. “Because my brother is behind you.”
It was John who answered Dean. “Of course we did. We are your parents, after all.” His statement was soft, and he knew Dean and John had come a long way in just the last few hours.
“You are the drug that diffuses my loneliness and pain.” Cas shifted his hand again, down to Dean’s neck, and in a moment of pure abandon, he pulled Dean forward into a kiss, hot and rough in his need. Whether caused by the edge of pain that still existed throughout his body, or perhaps a product of his newfound humanity, he didn’t care to question his actions. Especially when he felt Dean begin to kiss him back.
“I was attempting to wash away any remaining blood and..” Cas paused for only a breath, choosing to not mention the remnants of their time together that had been left on his skin, deciding then that he would pretend that the night had been like any other. He would take his cue from Dean and avoid any discussions that they would both rather not have. “And my legs felt weak. The water felt quite soothing, so I decided to sit here until my strength returned. Unfortunately, it hasn’t quite managed to do so, and the water has grown significantly colder.”
Cas couldn’t believe the life they had now. Were there still monsters? Heaven and Hell? Sure. But as he sat and watched the joy on both of his sons’ faces, he felt an overwhelming sense of contentment he had never known possible. But it was there now, wrapped around them all in the form of tiny hugs and little fingers. Zep had been the most unexpected gift any of them had ever received, but boy was he the most loved.
Cas moved his fingers, splayed wide, soft but quick as he moved across the length of Dean’s wing. Dean lost himself in the sensation, the ecstasy of the touch. He moaned and ground his hips down into the mattress. He didn’t have to ignore the voice anymore, it was silent as pleasure took over his mind.
Dean, however, rolled his eyes. “It’s ‘tribute’, Angel.” Sam wasn’t sure when Dean had begun using the pet name for Cas. He thought it was sort of on the nose, and he occasionally made that known through retching noises, but Cas seemed to love it. He always looked a little happier, even when times were dire, when Dean called him by it. “The line is ‘I volunteer as-’” Dean’s eyes flashed as he realized what Cas meant. “No! You are not using yourself as bait!” The glare he shot Cas was fierce and unwavering.
“Care to fill us in then?” Sam looked almost peeved, and Dean could understand it. Neither Winchester liked being kept in the dark.
Cas’s cheeks ached from the smile that had been plastered on his face for the last three hours. Dean was still chattering on and on about his favorite songs, all the members of the bands, the meaning behind every lyric. Cas couldn’t remember the last time he had seen Dean this animated and happy. He kept breaking off mid-sentence to tap along to the beat or sing loud and off-key to a specific line in the song.
Sam had stayed behind as the five of them rushed away. Dean, of course, was struggling to keep calm as he followed them towards the spare bedroom that had set up for the occasion. Sam had tried to stay relaxed as he waited, knowing he had no way of being helpful and would just be in the way. Even Jack was more useful right now due to his powers, even if the kid looked just as tense as Dean.
So Cas sat there in silence, not looking up, and waited to hear the door close behind Dean. He took a breath, forcing back tears, not exactly understanding the emotion behind them, but nevertheless feeling the pain in his chest grow with each second that passed.
Dean slid the ring onto Cas’s finger, not surprised that it fit like it was made to be there. Dean repeated the words as Chuck spoke the final promises they would share before everyone they loved. “Castiel, with this ring, I promise to stand beside you, your equal, your lover, and your friend, in everything that life has left to throw at us. I may not always say the right words, but when the sun goes down each night, know that you will never be alone. You are my reason for waking up in the morning, and I will strive every day to return to you the happiness you have given me.” The hunter tried to make a mental note to thank Chuck later, he couldn’t have said it any better.
“Cold feet, Honeybee?” He knew Cas was trying to sound teasing, but there was a nervousness there too. Dean shook his head, freeing himself from memories of his nightmare, wrapping his arm around Cas’s waist, pulling him in close.
“You wings, while physically here, exist somewhat… between realities.” Dean turned away with a flick of his eyebrow, facing away from Cas as he slid his jeans and briefs down his legs in one motion. He tried to ignore the fact he was now naked in front of Cas. “Lay down on your stomach on the bed.” Dean looked back, a bit of shock on his features. “It will be the most comfortable position for you, Dean.” Cas was back to the soft tone again, and Dean realized he was comforted by it. He laid down on the bed, pulling his pillow underneath his chin.
Cas removed his hand from Dean’s neck, running his fingers down and across Dean’s chest. He snaked the fingers of both his hands under the hem, pushing it up to reveal the soft skin underneath. Dean broke from him at that moment, and fear surged through Cas, thinking Dean had chosen to reject him in his time of need. The hunter stood however, pulling his shirt over his head in a rush. He pushed the chair back away from the bed, causing it to topple loudly onto the carpet. Cas watched as Dean kicked off his shoes and unzipped his jeans, though he didn’t remove them quite yet.
Dean tapped his fingers along to Zeppelin's “The Rain Song” played through Baby’s speakers. He and Cas had been on the road for about a half an hour, but neither of them had spoken much past small talk. Dean was terrified any second now they would break out in talks of how the weather was right now. He turned the radio down just a bit, before rubbing his hand on the back of his neck.
Dean looked over to Sam, terrified of what he would see. He almost laughed at the comically shocked look that seemed to be stuck on Sam’s features. But the would have required Dean to find the situation amusing and not embarrassing. He went back to the table, keeping his hands wrapped around his mug to keep from hiding his face behind them.
“Cas, seriously man, what the hell are you trying to say?” Dean grabbed his now cooling coffee and sat back down, facing where Cas still stood. “Crayola simple man, this is only my second cup.” He took a sip and waited for Cas to continue as the man came back around to sit across from him.
It was then that Cas first realized Dean he stripped his soiled suit jacket and dress shirt away at some point while he had still been unconscious. He was grateful for that as well, not wanting to know the pain it would cause him to move his shoulders right now. Dean set the towel down for a moment, prodding his fingers into Cas’s ribs, firm but gentle, causing Cas to flinch and suck in a quick breath. Dean chuckled, though Cas knew that it was reflex born more out of sympathy than malice.
Dean froze as he found Sammy inches in front of him, hands gripping his shoulders tight enough that Dean registered that there should be pain. When had he stood, had he walked? Was there pain? Was that this feeling in his chest? He felt his heart pounding so hard, he couldn’t hear Sam anymore. What was it Sammy said? Not important. Can’t be here. Can’t breathe.
“I’m going to marry him.” He felt it hit him all at once. He had thought about what their future might be in this life, hunting and live beside one another, but he hadn’t even considered making an honest man out of his angel. He didn’t know what it would mean to marry Cas logistically, having never attended a wedding in his life, but he knew he wanted to spend his future with the man, and that was enough.
“It is not in the traditional human definition of the word, but my brother’s assertion is accurate. I can already feel my grace growing to create another angel.” There was a sort of peace that came over his features that Dean didn’t understand. Why would he feel peaceful when heaven was making him their bitch?
It had taken the three of them together to carry Cas into Dean’s room, and now they just stayed silent. It wasn’t like they knew what else to do at this point. Dean’s pacing had everyone on edge, he knew that, but he couldn’t help it. It wasn’t until Jack spoke up that he paused.
The silence was deafening as the staff cleared out, the machines now silenced to keep the alarms from sounding. Sam wanted the beeping back, anything that could break the silence and sounds of Dean’s heartache. He held his brother, tight like it would keep the pieces together as they both fell apart, watching the numbers on the screen.
“How would you do it?” Sam jumped when Dean suddenly interrupted him, and he looked to his left to see Dean there beside him. Sam was surprised to see how clear Dean’s eyes looked after seeing him such a haze for that past months, but he guessed he shouldn’t be. Dean had been a hunter since he was four; it had just taken him a few months to find it in himself again.
“I should probably find Cas and apologize.” Sam nodded, heading out of the room to grab his duffle. His head shook as he went, laughing to himself at just how ridiculous his brother’s relationship was at times. But he knew Dean wouldn’t change anything about it for the world.
Cas’s song choice made Dean wonder for just a moment, not only about when Cas had found the time to learn to play the guitar, but how he had hidden it from him all this time. It had obviously been something Cas had practiced extensively, and he knew that the act was done for him alone. That was the weirdest moment of the night; he felt a sudden clarity in the middle of his sex-addled brain. The thought was out of his mouth before he could even think about what it really meant.
Like lightning had shot through his veins, Dean had been back by his side, holding his hand, waiting out those last agonizing minutes until Cas finally opened his eyes. Sam had run for the doctors, who only could explain the act by saying that perhaps taking him off oxygen had been what done it, forcing his body to fight back. But Dean had heard the uncertainty there. All he knew was that he wouldn’t waste the chance he’d been given. Never again would he let worry and fear stop him from living the life he wanted for the two of them.
It felt like an eternity, and Dean almost wondered whether Sam wasn’t going to respond just out of spite, but finally the text flashed across his screen. He threw it into his GPS app, sighing in a mixture of relief and frustration that Cas was just under an hour away. He just hoped Cas would be able to hold on for that long.
“Cas, take it,” Dean looked like he thought he had lost his mind, but Cas was completely sure of his decision. There was no doubt in his heart that this was the correct choice.
“You know that you are able to manifest your wings corporeally, don’t you?” Cas actually looked shocked and Dean tried to not show his immediate embarrassment. He hadn’t known that, but then again, it had only been a few months since he had died. He couldn’t be too hard on himself. “At least I assume that you are able. Angels have the ability to do so when necessary, leaving me to assume you would have the same capability.”
Jody leaned down, hugging Dean, and they were both surprised when Dean actually wrapped his arms around her neck. She held him gently like a child scared in the night, her need to keep him safe shining bright in her eyes as Sam watched from the far wall. They didn’t share words, only a long embrace before she pulled away and moved to the doorway.
“Tracked your phone. Dude,” Dean surveyed Cas quickly, and while he was definitely worse for wear than the last time Dean had seen him, Dean was relieved to see that nothing looked life-threatening. “What happened to you?” His arms reached out of their own accord as Cas tried to move into a more seated position. He steadied him as Cas tried to steady his breathing.
Dean waited for Cas to continue and prompted when he didn’t, “What actually happened, Cas? Gabriel said it was a spell? That Naomi was behind it?” Cas nodded and sat up slowly, leaning against his headboard. Even though he looked exhausted, Dean felt comforted that Cas looked otherwise unharmed so far.
“You didn’t think I’d let my favorite hunters get married without me, did you?” Chuck let out a small laugh, gesturing for Sam to take his place off by Cas, as the giant was also Cas’s man of honor. “You two are my favorite creations, and you completely embody everything I adore about humanity.” Chuck waved his hand slightly and Dean had to look out to his family, hearing small gasps ring out. Their little crowd had at least doubled by his rough and quick estimation. Everyone they had ever lost, including his mother and father, stood out there now, each and every one of them smiling widely at him.
“Dean. Trust me. Close your eyes.” Dean did as he was instructed, a feeling of apprehension settling into his chest. “Imagine that, as you stretch your shoulders, you are releasing the tension building there.” Dean focused on the sound of Cas’s voice, trying to roll his shoulders as he had earlier, but focusing on the knot he felt there. He tried to imagine it unwinding, loosing and allowing the tension to vanish with it. “That tension becomes your wings, Dean. See them unfurling from between your shoulders, spreading out behind you. Feel you feathers take form and spread to the floor.” Dean tried to visualize his feathers, the weirdest mental imagine he had ever possessed. He felt a tugging in his chest, a strange sensation pulling him backwards. “Let your wings manifest, Dean. Do not fight the pull you feel. They are an extension of your soul, you need to embrace it.” Dean tried to relax and let his soul flow. His lips parted with a gasp as he felt the air hit him, but farther back than before. His eyes snapped open, and he looked to his left, taking in the sight of baby blue feathers. They glistened next to his shoulder, running down as far as the back of his calves. He flexed his shoulder muscles and jumped when he extended the new appendages fully. It was the strangest sensation. Like they were both real and not, both a part of his body, but only an imagined piece.
“I don’t think these things are fitting in the shower, Cas.” He thought about it for a moment. “You said ‘partner’? Will you help, Cas?”
It was one of the ‘trash’ songs Dean despised, something from the aforementioned iPod. Sam tried to shake the shock he felt at Cas picking something so sexual, but he guessed it shouldn’t surprise him too much. Cas had blossomed since joining them permanently in the bunker, that much had been shown to Sam through several examples that were still burned into his retinas.
But tonight he couldn’t keep his hands to himself, maybe it was the sight of Cas rocking his favorite tune or maybe the idea of marrying him, he didn’t really care to figure it out. Instead, he wanted to let his inhibitions go and try something completely out of the ordinary for them.
“Yeah?” Nick looked worn out from a long night of bad music and drunks, but he gave it to the man that he still seemed to have his wits about him.
“Dean?” Cas paused again, concern in his tone again. Dean tried to stifle the groan he felt building.
“Why is it that every time one of us wants to dine, you Winchesters think it’s your job to stick your noses where they don’t belong?” The words sounded like a melody and if Dean hadn’t been currently struggling to breathe, he might have thought she sounded like a storybook angel. But Dean had known for a long time that angels were dicks, and gods were even worse.
Dean laughed, replying, “Thanks. Almost scared how you guys know. Jack’s getting a little brother.” Jack immediately began interrogating Gabriel, as he was closer to the kid, wanting to know every detail. Sam instead chose to focus on Cas and Dean, stepping closer to the bed. He looked like he was at a loss for words, a mix of shock and confusion plastered on his face. Which definitely got even funnier when Dean dropped the next bomb on his little brother.
“Dean?” The hunter almost laughed at the quick reversal of roles they now had. But he couldn’t contain the stupid grin that was beginning to take over his lips as he finally felt the pieces click into place.
“How do you do it, Dean?”  Cas hissed his words, feeling his skin split under even the gentle pressure of Dean’s treatment. The green-eyed hunter immediately dropped the towel from his hand.
“Dean, I need…” Cas groaned as Dean’s hand continued to stroke him, making it even harder to think. Dean smirked in acknowledgment of Cas’s frustration, but he leaned back just a bit to give the man some room to think.
“Great day, you wonderful man.” A devilish look flashed across Dean’s eyes. “Though I have some ideas that could make it even better.”
But then Cas did the unexpected. The guitarist handed off his guitar to Cas, who slipped the strap around his shoulders naturally, like he had done it a thousand times before. Dean heard Sam try to ask Dean if he knew what Cas was doing, but the elder Winchester just waved him away. There was nothing in this world that could make Dean take his attention off Cas in that moment. The sassy smile was back on his lips as he approached the mic a second time, but Dean could sense a small bit of nervousness that hadn’t been there with the first performance. What
? Really? He settled on a gruff sarcasm that he found familiar, pushing away the urge to cry out in exasperation.
Cas shook his head and Dean forgot his coffee as he turned to face Cas directly. “While I am still uncertain how much of you remains a demon, I do not believe that you could incur pain due to improper sleeping techniques.” A light lit his eyes suddenly, and he almost unnerved Dean in that moment in his intensity. “You are also feeling irritable this morning.” Cas didn’t exactly phrase it as a question, but Dean still felt the need to speak up.
Sam watched as Dean came around to hug Jody too, giving Claire a moment somewhat alone with him. It spoke for Dean’s ability to pull it together when he finally hit bottom, that he wasn’t curled up inside a bottle somewhere.
Dean helped him step over the shower’s edge, before releasing Cas’s hands. Cas stood awkwardly while Dean turned off the shower and wrapped a towel around Cas’s shoulders. He led them back into the main room, helping steady Cas along the way. He was torn between wanting Dean to let him be self-sufficient, and his need to feel connected to the hunter. He sat down on the edge of the bed, letting the towel fall to around his hips, feeling suddenly very conscious of how naked he was in Dean’s presence.
“You know why I do it.” Dean almost looked as if he was a second from pouting, but Sam knew he had to keep it serious for Cas’s sake.
Sam caught her arm, gaining a questioning look, but he looked to Dean then, acting on the single moment of clarity he had seen running through his brother’s body in nearly 72 hours. “Dean, we oughta run down to the cafeteria before Jody goes.” Sam looked expectantly at his brother, hoping the man would break out of it long enough to think about food. Dean almost looked like he would ignore Sam, but then relief hit the younger brother when Dean spoke.
Dean gave the slightest of shrugs as he pushed the needle back in again. “I’ve been doing this my whole life. Stitches are easy.” Cas scoffed around the lump in his throat, causing Dean’s hand to freeze for a second as he looked to Cas’s face. He went back to work as he continued to speak. “You mean pain? Life?” He flicked his eyes to Cas’s face, looking for confirmation. Cas nodded tensely. Dean cut the line after tying a secure knot. He leaned back, stretching his neck again. “Honestly? It sucks.” His eyes swept over Cas’s torso, seemingly deciding that nothing else was severe enough to need the needle, for which Cas was grateful. He set it down on the table and picked up another fresh towel to wipe down the blood that still remained. When he spoke again a few moments later, Cas had to listen hard to hear him.
Sam stood, shooting Cas a look of sadness. “I’ll look after Jack.” He headed out the door, and Dean couldn’t help feeling grateful. He wanted to comfort the kid, but his concern was overridden by his worry for Cas.
Eileen laughed. “They were arguing, like always, over music.” Dean caught the look that Eileen and Cas shared, which definitely said they felt like kindred spirits for having to deal with their own Winchesters. “I wanted to know if you were going to sing?” She inflected her eyebrows, signaling that she meant it as a question.
“He says he does. But we know better.” He looked down to meet Jody’s eyes, forgetting for just the slightest second where they were. They spoke in unison, both in a lightly teasing tone they had used against Dean too many times, “‘Anything for my
Dean felt his hunter training kick in, calming his nerves with the ability to shut off everything nonessential to the hunt. Emotions got people,
“Are you ok?” Cas couldn’t help the worry in his voice, wanting to remove any ache his parents’ departure had left in him.
“Don’t do this to me, please.” The words tumbled out of his lips around his sobs, choking him for air. “Cas, I lied. I’ll hate you if you leave. Please, no.” He can’t breathe. Why wasn’t there enough air? But no matter the lack of air, his begging wouldn’t stop. “I promise I’ll tell you every day. I love you. Please, Cas, I love you. You just have to wake up. I can’t- I can’t-” His chest heaved, his head down against Cas’s chest again.
“Yeah Cas, I’m fine.” Dean looked back to his empty mug where precious dark roast should be, standing to get himself a refill. He set the cup down on the counter and reached his right hand over his left shoulder, rubbing at the aggravating area that just wouldn’t quit. He noticed Cas had stood and was eyeing his shoulder with clear concern now. “I’m fine. I just think I slept wrong.”
“I get it.” Dean shrugged, best he could at least while he was on his back, and tried to not look torn up. A hunter's training and years of hardship had given him the ability to hide it all far too easily.
As he had predicted though, Eileen and all others had come up dry in their search for a cure. He felt grateful for the support they offered, but he knew it was stupid to try and wish for something that was so far out of their reach. Change was becoming a fleeting dream that Sam had stopped believing in long ago.
“Look, Cas. I get what you’re telling me. But I didn’t know until ten minutes ago that even could do this. I need you to help me. If anyone has to touch them, I want it to be you.” Dean knew they were slowly headed down a dangerous road, but the tension was building again in his back and his skin was beginning to itch where his clothes seemed to rub him just the wrong way.
Sam had to choke back a sob as he heard Dean replace Oliver’s name in the song. “It’s Cas’s favorite movie.” He opened his eyes to look at her, his vision completely shot from the tears he couldn’t fight. He saw that her blurred hand was now over her mouth, helping her hold back her own tears in response. Sam felt a sad chuckle come again, looking toward the ceiling, and he began to welcome any chance to not just feel empty. “He makes Dean watch that damn movie at least once a month.”
karaoke.” Dean was surprised by the statement, but he let it go, knowing he was sometimes more ignorant of Deaf culture than he led himself to believe.
“You’ve met them? When did you..?” Lost was the only way Cas could describe the way Dean looked right then, especially when John laughed lightly at the interaction. Cas had to take pity on his love.
Dean stood, grabbing his pajama pants off the floor. He winced as he slid them on, making note that he might have to be careful about walking around Sammy anytime in the next few hours. He looked over to the end table, noting that both Cas’s and his phones were still plugged in, so his ex-angel couldn’t have gone too far.
Hands braced behind him, Cas’s jaw hung lax and his head tilted back as Dean pressed his palm over the bulge in Cas’s boxers. Dean only teased for a moment, just a tiny part of his mind staying aware of their position, a whisper in his brain reminding him that they could be discovered at any time. He snaked his fingers back under the fabric, pulling both layers down to Cas’s mid-thigh. A wicked grin spread across Dean’s lips as he released Cas’s cock from his underwear. There was no doubt in his mind that he would never tire of the man before him.
Cas tilted his head a bit to look at Dean’s face as the hunter seemed to lose himself in his thoughts. “Dean, why are you here with me?” He surprised himself with the brazenness of his words. Of course, Dean had come when he had called; Dean always came, no matter their situation. But he could have just taken him to Sam to be patched up. Or a hospital for that matter. Before he realized what he was doing, his hand moved to catch Dean’s wrist and the hunter looked up at him with a sadness in his eyes.
Dean laughed at the statement’s truth. “Yeah, Cas. But I also have ‘an affinity’ for you.” Cas stared him down for a moment before smiling.
His in-laws laughed about something together, before pulling Cas into one final hug. They both whispered a quick word of thank you as they held him. His heart swelled as he squeezed them back, wishing they didn’t have to go. But John and Mary joined hands as they pulled away, nodding at Chuck in a signal to send them on their way. They disappeared as quickly as they had come, and he saw the sadness that Dean held in his eyes.
“What song is that?” Jody whispered, sadness still evident in her curiosity. Sam couldn’t fault her. If he hadn’t heard the song repeatedly over that last few years, he would have not known now himself. “It’s the intro song to
“Cas, if you don’t shut up and keep touching, so help me-” Dean broke off as he heard a small laugh. He looked over his shoulder and feathers, seeing a playfulness in Cas’s eyes that he almost didn’t recognize. Cas leaned down, bringing his chest close to Dean’s back, and spoke, a feigned innocence in his voice.
“I will be fine, Jack.” Cas still wore that exhausted smile (Dean was sure it would be there for some time to come), but he definitely looked happy. Dean almost wanted to thank Naomi for her scheming ways. Almost.
Dean folded into his brother’s chest, sobbing, gasping, aching and crying for it to stop. Feeling himself fall apart as his world was slowly unplugged, one tube at a time.
Eileen held her hand out next, a polite smile on her lips. “I’m Eileen. Hunter and girlfriend of Sam.” She kept it straight to the point, which Dean definitely appreciated.
Dean tried to push away, if only he could get away, but Sam held him tight. “You have to be here. Cas needs you here, Dean.” Dean felt sick. He wished he could throw up the pain and make it leave. He shook his head, trying to deny Sam’s words. Cas couldn’t need him, Cas was- no, his brain couldn’t think it. It wouldn’t be real if he didn’t think it.
Minutes flew by before the monitors began to work their way back to the sounds Sam recognized, and though he didn’t register his emotions anywhere near happy on the scale, he felt relieved that it wasn’t yet the end. The nurses shot them sympathetic looks before they left the room, leaving just Dean and the doctor with Sam. He stepped forward to address the doctor, who still seemed to have a look of concern on his features.
“No, his house is fine. He ended up getting that bar a while back, and now people are turning up dead.” Sam felt a grim look pass over his features, feeling sorry for both Nick and them. He wished they could just leave the life, but he knew none of them would ever be able to live normally knowing what was out there. “Basic story goes, every Wednesday he holds karaoke night at the bar, and for the last three weeks, whoever was crowned ‘Karaoke King’ has turned up dead.”
Gabriel nodded, a bit of humor in eyes, though his face was still dark. “In human terms, he’s pregnant.” Dean shook his head in response, staying quiet as he tried to process it all.
Dean came awake with a lazy smile, rolling onto his side, taking in the dull ache he felt in his thighs. He couldn’t believe, even after nearly three months of living it, that he and Cas had finally gotten their heads out of their asses. He never expected for it all to come so easily; he was still waiting to feel panicked or embarrassed about being with another man, but the feeling never came. Finally making good on all the tension from the last few years felt amazing, if he were to be completely honest with himself.
? Like you didn’t before?” Dean tried to calm the near hysterical shock he heard in his voice. He couldn’t imagine someone, especially someone who was important in his life, not liking music. His life was one moment away from having a constant soundtrack playing in the background.
Fingers wrapped around Cas’s hips, Dean dipped his head deeper into Cas’s groin until he felt the head pressed into the back of his throat. Swallowing slowly once, Dean smirked at the moan that Cas tried and failed to stifle. He allowed himself to gag just once before he pulled his head back, knowing Cas loved that sound.
Cas looked just as determined as he shot back, “I am just as capable a hunter as either of you.” Sam tried to keep a composed face, knowing he needed to stay out of this one completely. “And neither of you two can sing worth a damn.” Sam didn’t even try to argue; he had the vocal range of, well, a moose. Dean, on the other hand, looked completely appalled by the assertion.
Charlie’s smirk softened into a gentle smile. “You look great.” He was glad she was here with him, knowing he might have not made it all the way out here without her. Even though she was the biggest goofball he knew, she somehow knew how to ground him when he needed it. Like right now. Sam had gone on ahead, needing to get Cas ready for everything.
Doctor’s eyes were sad as he began to explain. “Castiel’s oxygen levels are beginning to decay, which is what set off the monitors. His brain may not be sending his lungs the correct level of impulses at this stage of his coma. Mr. Winchester,” he looked to both Sam and Dean then, but Sam knew his brother wouldn’t respond, “I understand that you both care for him. But it might be time to decide whether continuing treatment is for his benefit or your own.” The words were harsh, but the doctor’s eyes were kind, and Sam knew that he only had their best interest in mind.
It may have been only a minute or two later when the doctor nodded gently before giving them the space they needed, but Sam really wasn’t sure of his time-keeping skills anymore. He watched as his brother went back to sit beside Cas, silent again after all the commotion. He watched as Dean took Cas’s hand in his, drawing small circles on the back of Cas’s hand with his thumb. Sam sat back down in his chair, waiting and watching.
Dean watched intently, trying to keep an eye out for anything that might tell them where to look. “Does this thing have audio?” Nick flipped a switch, and while not the most high-definition, the feed now had sound. Cas was washing his hands when Dean saw him freeze and turn towards the door. Whatever Cas had seen was off camera, but it must have been what they had come for because Cas had backed up into a defensive stance. He disappeared off the screen a moment later, seemingly vanishing into thin air altogether. Just before he disappeared however, he had said a word that Dean didn’t understand, but Sam made a noise of understanding before rushing back out of the office.
Dean stood silent as Chuck and Cas repeated the process, feeling complete as his ring was slid into place on his finger. He stared into Cas’s eyes again, smiling as he let himself be overcome by the reality of where they were. He still had trouble wrapping his head around it all, but he was certain about one thing: for once in his life, he was completely and utterly free.
Dean felt his brow crease with a flash of worry as he caught Cas grimace. The man rubbed his temple, trying to rid himself of the headache he had been complaining about for most of the ride. Dean had offered to stop off for some Tylenol, but Cas had insisted that the case was more important. Luckily Sam had found something for him in his duffle, but it seemed to have not completely done the trick. Dean had to remind himself that Cas was not a child and would warn him if there was anything to worry about, but he still couldn’t help being concerned.
“Sammy, call 911! Fast!” Dean held Cas to his chest, wrapping his fingers around to find the pulse in his neck. It was there, faint, but there beneath his fingers. He heard scuffling and his brother’s voice, but it all turned to mush in his brain as Cas’s body tensed in his arms. Dean watched helplessly as Cas’s head flopped back and his body began to jolt, a seizure wracking its way through the man he loved.
Dean nodded as recognition flashed in his eyes. “He wanted to start a bar after Dad took care of it. What about him, is it back?” Sam caught Dean running his hand through Cas’s hair as he talked; he was pretty sure it was an unconscious movement.
“Dean, something…” Cas broke, pressing his free hand to his temple, “Something is wrong.” The words had barely left his lips when Dean saw nothing but the whites of his eyes, blue and black rolling back into Cas’s skull as his legs went out from underneath him. Dean lunged to catch Cas before his head met the floor, just barely reaching him in time.
Dean followed, letting Cas lead to his bedroom. Dean stopped not far into the doorway, feeling confusion wrinkle his features. Cas turned to look back at him, standing next to the bed.
“It’s been so long, Castiel!” It was his turn to blush as Dean shot him a questioning look at Mary’s words.
After securing the end, Dean sat back, rubbing his eyes with the back of his hand. Cas tested his movement, and while still not pleasant, he felt quite a bit better from this morning. “Thank you, Dean.” He felt like the words weren’t enough, but he saw a slight blush come over Dean’s features at the gratitude.
“Cas, these are my parents, John and-” Happy laughter broke itself from between Cas’s lips as he felt himself enveloped in Mary’s arms, her actions silencing Dean. His husband wore a shocked but happy look at his mother’s actions.
Cas sat, looking confused, and asked Eileen, signing as he spoke, “What did I miss?” Dean really needed to learn to sign if Eileen was going to be a common occurrence. He couldn’t look like the only uneducated idiot amongst the three of them. Cas’s ability didn’t shock him, as he had retained his knowledge of languages when he had become human, but now that Sam was becoming somewhat fluent, Dean felt the pressure to step up to the plate.
“Need air. Can’t be here.” Dean felt his chest tighten again. His knees hurt too. Pain again. Why? They were on their knees, had they fallen? He realized he was still mumbling over and over again. He heard sobs and Cas’s name in his ears but somehow also far away. Was he suffocating? Was that why he couldn’t find the air? But words were gone again. Just like the air. Where was the air?
“You two have the world at your fingertips. You may encounter dangers and troubles unlike anything from your past, but together, nothing can stop you. As long as you have each other in this world, there can be nothing powerful enough to break the bonds of love that have been forged both here today and since the fires of hell itself united the two of you.” Chuck stepped back from them, spreading his arms wide. “So, therefore, it is my honor to declare you married in the eyes of everyone here today as witnesses to your love.” Chuck paused, but Dean just kept grinning like a madman. It was so overwhelming that he felt like his mind was stuck in some sort of happy pudding. Chuck let out a laugh, pulling Dean back to reality, and he added. “That’s your cue to kiss him, Dean.”
It was a few more hours before Jody arrived, this time with Claire in tow. Claire’s eyes were red ringed before she even stepped into the room. She had grown close to Cas over the last several years, finding comfort in being close to him. Sam knew she had never wanted to replace Jimmy, but he could see now how much she would be broken again by his loss.
Sam had abandoned his paper and was looking to Cas. “Tell Dean I’m right.” There was a snark in Sam’s voice that was saved only for when he thought he had one over on Dean. If he only knew. Cas tilted his headed and his blue eyes flicked between Dean and his brother.
Cas paused again, and Dean heard a level of breathlessness as he spoke. “Should I be explaining what I am doing? So that you are able to do this yourself the next time?” Dean wanted to weep.
Cas relaxed as he chewed and Dean massaged the towel through his hair. He lied and told himself that the silence was pleasant, that no unspoken words hung between them. But he knew the truth, and it hurt worse than the bruised rib in his side. So he stayed quiet, chewing his burger, telling himself over and over that their friendship would survive this.
“No one ever does.” Jody shook her head, a humorless chuckle catching in her throat. She looked concerned as she stared him down, leaving Sam almost desperate to look away, but he fought the urge. “How is he doing?” Tears shown in her eyes. Sam inexplicably wanted to lie and comfort her in that moment, but every ounce of strength he held was being spent on keeping it together for Dean, so the words came in a blunt honest fashion.
“Yeah?” A sigh left his lips when Sam picked up on the second ring. Even with the tension between them, he had to respect his brother’s ability to pick up when needed. The man was dependable to a fault.
Dean looked back to where Cas was laying. He had lost himself in the craziness of the moment, but he was starting to worry again. Especially since this included spells and angels. Last time that happened, Metatron had kicked them all out of heaven.
For some reason, the question seemed to make Cas uncomfortable, which Dean didn’t understand in the slightest. “Dean,” Cas began, his voice holding a tone of caution, “most angels only groom those they are… close to. Either fledglings in their care or lovers.” Dean waited for Cas to elaborate, but as always, he stayed silent.
“You had the option of taking me to Sam.” He saw an emotion flash through Dean’s eyes, though he wasn’t sure what it was as he tried to understand the hunter’s motives. He continued, lowering their arms but not letting go. “But you are here, washing blood from my skin, after leaving Sam and me there in the street. Why?” Cas felt his heart beating rapidly in his chest, not from pain, but some unrecognizable emotion, feeling suddenly very aware of how close he sat to the hunter, his legs cradled between Dean’s, his hand on his wrist. Dean would usually have chided him about personal space by now if the situation were any different.
Dean pulled into the parking lot of Luke’s Gas-N-Sip, looking anxiously around for any sign of Cas. The station only held one car in the parking lot, presumably belonging to a worker and not his friend, as it wasn’t Cas’s “pimp mobile”. He cursed out loud, wondering where Cas could have gotten off to; he hadn’t sounded like he was in any condition to just take off. It wasn’t until Dean rounded the back side of the building that he slammed on Baby’s brakes a little harder than he usually liked to.
As they pulled away from one another, Cas guessed his father was being a little loose with the terms and conditions, knowing it wouldn’t be easy for Dean to let his parents go. But the clock on the wall was now reading well past midnight, and they all knew what that meant for the party. Chuck approached them all just then, and the look on Dean’s face told him that it was indeed time to say goodbye. Cas watched as Dean hugged both his parents, holding on as long as he could, before passing them over to Sam, who had joined them for farewells.
The younger Winchester stood there for what could have only been five full seconds before sighing and saying, in an exasperated tone, “You guys finally decided to fuck and you flew out all the frickin lightbulbs in the bunker? Seriously? Not only is Charlie winning the bet, but now she has to come fix some shit.” Sam groaned as turned to walk away, shouting over his shoulder as he went, “ABOUT FUCKING TIME!”
Pushing the errant thoughts from his mind, realizing quickly that Cas was nearly done with his second wing already. He wondered about the lost time, imagining that it couldn't have been but mere moments since they had begun. But his cock argued otherwise, straining against the sheets, reminding Dean just how much he was enjoying the sensation of Cas's adept fingers in his feathers. Dean tried hard to steady his breathing as Cas leaned back, his hands freeing themselves from Dean’s plumage. The once-hunter nearly cried from the loss of the touch, needing to find release from the pressure they had begun to build. They sat in a moment of silence, both men’s breaths coming in ragged, halting patterns. Until Cas finally spoke, his voice huskier than usual as he still sat straddling Dean's hips.
“Wait, Cas, ‘our child’? What do you mean, ‘our child?’” Dean waited for Cas to explain, thinking that he would just say that he had assumed they would do this together, but Cas had another punch left in him.
Cas leaned back away, shifting to begin work on Dean’s right wing. His fingers moved quickly, though his touch remained whisper-like. Dean nearly wished Cas would be rougher with him. That might help his current predicament. He swore the light touches of Cas’s fingers were doing more to excite and make his skin tingle than anything else. That and the damn tone Cas had taken with him. Who had taught Cas to be sarcastic and sultry? He was at a loss and just let his body melt back into the sheets, letting the pleasure of Cas’s ministrations turn him into a jello-like mess of demon.
Dean struggled but found his brain right as Cas began moving his fingers wider within him, stretching muscles he hadn’t even known he had possessed. “Cas. More.” He should have been embarrassed by his monosyllabic state but he couldn’t be. It all just felt too damn good.
Cas conveniently ignored the first question, Dean noticed, but he did offer up something in response to the second. “I have found that I quite enjoy music.” Dean’s head snapped to look at Cas, who held a comically pensive look.
There was no question in Sam’s mind that Dean meant it, too, and he leaned against the table rubbing his jaw, massaging the one ache he could actually deal with at the moment.
Sam's head snapped left as the doors opened for the first time in what seemed like days, and he stood, worrying that he may have to restrain Dean if the doctor didn’t come bearing good news. Dean had already begun walking toward the man, and Sam used his long legs to catch up.
“Dean,” Cas started slowly, as if Dean was the one who’s mental facilities needed checking, “why are you green?”
The contact however made Dean squirm and Cas pulled back, whispering his name. Dean lifted his head. He swallowed and then decided to just bury any possible thoughts from here out about clothing and skin. He couldn’t take it.
Chuck cleared his throat, silencing any other wandering thoughts Dean had, and all the whispers that had begun when all the dead people had popped in. “Ready to get the show on the road, guys?” He didn’t wait for Cas or Dean to answer, just kept talking as if they had given him the go ahead.
Cas shot Dean a sickly sweet smile that instantly had Dean worried. “You will find out in due time.” He couldn’t imagine what could make Cas give him that look. It wasn’t like Dean had some secret fetish for country music or something that he was going to out him for. But he let it go, letting them all just relax into a groove of keeping an eye out and catching up with Eileen and the hunts she had been on recently. They also gave Cas tips for his song, whatever it would be, encouraging him to let out his inner rockstar.
Sam didn’t want Dean to sing, he didn’t want to hear the anguish. He couldn’t hear it. So he just pressed his eyes shut harder, willing himself to not listen, knowing he had no choice.
The music slipped into faster songs soon thereafter, a mixture of both their favorite songs woven together in a perfect lyrical display of their love for one another. Cas had found himself and Dean soon being passed around by the women of their family, each one demanding to dance and laugh with them and congratulate them on finally getting their heads out of their asses. Claire promised to spend more time in the bunker with them, while Jody loudly warned them both that she had guns if they hurt one another, the not so empty threat bringing smiles to both their faces.
Dean had to untangle his fingers from Cas’s hair when the angel stood and sent him a questioning look. The hunter nodded, letting his angel know he could use another beer. It still astounded him that they could communicate without saying even a single word. Cas slipped silently out of the room, shaking his head with a smile.
Cas shifted a bit under Dean’s arm, giving Dean a silent cue to take point. “The short of it is that Jack is getting a little…” Dean paused and looked down at Cas and over to Gabriel in quick succession. Both of the angels replied in unison.
Sam heard Dean’s voice break then, and he knew his brother would never be the same again. He hadn’t sung a single Zeppelin song since Cas had fallen under, instead playing with Cas’s iPod during the last months, and Sam wasn’t sure he would ever listen to Zeppelin again. Instead, he was going to pick up songs Cas had liked, just like the Hinder song he now tried to get through.
Eileen leaned across the table, and Dean gave her his attention. “So, Cas is gonna sing?” Sam must have told her about their fight earlier, which made Dean want to hit him, but he held off for now. Eileen flicked her eyes between the two brothers. “What does he even listen to?”
“We need to talk about what’s going on. Our options.” Sam was doing his best to not come out directly and say it, but he knew Dean was going to make him by the look in his eye.
“No, she-” Dean stopped hearing Gabriel’s response the instant Cas began to stir. His focus was completely on his angel in that moment. He barely even registered that Gabriel had slipped out of the door to give them a moment of privacy.
It had taken a little over an hour, but the hospital staff had finally let Sam and Dean into Cas’s room. Sam had been advised that there could be only two visitors at a time, so he had kissed Eileen quickly before sending her on her way home. She promised to start looking for some cure, natural or otherwise, a way to fix this if Cas couldn’t pull through on his own. But, even though Sam had thanked her, he knew there was a dead end ahead of her. He and Dean had been down this road too many times to think they would find another miracle just waiting for them.
Dean heard a clatter, the sound of glass shattering on linoleum, causing him to whip his head toward the bathroom. Cas stepped out, his hand pressed below his nose. Dean was on his feet before he even realized he had begun to stand. Blood was pouring from Cas’s nose, running between his fingers, soaking the light blue sleeping shirt he had thrown on after their shower. Cas met Dean’s eyes, panic and pain written all over his face.
Cas rocked it out with abandon, and Sam was honestly wishing this was just a normal double date out at a bar. He redoubled his efforts on scanning the crowd, trying to keep focused on the case at hand. Dean was going to be of no use for as long as Cas was on that stage. And as much as he wanted to, Sam couldn’t blame his older brother for losing himself in the moment. The man deserved to bask in this. He deserved happiness.
Chuck seemed to wait for him to take it, and Dean even nudged him lightly, but he didn’t move. He just stared at what was being offered, his mind reeling at the possibilities. The safety and security that grace could offer them. Hell, even just a fully functioning leg would be nice. But suddenly, he knew his answer to the unspoken question. He didn’t even need to think twice.
Sam spoke next, which reminded Dean that Sam and Jack were even in the room at all. “Wouldn’t that make another Nephilim, not an angel?” Dean nodded in agreement, but Gabriel shook his head as he wiggled his eyebrows in Dean’s direction.
Sam rolled his eyes, signing to Eileen a translation when he caught that she hadn’t seen what Dean had said. Her face lit up with humor and snark, “Dean Winchester, I’ll have you know, I
Cas tilted his head in a way reminiscent of his old angel days, which brought a loving stare into Dean’s eyes that spread to light a smile across Sam’s face. He was still eternally amazed and grateful that the two had finally gotten their heads out of their asses. He swore that they had been the only two left to not see how hopelessly in love they had been.
“You could help instead, Dean.” Cas felt himself slipping, and he nearly prayed for Dean to just agree and pretend they were the same as they had always been.
Sam smirked, “Dean needs to cut it out with the porn star sex noises. They’re disgusting.” Dean knew Sam was just laying it on extra thick, thinking he could make Dean uncomfortable by roping Cas into it. Oh boy, was he right, but for all the wrong reasons. He wanted to kill his brother right now, but Cas’s response froze anything Dean would have said or done.
Guns already in their hands, Dean pushed through the door to the room where Euterpe held Cas, Sam hot on his heels. They didn’t waste any time, firing off shots as they caught sight of her. She dodged their attempts, but the look of shock mixed with fear that passed across her face did Dean’s heart a bit of good. He was dying to check on Cas, who appeared to be unconscious on the floor, but he knew he needed to take out the threat first.
Dean shrugged, “Zeppelin in Baby, too much Disney, and whatever crappy music Sam put on that iPod he got for him last Christmas.” Cas returned just then, setting a beer in front of each of the hunters. Dean took a sip as Sam scoffed and Cas took his seat with his back to the stage.
Cas froze, towel over his eyes, as he felt Dean’s hand on his wrist. He lowered the towel enough to look into Dean’s eyes, a smile playing across the hunter’s features. In one hand he held another towel, unsoiled and left over from the night before; in the other hand, a mouthwatering burger. He held it out to Cas and whispered, “Eat. I’ll take care of your hair.” Cas took the burger, lowering the damp towel to sit wrapped around his waist, letting him feel the illusion of cover.  He attempted to eat slowly, though the aching in his stomach urged him to shove the entire burger in his mouth all at once.
“There are no other rings like them on this earth, just as there is no other love like the one you two share. They are made of the same metal that I cast the angel blades from eons ago. I thought it appropriate that they symbolize the bond you two share.” Chuck nodded to Dean, who looked back to Cas, taking his hand back in order to take the band from Chuck. “Dean, that ring will symbolize to all who see it your undying love and devotion to Castiel. If that is your intent, please slide the ring onto Castiel’s finger and repeat after me.”
As they all turned to head into the bar, Dean’s arm wrapped itself around Cas’s shoulder and Sammy’s across Eileen’s waist, Dean couldn’t help smack his brother’s shoulder with his free hand. “You brought your deaf girlfriend to karaoke. Good job, bitch.” Sam looked like he might retort, but Eileen’s questioning shrug under Sam kept him from doing so immediately.
Nick nodded and led them off to the side, away from nosy ears and eyes. “So, basically, the last three weeks, all the winners ended up dead. The police are stumped. Nothing else connects them. I figure it’s probably something here. Maybe it’s your type of thing.”
His heart stopped for just a second before it began pounding so hard he almost lost his nerve. Cas was breathtaking in his suit, which featured a long black jacket that subtly reminded Dean of Cas’s old trenchcoat, making him crazy in more than one way. This one, however, was fitted just the right way, giving Dean a look at all the right places of his still slim-but-muscular build. His vest and slacks matched with Dean’s perfectly, midnight black with a white dress shirt underneath. Their only other difference being their choice in tie colors, Dean sporting a blue to match his angel’s eyes, while Cas had apparently chosen similarly with a light emerald one.
“That explains it. Well, Naomi must have known that Cas’s ears were off because she was sending out an ‘all-hands-on-deck’ sort of alert. She found the spell and Cas was the only possible guinea pig she could try it on.”
a capable hunter.” Sam tried to make Dean see reason. He didn’t want to watch Dean mess up a good thing. People with lives like theirs didn’t get second chances. “He led an entire garrison before all this.”
That was when Dean’s heart stopped for a full three seconds. He couldn’t think. He almost couldn’t breathe. Owed all to the fact that Cas was standing there on stage, not only singing Led
“Cas, buddy, sorry to break it to you, but my wings aren’t real.” He tried to express his confusion as he shrugged that he really didn’t know what Cas was trying to get him to do. It’s not like they were actually feathered appendages sticking out of his back. “Yeah, they’re there, but like as energy, man.”
Even with the lasting aches Cas felt throughout his body, he reveled in the weight of Dean pressed on top of him as Dean leaned back in to recapture his lips. And when Dean rocked his hips into Cas’s, grinding their cocks together in sweet friction, Cas couldn’t contain his moan. Dean felt rock hard against him, spurring his own lust forward. Cas snaked his hand between their hips, pushing his fingers below the waist of Dean’s jeans, palming Dean’s cock through the fabric of his briefs. A small smile crossed Cas’s lips when Dean’s head snapped back, a deep-throated groan pushing itself out of Dean’s chest. The sound made Cas feel powerful in that moment, chasing away the helplessness he felt almost constantly in his humanity.
Pressing his hips into Cas, he ground his erection into Cas’s groin, delighted to find an equal hardness there. He took in the sight of Cas’s parted lips, the sound of a groan in his chest before he spoke. “So, you’re a rockstar now, Castiel?” Dean used his full name, knowing how much it turned the man on. He slid his fingers into Cas’s waistband, popping his button open with his thumbs. “That must make me your groupie.” Gripping the zipper of Cas’s jeans between his fingertips, he slid himself slowly to his knees, his other hand trailing a path down Cas’s inner thigh.
Dean spaced out into the movie, a small smile on his lips as he heard Jack asking Sam another of his many questions about the movie on the screen. The boy didn’t seem to understand that movies were just to be watched, that he would get his answers if he just stayed quiet and paid attention.
“It was never my plan because of how we live. And I never wanted a child of mine to be raised in all of this.” Cas looked away with sadness in his eyes, but Dean pressed on, turning Cas’s face back to look him in the eyes. “But having a child with you? That’s the dream, Cas. I want everything life can offer, as long as it’s by your side.”
Sam laughed out loud at the absurdity. “Dean! You’d think you’d at least know if he’s any good. You’re the one
It wasn't long before he felt Cas's movements become erratic, his hand finding Dean's cock again, stroking him in time with his thrusts. Dean pulled himself into up enough to pull Cas down into a feverish kiss, one that became their undoing. Dean ground his teeth, stifling a sharp cry as he came across their bellies. He rode the orgasm that ripped through him, sparks flying through his vision as Cas quickly followed. The angel threw his head back, crying out loudly, his hips coming to a standstill pressed flush against Dean's ass. A vague recognition that the lighting in the room now seemed off passed through Dean's mind, but he waved it away, not wanting to pull himself out of their moment together.
Cas leaned into Dean as the hunter wrapped his hand around the base of Cas’s skull capturing him in a kiss. Cas moaned into Dean’s mouth, until that changed to a gasp of pain as Dean drove himself into Cas’s ass. Cas broke the kiss to bury his face in the crook of Dean’s neck as a new, strange pain assaulted him and stole his breath. There was a pause then, as Dean froze and gently whispered Cas’s name in a sort of worried cry. Cas just nodded into Dean’s shoulder, not looking up from where his face was buried, his arm wrapped tightly around Dean’s neck.
Sam watched as Dean squared his shoulders and crossed his arms in front of his chest. Sam had to keep himself together, right now he needed to watch over Dean as he finally faced reality. “If you’re going to discuss killing my-” Dean’s facade broken just for a second, and Sam knew why. His brother couldn’t bring himself to call himself Cas's husband. That was too much for even Dean. He picked up with only the slightest hesitation. “Cas, if you’re going to discuss killing him, I think I should have a say so in the matter. And I wanna know how it would happen.”
Jody said her goodbyes, somehow looking even further defeated than when she had arrived, though Sam wasn’t sure how that was possible. She hugged him, whispering that he needed to be strong. Dean needed him. They would get through this. All the same mantras he himself had been chanting, though even she couldn’t make them sound any less hopeless than the little voice inside his head sounded.
“No, Dean. I’ll be here.” Dean nodded and stood, following Sam out of the room and down the hall. They walked in silence down to the cafeteria, and Sam almost wished they had a longer hallway to take. Sam wasn’t looking forward to the talk they needed to have. He glanced at his brother, who for once didn’t immediately start loading up a tray of food. Sam wondered whether this was just the beginning of the end for Dean.
Sam started, waiting for Dean to respond, sighing when the man just shot him a blank look. “Dad took care of a poltergeist for him when we were kids.”
Gabriel took a chair from Dean’s small table, sitting as he looked Dean straight in the eye. “I won’t sugarcoat it, Dean-o. I don’t know much about the spell. It’s before my time.” Gabriel didn’t pause or wait for Dean to question that. “There were rumors back during Creation that good old Dad had made it possible for us to reproduce. That he had left us a spell. But I thought it was just rumors. Myth.”
“I’ve got some in the parking lot and a few inside and around the building.” Nick flipped through a few feeds on a small black and white monitor. Dean leaned in close, looking for any sign of what had happened to Cas. Even the smallest thing could make or break their rescue, and he just had to tell himself that they had time.
Sam watched as his brother froze at the words, his eyes becoming unfocused and drifting off away from the doctor’s face. “He’ll wake up though, right?” Sam hated to ask it, he couldn’t be the one to make the doctor say it, but Dean didn’t seem to be in the condition to keep going. He watched as his brother, tears in his eyes, walked slowly back down the hall. He pulled out a chair and sat, head in his hands. Sam looked back to the doctor, realizing he had been speaking ever since he had looked away, but Sam hadn’t heard any of it. “I’m sorry, what?”
Gabriel rolled his eyes as if he thought Dean should have figured it out already. “The same thing that the rest of my brothers want: more angels.”
Any momentum that had been lost when Dean broke contact now rushed back through Cas, making him cling to Dean for dear life. The feeling of Dean against his skin mixed with the pain that still pulsed through his body was a heady combination. He had himself propped up on his right arm, his left hand gripping Dean’s shoulder hard enough that he wondered absently if he was causing Dean pain. But even if he was, Dean didn’t stop him; instead, his hands shifted quickly up to the base of Cas’s neck, pulling him in closer and deeper into their kiss. The taste of Dean, a mixture of whiskey and something sweet like candy, sent a jolt through Cas’s entire being, but most importantly, straight to his cock. Cas felt a groan build in his throat as the throb in his groin silenced all other pains in his body for just a moment. As they broke for breath, Dean snaked his arm around the small of Cas’s back and rolled them.
say what I think you mean.” Dean hissed as he took a ragged breath. Sam watch the agony play across his brother’s features. He wanted to console him, but he knew nothing but Cas would do it now. “You may have given up, but I haven’t.”
Cas felt Dean’s teasing pause completely and watched as understanding flashed into Dean’s eyes. Just a half second of indecision flashed across Dean’s features before the heat returned. Dean released Cas, chuckling when the lack of contact caused Cas to whimper. The hunter leaned over the side of the bed, leaving Cas with nothing but Dean’s ass to stare at, which wasn’t exactly a bad thing. He heard the ruffling of a bag before Dean sat back up with a small bottle in his hand.
“Keep it.” Dean made a noise somewhere between a gasp and a scoff, whereas Chuck didn’t seem the least bit surprised, a soft and knowing smile on his lips.
Eileen smiled and shot a glance toward the taller brother. “I’m good, Dean. Sam said you guys had a weird one and thought you guys might need backup until you figure out what it is.” Eileen signed as she spoke, and Dean caught the heat that flashed between the two hunters, and he felt a wave of happiness shoot through him. Flirting nature aside, he truly hoped what they had survived this life. Sammy deserved to find someone just like he had.
It had been glorious, which was why he definitely wanted to know where Cas was and why he wasn’t repeating the acts all over again.
Heart pounding as he swerved through the semi-crowded bar, still gripping Cas’s wrist, Dean could only concentrate on one thing: how quickly he could get them into the back seat of Baby.
“CAS!” Dean found his voice suddenly, and not a moment too soon. “Didn’t you forget something in my room?” He stared Cas down for a moment before the man sighed and headed out of the kitchen towards the bedrooms.
Dean tried to wrap his head around the idea, but it was too much. It seemed like every time he had his new demon situation figured out, something else came up that threw the proverbial wrench at him. “Cas,” Dean started, wincing at the uncertainty that he heard in his voice, “how do I- I don’t even know where to begin with this.”
.’” They both smiled, and Sam allowed himself that moment of levity before he peered back into the room.
Speak of the devil, they say, though. Suddenly Chuck popped in behind Sam, a sly grin on his lips. Dean felt his jaw go slightly slack, Cas’s expression mirroring his own. If he looked around in that moment, he would guess that everyone else was sharing it, too. It wasn’t every day that God himself popped in on you, especially when the world was apocalypse-free.
Cas ignored his warning, “Talking helps to distract me from what you’re-” Cas hissed again as Dean pulled the fishing line through, “doing. How, Dean?” He pressed, hoping Dean would talk to him, helping him to ignore all the different aches he felt.
Kicking himself internally for thinking they might actually get a break now that Michael was dead, Dean paced the room as they waited for Rowena to return their call. There was nothing else he knew to do now, and that was what was killing him the most. He could deal with fights to the death, actual solvable problems that he could place in his sights. But he didn’t even know where to begin.
Cas felt his orgasm building, it was seconds away, just out of his grasp. He wanted so badly to feel it, but it seemed to elude him like the lyrics of a long forgotten song. That was, until Dean’s thrusts suddenly become uneven and the hunter cried out, a single word upon his lips, ”Castiel!” His name on Dean’s lips, his
“Yes, Cas?” Dean’s hand had slowed, but of course he hadn’t stopped. That would have been too easy on his brain. Cas struggled to think around the sensations coursing through him. Never had he wanted more for a sensation to both continue and stop at the same time.
Cas’s head swam from their actions, and he realized he was just acting on his gut instincts now. A passing thought wondered if he should be ashamed of how lost he was in Dean, but it flew away as quickly as it had come. Cas had long passed the point of going back, about the time he had stopped processing each movement individually, now just registering how quickly they were both breathing, hands fly over each other’s skin, the taste and feel of the thin layer of sweat that covered them both. Cas found a moment of clarity and realized that, while he had never felt pleasure like this, he needed more. Dean was stroking feverishly over Cas’s cock, while Cas’s hands now clawed Dean’s back as his hips thrust into Dean’s hand.
He looked back to Dean, who had that devilish grin back on his lips. “Wanna ditch these guys and see how good we can make the rest of our night?”
Dean felt Cas’s head drop to his shoulder as laughter erupted from Cas’s chest, the sound of his lover's zipper registering in Dean's ears. He turned to face Cas, a bit of the giggles working itself through his chest as well. He pulled his angel forward into a soft kiss, feeling arms wrap themselves around his waist. He smiled as he pulled back, the sparkle in Cas's blue eyes mirroring the humor he felt at their near discovery. He slipped out of Cas's arms, catching his hand and pulling him back toward the call of duty. No matter how much he wanted to stay outside and repeat more of what they had just done, he knew they both needed to get their minds back in the game.
“The Winchesters! It’s been so long.” Nick stuck his hand out to shake their hands, Sam and Dean both taking a turn. “I was sorry to hear about your dad. He was a good man.” Dean felt the same old pain he always did when his dad was mentioned by someone who they had helped over the years, but he pushed it away, focusing on the case ahead of them.
“Never. Just lost myself for a second.” He dipped his head to capture Cas’s lips, forgetting entirely where they were. Until, that is, he heard Sam’s voice calling across the clearing.
“Cas, you’re kinda killing the mood.” Dean tried to pull Cas back in, but the angel pulled away. “Really, Cas? Is now the time to talk about our feelings?”
He was still internally debating, ignoring what was sure to be a heavy bitch glare from Sam, when Cas walked into the kitchen. Dean’s heart leapt with the sudden opportunity to change the topic to something much safer. He extended his cooling cup of coffee to Cas, who took it in stride to sit next to Sam, and began pouring himself another. He had just opened his mouth, not sure what he’d say, when horror struck.
Dean didn’t wait. He crawled quickly over to Cas, wiping green slime away from his own eyes before placing his hand to Cas’s shoulder. Luckily his angel came awake almost instantly, a look of shock and confusion plastered across the man’s features.
“I know, Cas.” Dean nodded, looking out into the garage. “I know you mean it. You’re just fighting against a lifetime of doubt.” Cas watched for a moment, content for that brief second to sit in silence. Dean turned back, the smile back in place. “Why would
Dean couldn’t help it. He burst out laughing. He pulled Cas into him, kissing him hard before grabbing his remote and settling into the bed for a good cuddle. What a night. Wings are real. Charlie actually won a bet. Sam was cool with all.
Cas’s fingers shook as he fumbled with the keypad of the phone. Luck had been on his side when he had found it in Theo’s pocket after he had killed the angel. Blood stung his left eye as he tried to dial, the pain in his chest making it hard to think. But he somehow found the clarity of mind to remember the digits he needed, maybe through habit or just plain strength of will, and he pressed the phone to his ear as he leaned his back against the wall behind him. He slid to the ground as another wave of pain made his legs unsteady. It had surprised him that his legs had held out as far as the gas station before collapsing. But he had needed to know that he had made it away from Malachi’s men. Despite making it here however, he wasn’t sure how much farther he could make it on his own.
Dean nodded quickly, trying not to think too much. “Yup.” Jesus, that’s all he could manage? His inner mantra seemed to just keep repeating:
“Just because it was written after 1979 doesn’t make it crappy.” Sam shot a bitch face at Dean, who of course completely ignored his little brother’s opinion.
Looking over to Charlie’s questioning gaze, he nodded once and broke the line of trees. Everyone who meant anything to him was there. A handful of hunters from across his years, some from back before his dad had passed away. Eileen and Sam stood near the back, his brother looking ready to lead the ceremony. Linda Tran wore a gentle smile, standing a few feet from Garth and his wife. Jody with her girls, Claire and Alex. Donatello was even chatting up Donna Hanscum. But of course, none of this even registered in Dean’s mind. Every molecule of his being honed in on Cas.
“I need... “ The words escaped him, his brain felt like it was stuck struggling through mud. Any other time, he would be able to explicitly describe any sexual technique. He may not have performed them himself, but he had been an angel, after all. Centuries of watching humanity meant he really had seen nearly everything that the humans had come up with. But with the weight of Dean between his thighs, Dean’s calloused hand lightly teasing, all that knowledge was suddenly gone from him. “I need… more.” He fumbled over the words, knowing they were completely unable to articulate his intent. But he stared into Dean’s eyes, trying to will him to understand.
Dean seemed surprised when Cas let his wrist go in favor of placing his fingers under his chin, turning his head in a move reminiscent of how Dean had done just a bit earlier. “You still don’t see yourself, do you?” Cas’s eyes were soft as he met the gaze of the hunter, and Dean looked as though he were a frightened animal, too scared to look away from the oncoming headlights. “Why do you think I chose to call you, Dean?” Cas’s lips turned up slightly at the corner as he continued, “Whenever I am hurting or lost, I find myself looking for the comfort of your presence. You are far from poison, Dean Winchester.” Dean opened his lips to protest Cas’s claims, but the hand at his chin slid slightly to Dean’s cheek and it silenced any protests he had. Cas realized in that moment that his heart was no longer just fluttering, but pounding in his chest, his torso leaning forward towards Dean, who seemed to have slid even closer as they talked.
Ever since Dean had come back home after awakening as a demon, Sam had seemed on edge. Dean didn’t exactly blame him, he knew he would have felt the same if the tables had been reversed. Hell, he wasn’t sure he would have been able to let Sammy out of the dungeon. When the spell hadn’t worked, Dean had been sure Sam was going to leave him there to rot. But when Sam and Cas had taken a moment to assess their next plan of attack, the three had all come to the conclusion that the spell had not been completely fruitless after all.
Sam looked taken aback at Dean’s harshness, and the elder brother really tried to feel apologetic, but the emotion just wouldn’t come. “What’s the matter, Dean?” Sam looked concerned for Dean, which of course just set Dean’s temper off further.
Cas stepped away from the mic for a moment, walking over to talk to the band. Dean couldn’t hear anything they said, just seeing them nod as Cas talked. Nick had taken that as a sign that Cas was going to go through with it, and had headed off the stage, coming over to them.
He tried to relax, which was near impossible once Cas stepped to the edge of the bed. “I can either stand here next to you, or..” Cas paused, allowing Dean time to process. Dean nodded, letting Cas have the opportunity to elaborate. “It seems easier if I were to join you on the bed.”
“That’s supposed to come at the end of the ceremony!” Dean pulled away with a blush, seeing Cas’s eyes twinkle with humor. Their family laughed around them, and Dean felt whatever nervousness he still held flee him. Keeping his arm around Cas’s waist, he led them back up to where Sam stood, book in hand, ready to lead them in the ceremony. Thank Chuck for online ordinations.
Dean near constantly stood by his side (when he wasn't being manhandled) during the remainder of the party, reintroducing him to every person he could, a look a pride on his face that stole Cas’s breath when he looked at it for too long. He would never get tired of seeing Dean this happy. He hadn’t yet had a chance in all the crazy happiness around him to speak with his new in-laws, but Dean seemed eager to remedy that.
“Yes, Dean.” Cas paused and looked a bit concerned. Dean knew Cas could probably read the hesitation he felt. He knew it was written clearly on his face. “If you do not wish to-”
Next, I want to say thank you to all my Betas. They not only were there for me to help with grammar and spelling, but they were also some of my biggest cheerleaders. History, Umbrie, Deancebra, and anyone who just helped me bounce small ideas around, you people are the real Angels. For real, you people got me through this.
He didn’t have words, but he knew Cas wouldn’t need them. He had told him countless times that they were family now. Cas was his brother, blood or no blood. Sam patted Cas’s hand once before walking away, feeling himself breaking down fast. He leaned against the wall just outside the door, trying to fight back his tears. But when he heard Dean begin talking, all hope he had was gone. It took everything he had to not end up on his knees then and there.
Against the back wall of the building lay a body, though the lack of lighting made Dean unsure of whether it was Cas or not. What he wouldn’t give to have Cas back in his trenchcoat again; that thing stuck out like a sore thumb. He put Baby in park, threw the door open and cautiously approached the body, his gun finding its way into his hands just in case this was some trap. But as he grew closer, he saw that the body was indeed Cas, and he was covered in blood, the discarded phone lying near his hand. Dean holstered the handgun and dropped into a crouch next to Cas’s unmoving form. He reached to check for a pulse, but as his fingers touched Cas’s neck, Cas’s eyes flew wide with fear. It passed and was quickly replaced with a mixture of pain and relief.
“If you would like to be, yes. I know this was never part of your plan and-“ Cas stopped talking when Dean placed his fingers to Cas’s lips.
Not too much time passed (for Sam at least, Dean complained endlessly that it was taking forever) before Gabriel popped in beside Dean, somehow completely dressed in his fake Dr. Sexy costume, a giant grin on his lips. Sam’s heart relaxed at the excitement he saw in Gabriel’s eyes, knowing it was all going to be just fine. That didn’t exactly translate to Dean, who just seemed like he was tense enough to punch out Rocky Balboa at any sign of danger.
“Sam,” Jody’s voice pulled him back to reality, worrying him over how easily he was disconnecting, “I meant Dean. How’s he handling all of this?” Sam was surprised that Jody would even need to ask, but he thought she might just need confirmation of her fears.
Gabriel turned back to Dean then, and there was anger in his eyes. “Naomi did this.” Anger might even have too soft a word for the emotion he saw in Gabriel’s eyes as he named Cas’s attacker.
“What exactly does the spell do? Gabriel said you’re pregnant, but that can’t be right, can it?” Dean watched Cas’s face, waiting to see the denial he wanted from him, but it didn’t come.
Dean looked to Cas then, wanting to know his angel’s answer as well. “Yes.” Dean waited for Cas to elaborate, but when he just lifted his beer to his lips, he realized Cas thought that was a sufficient answer.
He moaned again as Cas leaned away, taking Dean’s cock in his hand. His hips thrust of their own volition, jerking unevenly. He pressed his eyes closed as he felt Cas’s fingers move, the movement light again, frustratingly so, reminding Dean's skin of the previous actions that had led them here. If any momentum had been lost in their talk, it all came rushing back into Dean. He groaned as Cas moved, trying to shift himself to gain better friction. “Cas, please.” There it was again, he was begging again. He couldn’t even believe himself in that moment, but somehow he couldn’t even feel embarrassed. The strokes of Cas's hand felt too good. He felt Cas release him, and his eyes flew open in that second, shock motivating him to pay attention.
“You proclivity for women has never been a secret.” Cas thought it was an obvious statement, but Dean just laughed again. Cas shook his head, feeling a smile creep onto his lips as well. “What is funny about this, Dean?” Cas leaned in as Dean pulled him into another kiss. It was unlike the night before, less frantic and more along the lines of sweet, but left Cas just as breathless.
“I’m right here, Baby.” Cas turned his face into Dean’s palm with a smile before his eyes finally opened. There was a look of tiredness there that Dean didn’t care for, but he let it go for now. “How are you feeling, Cas? Gabriel told me… something about what’s going on.” Cas’s eyes bugged a bit at the mention of his elder brother, but he seemed to just accept that Gabriel was just, well, Gabriel.
“Sorry, bro. Didn’t mean to interrupt, but these two wouldn’t wait any longer.” Gabriel stepped in and took sat back down. A lollipop appeared suddenly, hanging out of his mouth like a cigarette. Dean shook his head with a chuckle and sat back against the headboard, half on and half off the bed. Cas leaned into him and he felt his smile spread wider as he put his arm around his angel’s shoulders.
“Wanna let us in on it, Sammy?” Sam paused as if he were just realizing the whole group had followed him outside. Dean could both smack him and kiss him for all his obliviousness. Of course, he held both back, needing the giant to just get to the point as quickly as possible.
“Dean, Castiel was lost to you the moment he held you in hell. Every moment between that one and here has been a path of his choices centered around his love for you.” Dean wished he could have only seen it sooner in their path together, but again, he wouldn’t change their story even one tiny bit. “Somehow, even after finding out about all of your strange quirks, he still thinks that you’re funny and doesn’t mind that you blare Zepplin every time you get in the Impala.” Dean couldn’t help grinning as he heard their family let out small chuckles. Cas had the most brilliant smile on his features, his eyes glistening with unshed tears of joy. “No matter how much you hate yourself some days, my son will always be there to remind you that you are not worthless. You have value with him, and in him, you see a better version of yourself. Never let that go.” Dean nodded flicking his eyes to Chuck, wishing he could express just how grateful he was that this one special angel had somehow rebelled all those years ago,
“Dean-o, think bigger.” Gabriel gestured back to Cas with a flick of his thumb. He tossed a piece of candy into his mouth as he continued, distracting the hunter with the absurdity of the action at that moment. Dean wasn’t even sure where Gabriel had pulled it from. At this point, he might even just magic them out of thin air, no one could say for sure. “Cas isn’t
Before she could process his words past her confusion, Sam shoved the stake soaked with holy oil through her rib cage. She gasped and released Dean, who hit the ground with broken gasps. She staggered back, looking at the wound before she screamed and exploded in a green goo that covered both brothers.
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean didn’t elaborate, knowing the angel would understand him. He always seemed to when even Dean didn’t understand himself.
Cas’s brow creased. “I was not implying that we need discuss relationship status, Dean.” The saltiness of Cas’s tone ricocheted through Dean like a whip of heat. There was a sassy playfulness in Cas's tone that just begged Dean to kiss him again and taste the words on his tongue. “I do, however, believe we should make it known how far we would like this to proceed.” Dean took a moment to process what Cas seemed to mean. He realized what it was that Cas needed to hear, but somehow he found his voice stuck in his throat.
Cas paused in his musings to process that the water had begun to run quite a bit colder. He lifted his head away from the wall, but he was unsure whether he would be able to stand on his own. Crawling himself out of the shower was one option he didn’t really look forward to, so he was both relieved and embarrassed when he heard the bathroom door open roughly.
Dean felt Cas shift under his arm. “We believe so. We still are unsure of what it is, but we’ll do everything within our ability to stop it.” Dean still felt impressed when Cas interacted on their cases, the hunter had come such a long way since his angel days.
Dean sighed as his head hit the pillow and he felt Cas pull out of his body. He couldn’t believe what they had just done. Part of him was shocked, trying hard to yell loud enough that he would pay attention to the fear he felt. But the largest part of him wondered how it hadn’t happened yet. They were closer than anyone else in his life, even maybe closer than he and Sam were, if he were being honest with himself. Hell, he was more open and comfortable with Cas than he had ever been with Lisa or Cassie. It was definitely a shock to think he could have had this from the beginning. He could have been fucked right down into the sheets and feeling this good for years now.
After several rings, Cas sighed as Dean’s voice came across the earpiece. There was something about the man that always consoled his mind, even when his body was screaming in pain. “Who is this?” He sounded gruff as ever, which made Cas chuckle until the pain shot through his ribs.
Crossing the room and out into the hall, Dean stopped by the bathroom, hearing the water running. Sam’s shower was down the hall, so unless he randomly chose to steal one in Dean’s, it had to be where Cas had run off to. Not entirely weird by any means, but Cas had definitely shown his appreciation for “water conservation”, as he liked to call it, so Dean felt a bit miffed. He nearly went in to interrogate the man but paused just before turning the handle. He had been trying to shake his insecurities over the past months and part of those included giving Cas his own space to be his own person. He told himself that Cas probably just needed a morning to himself as he headed to the kitchen, nothing was wrong with that.
“Damn!” Dean exclaimed, bending down to grab something from the floor next to the bed. Cas saw a needle in his hand when his face came back level with his own. “That’s gonna need stitches. And it won’t be pleasant, Cas.” Dean set the needle down on top of the stack of clean towels before looking frustratedly toward Cas’s offending collarbone. Realizing the position they were both in didn’t leave much room for Dean to work, he quickly sat up further and turned toward Dean, swinging his feet over the edge of the bed, his knees knocking into Dean’s. The man looked as if he were about to stop him but Cas shot him a look that he hoped told him he could manage and not one that said he might just throw up from the pain of it.
“I understand that your relationship with your brother is in flux, but he still needs you.” The uncertainty on Dean’s face broke Cas’s hold on his tongue, causing everything he had felt since waking that morning to fly out of his mouth before he could think twice. “I need you here with me, Dean. I understand the regret you harbor from our actions last night, but I know I cannot do this-” he gestured around himself in general, “-being human, without you.” He paused, realizing how out of breath he was, anxiety growing in his chest. Especially when he met Dean’s gaze, who now looked like he thought Cas was crazy or maybe had sprouted a second head.
, Sam felt himself tense up, preparing for the worst. The brothers waited, with Dean pacing again in the same way he had on the day they first found Cas collapsed. Sam had no idea what to do, though he took comfort in the odd feeling of familiarity he felt in being alone by his brother’s side.
Bitchface status was confirmed when Sam spoke next. “Why don’t you do it?” Sam’s tone was clipped and sharp, causing Dean’s heart to ache. He knew he was the cause of it, but he couldn’t bring himself to head home to the bunker just yet. Not after everything he had done recently to those he cared about. Sure, Kevin’s death hadn’t been by his own hand, but it was his actions that had gotten them there and no one else’s. There wasn’t any blame left for Sam either, since he was the one who tricked Sam into allowing an angel to wear him as a meat suit. All those unaddressed issues had to be placed on the backburner right now, though.
Dean felt his lips turn up at the corners as Cas’s hips began to unevenly thrust, alerting him that his angel was growing closer to the edge. If he changed tempo or rhythm now, he might be able to tease Cas along for a bit longer, knowing exactly how and where to touch him to keep Cas riding the edge for hours. Years of practice had made him an expert on how Cas liked to be touched, something that Dean very much prided himself on.
“Cas.” Dean swallowed, forcing his mind to ignore the pleasure ricocheting through him just long enough to get it out. Somehow Cas’s demeanor wasn’t helping either, but he tried to ignore that too. He breathed deep and tried to muster something, anything sexy or coherent. Two words were more than enough, and all he could manage: “Fuck me.”
Dean wanted to weep for the lost time. He wished he could take Cas back to the beginning and start a proper musical education the day they had met. At least there would be one thing he couldn’t mess up. “Well, no time like the present, bud.” Dean fumbled through his tapes while trying to keep his eyes on the road. He pushed his favorite Zeppelin tape into the deck. “It’s about time I educate you.”
Cas seemed to take in his current state before nodding. His wings vanished from sight, and he pulled his trenchcoat off to lay it on the chair at Dean’s desk. “Before I agree, you should know that you will need to be naked for this, Dean.” Dean felt like Cas had sucker-punched him.
Dean found himself writhing once again, but now, both to his shock and amusement, he felt Cas hard against him, his hips moving in rhythm to his fingers. The movements were small, but definitely something surprising for Dean. Where exactly had the naive angel gone who hadn't been comfortable in 'the den of iniquity'? What exactly had changed for the angel? It couldn't possibly be the current circumstances, of that Dean was quite sure. He had never caught a hint of desire from Cas, and now his face was pressed into the pillow, Cas's cock against his ass.
Thank you to everyone who read all the way to this point! You guys stuck it out, and I have to know:
Ire gone from his eyes, Cas wore a look that said he was waiting for Dean to catch up, which would have made Dean laugh if it hadn’t been for the implication. He couldn’t accept what he thought Cas was trying to say. There was no way it was possible.
Dean sighed again, “I thought…” He paused, seemingly to try and find the correct words. He looked away for a moment, causing Cas to worry that he was beginning to shut down as he did with everyone else in his life. “I meant it when I said I was poison. Maybe helping you like this was my way of feeling better about what I’ve done.” He shook his head, looking as if he were trying to chase away something unpleasant in his mind.
. Dean couldn’t even process how the entire effect of Cas, sound, image, and all, hadn’t made Dean lose control and cum right then and there in his jeans. It was the single most sexy thing he had ever laid his eyes on. He later blamed it on shock and not his iron will.
Dean paused his stroking of Cas’s hand, looking up in shocked anger. “Why Cas?” Dean wanted to slam someone’s face into a wall. He didn’t know who, but someone. Anything to make this better and to fix the shit Cas was going through. “Just because she needed a fall guy?”
Cas took a moment to breathe and to wallow in his self-pity. This life wasn’t one that he was cut out for. Being human had made him so weak; he would just be a burden to the brothers if he tried to stay around. He sighed, knowing that last night had been a mistake. He had enjoyed it, more than Dean would ever know, but therein was his problem. There was no doubt in his mind that Dean had woken with regret after their actions the night before; the fact that Dean had snuck out before he woke was proof enough on its own.
It was about six horrible renditions later that Nick announced that the band was ready for their last singer, a new arrival, Castiel. Dean felt a smile creep across his face as Cas left the table, but again that nervousness returned as Cas shot a sassy look over his shoulder. Dean saw that Cas had left his flannel on the chair, leaving just a tight black tee to cover his muscled torso. Not that Cas had even been overly slim, since becoming human, he had definitely gained quite an amount of muscle due to their lifestyle. Muscle that Dean definitely appreciated and showed his affection for on a frequent basis. Dean had to push his mind back to the case to keep from losing himself in his thoughts of what he wanted to do to Cas when they got back home.
“Go on, ya giant. They’re all fine.” Sam had smiled as he walked past, making a mental note to thank her later. Even knowing what he did, Sam couldn’t help thanking Chuck for sending her into their lives. She had somehow begun to feel like a part of their little Team Free Will, as had Gabriel. He wasn’t exactly sure that they would just disappear now that the baby was here.
killed. “Anything on the bathroom?” Nick flipped the signal through a few channels before stopping on a feed of the sinks in the men’s bathroom. He began rewinding the tape quickly, sending them through a high-speed replay of the last ten minutes or so. He stopped and pressed play when Cas walked into the restroom.
Dean was awake again, tears freely falling, lips moving slowly as he sang softly to Cas. His volume wasn’t much higher than a loud whisper, but the sound was deafening after the silence. Sam pulled back, pressing against the wall, trying not to invade Dean’s privacy, but also wanting to shield himself from the pain. He couldn’t see Dean, but he could still hear the sound of his brother’s singing. They had caught him halfway through his slowed rendition. He tried to force it away by closing his eyes.
It was about the time Cas started walking forward that Dean realized he still stood frozen at the edge of the clearing. Dean hid his wince he saw the prominent limp in Cas’s left leg, the only remaining reminder of how close he had been to losing him. He silently shot a thanks out again to whoever was listening, eternally grateful to whatever had brought his Cas back to him.
“I forgot to grab this when I found you.” Dean held up a roll of flesh colored fabric. Cas didn’t recognize it, but he knew his complete confidence in Dean shown on his face. “Gotta wrap that rib before we hit the road.” Cas wanted to speak, but then Dean looked him the eyes and they both froze for a moment there. Cas tried to speak, figure out the words to say, put everything behind them, but then Dean nudged Cas’s arm, breaking their gaze. “Lift your arm, bud.” Cas did as he was told, wincing as the movement stretched the muscles over his rib. Dean made fast work, wrapping the tan fabric across Cas’s torso.
Dean scoffed internally. The man could be downright infuriating in the shortness of his responses at times.
Sam watched as his friend and surrogate brother took the stage, catching a flirtatious look that he shot Dean. Sam couldn’t help chuckle when he recognized the opening chords and lyrics of “Move Your Body” by My Darkest Days.
The trees were thick around the trail Dean and Charlie headed down, hiding the clearing to come. But he heard the voices of his family, blood and otherwise, just up the way. He paused just before they came into view, smoothing his new suit jacket down one more time. He counted to ten, wishing he had taken a shot of whiskey from the flask in Baby’s glove compartment. But this was one day he needed to be sober as a goat. He smiled as he realized Cas’s incorrect idioms had finally taken over in his brain. Just like every other aspect of his existence had been touched and changed forever by the man.
Dean furrowed his brow. “How does making Cas sick give her more angels? Is she trying to get him to come home?” Dean looked back at Cas, still silent and unconscious on the bed.
Usually, it was easy to focus, Cas being just as determined to save people and hunt things. He took their family business seriously, for which Dean was grateful. They worked incredibly well as a pair, their ability to read each other silently having saved their asses in cases too many times to count. Dean sometimes even thought Cas had become a better partner than what he had in Sammy, though he reasoned that might be pushing it.
“What now, Sammy?” Dean tried to reign in the irritation in his voice, but it was damn hard this early in the morning. If it weren’t for the hunter’s intimate relationship with insomnia, Dean would still be wrapped in his comforter, sunk deep down into his memory foam. “Who do we have to save now?”
But, even though Cas had denied otherwise, Dean still knew he was poison. Everything he touched was ruined beyond repair. Sooner or later, Cas would finally see it too, and he would lose everything that was perfect in his life. He pulled Cas closer into his shoulder, memorizing the way he felt there in his arms, knowing it would all be over in the morning.
“If ever I have seen two people more in love, I can’t remember them now. So, in that feeling, now is the time to make your promises to one another, to share what this life you will lead will become.” Chuck paused again, letting them both have a moment to compose themselves.
“How are you not dead?” Dean almost wished he could be less blunt, but his need for Cas to be alright trumped any polite air he would have attempted.
“Call Garth and have him send someone with you!” He hated getting into it with Sam. He really did. He wanted to feel bad about it, say he was sorry, go hunting. But honestly? Dean Winchester was a tired black-eyed bastard and he just needed a break.
“Thank you for coming to find me, Dean.” He winced as Dean wiped, and he tried to stay as still as he could. A sharp pain radiated throughout his lower chest when he moved too much or breathed too deeply. He had never felt pain like this in his existence; it made it hard to focus on any one thing at a time.
Cas’s head swam from the new pain. “How do you do it, Dean?” He spat the words between his clenched teeth. A tear leaked past the corner of his eye and down his left cheek, stinging another cut on his jawbone.
And best of all, Cas was right there, curled into his side. What a day to be Dean Winchester, indeed.
“But weddings are one of the weirdest things humanity ever dreamt up.” Chuck shook his head in the way one might regard the actions of a silly child who knew very little of the world around them. “Because with or without a wedding, you would still have each other. Today is not the thing that will keep you two together. It isn’t some paper that you can hang on the wall, proclaiming to all that you have promised yourself to one another. It is your love that will keep each other grounded, keep you from falling to pieces, keep you sane when the world seems impossible to live through.” Chuck paused then and Dean made the conscious effort to look back to Cas, his eyes growing damp already from the truth Dean felt that was mirrored by what Chuck spoke aloud.
Cas watched as Dean took that moment to break their contact and slide his jeans and briefs down his hips in an action that was much quicker and more graceful than Cas imagined was possible. As he tossed the garments aside, Cas took the hint and copied Dean’s actions, hoping he looked half as good to Dean as Dean looked to him.
“I feel like I’ve seen this before, but I can’t place it.” Dean stared at the picture with an almost comical intensity, as if just focusing harder would make the picture suddenly divulge its secrets.
“Spill it. I’m not hungry.” Dean almost sounded disconnected, but Sam knew better. It was his brother’s coping mechanism for everything happening around them. He almost asked why Dean had followed him down here at all, but he knew not to push his luck.
, was his undoing, and he tumbled over the edge, his own release shooting across both their bellies. Hot and sated and aching, Cas tried to look up to Dean’s face, he wanted to remember the look of Dean’s orgasm on his face, but the bliss stole the remaining energy left in Cas and he was asleep even before he felt Dean leave his body.
His mouth was dry as he tried to remember how to speak. “D-Dean.” He gasped and sputtered as he attempted to speak, the cause being that Dean had chosen that exact moment to nip him at the base of his neck. He cleared his throat and said the hunter’s name once more, trying to catch his attention. Cas knew he hadn’t accomplished any more force in his tone, but luckily Dean paused to look up at him anyway. Dean’s brow was furrowed as they both tried to catch their breath. Cas tried to get a handle on what he needed to say, but his tongue felt stuck inside his mouth, unable to form the proper syllables.
“He's bad, Jody. Honestly,” Sam hated to say anything, but he found it helped to have someone to talk to, since Dean was completely shut down, “I’m not sure he’s going to make it either. We’ve lost people, that’s not new.” He ran a hand through his hair, feeling a sense of relief at being able to let this all out finally. The last 24 hours felt like a lifetime. “It’s part of the life, ya know? But Dean,” his gaze wandered back out the break room door, towards the hall that led to the two most important members of his family, “he can’t lose Cas. This’ll be the one that breaks him.” He thought back to just hours before Cas fell, and he laughed, a small chuckle that both helped and hurt him in that moment. “You won’t believe this, but Dean was going to ask Cas to marry him.” Sam looked to Jody then, and he saw in her eyes a mirror of his own delight at the idea but also sadness that it might never be. She stood then and reached out to offer Sam a hand to stand.
Which was how they came to be here, surrounded by family, in the middle of the woods in Kansas, about to be married. Cas was smiling wide, though Dean could see the concern in his eyes as he placed a hand on his on Dean’s arm.
Dean almost wanted to smile from the head tilt that Jack wore. It was so reminiscent of early Cas. But he just watched Cas, waiting for any sign of life. Dean caught sight of Sam’s hand going to Jack’s shoulder to comfort the kid, but before he could make contact, a loud banging started at the bunker’s entrance. Sam took off at a quick jog, heading out of the room to grab Rowena.
“I believe that should be adequate.” Dean didn’t wait even a second before he pulled his wings back in, somehow not even thinking about the process, but instead causing them to disappear instantly. He rolled quickly underneath Cas’s thighs, nearly knocking the angel off of him. He reached forward, both to steady the angel and to pull him down. Their chests were flush against one another as Dean gripped Cas’s neck on either side, pulling him into a feverish kiss. Cas’s hands were braced on either side of Dean’s shoulders, his mouth open and hungry as he kissed Dean back with a passion that both surprised and spurred the demon forward.
Sam nodded, but he decided to stop enabling his brother’s controlling nature. He sat down in Dean’s desk chair, turning it backward to lean against the back as he met his brother’s gaze. “You have to let that go.” Dean’s eyes shot to focus on Sam, his mouth opening to shoot a retort, but Sam pressed on. “It’s been three years. You can’t just keep coddling him.”
.” But the argument didn’t feel as strong and Sam knew Dean was giving in. And he finally understood why Dean hated putting Cas in the line of fire. Sure, the brothers were both human (right now, anyway), but they always had been (mostly). Dean, even after the years that had passed, seemed to be having a hard time adjusting to Cas’s mortality.
“Stay still, dammit.” Adjusting slightly to lay back against the wall, Cas watched as Dean set the items down on the side table next to a bottle of alcohol and a bowl of an amber liquid Cas couldn’t immediately identify. Dean grabbed a rickety looking chair from next to the table and sat in it next to the bed. Dipping the first towel into the water bowl, Dean brought it to Cas’s temple and began to wipe away the blood that had long since dried there. Neither of them said anything for more than a minute, but Cas couldn’t stand the silence while he hurt this bad.
“Not much, except that this flower was found at the bar afterwards, each time someone went missing.” Sam flipped his phone around to show a picture that Nick had sent him. The flower was simple and light green in color. “I’ve already looked through databases and have come up with nothing.” Sam handed his phone to Dean when his brother reached to take it, hoping the elder Winchester would see something he was missing.
The nursing staff pointed him down the hall to a small room with a coffee machine, for which he thanked them profusely. He pulled out his phone, sending a quick text over to Eileen that would tell her nothing but what she already knew. And then he paced as he began making the calls that he had been dreading since setting foot in the emergency room hours before.
Too bad for Sammy, with the things Dean had planned for Cas, even soundproofing wasn’t going to help.
Cas twisted the ring on his finger absently, a smile on his lips at the memory of Dean’s gift this Christmas. Dean had always talked about forever since they had begun their relationship officially, but Cas had been honestly shocked when Dean had presented him with a simple band this morning before their entire family, proclaiming he needed to make an honest man out of him. Cas, of course, had forgotten to even say yes to the proposal in the flurry of kisses he had planted on Dean’s face.
