As more alcohol was consumed, everyone gradually began getting louder, and most of them ended up on the floor watching Die Hard 2 with an intensity that only drunk people could really achieve. Tony and Steve both joined them all; Steve lying on his stomach with his elbows braced against the floor and Tony doing the same thing over to his left. Whenever Steve shot little glances over to him, Tony was smiling. It was really nice to see. Made Steve kinda want to kiss him. A lot.
Heads up, this chapter describes scientific experimentation on baby peter and general child abuse themes
“You have NO IDEA what kind of blasphemy you are speaking of right now!” Sam bellowed to Natasha, waving his finger in the air furiously. “How could you, traitor? I thought you were
stupid, right? To fall for a trick so obvious? No way. Thought you’d turn him away at the door. Christ- your ex fiancé turned up at your home after a
“HYDRA just moved their base of operations to within SHIELD itself,” Tony told him bluntly, “they’ve been incubating right in the heart of your precious little organisation; recruiting and indoctrinating, just waiting for the right moment. That right moment is coming soon, Steve. I know it is. And their factions are the ones that have been buying my weapons on the black market. That’s how I found them. Oh- and that stupid robot bastard that just trampled the coast of Santa Barbara earlier? That was them making yet another attempt to take me out. They’d been planning it for months. They knew I’d go out and try to stop whatever they did, and they hoped they’d be able to use it to kill me before I could get to the bottom of their web of fucking lies.”
He felt a hundred miles away from the person he’d used to be, and for a moment, the thought was enough to make him want to turn away. Drop this, before he reached a point of no return.
“Hey, who’s this guy?” Steve turned to the boy speaking, smiling tightly up at him and extending a hand automatically. The boy shook it, although looked at him a little strangely. Probably wasn’t used to kids doing that- he figured it was probably considered old-fashioned.
than Howard? Steve said nothing, leaving his mouth open and wordless in despair as he turned to Thor. He didn’t know what to do. He didn’t even know where to start.
Tony paused, and for a moment it seemed as if he was going to continue to bullshit his way through it, but then his face just sort of…fell again, and he shook his head.
With a sigh, he tucked himself in and then lay his head on the pillow, trying to quiet his quick-paced mind. The cracked ceiling stared down at him as he counted each flaking piece of paint, and he twisted the ring on his thumb around and around absently, before his brain finally received the message that his body was trying to send, and he drifted off into a fitful doze.
“Okay, alright, don’t start,” Thor raised his hands between the two of them and shot them both a scathing look. “Steve, Loki’s right. Tony’s a bit disorientated right now, and I know he looks bad, but it’s nothing that we’re incapable of handling ourselves. If we just keep a close eye on him and make sure nothing gets worse…” Thor sighed, like the words pained him. “Then hospital probably isn’t a necessity.”
She raised an eyebrow and shrugged. He just looked at it for a second, before putting the details to memory and then nodding, shooting her a thumbs up. She smiled back at him before her attention was turned back to the teacher who had been trying and failing to get her attention for the last thirty seconds.
Steve bit his lip, tasted the tang of copper burst under his tongue. Times like these, he missed Bucky. He’d always been Steve’s voice of reason, but he was currently still touring in Afghanistan. It was just Steve.
Sliding on the back expertly, Steve hooked his arms around Tony’s waist and held tight as Tony revved the engine and pulled out. The night was warm enough that Steve didn’t feel particularly cold, but the sensation of the wind hitting him was still just as exhilarating. He’d never get over the thrill of riding with Tony.
He was so perfect. Even though bruises mottled the side of his face, and stitches ran along the top of his shoulder. Even though he could be the most stubborn bastard on heaven and earth, or the
"Phone got taken by Miss Hill," he said mutinously, "turns out I know shockingly little about the history of medicine, and now I'm sat eating rabbit food because I didn't bring enough money for an actual lunch. School sucks."
“Steve,” Loki said warily, and Steve blinked rapidly, brushing his eyes once more, “please don’t start crying in front of me, I don’t know how to deal with that shit, okay. Actually, I do, but it involves narcotics, and I don’t think you’re about that.” The boy paused, before cocking his head and pulling a curious face.
He felt a few eyes on them as they walked up together, but Tony was used to that by then, as were most people in the school, so they barely even batted an eyelash when Steve left Tony at the door of his science class with a long kiss and a shared laugh. They were just that weird Baseline Unhuman couple that everyone was sure was a sex thing, or a forced thing, or a whatever the fuck. Tony didn’t give a shit what they thought, personally. All he cared about was Steve.
Tony was looking at him fondly as he slowly backed off down the street, and Steve had half a mind to tell him to face the way he was walking so he wouldn’t slip—but if he did that, then he wouldn’t be able to see Tony’s face. He decided against it, instead just smiling dumbly at Tony as the man walked further and further away. You’d think after two years they’d have settled down a bit, stopped acting like lovesick teenagers in public. But apparently not. It drove Bucky mad, honestly; he always asked how they kept it up. Steve didn’t really know what else there was to explain other than that he just really, really loved Tony, and Tony really, really loved him. It was that simple.
“Should he stay for more monitoring?” Tony asked, shooting Steve a stony glare and pushing him back a little.
By the end of the call, Steve was having to persuade Sam not to bunk off school to come help out. “Your mom will literally go nuts,” Steve told him with a half-laugh that was tinted with nervousness, “she already must think I’m completely off the rails, I don’t want her to think I’m dragging you down with me as well.” When Sam sounded as if he was going to argue, Steve continued. “Anyway, I don’t think… I think it’d be hard for Tony. To see people, and know that they know. Even if it’s you. He doesn’t…”
“Sixteen in a few weeks, come on,” Steve argued on autopilot, “and Tony’s only just had his birthday. It’s like, a year difference.”
Steve frowned. “But all—the assets were all killed by Zemo back in 2016, that doesn’t make sense—” he paused, face falling. “Unless they’ve started up the program again.”
. Steve was a grounding force that Tony always wanted to gravitate toward. Sometimes, he was the only thing in the goddamn world that could make all the thoughts stop, even if it was only for a moment. His presence was calming and when Tony was having bad days, he always just knew. And he’d make sure not to talk too loudly, make sure to not talk about Bad Things, and he’d touch Tony a lot because he knew Tony needed it.
good with robots. Robots were his specialty, thank you very much, and he wasn’t about to be killed by one in his own home.
Tony squinted, rolling a little further into the warm embrace that he knew was Steve’s arms and groaning softly. “No. Too early. Call back in an hour.”
Steve rolled his eyes and hoped Tony wasn’t going to take them somewhere too foolish- anywhere past the state and he was putting his foot down- but then Tony leaned down and curled their hands together and Steve quickly decided fuck it, he’d go wherever Tony took them.
He sighed to himself, running a hand over his face and then trying to zone back in on the conversation being had between his two friends. They’d moved on to discuss the current feud between Whitney and Sunset, which confused him a little because last time he’d heard they’d been happily terrorizing everyone together, best of buds. Although to be fair, he couldn’t really say he was very honed in on the drama that happened in school. Nor did he care about it, either.
It was as though every release he had been denied yesterday, Tony was determined to give him today. Steve’s chest felt swollen and tight. Every brush of fingertips made him shudder. The suction of Tony’s mouth around his nipples had slick dripping down his thighs. He squirmed in his bonds, enjoying the sensation more than trying to free himself.
Steve couldn’t help the smile that grew on his face just from watching Tony, relaxed and in his element. “Of course you are. Sure, I’ll have another cup.”
“Good.” He moved closer, pulled Steve into his arms, stroked his hair. “I always want you to feel safe with me. I know… I know we play hard. We both like it that way. But I need you to know that we’re more than that. I love you, Steve.”
He begged and pleaded, tears sliding down his cheeks as his desperation grew, the constant denial of release driving his desire higher. A small secret part of him loved it, wanted Tony to control him forever. The increasingly louder voice wanted desperately to come. He could feel his body tensing, the pleasure building higher each time Tony stopped and started working him up again. No matter what Tony asked of him, Steve could only hold off the demands of his body for so long by willpower alone.
Deciding it was best to start as he intended to continue, Tony slowly withdrew the plug from the sleeping omega, sliding his cock home into the warm depths of his body. Steve woke when Tony had seated himself fully, going stiff in his arms and immediately trying to struggle free. Tony gripped his hips firmly holding him still as he set a hard, fast rhythm. It didn’t take long for him to reach release, his knot expanding quickly, locking them together. Unlike the night before, he didn’t touch Steve’s cock. When the omega reached down to stroke himself, Tony pulled his arms over his head, the restraints attaching themselves to the headboard. Steve growled low in his throat, squirming but unable to get anywhere.
“We have the entire day,” Steve informed him, mouth turning to Tony’s ear as his hands settled comfortably on the taller boy’s shoulders. He kissed along Tony’s jaw lightly, unable to stop smiling at the sound of Tony’s laughter. He
"Why couldn't he have been both?" Steve asked, mind wandering unhelpfully over to a room full of blueprints and a jacket full of cigarettes. "They're not always mutually opposed."
The fight waged in the corridor, everyone busy hitting someone or another. Tony was aware of the fact that one of the Enhanced that he’d picked up on his scan wasn’t present, and he knew that he was going to have to wrap this up in here pretty quick before they could get their hands on something dangerous. There was enough science equipment and alien tech in here to start a damn war, after all.
“I can’t imagine what it’d be like to have Tony Stark kiss me,” Jan said, leaning back and hanging her head over the edge of the bed before pulling a face. “Probably weird. I’ve known him since he was in diapers.”
of November. That left an empty house on none other than Halloween itself. And maybe if Tony gave Steve a really,
was the one Darcy had been talking about earlier that week- Heather Whateverthefuck- and suddenly he didn’t feel particularly like just walking away from that.
Tony simply looked at him, his face blank. “Huh?” He sat up a little in bed, leaning back onto his elbows as he observed Steve with a curious face. “She wouldn’t do that. Today is product launch day. I can’t afford to cancel all of that now.”
Pulling off his helmet, he tossed it over to Tony and then grinned, watching in delight when Tony pulled off his own helmet and wrapped his arm around Steve’s waist, kissing him soundly. When the broke away, Tony winked, giving him a quick once over. “Looking good, sweetheart.”
“It’s cool man, deep breaths,” Sam was at his side, shoulder a constant presence next to him, and Steve nodded again- seemed like he hadn’t stopped since he’d woken up that morning- “you can wait out here and I’ll go get the others. We can find somewhere else to hang out.”
“You have nothing to apologise for,” Steve said calmly, voice low and reassuring. Tony shut his eyes and pursed his lips. “This was not your fault. Someone just violated your privacy and leaked that video without your consent, and we’re going to find out who. I’m not mad.”
She sighed again, tugging him in closer and beginning to walk them up the steps once more. Her smile was fond. “You seem to just inspire the best in people, Steven,” she said cryptically, before letting go of his arm to fiddle in her bag, “you’re not actually going to go to that party though, are you?”
managed to seriously injure Tony, so what the hell must he have done this time, now that he hadn’t been holding back at all—
“His name is Steve Rogers. He was recently taken into custody. He’s spent years as an omega-rights activist, trying to recruit support to the cause.”
It was awful, and he was afraid it would never end. What if his body was so screwed up he could never release the way Tony wanted him to? Would he still keep Steve locked up? Deny him any scrap of pleasure?
Tony allowed him some space after they’d left, a chance to think over the conversation, not interrupting him until it was time for bed. Unlike the last few nights, Tony didn’t fuck him before bed. He attached the wrist cuffs to the harness, the ankle cuffs were fastened to each other, and then he pulled Steve into his arms and went to sleep.
Steve was too far gone to respond, shuddering under him as Tony continued to pound into him, chasing his own release. He kept his hand wrapped around Steve, squeezing painfully, rewarded with further cries of pleasure.
Tony scheduled a meeting with the local handler for the Enhanced Program before leaning back and staring up at the ceiling. He had tried looking for a mate when he was younger, just like everyone else. He’d gone to the presentations and galas and shows. Been surrounded by hundreds of attractive omegas who were eager to be claimed by a wealthy influential man. But it had all been too easy. Boring. Tony needed a challenge to keep himself engaged. Maybe this time he’d be able to find one.
A quick stop to SHEILD before they fell gave him a photostatic veil and the ability to return as a much older version of himself. Everyone wanted to believe the romantic lie, making it easier to sell. After that it was easy to pass the shield off to Sam and disappear. He’d take care of Bucky, and the two men would be good for each other. Which left Steve free.
Steve hovered near the doorway, watching Tony hesitantly. When he still didn’t move closer, Tony picked up some of the clothes and held them out to him. “Bathroom’s in there. Why don’t you take a shower and get changed. I’ll have FRIDAY order us something to eat. Alright?”
“And what’s dis experience, cher? Have ah seen it yet? Dere gonna be dancing girls and a light show?”
Tony's eyes were large and dark, hopeful, when Steve finally lifted his gaze to look at him. He had to clear his throat a few times to get any sound to come out. "Yes, Tony. I... I want that more than anything."
He wanted Steve to come like this. To be a shuddering, sobbing wreck whether he wanted it or not. Tony continued spanking him, watching as Steve’s movements grew more frantic, a scream tearing from his throat as he came beneath the onslaught, the trapped come swelling his balls in their tight confines, creating a new source of pressure and pain. Tony forced him through two more orgasms before he set the paddle aside and stopped the implant’s vibrations. “You know what happens now, don’t you honey?”
Steve took the stairs down the few floors to Tony's workshop, surprised to find it quiet when he entered. "Tony?"
The first bite of bread was soft and flaky. The vegetables were soft and flavorful. The meat rich and filling. Steve had never had food like this before. His Ma had always scraped together what she could for the both of them, but going to sleep at night with an achingly empty stomach had been the norm rather than an exception. This man wasn’t just well off. He was rich. Probably used to always getting his way. Heaven knew he already had with Steve. The gentle touch on his arm startled him from his thoughts, sending him flinching back into the chair.
“I know.” He rubbed his cheek against Steve’s soothingly as he thought for a long quiet moment. “I need to ask you some questions, sweetheart. Things to help me understand what you need. Will you answer them for me?”
Steve should have known that the invitation to the gallery event would turn into extra opportunities for Tony to spoil him. First, Steve didn't have anything proper to wear, so he had to be rushed over to Tony's personal tailor to have a tux custom fitted. Nothing but the best, of course.
I hope this is enough to make it up to all of you. Thank you to everyone who has commented. The feedback on my stories really helps.
“Tell me.” Tony’s voice was still kind, but there was a steel core behind the words. This was an order.
Tony stroked cautious fingers over his cheek and Steve immediately leaned into the touch. “I thought…”
Steve burrows closer, inhaling the scent of his skin, memorizing it. “I wanted to be someone’s choice. Not an obligation.”
Steve woke early from a night of restless sleep. The new chastity device Tony had put him in had worked for hours, teasing him every time he moved. He had woken several times during the night, desperate and throbbing, cock aching as it strained against the metal. Tony slept beside him, peaceful and oblivious. Steve had longed to press closer to him, wake him, begging for relief. But the genius rarely slept so deeply, and Steve wasn't willing to disturb that. However, a quick glance at the clock showed it was after six, late enough to assuage his guilt.
Steve thrust his hips in time to his small whimpers and cries, trying to find relief, the climb towards the edge slowed by the constant dull pain. Soon he was pleading, begging and whining, desperate for release, driven closer to by the unrelenting pressure, eyes constantly flickering between Tony’s hand on his cock and James’ unrestrained writhing in the chair. After holding his climax at bay for so long, Tony was the first to come, stroking himself through every last shudder. He could already imagine sliding between James’ plush lips, under Steve’s watchful gaze. Later, he promised himself. They had nothing but time. He’d make sure of it.
"I'll tell you what. If you can make it back to the bedroom before I do, without dropping the plug again, I'll let you come. If not, I have something new I want to play with. Sound fair?"
The phone slipped from Steve’s grip, sliding across the floor as his body writhed and jerked from the nearly painful pleasure, ratcheting higher and higher until with a scream he came soft, still locked inside of his cage. And it didn’t stop. The vibrations fluctuated, driving him through oversensitivity without allowing him to become numb to the sensations. Forcing his body over the edge again and again until there was nothing left to give and the torment finally stopped.
Steve started. He hadn’t even heard the other man come in. Tony gripped his chin, gently but firmly turning him until he could see Steve’s face clearly. “I’m alright. Really. Just… Thinking.”
“Just tell me what you want, anything you want, and I’ll do it.” Steve gazed up at him, eager to please. To help.
Bucky didn’t realize he’d been screaming, or that he’d moved at all. The door to the bedroom burst open, Steve and Stark rushing in, hastily thrown on robes mostly in place. Bucky had wedged himself into the corner, was trying to press back into the meeting of the walls, make himself smaller. Escape. Disappear.
Steve shook his head, focusing on keeping his breathing slow, to hold back the onslaught of pleasure. He wasn't sure how long Tony stayed in the room watching him, or how much time had passed. The vibrations worked him up quickly, too close to the edge to hold back, causing him to jerk away from the plug. This resulted in pressing against the glass, electricity shocking his sensitive cock. The restraints held him securely, limiting his movement and his choices. He could endure the sharp pain to his cock, or the incessant throbbing against his prostate. Risk coming too soon or give in to the prickling pain.
The toy sprang to life again, strong vibrations tearing through him, leaving him a needy wreck, tears sliding down his cheeks. Just like before, as soon as he drew close to release the vibrations stopped. He was allowed enough time to relax, when the toy began moving again. This time the ridges along the length of the dildo seemed to pulse and writhe within him. It was a new and unexpected sensation that devastated him completely, one of the most intense feelings he had ever experienced. Cries fell from his lips, his body straining against the restraints, he was so close. All it would take was a little more…
Once there was no longer any danger of him coming immediately, the torture began again. Over and over, he was driven to orgasm and denied with perfect timing. As if the device could monitor exactly how close he actually was. He thrashed uncontrollably on the bed, flipping over and rutting desperately against the mattress, as though it could somehow help his situation. Gain him even the slightest friction against his aching cock. Sobbing into the pillow.
Brought to you by another night of the insomnia special. I really should stop writing quite so much when I'm tired and grumpy, I tend to take my frustrations out on poor Steve. I promise I'll be nice to him eventually. I hope you enjoy. Comments make me extremely happy and a more prolific writer.
Steve shuddered from the pressure of his fingers, unbearably sensitive, but the feeling was no longer painful. Instead he was hyperaware of any pressure against the spot. He squirmed in Tony’s lap as he rubbed back and forth, occasionally pressing a little harder just to hear Steve moan.
Steve’s eyes flew open with a gasp, immediately grinding back against Tony’s hard cock. “Please… Please…” He murmured softly.
The increased pressure on his soft cock felt almost like a caress in his current state. Steve struggled to his feet, gracelessly stumbling down the track. Each movement of the dildo was torture, stimulating his already sensitive body. It took even less time than before for release to crash over his body. Steve cried out, locking his knees to keep from falling again. Whimpers accompanied every movement, and he could feel his alpha’s eye tracking him around the room.
Steve began to regularly arrange time with the other man, both inside and outside of the tower. He began to enjoy their time together, appreciating the other man's sardonic sense of humor. He decided to introduce Loki to some of the aspects of the modern world he appreciated. The first was to introduce the other man to the wonders of the spa Tony enjoyed sending him to on a regular basis, museums, and coffee shops following soon after.
"Okay..." Tony turned and began to stride quickly from the room. Steve started to follow after him, but at the first step, the plug shifted, dragging down heavily against his rim, and fell to the floor with a loud thud. Tony was in front of him before he could even blink. "Come on, Steve. Already? Were you even trying? Pick it up."
As requested, the ever popular punishment chapter. A little departure from my normal, but I hope you enjoy anyways. You can thank my wonderful Dom for this chapter being both extra long and extra porny. So probably the only one for the day.
Tony wandered out a few minutes later, hair still damp from the shower, dressed in casual but clean clothes. "Hey. I'm glad you're here." He slid a hand to the back of Steve's neck and pulled him down into a slow gentle kiss.
“Don’t what, sweetheart.” Tony’s voice was soft and patient. Understanding. Bucky wanted to believe in the promise held in those simple words. Believe that he could be loved and cared for the way this softer Steve was.
Two fingers returned, wet but not slippery from lube, and began rubbing into his hole, barely dipping inside to cover him completely. It felt like a thick cream, he decided, as more and more was rubbed into him. His rim fluttered under the attention, squeezing around the fingers when they pressed in. The skin tingled a little at first, then grew increasingly more and more numb, until he could barely feel the touches against him. Steve shifted restlessly in his bonds as the fingers pressed deeper, rubbing firmly against his prostate, disappearing and returning with more and more cream, until that became numb as well.
“Oh sweetheart. Is that what you think?” Tony slid from the chair to sit beside him on the floor. He stroked through Steve’s hair soothingly, which only made him cry harder. “I know you don’t want to hear this, but you were mistreated when you were a child. Too young to know better. I’m trying to help you. Fix some of the damage that’s been done, so you can be healthy and happy. Do you understand, Steve?”
It took nearly a year and a half before Steve was able to proudly tell his alpha that he was pregnant. Even better, Bucky was too. Just a few weeks farther along than Steve. Tony hadn’t let him out of his arms or his lap for days after he’d received the news. Overjoyed at the idea that they were starting their own family. He bought and built so many things for the nursery that Steve had no idea how they would fit them all in a single room.
Tony kissed him softly. “Anything you want, sweetheart. You know that. So, what’s his name going to be?”
A painful slap landed on his thigh, silencing him. “You don’t get to decide that anymore. I do. You’re mine to play with however I desire. This could have been nice for you. I was going to let you come on my cock like a good boy. But you broke the rules, and now you get to suffer.”
“That’s right, sweetheart. Just like that. If you can release like this, you just go ahead.” The pressure built again, worse this time, as Steve struggled against the cage forcing him to stay soft and small. His whole body was on fire, pulsing in the rhythm Tony set with  his thrusting cock and punishing grip. It felt like time stood still for a moment as Steve hung there, body winding tighter and tighter. He thought for a moment that this time he would get what he needed.
Tony released him from the restraints, gently guiding him to sit on the bed. Every movement made the cage between his thighs shift and his sore entrance burn. At the other man’s urging, Steve leaned into his side, feeling weak and broken down in an entirely new way. Tony began to gently stroke his hair again, and Steve pressed closer, desperate for even the smallest scrap of affection. “See sweetheart? I don’t have to hurt you to punish you. I can just leave you like this.”
His cock tried to stir in it’s confines, and Steve let out a soft cry, doubling over to bury his face against the couch once he realized that the cage prevented him from even getting hard. Someone else was in control, and it made arousal burn through his veins with an almost frightening intensity. A soft chime pulled him from his thoughts and turned him back to the cell phone.
By the time he turned it off the water was running cold. Steve was waiting for him when he came out of the bathroom. There was no sign of Stark. He suddenly wasn’t sure how long he’d been in there. How much time he’d lost. Steve’s eyes were red rimmed. “You’re gonna to leave me now, aren’t you?”
“Yes alpha.” He heard Tony move around behind him, forced himself to stay still as pain lanced up his arm. Tony silently treated the injuries he hadn’t even realized he’d sustained, and Steve’s stomach knotted up further. He’d done something wrong, but what was it?
Steve groaned, head thudding down against his hand. He was going out to dinner with Tony, wearing a plug and a cage. What could possibly go wrong…
Tony had to admit, once the man was cleaned up and somewhat in charge of his faculties he was nice to look at. Steve would be so happy to see him again… That twist in his chest again. He rubbed a hand over the arc reactor and willed it away. He’d have plenty of time for that later, but today? Today he needed to make Steve happy.
Steve rocked back with a soft sob, trying to grind against the plug, until Tony gripped his hips forcing him to still. “Please! Oh, please!”
Tony tried to make his voice sound firm. “No. It’s not. The situation with Sunset was different. You’re mine. I’m never letting you go. Do you understand me?” He pushed a little bit of alpha command into the last few words, forcing a hesitant nod out of Steve. “Good.”
Steve nuzzled into his hand, relief rushing through him. "I missed you too. I don't like you being gone."
As Tony started to slowly drag himself free before plunging deep inside of Steve’s body again, he slid a hand slowly up one muscular thigh. He wanted the encounter to be as good for the omega as it currently was for him, although judging by the sounds Steve was making it already was. Tony reached for the other man’s cock, and was shocked to find it soft.
A dark chuckle. "I do enjoy hearing you beg. Maybe if you beg pretty enough I'll let you come." The strokes over Steve's cock became faster, occasionally twisting over the sensitive head. Tony's other hand slid into his hair and gripped tightly.
Steve blinked up at him, panic and horror filling him. Tony had been at work. Meetings and people and important things he needed to get done. And Steve… Steve had thrown a fit like a child and demanded his attention. “I-I’m so sorry… I-”
Instead there were spasms of pain, like a muscle cramp, from inside his passage. Steve’s rim tightened around Tony’s knot in a wave of discomfort, accompanied by a searing pain just beneath his balls. He sobbed as the same unfulfilling rush from earlier swept through his body, come leaking slowly from the tip of his soft cock.
Steve struggled against the shackles, desperately trying to break free. “I’d like to see you fucking try!”
“Naughty boy. I bet I know what you’re thinking about.” He shook himself, expression becoming more serious. “Besides, you’ve been most of the way down all day, and I think you might need that even more. You ever been in omega-space before?”
"Tony, I..." Steve opened the box. Inside was a ring. Titanium-gold alloy, he'd recognize it anywhere he was so familiar with Tony's suit. A simple band with a stripe of rubies through the center. His breath caught in his chest, hand tightening on the box. This was...
Her eyes ran over where their arms were still linked, arched a brow. "And would that have anything to do with trying to impress a very specific artist?"
Bad BDSM etiquette on this one, folks. But since that’s also one of the things that I love about A/B/O fics, I’m flirting with the dark side. However, I will not be writing actual non-con or rape. More Steve struggling with himself over what he wants versus what he needs.
He snarled when the alpha approached, gaining a raised brow. “Really? Do you want me to attach the collar too?”
Steve snuggled down into the warmth of the blanket and breathed out a sigh. “No. It was perfect. Mean as hell, though.”
Tony had been expecting to be overwhelmed by the scent of multiple omegas. As opposed to other facilities he’d been in, the air was neutral. Most likely owing to an efficient filtration system. It was pleasant. He wouldn’t have to attempt to filter scents if he found an intriguing option. A slim man in a well tailored suit was waiting in the foyer. “Mr. Stark?”
“Good. I’m going to release the restraints now, but if you touch that cocklet of yours, there will be consequences. Orgasm is a reward, not a right.” He watched Steve carefully as he allowed the restraints to retract in on themselves, becoming smooth cuffs again. He slowly sat up, rolling his shoulders and stretching his limbs before slowly standing up.
Steve immediately placed his hand in Tony's outstretched one, a chill sliding over his skin at the brush of cool metal. He watched as Tony carefully wrapped a bracelet around his wrist, silver links with no visible clasp, before pulling out a small tool and another link. "This is a permanently locking closure. Once I put it on, there's no taking it off. It's a type of day collar, for my good boy. It means that you belong to me. Always. I can put it on, but I don't have to lock it. That's your choice. You need to tell me what you want, Steve. What would you like me to do? What would make you happiest? Because that is the most important thing in the world to me."
Tony shrugged, a half smile playing at his lips. “Not really. I’m going to do what I have to either way. I will take care of you, whether you like it or not. But it doesn’t have to be a bad thing.”
A sharp slap landed on the back of one thigh. “Legs apart. Wide. Show me how much you want it, Steve. Because you do want it, don’t you, baby?”
“You really want that? Wanna go back to the way we used to live? After everything you’ve seen. Everything that I’ve told you. That’s what you’d choose?”
“I thought you wouldn’t need me anymore. Want me anymore. Not if you had him back. But you deserve… God, you deserve everything, Steve. How could I not give it to you? How could I not give you the entire world if you asked for it?”
I’m going to apologize right now, because this is a super short chapter. But it needed Tony’s perspective to move the plot forward a bit. Hopefully I’ll get inspired for some more later. For now, enjoy!
"Don't worry sweetheart. You're going to get exactly what you wanted. Because you did want this, didn't you? You're always such a good boy for me, making sure I get what I want too. And I will always want this." Tony let his palms run over his straining thighs, pulled his cheeks roughly apart.
"Not a problem. For someone who never remembers to eat, Tony loves food. At this point I probably know all of the best places in New York."
He cupped Steve’s face in his hands, forcing him to look up and meet his eyes. “You have nothing to apologize for. It’s not your fault. You just… Need a lot of care, that no one ever bothered to give you. And it makes me really fucking angry, but not at you. Never at you, sweetheart. I’m just going to have to get a little more creative to get us through this. It’ll be alright. Okay?”
“Good. Now, I need to get an idea of where you’re at, and what needs to be done. I have some questions that I’m going to need honest answers to.” He waited for Steve to nod before continuing. “I won’t judge you for anything you tell me, honey. And this information stays just between us. Before the serum, did you have a designation?”
Tony still woke up drenched in sweat, a scream trapped in his throat, by nightmares curtesy of the Scarlet Witch. They were all moving on with their lives. And Iron Man? Well, he wasn’t necessary. Was supposed to be dead. If it hadn’t been for FRIDAY panicking and dispatching a suit to his last known location, he would be.
Steve slowly climbed back to his feet. The wall of windows showed a nightscape that was instantly recognizable as Manhattan. Somehow, he was back in Stark Tower. The elevator chimed behind him and he spun around only to come face to face with Tony Stark for the second time that day. The other man’s features showed shock for a moment, before closing down into the hard, angry mask Steve was so used to seeing.
The deceptively kind tone only made Steve’s nervousness spike. Tony could be truly devious  when he chose to be, and Steve had unintentionally turned all of that attention on himself. “Maybe… Maybe we could have breakfast first? Alpha?” His voice squeaked slightly on the last word.
It felt so good to come back to the tower. To have a real home to come back to. One where people missed him and were glad to see him. And if he had happened to go downstairs to Tony’s workshop to see the other man before he even went up to his floor to shower, it was just because Tony was a friend, as well as benefactor, and he wanted to show that he was grateful for everything the team was provided with. Nothing else. Of course.
“Good omega.” Steve shuddered visibly at the words, and Tony couldn’t resist cupping his face in his hands. Pressing a soft kiss to his forehead. “Things are going to be different now, Steve. I promise. Now get some rest, sweetheart. We’ll talk in the morning.”
I can't sleep, which means you guys get an extra chapter! I really meant to get to the gala, but the boys distracted me. Next time! Comments are always welcome and encouraged. Enjoy!
He said the last part in their heads, not wanting Maria to hear it. Tony stilled against him, before Steve felt an eyebrow lift in surprise.
, and he valued it more than he probably should. Tony trusted him with it- Tony was texting him about it, and that… it meant a lot.
think of you as expendable. Not in a million years.” He looked at Tony with a sad smile, before looking back down into his lap again. “But like I said- if you don’t reciprocate, that’s completely… I understand, we can just-“
With the increasing feeling he was walking into a trap, Tony nodded and then headed downward, arms raised in repulsor-firing position in case of… well, he wasn’t sure. Apparently there was only one thing alive in this place, and he hoped to God it was Steve. He kicked down the door to the stairwell, noting complete darkness envelop him as he did so. The lights must have shorted in the lower levels. JARVIS didn’t even need to be asked before switching on the flashlights fitted into the suit, and Tony blinked as the lighting changed. Then, once his eyes had had the chance to adjust, he saw what lay ahead of him and felt his mouth drop open in horror, letting out a violent curse.
“It’s okay,” Steve said, his voice wet as he delicately pushed his fingers through Tony’s hair, checking for bumps. “It’s okay sweetheart. You’re gonna be fine.” He turned to Thor, swallowing down the lump in his throat and trying to get his voice to steady. “We need to get him to a hospital.”
Steve thought, briefly, that he might actually be sick when he heard Rumlow start to laugh. He couldn’t tear his eyes away from the half-furious, half-terrified face of Tony’s. Terrified for Steve, and his wellbeing. Furious that anyone might have hurt him. “Oh my god,” Rumlow chuntered, obviously delighted, “you don’t know, do you? You really have no idea. God, you’re more stupid than I thought.”
It was what he was good at. Innovation. Clever little ideas that other people didn’t think of, that made people smile and gasp and wonder how he did it. He was leaps and bounds ahead of the rest of the world and he knew it. Now he just needed to remind his team of that.
He heard Clint mutter something about going back and checking out what was left of the armour, and Natasha informed them she’d start searching through the storage, leaving just Steve and Tony standing in the corridor, forehead to forehead as Tony frantically wracked his brains. He refused to acknowledge the panic. It wasn’t going to help. Instead, he focused on Steve. The way his back was hunched. How his hands were soft against Tony’s skin, but lined with insurmountable tension that showed he was holding so much back. The way his breathing hitched up and down, like he couldn’t even stop it. If Tony didn’t think of something, Steve was going to start trying to punch his way through the steel-enforced walls.
Steve was worried, but at the same time, the order in Tony’s words set something in him on the defensive. “Tony, don’t be ridiculous. I’ll sneak out or something, okay, I won’t get caught, I promise-“
“Night,” Tony copied, biting back the urge to click his tongue irritably as he stepped out of the room. He shut the door with a soft snick and then made his way down to the workshop. That, at least, was free of any evidence that Peter was a part of his life. He refused to let the small, curious, serial-chewer into his expensive and highly dangerous workspace. It was just a recipe for disaster.
Tony pressed a hand against Steve’s jaw, tilting it back up to face him once more. “They don’t matter-”
Tony changed the kid’s diaper quickly and efficiently, muttering under his breath throughout the whole ordeal. Peter was content to simply kick his legs and generally be a pain in the ass, but Tony managed to hold his attention long enough to strap a new diaper on, and a minute later the suffering was over and he had a fresh baby sat on the table. He looked up and realised Steve had been watching the whole time, and raised an eyebrow. “Taking notes?”
“Hey, don’t call her a bitch!” Bucky stroked a hand over the wheel and looked at Steve, offended as he stuck out his chin. “And I shall have you know that I do in fact have a license. Valid and everything.”
“And I don’t care what you think, or what anyone thinks, ‘cause I know you’re a good person-“ Steve dodged the pillow Tony chucked at him and then surged forward, grabbing Tony’s hands and pulling them away from his ears, “-and I’m gonna tell you every day, just to annoy you, because
Natasha laughed. “Should’ve seen yourself five minutes ago. All curled up into Steve’s side, and Peter had his hand resting on yours like a scene from some wholesome family film. We have pictures.”
,” his Dad said with a grin, as he tackled Peter back on to the bed and then hugged him tight. “Don’t worry Steve, I speak fluent Angsty Teen.”
“Kept trying to find you,” Tony leaned his head back languidly, biting his lip and shutting his eyes as Steve kissed his neck, “in school, for no reason- didn’t even know you, but I just had to, I didn’t know why but I just fucking had to-“
Steve sighed. Unfortunately, he did. Droplets of water glistened and trailed down perfect skin as he shifted, standing out of the tub and then looking down at Tony from his full height. Tony briefly reconsidered his previous statement about blowjobs when he got an eyeful of exactly what it was he was missing, but Steve moved and grabbed a towel before Tony could mention it, towelling himself off quickly and efficiently. Tony simply knelt by the bath and watched him shamelessly, chuckling when Steve pulled the towel through his hair and sent it flying out in all directions. He was the most adorable Supersoldier Tony had ever met, hands-down.
Steve couldn’t help but smile a little as he looked pointedly at the joint between his fingers. “Yeah,” he told Thor, “that totally sounds like the reason.”
deciding it was going to be quicker to analyse things with his own eyes, Steve grabbed Tony’s body between his hands and searched for an entry wound, looking for tears in his coat, dark patches of blood. He couldn’t see a wound. At least that meant there was nothing imminently serious.
They were getting in the way of everyone walking by as they stood in the corridor. And listen- Steve didn’t
said that she’d seen you leaving the place with none other than Tony Stark. Which, naturally, inspired a lot of confusion and questioning on my part.”
They fucked lazily as the sun drew higher up into the sky, and then accidentally went again for round two after they’d both dragged themselves into the shower to clean up. By the time they finally pulled away from one another and stepped out of the shower, it was about 9:15, but Tony already looked as if he’d had a good day. His shoulders were loose, his smile easy. Steve couldn’t help but pull him in for another damp kiss, and Tony’s little laugh, muffled by Steve’s lips, was like music to his ears. He wanted Tony to be this happy every morning.
Tony nodded, getting slowly to his feet. His jacket sleeves were pulled up slightly as he stretched, and Steve watched twin purple marks flash under the material for a second before being covered once more.
Steve absent-mindedly opened the passenger door for Tony, a small frown on his face. “I wouldn’t say that,” he argued, “we definitely know him, at the very least.”
He leaned back a little, noses brushing against one another as he looked down at Tony and giggled slightly deliriously. Tony didn’t open his eyes for another second, but then seemingly pulled them open with intense effort. “Hmm?” He asked- and he hadn’t been drinking, but he sounded drunk anyway.
Of course- he’d been forgetting to factor in his day job, and the general life of mayhem and Mad Science that he led. Probably unwise.
Again, this was written in more of a text format, so it's a little weird at the start where i had to edit it.
Steve couldn’t breathe. Couldn’t think. He just watched Tony’s face falling, his brow softening in disbelief. He glared at Rumlow. “You’re lying.”
Tony, admittedly, didn’t even think he was being serious at first. He frowned and then dropped his bags at the door, before remembering Steve’s sharp words about cleanliness and picking them up again. “Oh God, what have I done this time?” he said with an exaggerated roll of his eyes as he wandered into Steve’s space and looked around the room.
Tony huffed and sat up, his butt perched on Steve’s thighs as he turned his head and looked at the other boy. “Nothing
“I still love you,” Tony whispered, his hands moving over Steve’s shoulders, sliding around his waist and then clinging desperately, “I never—God, Steve, I never stopped, and I was so stupid and selfish and absorbed in my own shit—”
“Good” Steve replied, pulling away, “because I’m gonna need you to repeat that to Tony when you next see him.”
The receptionist was looking at them in mild fear as they approached, but valiantly did his job when they arrived at the desk. “You aren’t—Agent, you’re not authorised to take him—”
Fuck. 48 hours ago, they’d been in bed together, happy, relaxed, content. Tony really fucking hated their jobs, sometimes.
But Tony didn’t get a choice, and there was absolutely no part of Steve that had wanted to push him toward outing himself to anyone, so eventually Tony had admitted defeat on that front, and his other friends had remained oblivious to Tony’s relationship with Steve. Which was for the best. And now at least Steve knew the reasons behind Tony’s occasionally weird behaviour.
“JARVIS, give me a frequency of 40,000 hertz, loud as you can,” Tony ordered as he lurched sideways, barely avoiding the LMD as it swiped a fist out in his direction. Steve snarled and leaped through the air, grabbing the robot’s hand before it could aim another blow Tony’s way. “Steve, sweetheart, hands over your ears!”
Not that that really mattered much to the bot, whose one sole aim in life was to assist and care for Tony. Once he saw the bottle in Tony’s hands, he beeped loudly at a job well done and then rolled away again, probably to go and badly fold some of Tony’s underwear. Tony watched him for a second, until the buzz of his phone snapped him out of his space-out session and he moved on, looking semi-exasperatedly at the deluge of memes Clint had sent into the group chat. Natasha then responded telling him to shut the hell up, to which he answered with yet more memes.
And each and every time, his muse would catch his eye through the window and smile softly, that perfectly angled face catching the light and making his skin glow.
“I need- I should probably shower,” Steve mumbled, breaking away to rub a thumb across the streak of colour that was now lining Tony’s cheek as well as his own.
, and yet the world hadn’t fallen apart around him. It was still going on. Time was passing and people were existing, and reporters were describing every detail of how Tony Stark had been murdered on the streets of New York, and Steve was just
“Fuck it. You want to give me what I want, then that’s what we’ll do. It’s my fucking tower. If Barnes doesn’t like it, he can leave.”
It felt good. Better than Steve wanted to admit. Similar to the touches to his malformed omega gland had earlier, but more intense. An almost painful pleasure. Soft whimpers escaped his mouth and he bit down on his lower lips to try to silence them. The speed of Tony’s thrusts increased and Steve lost himself. His Ma had always cautioned him to never let someone have him like this, and now he knew why. The pleasure was as addictive as any drug, overwhelming his senses and dragging him under into the submissive headspace he had struggled against his entire life.
Steve grabbed a towel and wiped his face as he walked away from the punching bag he'd been testing. Tony had been getting a lot closer to materials he couldn't destroy after a bad day, which was appreciated. "Sure thing, Jarvis. Workshop?"
Bucky’s cock twitched in the cage, tried to harden, and couldn’t. It throbbed painfully, but the sensation only seemed to heighten the pleasure Tony’s mouth was wringing from him. He wasn’t sure if anything would feel real ever again without at least a little pain involved. He was brought back from the thought by Tony, pulling on his thighs, guiding him farther down Steve’s body, until he was face to face with the soft little cock. Could see the toy buried inside his hole, buzzing away merrily.
Tony stroked, squeezed, and explored to his hearts content. Until the flesh was tender and bruised. He moved on to Steve’s nipples, sucking and teasing until they were hard and swollen, every touch causing him to thrash on the bench. Still he stayed in place, held open and displayed for Tony’s enjoyment.
“It took a while, not gonna lie. I was real angry with him after all the stuff he did to me. The cage made me real salty, lemme tell ya.” Steve could hear the smile as he spoke, then his voice became softer. Quieter. “It was after a lot of the early shit. He’d got my glands workin’ and suddenly I was feelin’ everything. It was overwhelming. Like being crushed to death by the weight of the world. He’d gone to work, and I was sittin’ in this window seat in his apartment, watchin’ the cars go by. I don’t know when it started to rain. Or when I started to cry. But when he finally came home, I was sittin’ in the dark and crying, in the same place I’d been for hours. After everything our parents said, I thought he was gonna be mad. Beat me or somethin’. But he didn’t.”
“Yeah? Is that what you like? Somebody being so very mean to you? Give you a reason to be self righteous and indignant?” He paused, studied Steve so intently it felt as though he could see right through him. “No, that’s not quite right. You like to beg and plead. Struggle. Have someone control every single thing about you. Isn’t that right, sweetheart.”
“Yes, actually. My counterparts and I maintain the flow of the timeline, and several key pieces therein. If certain events were to occur unchecked in any reality, it could have devastating effects on all of them.”
He went to the office level, checking with the secretary to make sure Tony was free before going into his office. The man was dressed impeccably in a suit that cost more than Steve could imagine, seated before a giant expanse of polished wood. A smile graced his features when he looked up and saw him standing there. “Hey sweetheart. I wasn’t expecting to see you until later. To what do I owe the surprise?”
Steve waited until she met his eyes before speaking in a cool tone. “I don’t take well to other alpha’s sniffing around my mate. Stay away from Tony.”
Steve felt even more foolish several days later. Ever since he’d confronted Tony, the alpha had seemed to lose interest in him. Meals were quiet, without any attempt at conversation. The alpha usually disappeared into his workshop for a few hours in the afternoon, leaving Steve to his own devices. And he hadn’t taken his pleasure from Steve’s body for the last several days. Which should have been a relief, but between the plug and the cage, Steve was unable to find release on his own. By the fourth afternoon, Steve was beside himself with desperation.
He slowed the speed, letting it continue to grow steadily, until Steve was whimpering, his hips shifting restlessly. Tony ran a fingertip around the delicate skin of his entrance, enjoying how thoroughly plugged his pet was. How much he was willing to take just to please him. When the toy had become wide enough that there seemed to be no more elasticity in the tissue, Tony allowed it to stop. Locking the setting with a thought. The version of Extremis he had developed for his personal use made life so much easier. The ability to communicate with computers and machines mentally had opened up possibilities he had never dreamed of.
As though conjured by his thoughts, Steve saw one of the handlers walking down the hallways with an alpha. The man was well dressed, face framed by dark hair and a sculpted goatee. He was obviously well off. Probably wouldn’t spare an unruly omega like Steve a second glance. He could see them talking, but couldn’t hear a word through the insulated glass. The alpha stopped when he got near Steve’s cell, eyes locked on his body.
Steve growled again, trying to pull free from Tony’s grip. He held him still long enough to prove that he could, before sliding from his body and replacing the plug. He rolled Steve onto his back, so he could look at him as he spoke. “I wanted this to be a nice morning, give you a chance to settle in. You had a hard day yesterday. I understand that. But you’re not making it easy on me. Now, are you going to be a good little omega and let us get up and have some breakfast?”
Steve struggled against the restraints again, hips grinding back against the sheets then thrusting up into the air, desperately seeking friction on his hole or his cock and receiving neither. He could feel Tony’s eyes on him, enjoying the sight of his omega being tormented with pleasure rather than pain.
Instead of activating the restraints, Tony swept him up in his arms and over his shoulder, carrying him kicking and screaming into the training room. He dropped Steve onto the floor, knocking the wind out of him, and began arranging a different frame around the sybian at the side of the room. Steve lay there, gasping for breath as Tony worked. He selected a large attachment, one that would carve deep into the omega’s body, pressed firmly against his newly functioning gland, driving him crazy with need. After fastening it in place on the machine, he walked back over to Steve, who was trying to crawl away.
They took a little longer to admire the works, before Tony led him back to the main area. Steve was content to linger on the edges of the crowd, watch Tony flash smiles, and chat with the guests, charm large donations out of the stingiest patrons. He was in his element here as well, working the crowd for a good cause. Cutting a striking figure in his black tux. He could feel a low simmering arousal just watching this man, knowing that they would go home together that night. That he was the one who would slide the jacket off his shoulders, kiss him, touch him, bring him pleasure.
Nanobyte manacles were fastened around Steve’s wrists and ankles. A single thought from Tony would be enough to control them, immobilizing the strong omega in an instant, in any position Tony wished. He had a feeling that would be necessary. Sooner rather than later. Other implements of similar construction were waiting at the tower. Whether he knew it or not, Steve would dictate how this played out. If he could be obedient, it would be easier on him. Tony grinned. Somehow, he doubted the man even knew how. This was going to be fun.
“Good. Now that you’ve had a chance to think about what you did, we’re going to go ahead with your punishment. If that’s alright with you.”
They went back to the hotel after they had eaten, spent time curled up on the couch discussing everything from the merits of artistic movements to how well the Avengers would fare against the antagonists from different horror movies before ordering up dinner.
Yes. That was what he should do next. And he knew the most pleasant, for him, way to do so. Because what was the point in doing anything if it wasn’t for his own pleasure. Tony took a moment to gaze at the man sitting across from him. Steve was so beautiful. Tony had always wanted to possess him. But Captain America was not so easily tamed. Tony had been making plans, trying to find the best way to break him, when Doom had managed to kill him. Tony had been livid.
He pressed harder against the muscle, groaning when the single digit breached him, hips unconsciously rocking back into it. Steve worked the finger in and out, flexing the knuckle to loosen himself, moving up to two fingers at Tony's next order, scissoring them to stretch himself open.
"Yeah." He buried his face in the side of Tony's neck, willing his breathing to steady. They laid like that until Steve had finally calmed down, stopped trembling.
Tony placed a soft kiss on his hair. “Never, sweetheart. I could never walk away from you. You’re all mine. And I’m yours.”
Tony led Steve to the door of his dungeon, immediately bringing his thoughts back to his last punishment session. "Tony..."
He fought then, finally finding the strength to struggle now that it was too late. “No! No, you can’t! Tony! No. Please. Please?”
“Back then, he was my everything. My family, my home, my love, my…” Steve felt his cheeks start to burn.
“So polite, too. I love that in a sub.” Tony slid a hand beneath Steve’s body, cupping his dainty cock and squeezing hard. Pleasure shot up his spine from the sensation, causing him to arch and release against Tony’s fingers.
“Do you know how many punishments you earned?” Steve shook his head miserably. “Fifteen, pet. You came fifteen times, and couldn’t even get hard for me once.”
He took a few days to hide out in a safe house. Get something to eat, even if sleep were unfortunately elusive. To think about what he really wanted. Maybe it was the Catholic upbringing, but all Steve could think of was absolution. And there was really only one man he wanted it from.
Tony’s arms wrapped around him securely, holding him close as he let the vibrators work on Steve’s helpless body. “Almost done, good boy. Now we just have to wait.”
“Then the answer is no. Roll over and get that ass up in the air, sweetheart. I’m not done playing with you yet. Maybe if you’re good I’ll let you try to rub one out on the sheets. It won’t work. But I might let you try.”
He did notice improvements in his health starting from the moment he bonded with Tony. It was easier to sleep through the night, especially with the warmth of his alpha curled against his back. His neck was no longer constantly stiff, and the pain in his chest that he had grown accustomed to was gone. Steve’s entire body felt lighter and looser. However, the more time they spent being intimate, the higher his libido seemed to soar. Feeling needy and desperate was starting to become a baseline for him, and each time Tony buried himself deep in Steve’s body, his cock struggled valiantly in it’s confines.
So, for the record I will state here *again*: I write very kinky stories. Yes, I know what a kink is. I indulge in. A lot of the kinks I write about personally. If you don’t like the kinks listed in the tags, don’t read the story. You do not need to comment and tell me how much you don’t like the story, or the dynamic, or the kinks I use, or whatever else it is that has somehow offended you. Find something else to read.
Hard fingers gripped his chin, tilting his face up. "So you think I should reward this kind of behavior? Give in to my bad boy, just because he wants something? You could have asked. But you didn't. You tried to take it. And you know what that means, don't you?"
“Okay. All done with that. Now. You.” He wiped his hands on a rag and tossed it over a chair. “Strip for me, omega. Now.” There’s was an instant transformation from easygoing to dominant, and Steve responded instinctively. He undressed, folding his clothes neatly and stacking them on a chair, fighting the urge to cover himself.
When Steve woke, fuzzy and disoriented, the first thing he felt was Tony’s body wrapped tightly around his own. He turned, curling tighter into his embrace. A bottle of water was pressed to his lips, and he drank greedily until his throat was no longer too dry for speech. “Tony?”
Steve let out a cry at the first touch of tongue to his sensitive hole, moaning as Tony plunged inside, playing with him roughly. He loved this. The softness of a tongue on so tender of an area. The strength of it flicking against the muscle. It didn't take long before he was writhing in the restraints, trying to get more.
"Wait!" He said, "nope, it's not mine. Nine months ago was in June, right? I was casually seeing another man back then, not a woman. Michael was great, but most certainly did not have the ability to get pregnant. I'm safe."
It was the same old Goddamn story- almost every time a big product launch was underway for SI, a rival company would try to dig up dirt in order to put the stocks at risk. Old, boring tactics that usually just involved taking recycled material everyone had already seen before, and Tony was at least 90% certain Hammer Industries had something to do with it, because the whole damn thing stank of Justin’s creepiness.
He never knew what triggered it. Never really understood why some days he could get up and live his life like everything was fine, everything was normal, and then other days the pressure and grief just consumed him like a tsunami. It didn’t make sense to him, and it was one of the only things in his life that he felt he couldn’t control. Couldn’t seem to stop, no matter how hard he tried. He just… woke up, and that was it. The day was decided for him.
He didn’t feel any sympathy. Didn’t think he could, after what he’d seen her do to Peter in the beginning. So fucking what, she’d come around to her human side in the end and done what any sane person would do—that didn’t make everything else go away.
He turned around and slammed his head as hard as he could against the wall, immediately feeling the pain and darkness intermingle as one and him forcefully back into the blank nothing of unconsciousness.
Steve grinned and wandered through the room, rubbing tiredly at his eyes as he joined Tony in the bathroom. The mirror hung that hung in front of both Tony and Steve was large enough that it pretty much covered the entire wall- an effect Steve had simply raised an eyebrow to when he’d seen it the first time. He liked it now, though. Mainly because it made it easier to see Tony from all angles when they were both in the bath together, but whatever.
Tony bit his lip. Every muscle felt like it was ready to start sprinting, and he wasn’t sure he could settle right now. His mind longed for the reprieve of a drink- whiskey always eased the anxieties in his mind and let him sleep, back before he’d decided to go sober.
- “for being you!” He called out behind him with a cackle, “it probably helped, I dunno! I’ve gotta go take my baby for a spin, I’ll see you in a few hours!”
He smiled down at Steve, letting his fingers run through the strands of blond hair. It was a little long, but Tony liked it like that. It was cute.
Tony disconnected from the call, sending Steve’s medical files to Bruce so he’d be better prepared. He stepped to the side of the bed. It would be better to have him settled before Bruce got there. Lifting his omega in his arms once more, he carried him to the training room. “JARVIS, can you have the med floor prepped?”
“I’m sorry, Steve. This is for your own good. But I’ll try to be gentle. Bruce said this one shouldn’t be too bad. It won’t even hurt much after a while, okay? And I’ll give you plenty of breaks.”
"And I have to admit, I love how clingy and needy this is making you. How desperate. Such a good boy."
“I’ve got one more surprise for you, babydoll. You ready?” Steve shook his head frantically, unsure if he could survive anything more. Tony laughed, manipulating the remote anyway. The base of the dildo began to grow and swell, rounding out and pressing against Steve’s entrance. It felt like a knot, slowly stretching him wide. It began to press against his glands, the pressure increasing as it grew. Steve couldn’t move, couldn’t breathe. All he could do was stay still, struggling to accommodate the knot that was splitting him open, until he finally broke. His hips jerked down against the bench, trying to force the enormous thing deeper, pulling at his rim and milking his slick glands, coating the smooth leather beneath him. It was too much. Too much! Tony couldn’t expect him to take any more. But he did.
“For the cream to wear off. You’re going to be so empty and sore by the time I’m finished with you, you’re never going to want to come again.”
Tony returned to Steve, gently urging him to his feet. He bent him over, removing the plug, before guiding him across the room. Tony pushed Steve to his knees then pressed him back, impaling him on the thick toy. Steve moaned as the ribbing dragged over his rim, struggling to rise as it kept sinking deeper. Tony allowed him to slide up a few inches as he secured his ankles and calves to the floor.
Tony let his new pet rest for the rest of the afternoon. He didn’t want to wear him out too soon. After dinner he turned to face him, taking in the eager gaze trained on his face. It really was too easy. If he hadn’t already killed Stephen Strange, he might say he owed him a thank you. “Would you like to work off one of your punishments for me, sweetheart?”
“No honey. I’ll take care of that later. For right now, all you have to do is feel. Can you do that for me?”
“Let me get James settled, and I’ll be there in an hour. I’ll have the usual treatments with me, and I can get anything custom to you later. Can you have him ready for an examination?”
"We're going to play a very simple game. Every time you drop that plug, I edge you and don't let you come. Understand?"
"Okay. Good boy." There was a brief pause, and then he felt cool metal sliding around his balls, drawing them down. At the same time a tube slid over his cock, curving it down. He heard the click of a lock, and Tony sat back with a satisfied sound. "There we go. Would you like to see, sweetheart?"
Tony slid his arm around Steve's elbow and gently guided him down the hall into his bedroom. It wasn't the first time he had been in there, but this time felt different. He wasn't carrying the exhausted genius to bed this time. He was there to let Tony play with him. In whatever ways he could come up with. And Tony was a clever man.
He wanted to touch it, to stroke himself and come with the taste of his Dom in his mouth. After a moment of hesitation, Steve reached down to unfasten his pants and free his cock, wrapped a hand around it and stroked, letting his resulting moan vibrate around Tony. He could feel the thighs bracketing him tense in warning, even as the conversation stayed light and even. Steve chose to ignore it and keep going, sucking desperately and stroking himself until he spilled over his fingers with a whimper. The door to the office closing was a distant sound as the reality of how much trouble he had just gotten into started to dawn on him.
Tony’s mouth moved down to his chest, licking and sucking at his nipples, hands coming up to roughly massage his pecs, fingers digging into his flesh. It hurt. Steve must have made some sound, because Tony pulled back to look at him. “You don’t touch yourself here, do you?”
Tony smiled again, the corners of his eyes crinkling in amusement. "Of course it is. You won't forget?"
“It is a punishment, sweetheart. And you earned it. If you’d obeyed me earlier, we wouldn’t be doing this right now.”
Tony flashed him a shark-like grin. "Cheer up. You have two more days to think about what I could do to you. And whatever you think of? I guarantee what I do will be worse."
His skin was covered in sweat, a pool on precum on his thighs, wrung out and exhausted, when it started again. The highest setting yet. Steve screamed, back bowing so hard it hurt. His hands flew to the cage, tugging and pulling at it, desperate for it to come off, to get some relief from maddening arousal that had been torturing him all day. The metal didn't even bend, strong enough to withstand a super soldier, as promised.
Steve groaned, climbing off the bed and following him into the kitchen. Today they ate at the counter, forcing him to perch on the wooden seat of the stool while trying not to squirm from the pressure. Tony didn't help matters any by constantly teasing and stroking over his skin. By the time they were finished eating, Steve's arousal had barely subsided.
He bit his lower lip for a second, trying to hide his smirk at Steve’s obvious outrage. “No alpha. Please educate me.”
All Steve could do was curl tightly into Tony’s body and cling to him. He was sore and aching, with the burn of arousal still running beneath the surface. It was terrible and agonizing, and he loved it. All this was a far cry from the carefully orchestrated scenes he used to carry out alone in his room, or even being answerable to a faceless Sir via text. He could actually let go and trust someone else to give him what he really needed, not just what his new body wanted.
"Oh baby, I'm just getting started. I've been looking forward to playing with you all day. Dreaming about this during each and every mind numbing second. You're not getting off that easy. Don't you want to please me?"
Steve’s back arched higher in the restraints, body throbbing, building higher and higher, unable to fall over the edge and defy his alpha’s order. Not until Tony allowed it. Words were quickly beyond him. Soon he was unable to focus on a single sensation. Just the overwhelming combination of pleasure and pain coursing through his body. His alpha’s cock thrusting into him over and over again. His command denying Steve release, holding him there.
Tony guided him to his feet, keeping his arms around him, and led him into the bathroom. Jarvis had already started water running into the bathtub and steam was beginning to fill the room. Tony stepped into the tub, pulling Steve with him, and then eased them both down into the hot water, chasing away the last of the lingering chill. He sighed in contentment, relaxing back against the older man's chest.
Tony tried to gain control of himself, a process which took most of the ride home. He led Steve up to the penthouse and into their bedroom, turning to face him with a serious look on his face. “You know I have to punish you for that.”
Steve closed his eyes, slowly nodded. "It was... So intense, Tony. Nothing's ever felt like that before."
James gripped Steve’s hips, stilling his movements, earning himself a soft whine. “What’s the matter, doll? You want something?”
Tony slid in beside them, arms wrapping around both Bucky and Steve, holding them close. He pressed soft kisses to the side of Bucky’s face, murmuring against his ear. “That’s right, honey. You’re okay. So good for me. I’ve got you. I’ll take care of you. You’re all mine now. The only person who can open that cage is me. I promise.”
It was sentimental of him, but Bucky took the time to walk through Brooklyn before he went to Stark’s tower. Visit the places that used to mean something to him, try to remember his life before. His family. All the little things that had made him Bucky Barnes instead of the Asset. He knew there was a death sentence waiting for him, had avoided it for long enough. Hell, Steve had let the world burn to try to stop it. But he was done. Just didn’t have enough fight left in him anymore.
The painting mentioned in the story is an actual work. Frida Kahlo was a Mexican painter in the 1940's. The painting is called The Wounded Table and disappeared when on loan to the Soviet Union in 1955. There are only three surviving photographs of the work. Unfortunately, our world doesn't have a Tony Stark to sweep in and save mistreated art. Frida is my favorite artist, and I couldn't resist the opportunity to include her work at the gala. If you haven't seen her work before, you should check it out. I can see where her life story would be an inspiration to a man like Tony Stark.
Tony began a steady rhythm, thrusting into him slow and deep. Drawing out his own pleasure. Steve whined and whimpered beneath him, his body slowly building to another devastating release. Tony’s thrusts began to gain speed and force until he was pounding inside of him, the friction stealing Steve’s breath away. It was overwhelming and amazing. Steve had never felt so close to another person before. Tony’s fingers were digging into his hips as his breathing finally became heavy as he chased his own release. Steve would have bruises later, and the thought pleased him. Tony’s teeth sank into the side of his neck as his hips stuttered, pounding directly against Steve’s prostate. The first spurt of hot come inside his passage tipped Steve over the edge.
Steve was lifted gently and carried to bed, surrounded by the comforting scent of his alpha. A warm body pressed against his back, arms wrapped comfortingly around his waist. He tried to say something in gratitude as a soft blanket was pulled over him and tucked around his shoulders, but the gag prevented him from speaking. Even a look of thanks was beyond Steve’s ability, eyes too heavy to open. But apparently his alpha understood anyway, judging from the soft nuzzle and kiss to his bond mark that Steve felt just before exhaustion finally claimed him.
When Steve did wake, his first instinct was to ascertain his range of movement. For the first time since the exam that was performed when he was taken into custody, Steve was completely restrained. His eyes flew open, darting around the unfamiliar room. White walls and shining metal gleaming from every surface. Glancing down, he could see that his torso and every limb were held to an oddly shaped frame with thick steel manacles. He struggled against them with every bit of strength he possessed and was unable to even twitch. Even his head was held in place with a band just below his hairline. The only exception was his neck, which made him feel further exposed.
Tony rolled onto his side to face him, head propped on one arm, looking like something from a magazine. He reached out, roughly palmed the cage. “Tell me, sweetheart, can you feel anything when I do this?”
As soon as the thought crossed his mind, the plug buzzed to life, pulsing directly against his prostate, causing his body to jerk hard enough that he had to grab the desk to keep from falling on the floor. Thank God he was alone. The relentless vibrations made him moan, a rush of blood going directly to his cock, making it swell within the confines of the cage, creating a steady ache. He pressed the heel of his hand against it, trying to will his body to calm with no luck. His phone chimed at the same time the speed of the vibrations increased.
“That’s right, baby. You’re nice and soft here now, just like you’re supposed to be. Once we have you settled, I’m going to tie you down to the bed and run my mouth over every inch of you until you scream. Would you like that, omega?”
After they’d eaten and dressed, Tony kissed Steve senseless and sent him down for Happy to escort. It made the day of boring and endless meetings a little more bearable, knowing that Steve was being scraped down, oiled up, waxed off, and buffed smooth. All under his direction. When Tony finally returned to the penthouse that night, Steve was waiting for him. Naked and kneeling in the center of the living room rug, head bowed, arms crossed behind his back.
Tony’s voice finally penetrated the fog surrounding him. “That’s right, sweetheart. Just like that. So good for me. One more time. Just one. Then you can rest.”
"Oh, you can. And you will." He tugged Steve to his feet, putting him into tight leather shorts that laced up the sides and a leather harness that framed his clamped nipples. Matching restraints were fastened around his wrists and ankles. The final touch was a thick leather collar around his throat that he could feel pressed against his skin every time he swallowed. All of it in deep red and gold. Iron Man's colors.
“Barnes here, came back from the dead a while ago. And apparently he killed both of my parents back in the day. And Rogers? He knew about it. Hid it from me. Tore apart the team, threw me under the bus without a care in the world, other than protecting the Winter Soldier.” Bucky flinched at the name, and Stark saw it. Saw everything. “Don’t like that, do you? Not too happy myself. Last time I saw Captain America and his Winter Soldier, I was freezing to death, trapped in a busted suit, with the arc reactor that I use to keep me alive smashed to pieces in my chest courtesy of the shield my dad made for Steve Rogers. And you both just walked away, didn’t you? Not a care in the world. Not about me. Not about the shit storm you left behind. How’d that work out for you, Barnes?”
Tony's voice was full of false sweetness. "What's the matter, sweetheart? Never used nipple clamps before? You seem to be enjoying it." His fingers twisted in the chain tugging on it repeatedly. Steve whimpered and arched beneath the cruel touch, cock hard and aching from it. "That's it. Good boy. Just enjoy what I give you. Anything I give you. Isn't that right?"
Tony contemplated letting him rest. Steve was so eager to be forgiven, it would be cruel to make him wait too long to be Tony’s good boy once again. Punishing him again before bed would practically be a kindness. And Steve would be so grateful. Would thank him for that too. He waited until Steve had returned to his side, curled up in his arms with quiet murmurs of thanks. “You’re welcome, pet. You know, I thought about spacing out the punishments you’ve earned. One a day for a little over two weeks. But then I started thinking about how hard that would be for you. You don’t want to be my bad boy for that long, do you?”
“I can hear you two. See you. I know you know that.” He waited for Tony to nod before continuing. It was a mission report, nothing more. All he had to do was state the facts. Tony was in control, he would decide what happened after that. There was a freedom in the surrender. The situation being taken out of his hands. “My body… Responded. I didn’t… Remember that happening. I started to touch it… And I remembered. They trained me. An asset doesn’t have needs. It was like I could feel it all over again.” Bucky lowered his head, stared at his hands, flesh and metal, tangled up together. “I’m sorry. It won’t happen again.”
New chapter! I’m trying something a little different with this story, and shifting the point of view between Tony and Steve. Hopefully it’s not confusing. Let me know what you think, or if you prefer the stories where I stick with Steve’s POV the entire time. As always, happy reading and I hope you enjoy!
Steve nodded, even though he knew the other man couldn’t see it. “Yeah. That was the party line.” He stopped for a second, thought about it. “Why didn’t they ever think alpha’s needed to be better than their biology? Why was it just omegas? Us, who need to be different.”
Tony nodded, seeming pleased. “And once they’ve claimed them, that’s it? They can’t leave, or pick someone else?”
Steve woke, groggy and disoriented, to a hand on his shoulder shaking him softly. “Steve? Sw-“ Tony paused, clearing his throat before speaking again. “Why are you on the floor? You should be in bed.” He blinked his bleary eyes open, seeing his alpha leaning over him. Steve whined in distress, turning towards him. Tony was dressed in a tuxedo, looking like he’d just come in from a night on the town. The heavy scents of cologne and perfume surrounded him.
Desperate tears slid down Steve’s face. He dropped to his knees, burrowing against Tony’s thigh, clinging to him. “I’m sorry! Please! I don’t know what I did wrong… Please don’t leave me, alpha. I’ll do better. I promise, I’ll do better!”
Steve watched Loki as they began eating, not liking the stiffness in the other man's body. He looked like he was ready to bolt at any moment.
Fury stood and began to pace. “Yeah, sounds about like what you’ve been trying to sell for a while now. Only you’re out of time. Your hormonal levels are so fucked up, they don’t even know where to start. I have been advised that the only solution is a medical guardianship.”
“Not a thing.” The vibrations jumped up several settings, leaving Steve clinging to his chair, thankful for the secluded corner they were seated in. His cock started a painful throbbing as it tried to harden and was restrained by the cage. Even as he thought about it, he could feel the cage shifting, tightening around him, increasing his suffering. How did he always know?
Steve leaned forward pressing against Tony’s chest and sighed in relief at the feel of strong arms wrapping tightly around him. “I’ll miss you too. Come home soon?”
“No Tony. I told you, there is no going back for me. I’m here. For however long you want me. And if I do ever truly earn forgiveness one day, then I guess I still stay with you. For giving me a chance. For forgiving me. For taking care of me, when I couldn’t do it myself anymore.”
He had forgotten about Tony’s presence, their game, everything except for the maddening itch inside his core. The feeling of metal closing around his wrists drew him back from his frenzy. Heavy shackles were attached from his wrists to the reinforced headboard on the bed. Similar ones were attached to his ankles, shorter chains forcing his thighs to spread wide. His hips were pulled up sharply, a pillow slid underneath him, propping his ass in the air.
Steve smiled. For as possessive and demanding as he could be, Tony could also be amazingly tender. "Thanks."
Tony helped Steve from the bath, drying him with warmed towels as the water drained. He guided him back to the bedroom, pressing him onto the bed and attaching a lead from the headboard to the collar. Steve made a disgruntled sound, but didn’t fight it. Tony quickly finished drying himself off, turning out the lights and curling behind him on the bed.
Steve let out a small huff, chest tight with apprehension. Trust for his mate finally won out. “Fine. Three days. We’ll try it your way. Alpha.”
Once the last of the wax was gone, the touches disappeared, leaving him breathless, waiting for whatever came next. Another pause. Clinking sounds. Then Tony's mouth was back, sucking on his nipple, icy cold around his skin. Steve jerked, felt it sinking into his bones, drawing him under. He could almost hear the sound of glass breaking, the rush of water everywhere around him. "Brooklyn!"
Steve opened his mouth to respond and a gag slid into it before a single word escaped. A dildo that pressed just far enough down his throat to choke him if he shifted wrong without impeding his breathing. Slick fingers rubbed over his hole before pressing inside, stretching and scissoring him open, taking care to avoid his prostate. He tried desperately to buck back against those fingers, press them deeper, get a touch where he really need it, but he still couldn’t move. He was held fast, couldn’t even writhe. A third finger pressed into him, opening him up wider, making sure he was stretched wide and dripping slick before they disappeared. Steve groaned around the gag, the sound morphing into a cry as he felt Tony’s cock slide into him in a single thrust.
Even to Bucky, who he’d trusted with his life, Steve hadn’t been willing to admit how much he wanted children. A male omega’s sperm was sterile. The only way he could reproduce would be if he carried the child himself. Which had not been an option before. But now… The possibilities stretching out before him were dazzling. Of course, he had to survive whatever horrific medical procedure was required first. And from his experience so far, Steve doubted it would be something he’d enjoy. He took a breath, eyes fluttering open, gaze resting on the alpha’s face, the kind expression he had turned on Steve. He could do this. He could do this all day.
“Good. What else do you need, honey? I know you like it when I grip your pretty little cock. Is that how omegas are treated?”
When Tony spoke again his voice was halting, as though he were hoping to be wrong. “And the reason they kicked you off the team… Was because you’re an omega…?”
He hummed happily as he was carried into the bathroom and lowered into the softly scented water. It was hot, penetrating his sore muscles and easing away the ache. Tony eased into the tub behind him, and he snuggled back against him. Steve gripped Tony’s wrists, pulling his arms forward and wrapping them tightly around him.
“You’re very welcome.” Tony turned back to Steve, lips curving up into a wicked smile. “Looks like it’s your turn, sweetheart.” His smile grew as Steve responded with a series of low whines. “What’s the matter, Steve? Don’t you want me to touch you?”
Steve knew he was in medical before he even opened his eyes. The steady beeping of the heart monitor and that certain antiseptic smell were instantly recognizable. When he did open his eyes, he almost wished he hadn’t. Fury was sitting in a chair against the wall, face twisted in a scowl.
He wasn’t allowed even a moment to enjoy it. Another sharp crackle of electricity inside his prostate destroyed his climax yet again, leaving him sobbing and inconsolable in Tony’s arms. He felt Tony thrust a few more times, teasing him with the barest hint of pleasure as he softened inside of him. Steve whined pathetically as Tony drew out of his body, grip still firm on his hips, keeping his ass lifted high in the air.  A few moments later, Steve felt the press of cool metal against his rim as a thick plug was eased inside of him, his passage squeezing uncontrollably around it.
He felt something fall on his lap and start shuffling around, and he glanced down to see Steve’s hand searching through the covers. “What are you doing?”
It was the paternal little goblin in his brain, just desperate for a reason to call them a family. Hell—if Peter looked like anyone, it was probably Tony. They had the same hair and, according to Natasha, the same ears. Not that he’d really paid much attention to Peter’s ears. Or his own, for that matter.
Steve paused, hand tapping absently at the table. That was a new development, incidentally; Tony had never seen Steve tap before.- far too controlled for that.
Steve opened his mouth to argue, but then Darcy slid her own plate to Sam and pushed him in the back. “Go forth, Rogers. If any sexting happens, call me up.”
This was so mortifying. Steve- Steve was going to see him like this. Their relationship was still fairly new, still finding its feet, and now Steve was going to walk in and see Tony curled around the toilet like it was his fucking anchor to life, crying and snotty and shaking like a child because what, someone
“So… what do we do now?” Bruce asked the room, voice quiet and serious. They all shared looks with one another, and then one by one turned their eyes onto Peter, tucked into Tony’s arms. The whole baby-element was, admittedly, way out of their comfort zone. But hey- at least now they had AIM to contest with, and AIM were
“You’re an idiot,” Steve shook his head and shoved Bucky’s shoulder fondly, “you… God, do you know how broke you’re gonna be to pay for this piece of crap?”
“Shut up.” Tony pursed his lips and then huffed, grabbing Steve’s hand from where it was resting on the bed. He squeezed softly, while Steve just stared at him in confusion. “I also kind of understand. When I was on that ship, I did a lot of thinking. About everything we never told each other. About how horrible it must have been to know your best friend killed your boyfriend’s parents. You were caught between a rock and a hard place, Steve, and I—I was
“Hey, your age isn’t the issue here,” Steve grinned and nodded over to Clint, who was trying to nap on Thor’s shoulder, “he’s supposed to be in the prime of his life right now, and look at him.”
They turned to each other, both of them pale and sweaty and feeling pain in pretty much every orifice of their bodies. Tony laid the flat of his palm over Steve’s chest, feeling the too-fast, too-quiet beat of his heart. He shut his eyes in relief. A second later, Steve’s hand came and laid shakily down upon his own.
Of course, after that little outburst in the kitchen, Tony knew it wasn’t long before someone- most likely Steve- called him out and asked him about it. But that didn’t mean he couldn’t drag it out a little bit, and what better way than to scurry right back to his workshop and find more things to work on? It wasn’t like he was short of them, what with being a CEO and a superhero and all.
Rocket chastised him when he bumped into the table for the second time, “if you’re gonna be like this until we get Stark back from space then I’m gonna have to ask that you just stay in your room and not touch anything or interact with anyone. It’s giving me a migraine just
Steve always watched him, just in case. Seeing as an attack could be at any moment, it was better to always be alert. He glanced over to Tony in math class and kept his eyes on Tony’s
Steve grinned, using his spare hand to link through with Tony’s and squeeze their fingers together. “Sounds like a plan,” he said, “although I’m not sure Peter’s gonna appreciate it much.” He nodded down at the boy now tucked into his arms, limp and beginning to drift off against Steve’s warm chest.
Tony just laughed, unwilling to actually remove his lips from Steve’s own and so saying “you’re not the idiot who didn’t fucking realize he could have been getting this for years,” against Steve’s teeth instead.
Which they did. Less then one minute later, actually, when one of them mentioned getting JARVIS to fly Tony out in the suit, and he’d found himself doubled up in pain at the very thought of his red and gold armour. The pain in his head had been damn near unbearable, and although he’d tried to push through it, the more he’d thought of it the more it had hurt, until he’d been practically slumped in Steve’s arms, damn near unconscious from the throbbing at the back of his head.
to your name.” Tony was still rambling beside him angrily, pointing fingers left right and centre, and the sight of the angry billionaire seemed to inspire the receptionist to shut up, because he just nodded at Steve hurriedly and sat down. Above his paygrade, undoubtedly. Not worth any lawsuits.
Okay. Okay, so it was time for the ground to swallow him up entirely and suffocate him, if only to stop him speaking.
“I’m coming straight back here,” Steve promised Tony, kissing him lightly on his forehead, “Thor, you can give me a lift back, right?”
“I was seventeen, nearly eighteen,” Tony informed him, body sagging as he rested his chin against the back of his palms and looked at Steve through the curl of his eyelashes. He shrugged again. “They were… God, I dunno, in their twenties, I think? Maybe 26-ish. I really don’t remember them that well.” At the look on Steve’s face, he just rolled his eyes and grinned resignedly. “Don’t freak out, Captain. I was more than willing, I pinkie promise.”
Steve shrugged non-committedly. Apparently, that wasn’t as much of a negative response as what Natasha was looking for, because after she’d found her hairband she flicked him over the back of the head. “Steve, parties with those sort of people in them are not good parties. Don’t even bother, honestly.”
And... God, it was Steve. Steve wouldn’t hurt a fly unless they deserved it. He was the kindest, most Honorable man Tony knew. It wasn’t... it was fine.
Paul looked down fondly, but there was a small crease in his forehead as he took Steve in. “How’ve you been doing, kid?” He asked after a moment, leaning against the counter.
“You’re a genius,” Steve answered his own question before Tony could. It was... it made sense, he supposed. The phone tracking. Science club. The designs that covered each section of his room and the equations he’d sometimes seen scribbled over the back of his hand that he’d assumed were just revision notes.
“Talking of well-earned breaks,” Sam piped up from behind them, and they both turned as he slid his phone across the table, “they’re the showing times for Fast and Furious. You’re all under legal obligation to come- team night.”
Steve grinned, stepping back, his hand trailing down Tony’s arm as he moved out. Seemingly on autopilot, Tony made an aborted move to follow, before blinking again and just swallowing heavily, instead looking down at where Steve’s hand had just been and breathing in sharply.
It went like that for most of the day. To prevent him from accidentally blacking out with pain, the team attempted to clear the whole fucking tower of everything vaguely Iron-Man looking, until he eventually got sick of them holding out their hands before he walked into rooms and just told them to leave it. It had subsided a little since the first time they’d noticed it happening, and now it simply brought on a migraine, which he dealt with at least once every two damned weeks anyway. He could handle it.
There was an awkward pause. Peter guessed they must have got the days wrong for which one of them was going to go and talk to him about his school day.
From the floor, Clint shot him the bird. “We love you, man,” he said bluntly, “and I dunno what that sleep deprived asshole inside your head has been telling you these past few days, but he’s wrong. You aren’t gonna get rid of us that easy.”
explain why he never acted like he had any feelings for Steve at all whenever he was around those that weren’t in their immediate circle. The quick covering-up of the hickeys and the careful dates that were never to skate rinks or shopping malls, but secluded restaurants or dark movies. And then of course, just now, how Tony had quietly sidestepped around the term ‘boyfriend’, because he was around different people now, right? These people looked expensive. And Steve… well, he was wearing his smart clothes, but they still probably cost about half the price of just one stupid sock on those guys’ feet.
Eventually both of them were discharged, Steve’s serum having healed him to the point where he could walk with ease on his own. There was still an ache in him, deep down, something he wasn’t quite sure how to explain, but that was okay. Maybe he was just getting old—something he was surprisingly okay with, to be honest. And of course, the second that Tony had gotten into his workshop back home, he’d been instantly designing a high-tech prosthesis for himself, chattering away to Maria as she watched in fascination. Steve didn’t doubt that she was going to grow up a genius. The rate that she took in information was incredible, and under Tony’s gentle encouragements, she thrived and was desperate to learn more about everything she could get her curious little hands on. Steve was happy to just sit back, make them dinner and watch events unfold in front of him.
And so that was apparently why, two minutes later when the bell rang, somehow Steve had found a cartoon drawing of Tony in his hands. It was rough and uneven from the cheap napkin and cheaper pen, but still.
He shuddered violently, leaning a hand against the wall and ducking his head. He needed to throw up- had done for days now, but he hadn’t eaten enough for anything to come up, leaving nothing more than a horrible taste in the back of his throat and a sickening lurching in his stomach.
“I’m just giving something back,” Tony told him lightly, shrugging, “catching up and stuff. Shouldn’t you be over on the quad- thought you enjoyed watching Loki and Sunset argue?”
And that was when the cynical voice of Natasha kicked in in Tony’s brain, and the good mood soured just a fraction. He looked away, glancing down at his lap as the engine started, and although he wasn’t looking over at Steve, he knew the man had realised his blunder too. They were doing that more and more frequently, these days. Slipping up. Acting as if Peter was a permanent feature in their lives. Tony knew they had to get a grip on themselves— a tower full of Avengers was a totally unsuitable place for any child to stay, no matter how intense the baby-fever was hitting.
It’s become refined enough that Tony can predict some of the more severe mood swings and prepare for them. Yeah- maybe Natasha gets pissed at him because she can’t find any of her usual weaponry hidden about the tower during some weeks, but Tony isn’t going to take any chances. Not with them.
Steve kissed him, cutting off the ramble, but they had to stop when both of them began laughing uncontrollably. Steve looked down at Tony, wiping the tear tracks off his cheeks with his thumbs before leaning down and kissing him again. “You make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And I’m going to be the best husband you could ever hope for, Tony Stark. I promise.”
Everyone laughed. “Wasn’t he chained to a lamp-post at the time?” Natasha asked with an amused cock of her eyebrow, looking out of the window.
Bruce’s smile was tired, and he ran a few fingers over his face. “You can ask him yourself, so long as you promise not to hurt yourself when you see him. He’s waiting outside, undoubtedly listening to every word we say through these shitty bolster-wood doors.”
He wanted to say no immediately, but then he realised that might sound forced, so he waited a second before just shaking his head, fingers trailing down Tony’s face absently. “Not even a little bit,” he confirmed, “I knew all that when I kissed you for the first time. The fame… it does bother me sometimes, I’m not going to lie. But only because I hate how they don’t treat you like you’re a human. They don’t stop to think before watching a video of an underage kid, because to them, you’re just… I dunno,
Tony stopped, and his face fell a little. Steve felt guilty almost immediately- it wasn’t really his place to judge what Tony-
He looked at Natasha, tears starting to slip down his cheeks. “Do whatever you have to,” he whispered, “I don’t care. Just… just make sure it’s out of my head. Please.”
Steve, at that point, was already pretty much asleep once more, but he made sure to huff in affirmation and squeeze Tony’s waist softly. “Even,” he repeated gently.
But that wasn’t something he really cared about. No, there were far more important things that he was mulling over right now.
Tony launched a few feet in the air, watching as Steve started the simulation again. The task was not just to be able to run through the specific moves and routines, but also to be able to do it while under pressure or facing multiple foes. Tony had created this whole compound for that purpose alone. Rooms equipped with everything they could possibly need, including the massive hall in which they were currently working and a realistic computer simulation that gave them the pressure aspect.
“Just think about it, alright?” Peter asked, biting his lip a little and looking behind him, “he needs someone like you, I think. And he’s fucked up and can be real stupid, but... but as long as I’ve known him, I've never seen him smile like that before. I think it’s time he got a good thing in his life.”
Steve frowned into his food and tried to keep his mouth shut against the immediate and admittedly slightly petulant response that came easily to his mouth. Sam caught his eye and stifled a laugh, which just made Steve frown harder.
cute,” Steve admitted with a toothy grin, looking unbearably happy as he curled his hands around the back of Tony’s knees. “Also very hot and sexy though, don’t worry.”
Tony gasped, feeling a rib crack with the impact. He bent double but Steve caught him in his arms, holding him steady as he wheezed. Tony was too busy trying to tamp down on the urge to cry out to push him off, so he just sagged into Steve’s hold instead, broken and pathetic.
“It’s because I am,” Bucky said down the line, “so sue me for wanting to make sure you haven’t thrown yourself in front of a car yet. I worry.”
He drifted just above unconsciousness lazily for a few minutes while Tony padded around the room, brushing his own teeth and then getting into his pyjamas. When Steve felt the weight of Tony’s body shuffle onto the bed, he rolled to the side and then stretched out his hands. Tony laughed quietly, tiredly, and fell into them.
And his hands were tied down. He could feel it, now he was coming round and becoming more aware. His hands were tied down and he was in hospital and he could remember—he’d killed them, all of them, and then he’d turned on…
Steve spluttered. How the hell was he even supposed to answer that question? He didn’t know what he’d tell his
Tony watched this all in fascination for a few moments. He got the feeling it had been a long night for Thor. “Enjoying yourself?”
He faced off, one man against Thanos’ entire army as it marched toward him and his broken shield, and all he could think about was Maria.
One time a week or so after Tony had been discharged from hospital, Steve had been talking to Thor and Tony about the ridiculous results of the baseball game he’d just watched, his words fast and hands flailing frustratedly through the air, and Tony had only realised he’d stepped smoothly out of reach when his butt had hit the stool and sent it toppling over. He must have moved fast. And the way Steve had looked at him when he’d turned his head had been something Tony never in his life wanted to see again.
Thor’s hand clapped against his shoulder again as he nodded in agreement, and he promised he’d order Steve some food before walking off over in the direction of warmth and burgers. It left Steve alone in the half-darkness, a small smile on his face as he turned back to look over at his mom.
It said something about the both of them that Steve genuinely couldn’t tell the difference, sometimes.
“No!” Steve shut his eyes and sat up off the floor, despite the pain it caused him, “no, I did not sleep with Tony fucking Stark. Yes, I am aware of how everything around him explodes spontaneously into flames or whatever the fuck you all seem to think happens. And no, he did not force, bribe or otherwise coerce me into following him.”
“that’s a lifelong dream?” Sam said, and when Thor nodded, he just shrugged. “I- fair enough. You do you, man, I guess.”
“Not from what I’m hearing.” Tony watched as the man scrambled hurriedly off the couch and then walked over toward the kitchen, his face breaking out into a happy smile as he set his eyes on Peter. Tony handed him over as soon as he came close enough. “Just listen to him, Steve, he’s definitely saying Bruce’s—”
Tony scoffed from behind him, and Steve turned curiously. “No. I just fixed her up, duh. Didn’t take much- I think she was just moody because I hadn’t shown her enough attention these past few weeks. She’s very temperamental,” Tony explained with a shrug- and right, yeah, that explained the grease stains and general disorderly look.
Tony might have loved him a few months ago, but he sure as hell didn’t now. Not after… not after everything. He couldn’t possibly.
Everyone pulled a face. "God, no, we're not doing that," Tony said defensively, "this is a small human, not an agent. They're not going to be much use with him."
“That was me being generous,” Tony muttered under his breath, but when Bucky glanced over at him he grinned a bit, and Steve just frowned harder.
“I don’t have a jacket,” Rhodey said, because ever since Bruce had laid his own coat over Tony, they’re been rotating the two that they had left between the three of them. “I’ll get hypothermia out there.”
“When is he not?” Steve asked with a fond roll of his eyes, and Thor just nodded and laughed as he jumped off the bus and waved to Steve when it began to move off again.
“You what?” Steve turned to her rapidly, eyes widening, but she just shrugged and drew a figure of eight on the table, flicking her hair out of her face.
It seemed in the night Steve had been away, Tony had disassembled…everything. Cupboards, bed, electricals- it was all lying in pieces on the floor around Tony. It looked like someone had taken a bat to the place and started swinging with abandon.
. The weight of Steve’s movement as he reached up to grab his mug of coffee from the shelf, how far away he was from Tony, how long it’d take to reach him if he got angry. All completely stupid, ridiculous calculations that he forced himself to try and stop- but it just happened. Reflex.
“Don’t you get it?” Clint asked, sitting up off the floor and waving his hands around him, “look at all of us, Tony. A collection of freaks and assholes, so emotionally stunted that our therapists need therapy after dealing with us. None of us ever in a million years believed that we’d be able to find a home somewhere. Be able to find people that we could call family. But you made it possible. You worked for it when we didn’t, and you looked after us in ways that we had no idea about until months later, because you just never felt the need to mention any of it. And you could never get the memories of Iron Man back, they could be lost forever- but you’d still be the founding Avenger. You’d still be the man who didn’t give up on a bunch of psycho losers that the world called heroes.” Clint pulled a face, lying back down. “Jheeze, that was emotional. I don’t want anyone to look at me for at least three hours while I recover from that.”
“Natasha,” Steve said in a somewhat more nasally voice as he moved back to the subject at hand, “what do you think’s going on here?”
Tony leaned in and kissed him quiet; lips a soft press against Steve’s moving mouth- and really, Steve didn’t think he was ever going to get used to that; to the way Tony’s mouth felt against his own, to how softly Tony held him. It was addictive. It was perfect.
Steve looked up at Tony as he pouted imploringly, and then sighed. How was he ever supposed to say no to a look like that? “How do we get in?”
“HYDRA is over,” Tony growled, his voice filled with determination, “the lie is finally bubbling to the surface. I’m going to expose you and your filthy organisation to the world, and there isn’t a damned thing you can do about it. I won’t kill you. Not now. But I assure you, I’m going to make sure you spend the rest of your ugly little life in the corner of a prison cell. So remember what you said about Steve- remember how you said that his life amounted to nothing. Because when you die of old age in SHIELD custody, you’re going to think of Steve Rogers over there, and you’re gonna realise that you picked the wrong fucking side to root for.”
Bruce paused for drama, because he was an asshole like that, but then he shook his head and Clint breathed a huge sigh of relief, sagging against Natasha who immediately shoved him off. “Not yours,” he confirmed, “whatever they meant in the letter, it wasn’t that.”
He checked his watch curiously. Right. Forty minutes late- that was probably what the death stare was for.
Quiet, faded in the wind that was blowing around him, but definitely present in the air. It was a noise Steve’s ears had been honed to noticing, and as soon as it processed in his brain, his walk turned to a run, body twisting as he changed course and charged through the snow in the direction the noise had come from.
It was pouring with rain when Steve arrived outside the tower. Typical. He’d only just showered, and now he probably smelt like wet dog all over again.
“Stop, stop, ew, don’t talk about kissing in front of me, old people don’t kiss, gross!” Peter squealed, trying to wriggle out of his Pops’ grip as he laughed outright and poked his side.
Not that any of that mattered. This wasn’t about Tony. This was about Steve, and the ugly truth behind the celebration Tony had adored so much. Now it just left a horrible taste in his mouth. He couldn’t get excited over something that Steve and every other Unhuman hated so much. It wasn’t right.
He arrived at Thor’s about an hour and a half earlier than anticipated. Thor was still busy making lunch by the time Steve used the code and let himself in, and he nearly dropped his pan of eggs in surprise when he saw Steve. “Oh my God,” the boy let the pan fall back to the stove with a clatter, “what happened to your face? And why are you back so early?”
This was probably what the therapist had been talking about with all that ‘healing’ shtick. Or, you know, just the loss of ability to give a fuck about school.
Steve lifted his head eventually, cold air filling the space he left around Tony’s neck. He stared at the mark he’d sucked into Tony’s skin, his eyes deep and full, before dragging his gaze up to Tony’s face. “Told you you wouldn’t be bad,” he declared, mouth twitching in a smile.
Steve just looked at him; looked at his husband, with his life-bright eyes and vibrating anger, and knew that it was all just a front. Tony’s heart was on his sleeve, even if he didn’t know it.
Steve gave him the phone for emergencies, and sometimes Tony texted him addresses and Steve would go and they’d end up having sex, and then Tony would leave without a word and Steve knew that he wouldn’t get away with asking for anything more. He’d only tried once, taking Tony’s wrist as he was getting up to slip on his Tshirt and whispering the smallest plea for him to
Slowly, all three of them made their way through the hatch and out into the exposed, cold air of the surface. Tony had been correct; the entire airstrip was in disarray. Aircraft and vehicles, turned on their heads; bits of the ship that had crumbled away entirely, falling a thousand feet into the ocean they were hovering over. Fire licked across the floor, and angry-looking soldiers in telltale black and red uniform let them know it was HYDRA initiating the op.
. Uhh… wow-” Tony stammers again, glancing back at Steve, unable to find the words to express how suddenly overcome he is with the tidal wave of emotion that’s just punched him in the gut. About how amazing he thinks Steve is, like this, in his element. Surrounded by colour and sunlight and magic.
Steve realized he hadn’t breathed in a while, so he took in a sharp breath and used it as an excuse to look downward. “You- uh-“ he stumbled, “you… live? Where? Where do you live- that’s the one.”
They went back to the compound, over in New York. The remaining Avengers—the ones who’d survived Thanos and his decimation, tried to evaluate it all. Natasha found some sort of pager left by Fury, and they hooked it up to a battery and kept it running, just in case. Of what, they had no idea. Salvation, maybe. Hope.
She huffed at that, running her hand through his hair one last time before dropping it and then walking away. “You better, young man,” she said fondly, “now I’m going to go get Paul from work- Sam, wash up the dishes when you’re done- I’ll see you in a bit.”
Steve laughed and averted his gaze, where they then stuck onto something on Tony’s desk. He blinked, and then moved his hand to turn a few papers toward him, while Tony just watched and tried to think of what he’d left out that had caught his attention. Eventually, Steve held the notes up to him, a confused expression on his face. “What’s this?”
The boy landed clumsily, hand reaching for Steve’s shoulder to balance himself. “I hate Thor, actually,” Tony leaned down and told him, whilst Steve just attempted not to shiver at Tony’s hand so near his neck, “he’s the worst out of all of them, he’s only here to toss me around like his own personal ragd-“
Steve carefully draped himself over Tony's lap, allowing the other man to adjust him, leaving his ass propped up, the rest of him hanging down awkwardly. "You've been a very good boy, Steve, but sometimes? I just like to hurt you."
“No. My name is Tony. You’ve been here for almost a month. You’re practically a ghost, hiding in the shadows. Something has to give, and we’re starting with this.”
"Punished." Tony sat down on the couch and gestured for Steve to sit down next to him. As soon as he had, Tony began running a hand soothingly over his thigh. "I want to talk to you."
“Thanks.” Tony could see the tiny apartment from every angle, the heat signature moving inside. Two signatures on the roof of the building, one much cooler than a normal human, and another with a clear view from across the street.
"Good. Let's fix that, shall we?" Deft fingers quickly slicked his hole before a slim plug was slid into place, pressed directly against his prostate, making him shudder, the bells ringing quietly.
They stayed that way for a long while, Tony gently stroking his hair, eyes half closed, enjoying the peace of the moment. Steve's thoughts seemed to drift away, letting him sink down into that hazy feeling, almost like he was floating.
Tony’s mouth crashed against him, as though he were trying to devour him. Teeth scraped over his lower lip, making it throb, before a slick tongue swept into his mouth to tease and explore. Steve clung to his shoulders, trying to press closer, needing as much of him as he could get. The scent of Tony’s cologne and skin swirled around him, making him feel dizzy and weak.
Tony closed his eyes, took a slow breath before opening them again. "Absolutely. Sounds like I'm getting rewarded too. Jarvis?"
“If Strange sent you here, as much as I hate to admit it, there had to be a reason. But if you need someone to take care of you in… Special ways. How are you supposed to get that here?”
The metal around his neck began to move, slowly tightening until it fit snugly. Steve reached up to tug at it, felt the slight unusual give to the metal. Tony had claimed him. Had collared him. He moaned, hips rocking forward into the air and pressing back to grind the plug against the stool. Liquid heat pooled low in his gut, and his body felt like it was burning. He was so close to release, and he sobbed when Tony stilled his motions, denying him once more.
Then other things started to appear. Just in his rooms. Just on his floor. Slowly foods that he had discovered he liked, or Stark had recommended he should try appeared in his cabinets and refrigerator. The soft and squishy pillows had started to sneak into his bed, along with soft blankets and throws on every piece of furniture. Clothing tailored to his exact measurements had found its way into his closet, ensuring he would be prepared for any occasion from a black-tie gala to the end of the world. And who even wore leather pants that tight, anyway?
“Well, then I guess I should stop. If you don’t want to enjoy it.” He slid his hands from Steve’s nipples, gripping his hips and digging his fingers in, stilling the movement.
When they’d fallen asleep together earlier, Steve had felt perfectly content for the first time in several days. Tony loved him. Wanted to keep him. Steve wasn’t sure what to do with all of that yet. The rush of emotions Tony triggered was frightening and new. He’d expected to sleep like the dead until morning. Instead he found himself waking up feeling restless in the middle of the night. Tony was still lying beside him, the penthouse was quiet around them. He couldn’t figure out what had disturbed him. Steve carefully slid from Tony’s arms and padded into the bathroom, getting a drink of cool water then splashing some on his face. It helped for a moment, but that hot unsettled feeling quickly returned.
Callused fingertips trailed over his chest, began teasing over his nipples, soft at first, and then harder, pinching at them until Steve arched off the bed. Tony didn’t let up, teasing and toying with him until he was squirming and panting. “I want to make you crazy, Steve. I want you desperate and begging. And then I want to tell you no. Over and over until you aren’t thinking of anything but how to please me. Is that what you want?”
“I know you do, sweetheart. Which is why I’ve been working on something special, just for you. Do you want to see?” He held out his hand for Steve’s, and as soon as he took it, pulled him to his feet and led him to a back corner of the lab. There was what looked like a larger silver Iron Man suit that was opened in pieces. Abruptly the vibrations stopped and Steve gasped in relief, dizzy and slightly disoriented.
“Alright, baby. After all, you did earn it.” A third finger pressed in beside the other two, stretching him wider, and sending a bolt of pleasure through his body. Tony began thrusting in earnest, hard and deep, curling his fingers to put more pressure on Steve’s sensitive gland. The pleasure built higher and higher, locking his muscles and stealing his breath. Steve squeezed his eyes shut, praying Tony would show him mercy this time. Allow him to have it and enjoy it, instead of ruining his release this time.
He curled up on the couch, knees pulled tight against his chest. Could feel the plug shift inside him when he moved, a reminder of the man who put it there. He thought of Tony’s arms around him the night before. How good it felt to be close to someone. To know he wouldn’t be alone again. Did alpha’s feel like that too? Or did they just pick a pretty omega and decide to keep them. “I… I don’t know, Buck. I just don’t know anymore. I’m… Afraid.”
Loki arched a brow at him. "Do you believe you could have that sort of conversation without turning painfully red?"
Except… Tony had told Steve to come wake him if he needed anything. Ordered him to. The genius would be displeased with him if he didn’t do as he was told. Who wanted a disobedient omega? And if Steve didn’t go to him, would Tony think it was because Steve didn’t trust him? A distressed noise caught in the back of his throat. He needed his alpha. Needed to obey, no matter how difficult it was.
"Oh sweetheart." His arms wrapped tightly around Steve, holding him close, feeling the slight tremors that were running through his frame. "I rearranged some things so I could leave early. I missed you."
Tony waited, watching him. When Steve didn’t move, he pressed another series of buttons. This time the dildo began to vibrate, sending Steve scrambling for a way to escape the overwhelming combination. He writhed, moaned, struggled, and sobbed. All to no avail. Tony watched him with the eyes of a predator, opening his pants and stroking over the length of his cock, as Steve fell apart before him. Steve wasn’t sure if he was working separate releases from him, or a single never ending climax. It didn’t matter. None of it would stop until his alpha was ready for it to. Steve had promised to do anything. And it had succeeded. Even now, Tony seemed more alive and engaged then he had in days.
“Yes Tony.” A warm hand slid into his, and Steve allowed himself to be pulled to his feet. Tony braced him with a arm securely around his waist when he stumbled, supporting him until he was standing on his own.
Steve couldn't hold back a smile at the other man's usual over the top exuberance. At least he could tell that he wasn't truly mad at him. That did not, however, mean that Steve wasn't going to suffer. "Okay, Tony. What do I have to do to make it up to you."
As always, tags are updated with each chapter and comments not only give me life but encourage more prolific updates. What can I say? I have a praise kink. Just ask my Dom.
Steve paced restlessly up and down the hallway, unable to bring himself to stray far from Tony’s door. It had already been an hour, and he was still waiting for permission to go in and see the other man. To reassure himself that Tony’s injuries were less than they had appeared during the battle. That he wasn’t going to die and leave Steve adrift in the future with no one to truly care for him.
A few days later when the tower inhabitants had gathered for movie night, Tony pulled Steve against him on the couch and kissed him breathless. He gave in, settling against the genius’ side and pretended he hadn’t seen the money exchange hands between their teammates.
Steve’s pecs spasmed painfully and relaxed. A slow trickle of come dripped from the cock cage. He shook in Tony’s arms, sobbing harder. He felt robbed. Cheated of the pleasure his body had been building up to. Tony made soft shushing noises as he continued to knead at Steve’s chest and toy with his nipples. “It’s okay. You’re doing so good for me, baby. Exactly what you’re supposed to. Just let me.”
"Not getting off to a good start, baby doll. I came up here hoping to reward you, and what do I find? My bad boy trying to get out of his cage."
Tears pricked at Steve’s eyes, and he hid his face in the other man’s neck again. “Thank you, Tony. You’re all that I want. I promise…”
Steve closed his eyes, felt the tight pressure of the metal on his cock and nodded. The last thing he needed was for Tony to decide to make it worse right now. Steve bowed his head, trying to look small and submissive. He couldn’t talk, couldn’t move, and had no idea what was coming next. He lost himself for a moment, overwhelmed by misery. He’d been bad for his alpha. And even worse, he felt bad about it. Was starting to want to be good for the other man. A sharp slap to his caged cock made him jerk his head back up with a cry, thighs straining to close. To protect himself.
“I shall do my very best,” Thor told him, “long as you do the same for yourself. Tony told me to look out for you- I intend to follow through.”
“No, no, it’s fine,” Steve stepped forward again, because he wasn’t one to shy away from this sort of thing, “sorry, it’s just…”
“Shut up and go get some breakfast, punk,” was all Bucky answered with, patting him sharply on the back. Steve rolled his eyes, but turned off into the kitchen all the same- only to be stopped when Bucky’s hand curled around his shoulder.
Sam was already at the table as Steve sat down, and he was going to town on a bowl of cereal as his hand tapped quickly against the screen of his phone. “Mornin’” he greeted through a mouthful of Lucky Charms, “did you know Bucky and Natasha went on a date last night?”
“And why was he telling me that you’d been acting strangely as soon as the topic of Peter got brought up, even going so far as to say that he was a nightmare, and generally giving off the impression that you no longer wanted anything to do with him?” Steve’s face had hardened at that, which was great, because now the expression had turned into his ‘you’ve crossed the line Tony’ look, which was fucking stupid anyway, Tony hadn’t done anything wrong.
“I’m sorry for bailing on you like that,” Steve said after a period of quiet, “were you alright with them?”
Steve dropped his bag at the door, walking in and searching out the couch. “Suspended,” he muttered, “I’ll give you three guesses as to why.”
There was a pause. A second longer than there should normally be, where he felt Steve’s throat work silently and his hands twitch in the silence. Tony’s heart lurched. But then- “I love you too.”
“It’s not that,” Steve shook his head, laughing, “you just… your neck goes red when you blush. It’s-“
It was definitely disappointing, Tony wasn’t going to lie. He’d been preparing his Halloween costume since the back-end of September in order to look cool for whatever celebrations that would ensue. Now, it seemed that Steve and the rest of their friends weren’t intending on even doing anything.
“Yes, you are,” Steve answered, kissing him on the temple, “but you’re also very stupid. Next time, just go to sleep, rather than wait up for my sake.”
“Ah- Glad you asked,” Peggy said, sitting up instantly and jumping off the bed, hair falling into her eyes as she leaned over Bucky’s desk and grabbed his laptop. “We’re going to do some detective work.”
“For about half an hour, yeah,” Steve grinned, leaning onto the mattress and then looking up at Tony, who was just watching him with a mixture of incredulity and relief in his eyes. He pressed a kiss to the soft lips in front of him and then chucked him under the chin. “Run away with me, Stark,” Steve asked softly.
Fuck, Tony was going to give him a heart attack and he'd probably die happy as long it meant he could just keep looking at him without a shirt on. Wow. He was... he was fucking gorgeous- toned muscle and strong arms and tanned skin that contrasted with each shadow and dip of his body. Artistically, Steve could admire the almost exact symmetry about him, the exquisite complimenting colors, the perfect proportion of everything. He hadn't thought like that about another person in months and months, but Tony... he was just too beautiful to ignore.
“What the fuck,” he blurted, jumping suddenly and turning around, then raising his eyebrows over to Tony. “Oh. Hello?”
“Don’t,” Steve gritted sharply, finally looking down and glaring at the lake below them. He heard the metal groan under his grip. “Don’t say that, Natasha, not now.”
“No, I mean… you’re good at all of it,” Steve said, waving a hand to Peter’s general vicinity. “Looking after him. You’ve got a real soft spot for him, huh?”
Steve let Tony sprawl over him and sleep for four hours, not even allowing himself to get up and pee. Tony’s warmth seeped into his bones, and when he curled into Steve’s chest with his whole body wrapped up in Steve’s own, he looked so much slighter and more defenceless. His closed eyes fluttered with dreams, and Steve watched his eyelashes twitch and curl, enchanted by it. Tony looked beautiful all the time, but there was something particularly heart-wrenching about seeing him sleep. He was altogether more child-like; he clung onto Steve and buried himself in blankets, and more than once Steve had woken up and turned around to face him, and only ended up seeing a tuft of dark brown curls, everything else buried under pillows and sheets.
“You do realize you’re going to have to do some major construction work in regards to sorting out your behavior at school right now, you know? No more smoking in the bathrooms or getting detentions every night, Stark. They don't like that in the Ivy Leagues,” Steve informed him primly, hand digging into the pocket of Tony's jacket and then tugging out his packet of cigarettes before Tony even had the chance to look down. He waved them in the air, keeping them just out of reach as Tony made an unimpressed noise in the back of his throat and then reached out for them. Eventually, because Tony was pretty much double his fucking size, he just sat up with Steve still leaning against his chest and then grabbed his arms, yanking them back and snatching his cigarettes back. Steve tutted and shook his head. "Those things'll kill you, you know," he informed with a nod toward the cigarette Tony was now twirling absently through his fingers.
It took 2146 beats to finally send him to sleep, but he drifted off with the assurance of it resting under one set of fingers, and the AA coin resting in the other. Both of them promises that he had to keep.
Steve paused, sensing where this was going and looking obstinately down at his cup, refusing to let the heat creep up on his cheeks. “Yes. But that is irrelevant, it-”
“You’re not allowed to buy drugs with it!” He yelled to Loki’s turned back, and Steve didn’t hear any response, so he assumed that Thor had just been ignored. Tony rolled his eyes, and when Thor came back in looking like someone had just kicked a puppy in front of him, Steve felt the movement of Tony’s arm as it reached out and patted the other boy on the back.
“Tell me what happened,” Bucky didn’t bother with trivialities, turning to look at him with a serious glare, “Steve, please-“
Tony laughed at them all, and his gaze flicked over Steve for a moment before he raised an inconspicuous finger, asking him to wait a second. “Yeah, sorry, I’ve just been super swamped lately. I’m actually-“
Tony just huffed, making a small humming noise that was neither an agreement nor a refusal. Steve figured that they’d have to work on that particular one- but that was okay. He knew these things took time.
“My mistake was trusting SHIELD,” Steve said softly, “not finding you again, not… not all those things I said and did. None of them were mistakes. I meant every word of what I told you. At the time, I wished I didn’t. But that doesn’t change the facts I gave you that night.”
And slap bang in the middle, lying on his stomach as he cackled hysterically at the bizarre device in front of him, was Tony himself.
And then he was pushing through the crowds, leaving Steve and his friends behind- the last thing they all saw before he was lost to the masses was his bouncy little ponytail. Steve watched him leave the way Tony and Tiberius had; crowds parting instinctively to let him through.
He carried them both back into the cabin, and on his way there an idea began to form in his head. It was rough and risky, but when he ducked back into the room and caught sight of the way Tony looked, he knew that rough and risky was going to have to do. They needed to get Tony somewhere safe, and they needed it quickly.
“It’s bad. We need to get pizza or I’m gonna starve.” She made a sad face and then pressed her hands together in prayer, and Steve snorted. She was her father’s daughter alright, that was for damn sure.
“It’s reliable,” he said primly, looking around for a waiter so they could come and take their order. Tony leaned forward and nudged his head back to the table.
, Tony hadn’t been going to say, but it was too late to explain that anyway. “Yeah, right. My mistake.” His eyes were cold now, arms folded, his whole demeanour suddenly closed off, and God, this was a pretty rapid decline considering they’d been making out not even minutes ago. “You know, someone once spat at Natasha on the street when they saw she was a demon. But tomorrow, you’ll go out there and see a hundred people with red eyes, walking around having the time of their lives. They get to wear the trait for a few hours and then take ‘em out as soon as it stops being a problem. Natasha can’t do that. Natasha just has to take the spit.”
“BUCKY!” Steve yelled in fury, slamming his hands into the boy’s chest again, “Bucky, For the love of Christ,
Steve looked back at Peter, scooping up another dollop of what Tony could only describe as weird orange-coloured slime. “It tastes like dead people’s toes,” Steve informed him.
They tended to stay together for most of the time, unless Steve was going on runs in the morning or Tony needed to take some calls. Steve enjoyed getting to know the local village while he exercised, and was soon dragging Tony to all the little café’s he’d seen along his route and showing him the quirky antique shop that he’d seen tucked away and known Tony would probably appreciate. The man had a strange love for old random shit—Steve couldn’t really say he shared it, but he sure as hell loved watching Tony’s eyes go wide and excited as he held up a rusty silver dinner plate and demanded they put it somewhere in the tower.
“I saw you,” he repeated, the same and only words he’d spoken since that shot had rung out, “I… it was only for a fraction of a second, I don’t… but it was you. I’m sure of it.”
“No, I just… man, I wanted to- uh- apologise,” he looked around awkwardly, eyes flitting around, like he was looking for someone, “I didn’t mean to be an asshole, I didn’t know you were friends with… yeah. I’m just- we cool?”
Unfortunately, as the month of October began, he quickly realised that his boyfriend, one Steve Rogers, did not exactly share that sentiment.
“It’s okay,” Tony began instantly, “Steve, it’s fine, I’m over it already, it’s just like any other fight-“
Steve opened his mouth to speak, but then he felt Tony’s fingers come to rest delicately on one of the bruises running along his chest and suddenly the words had died completely, leaving only breathlessness in its wake. He held back a gasp, staying very still as Tony traced around the mark with barely-there fingers; his gaze so focused, so very
Clint put his hands up. "Whoah now, innocent until proven guilty! We don't know that he's mine yet."
“Did I imagine it?” He asked Sam, once Bucky had closed the door behind him and emptied the room of all guests.
“Do you know what it’s like to get publicly embarrassed by your partner on live television?” Steve said, his hands clenched at his sides as his chest heaved. His eyes were wet- God, he was about to cry. “To watch him blatantly come on to some B-list actor as if his boyfriend isn’t sat at home, already fucking
Tony leaned back and bit down on his tongue so he didn’t burst out laughing. “Mmmm, really?” He asked, and then watched as Steve nodded vigorously.
But for now, Steve was just going to enjoy the stars above him and Tony beside him and the fact that the world appeared to have stopped, just for tonight- just for him.
Steve smiled into Tony’s neck, and the other boy felt it. “What?” he asked softly, mouth moving against Steve’s forehead.
“If I had,” he muttered, picking his screwdriver back up, “if I’d gone to you, and there hadn’t been any aliens or hypnosis or—or whatever… would you have believed me?”
“Calm down, both of you.” Clint sat up off the floor, wiping his face and then pulling Tony’s arm hastily. “We need to get out of here. Now.”
"I haven't- uh- been with anyone for a while. Over a year now," Bruce said, cheeks tinting pink, "I'm very sure."
Steve ended the call with a sigh, hoping at the very least that Thor could get the day off. If not, then Steve was just going to have to risk the punishment later, because he sure as hell wasn’t going to leave Tony alone.
“Well, we’re both very wise individuals,” Bucky shrugged and then had the nerve to look offended when Steve burst out laughing. “Hey- I am wise as fuck, I don’t know what you’re grinning for, just because I have a tendency to act like an asshole doesn’t mean I can’t be a wise one-“
“Thank you, again,” Steve blurted, because he felt like he was never going to be able to stop saying it, “for getting back my ring. It really- it means a lot to me. My mom… she would’a liked you a lot, I think.”
“None of those decisions were yours,” Tony steamrolled on, shaking his head and looking away, “they were mine, and Ty’s, and Howard’s. And I’m not fucking sorry I did it. I’m
“Japanese,” he blurted, watching the way the other man frowned, “I can… Japanese. Mandarin. Spanish, French, some Swahili. I’ll learn some more. I will, I swear, don’t kick me off.”
Except a hand suddenly swung up and rested on his chest gently, blocking his path. Tony followed it with his eyes until he rested on Steve’s face, shooting a questioning eyebrow raise his way.
Steve chuckled and then yawned immediately after, checking the clock. 9:13 AM. They had the whole day ahead of them. “I like that plan,” he answered as he pulled back the covers and then slipped fluidly out of bed, standing straight and stretching up to the sky in order to crack his joints. He himself was only wearing some faded Thor-Themed sweatpants, and he had no doubt that his hair was sticking up on end as if a bird had been making its home there that night. His bedhead was always a damn nightmare.
Clint makes a move, ruffling his hair and then cooing, despite Tony’s grumble of protest. He would normally just punch him, but did he mention how tired he was? Really fucking tired.
Like all good things, eventually their little soiree had to come to an end, and at the end of the week they were packing all their stuff up and heading back to the tower once more. Steve, because he was an asshole, made them get up at the asscrack of dawn in order to arrive back home in good time, and after some gentle attempts at getting Tony to move out of bed of his own accord, Steve eventually ended up hauling Tony from the mattress and then carrying him out to the Jeep, bedsheets and all.
In that moment, he came to the sickening realisation that Steve was going to hurt him very, very badly.
If they’d been good enough to take Steve Rogers out of action, then it begged the question as to where the hell they’d all disappeared to now. “Better?” He asked JARVIS expectantly.
Steve flinched like someone had physically hit him. For a second, it was all he could see in his mind’s eye, but he hastily forced it down before it could send him spiralling. It wouldn’t help them just then. “Even if they are close by, if we don’t follow their trail perfectly, we risk getting further and further apart,” he muttered, mostly to himself. “Thor’s probably right. We have to find backup, or at least get to a place where we can call for help.”
The compound was silent. FRIDAY said good morning. Tony didn’t answer. She didn’t try anything else.
With a battle cry that sounded like a hurricane blowing through, they charged at Thanos and his army, human and alien and everything in between, hurtling through the rubble and dust and ruins of the compound and heading to war with the beings intent on destroying their universe. He heard Thor’s roar and resounding thunder clap, and then the charging up of repulsors as Tony flew up ahead. Steve smiled, wild and triumphant, and let the jagged edge of his shield slice through the first thing that stood in his way.
. Fast and rapid, scrambling to the left and bolting for the stairs on the other side of the room at the same time that Michael jumped forward and threw the heel of his fist into Steve’s chest with a force that sent the man stumbling back. The robot was strong; unnaturally so, and it was enough to put Steve on the floor, which didn’t bode well. Tony spun on his heel, throwing an arm out in Thor’s direction. “You get the other one!” He yelled, hearing behind him as Natasha tackled the LMD away from Steve, “don’t let him touch Peter!”
“Oh, we’ve been through this more than once in this evening alone,” Steve informed him, and then cackled when Bucky threw a pillow at his head.
Outside the door of his hospital room, he could hear Steve chatting with one of the nurses outside. Since Tony had been pulled out of that HYDRA base and brought back to New York, that mother hen had barely left his side for a minute. Tony thought Steve was overreacting a little bit: he’d only been in captivity for a week, after all. Compared to
Tony clenched his jaw. “He won’t hurt me. Only reason he went for Clint in the first place was because he was trying to defend my fucking virtue, or something. I’ll be fine.”
He felt like he couldn’t breathe. Every memory was there in clarity for him to see- what he’d done, to… to Tony, oh God,
“I’m not actually your personal servant, sweetheart,” Tony said absently as he picked at the pasta on his tray.
he’d make it perfect. He’d learned a lot about Tony over the years. He knew that the boy liked Metallica, but he also had a soft spot for Frank Sinatra. Steve had a record of that which he’d play. And then Tony loved Twinkies, too. Steve could buy them, and he’d declare it their main course, and Tony would laugh that pretty laugh where his mouth curled up and his eyes crinkled and-
"We have a duty of care, Steve," he snapped, "and this is a helpless baby. He's damned well our responsibility now." He sighed and then slowly lowered himself onto the couch, swallowing nervously. His own words settled some sense of enormity onto the situation they'd just been dropped into. This was a very small child in his arms, who couldn't talk or communicate or probably even walk yet. And none of them had any idea about what to do with him.
Tony saw the movement though, and he looked up in question, so Steve stammered out a small, “can—can I?”, because he didn’t think he was going to be able to sleep without hearing it.
Then, without further ado, he slammed the sharpened end of the screwdriver deep in between the LMD’s eyebrows, watching the sparks fly and the man’s eyes turn an eerie white as the pointy object drove its way straight through the motherboard.
“Why did you have to leave me?” He asked through gritted teeth, and the rain was making his hair wet; it fell into his eyes uncomfortably, but if he unclenched his hands from where they were held by his sides just then he might end up hitting something, so he just left it there. “Why did you have to go when I fucking needed you?”
Out of nowhere, Steve suddenly found himself cut off by a sharp, ear-piercing bang, and the realisation that it was the sound of a bullet leaving a chamber took less than a second for his brain to process. Steve’s eyes moved of their own accord, primal instincts kicking in as he scoped out the danger. He saw it instantly. A man at the edge of the road, gun in hand, eyes wild, whole body shaking. There were no bodies immediately next to him, which meant it hadn’t been a mugging or fight of any kind. “FOR RACHEL!” He screamed hoarsely, and his eyes somehow found Steve’s on the sidewalk. Like he’d been watching and already knew that Steve was there. He flailed his arm frantically, gun waving through the air. “THAT WAS FOR RACHEL!”
“I should have been here,” Tony interrupted as if he hadn’t even heard Steve at all, lips pursing into a thin line as he looked back to Steve with his guilty eyes and then brushed lightly across Steve’s cheek with his knuckles, “do you want to try sleeping again? Or do you want to go do something else?”
Tony didn’t ask to be filled in on what he’d done at his mom’s grave. He could probably tell from Steve’s dirty jeans and slightly puffy eyes anyway. And maybe when Steve was feeling a little less weary, he’d tell Tony a bit more. For now though, he was content to just allow the silent company of Tony to pull his heart up from the floor by an inch or two. Maybe not enough to make him completely better, but definitely enough for Steve to be glad that Tony was here with him.
Two rapid blinks, and the thought was removed swiftly from his head, shoved back down into the drawer he’d stuffed it in since the whole debacle had occurred. 52 beats-per-minute was fine, and that was all Tony needed to know. He looked back down at his work and then signed off another paper, taking in a long breath and trying to keep his eyes firmly open. It’d been two, maybe three days since his last full sleep. He’d most just been living off naps and short rests, but that was it. He knew he was going to have to give in and go to bed properly soon, but he was just… busy, currently. That was all.
In response, he got another small shrug. “Does it matter? No. It was years ago. And Zeke hates me. It’s just what we do, I guess. Everyone’ll be waitin’ to see how I retaliate.”
“It’s better this way,” Tony said softly, and Steve turned his head, looking behind him and over to Tony who was staring at his own jacket and nodding slightly, “he was right. I shouldn’t have… yeah. My mistake.” Tony looked away, pursing his lips.
because his brain really was a bitch like that sometimes, and a shock like this wasn’t one you just got over in an hour.
about it. It’s like I’m you guys, like I’m looking at it through someone else’s eyes. I mean, scientifically, it’s incredible, but personally? It sucks.” He waved his hands through the air and then shook his head, turning back to Bucky. “So yeah. Mind-mushed probably fits the bill.”
Steve asked for a Whiskey and then Tony directed him over to the couch in the living room, where he hobbled dutifully. He had to admit that maybe the ‘I never got over you’ angle would actually be easier to play, considering… well. Maybe it wasn’t so far from the truth as Steve would have liked. And by the looks of it, Tony seemed to be in the same boat. Steve wasn’t going to feel guilty for using that against him. He
“You can’t take them all on alone,” Tony said, hesitating for a moment before looking behind to his team. “Call Bruce. Tell him we need him. Then let Happy know. He’ll go on babysitting duty.”
“It won’t ever stop, sweetheart, that’s why they call it perpetual motion,” Steve scooped him up gently, and he felt Tony’s laugh against his shoulder as the man’s head dropped in exhaustion.
Tony was a mess. His lip was split, and it looked like Thor had cleaned some of the blood away, but a fresher layer had dripped down, following gravity as it slipped in a red rivulet across his chin. His cheek was destroyed, a deep gash running across the bone from what looked like a repeated attack with something that had to have been sharper than a fist. His eye was blackened, swollen up, and there was a cut running across his forehead that was streaking his face with blood.
“I fucking hate that fucking documentary,” Tony whispered hysterically, laughing through the sobs, “fucking… talked about Howard like he was some devastated wreck, like he gave half a damn. Didn’t even… never even mentioned Jarvis once, you know that? He got in that car and he died in that fucking car and no one even talks about him, ‘cause he was just some fucking… who gives a fuck about the butler, right? Who gives a fuck?”
He slipped into class and mumbled an apology to his teacher before sitting at his spot at the back of the room, next to Bruce. The boy was taking a nap on the desk, but when he heard Steve slip into the seat next to him he shot up like a rocket, face turning to Steve, immediately worried. “I heard what happened,” he said, “is Tony okay? How bad was it? Is he—”
Tony followed shortly after, pulling a face. “We all know that, buddy, what I’m asking is why you decided to nearly start a fight with him in the middle of an empty corridor. You’ve never even spoken to him!”
He made his way over to the worn-out couch in the corner of the room and then sat gingerly on it, careful not to jostle his midsection. He’d tape it in the morning and it’d be fine, he was sure. Had worse, after all.
He looked over at the wall stubbornly. “Maybe he’s a little bit clever, then,” he admitted sullenly.
“Artificial Intelligence,” Tony answered, “don’t worry, you won’t feel a thing, the scan’s just external.”
Tony pulled another face, this one not nearly as amusing as he glared in exasperation at the team around him. They all turned to him and pulled the same face, Thor throwing up his hands and opening his mouth to say something. Tony, however, got there first. “Goddamn it, which one of you called them already? Shit, we can’t let them take him yet, he’s at risk. Someone hold them off—”
But it wasn’t an unknown number. It was Thor, for some reason. Steve frowned in confusion for a moment, before inexplicably, something dropped in his stomach- something heavy and deep, that tugged on his throat and made it a little difficult to breathe. He wasn’t even sure what it was exactly- he just knew, without a shadow of a doubt, that when he picked up that phone something bad was going to happen.
“I was asking why you were up,” Tony said again, coming to sit next to Steve on the couch as the 5am news bulletin played in front of them.
Tony held it between his fingers, showing Steve the beautifully designed little crescent moon, made of silver. It was shiny and in pristine quality, implying Tony cleaned it regularly.
Paul blinked, before nodding awkwardly. “This doesn’t make what happened today any easier for us, Steve,” he said, although his voice was a fraction more gentle, “you’re still facing a potential assault charge here. And you’re suspended. That’s gonna go on your report, so no doubt your social worker’s gonna be coming by to do another evaluation—”
“Hey, dude, I’m sorry,” Sam looked a little surprised, shaking his head slowly as he stared at Steve, “I didn’t mean to… I just know what he’s like, that’s all.”
He could have stood there and watched him work for hours, but Steve- because he’s Steve- suddenly becomes aware of Tony’s presence, despite the fact he hasn’t made a sound, and he turns around suddenly, facing Tony with a startled gasp of surprise. Now that Tony can properly see him, it’s easy to see that he hasn’t been sleeping. There are dark circles under his eyes, his hair is an unkempt mess of blond, and there’s an uncharacteristic unsteadiness to his movements that would only be there from lack of sleep.
“Hi,” the man said pretty cheerfully, wasting no time as he summoned a huge ball of flame and then hurled it at Tony. “We haven’t met. I’m Cass.”
But then sometimes he’d see Tony on the news when he was passing through the living room, or he’d have to wait around the corner for the paparazzi to leave Tony alone before he was able to see him, and suddenly the reality would hit home a little.
He paused. Shrugged. “Well, kids do grow up very fast. Anyway, you’re still hungover from last night, so you’ll probably only throw up. I don’t wanna be the one responsible for that m-“
He looked up at Tony and debated the question. “Like I just lost a fight,” he admitted in the end, a frown forming, “been a while since that happened.”
“That is not a snack, Peter,” dad said, because unfortunately he was good at reading Peter’s mind like that. “That’s like, a full meal. We’re having dinner in an hour, are you serious-”
You- you’re still trying to put me first, aren’t you? Jesus, Tony- you say you’re incapable of telling people they matter to you, and then you pull the moon outta the sky because one of us said it looked pretty! You know… love doesn’t show in words, Tony, it shows in actions. Always.”
Tony froze. Then he sighed deeply, pursing his lips tight together. “I am going to kill that little bastard one day, you know.”
Like a flash, Tony wasn’t drowsy. In fact, his reactions were some of the quickest Steve had ever seen in his life. He barely even took a breath or looked at Steve at all- but a foot came out and hit him square in the stomach, hard and untamed. Steve wheezed in complete surprise, the power behind Tony’s foot sending him flying off the bed, landing him heavily on the floor below. Something blunt- a corner of a random bit of equipment, maybe- hit him on the nose on the way down, and he barely had the sense to withhold the grunt of pain as he was suddenly brought into close quarters with the bottom of Tony’s room.
Just thinking his name brought a smile to his mouth. Tony was… Tony was Steve’s everything. Sun, moon, and Stars- Tony encompassed Steve’s very existence. Without him, Steve would be nothing. He would have nothing.
With another terribly smug grin, Sam handed it over. Steve pressed his hand over the button, before sparing all his friends a withering stare. “If any of you make sex noises when I answer, I’m burying each and every one of you. And yes, I’m looking at you, Barton.”
“Mr. Rogers?” A familiar male voice asked, smooth queen’s-English being spoken down the phone, “auditory records match with previous encounters. This is Steven Grant Rogers, correct?”
So he kissed him again. Made sure to angle up right and everything. He curled his hand around the back of Steve’s neck and put the other one on Steve’s shoulder, pushing him gently back against the wall and then putting everything he had into that damn kiss. “How long have you been trying,” he spoke the words into Steve’s mouth and Steve, who had previously been distracted by the fact that he had discovered another tongue in his mouth, shivered a little and then tugged on Tony’s hips, drawing him in.
His best friend had been a murder weapon for seventy years. While Steve had gotten the peace of a coma, Bucky had become HYDRA’s pet. Their unwilling killing machine. Loki had known, and he’d… he’d told Steve, and—
“Because it’s not real!” Tony’s hands rose and curled around Steve’s wrist, holding tight, begging him to understand. “This… this is a sham, Steve. He’s not ours to keep, and he is going to leave. Do you understand that? He’s going to fucking go, and I can’t… God, Steve, we’re still acting like some sort of fucking family.”
He sent off to Steve, knowing it was a bit of a long shot. After no instant response, Tony put the phone back down and then tried to focus up on the letter in front of him, telling him he was expected at a meeting over in the Pennsylvania branch tomorrow at 7 in the evening. The new Stark product launch was only a few days away, and so it was all hands on deck until they were 100% sure everything would go smoothly. Which, in all honesty, was unlikely to happen anyway. Tony had been in this game for a long time. This sort of shit rarely went without at least one aneurism-inducing hitch. Of course, the crusty board members wouldn’t ever believe that, and tried to make him ‘behave’ every time they were about to release a new piece into the public. And by behave, Tony knew they meant ‘act conservative and don’t flaunt the fact you have a boyfriend or that you’re anything other than a straight-laced boring shitheel like the rest of us’.
