“Yes,” he said. “Please. Anywhere. Everywhere.” He smiled at the look of gratitude that must have stole across John’s features. “Just remember what I said before, about the discomfort. You may touch, hold, feel any part of me you like. I only ask that you don’t aim to stimulate. Is that alright with you?”
Stars explode behind his eyelids and a strong taste of iron coats the back of his throat. His head spins, suffering for lack of oxygen as the bag is tightened around his neck. He’s lifted clean off his feet without warning.
John gave him a suspicious look. “Why?” he breathed, but Sherlock only smiled to himself and settled back in his seat.
It was perhaps the wrong thing to say at that moment. “You didn’t let someone know?!” His limbs stiffen and his weight shifts, pressing Sherlock’s head beneath the water again. He kicks harder, resurfacing with a groan and spitting the water from his mouth. He has to keep John calm— at this rate he’ll drown them both, just like he almost did in the pool.
“Boring,” Sherlock rebuffed. “And I never guess, John, you know that. Next! Spin the bottle, pick someone already!”
In that moment, Sherlock nudged him and pointed across the stadium at an enormous mounted TV screen. John couldn’t believe what he was seeing. There, blown up on a 5,000 square feet image that everyone in the stadium was currently watching, was a live image of himself and Sherlock in their seats under a flashing bit of text that simply read,
“You arse!” he screeches, his voice choked. Water runs over his face in rivulets and sprays from his lips. “You prick! You absolute fucking prat, let go of me! Let go!”
His knees were growing weak. Sherlock seemed to sense he was drawing close and withdrew his hand from John’s pants. Ignoring John’s whine of protest, Sherlock took his wrists and pulled him away from the wall. “Come over here. Sit,” he said, turning them both around and pushing John down onto the edge of the bed. “And take off your clothes,” he added, before sliding his crumpled shirt off the rest of the way.
“You’re right. I have been running,” he says. Sherlock’s eyes brighten hopefully, but John is quick to temper his expectations. “That doesn’t mean I’m ready to let you or anyone else go there again just yet. Just… Give me a little space. I need to cool down and think about it.”
“Even if that’s true,” John said, “it wouldn’t… I’d need more. Christ, I want you in ways that you can’t… Whatever you feel for me, Sherlock, it’s not enough. It breaks my heart to say it, but it’s true. It’s not your fault. But I can’t help it.”
Feeling a little snubbed, John starts pecking out a reply with his thumb to delay the inevitable as long as possible. He really, really doesn't want to get up. But as frustrating as it is, Sherlock does have a point. This isn’t a holiday; they’re here to do a job, to potentially save someone’s life. The attack could happen at any moment. Imagine explaining that one to Lestrade: "
He doesn’t ask if the donation was voluntary. Mycroft may not be the self-sacrificing type, but John wouldn’t put it past him to find other ways around the problem. The less he knows about where that kidney came from, the better.
He appears asleep, as if John could simply reach out and nudge him awake, except he would get no response if he tried. He looks so vulnerable lying there, wires trailing from him, tethering him to the bed like vines as they draw his blood and push it through the dialysis machine. His face and arms are peeling from sunburn. It looks irritated; John has to restrain himself from the urge to soothe it, and he doesn’t know if it’s his nature as a medic, a friend, or something else entirely, but the nurses couldn’t pry him away for more than five minutes when they first arrived. They initially mistook him for Sherlock’s spouse. He wanted to do everything, monitor everything, even though he just ended up getting in the way. Eventually they handed off the duty of changing his bandages just to give John something useful to do.
"Yes it is, you said medicine is your ..." and Sherlock couldn't stop the sneer. If words could be palpable, this one was the equivalent of getting smacked with a brick. "Calling."
"I didn't know ..." he began, but then stopped. John searched his memory for how Sameer had lived there these weeks without ever going in there, without noticing, and couldn't specifically remember one way or the other.
"What's your problem?" A bunkmate, Ted one of the more senior CRNAs, glared but John didn't answer. They'd known each other long enough, worked together long enough, that mincing words was a pointless waste of time. It was more direct than hostile.
Still humoured, John sighed with exaggeration as Sameer got out of the car, chuckling. He turned to Rosie, to help with her carseat. "Come on you, let's get you inside and into the bath."
John blinked, forcing himself to maintain the status quo, and he let the puzzled expression he was so good at come to his face. "I have no idea what you mean."
Sherlock’s smile is fleeting but one of the most genuine ones he’s worn since his collapse, his admission, this terrible journey. The single word conveys his gratitude, his increased comfort, his appreciation. “John.”
John frowned, snuggling Rosie and flipping open the book. He didn't start to read right away. "I remember, there were a lot of things that grew pretty well there."
"Wow, are they going to be glad to get rid of you," John observes once it is just them left in the room.
John had barely even looked at Sherlock after the door shut when Sherlock snarled, "I know." He then flounced on the couch, putting his back to John, and any further conversation was not returned.
John was close behind him, close enough to hear the murmuring, and they both stood looking into the bedroom. "Clothes."
- because better days are ahead. Put this piece to bed, fluff the pillow, tuck up the covers, press a kiss to its temple, and resolutely tell it goodnight as you tiptoe quietly from the room. It is resting now, complete and at peace. Take a deep breath and do not disturb.
Dawn shrugs. "We try hard not to predict anything. But if the improvement in his oxygen needs are an actual indicator, then, maybe. Perhaps. Not up to me." She finishes coiling up some of the cords on the IV pumps, secures the velcro straps on the power cords, and now that Sherlock is packed up, the respiratory therapist begins her process of changing the ventilator circuit to the portable ventilator.
John finds that he is tired of pussyfooting around the misery. "Would you rather stay here?" Sherlock gives him a mildly shocked, mildly amused glare. "What, I think it's a fair question. We're doing the best we can here."
There was an inhale, a rustle, and then a raspy, quiet complaint. "Can you go natter off somewhere else?"
"Feeling okay?" John smiled, tapped him on the leg, permission to look, and so Sherlock nodded. "I thought perhaps you'd like the weight, especially after working so hard. And I brought something else to try, something perhaps more for me but I think you'll like it well enough." From eyelids now wide open, Sherlock, curious, watched John place the bundle next to them on the bed. "These are ... well, actually, in hospitals they're called bath in a bag. It's a means to have a wash without getting into a shower or a tub." Sherlock's face changed, eyes crinkling just a little, disbelief, uncertainty, and the faint smile was automatic, impressed with another bit of John's unpredictability. "I'm not asking permission, exactly, but I'm asking you to trust me. And to speak up if ..."
"That's all right, don't worry about it. Normal, given the stress of the day. The last few days. Again, slow, deep breath. Good job." Sherlock seemed to settle then, his body relaxing the smallest amount on the stretcher where he still lay on his side. The anaesthesiologist lightly cleared his throat, gathering John's attention, the unspoken question in his eyes.
"Oh, wait, before you leave," Sherlock recalls the gift he has, and asks John to retrieve it from the closet. Once he is holding the bag, he grins at Rosie. "I brought you something from my trip, while I was away." She squirms, but once in his arms she goes after the nasal cannula again rather than the bag. John gets involved, distracts her with the gift bag again, the present, and she does then finally take note of it, pulls out a tissue papered bundle.
Mycroft swallowed hard over the lump in his throat. Sherlock would be most unhappy. For all the times he'd picked up the pieces, provided meals or money or clothing or a mobile, he was quite aware that in order to help, he was going to have to take a step back and stop fixing things, making them go away, or continuing to block the consequences of Sherlock's choices.
There are biscuits, a small glass of milk offered and accepted by the youngest still-awake household member, and Molly asks casually if she could come back some night, if that would be okay. When both John and Sherlock easily but quickly agree, they see a very relieved and relaxed smile come over Sameer's face.
John can feel a good deal of relief at the news. No complication. They should begin moving forward with recovery now, he hopes. With Rosie still snuggled up against him, he answers the texts with one of his own.
"Yes, and I'll be taking off now that you've arrived." Sherlock breathed a quiet thank you as the agent, without any further discussion, was swallowed into the hallway as he strode away.
John realised, said, "We believe you are Captain John Watson?" A potential client would have been asking about Sherlock, then. Interesting that the reference was his military rank, which no one including himself really ever used anymore.
Once inside the flat, he removed his mask, hung up his coat, stripped out of his scrubs. There was a covered laundry hamper to receive them, and he could hear Sherlock upstairs with Rosie as he made his way to the bathroom for his nightly home-from-work shower. While the water heated, he considered his reflection in the mirror under the rather harsh lighting.
The movie continued, neither of them paying it too much mind, and John let his hand hover over Sherlock's wrist. "May I?" When Sherlock nodded, John held his fingers over Sherlock's pulse for a few seconds. "Nice. Regular. Normal rate." Sherlock turned his wrist so that John lost the location, and was rather disappointed until Sherlock simply slid their fingers together, so that they were holding hands instead. "Hands cold too, are they?" John said with a surprised teasing lilt to his voice.
John senses that the line has just been drawn in the sand, so he meets it head on. Darkly he thinks that since Sherlock had the audacity to refer to that very unpleasant day years ago, he can rise to the occasion and push back just a little. Assertive, no problem. "Okay, then. Let me talk to you in great detail about what happens if things don't progress, don't start
Mycroft's words were reassuring - "He's okay. Upset earlier, calmed down quickly. One of my staff is outside their room as we speak" - cut through the barrage of thoughts, the jumbled stream of consciousness, the questions. "Go unlock your front door, there's an agent waiting so you can get to the hospital. My agent will stay at Baker Street until someone returns, or other arrangements are made. Perhaps Mrs. Hudson can be recruited in the morning. That way Rosie will at least have a familiar face if she awakens before you're home." Sherlock could hear rustling of papers. "I would come myself but I won't be back to London until the day after tomorrow."
Finally, John patted Sherlock's calf, shifting it so that he could get up off the couch. "Tough break, mate. Maybe next time, eh?" He hesitated before getting involved with something else. "Now, I think I have some lotion for that dry skin. All right?"
"No it isn't." He was truly puzzled at Sherlock's reaction to his statement earlier that he'd signed up to be one of the Covid-19 Vaccinators, volunteering to give jabs at the clinic. "But please explain to me why this bothers you. Because it just doesn't make sense to me."
The men exchanged a discreet eye-roll, knowing that none of them particularly needed the symbolism, but neither kid noticed. Sam finally turned back to John. "Gotcha day, I've never heard of it. Did you make this up?"
Recap:  Sherlock developed atrial fibrillation, went to the hospital, and had a procedure (endoscopy/TOE/Cardioversion) to fix it.  Now they are home, have admitted their affections for each other, and ... things are ready to happen.
"Okay, noted." John pulls his pyjamas on in the dark and gets into bed, trying to jiggle the mattress as little as possible. They lay in silence for a while, and then John asks, "Is it any better? Even a little?"
"What's got into you? It was just a question. And if you want to tell me something, I'm listening. I can't imagine it's going to upset me. We've nothing on today. I've got no plans."
One eye narrowed as he recalled the last he'd interacted with the patient through the glass doors of the covid unit. "To a rehab? On oxygen?"
" -- and nine years ago, my husband did something very foolish." John considered putting words out there, stating or re-stating what had happened but for some reason, he didn't want to make any wrong assumptions. "I had - and lost - a daughter Laila."
Sherlock closed his eyes, swallowed hard over the sore throat from the recent endotracheal tube, and turned his head away. He considered telling Mycroft to get the hell out but opted not to engage at all. The silent treatment lasted approximately eight minutes before Mycroft gestured skyward in a minimal but rare display of frustration and left the room.
The mobile had rung many times over the years, policemen and other authorities and college deans and substance abuse specialists, letting him know about some sort of unpleasant brotherly update about his oft unpleasant brother. It ranged from overdosed again to passed out somewhere to denies doing anything but found with a bad crowd to his tox screen is all lit up. They offered recommendations such as inpatient, outpatient, partial programmes, rehab, or substance monitoring plans. He listened, often with more silence than a verbal response, knowing that no one understood Sherlock's challenges, issues, pressures, or his innate drive away from being bored, even if it meant unsafe decisions or poor choices.
"I shouldn't." John wanted to give in, wanted to know that Sherlock was all right, that since no one was watching a heart monitor tonight, that he was okay. With great effort, he tried not to recall how this all started, the distressed awakening from days before, where Sherlock had been extremely short of breath, gasping when he'd startled awake. "I'll just ... Unless you'd rather ...?"
"-- and has no bearing on my own sensations. Obviously I can feel a pulse, including my own." He stopped mid-word. "John. John. Why is your pulse ... your ... this is irregular. But not fast. Slow. Slower then faster. Now it's regular again." He clapped eyes into John's face with surprise.
Sameer blinked, wordless, held out the blue for her, which she took. "May I have one of your green?" He asked carefully, and before John had time to make even a small sound in his throat, he amended, "Please?"
John sighed. Another thing that Sherlock left for him to finish, to clean up after him. Closing the door, he turned to head upstairs, where Rosie was just stirring from her nap.
She heard her name, stopped what she was doing for a moment, determined her papa to be unexciting, picked up the book she'd been shaking.
John was sorely tempted. "Yeah, just a little I guess." He eased his tired body into the kitchen chair and smiled gratefully at the man across from him. "I'm so appreciative you know."
His eyes are closed, head turned to the side against the pillow. A paper chuck has been tucked under his open mouth, and his expression, his mouth, is hard to see under all the ... stuff on him. The tube holder, the bite block, all the suction equipment. His mouth though, is almost not recognisable and looks so foreign without a smile, smirk, or any of the expressions he is so good at making. So many things tucked inside and around his jaw, the endotracheal tube bad enough with its velcro straps and adhesive, but the rigid bite block with the endoscope currently passing through. It all looks so uncomfortable. One of the nurses suctions again. John cannot stop the sigh. While he is looking, he feels a cautious hand on his back. It is warm and a reminder that he is not technically alone.
Although, John realised almost immediately, that wasn't entirely true. The concern these days, certainly not something that could be completely ignored.
"No," he whispered, even as he drew his head - or tried to - farther away from the equipment, the doctor, the bulk of the room. The cardiac monitor alarmed, too high, and was silenced by the tech standing by. John noticed they adjusted the alarm limits.
Sherlock's fingers are squeezing hard on John's hand as the doctor explains that, because of the known hole, the neuro symptoms that had manifested earlier, even though they didn't linger, that closing the PFO is now the safest recommendation. By taking care of it now, she explains, it will prevent further problem, eliminate the possibility that another clot could pass through, this time with serious, more permanent residual impairment.
"So I'll just let Mycroft know then? To find you and drag you back?" There were crickets. "Or should we wait until you have that debilitating stroke and let him pay for the 'round the clock care at a facility?" As soon as the words left his lips, John regretted them. "No, wait. Sorry. It's late and my ...  I'm sorry, Sherlock. I shouldn't have said that. You're going to be fine."
It didn't really strike John too odd that number one was absolutely no smoking permitted anywhere on the premises. Rule number two strictly forbade any outside guests, and rule number three was no shoes to be worn on any of the carpeting.
"Recommendations on oral anticoagulants are for a minimum of thirty days barring no recurrence of symptoms." Glancing at the monitor, she continued. "No reasons to expect it'll come back, but we proceed with caution. Your papers, the instructions, are pretty clear. Follow up appointment, in my office in two w-"
The nurse, a seasoned, compassionate worker, one of whom John knew by sight as well as by name, gave a careful, hollow, short chuckle followed by a more genuine smile as her face relaxed. "I'm fine. Just thinking," and with that, her hands moved one of the cloths over the patient's wrist, thumbs, and along each finger before laying it down on the bed again. She turned to the other one, gave John a calculated look to see how interested he was, or even whether he was still listening. "Thinking about these hands, is all. Did you know she had nine children, but gave birth to eleven?" John approached, closer, to stand near the bed, watching the nurse but seeing the whole scene there at the bedside. "Husband died a few years back. They have over twenty grandchildren. Just thinking about all these hands have done in their lifetime is all." She was washing the left hand gently, reverently, and laid it back down then raised her brow to look at it. "That ring's certainly not coming off." John looked where she was indicating to see a thin-worn diamond solitaire and plain gold band next to it.
We had a few nurses resign. Some because "they didn't sign up for this." And others the way this chapter depicts, diagnosed positive, who resigned either right away or once they'd begun to recover. From the nurse's perspective, consider that most often, patients used to be someone to care for, who needed nursing support, who are now an actual, literal, bona fide
Others arrive, in similar fashion. There is the burst of memory and then the person appears. Sherlock greets peripheral family, neighbours, acquaintances. His landlady "not your housekeeper, dear" arrives one day with quite the fanfare. Her presence is somehow puzzling, though, as if there's a hole left behind. It is frustrating as it defies explanation, his quest for filling in the gap elusive, unfulfilled.
It wasn't until they were out of the building and half a block toward the tube station that Sherlock muttered to John, "Ignore that."
He took a gamble on a remote connection. "You mean, that first night there? At the window, watching the cabbie?" Of course he remembered the conversation, the 'while I'm flattered' statements and the 'fine' and the rest.
The cold-suffering Rosie was horrid longer than she should have been, and the cold hung on for entirely too many days especially for those trying to wait patiently for things to progress. Eye contact over morning coffee, over afternoon tea, seemed to do much to settle them both, a reminder that they were okay, that waiting was all right, that they were still moving forward. There was some rising stress, some expectations, as the roller coaster car clicked slowly up the first incline, that scary slow,
The toes on his calf wriggle slightly on their quest for the extra-warm spot behind John's knee and there the movement ceases. But only for a moment before there is some movement on the mattress and the air behind him, the space between them gets a little warmer as Sherlock moves close, closer.
Stay tuned. More medical in the horizon, of course. I should probably (forewarn and) apologise for where we *might* end up in the next chapter. *hangs head in shame* double-check, yes, remember, *happy endings tag is still there*
"Don't care," the man said, attitude abundant. "Unless you were planning on kissing me." He leaned forward, pressing far into John's personal space, but John didn't cower or otherwise back away. "But I don't think I'm actually your type."
"I'm sorry I didn't notice it last night. Obviously, I was ..." and he gestured from where he stood to his clothing, indicating he was close.
One of the physicians was standing nearby, had never met the nurse, knew the patient when he'd been critically ill. He took a cautious step into her path and she halted briefly, but then they moved at a much slower pace across the small lobby.
"Hold on a moment. I want to talk with him." The constables didn't let go of the bloke straight away, but gave Greg their full attention as he approached. The steely blue-gray eyes met his, solid, intense, a challenge. Greg’s gaze answered back, don’t mess with me, I see what you’re all about. A flicker of gratitude passed by, and Greg found affirmation in it. This was the
By this point, John has Rosie unbuckled and is holding her, trying to gauge her reactions. He slides into the chair by Sherlock's bed and Rosie is immediately scrambling off. And trying to climb determinedly onto Sherlock's bed, patting it and bouncing, clearly communicating that she wants to be UP! The smile Sherlock bestows on her is warm and sweet, and he reaches to assist her, with John's help, on climbing all the way up. She crawls toward his face, knee in the gut, the other knee too close for comfort on an even more sensitive area. Her hand reaches toward the oxygen tubing on his face. She has every intention of pulling it off and remains focused on that until John realises that he is losing the battle and sounds a retreat, pulling her back onto his own lap.
"None of that, now." Pressing back with his hands on Sherlock's ribs, John could feel the power dynamic, the energy between them. They both wanted this - Sherlock to let John take care of the encounter. In return, John would make him work, to make him earn it. To have complete and total control.
John opened one eye, closed it again. If Sherlock hadn't been studying him intently, he would have missed it, because neither occupant of the bed had moved much, John probably out of pain and nausea and Sameer because he was probably trying not to be noticed. He was absorbing as much radiant comfort as he could, being close to John. John's hand, with the IV infusing into the back of it, rested next to Sameer's shoulder and though they weren't touching, the presence and heat of another body was probably very reassuring.
John waited, thinking perhaps Sherlock had something important brewing, that he was wanting to say. What did Rosie have to do with this, exactly?
She and the respiratory therapist have obviously done this many times before, there is a choreographed dance going on. Suctioning, rote words by the staff probably spoken every shift, "Down the tube one last time, Mr. Holmes, gonna make you cough, sorry." This is followed by a flowmeter adjustment, and suddenly the room is loud with mist, a mixture of oxygen flowing through sterile water, creating the aerosol that will be easier and more soothing on Sherlock's mildly traumatised airways after the tube comes out. Dawn's hands are deftly moving, and the dance becomes synchronised as she removes the tape under the velcro tube holder, suctions Sherlock's mouth while the syringe in the respiratory therapist's hand deflates the cuff of the endotracheal tube, and she commands, "Big cough now!"
No one really noticed that John almost never initiated conversation, that he would respond with less and less animation. He'd pinned much of his life, his future, his career, his short and long term plans, on being Captain Watson, MD, Army Surgeon. Now that those credentials were altering on every front, he felt lost, adrift, and unsettled.
It is like falling, that tingling, frightening moment of time as the plunge off the cliff occurs, that potential energy of uncertainty, of no guarantees. Of the acrid scent of oxygen mixed with fluorane, the sedative of whatever intravenous cocktail he's been given, the complete and utter totality of surrendering control.
"Oh piss off. Yes you most certainly have." John gave a sharp look over at Rosie, who hadn't seemed to hear that one. This time anyway.
"Not bloody likely," John said as the man circled, predatory, his fingertip brushing across John's shoulder to jaw. "Put that out.
"Mountain, Mohammed. Mohammed, Mountain, right?" Dawn takes another visual tour of the monitor, of Sherlock, looks at John with a mirthful expression.
"She did. And it sounded like she wishes that they had handled things very differently." John squinted as he tried to remember the word. "She said she regretted what happened." When Sam'd had a few minutes, John glanced over at Sherlock before speaking to Sam again. "So you're all right with her coming for dinner tonight?"
First iteration: I got to the end of the chapter and was so sad. I totally wished John had not been alone at the close of the case, that someone had been there for him, and then I went ... duh, I can fix that and went back to write in making contact with and the appearance of Greg. I needed it, and so does John.
], mRNA design is not. It has been out for years, studied, researched, and in truth, it was absolutely divine providence that the technology was in place when this pandemic struck. It makes development, production, distribution, and effectiveness so much easier because of it. I understand that some people feel "I just can't risk it," and for some, that might be true on a personal level. But in no instance is it okay to take anyone's freedom of choice away. And because this is my blog, I refuse to let it be a debate that gets nasty. Truth and medical facts are really not up for that kind of argument. Discussion, of course. Know that when you attack and insult my readers like you did - really, Harr, what are you, thirteen again? - it is not okay. It's downright rude.
Helplessly, Sherlock glanced over at John, but before either could speak, she chortled with another thought.
There was a slight elevation in Mycroft's posture as he sat up the faintest amount straighter. "I'm in perfect health."
"We'll talk tomorrow, it's fine." Sherlock takes John's hand, brings it toward his face, nuzzles once, John's fingers looking solid and large in Sherlock's grip. He inhales a little bit, just savouring the scent and the presence. "I'm really ... just knackered."
"I am actually working again on what will be your day five, and yes, I'll be glad to go through it with you then." John offers this new nurse a mental high-five.
Sam's twelve year old, slightly wobbly voice came from the top of the stairs. "Papa?" The word was faintly tremulous and quiet, then followed by a faint moan.
This latest call from the police "come get him at the precinct" and he was stuck in a small waiting room while one of the officers went and brought Sherlock out to him to be taken home. He'd had to sign papers that detailed drug testing schedules and some sort of probation, where he needed to check in with an assigned officer periodically. He would be expected at that next meeting to detail a plan and to stay clean. There were dire consequences described but Mycroft didn't hang high hopes on any of them. They'd never had an impact before.
Efficiently, John lathers while leaning in best he can, though he is getting himself fairly well soaked too. There are a few times Sherlock moans his pleasure at the scalp massage, and the thrumming that reverberates through John's chest is thrilling, actually. Something he thinks he will like to repeat in the future perhaps. He rinses, then quickly lathers a flannel, rubs the soap across Sherlock's skin, all that isn't covered by the drenched gown and the part he's sitting on. Rinsing again, he re-lathers the flannel. "You do the rest. Be quick though. I'm not interested in getting any more wet than I already am."
"What if he doesn't understand me?" Molly was ready to go on with more concerns, and would have if John hadn't shushed her gently.
As expected, Sherlock's response was immediate. "Oh no." Sherlock was not the only one who disagreed with that idea.
"I'm going to dash out, grab your prescription. Back in maybe thirty minutes, tops." After a few moments, he added, "Do you want me to have Mrs. Hudson come up?"
"Oh, I suppose," Mrs. Hudson said with an exaggerated, low key sigh. She could feel her maternal heart just breaking at Sameer's behavior, his worry, at his young age, being so aware of money and the need to scrape by. She wondered how many nights they had gone to bed hungry, and an idea struck her. Raising her head, she said with a loud exhale, "I'm rather partial to lamb, but if you really insist..." She kept half an eye on him, considering how much to push, definitely not wanting him to take her comment the wrong way. "Haven't had lamb in so long," she whispered, knowing she was playing him and considering - not for the first time - that for all she put up with from John and Sherlock, that this was perfectly all right.
John opens his mouth but before he can get even the first sound of the opening word's consonant out, Sherlock holds up a hand. "Don't." Another purse of John's lip is silenced by Sherlock's harsh answer to the unasked question, "Yes." John meets his reluctant, if somewhat embarrassed gaze.
John halts him with an outstretched palm. "Hold on. It's ... fantastic. You don't have to sell it to me." One of Sherlock's eyebrows raise. "No, really. Show me around, let's see it."
The scene opens with Baker Street, where they have just arrived after Sherlock's convoluted and stressful hospitalisation. He had just enough energy to get to his chair.
"Thanks. For your department, too." They stepped back out of the way as a young family rushed inside and sought immediate assistance from the clerk. "So, he's still here?"
Mycroft's smile softened a little, knowing that indeed this position was far beneath his brother. "It is a connection. A means to what might be something, eventually, you will benefit from. And more, a means to prove yourself capable of analytical investigation." Trading out his shoes for posh leather slippers, Mycroft proceeded to the kitchen, poured himself a seltzer, and heated up the dinner plate that the housekeeper had assembled. "I didn't expect you to be particularly grateful. But one day you will thank me for it."
Ella leaned forward. "Are you a little jealous of him?" Sharply, John looked up at her, a little alarmed, a little confused. "That his struggles are over?"
Usual request, please let me know if something is unclear. I would actually like to work on this chapter more, but I'm afraid any longer will be over-editing and muddy the waters.  Questions, too, are always appreciated.
"Umm, well, they'll do the best they can." He approached, a finger rubbing contemplatively on his jaw as he considered Sherlock's injury, the dire consequence of waiting too long, and he steeled himself, stood up tall, spoke with more confidence than he probably had a right to. "But here's the plan, and you're going to be fine."
is securely in place, the comfortable cut and size again looking ... right. Acceptable. Complete. "Oh, I'm glad to see that."
A hmmm rumbled in his throat and he tilted his head just a little as if considering. "And retiring to one of my family estates. And raising chinchillas."
“And Mrs. Hudson is away.” John chuckled at Sherlock's protectiveness. "Here you go. The kids'll take care of her." Reluctantly, Mycroft huffed. "Sam, can you take the leash, make sure she gets settled?"
The light was coming stronger from a different direction when he managed to open his eyes next, and he blinked clarity into some dingy windows, dirty lino, the same deserted empty room. His shoes had done a runner. The mobile, a burner pre-paid deal he'd managed to acquire, was also missing. And the remainder of whatever else had been in his pockets.
It had been Dari then, but the language didn't matter, the message was still the same. Sameer had heard it from one of the village medicine men when his mother had taken a turn for the worse. He heard it again when she got sicker, taken to the hospital. And again when they tried to explain that she'd died. They'd held his arm at first, preventing him from going to her, from seeing her. "She won't be coming home," they'd said. "I'm sorry." When he'd been finally taken to her side, he knew at first glance that he was alone. "I'm sorry," they'd said again.
I hope this has made sense. I don't usually jump into an email and kind of plead my case, Harry, but I did want to respond.
"Not especially. Safe enough I guess." There was some hesitation. "So I would suspect that you've had some sort of trauma of your own and are doing this out of ..." John could hear the pressured speech, the clear diction, and the wobble in his voice. "Is this community service for you? You committed some crime and now you have to listen to whining people call and cry about ..."
The leading tone of his statement seemed to imply that he was afraid of something else, though, and Sherlock didn't miss the opportunity. "Well, if not that, what are you afraid of?"
"Are you okay? Hey!?" John spoke, touching only the top of his shoulder as he lay prostrate on the floor, branches and wood and shredded curtains - and the darkened room - making it hard to really see much.
"Physician, yes I know. But discharge after a procedure still requires a little bit of monitoring here, hence the heart monitor and such." She gestured to it, took in the stable vital signs. "And most important, you'll start that dose of the new blood thinner, be observed overnight. I'll send you off in the morning with that prescription. Stroke risk reduction, remember?" Sherlock made an impatient gesture, as if to spur her to continue. "Have you eaten anything yet?"
John is not wrong in his assumption, and Sherlock catches sight of him, immediately letting the words fly. "Let's go, John. This is ridiculous. You can certainly just ..."
"We're home now, anyway. And Mrs. Hudson had a meal for us, packed up and waiting on the stairs." He crossed to the micro, set the dish inside, the buttons beeping loudly.
"No, I'd imagine not." John agreed with her, then added in a low, unrushed tone, "Nor should it." Eye contact was exchanged, one of quietness, of appreciation.
"Continues until they start. Sometimes they reverse it, then rebolus at the end of the procedure, depending on his labwork." She looks him in the eye, and there is some support just in the confidence, the acknowledgement that this is hard. "Emotional roller coaster for him. You too."
Dr. Nguyen steps in then, "Yes, and as a result of that, there was another clot that went to another artery in your arm, and we ended up finding what's called a patent foramen ovale. A PFO." She explains the basics of what it is, how prevalent it is, and that because of the little scare he'd given them overnight, that there was now some urgency in closing it. She makes sure that John is agreeing, that Sherlock is at least somewhat processing. "We got lucky this time, and waiting any longer is unacceptable. It's not worth the risk." Her smile is kind as she makes sure that they know she is sympathetic to his situation. "I know it's a lot. This combination of problems, truly, it's overwhelming. But I seem to remember that first night, when you were having such trouble breathing, you were concerned about being left with any kind of deficit. So that's what we're helping to assure: that you're as protected as possible. That we prevent anything else from occurring."
John wasn't sure how to respond to that. Most of him wanted to rail at the unfairness of the situation and hug Sameer right there in the store. "I'm so sorry." He settled for kneeling, taking Sameer's hand, and speaking slowly, "I know you miss her." He could see the moment his son seemed to move back into all right territory. "I wish I could have helped you take care of her when she wasn't feeling well. We definitely would have bought her another pair of shoes." John wanted to say 'bloody shoes' but knew it wouldn't make either of them feel better. Sameer nodded, the faintly sweet crooked smile that he seemed to have picked up from Sherlock somehow. "You know," John said, looking back at the racks of boxes, "I'll bet she had a favourite colour. Maybe we could choose that for your new football boots?"
John frowned, the days flying and dragging at the same time. "Next ...?" The actual day escaped him. "Next week. Tuesday. Yeah."
Sherlock waves at him with a frustrated hand. "It's all over you. Your frowning and your stretching and your trying to get your neck to relax, tilting your head. It's hateful. Perpetually." Sherlock is on a tear. "You might as well have spoken it out loud, because that's all I see when I look at you, your discomfort." John holds up a hand, wanting to explain, or apologise, or even distract, but Sherlock barely needs a second to catch his breath before unleashing more fussing. "I didn't ask you to stay last night. I didn't ask you to bring in a snack, or your measly presence, or your bloody laptop, that stupid movie ..."
Feedback greatly appreciated if you're inclined. Please let me know if something is unclear. Thanks EVER SO MUCH for following along. Today is Thanksgiving Day in the US. I am grateful ;-)
It isn't always John Watson who has an eye for those details. Mrs. Hudson, bless her warm little heart, has her own ideas about something Sameer does -
A few hours go by, and his dreamless sleep is briskly, explosively interrupted as he is instantly awakened from his slumber by the ringing of his mobile.
"Actually, yes, that makes sense on one level, except that every study indicates that intubation and mechanical ventilation in the setting of massive pulmonary embolism increases mortality rate."
"And we have to try to wean you off the oxygen. Or arrange for some at home, maybe just at night while you're sleeping." He dims the light in the room, hoping that less stimulation will help Sherlock rest, pass the time. "Good choice, by the way." The kidding, the fussing is over, and John's tone is serious.
The box had sat there for a few days, and if anyone noticed that a few photos mysteriously went missing from it, no one said anything.
Until one patient came in, no differently than any of the others, and slid into the seat at his station. Between patients, John's routine varied not at all: bin the trash, hand sanitise, open a new patient record, assure alcohol wipe and plaster were set.
"Yes. Exactly. Maybe you should go blow your nose again, hurry things along." John prickled back at him with a squeeze, making sure he knew that John was teasing. "It's the nature of medicine. It's not exactly true that the cure seems worse than the disease. Not in this case ..."
It was Christmas Day, and Rosie had sounded her wake-up call while it was still dark outside, rousing the house. The adults staggered toward the kitchen and the tea-kettle and insisted that they be given a few more minutes of peace. It was not dark any longer, the morning passing with excitement and newness as Sameer experienced his first Christmas in London.
It only takes John a moment to realise at least one possibility as to why he'd made the face, the mild grimace, and he has an idea. "I'll give you a moment, then. Back in a tick."
"Oolong." Came the words, calmly floating along behind John as he did actually move to the kitchen. "Two sugars." Even with his back turned, John could hear the smile in the words.
"Clearly," John mutters, drily. "Go to bed, then, if you want. I'll be along." He figures that Sherlock might need a few moments on his own, that even though he denies it, he might be restless. "Want help?"
"And swear less than I do," John added, and Sherlock could do nothing but nod, his eyes rolling at the improbability of that monumental task.
This chapter ended up long - and I had every intention of getting them home to Baker Street by the end.  And then ... a little plot happened and the chapter count went up again.  As usual, if something isn't clear, please let me know.  I edited this chapter perhaps more than I should have.
After the applause and the man takes his seat, John addresses the room with a smile. "I'm supposed to end the program, but find I'm not quite finished. Greg? If you would, please. I have something for you."
John hadn't been in any shape to help him work out what to tell Rosie, to tell Sameer, how much to reveal, what specifics to withhold. Mrs. Hudson, though, was another story; he was good at lying to her, but the kids, well, ... perhaps not the best plan of action.
"Charcoal grey," John offered. "It suits you. I like it." With those words spoken, he slowly raised the blanket to Sherlock's neck, let it rest against him and get used to the sensation, the way it clung to him and hugged him close.
John tries to feel one last connection to the grave, the marker, but it eludes him. The exhale has a hitch to it as his emotion threatens to spill over.
"Yes." John realises after he says it that perhaps he should clarify the answer then determines that the technicality doesn't really matter.
"Ready for a turn?" one of the technicians asks. John considers this perky young staff member and Sherlock's voice, in his head, mutters,
"Thank you. Well done," the nurse finally adds, though there is a bit of tremble (from laughter suppressed) in her voice, and when he hears it, he glares hard.
"I don't want to do this." The repeated words were low, audible only to John, and laced with some raw pain.
In John's peripheral vision, he is acutely aware of the ventilator tucked in the corner. It is somewhere between reassuring and threatening in its proximity.
Watched a nurse once help a dying patient with the phone, saying (more like listening to) goodbye with family members, then helping her work through the agitated restlessness of hypoxaemia, ultimately holding her hand and talking to her as heart rate dropped, respiratory rate grow shallower, pulse oximetry at a non-survivable fifties to actually having a pleth down into the single digits. [side note, that is just ... crazy. never saw that before Covid, hope to never see it again]
All three of them exchanged faint grins, conspirators, the lot of them. And they wouldn't have it any other way.
Vaccination won't fix everything right away. But it will allow resources to be distributed much more fairly, based on need rather than availability.
"Security called. You have a son Sameer?" John nodded, but just barely, and it was followed by a throaty protest. "Sameer is here. They're bringing him up."
The higher energy fussing is gone, and John turns up the temperature in the room and manages to tuck an extremely exhausted patient into the bed. He barely moves as John adjusts the bed height, blankets, connecting the monitor and other equipment again, and tucking the final dry towel over Sherlock's pillow to catch the remaining moisture out of his hair. One of the techs comes in to check on them, and she has brought another warmed blanket. Sherlock makes that faint rumble in his chest again, the one of satisfaction, a purr of contentment.
Sherlock's gears clicked into place, his mind finally putting all of it together. "No, you're staying, along with Sam and Molly. Papa and I are not."
"Yes?" John's words are charged, both of them realising that, although Sherlock had wanted to take care of the medications completely on his own, he's forgotten the second dose of the only one that is twice daily. "I realised, brought them in with me." John reaches into his shirt pocket, where he has put the pill container, and hands it over. There is already a water bottle on the nightstand. "Maybe we should keep them in ..."
"I suppose," he said, watching Sherlock hand over some money. "Have fun and --" his words trailed off as Sameer had already scampered away, down the steps and he was gone.
John can't stop the impulse, the impetus, any more than he can stop himself from breathing. Or any more than he could have willed away the physical condition, the treatments, the recovery, the prolonged hospitalisation. Brushing his fringe back into the usual style, the direction and lift how Sherlock prefers it, he kisses his forehead. It is unrushed, a promise. There is no apology, no hesitation.
And like this patient whom the nurse had shared, John would be glad to know they were out of the building, grateful for the recovery, such that it had been, and hopeful that long-term and lingering side effects would be minimal.
at the hospital, with the beer." And the blanket over them both. And the careful intimacy, John in the recliner by Sherlock's bed, their cautious hand-holding and the impossible to ignore chemistry.
An eye narrowed, the muscles and the shape of his lower jaw changed, clenched, aggravated. Sherlock did, however, keep quiet, and after a moment each of them seething at each other, he made an impatient gesture, accompanied by an eye-roll, a
"Covid 19. Nineteen pounds. You know, like the weight gain people get, like the Freshman Ten at university?" He chuckled, apparently mostly to himself. "Oh come on, it's clever."
"I know." John arranged a couple of throw pillows under Sherlock's head best he could, and checked - again - the quality of the distal pulse, both posterior tibial and dorsalis pedis. "So far, so good." He pressed down just a little at the spot where the puncture had been, finding no further bleeding, settled the ice back in place. "So this is your brother's house?"
There was a faint smell of cigarette smoke. Fresh, not stale. Or so it seemed. Perhaps, the owner had been here more recently than records indicated. Or perhaps the ventilation was just not too active. Shrugging, he continued his perimeter check, found nothing awry, and set up shoppe - for studying, and eventually, for sleeping - in what must've been a servants wing off the back entry of the rear of the sprawling domicile.
He heard snippets of conversations - verbalising fear, about dreams and nightmares, about insomnia. Wanting to know what fresh hell we were living in and working in. John watched, carefully, considering timing and relevance. Of when to intervene, when the time was right. There in the ICU, he knew his role - calm, supportive, encouraging, factual - to smile, nod, make all the right statements without being patronising. 'We'll get through this. We're all doing the best we know to do. You're doing a great job.' It was often a variant of, 'we're not doing this alone.'
John realises that this is probably the first womanly hug for the boy since his mum. For Sameer, it probably feels like a lifetime ago and in some ways of course it is. Though John has certainly held, hugged, touched, and cared for Sameer, showing it physically as any parent does, he had recognised that it is quite different, that maternal softness, the gentleness of a woman holding him. The reminders. And now watching, he can see that Sameer couldn't have expressed it, but that he'd been missing it. Desperately.
The RL version of these events had the patient recording us playing the song for him, for his son. "He'll never believe this - you guys are too much."
"It matters too much," John ventured, his voice a little gravelly and careful, "that we can't rush. Not for you, and not for Rosie."
"Oh for god's sake," John muttered, taking a closer view of his face as he brushed some of the debris back in order to see clearly. "What hurts?"
"Before you do that, though," Kathy says, her voice and her smile becoming very serious, and she leans against the counter in the room, "we should talk about what we're going to do next. Just as soon as I can make arrangements." Rob watches her from the foot of the bed, John from the opposite side of the bed standing close to Sherlock, and they are listening intently. "Because this, what just happened, or just almost happened, changes things."
Rolling slightly onto his back, he stretches, pushing his feet down into the crevice at the end of the bed, his hands up under the pillow. It is a marvelous feeling to wake up slowly, and he takes a few minutes before deciding he should go see what Sherlock is up to this morning.
"Sherlock?" he whispered lightly, low. The word was met only by a continuation of what was already there - sedate but breathing, laying, sleeping. Under his fingers, Sherlock's hand grew warmer, shared heat through their skin. Deftly, John slid his fingers toward the radial pulse, feeling the throb, the thrumming right where it should be. He shifted again in the chair, not looking to let go of Sherlock's hand.
The tugging on his heartstrings as he considered what this woman could give, what she routinely gave to Rosie, was poignant as he could see all of Sameer's pain, his sadness, his desire, clear on his face. It was short-lived, and they began the journey home as usual, the three of them talking, making plans, exploring along the way. Although John was glad that Sameer wasn't upset, he did notice a few times on the journey home that he seemed quieter than usual. A few times John caught him playing idly with the necklace, the sun and moon pendant that he kept on a chain around his neck. It had belonged to his mother Laila.
"I suppose," Greg said with a peek at John, who shrugged in agreement. They left the room, with Greg commenting fondly, animatedly, on her latest choice of young adult backpack, something Harry Potter that sparkled and made noise if you pressed the right area of the wand. The door closed behind them.
The frozen moment hovers, the 'could-have' 'should-haves' morphing to water under the bridge. What used to be
The glaring death ray he pins on John is met with a small chuckle despite the fact that John knows it is unhelpful. If he didn't think it would get him slugged, he would like to put Sherlock in a playfully loose chokehold and ruffle his curls just to rile him up a little more.
“Wanna bet?” John growls, reaching out for him and grabbing nothing but air. Sherlock bounces easy circles around him in the water. “I will get you for this. Mark my words. In here or out there, either way, you’re in big trouble. This is
“Idiots,” Sherlock agreed, a smug grin on his face as he pulled out his phone. “They really thought they had us. You’d think the criminal classes would have learnt to stop underestimating us by now.”
Sherlock makes a pleased sound in his throat and straightens up. He enters the kitchen, a dog-eared passport twirling between his fingers. “Who knows what goes on in the minds of most police detectives, John. Very little, I imagine. That's why we do this.”
“I’ll tell you soon. Rest now, Sherlock. I don’t want you pushing yourself too hard. You still have a surgery to get through.”
He was right, of course, but Sherlock wasn’t about to admit that he’d severely underestimated John’s abilities. He made a mental note to watch him more carefully from now on; apparently, John was much smarter than he looked. He’d done exactly the same thing Sherlock had tried before, mimicking someone else’s technique. Maybe being around Sherlock so much was rubbing off on him?
Before John could prepare himself for it, Sherlock’s tongue flicked out to lick a broad, hot stripe from root to tip. It painted the underside of his cock in saliva that warmed beneath his breath. John threw his head back and gripped the sheets, his moan unexpectedly loud in the room. He gave a brief thought to whether Mrs Hudson was home, but Sherlock didn’t give him time to properly process it before he did it again, his tongue shimmying on its way up, applying extra pressure at his frenulum and sending sparks of pleasure shooting up his spine.
Sherlock feels his eyes widen in disbelief. “Where the hell do you think we are?” he asks. “For one, do you imagine the reception is particularly good out here? On a T-Mobile network?”
He can’t believe Sherlock would do that— just let him swim on, completely oblivious. Couldn’t he put himself in John’s shoes for one second and realise what his life would have been like, if he’d made it back to shore only to discover he’d left his best friend behind? At the same time, John should have expected it. Sherlock is nothing if not ruthlessly logical in his reasoning. He’d worked out that John had the best chance of survival without him, but he didn’t stop to consider whether surviving under those conditions would even be worth it to John.
Sherlock had, of course, anticipated some level of surprise on John’s part. Sex and sexuality was something neither of them had ever really talked about before. John’s proclivities in that regard were obvious enough, even if one were to disregard the string of weekend girlfriends and one-night-stands trailing behind him. As for what John thought about Sherlock’s preferences… he truly had no idea.
Sherlock laid his hand reassuringly on John’s thigh, glancing over occasionally with a gleam in his eyes as John leisurely played with himself. There was something in those looks that John couldn’t quite read, and while they weren’t exactly off-putting, he couldn’t shake the feeling that Sherlock was anticipating something.
"I think the cane is distinguished looking." Sherlock glared at it, then turned to his mobile. "Not to mention safer until your leg is stronger."
Sherlock steps back just a little again, although both men are loathe to completely let go. Sherlock is wearing, John realises, his Belstaff, the deep purple shirt, and his favourite Italian leather shoes. He glances down at his own attire - cream fisherman's jumper, denims, trainers. The fresh air is familiar, their cottage garden theirs but somehow different, better, perfect. The lavender they'd tried but never managed to grow is not only blooming, but flourishing, and exactly how he'd imagined it. New chairs, cushions, small mosaic tables. Perfect flowers, no weeds, the ancient stone wall interlocking and solid. Their fingers squeeze in happy togetherness. "You ready to say hello to some of the others?"
"I can, and I will. Starting with stress and my traumatised childhood. Being a genius in a family of idiots. Years of his being a prat. His fault. And his unreasonable --"
The physician smiles a bit placatingly and John's unease escalates at that. "I have no control over another surgeon's ..."
Although she mostly was able to resist the urge, knowing that she didn't want to make the boy uncomfortable, she could no longer stop herself. Gathering him into her arms, she allowed herself a few minutes to revel in the hug that he not only allowed but returned. Her lips pressed a sweet, grandmotherly kiss on his hair before letting him go.
..." and he left the details out, thinking he could answer any number of reasons, "... because obviously you don't want to, given that you called me to talk you out of it."
Gentler, he continued, patiently, "How about, you know, since we're already here, we have a look." With a great deal of assertiveness and assured self-awareness, he gestured toward Sherlock, waiting for some sort of acknowledgement. "Because, just being honest, if this is your usual state of health," and he used air quotes on that last word, "you should probably get checked out by your own primary physician. Soon."
"Let me know." Sherlock nuzzled at Sam's head as he held the door for them to cross through. "Be well. See you soon."
"Yes, and it sounds a little ... I dunno, barmy now, but she said it was amazing. That it lowered the stress levels, gave everyone a very nice break." Her chuckle was a little incredulous too. "Sounds like they ...
A few days later, the cab drops them off at the small Holmes family cottage that has just been retitled into their names.
The morning had been cool, overcast, a beautiful day that beckoned them to spend it outdoors. A quick trip for picnic lunch supplies, a trek across a few tube stops, an out-of-the-way park with lots of paths, trails, trees, grass, open areas, benches, and a small playground to entertain them all if they tired of other activities. John had thrown some bubbles, a frisbee, a blanket into a small backpack while Sherlock had carried lunch - complaining about the difference in weight from time to time, until Sameer had apparently grown tired of hearing it and took the pack to put it on his own shoulders.
This time, though, it is not an emergency. There is no air raid siren, no urgent call to the medical building, no screaming toddler, no piercing call that Rosie has had a (thankfully rare) nightmare. There is no call of his body - loo, food, leg cramp. No outdoor summons of emergency services, no kerbside noise of an auto accident or the annoyed horn blaring of some other impatient sod, and no building catastrophe of squealing pipes or no heat or structural problem. There is no Greg Lestrade pounding on the door with a fist trying to locate or enlist or recruit Sherlock for duty. No alarms that something happened to Sherlock, either. There are no tingles that something is wrong, that intrinsic radar or activated intuition.
"I'm looking for the bloke who managed to put a couple of retail merchandise thieves in jail. Some photos, careful detail, and heads up reporting apparently solved the crime without the thugs even knowing who put them away." Greg simply blinked, kept his mouth shut, and waited. The man opened his wallet, flashed a Detective Inspector badge, from New Scotland Yard, and then asked, "You wouldn't happen to know anything about that now, would you?"
The relief at Sherlock's reassurance led to a pleasant warmth in John's chest. "Okay." He secured a couple of necessities, phone charger, his own pillow, and the book from upstairs that he hadn't touched since before all Sherlock's afib adventures began, and he was just sliding into what he considered his side of the bed, to wait for Sherlock to join him, when his attention was drawn up short.
"You going to make me leave? Med school student with excellent grades, considering a stint in the military to pay off your education, rugby captain such as yourself, you're not actually cruel enough to send anyone out in this weather."
"Visiting hours are long over, you know." The other guard, still seated, added, "It's very late." Gesturing to the doors that Sameer had entered from, he asked, "Is your mum here, waiting for you?"
She squeezes her fingers lightly in the security of his hold, their working hands a little dry, a little calloused, but she is so fond of these hands, these warm hands of his, with which she has such a history -
"So you're sure?" John had walked with Sameer down to one of the little cafes a few blocks over, where they'd ordered tea (one very light and sweet, the other hot and black). John had picked up a peach pastry to share, and Sameer was carefully uncoiling it, the layers falling apart in buttery, flaky goodness. "About the name you want to use."
The curtain opens and another provider enters. It is a tiny, petite little woman with bright eyes and a pony tail. She glances quickly at Rob, the monitor, the patient, the oxygen, at John, and then back to Sherlock. She settles there as she studies him intently, and moves close, within his line of vision. "Mr. Holmes, I'm Dr. Nguyen. I’m the intensivist on tonight." She has taken one of his hands and is staring down at him, close, addressing him directly. "You're in the ICU now." She watches while Rob pulls aside the blankets again to look at the groin site where there is a catheter and medication infusing. "You have to keep this leg entirely straight, okay? We'll help you. But that's your only job. That and breathing."
"Sorry, I know I'm holding tight." Sherlock, still trembling, is laying almost flat on the bed while John leans hard, pressing over the former groin puncture site that has begun to expand. "The coughing and the blood thinners," he begins.
Arms wrapped around him and John startled just a little as Sherlock pulled him in a little closer, settling next to him on the sofa. John had been uncharacteristically unaware that Sherlock was even moving, let alone joining him. "You don't have to. You didn't have to the first time."
Leaving his PA and his driver kerbside, Mycroft sighed as he set foot inside one of the places he knew Sherlock slept from time to time. At his arrival, the few people that had been in the building had quickly scattered out the back doors in alarm. Much of the detritus was meager belongings - clothing, a few books, random bedding, and stashes of food. He recognised only one thing as belonging to his brother, a long, threadbare coat that was missing buttons. The lining was torn, there were stains, and it was many years out of date.
" ... Rob asked me to call ... didn't wake up well ... a little more confused ... not moving his right side for a little bit ... speech was pretty slurred ... taken him downstairs ... CAT scan and possibly CTA ... " John is holding his breath, hearing his heart pounding in his ears, waiting for more words, more of an update, definitely not wanting to miss anything nor to interrupt or speak over the information he doesn't have. "Rob wanted me to let you know."
His heart rate is high, very high, narrow complex, and regular. All of the readings are abnormal - too high, too low, too fast. His oxygen level is low, high respiratory rate, very low blood pressure. He watches one of the nurses label some IV pumps and tubings, heparin, alteplase, fluids, and the blood that had been started in the other department is still dripping in at a good clip, with the bag maybe halfway done.
Briefly, Mr. Watson's position will be that of PA and companion for that of my brother W. Sherlock, who as you are aware suffered extensive injuries requiring surgery a few days previous. The length of his tenure in that role will be largely determined by both Mr. Watson and Mr. S. Holmes and will depend on progression of their working relationship and, as you are also quite aware, Mr. Watson's resilience in the face of my brother's difficult and challenging temperament. This may or may not include the relocation of them both into one of the suitable flats I am considering; one of these is located on Baker Street. The present homeowner and landlady is tied up in some shady dealings with her soon-to-be ex-husband, the situation of which I am monitoring quite closely. I do not see this as an unsurmountable obstacle to the availability of this particular flatshare at 221b.
They'd dialed a mobile, held it, a rooftop conversation. They'd tossed the mobile aside, connections severed.
It wasn't limited to John. To be certain, Mycroft, Greg and any or all who worked at the Met, anyone in earshot, actually any criminal in London, even Mrs. Hudson was fair game if Sherlock was able to ... discover something. And heaven help the audience when the madman decided to inappropriately disclose it. Financial, behavioral, affairs, kinks, habits, illegal substances, relationship indiscretions, criminal, or just something embarrassing and personal - it was all fair game.
With a heavy sigh, John thought he'd overstayed his welcome, that getting out of bed was imperative, but before he could move, Sherlock cleared his throat. "Wait. No."
"Not hungry," he mumbles at John's question which is voiced without words, a simple raise of his brow.
The nurse, one John hadn't met before today, returns quickly, through the doors which close behind her, stands at his knee. "You okay?"
He pushes back, already noting the ease of breathing, the sense of rightness. The disorientation, his equilibrium, restored and normal again.
Sherlock thumbs through the small pile of mail, extracts an envelope, and flicks it closer to John with a bit of a dramatic flair. "Stop worrying. It's a good thing."
John considers doing as requested, briefly, but chooses instead to perch lightly on the edge of the chair in the corner of the room. He sees and senses that Rob is back, another nurse, change of shift, and they do a bedside hand-off, the same neuro assessment that's been performed.
The rest of the walk to the gathering place was uneventful, and John reassured himself that the evening was going to be quite nice all around.
hypoxaemia, oxygen dependent status post pulmonary embolism with complications - long term; discharged on oxygen therapy as described.
"Well, actually there are some things you can control. Is now a bad time to mention that you have smoked your last cigarette ever?"
Sherlock finally took a deep breath and said, more amused than he probably should have been, "I'm pretty certain that it will go easier for you if you start talking, don't you think?" His delivery was casual enough, and John looked between them, still waiting.
"You're saying, what, exactly?" Molly had heard, had listened, had already asked a few questions. And still needed clarification. "I just would never want to overstep, or do something wrong."
His slow blink, his nod, let her know that she is heard, but overall Sherlock deflects. And they both know it, as he abruptly changes the subject. "Your presence here, quite appropriate. It's somehow fitting that no one else in this room has the slightest inclination of how hard you worked and how crucial your role was to their good mental health." Molly tries to keep the surprise from her face, thinks about shushing him, but he is discreetly hushed. "Of course he told me. Well, I deduced most of it, naturally. But I think you know I can keep a secret."
Sherlock's eyes open, one narrows at his hair jibe. "Did you bring that little basin home? I could do my teeth right here." John knows the little kidney shaped basin is somewhere but he is not about to concede the battle.
John recognised her immediately, one of the nurses he'd worked alongside the past few months, scrambled for her name. "Oh, yeah. Hello Carrie."
John glances over, sees Sherlock taking in the man's personal coat, his bag next to the shelves. There are a few family photos on the desk, some memorabilia, and John knows, he can just tell, that Sherlock is in full stop deductive mode, making a connection of some sort between the state of his shoes and some other random detail, and ready to exploit it. He holds out a hand toward Sherlock, slowly, palm down, hoping to convey some degree of patience. "Not yet," he whispers to Sherlock, then turns back to the doctor. "I'm sure you'll be able to help us."
"Oh yeah," John breathed, his voice almost a whisper. "Two kids and two rabbits all accounted for. Three of the four were sleeping."
John glanced up from the book he was reading as the faint waft of smoke shifted in his direction, the wood in the mossy stone firepit not
Each call from a blocked number, John found himself wondering if it was him, but so far it had been other people with other needs.
The door eventually creaks open and the men set down their bags, then proceed to the back of the cottage where a courtyard - overgrown that it may be - beckons. John is inexorably drawn to the old stone fence, a little crumbling, but finds several nests, tracks, old trees, and climbing vines to look at. He has enjoyed the front, the view of the dwelling, and the interior, but this? This back yard haven, he feels an instant connection to and positively adores it. The charm and knowledge that it was once very well cared for is obvious, and the thought of restoring it excites them both.  "Wow," he finally breathes as Sherlock stands behind him, close enough that they can lean together. "I love it here," John says.
He didn't disagree, so John fetched it from the loo cabinet, and held it out toward Sherlock. For a moment, Sherlock just stared, then offered out his leg in John's general direction, the request for John to apply it obvious. There was just a little bit of challenge, a little bit of heat, a little bit of ... desire in the gaze.
Interrupting, a bit chagrined, "I'm here to help you and to listen," John clarified quickly, half-way agreeing that perhaps he shouldn't have said that. "I apologise if ..."
"You may as well just move back in." The utterance is planned, quick, very deliberate, and Sherlock stands with his hands in his pockets, uncertain.
"Deep calls to deep in the roar of your waterfalls; all your waves and breakers have swept over me."  Ps 42:7
Memories of the weekend were private and intimate. Their two-night stay, their break, had been a cozy little place where they'd taken time for just each other. They'd found a secluded garden terrace in back of the house. They lounged around, reconnected, uttered the occasional curse word without needing to cover it up or immediately apologise or explain to the children - again - about appropriate language. They shared their thoughts and their bodies.
It was on the tip of his tongue to mention that he had in fact done several amputations, all in the OR theatre of course, but thought that would not be well received. "Look, I get it. This is ... really the last thing I'd rather do. Not here, not like this. Not at all, truthfully. But faced with this decision, it's the best option."
Another milestone was addressing one of the reasons that explained - or partially explained - Sherlock's appetite problems.
"Deleterious." There was a pause. "Nothing would be any different at another medical facility, and the stress of ... well, you understand." Too critical to move. Mycroft understood. Had they waited too long?
"That's ..." Grumbling persisted but moments later, Sherlock was indeed appropriately un-garbed, tucked under a sheet, his IV clipped to the pole at the head of the stretcher, and the nurse tucked his paper chart at the foot of the bed.
Mrs. Hudson had kindly, as her gift to them, sent them off with their dinner. She'd outdone herself, however, in the meal accompaniments:  buttercup print paper napkins, tiny plastic swords that speared assorted fruit, a few other Princess Bride chatchki, matching slippers for them all, and assorted microwaveable popcorn flavours. As the self-appointed distributor, Rosie chose movie theatre butter, handed the kettle corn variety to John, and the reduced calorie low sodium version to Sherlock.
"There isn't one." John's words cut into the room, although they were quiet. "And even if there were,
He makes a gesture of surrender. "Oh, that, yes, of course. But I meant them without needing to say them in front of a stranger."
He’d just considered that when the rain stopped he would check outside for downed limbs or such, and thought perhaps candles would be wise, for lighting before he exhausted his mobile battery. Candles, he found in the cabinet in the dining room, but matches seemed non-existent. Returning to the kitchen, he misjudged the chair that he’d pulled back from the table, stumbled briefly and cursed as he tripped, dropped his mobile. Although he recovered instantly, his mobile did not, once again proving that an object in motion tended to stay in motion. The mobile made a thunking sound as it landed, the light going out immediately.
"I am required to check my own temp twice a day. There was no fever a few hours ago. I would know it." As with any healthcare provider caring for COVID 19 patients, John was indeed monitoring for symptoms and screened each time he arrived at the hospital. He particularly liked the question about coming in contact with patients diagnosed with the virus. There were secure emails sent whenever a patient tested positive, to all providers of care. It was yet another sobering thing that had been added to their to-do list, that they had to sign in when entering a room.
A few additional adjustments of John's pillow, the head of the bed, and inspection of the IV and monitoring equipment, and the nurse pressed the call bell into John's free hand. "If you need. I'll come round again shortly."
"You are on a crash course for disaster, if you don't get a handle on this ... recklessness. This dabbling in substances that can leave you with serious repercussions." He spoke a few more minutes, sternly.
"I understand that tomorrow is the big day." Mycroft shakes his head no when John gestures at the chair, and John eases into it himself. Very few things should ever interrupt hot tea, morning caffeine, and he isn't about to wait longer than absolutely necessary. The first sip is warm and spreads through his chest, his arms, soothing and satisfying. Mycroft shuffles faintly on the balls of his feet, watching Sherlock do the same to his tea but not with the same reverence that John shows.
For a moment, Sherlock's pale and somewhat distressed eyes bored into John's as if he didn't believe him.
"End of discussion." A brow raised, and for all her youth, she assumed something of a formidable presence as she glared at him.
"I think so, yes. It doesn't feel like before." The furrow between his brows deepened. "Never mind. I'm fine. Go to bed, John."
"I understand," John responds. Sherlock is in a very gray area - since improvement is expected, holding off makes sense for now. But it is a gamble, an educated, intentional gamble, waiting. For John, the stakes have never been higher. "I'll be right along, then."
"It's recommended that the filter be removed four to six months after it's placed. The complication rate at that time begins to rise, and leaving it in puts you at higher risk later in life for --"
Sherlock's long legs continued down the street, his formal-wear a lovely sight as he tugged at his collar, smoothing his bowtie, adjusting the sleeve so it broke nicely over his watch. One sidelong glance was all it took, and he groaned. "Not one word."
John hung up the landline and called down to the A&E to give the doc in charge a heads up. When he'd finished that, the mobile connection in his hand was gone. Something else down the hallway then summoned John's presence and attention, the distraction a welcome fear-reducing few moments.
For a few moments, some adjustments are made - John's knee, Sherlock's thigh, several shoulders, and finally John tugs the pillow down so that he is resting more over that than Sherlock's clavicle. "Mmmm. Nice."
The tea, along with the remnants of danish crumbs, was soon gone, and eventually John stood up, held out a hand to Sam. "How about, hey Sam, let's go home."
Sherlock forgives, his arms softening, his hand splaying, offering comfort and acknowledgement in the tenderness of his hold, to which John clings. "Me too."
"It's largely due to you. I can't even begin to say how much I appreciate --" He hears the tremble in his voice, clears his throat, finishes with "-- all of this." Tipping his head in her direction and hearing her tactful, gentle acknowledgement, he gathers his things, showers, and lays in bed for a little while acutely aware of his mobile, the flat, the desire that, despite his fatigue, he is looking forward to being back at the hospital.
From another location in London, Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson are side-by-side on the couch in 221B as they watch the secure feed streaming over Mycroft's personal laptop, and as Rosie sleeps blissfully upstairs, they click their own glasses.
1. Safety - he can be a threat to himself and charges headfirst into potentially dangerous circumstances. As you discovered, if left to his own, he risks his well-being.
"What's this?" He could feel that it was rather heavy, contents of the box rather full, and not anything they’d sent with the kids and dog for their visit.
"How did ...? Afghanistan." John could feel his nervousness rise, deflected it back to the conversation with the caller. "That was a lucky guess."
Tension melts from their shoulders. John breathes deep. And closes his eyes. Somewhere in the periphery of consciousness, his world clicks a little bit more into place, and although it is not perfect, it is a start.
He softened, knowing that Sherlock had enough trouble expressing his feelings without John giving him a hard time on top of it. "Time will tell, I can appreciate the worry, wondering about it. Hypersensitive to every little fluttering, any sensation in your chest." Slipping off his shoes, he pushed them out of the way, propped his feet on the coffee table. "And that's gotta feel kind of, in medicine we call it a sense of impending doom. We'll wait and see, hopefully it won't recur and as time passes you'll worry less. So the only thing that I can say with one-hundred-percent confidence, is that you're not alone. I'm here to help you, provided you let me. That you tell me if something's not right."
Quick to engage without physically responding, he breathes steadily, slowly, evenly, taking stock as his mind wanders from within the cocoon of the bed linens.
In answer, Sherlock holds the tea a bit closer to his mouth, touches his tongue to the lip of the cup. It is as close to sticking his tongue out as he's going to get this morning. John ignores it.
Greg is not rattled, smiles gently at John's expressions. He'd intuited that John needed to share about that final night. And he had a few things of his own in exchange. "I've never met a couple more suited for each other than the two of you."
Sameer came over at one point to where all the adults were seated with them with the oldest child of the visiting family along. To Mycroft, Sameer said, "He wants to know if you have any pets."
Satisfied, he took a moment to glance at Sherlock's face again from where he sat on the mattress, angled on a hip that barely was touching Sherlock near the waist. Bright eyes watched him, waiting, patient, steady. It was for that reason, he knew and was reminded, that neither of them particularly enjoyed a long session with a blindfold. As much as Sherlock liked to watch, John needed to see that all was well, given the barometer of Sherlock's well-being was most often visible in his expression. At times, as John was getting ready to do again, he would ask him to close his eyes, or more rarely to place a strip of fabric lightly over them. But so much was communicated that way, through their gazes, that he was loathe to do it often. When he did, it was short, for a specific purpose, designed to heighten that connection. They oft communicated with a look, a set of the eyes, rather than words aloud.
"Take any medications regularly?" He shook his head negatively. "Illegal substances, marijuana, cocaine, anything?"
"Stop it. Stop it and listen." The huff of annoyance was nearly as palpable as it was audible. "This is not something to take lightly. Stroke risk, Sherlock. I mean, I'm fairly certain you'd find aphasia, or hemiplegia, or worse, declining cerebral performance intolerable. Unacceptable." He hesitated, stretching out under the blankets, glad Rosie wasn't home that he could speak out loud from the comfort of his own bedroom. "Am I right?" Not pushing for a verbal response, he softened his tone and his words. "Listen. I'm sorry. I was hoping you'd convert on your own. And you still might. But really, just stay put and let the meds do their thing. And today, if it is necessary, the procedure will do what it needs to, and we get a plan."
"Not exactly. But I was thinking of making dinner reservations. There were a couple of nice restaurant options nearby, walking distance, that got nice reviews. And there's supposed to be a very old, very historic cemetery not far from town. Maybe we could go amuse ourselves there, wander around for a little while on our way to dinner."
"Shh." He almost seemed surprised as he commented, "I really like it." And then he froze, raised a brow, and his grin grew mischievous. "It's not just to cover up love marks, is it?"
Rather than speak, he held up his arm, where his shirt had ripped and there was a faint abrasion, some very surface scrapes, road rash. "From your fall," the nurse said. "We'll clean that, eventually. It's sore I'm sure, but minor."
Mycroft and his driver met eyes in the rear-view mirror, in silent mutual respect, and the car slid easily into gear and they were off.
Intensivist rounds are led by Dr. Jack Benton and are quite thorough. John hears first hand what the team - pharmacy, physician, nursing, therapy, case management, and a few students - discusses. Dr. Benton summarises the long and complicated hospital course. Labs (therapeutic), tissue perfusion (extremities, good; lungs, still reduced), activity (still intolerant but out of bed), medications (blood thinners as noted, with aspirin to be added tomorrow while the heparin continues), oxygen needs (moderate, with incentive spirometry added), assessment and procedures (findings are normal and no further testing today), appetite (fair), catheter removal (has urinated, no issues), skin concerns (procedural punctures all intact), and John does actually hold his breath when the final category is brought up:  disposition. It is hospital speak for discharge.
John is holding one hand, Dawn is on the other side of the bed, and they watch. Dawn lowers the rate of the IV sedation again. They are nearly there.
"But I do think, though, that this is a great idea. We do have plenty and can definitely share. And help out somehow." John shot a quick glance over at Sherlock who was looking at both of them with such fondness. John belatedly realised that Sherlock was probably looking for any excuse to eat less. "So let's think of some ways to make it happen."
An exhale, a tucking of John's knee over Sherlock's, a comfortable, intimate embrace. Sleep, when it arrived, was sweet and dreamless.
"Finish your greens first, and then I reckon." John's brow creased, and he listened for any noise coming from upstairs.
Molly glanced around the mostly quiet pathology lab. It was eerie, knowing that death rates were skyrocketing but the department was slow. Cases that required postmortem examination were much less in number, bodies now double bagged, tagged COVID, and sent on to funeral directors without being examined other than the ID tag on the top. The NHS had determined that autopsy on a known or suspected COVID patient required special consent from a panel of experts. The document was very clear about risk reduction, and although Molly had done a few, she was finding the decreased volume somewhat unsettling. Although she had caught up on her backlog - or almost anyway. There was still plenty to do.
"I try not to think about that too much." John keeps his face from shuddering, remembering how sick Sherlock had been, the desperate procedures, the threat to his health and well-being. He recalls those terrible moments when all of them were concerned about the possibility of long-lasting neurological symptoms, of breathing issues, of the potential for a somewhat decreased quality of life. "Do you?"
Sherlock interrupted. "I don't think it's entirely Uncle Mycroft you should be saying thank you to." He took a deep breath, as if he were going to launch into a dissertation on how he had managed to connect all the details. John laid a cautionary hand on his knee, a quiet request, a calming touch, and it was enough to settle him for a moment as the men held a few seconds of eye contact, Sherlock hearing the silent question, the request to let things alone. "Although, I suppose it was his house. And his food."
"I'll be up, I guess. Or I'll just crash on the couch tonight," John told her. "Let you have the room ..."
Sherlock raised a haughty brow, and a small smirk appeared as he rose to the occasion to give John grief. "That's because you're an idiot and don't seem to realise you can win
"Sort of," she said, setting the book aside. "Pleasure means, it feels good. It's nice. Or satisfying." With a kind hand, she chucked him under the chin and held him there so she could smile down into his sweet face. "I'm happy to do it, perhaps that's the best way to explain it."
And so that particular ambush had been thwarted, for which John later considered himself fortunate. Heaven only knew what a curious, unboundaried Sherlock would investigate next unannounced. John suspected, chagrined, that it could possibly - at some point - have involved a long finger and somewhere extremely personal. The lesson had been timely.
She didn't miss a beat. "I read over your history already. Thought I'd come by, take a look and listen, explain the plan." Her targeted assessment took only a few minutes and included a few housekeeping questions about his symptoms.
"No, she can't take them into their kitchen. Cleanliness and cross-contamination and such." Sherlock nods once, and John continues. "You order breakfast yet?" When he shakes his head no, John gives a tolerant smile in his direction. "I know you're not hungry, but ..."
Join me, join my family, all of us as we all raise our glasses to wish this new couple every happiness, every blessing. Truly you both deserve it.
"No arguments from either of us. Yes, your stylish footwear stays on." She scrolls a bit more. "Deep breaths now and again, clear out that mucous. Save the coughing though for after your activity restrictions are up. Incentive spirometre tomorrow. That's all I have. What haven't I explained to you?"
The men exchanged a look, one of those curious glances between people when trying to suss out what to say, how much to ask, particularly given the setting and the fact that they really didn't know each other well. John went with a more professional, provider mode, however, and relaxed back into the bench. "That was a hard day for you." Not quite a question, but safe, and enough of an opening, if she chose.
The earlier fussing, the obstinance, the discontent was gone. In the pause, John could hear what he assumed was Sherlock getting comfortable too, linens and shifting and the muffled sounds of someone moving. "Don't suppose you can rush right over?"
Which was why he was not expecting anything other than a social visit when Sherlock's brother Mycroft arrived on Baker Street that very next night.
For as much as John thought he'd feel better seeing Sherlock, once he finally is close enough to get an actual look at him, it doesn't feel better at all. His work of breathing is ... not exactly laboured but significant, the usual reflexive, automatic muscles required for respiration are very deliberate, intentional, and seem to require some concentration. His colour is the more alarming thing: his skin, usually pale, has a hue of flush, a tinge of circumoral cyanosis. The oxygen tubing that he is wearing is large, silicone plastic, an oversized nasal cannula capable of very high flow rates with some pressure that forces air in through the nose. His usually sharp eyes are half-mast, restless and glazed.
"Sam's grandmother, yes, I figured." For a brief moment, John worried that Sherlock was going to be caustic in his greeting, but he held out a hand to shake with the others.
"All right. I'll put in your discharge orders for this afternoon. Provided no set-backs and you're able to eat your next meal and keep it down." The doctor looked at John, then at Sherlock who stood near the window. Sameer had scooted the chair as close as he could to John's bed and was warily watching the adults in the room. "Sound like a plan? Any questions?" Sherlock shook his head no. The doctor grabbed lightly at John's toe under the sheets, a parting farewell, as he left.
There is one single nod from Rob. "I'm glad you're here. And you've been updated?" At Mycroft's nod in return, he speaks to them both. "He's okay. Tube's in, sedation's running. Dr. Nguyen ordered a propofol infusion, a nice short acting med, short half-life. An amnesiac, actually used in short term anaesthesia, and we'll give small doses of pain meds when he needs. Xray's been done, sats are marginally better. He's not struggling."
He is not so sure he wants to be back at the hospital as he nears Sherlock's room, comes within earshot.
He scooped her up, nuzzling her neck, hoping to turn the screaming into giggles, a distraction of movement and touch and affection. But to no avail.
"I know, but ..." John let the words trail off, knowing that if Sam was okay that pushing him was not wise. "Well, if you ever feel like you wished maybe you had a bigger family, or get lonely, we'll just invite Aunt Harry and Uncle Mycroft over more often. You know, for family entertainment purposes."
Choosing a somewhat sinister smile, Mycroft stilled before saying, "I'm very proud of you, Sherlock."
I'm exhausted. Covid has sucked too much energy already.  I am clinging hard to that little flicker of hope I have been hanging on to.
One final note: Any romantic involvement between the two of you is considered outside the scope of this contract and, while it may be ill-advised, it is not specifically prohibited. Although I would personally caution you to think quite carefully before becoming sentimental regarding him or allowing him to develop feeling for you. Trust me on this - I have known him much longer than you and urge you to have a care for his heart.
"What's most important, is that I take care of myself first, and then take care of ... anyone else."
He coiled his hand, tugged, his touch firm and authoritative. And he was promptly rewarded by a quiet groan. From deep within his own chest, John echoed it, feeling an intense throbbing as a result, the noise penetrating to his very core. He'd caused that, he'd taken a little nick into Sherlock's armour. Whispering, he arched into the sensation, "Perfect, just like that, and more. God, Sherlock, I can't even tell you what that does to me ..."
"I hate this." The honesty is raw and John can feel the sting of it behind his eyes, in his chest. Sherlock's words absolutely drip with pain.
He smiles, and the smile sticks on his face even as John scoops up Rosie and carts her up the stairs to her cot. He returns to the sitting room, where Lydia indicates that she is heading out to pick up Sherlock's prescriptions from the chemists. John feels the rightness of finally having Sherlock home, the sense that order and equilibrium has been restored in their lives. He flips on the baby monitor for the upstairs bedroom, savouring the peace, the quiet, the stability. He spreads a thin blanket up to Sherlock's chin and in short order has settled into his own chair and fallen asleep himself.
Mrs. Hudson to bake her famous ginger biscuits. None of them had been convinced at the time, but John hadn't been surprised when, the following day, a tin of them appeared in their kitchen.
They'd just settled in, Rosie stacking small toy cubes that John'd brought, both of them appreciating being in a carefully ordained social distance retail gathering as opposed to staying home for a change. Well, that and the requisite morning caffeine.
"No." For a few moments, John's eyes met and held Sherlock's. He felt, heard, and struggled with a sensation in his chest as he swallowed, searching for words that would be both true and topic-ending. From behind closed eyes, he spoke his resolution, his heartfelt opinion. "I can't. Not again."
"Another fifty and fifty," she directed, and while the meds were given, John stepped back so that they could safely set the machine and use it. She spoke then softly to John, "We're just using one hundred joules, should be a one and done. I don't need to tell you not to touch him, or the bed?" John was already smiling, nodding, as he indicated that he'd already moved. "He's sedate?" she queried of the anaesthesiologist, and they all looked at him carefully. His eyes were closed, he was breathing easily, the oxygen in his nose, his limbs in neutral positions along the bed. Her words were soft, gentle, and concise. "On my count then, cardioversion in one, two, three. Clear."
"You've been worried." John had known this, the questions, the grilling on how protected he was, on the supply of PPE. It wouldn’t have surprised him if Sherlock’d twisted Mycroft’s arm to ensure that the facility, or specifically John’s unit, had the best supply in London.
"Feel free to leave," Sherlock muttered once the long, tedious, boring - so Sherlock had insisted - admission process had been completed, with one of the nurses asking multiple questions and trying to efficiently elicit correct and uneditorialised answers from Sherlock. John did his best - and mostly succeeded - in letting Sherlock give the information. He supplemented only when absolutely necessary.
The ambulance driver appeared then in the doorway, poking his head inside, meeting them part way. "Going to have to lift over that biggest tree. This driveway," he began, gesturing over his shoulder as he shook his head, "is an absolute nightmare."
- as it slammed and ached inside his chest. The sadness was quite overwhelming, and he didn't know what else to do with his pain.
Sheila returns with a large steaming styrofoam cup, hands it off to John, and they discuss the logistics of breakfast, which John orders for him although they both wait for Sherlock to nod his final approval. John divides the water, places the tea bags, sets them on the overbed table in front of Sherlock's chair. He sits across from him and tries to enjoy the camaraderie. If nothing else, they do both enjoy the tea. The similarity to what they usually prefer, though, there in Baker Street, dressing gowns instead of patient gown, real slippers instead of hospital socks, freedom instead of being somewhat confined, is limited. Eventually, Sherlock finishes about half of his cup, pushes it away, casts a disappointed look at it.
"You haven't... you haven't changed your mind?" The slowness of his words, the uncertainty in his expression clearly says it all. The expectation of more between them.
"And best I can recall, Rosie's room is rather full at the moment." There is a single nod. He sees Sherlock make a face and decide he's frustrated, that he's had enough already, just about ninety seconds into John's day, thank you very much, and turn away. "Sorry to be a bloody inconvenience for you." John's words, deliberate, are followed by a snicker of disbelief, as if to ask,
"Really?" John interrupts. "Really? Are we going to have the ‘one more miracle, don't be dead, I heard you’ discussion again?" John takes a deep breath, hesitating, knowing that Sherlock is certainly entitled to vent, complain. "Perhaps we can just agree that, just like back then, yes it was an awful time. Just like this is an awful time again."
Although Rosie did not get her heart's desire that Uncle Mycroft would officiate. He drew the line there, assuring them all that he had no interest unless he could say whatever he wanted, tell stories from their childhood, and supplement with as many humiliating photographs as he could find. John initially had laughed, but his laughter died an abrupt death when Sherlock reminded him that Mycroft likely had multiple and sordid connections to
And from Mycroft, a military service record screen shot that is apparently Lydia's judging by the photo and the uniform. She looks far younger than she must be, John realises, and has clearances that he doesn't especially comprehend.
The coat ended up tucked into the boot of the car, his PA waiting curiously for further direction. "He'll turn up, sir. He always does."
"There is. But there's something you should know." The solicitor hesitated, then flipped to the final photo. It is one of the entire family. And it is quite unexpected.
Sam chuckled then, and the question that had triggered his giggling came bubbling up then. "So does gotcha day include presents?" His eyes twinkled. "I was thinking, maybe a mobile?"
Bits and snippets of some of the discussions trickles into the room or via the intercom between the team and the tech who is recording, monitoring, and assisting from the control room with replays and camera viewpoints.  "... pressure's up again, let's do a squirt of nitro ...  fluoro on ... he's wriggling, let's give twenty-five mics of fentanyl, and go up on the propofol ... hold that ...  can you reshoot that last run-off? ..."  There is discussion between Dr. Steinberg and the interventional radiologist about the actual stent specifics. They are being quite careful, John observes, to choose the right diameter, the right length, and the right location.
"I know, and I'm not sure what to tell you. For all he's already doing, I really think he's going to be fine with it. And, if he doesn't want to, that's up to him, and it's not like we won't be there. You read people so well, Molls, you'll
"We appreciate that," John says when Sherlock is silent. John can see a few worry lines on his face.
, Rob breathes, the word quiet although probably not meant to have been spoken out loud. John does not disagree, not by a longshot. "I'll let her know, and be right back." He catches John's worried expression, shares it. "Interesting it doesn't seem to be hurting him."
There is a lot of oxygen equipment at Sherlock's head, specifically what modality John can't tell, and his curls, his hair is covered by a flowery procedure cap. The monitors in the room are all turned that he can't see, but he can sense enough to know that they are working urgently, quickly and safely as they can. Racing against the clock, fighting a very bad outcome. And along the side of the table, visible under the clear plastic securing device that serves several purposes, tucked in along and under the cushion on the table, he makes out Sherlock's hand.
I think the psalmist means that despite the gravity of an overwhelming situation, we sometimes have to take a harder look to find hope. Because it is there, deep inside, waiting to be found and nourished. If we are patient, there is deliverance to be found:  family, friend, or casual stranger, especially if they know what it’s like to be barely clinging to the end of the rope.
She shared briefly, carefully, how she'd spoken so frequently with his wife on the phone, how they'd managed to FaceTime now and then but that his wife'd hated seeing him that way, the tubes, the frustration, the process. How organs began to shut down, how the oxygenation never really improved. Carrie'd learned that they had been LSO season ticket holders, loved the symphony, and she'd played it for him regularly in his isolated hospital room, when she could. There had been more complications, and difficult conversations, documenting two steps forward and then three steps back. Impending kidney failure. Pulmonary fibrosis. That final day, the physician had presented options - terminal extubation or tracheostomy. Carrie mentioned how conflicted his wife had been and how some of the comments had gone: that the decision was tearing her up, that her final act of love, would be to help him to die well. He had never wanted long-term life support measures.
Had he been asked, John would have remembered breaking an old fashioned mercury thermometer once as a kid. He and Harry had been looking for something else - plasters, most likely - and had knocked it out of the cabinet in the bathroom to hit the lino.
"Eventually, yes." John was acutely aware of the noise in the headset, background sounds, his own heartbeat swooshing loudly in his ears. "So what is your name?"
For a few minutes, John moves some bags out of the way, hospital supplies and paperwork. He switches Sherlock's oxygen source from the tank to the concentrator, at which Sherlock has only glanced at once with a considerable amount of venom before closing his eyes to the whole thing. John is okay with the display of annoyance and smiles when his back is turned as he flips the kettle on, prepares two mugs.
The entourage halted a few meters away, and Dan's serious expression changed. Even from behind the mask, they could tell he was weakly smiling. "Here's good," he directed the other staff member, who stepped forward to place a rolling walker in front of them.
"No you're not." Sherlock's terrible posture not-withstanding, he is slouching, his neck against the chair back, his spine curved outward, legs stretched out, back at an awkward angle. "Bed."
Age ten, the recital. Both parents in the audience and Mycroft, the slightest fingering problem, the quick correction, the moving forward in the piece, the way his cheeks heated. His teacher afterward, assuring him that most people did not have the slightest inclination that he'd made a very tiny mistake, that he'd recovered well and did not let it affect him. His father, mildly disappointed, his mother, warm and snuggly and hugging his own perfectionistic tendencies away. He'd allowed the hug, the assurance that it was okay, and his fingers carried the scent of horsehair, of rosin, of music, of the polishing cloth, of the easy acceptance from his mother.
Mrs. Hudson could feel her eyes moisten, and she made sure to grin back at Sameer. "I'm glad. And she would be so proud of you, you know?"
"John, thank goodness. They said you were ..." Greg begins and then sees the looks, the heavy atmosphere in the room, the expression on all three faces. He moves immediately to John's side, looking for information, searching the eyes for any sort of clue. A hand slides down to John's shoulder, squeezes once, and he realises that the news is bad but that Sherlock must be close by, that it is serious and that he's in a bad way. But that he's still here, that there's a chance, that there's hope to be had. John's hand reaches up to where Greg's hand rests on his shoulder, makes contact, takes a deep breath. Greg's voice is soft but sure. "I got here soon as I could. What is it?"
Later that night, Mycroft left his office late, collecting his briefcase along with the long, garment bag containing his purchase. It would hang quite nicely in the spare room until Sherlock came home. The new, well-tailored Belstaff would suit him very nicely. Well, that is, once Sherlock had stopped being annoyed at Mycroft in general, he would probably be extremely pleased with the garment.
The alarm had gone off, and John was trying to keep the noise down in the morning as he readied for work. When Sherlock pressed up on an elbow to ask what the problem was, and that if John needed, he should turn on the lamp. "I can't find my trousers."
Until John Watson. Or well, almost. Although a relapse had occurred when John had been ... distracted, now that it seemed John was present in every sense, Mycroft had worried less.
"You realise I'm not criticising you. Now isn't the time to change any of your behaviours or your interactions." She startles then as a thought occurred to her, "And please don't think I'm going to be rigid, Dr. Watson, I'm not here to --"
"No, listen," and John pushes past his discomfort, knowing that this is far, far worse for Sherlock, "I'll help you, hold the urinal right where you need it, so you can pee. But you have to stay flat."
His return to the bedroom is noted by Sherlock shifting around a bit in bed. "I know you're stiff, sore. But you need to keep ..."
Pulling in a quiet breath, Sherlock didn't respond verbally but did follow John's direction briefly, shifting as he tried to ease his symptoms. It lasted only a moment before he restlessly returned to his previous leaned back position.
Rob's brow rises, and John gestures at Sherlock's now exposed left wrist. "No pulse. You try," he offers, thinking over and over,
Slowly, reluctantly, the boy shook his head in the negative and didn't raise his eyes at all. "I need to be with my papa."
The wind whipped between buildings, stirring up the detritus - old trash, dirt, grime - of a nastier section, a back alley in northeast London. The buildings were only three or four stories high and he had no desire toward occupying any rooftop. He really didn't, and just the thought gave him faint chest fullness, the knowledge that it had been a bad idea, that one very terrible day. The call of the wild, the inner yearning, though, simmered and festered within. But oh, he wanted ... His hands, chilled and dry, were crammed into his pockets as he opted to head to yet another empty building, a place to crash, some shelter from the driving, bitter cold. From across the street, there was a whistle, a call, something that summoned his inner demon, and Sherlock made a split second - poor - decision.
"All right then, as you wish," he says, then addresses John, "I just wanted to suggest that, prior to Sherlock's discharge, that his pain medication needs are carefully monitored. Last I had been updated by his physician, it didn't seem that he was taking anything especially strong for discomfort."
"I know. While we're tip-toeing around what we're trying not to talk about, there's no rush. So, no expectations. Just ... company."
And it had, but he was okay with it - the dog, aptly named Proboscis but shortened to Bosco most of the time - was good company, loyal to a fault, and rather well-behaved. Except for his cluelessness about dropping a soggy tennis ball into or at or on top of anyone or anything he darn well wanted. Laundry, frequently, especially if it was freshly clean. An open can of paint, only once.
Home Visitors schedule:  Your first visit is scheduled for your first day home following discharge. Subsequent visits to be determined.
"Nothing!" Sherlock hissed back. "It was the way he told me, the demand. You saw his attitude, and ..." His words trailed off as John let out a short burst of laughter and Sherlock got indignant seeing John's amusement at his expense. "Stop it, this is not funny."
he thought but knew better than to speak audibly, ever, about the perils of sentiment. Now and again, John looks over to find him searching, smile slightly in appreciation, in thanks, in gratitude for his presence. He'd known all along that John was going to be the shining star of the evening.
She'd inked his fingerprints and made a little heart motif on the notecard. It was like getting one last, enduring hug.
"Going to release these," John said, working the clips on the canvas restraints. For variety, sometimes John wouldn't even tie them; this time, he had bound them together, secured to one of the bedposts. He lowered Sherlock's wrists, taking care to move slowly, stretching out gently those muscles that had been restrained. He placed his warm palm over the meat of Sherlock's bicep toward his shoulder, letting the warmth be soothing, the heat of his hand gentle as he guided the movement. Another clip released, and the canvas strap fell away from Sherlock's skin, right extremity first, then left. John brushed his thumbs over the grooves left behind, smoothing the tightness, his pressure over the faint marks soft and tender. "You pulled here, quite a bit." A few moments of massage and the ridges were just beginning to smooth out, to ease.
Mycroft looks quite solemn, given that he came supposedly to visit his brother and presumably cheer him up, but he turns to greet John. "Good morning."
The provider makes a decision not to fuss about the technicality and reaches up to remove his head covering, ripping off the mask and binning all of it. "Have you had any update at all?"
"Just breathe easy, Mr. Holmes. Tube's out, congratulations. Not a lot of talking, okay? Save your energy." Dawn's words are gentle, unrushed as the remnants of the somewhat disgusting endo tube is wrapped and binned by the respiratory therapist. She gestures at John, beckoning him to Sherlock's side and steps away so that he can be close. Quietly, she cautions him, as she makes room, "Mind the arterial line especially."
"Her, neither. I'm so sorry." John's voice was somber, and he once again in his mind he heard the mantra, I-hate-this-virus, over and over. He'd said it, agreed with it, echoed it when someone else said it, and it couldn't be helped. That phrase, he spoke aloud, "It can't be helped, Mrs. H. I'm sorry. We've no choice, really."
It was a good sign, he thought, that Sherlock had come this close. But apparently, he was not quite ready.
"You're not ready yet." His words are calm, matter of fact, and he moves quickly back to his question. "How are you feeling?"
As if it could be anything else, which it never is, it is the hospital. With an update and a request about Sherlock.
Departing has been a little muffled. Blunted. The aching that has plagued him recently is duller, distant, for which he is surprised and grateful. The brain fog is protective, in every sense. It is a gradual thing, leaving by degrees, gently easing away by layers.
She knew exactly what John was expecting, and though she huffed, she did finally add the word he wanted. "Please."
I don't mean to downplay any emotional issue, suffering, mental health, and I apologize for not offering more of a fix. A vaccine would be nice.
The rest of the evening, on a happier note, would have included measures that will change going forward, vaccine plans, further surge and spike preparedness, and probably a tasteful request for research volunteers or donations. It also would have included a return of our favourite pair to Baker Street to find only Mrs. Hudson awaiting their arrival, handing them tea and biscuits before going back downstairs. It would entail a hug of celebratory success, of a job well done, and then pyjamas, checking on sleeping Rosie, forehead kisses, and sleepy cuddles under a comfortable duvet. In typical fashion, Sherlock's toes would have been cool only for the few moments necessary to warm them up on John's legs.
Other times, Sherlock himself, unintelligible words or slurred requests for help. Interspersed with demands and insults.
His words echoed a bit in John's head, remembering the devastation of the tremor, the pain, the numbness and the horrible finality of being told his surgical career was permanently over. His self-control was called front and center as he specifically didn't remind Sherlock of the difference between his own permanent injury versus Sherlock's paroxysmal afib.
The number over the front door matched; he breathed a sigh of relief. The app he used to log his activity was already open, and he pressed a few buttons, logged his arrival, and gathered a few supplies - his gloves, a torch, his backpack, and the keyless access code that would eventually gain him home entry.
"I turned him down but told him I'd give it some thought. I just ..." He paused, choosing his words carefully. Honestly. "There's a history. Complicated. He'd recently got out of rehab and seems quite .. changed. But I don't know him all that well." With a sigh, recalling the great location, a reasonable commute, and it was financially achievable with a flatmate.
"Tell me," John murmured, quietly, clearly, low, "did anyone actually ever tell you 'no' when you were growing up? Ever?"
history as well. When there were murmured words that followed, some of which sounded like Three Continents Watson, John distracted Rosie from the topic with other wedding details. She let it drop.
the femoral line is out." She whisks the curtain closed before flipping back the covers, slides the patient gown aside, revealing the top of his right leg and a clean, white gauze bandage under a clear plastic tegaderm. Her gloved hand presses lightly over it, looking for oozing, haematoma, bleeding, redness, or pain response. Although John had seen the apparatus that the infusion had been connected to, he hadn't realised how bulky, how impressive it was. Sherlock's leg, the top of his thigh, without all the clear dressings, tubings, and stabiliser ring, looks much better. Approaching ... much more normal.
"Nothing," John said casually. "Rosie'll be home from her playgroup soon. You can read her the letter too. Think she'll like the bunny?"
"I'll spare you then. But seriously, congrats." John himself is officially retired as well, unofficially working on memoirs. "Plans?"
Smiles, bright ones, happy ones, turned a bit more serious the longer they'd stayed there, breathing common air, sharing common skin tingling.
"Forewarned, heading to ICU, a lot of settling to be done. Intubation's not off the table, either, depending on work of breathing and the next few hours. Echo's still pending. But I can already tell you there's impressive RV strain, I could see it, the enlargement, on fluoro."
, and John is again grateful to see it. Sherlock sighs in mock surrender. "Fine. But at least make whatever excuse you're going to dangle at Mycroft be somewhat believable. I'd hate to have him somewhat prepared to be ... humiliated. Cut down to size."
"Best anyone knows, gradual. Sleepy." John's words restate what they've already been told. The diagnosis - cholangiocarcinoma or common bile duct cancer - when they finally got it some time ago, was combined with words like metastatic, untreatable, I'm sorry but it can be aggressive, and we don't really know. "Everyone's different. I've already promised you that I'll ..."
John chuckled at his use of the phrase, for real. Sameer'd heard it often at school, and now that he understood, he worked it into conversation from time to time. For some reason, it amused John every time he did it. "Yes," he said, ruffling at Sameer's hair. "For real." With another kind smile, John continued, "So if you're going to be a real player on an actual team, you need some gear. Boots, shin pads." John considered the display again. "A ball so you can practice."
trying to tell you. Ignoring it isn't smart, Mr. Holmes. Are you listening now?" Faintly, Sherlock pursed his lips, annoyed, but then nodded in unhappy understanding. "I'm starting an IV before we transport, you need some fluids, perhaps other meds if we need. Draw some blood."
Dr. Nguyen nods to John while she watches Sherlock, the monitor, his demeanor, his efforts as Rob works with Sherlock's IV tubings and sites. "Seems to be resting a little right now. Much as we can, we try not to disturb him." John agrees, seeing that Sherlock is actually breathing ... no worse anyway, and that his eyes are comfortably closed. "We're here all night. There is a waiting room, some recliners out there if you want, we'll come and get you if he asks or if there's anything going on. But the echo's a good half hour, maybe close your eyes for a power nap?"
Swallowing hard, John tried not to stare at the monitor or the IV or even at Sherlock. "I can stay for a little. You know, Rosie's -- " and he wriggled his fingers, indicating gone and away.
John relays this as well, and in short order, Sherlock coughs, then gags, and the vent alarms and then there is more thrashing, restless pulling, agitation, movement, and a few minutes where both John and Dawn are trying to calm him back down, keep the tubes intact, the lines safe.
Rather than actually laugh out loud, John exchanged a few pleasantries with the nurse, and eventually asked if there was any update for procedure start time.
Dental work:  If you need dental procedures (beyond cleaning) within 6 months from placement of the PFO closure device, it is recommended that you take a course of antibiotic therapy for 3 days prior to the procedure.
[Yes, the contents of this opening note is an iteration of a particularly timely and sweet comment gifted to me a few chapters back and never forgotten. Thank you for your gentle encouragement. Wisely chosen words are so powerful.]
" Carrie glanced between them again. "It affected us all, didn't it?" She looked harder at Sherlock then. "You too, probably almost as much."
I know we can't turn back time but good grief, there are times I wish we'd done things differently. Not done some things (getting shot comes immediately to mind, the debacle with Mary, mourning my best friend for two years, and each time I recall the anger-induced ...
, actually. I really should always say please. It's more polite." A serious moment descended upon them both, and John smiled again, but a kinder and more gentler version, knowing his eyes were warm and Sam's expression was sincere. He nodded, adding, "Then Sam it is."
, and this will always be your home." When Sam looked down, John tipped his face back up to meet John's eyes. "Do you understand that?"
A riotous jumble of people moving, of John and Sherlock being somewhat ushered toward the door, with Sherlock's questioning one last time, "You're sure you have everything --?" and John's patiently sighed response, "Of course I do."
4. Intellectual stimulation - when Sherlock is bored, many can suffer. I would caution you to prevent boredom - and rectify this at your earliest convenience. Given that he is quite intelligent, he finds satisfaction in not only being the smartest in the room, but in proving it - often to the detriment and humiliation of those in his surroundings. I should hope that you have thick skin and can withstand a bit of personal deduction. He thrives on finding, exploiting, and broadcasting, secrets.
The battle was long and debilitating, arduous, with multiple set-backs, and the residual weakness left in Dan as the ventilator was finally successfully withdrawn was profound. He would have to learn to move, walk again, swallow again, cough, and it was going to be a very long haul. But the night following the discharge from the hospital, upon John's arrival at home, he felt an ease, a need to share, and a relief in the telling. "He went to a rehab centre today."
"I have a case," he begins, coming closer, into their personal space, to slide both Rosie's and Molly's sleeves up out of the faucet, out of the water, "that I could really use their help with."
The same eye contact from earlier, the connection, the honesty that was usually followed by a wall, a pretending, a performance. It lingered a bit instead. "Every time I closed my eyes, I thought I felt my heart racing again. It never did, just felt like it was going to. Like at the hospital."
"You have no idea," came the reply, and the telephone console lit up again with an incoming call. "Until we meet again," the man said quietly, then nodded once, and left the room.
Thought about calling Sherlock. I guess because when I rented the car, they showed me my account online, asked if anything had changed, to verify my info. His name is still listed as alternate contact. I had them update my address and that this time I needed the car seat included. But other than that, the rest, the details, really don't matter. I left it alone, Sherlock Holmes listed in the record, of course it won't be needed. But it did occupy more than a little space in my mind today.
Another click, caught this time by John, who grins over, raises his own glass to join in the toast from the distance away.
John leans in, "I explained some of this. You don't remember?" He realises immediately that Sherlock doesn't, adds, "Which is fine. Understandable."
The new nurse chuckles then mumbles at Rob. "Okay, you warned me. Feisty? I can do feisty," she says a bit louder, intentionally looking to be heard. She touches Sherlock's arm, while Rob and John look on, sensing that this new relationship between Sherlock and this nurse will get off on the right foot regardless. "So, fine. Give me the answers without me having to ask. And then do all the steps of the exam." He is surprised, and a little bit impressed. "Come on now, it's been done four or five times already. You should have no problem."
After a bit, Sameer's remarks turned from worried to curious. And then sometimes his previous anxious questions were absent altogether.
"Afghanistan." John repeated, breathed out again, tilted his head with a frown. "What are you hoping to do there?"
me." He holds out an imperious hand. "Give them to me." Flinging back the sheets, his exuberance fades just a little as he eyes the various things he is still connected to - oxygen, foot pumps, the IV, heart monitor, telemetry pack, and the ugly patient gown he is wearing. "And ..." He glares at his own feet, at the pyjamas that John holds, the ceiling. Glares hard at John.
In the other, there has been a witnessed collapse, a 999 call from a bystander, a profound and abrupt alteration in mental status, a cardiovascular catastrophe. There is a time morph and Sherlock is sprawled in an ICU bed. As if the pulmonary embolism isn't bad enough not to mention dangerous enough, now there is more clot, limb ischaemia.
John exhaled for the first time since coming to the hospital, and he fell into step along with Sherlock as the doctor led them back to the recovery area.
"Good," John said, but with some hesitation. "Needed. He needed permission to really let loose on how terrible this was. Is."
It is the nurse, Rob who comes back out to the waiting room and John bristles almost immediately - unreasonably - wondering who was watching out for Sherlock.
Chemotaxis is what propels a spermatozoa toward an ovum, based on stimulant and increased biological markers from the ovary which stimulate receptors through fluid media.
John could only shake his head. Time for yet another discussion with Sherlock about the oft-unhelpful example he set.
Mycroft did look surprised at that before hiding it again, and then he answered, carefully, "Oh, I don't really think that would be --" and as Sameer began to translate that, he could see the face of the other boy just fall. He softened it up. "We'll see."
John settles the pulse oximeter on his finger, thinking that at very best it will cue him when Sherlock is awake or if the number is too low. He smooths the duvet over Sherlock as he tries to move Sherlock's floppy limbs into a more comfortable position than the exhausted fall-wherever-they-land when Sherlock collapsed into the bed, and he shuffles back out to the sitting room.
Briefly, he considered arguing, engaging farther, opted to let Sherlock lick his wounds for a few minutes while he was gone. "I have my mobile, if you ...?"
"If I could sum this up - and trust me, I could fuss at you for any number of things, okay? - to sum this up, just chill out." She gestures with her hands in a calming, easy, lateral plane. "Let us do our jobs, take care of you. And I know you've been through it, and it just ... sucks, pardon my language." Sherlock blinks, looks at her with a little bit of surprise. John stifles a chuckle, thinking of actually apologising for that word as opposed to the many others that he says out of Rosie's earshot. "But at least you're getting another chance. Because let me tell you, most people who have this kind of unlucky stuff happen to them," and John hears her words and whole-heartedly agrees, but wonders - cringes - at the timing, "they don't always have such a good outcome as you." Her words are soft and quite well delivered. "Okay?"
A hand catches his wrist mid-sweep and they both see the tremor in his limb. John pulls away. “I’m fine, honest.”
John would argue that he should keep it below merely ‘manageable’, if he wasn’t privy to Sherlock’s sketchy history with drugs. He can’t fault him for being cautious. But it says a hell of a lot about his character that he wouldn’t use the opportunity as an excuse to chase that old, nostalgic high. Though Sherlock’s commendable willpower makes John exceedingly proud, he decides not to comment on it. He continues his diagnostics, using a toothpick pressed against the sole of Sherlock’s feet, which twitch away at the unpleasant sensation.
way to manage a neurosis, he had to admit— making no effort to dissuade the habit (quite the opposite in fact), but Sherlock was only trying to help. He was nothing if not efficient and pragmatic, in this and all things, and John appreciated it more than words could describe.
This hand— he’s catalogued its every contour, every crease, every line. He knows it like he knows his own.
. A traumatic injury, something laden with guilt. A friend had died, perhaps while John was still working to staunch the flow of blood, to keep him conscious just a few minutes more until help could arrive.
in fact serial killers, but that if their child happened to express an interest in the profession above the age of 8 they should probably seek a psychological evaluation, just to be on the safe side.
So when his teacher had gotten annoyed by his hesitance and ordered him up front, like a doomed soldier at the Battle of the Somme he had marched in front of his peers and delivered his reading. Everyone had gotten an eyeful of him that day. It was a humiliating experience. All the kids had sniggered and laughed at him for the rest of the school year, and Mrs Raithwait had just let it happen. The snooty cow.
Greg pinched the bridge of his nose, regretting he’d ever opened his mouth to suggest this. So far it had been a pretty disastrous game all round. “Ugh, whatever… Someone spin it again, if he’s done.”
“Cor, that wasn’t much to go on,” Greg sounded disappointed. “But uh… I think I know anyway. That was Molly, wasn’t it?”
“I’m not very good at this sort of thing,” Sherlock admits, his eyes fixed on John’s bandages. “But there’s something I feel you deserve to hear. This experience has put certain things into perspective for me.”
Mikhail is breathing heavily, his bald head glistening with a sheen of sweat. There’s something sharp clutched in his meaty hand— a pen knife, perhaps, or something he took from the kitchens. He brandishes it threateningly at her. Christ, he must have had this moment planned for days.
“Don’t overdo it. You should try to get some rest in somewhere, too. Doctor’s orders, you hear? You’ll make yourself ill if you’re not careful.”
Later, John had convinced a highly reluctant Sherlock to attend the police after-party being thrown by D I Lestrade’s department back at the station, citing his need to be more socially acclimatized. The party was attended by many of the officers who’d ‘helped’ them (Sherlock would insist on the scare-quotes around the word) on the case, including Sally Donovan, who as it turns out still holds something of a grudge against Sherlock for his long history of embarrassing her in front of her superiors.
He hesitated, not wanting to make this more awkward for his friend, but imagining how amazing it would feel to have him stare deeply into John’s eyes as he comes. So far, Sherlock didn’t seem to mind what was going on. After all, this had been his suggestion. But would it be asking too much of him to actively share in that moment? Was it crossing some sort of line, make it too blatant that he would be the reason John ultimately came apart?
“I’m not entirely sure what just happened,” Sherlock admitted. He swallowed heavily. “I didn’t mean… But, I’ve never felt…
But Sherlock patiently coaxes one of John’s hands free, and he begins to mimic the motion. Doing so eases the pressure slightly. “Good, just like that. Now try it with both hands.”
Mikhail pushes away from the wall and John keeps his eyes fixed on him for the slightest provocation. Behind him, Mindy’s footsteps recede. “Listen to me, Mindy.” He tries for calm and authoritative; he doesn’t want to scare her any more than she already is, but if she’s in shock, it’s going to take some force to get her moving. “Go call security. Tell them to come down here immediately. Preferably with handcuffs, if they’ve got any.”
The day passes swiftly. Nine o’clock rolls around, and after the doctors and nurses have finished another battery of tests and checks, John once again finds himself sitting by Sherlock’s bedside. Sherlock is awake and alert, but unable to move much on account of his wound, so John makes sure he’s comfortable, fetching him drinks and pulling the blinds closed when the sky outside gets dark.
It was ridiculous to think this wasn’t the first time Sherlock’s body had laid heavy and warm on top of him. Only now, both of them naked in John’s room and not a thug or a rope in sight, it was for a much more deliberate purpose.
He gripped himself firmer and picked up the pace. He couldn’t see it, but he felt the warm wetness of precum dribbling out of his cockhead, and he used his thumb to smear it around his velvety foreskin, easing the friction into a softer, more pleasurable slide through his fist.
Mrs Hudson looked scandalised. “Oh really, Greg! I suppose I had better sit this one out, then, hadn’t I?”
He couldn’t believe it. Clearly, when he’d claimed to be ‘good with his mouth’ John had severely underestimated his meaning. As his cockhead pressed into the tight restriction of his throat, Sherlock attempted to swallow around him. John cried out, seeing stars behind his eyelids, his legs twitching and his fingers spasming between Sherlock’s curls. After a few incredible seconds, Sherlock came up for air.
He doesn’t remember seeing his mother get tossed overboard by the storm. But sometimes he hears her scream piercing through the howl of the wind, and those are the nights he wakes shaking and gasping for air.
The next day, their homemade card took pride of place on Mrs Hudson’s mantlepiece. She cooed over it for the better part of an hour, John and Sherlock keeping her company until it was time to see her off for a visit to her sister’s.
“Exactly! Which is why I’ve decided to make my own from now on. It has the dual benefit of being cheaper and more personal. I can guarantee you Mrs Hudson will appreciate it far more than whatever you plucked off a shelf in passing at Tescos.”
What exactly he was getting from the experience, John didn’t know. The comfort of another body, perhaps. Feeling safe to be this open with someone, to touch him and explore him in ways that would otherwise be forbidden. Feeding the hunger of Sherlock’s mind, rather than his body.
John’s throat tightened. That was one of the most genuine, heartfelt things he’d ever heard Sherlock say. It was kind of shocking, even. He couldn’t recall anybody ever expressing something so warm about him, and when he met Sherlock’s eyes again he saw that they were filled with that rare and fragile John-centric sentiment that nobody else save for him ever got to see. It was almost as if…
Bending down, he pressed his lips thin and placed a feather-light kiss on Sherlock’s temple, just above the blindfold at his hairline. At the contact, Sherlock’s confident smirk instantly dropped.
“John, may I make a deduction?” Sherlock asked. It seemed only a few short seconds had passed, but during that time John’s intensity had withered, as if the very foundations of their friendship were crumbling beneath them.
It was late now. The streets were dark, empty save for the occasional drunkard wobbling his way home from a pub crawl. Still struggling to catch their breaths, John and Sherlock shared one glance before they broke into exhausted laughter, high on the thrill of the chase.
“I don’t doubt that.” He tried to ignore the rumble of jealousy at the thought of Sherlock being like this for anybody else. His relationship history was a mystery to John. Had he even been in love before?
Sherlock began carefully deconstructing the box, tearing some flaps off and re-arranging it, before putting it back together again. When he was finished, the box looked intact from the front and sides, but the back and base of it were empty. He then placed the box back in John’s lap, glancing sideways at him with a smile and an eyebrow raised.
“Not another one,” Sherlock grumbled, thoroughly unimpressed so far and feeling his mood sink even lower. John smacked him playfully on the arm. Greg got up and lifted his chair away from the table, crossing the room to the hearth, and placed it down in the space between where Sherlock and John’s chairs usually resided.
In the end, and at John’s insistence, they decide to leave the phones in the car; a polite but firm rejection. After all that happened, they feel eager to take the reigns of life and regain some of the control that was lost. A new chapter is upon them; it starts as soon as their flat door swings closed and Sherlock crowds John against the wall, needy and impatient to begin.
“And once received, it is glanced at for approximately five seconds in total, before being forgotten on a mantlepiece for a day or two and then ending up in the rubbish bin.” He scowls, deepening the crinkle across the bridge of his nose. “Does that strike you as money well spent?”
now — was okay with this. An affectionate smile reassured him, and he couldn’t resist grinding against him slowly, the friction causing him to gasp again against Sherlock’s lips.
Sherlock studied him for a few seconds, his eyes flitting back and forth in indecision. Then, his shoulders relaxed on a defeated sigh. “Fine. If you think that would be better.”
Sherlock lifts his cup to his lips. “I know its geographic location,” he mumbles. He takes a long sip. “I’ll have sunblock.”
He wasn’t prepared for the creeping horror that spread across John’s face as the words sank in. John spent a considerable amount of time just blinking at him in the wake of the confession, stunned right back into the silence that Sherlock had been hoping to tempt him out of.
The deck opens up into a circular atrium overlooking a huge shopping mall. Above and below, multiple decks overlook a ground level dotted with tables and chairs. Crowds stroll through the shops, lit from above by rows of cable lights that hang suspended from the glass ceiling. Peering over the balcony railing, John catches sight of Mindy as she descends a wide staircase towards the busy food court below. The bald man is close behind her. He rudely pushes past an old couple in his hurry to keep pace, and John’s heart skips, more certain than ever of the danger Mindy is in.
“I suppose so…” said John, who by now was beginning to fidget uncomfortably. Their well-meaning attentions hadn’t helped at all; he was hard and desperate to press a hand between his legs. His fingers played at a belt loop in his jeans.
“Shall we go for a swim, Mr Holmes?” he heard behind them, amidst the heckling of the thugs. Someone picked up their bound legs and swung them inside, hauling their dead-weight bodies into a position that could allow the boot to close over their heads. With a slam, the light was shut out. External sounds dulled to a muffled whisper of voices and the soft tread of boots. Inside, only their breaths were loud and clear.
“Can’t you call someone?” he asks, quickly clamping his mouth shut again, his clogged nose pointed towards the sky.
And Sherlock kept going, because he had to, delivering an inexorable rhythm of frottage against John’s crotch that soon had him breathing hard through his nose. Every brush sent heavy drags of pleasure up his spine and down into his bollocks, bringing him rock-solid and building into a serious threat of something more, something with a very definite
. He just doesn’t get it, and John isn’t about to stop and explain it to him. He wouldn’t listen, anyway; Sherlock is always right, all the time, about everything.
“Don’t think so,” John replies, because he honestly doesn’t think he could if he tried. His phone pings. “Oop, got another one. Let’s see who… Oh, Greg sends his congrats. Says he’s got a possible nine for you when you’re feeling up to it.”
Other times, however, his random peaks of perceptiveness can be a royal pain in the arse. Like right now. Their roles appear to have reversed; John is being entirely too perceptive, and Sherlock is failing to see something that should be blindingly obvious. It's unnerving; he isn't used to second-guessing himself. It seems they’ve arrived at a stalemate, and John’s dour mood is spreading to him like some infectious tropical disease. He can’t think like this, plagued by uncertainty and increasingly concerned about the impact this might have on their mission.
This isn’t so difficult. It’s not easy, but floating on his back, his face to the night sky, it feels like they’re making steady progress. His heartbeat pounds in time with the percussive rhythm of his limbs through the water, a steady swooshing that takes his mind off the reality of their predicament. As long as he doesn’t get stuck thinking about how deep it is beneath the surface, he’s okay. He can stay calm. He can
“Don’t be ridiculous, I had you,” he insists, but John lunges for him again. Sherlock is ready for it and dodges with ease. “Okay! Okay, I’m sorry. Would you just. Stop, John. You’ll never hit me like that.” He keeps a safe distance as John awkwardly drags himself through the water under the weight of his drenched clothes.
“Why?” he snaps. “Do you think you’re being noble? Hoping to score extra points with the man in the sky once you keel over? Don’t be stupid, John. You’re throwing your life away for no—”
For a dangerous moment, Sherlock didn’t let up. John was right on the edge when he finally withdrew, slipping off the spit-soaked head with an obscene smack. His face was flushed and he was breathing hard, but his eyes were pools of black delight when he smirked up at John, wiping errant dribbles of saliva from his chin with the back of his hand. The debauched sight of him alone almost had John coming there and then.
Eventually he got up, mumbled something about a shower, and left Sherlock alone in the room. The bathroom door closed a moment later, and Sherlock heard the creak of the pipes as the water was run.
John huffed a laugh, his cheeks burning with embarrassment. “Blimey. Your eyesight’s better than mine if you saw that all the way over there.”
His initial reaction is panic. He flies to his feet, knocking the book to the floor anyway, but stops dead when he sees the source of the noise. Sherlock’s pale arm is outstretched, his hand fiddling with the controls of his morphine drip. Then his head rolls on its pillow to face him, one tired eye cracked open.
A memory pricked at the back of Sherlock’s mind: The night they first met. Angelo’s. Candlelight gleaming in John’s bright, cerulean eyes. A look of bare-faced admiration, centred and directed at him like a sunbeam, honey-gold and warm. Nobody had ever looked at him that way before.
“Hmm, that’s a tough one,” Greg mused. “I don’t think I’d say Anderson… or John. Didn’t catch a whiff of drink, which is suspicious, considering we’re all tankered. Trying to be sneaky, eh?” He grinned, lifting his chin confidently. “That was Sherlock, wasn’t it? Had to be.”
Though, it did feel a bit strange being the only person in the room with a raging erection, now standing rigid and blushing in the open. Sherlock was eyeing it with obvious interest.
John tries again, but gets no further than before; his drowning response kicks in too quickly, his coordination falling apart before he can get used to the feeling of having his face fully submerged. “I can’t,” he complains, snorting and pinching his nose to clear it. The move makes him gasp in pain. “Sherlock, this is too hard. Isn’t there an easier way?”
“Not until you admit it.” His fingertips press into John’s skin, as if expecting him to try to wrestle out of the hold. He might try it. “You need to stop avoiding this and deal with it. I need you.” He bites his lip, a flash of regret in his eyes. “I need you at your best on this case.”
John looks at him, eyebrows raised. “Sherlock, you may not realise this, but ordinary people like me need things like sleep. And food. And you need those things too, even if you do apparently have an almost superhuman ability to ignore it until you collapse into a bloody coma. I’m not you, I don’t have that kind of endurance. I’m sorry, but a week without sleep is beyond my tolerance.”
God help him, he had been in love with this man ever since he first laid eyes on him. It was only now that realisation was coming into sharp, dazzling focus. And whilst John had been struggling with his conflict of emotions, Sherlock had very stupidly told him the very
Everyone watched intently as he slowly got up, turned, and approached Sherlock. For a reason he couldn’t fathom, the room’s anticipatory silence seemed to have grown particularly heavy all of a sudden.
Sherlock kicked off the clothing and finally he was stood there, completely naked in front of John. He would be lying if he said he didn’t feel a little self conscious, but John’s eyes were nothing but appreciative of what they saw as they took him in from head to toe.
he thinks. But he can’t just leave him like that. He knows first-hand how uncomfortable it can be, walking around with a stiffy for hours on end. He lives with Sherlock Holmes, for chrissakes, he’s hard half the time just being in close proximity to the man.
“Swim over here and I’ll tell you,” he calls back, concealing his alarm. It’s an odd promise, but it seems to spurn John into movement. He pitches forward into something that resembles doggy paddle more than it does a front crawl. His head remains stubbornly above the surface, disrupting the flow of his strokes, and his feet crash loudly against the water, leaving cascades of foam in his wake. Sherlock tosses his head in disapproval.
The annual 221B Christmas party began ordinarily enough. Despite its tiny size, the flat had somehow fallen into the tradition of hosting the evening do for Sherlock and John and their close group of friends. It was never a loud or rambunctious affair; just a small gathering, with drinks and food and music in pleasant company. And it truly was. Pleasant, that is, not that Sherlock would ever openly admit that. But it followed, logically, that whomsoever was patient enough to stick around and not be driven away by his acerbic personality was either destined to end up being a cherished friend, or a mortal enemy to the mercurial Sherlock Holmes.
He had assumed sex would be totally out of the question. After all, he’d recalled his own reactions so many times after masturbating to porn on the Internet. There was always a stark difference in his appreciation for the material before his orgasm, and directly after it; to put it lightly, some of the things he enjoyed in the heat of the moment could turn his stomach after the fact.
Mikhail regards him with suspicion. “I came here for pleasant chat with work mate. Only thing that happened was nosey passenger who trespasses in staff area.”
Mindy pauses, pulling a pack of cigarettes from her pocket. She exits through a bulkhead door. John cringes, knowing that the poor girl has just cornered herself. Mikhail pauses outside the same door, turning to glance back down the hall, and John’s training kicks in just in time for him to duck out of sight, heart thumping wildly in his chest.
“That’s not.” John stepped away from him, running twitching fingers through his hair. He couldn’t do this right now. “That’s not what… I’m just. It was embarrassing. Okay? That’s all. I don’t want to talk about it. Please can we not talk about it?”
?” John cries, splashing water at him. “Nowhere’s bloody safe with you, you lunatic! I could have drowned!”
“I’m not sure,” he says, studying the perfect line made by John’s thin, pressed lips. “You seemed adamant about not coming along. Then you changed your mind, all of your own accord.” He lifts a shoulder. “It is a mystery.”
“I’m going to stay at Harry’s for a while.” He sounded weary, as if he hadn’t slept much, or at all.
His was a look that gave no applause to their captors, no acknowledgement of their having outwitted their opponent. It was an air of arrogant confidence, as if their eventual escape was a foregone conclusion. Child’s play.
So he had imagined an asexual’s experience of sex to be like a permanent state of the latter. Sherlock had shocked him by not only being open to the idea of pleasing him in that way, but having undeniable enthusiasm for it.
“Being sick,” he warns, seconds before a frothy mix of seawater and bile gurgles up from his stomach with a wet cough.
He dreams of water. Water in odd places and at odd times. They’re sitting in 221B, feet warming together by the hearth, when water begins to rise all around them. It soaks through the carpet, douses the hot embers of the fire. Electrical sockets hiss and spit around the room. It shouldn’t be possible up here on the first floor of the building— Mrs Hudson’s rooms would be totally submerged. Half of London must be flooded, and he knows that’s impossible, but in the reality of his dream it seems perfectly normal.
He plunges a hand into John’s shorts and John’s legs go rigid. His Adam’s apple bobs in his throat as Sherlock pulls the device free of his pocket. “There,” he says, flinging the phone safely onto the deckchair with his clothes and towel. John senses this as his chance to escape and twists his body, trying to make a run for it. Sherlock quickly recovers, capturing him in a bear-hug from behind. Giggling breathlessly from the struggle, he holds on tight as John squirms against him.
John groans. “No, I mean— Don’t you have any fancy gadgets on it or something? Any way to contact Mycroft?”
Perhaps if he had seen her around more, had time to study her behaviour from afar. But it appears that she chose to attach herself to John. Somehow she knew about them, about their mission, and has been planning her actions accordingly. It dawns on him with a sharp inhale: She, not Mikhail, must have been the mastermind behind this all along.
After sending his text, John allows the careful examination of his bandaged hands. He watches silently as Sherlock turns them in his palms, the warmth and pressure of his touch seeping through the cotton. It takes him far longer than usual to finish gathering the data he requires, such that John could swear after the first few minutes they were simply holding hands for the sake of doing so. Experimentally, he smooths his thumbs along Sherlock’s bare palms. Moments later, Sherlock’s slender violinist fingers reach up to stroke back and forth over his wrists.
, there’s another clue Sherlock had to have noticed. He’s probably picking apart every tiny movement John makes. It's making him paranoid. He crouches back down to the floor, huddling between the protective shield of his knees.
John chuckles, embarrassed, but warmed by the unexpected compliment. He can’t be certain if he’s ever heard Sherlock call him ‘good looking’ before. He lets it roll around in his mind and decides that he doesn’t feel weird about it. Quite the contrary; he likes it. Judging by the heat in his cheeks, it probably even made him blush.
The first day on-board the Aurora proves daunting. This ship is more than just a big boat— it’s an entire floating city. The densely-packed decks thrum with activity and noise, music and sweat, packed as it is with bronzed holiday-goers and the harried staff who attend to them. Only now does Sherlock truly appreciate the enormity of the task he’s set himself. Nevertheless, he goes about it in his usual style: Systematically. There is no other way to tackle a task so huge.
As for John, he's been keeping himself on the edge for what feels like an eternity waiting for Sherlock to come, but it still doesn't seem like this is enough to bring him all the way there. John's jaw is aching, and while the reaction has been promising, it's no longer ramping up any further, seemingly teetering on the edge. So close, but still needs something more. Even with his noisy mind locked safely away, Sherlock’s stubborn body seems reluctant to let itself completely go.
Sherlock’s face, mere inches from John’s own, remained passive and unimpressed by the man’s taunts. To look at him, one might assume the whole affair was a minor inconvenience. He looked bored, only mildly irritated to have been stripped of his coat, his hands bound behind his back and the rest of him tied to his friend, ankles to sternum.
As he stood over Sherlock, watching him sit perfectly poised and still, John focused himself back on the game. He artfully contemplated his next move. He knew all too well Sherlock’s ability to deduce someone’s presence without even seeing them. But no matter how certain Sherlock was of the man standing in front of him now, John was equally sure he could trick him into reaching an entirely different conclusion. It was time to test his skills.
His chest constricts with guilt and fear. He has never seen John lose control of himself like this. He seems intent on drowning them both, overtaken by his body's drowning response. He might just succeed if Sherlock doesn't snap him out of it soon. Adrenaline surging through his veins, he manages to encircle John and lock his arms safely to his sides, keeping John from grabbing at him again but forcing his legs to do all of the work. Summoning his strength, Sherlock manages to bring them above the surface. Their gasps fill the air.
Breaking through John’s thoughts, two goons stepped forward, grabbing their arms and shoving them towards the car. John felt Sherlock’s body stiffen the moment his calves touched the bumper, and a moment later they were toppling awkwardly over and down into the cramped space.
Another silent eon passes. So long, in fact, that he’s not even sure if the text was actually sent. But his phone buzzes again just as he’s about to send a follow-up. He squints at the screen, struggling to decipher John’s horrible spelling.
She stood, timid as a mouse, and awkwardly shuffled between the table and Mrs Hudson’s legs. When she was close enough to reach him, she bent forward and planted a quick kiss on the side of Greg’s head at the hairline, just above where the scarf was tied. Then in her hurry to retreat back to her seat, she almost tripped over the table leg. Mrs Hudson caught her just in time. She settled back into her seat, face flushed with embarrassment.
Time is running out. Soon he'll be focused on their mission and he can't afford John to suffer another bout of panic when it may put him in danger. There's nothing else to be done but pry it out of him. Sherlock affects a casual tone as they make their way to the main road to wait for a taxi. “Don’t people usually enjoy this sort of thing?” he asks, coversationally. “'A week away in a hot country on an all-expenses paid trip', or whatever it is those inane game show hosts say. I had thought you'd rather enjoy it, given how much time you spend vicariously living the experience.”
John Watson wakes at least once a week from a nightmare that leaves his skin clammy and his heart hammering beneath his ribs. The subject of his dreams rarely differs: He’s pinned down in an abandoned stone building, gunfire piercing the air. Bullets zip past his ears through the empty windows as his squadmates lie dying in the streets.
A cheeky smile tugged at the corners of his lips. John could be so adorable at times. “For God’s sake,” he said, “I know what you meant. Anyway, I thought you didn’t want to talk about it?”
Good; now, if Mikhail still wants her, he’ll have to go through John, and he’s not about to make that easy.
’ and launch into a deductive soliloquy leading him straight into the inevitable, humiliating conclusion. Because it’s bound to happen, isn’t it? Nothing gets past Sherlock
And if he was completely honest with himself, that wasn’t the only reason he was seriously considering it.
“Sherlock,” John hissed, barely able to prevent his body from twitching at every bolt of pleasure that was skittering up his spine. “Could you… Stop. Sherlock, stop, please.”
“That’s not very helpful,” John says, leaning against the doorframe to watch him. Sherlock flicks the bedside lamp on and stoops to reach underneath the bed, pulling out a black travel suitcase. He tugs the zipper open in one smooth motion and begins packing items inside.
he wants to ask, but he can’t help his curiosity. The hand over his is firm, but its texture is oddly rough. It isn’t skin that he feels, but something closer to cloth, or gauze. Scratchy, like whatever is wrapped tightly around his stomach, constricting his muscles. But the shape of this hand over his is familiar somehow, as if he’s observed it from afar so many times that he could recognise it locked in an iron box if it were to rattle a certain way.
“John, watch me,” he urges, meaning to demonstrate how to tread the water, but at the sound of his voice John's blue eyes snap to his like a pair of magnets, and the fear in them is unlike anything Sherlock has ever seen. His usually brave, stalwart face is void of any sense of familiarity. John is no longer a man, but an animal fighting for survival. Sherlock's mind reels from it.
.’ Not to mention probably giving Mrs H a heart attack. Look,” he lifted a finger before Sherlock could protest, “I’ll pop down the shops in a bit and pick up some supplies. Then we can both sit down and make a proper card, with— I don’t know, glitter or something. Alright?”
But John was having far greater difficulty letting it go. The night air was cooling his sweat-damp skin, raising goosebumps as he zipped up his denim jacket to ward off the chill. With his pulse calming back into something resembling its normal rhythm, he was just now noticing how badly he needed a shower. He felt like a mess, and not just in terms of the one he’d created in his pants.
Sherlock grins. All pretence falls by the wayside as John’s hands pry at his grip and his feet shuffle along the wet-slick floor. Sherlock takes another long step back. “We’re going into the pool. Your only choice is this: Trunks, or clothes. You have five seconds to decide, or I will make the decision for you.”
He makes his way outside for the first time in hours. The sea air greets him with a cooling spray, whistling past his years and soothing his hot, clammy skin. It’s mercifully quiet. There’s not so many people out here this time of evening; a few scattered loners, couples quietly enjoying the sunset together. There’s room to breathe —what novelty!— to collect his thoughts, if only for a few blissful minutes. When he closes his eyes, he can almost imagine the ship being empty and silent.
It takes long minutes to make his way over there. Every muscle in his body burns with built-up lactic acid and begs for a moment’s relief, but he pushes through it, ignoring the pain. He can’t see where he’s going, but eventually his head bumps against an outstretched leg and he struggles upright, reaching immediately to support Sherlock’s head above the water.
The ride continues in silence for long minutes as the road snakes down towards the coast. The next time John looks over to check on him, Sherlock is wearing a self-satisfied smirk on his face. It sends a fresh wave of cold sweat trickling down his neck. "What are you so giddy about?" he asks. Sherlock doesn't respond, save to adjust his position to something more dignified. John's stomach twists with dread. He only gets that look when he's planning something, and that usually equals trouble. Being trapped on a ship for seven days is a bad enough prospect by itself, but with Sherlock having figured out exactly why it bothers him so much, he has to resist a strong urge to fling open the cab door and go running for the hills.
Back in Sherlock’s hotel room, the detective pulled him in for a slow, loving kiss. Their arms wrapped around each other and Sherlock was pressed against the wall, the long length of his slim yet muscular body against John’s own. Their tongues moved together, tasting, playfighting. When John realised his hands were wandering across Sherlock’s body he broke the kiss and moved to pull away, but Sherlock held him close, his eyes brimming with concern.
It’s the first thing John has heard from Sherlock all day. After yesterday’s blunder, they’ve been keeping a distance from each other. John isn’t ready to fully trust him again yet, and Sherlock is probably scared of slipping up again by sheer accident.
He’s caught completely by surprise when something is shoved over his head from behind. The world goes dark, sounds muffled by a thick layer of cloth. His thoughts reel in panic as he reaches up to claw at the obstruction, only to encounter not one, but two pairs of hands grabbing at him.
Mikhail is gone. The hall is empty, so John moves up, pressing himself against the door that Mindy and her stalker passed through moments ago. It’s impossible to hear anything outside except the rushing of water; for all he knows, Mikhail might be standing right outside the door, but he has no choice. He has to follow. Mindy could be being attacked at this very moment.
Sherlock saw the full, blinding truth at last. John was in love with him; had been, perhaps, ever since that first case. He had managed to put that part of himself aside all this time, because there had always been that unspoken boundary between them, keeping them separate, keeping them platonic.
To John, a partner was someone who also shared in the physical experience, not just the emotional. The dual sides of love were intransigently linked for him, he couldn't simply have one and discard the other. Ultimately he was a sexual being; he had needs, as Sherlock well knew. And just because he got off in public a lot of the time, that wouldn’t preclude him from wanting to enjoy Sherlock more intimately in a physical way.
? Well, maybe he had a chance. If he could fool Sherlock Holmes, he’d go down in Baker Street history. It was certainly worth a try.
“I was kidding!" John huffed. "It really was me. Bloody hell, Sherlock, you thought it was me the moment I stepped up. You must have. I just knew exactly what to do to throw you off the scent. That’s not a bad loss, by any stretch, you just should’ve trusted your instincts.”
“Nonsense, John. You manage to surprise me on an almost daily basis.” It was a vague comment, and John preferred to assume it was in reference to anything other than what had happened to him tonight. Sherlock didn’t look at him as he finished up a text and slipped the phone back into his pocket. “There. Lestrade should be able to track down the car from the registration info. If we’re lucky, they won’t have dumped it somewhere already.”
And yet, he’d been growing acclimatised to the gentle swaying of the decks. Slowly, but surely. Mercifully, the nausea had begun to settle after the first few hours on board, and as long as he didn’t catch too many glimpses of the outside world he’d been relatively stable. He could almost pretend he was back in Menorca and this was just some kind of fully-enclosed tourist resort.
“That much I had worked out, but I still didn’t realise the full extent of it. Not until you became ill at the gangway and wanted to escape the second you stepped off the dock. I concluded that this was a serious issue that couldn’t be ignored until later. It needed to be addressed as soon as possible, both for the sake of your wellbeing and the success of the mission.”
. John slipped his hand down further, indulging to massage his bollocks while Mrs Patterson wrote a truly pleasing number of zeros in the ‘Amount Payable’ field of the cheque.
“You have a gorgeous cock, John,” he murmured between languid kisses. Laughter bubbled up from John’s chest; that was unexpected. He’d had compliments in the past, but he couldn’t recall anybody calling it ‘gorgeous’ before. John himself was slightly above average in both length and girth, and if anything, he’d feared the sight of him fully erect might be a little intimidating.
“The rules are set, then,” Sherlock said. Their lips met again, resuming their interrupted kiss, and soon John was breathing heavily again, cupping Sherlock’s face with his hands. Sherlock’s arms wrapped themselves around him, and before he knew it John was straddling Sherlock’s hips, his cock standing alert and flushed dark red, a perfect drop of precum poised at the head.
John shucked his jacket in the hallway as Sherlock hovered, enrapt by the unfolding drama, at his elbow. Could he really be blamed? He got excited at the sight of corpses, and this, whatever it was, was no more pleasant but equally as fascinating. It was something new about John, something totally unexpected, and Sherlock wanted nothing more than to understand it inside and out.
“Pretty, isn’t it?” Sherlock comments, looking entirely too happy about all this as he hands over John’s suitcase. “Though I must admit, the concept of having an area dedicated to the containment of water on a sea-faring vessel seems a bit redundant. I’d much rather take a dip in the real thing. Less people and their assorted bodily
“Feel better?” Sherlock asked, with an expression of genuine affection on his face that John had only ever seen directed at him. It made him feel warm inside.
John. And even if he was, John isn't interested in anything more than friendship. Which is fine, he doesn't lose sleep over it. Not often.
He shifted his shoulders and flashed a quick smile. “I haven’t thought about it in ages. On the plus side, I did pick up a few tricks, and the experience taught me a few things about myself. Back then, I didn’t really understand my preferences— or lack of them. I knew I was gay, romantically speaking, but people always seemed to expect a sexual relationship out of their partners.
“It can wait, Sherlock. Trust me, the case isn’t going anywhere. And neither are you, so long as you keep pushing yourself like this.”
One mis-timed thrust is all it takes to make Sherlock slip accidentally into John's (thankfully quite relaxed) arsehole. Sherlock’s eyes fly open for the briefest moment, before screwing tightly closed, and suddenly his upper half lifts off the sofa and for a moment John panics, thinking he's woken up, but it's just his stomach muscles clenching like a vice and he’s cumming hard into John’s arse, his cock pulsing thickly inside him. John feels the rush of fluid passing through Sherlock’s cock as it spurts out in waves. A long, strangled cry of escapes his friend, hitching and intensifying around the rhythmic shuddering of his body, and it just seems to keep on going as his cock tenses five, six, seven times, coating John's insides in vast, hot pulses that trickle out of him and onto Sherlock's skin and the sofa. The sight, sound and smell of it pushes John over the edge and he’s suddenly cumming too, squirting his own loads of semen over Sherlock's heaving chest. His anus clenches around Sherlock’s cock, milking the remainder out of him.
But it had never truly been forgotten. Some remnant of it remained in their lives, desperately unspoken. Now it seemed that the events of last night had caused the long-buried issue to resurface— and not only for John.
Or perhaps, because on one or two occasions, John had actually dreamt about kissing him, and had an eerie sense that he already knew what it would feel like to press their lips together? And maybe he should be grossed out by that. But actually, he was kind of looking forward to it. It sent a renewed thrill of possibility running through him, eliciting a wave of goosebumps across the surface of his skin.
He’s never been good at moving and texting at the same time. He fumbles with his phone as Mindy leads them across the court, past an arcade and down another set of stairs. God knows how Sherlock manages to text one-handed, when John can’t even get a sentence out without bumping into someone.
“I can’t believe they didn’t notice us double back on them,” John said, shaking his head in disbelief. His earlier embarrassment had cooled to a low simmer in his gut, displaced as it was by the much more urgent matter of their escape.
. So doing this is definitely a pretty weird experience for him. But John has decided to treat it like the doctor he is: he’s helping his friend with a medical issue. That’s all.
Sherlock’s dark head hovers above him, heavy with thought like a storm cloud ready to burst, and John steels himself for an onslaught of cutting truths. But the downpour doesn’t arrive. Sherlock is oddly quiet as he finishes gathering the debris and tips it into the bin, all too conscious of his being watched far too closely.
When Sherlock glances back over at him, John is asleep in his seat, head lolling to the side, snoring lightly.
“Awright, how about this one: Kiss & Guess,” he announced to the pleasantly hazy group. He lifted his beer bottle to his lips in a mildly successful attempt at hiding a smirk, curious to see who might be brave enough to accept such a challenge.
John opened his mouth, a silent, instinctual encouragement, and Sherlock immediately claimed it, gasping at the sudden heat of this new place. Feeling his knees threaten to give way, he knelt before John, drawing his face down level with his own. His hands came away from where he was resting his weight on the chair, and instead held John’s face between them, suddenly terrified he would leap up and run away at any second. He didn’t want this to stop. Ever. He didn’t think it would ever be enough to sate him. They kissed for what felt like hours, but was probably just a few minutes. John even took control of it, perhaps sensing Sherlock’s inexperience in the somewhat clumsy way he moved; a little too much pressure here and there, accidental nips of teeth, his tongue travelling every inch, tasting every surface, as if mapping him out. It was passionate and loving, but unhurried. It was like they were speaking another language, holding an entire conversation of things they’d needed to say for so long, but never could find the right words. As it turned out, they hadn’t needed words for this at all.
John was sure he meant it, too, so he wrapped his arms loosely around Sherlock’s thin waist, careful not to tickle him there, and pressed his mouth to the firm margin of his sternum. Sherlock’s fist worked in a slow rhythm, testing him with varying pressure, unsure and inexperienced. But it didn’t take him long at all to learn where and how John liked it most.
At least they’re all suffering equally. Even Sherlock, who typically never looks put out by the weather, is looking alarmingly fatigued. Head propped up with one hand, he sits slouched over against the rattling door as he scans his cruise brochure with droopy eyes. Despite this, he’s hardly sweating at all. John knows a sign of severe dehydration when he sees it. He digs a bottle of water from his bag and tosses it into Sherlock's lap.
There’s a quiet sob, and for several long minutes, Sherlock seems unable to release the tension in his muscles. But John lightly strokes his fingers up and down Sherlock’s arm and presses small kisses atop the crown of his head, and slowly — ever so slowly — Sherlock begins to relax.
Sherlock knew that asexuality was an uncommon orientation, often misunderstood. Most people didn’t even realise such a thing was possible, and those that did usually considered it a ‘condition’, the result of some medical abnormality, or impotence.
John had hurriedly excused himself into the bathroom, no doubt eager to scrub away the messy results of the night. Perhaps he also needed some space to process this new information in private, where his features could not give away his displeasure.
It was Sherlock’s turn to fidget, caught out by the unexpected admission. John seemed to hear the echo of his own words a moment later. His head flew up, eyes wide as he fumbled to correct himself. “Not that— That wasn’t— I just mean—”
Falling snow, twinkling lights, paper hats. Short, grey days and long, dark nights. Sherlock had always had a certain fondness for Christmas, but this was the year he grew to love it more than any other day on the calendar.
“Is there anything off-limits?” he forces himself to say, traitorous mind already running through the possibilities in his imagination.
But the alternative was worse; if he didn’t stand and deliver his reading, the teacher was going to fail him. John was a good student, and the only thing he feared more than the embarrassment was presenting his alcoholic parents with a bad grade.
“No, I’m alright. Come on. We can talk about it more later. I know it looks like I’m still avoiding this, but dwelling on it right now isn’t going to do me any favours. Just trust me on this.” He turns to leave, but spins around and points a stern finger between Sherlock’s widening eyes. “Oh, and if you so much as
“Places like this set me off the worst,” He muttered shakily. “All quiet and highbrow. The more inappropriate it is… you know. God forbid we ever have to visit Buckingham Palace,” he chuckled nervously, and Sherlock’s eyes crinkled with his smile.
The silence threatens to engulf them, and John’s open expression wavers. Sherlock sobers enough to remember why he is subtly breaking character. He cocks his head to the side. “Is Menorca not to your liking?”
“Eh? Oh, yeah. Just a few,” John replies. “You wouldn’t believe some of these cocktails they’re serving. Very fruity, but not half bad.”
A passing car honked its horn in the street outside, startling them both. Blinking and clearing his throat, John stepped away. “We should, um. We’ll sign it once it’s dry.” He absently wiped the back of his hand across his nose and stared at their card, at the floor. Anything except those piercing silver eyes.
“But it would feel so selfish,” John said, his voice tight. “I couldn’t just take and give nothing in return.”
“Want to get off the ship for a while?” he offers. “It leaves at 6:00 AM. You could probably get some sleep then. I have a feeling our trafficker is working the night hours, but I’ll have to clear the morning crew tomorrow to be sure.”
John listens as Sherlock mechanically explains to him the Freestyle stroke; how the arms must arc out of the water, reaching ahead and pulling back towards the hip in alternating movements; how the legs are held straight behind, toes pointed in a flutter kick. But demonstrating it is arduous. Every stretch of his arms over his head sends a fresh, hot iron of agony shooting up towards his chest, and every kick of his legs causes pain to arc through his pelvis like an electric shock.
“Sherlock,” he tried again, desperation keening in his voice even as he tried to stay quiet, lest their captors overhear. “Sherlock, please…”
The sun is bright and high overhead, burning his hands where they remain locked onto Sherlock’s flanks, propping him up on the surface with all that he has left to give. Sherlock must be burning, too, but there’s nothing he can do about it, there’s nothing to shield him with. The seas have warmed up during the course of the morning but he can barely feel it. His whole body is numb from exhaustion.
When John looked up, Sherlock looked pleased as punch. He had settled beside him on the bed, half-laying on John with his arm draped over John’s chest and their legs entwined. John tugged him down to share a lazy kiss.
At the next spin, Molly was picked again, but she shook her head, refusing to go again so soon. After that, Sherlock was chosen. Having been observing the others carefully, he mimicked what John had done, holding his breath and kissing Greg on the nose for precisely two seconds. Figuring it was trick, Greg called the bluff and guessed John.
