"You and Steve — do you fuck?"
. We'll always be just Tony and Steve."
"But they got the Stare of Disapproval. Oh, boy, I pity those poor sons-of-bitches."
"Then we can repurpose it for something else."
"Good girl," he said and continued to stroke his hair. "You won't be able to when I'm fucking your mouth, obviously, and I've taken away your ability to use your hands to touch me, so tap your heel against the back of my knee. Do you think you could manage that?"
in body…
In short, being pregnant sucked.
"Didn't think so," he said and stuck the glob of peanut-buttery, chocolate goodness in his mouth.
"I'm disgusting. I'm sorry."
Stop himself from asking Steve out.
"But you don't." Her eyes went wide and a little soft. "Didja get hurt? Are you hurt, Papa? D'ya need Daddy to come home and kiss it better?"
Steve's pencil set. He could still hear the high, childish chirp of her voice and see the look of displeasure that was such a match for Steve's that—
a miniature Steve, wasn't she?
"To a degree," he said then wondered why he was even bothering to listen to anything this dick was saying.
They both indicated they were fine, so Steve headed off toward the employee lounge, making sure to bypass anything remotely connected to the atrium. No sense in chancing a fate worse than death just to get away from Bucky and Sam's needling.
"Given the fact that you know what you would name your daughter, I'm going to have to assume it was Miss Potts that doesn't want a family. Not you."
Tony Stark was much more inclined to make messes than clean them up. That he could figure, other people had, over the years, had to clean up his messes for him. He, quite clearly, couldn't be bothered.)
"Uh, I am packin' more heat than—"
Only Rhodey didn't seem confused by his reference.
Steve was still talking, still laying out his reasoning for why he didn't want to take Tony out for breakfast, and Tony sighed and said, "Fine."
"'fraid so, kiddo," he said then went around the island and stood behind her. "Isn't this bothering you?" he asked as he gathered up the loose strands of hair and began to work at putting it all back into a ponytail again.
"You weren't?" he asked, evidently picking up on Tony's hesitance.
"Yeah, part of the reason I'm even in this predicament to begin with."
"Do I really have the remind this table—"
Bruce closed his eyes and grimaced. "Please just stop talking already."
And besides, maybe Steve was right. Maybe, of all the Avengers, it
"Nope," Steve said and took a sip of his large. Tony reached out to take it off him, but Steve just produced…a fucking
Dinner settled after that, with the assorted group breaking into smaller conversations — Wilson telling Natasha about his recent counseling work, Barton, weirdly, discussing the cultivation of plants with Bruce, Rhodey and Thor and Hill getting into a debate over…Asgardian versus Earth politics? Whatever.
"Coloin' with Papa."
"I hate the internet," the poor nurse grumbled, looking like she was five seconds away from throwing Steve out of the class.
Fuck you
"Good." He took hold of Steve's hand and pulled him over to the table. "Now, come on. I'm fucking starving, and that smells delicious. J, crank up whatever sappy tunes the Cap asked you to play."
He sat back in the chair and folded his arms, and Steve literally face-palmed into his hand before he rubbed his hand down his face and looked up at the clerk.
"He's not out yet," Natasha said. "And I don't think you can deport natural-born American citizens."
Tony sighed yet again, but there was a hint of a smile on his face, and he sat back further, pulling his arms away from Steve so he could more fully look at him in the face.
to articulate it," Steve grumbled like an old man, but JARVIS just continued to explain.
"Hmm? Oh. How the fuck did you not go crazy during the war? I mean, I see the way you are now, and I'm guessing that's not a side effect of that seventy-year ice bath you took. I can only assume you had that beforehand, so… Seriously, how did you deal with it?
"Oh, I knew that," he said and maneuvered the car into the furthest left lane, using his turn signal for a fraction of a second. "Sometimes, when I was able to find my way out of the workhouse, I'd see the bright, shining lights of the city off in the distance — like the gleaming towers of Oz — and I'd think about how swell it would be to grab a couple of nickels and make my way over there."
"Ooh!" Sharon said, her eyes glittering. "I've heard about that look!"
How am I supposed to do that?"
"I don't know," Tony said and pulled back. "I don't know what it means. I just know that I don't even know where to begin with how to process this. This is not— Things like this don't normally happen to people. There are no self-help books or internet message boards for this sort of thing. There's no support group I can join. This is me, alone, with no easy way of getting around or out of this. This is— I don't know what to do, and I don't know—"
. Like, I could feel— When that thing was fucking me, I could feel—" He shook his head. "I don't want that. I don't want to feel that. I want to feel you. I want to know you're the only one that's ever been inside me like that. Not them. Not—"
"Decades," she said and rolled her eyes again. "You have a few good years left ahead of you. Trust me on this, Captain."
with you, Tony."
makeup, and he liked dresses and he liked holstering the girls up to show off his cleavage.
"What's 'no fair'?" Steve asked but didn't let up on the tickles, moving down Tony's leg and grabbing his ankle to tickle the bottom of his foot.
Tony shot a look at him. "Still don't believe me?"
"Thought you said I only remembered this last night?"
"What? What 'hmm'? What's that mean?"
"They were good," Sam said, and Bucky nodded his agreement.
He felt a little pang hit him in his sternum, like he'd lost something he'd never really had, and as Steve laughed and continued to pet DUM-E and told him that no, he wasn't tossing the ball any more until Tony got his lab cleaned up, Tony thought back once more to that soft smile he'd never seen before and that hot, searing kiss that had left him weak in the knees.
"Yeah, well, tea also sucks," he said and dumped a heaping portion of sugar into his coffee. Thor nodded his approval while Bruce made a face.
"Are you fucking kidding me?" he muttered.
"You OK? You comfortable enough, I mean?" he asked.
"Yeah, he does," she said and continued to hold the bottle out to him.
"'Cuz you were sleepin'."
But he was definitely digging out that hat to annoy the fuck out of Steve with sometime before the holiday arrived again.
"Fell asleep on you. Hope you weren't too bored."
Tony glanced up in time to see Barnes smirk and shake his head, and he looked at Steve and said with a bit of an awed smile on his face, "Helluva group you got yourself involved with here, pal."
"Yes, honey, you did," Steve said and patted his back.
"You're not a giant ass," Cap said with a shake of his head and a firm tone in his voice. "You're a bit of an ass, but you're not a giant one," he added with just a hint of a smile.
"Yeah, sure you didn't," he muttered and rocked back and forth in the chair once.
Tony sobered, his hand stilled over the hard lines of Steve's abdomen. "Wait, what?"
Tony put a hand down to his abdomen. "That it almost seems…
Tony turned and looked at him, lips pursed and eyes flat. "You're humoring me, aren't you?"
"I'm not
He continued to ramble, and Tony turned and took one last look at the introductory panel, at the photograph of the gorgeous young woman with what she could only presume was her whole life ahead of her, her doe-like eyes startling from the liner she'd applied and framed with feathery lashes done up in coats of mascara, her mouth parted in what she probably perceived to be a combination of enigmatic and sultry. Tony stared at her, and she stared right back at him, and he almost found that he couldn't tear his eyes away.
"The life of every party," he muttered to Sam, who snorted a laugh then said, "Come on, man, that's not nice to say with him in the room."
In all honesty, Tony hadn't meant for it to sound so…tawdry. He hadn't meant for it to come out like a come-on. And any hope that it had gone over what he had heretofore taken for the naïve Captain's head went straight out the window as he watched the good Captain run his gaze over the length of Tony's body then fist his hands at his sides and swallow. He probably didn't even realize he'd done these things.
Steve swallowed and tried very hard not to imagine that. After his less-than-consensual experience with Johann, hadn't really thought himself to be into that kind of play. He knew Bucky and Natasha were (and he kind of suspected that Bucky wasn't the 'dominant' in the relationship, either, or, at the very least, they switched back-and-forth), but he had never thought he would be. Not that he was
"Yeah, and risk the Hulk joining in on the festivities — not the mention giving Bruce a front-row view to, uh…" Steve just raised an eyebrow, and Tony raised one to match and said, "You know, you could do it."
Tony just nodded his head toward the elevator, and Steve nodded his understanding before he passed the baby off to Tony and got to his feet, and he followed Tony over, feeling a presence behind him. He turned to see the other four all creeping along behind them, and at his questioning look, Natasha simply said, "We want to see what it's about, too."
"Thanks," he muttered and stuck another spoonful of gelato in his mouth. She just leaned forward and kissed his cheek.
But Steve had just sat there, happily sketching away, and so Tony had gone back to his projects. After a while, he forgot that Steve was even there, but a cursory glance in the direction he'd last seen him had shown Steve to be marveling at some prototype or another Tony'd had stationed there. He didn't say anything to him, and Steve never asked anything — just looked over the prototype and began to sketch it, brow furrowed in concentration as he evidently tried to get the contours right.
But Barnes just shrugged and dropped his hand. "Pizza. Beer. Bullshitting. We were just hanging out."
He looked up to meet Steve's eyes, and he expected sympathy and understanding but instead got—
Tony sat back at little from his computer. He'd actually forgotten that he'd asked Wilson to send Barnes down, but he pushed that to the back of his mind and said, "Honestly? I know it's only been, like, a month-and-a-half, but it's kind of gotten to the point where when I see or think of one of you, the other one immediately pops into mind."
Tony, still leaning back against Steve, turned somewhat to look at him. "You're kidding, right?"
Actually, he
And then came the fluttering again.
"Overpriced," he said without thinking, and the guy laughed.
He nodded. He didn't even have to think about it, and though he might have been showing his cards, at the moment, he didn't care. Something about him wouldn't let him care. Something inside told him
"Uh," Tony said and blinked at Steve before he turned back to Natasha, "I think that's the whole point of this? We
, she decided she'd help us along with that and poof—" He motioned over himself. "Suddenly, I have a fully-functioning set of female reproductive parts just made for the receipt and processing of super soldier semen."
But Steve shook his head a little, pursing his lips and swallowing like he was trying to get hold of his emotions. The pictures in his grasp, he moved over to Tony and, without a word, folded him into his arms, tight, possessive, loving — like even with these pictures in-hand, Tony was still his most prized possession in the world.
He could admit there was a tiny part of him that was elated and excited by this — ecstatic over the fact that he was going to be a father. But he was terrified, too. Not necessarily because he didn't know the first thing about being a dad — he didn't — but because he was an Avenger that lived in a tower of superheroes. He wasn't a guy that had a regular nine-to-five with weekends and holidays off. His job was dangerous — his life was dangerous — and he couldn't guarantee that he was always going to come home.
He blanked on the name of a famous female musician, and Tony snorted a laugh as he rolled out some more dough.
But Steve smiled a little and leaned in and whispered in his ear, "I'm pretty sure that's the baby moving, honey."
She just shrugged.
Pepper was probably the first relationship he'd had where he'd found it was OK not to have to fill every single moment of interaction with someone with noise of some kind. Well, maybe Rhodey, but that was a different kind of relationship entirely. Plus, he'd known and been friends with Rhodey for well over half his life, so there existed a familiarity and an understanding already. No, they didn't always have to talk. They could hang and just watch TV or stuff their faces or play video games and not have to spend the entire time talking to each other (unless it was smack-talk as they battled each other over whatever-the-fuck shoot-'em-up game Rhodey had brought with him this time).
"You," the guy said, dipping his head to murmur the words close to his ear, "are the most beautiful thing I've ever seen come into this place. And I've been coming here a long time."
"It would!" Tony said, and Steve sat away from him some more.
," Steve said in that warning but good-natured tone he knew was appropriate for the situation.
kind of doctor."
Tony made a face at him. "Yeah, like you refused to get involved in the Avengers Initiative. How's that working out for you?"
"Yeah?" Steve said, again, even more leading and hopeful than before.
"Steve, you willingly take a hit from that bastard, I'm divorcing you."
Tony grinned at her. "Exactly. I just… Believe it or not, I actually don't think me going out there and telling the public that I'm Tony Stark, I'm a woman, and I'm pregnant with Steve Rogers's child is the smartest move to make. And I cannot trust anyone on the Board not to keep their mouths shut about it. I've got, what, a handful of months left. Is there
"I'm not 'yelling' at you—"
"No, I don't
If Steve had expected Tony to offer him sympathy for that, he was sorely mistaken. Tony stepped up to him, hands on his hips and said, "Yeah? Well, that's not my problem."
Steve frowned as he tried to parse this. "What's that mean?"
Steve just stared at him a moment longer before he turned and made his way back through the field, and Tony sighed out a breath and joined his side again.
DUM-E, the damned traitor, just beeped and whirred in what sounded like cheerful agreement.
"Yeah?" Steve murmured and continued to caress.
"'This' what? Gotta be a bit clearer on that, babe."
"Not your ma?"
Tony stared at her a moment, and he thought about what this meant in principle — what was coming out and where it was coming out from — and he realized that while it was 'natural' and while he wasn't exactly ashamed by it, it really was probably something he was OK with not seeing.
"I still don't see it," Steve said with a gentle shake of his head, and Tony hummed and said, "Of course you wouldn't. You've got a red-streak in you yourself."
me up on all fours, my thighs dripping with lube and come, all filled up with it and a tight plug to keep it there, and you'd make me stay there like that, stay until I couldn't take it anymore, until I was so desperate with want, desperate to come, that I begged you. That I cried and begged you to let me come, and you— and you—
This was the first place he and Steve had
"Got the serum," Steve said, eyes closed and voice strained. "Hasn't failed me yet."
He patted his abdomen then nestled into the blankets and tried to relax. He closed his eyes and took several deep, long breaths as he tried to will himself into something like a slumber. Falling asleep was not exactly difficult for him nowadays, and in no time flat, he was out, and he only knew that because the next thing he knew, the light and the shadow had shifted, and he knew late afternoon was upon them.
"You don't have to—"
"I'm not really sure sometimes," Tony said and reached out to grab a cup of coffee. "Which one had which one in a headlock?"
Tony hummed in thought then said, "Yeah, call me that again, and you're sleeping on the couch."
Steve nodded at Tony's breasts. "You like it? When someone fondles you?"
"Wait, did you just...let me win that one?"
"Oh, now you don't mean that, either."
"What?" he asked, appalled at the fact that his own AI was going against him.
"Yeah," Tony said and grabbed another slice of bacon, "sure you didn't."
" Steve said, and then Tony heard him addressing the group. "
He nodded, slowly, exhaling a breath as he pressed his hands to his abdomen — like he would immediately feel the change done to his body.
"Shit," he said and made to jump up until he realized he still had a newborn attached to his tit. That, and he wasn't really in a position to do anything but get off the couch slowly and gently. "Yeah, OK," he said and gave the code to authorize lockdown. Satisfied that JARVIS had initiated the protocol, Tony carefully broke the latch and pulled the baby away. "Remain where I am my ass," he muttered as he readjusted his clothes, even if some part of him screamed in agony at the thought of getting up and
Tony shrugged and set his coffee mug down. "I thought Mr. Man-with-the-Plan would have it all figured out by now. Sure as hell knew more about pregnancy than I did."
"Hmm…well," Tony decided, "things are a little different this time. For one, you're mine, and I don't like people taking or touching my stuff, so someone did something like that to you? Yeah, a world of pain coming for them and also me coming to rescue your ass from wherever you are.
"I mean, not how I imagined you'd look on your wedding day, but still fucking good." Tony smiled in appreciation, and Rhodey added, "My baby boy's all grown up."
"Jesus fuck,
Natasha sucked in a breath, but Tony put a quick hand to her arm and said a calm, "Nope," as Natasha took one step to advance on her to do…something. Who knew? He didn't think Natasha was the type to allow herself to get worked up over petty comments about her attire.
Tony waved him off. "Stupid movie. Don't even worry about it."
"No, I get that, but—"
Or maybe —
Steve just grinned at him, chewing the bite before he swallowed then said, "Think I might have."
"We're done here," Pepper said as Tony started to come back to himself just a little, heart thumping wildly in his chest and breaths coming at a faster rate than before.
"No?" Tony said and looked down at his legs. He moved both a little as though to test them, and he looked back at Steve and shrugged.
buying a farm and raising…whatever it is you raise on a farm."
"I thought it was one of the more romantic versions of the song," Tony added, which startled Steve. Why would Tony be concerned with romance? With him, anyway?
because, as Barton likes to insist, I'm spoiled. It's because it sounds better than 'Rogers-Stark.' I'm sorry, babe, but it just does. I know the other way is alphabetical, but it's that 'S' at the end of your name and the beginning of mine. It fucks it up for you. Stark-Rogers just sounds better, and even you agreed with me. You didn't just
As he watched the door close behind Thor, he sighed out a breath and chastised himself a little for being so...unenthusiastic about Thor's offer. It wasn't that it was a bad offer. It wasn't. It was actually very kind and thoughtful of him, and he appreciated it very much. It was just...
Tony rolled his eyes. "Just because I don't look like our other Natasha doesn't mean I don't
The point of the matter was that he maybe had the slightest bit of a 'crush' on his teammate, and the last thing he wanted to do was to chance letting anyone — Tony in particular — find that out. Even if he'd heard that Tony was more of a 3 or 4 on the Kinsey scale (he'd had to look that up after he'd heard Clint use the expression, and if there was one wonderful thing about this new century he'd found himself in, it was that thing called 'Google'), Tony had never so much as hinted anything beyond amused interest in him — like he was something to unmask and take apart and figure out how he worked. He flirted, sure, but Tony flirted with everyone, even Natasha (he still wasn't sure how Tony was still alive). It was just his personality. So, any sly remarks or innuendo or lingering touches really meant nothing. Steve wasn't alone in getting those. Everyone did. Even Thor.
"Goddamn it, you can't, can you?" he muttered and folded his arms and Steve laughed.
"So, there's no way out of this? You're forced to—"
"What are you trying to say?"
now?"
When they got to the café, Tony donned a pair of wire-rimmed, rose-tinted sunglasses, and after Happy had pulled into an empty space at the curb, he followed Pepper out of the car and into the small establishment. He started to ask her to stick around for a while so they could soak up the scenery, but she just smiled and checked her watch and said, "I know. Some other time. Board meeting, remember?"
Other Tony stared right back at him. Tony spied a sliver of unease in his dark eyes but he kept his composure as he said, "Uh…no one. Just my mom. She was a… She taught science. Uh, why?"
"Tony," Bruce said and face-palmed, shaking his head as he held his face in his hand, "there's no place for that to come out of. That's the issue here. There's no way to…expel it."
"So, we're stuck," Steve said. "Tony
wanted to get married, they just got married. None of this 'prenup' or 'postnup' business. You just got married."
"Oh, my
"More than you might think," Tony muttered, and Cap smiled at him a little.
"I'm literally taped into this thing," he said and nodded down at his cleavage.
"He didn't mean it. You know he didn't mean it, right?"
"Yeah," Steve said, reading the features listed on the box.
He knew 'White Christmas' in his sleep. He was sure everyone did. It was everywhere, and two years after its release, still hugely popular. And while he was certain the voice that was singing this…arrangement of it, he guess he'd call it, sounded an awful lot like Bing Crosby, and while it
"Are you even listening to me?"
Steve grumbled and waved away some of the smoke she'd left in her wake, and he stood there in the silence of the room, looking down at himself like he could somehow see the changes that had been made.
And then, through the repulsor blasts of his own firefight, Tony heard the sounds of a tussle, and there was a lull enough in the action for him to hear Barnes's voice come through Steve's comm — an angry, animalistic growl that sounded a hell of a lot like, "
But that was totally his choice.
"Why would you desire to?" Thor asked, genuinely confused. "Bondmates are souls that are perfect matches for one another. They are each other's true balance. They are… I believe even on Midgard they are the most desired pairing one can have."
"Like what?" Tony asked because now he was fucking curious even as he caught Barnes's uneasy disgust in the periphery.
"Maybe you needed more time away to 'find yourself'?" he suggested, but the Cap shook his head.
"The..." He motioned to DUM-E with his flesh hand. "You don't really mean that — that you just think of it as an overgrown bucket of bolts. You really like it."
"I think you're overselling it—"
" he asked, his voice squeaking a little in disbelief. God, he hated this voice sometimes.
He shook his head. That wasn't fair. That wasn't fair at all. This was a miracle — his and Steve's miracle — and it didn't matter if it wasn't that same little girl that had stolen his heart all those years ago. Some insane creature from the cosmos had felt he and Steve to be so perfectly suited to one another — to be actual 'soul mates' — that she'd taken it upon herself to give one of them a form that would allow them to conceive a child of their love, the highest and most sacred measure two soul mates could undertake — in her mind, anyway. And they'd conceived with ease — maybe a little
, of all things.
She just hummed, her mouth thin and her eyes flat. "Hmm…I much prefer when the Captain is here. He, at least, hangs on my every word."
"Hey," Wilson said to him, "how'd you even end up on KP, anyway?"
"Wha's that mean?"
, and I had to watch a ridiculously gruesome and bloody movie—"
"I don't know," Tony said and looked down at himself. "I feel funny."
He dropped his phone onto the worktable, and he cleared his throat and turned to his computer and said a somewhat emotion-filled, "Uh, J? What were we working on again?"
"Yeah, well, he just guaranteed himself a tracking chip now. What's our best option for that, J? Neck? Skull?"
"Buck, I promise—" he tried to say, but Bucky's attention had since gone to something on the other side of the room, and Tony followed his line of sight until he found what shiny object had struck his fancy.
said a couple of brisk miles would do wonders for me," he said, fighting to keep from snapping at Steve to put
"Yeah? Well, she's not wrong."
about playing favorites."
got her to eat like a civilized human being."
"I know," Steve said and kissed his forehead. "But that's how I rationalize it to myself. It's not for the baby. It's for you."
Even Thor —
"I guess 'cause we're your best pals, he thinks we'd know this sort of thing. I sat there until six- thirty with him sobbing snot into my shoulder all because of you."
But no one did.
"Eh, I've got this—" He motioned over his figure. "I might as well show it off for as long as I can."
“Oh,” Steve said and drew back some. He grabbed hold of Stark’s jeans and yanked them down to his thighs, revealing the ethereal blue-green sheen of the silk and lace panties Stark had chosen to wear that day.
Tony winced and pulled the phone away from his ear to look at it. The screen turned back on, and Pepper's smiling face stared back at him, a static photograph of a happier time, evidently, and he frowned and tucked the phone back against his ear. "Sorry," he murmured. "I just thought—"
He honestly felt like he himself was some goddess of fertility, like he was Venus or Aphrodite riding on the clamshell (which…was not some sort of god-awful euphemism). There was a horrified little part of him that pleaded with him to stop his musings and not take this any further because taking it in these terms meant accepting it, and he wasn't sure that he could ever accept what that nutcase had done to him, but there was such a thing as making the best of a horrible situation, and—
Bruce shrugged then said. "So, very light bleeding the last couple days?"
Natasha tilted her head in thought. "I don't think that's the only reason it didn't work out."
"Yeah?"
Tony shrugged and waved off his concern. "Don't mention it. Happy to do it. Pretty standard fare with the arm — maybe a little substandard for my liking. You want, I can whip him up a new, better one lickety-split."
"I'm sorry," Tony said and disconnected the power, the lights coming back up again. He went over and reached up on his toes and kissed Steve's nose before he kissed his lips, and Steve put his hands to Tony's hips and rubbed his thumbs over the cloth-covered flesh. Tony saw a funny look come into his eyes, something kind of abashed and wistful, and he tilted his head to the side and said, "What?"
Steve just shook his head again and said, "No, that's not true.
The witch merely shrugged like this bothered her not. "Nothing lasts forever," she said simply and as though there was a greater meaning behind it.
Tony groaned and rolled his eyes. "Why would you even bother?" he muttered and sat down on his side of the bed. He grumbled and wiggled around as he tried to find a comfortable position.
"Are we talking about this idea that she thinks Steve might be a little too dependent on me?" he asked and grabbed a glass from the cupboard.
"Tony!"
"Both."
just nodded. "Wouldn't have asked you if I didn't want you to. You said we're friends, right? In this alternate universe, anyway?"
"Although," Tony continued before Steve could rebut him, "I'm not actually sure which one of us is the 'May' and which one of us is the 'December.'"
it yet. Not really. And it really wasn't something he wanted to think about because, again, if he
— that wanted to believe this was that little firecracker that had stumbled into his workshop once upon a time and had giggled and cuted her way into his confidence to the point that he had somehow found himself wrapped around her little finger in record time. He still, deep down, wanted to believe on some level that this was her, but that Olivia had had a daddy — a daddy that had stormed through time and space to come and get her — and this little girl…didn't. Oh, she did
Tony motioned her in. "Just
"Say night-night to Uncle Rhodey."
Europe, though? No, we're in New York, where it is perfectly acceptable to cut and switch. Don't think you have one-up on me, old man. I was taking lessons in etiquette while you were taking your comfy ice nap."
"It's fine," he said. "Same principle as to when Rhodey and I talk about our MIT days."
But at least it would be out there, and it would be done and over with. There wouldn't be any of this trying to drum up interest — trying to get people talking, trying to make it so that when they finally did make their announcement, the world stopped to take notice.
he? Did he
"The fact that you remember the place is even called that—"
— sinks! Marble sinks, of all things! Pendant lamps with frosted shades high above, a window of beveled glass that looked out over a backyard, a mirror large enough to reflect the entire room at once…
"All right," she said and stood up, that strange sound tinkling in the air. He stole a quick glance at her gown and looked for bells or charms of some kind — something that could be making the sound — but he gave up and shrugged.
he was seeing in front of him, he realized that something solid was the wall of the elevator, which he'd fallen back against in his shock, one hand braced against the back wall while the other clutched at his chest.
"What?" he asked, flat and deadpan, though it masked the spike of inner panic that warned him that Tony was setting him up for a major pratfall.
Rhodey finished putting her hair back into a ponytail, and he stood there and looked at it a moment before he frowned and said, "I can't believe it's gotten to the point that that was not weird at all for me."
Thank god Wilson had made it. At least it would be edible.
Bruce held his hands up in surrender but didn't say anything just as the door opened and the little blonde-haired, brown-eyed girl toddled on through like she'd been there a thousand times in the past.
"Oh, the
fun."
"That's it?"
"Yeah," the Cap finally said, "but I still feel like… I don't know," he said with a disheartened shrug. "Like I'm not doing my part."
So, instead, he put his hands to Tony’s shoulders and kissed his forehead. “Don’t go anywhere. I’ll be right back.”
He quirked his lips into slight amusement and crowded Tony just the slightest bit. He was probably as tall as Steve, but not as broad. Or attractive. "You cannot tell me a gorgeous creature like you hasn't been hit on before," he said, and Tony presumed he was trying for 'suave' but he was more coming off 'smarmy.' "You're probably fighting 'em off with a stick."
"Part of the spell was reversed once the desired outcome was reached."
"Yeah," he said and thought back to Steve's apparent death in the building collapse weeks earlier. "I've been getting that a lot lately."
Tony shrugged. "Someone to bounce ideas off of. I notice you have an issue with pants. Is that something you want to work on?"
do? Ask me what I'm crying about. I tell him. He says, 'Well, you wanted to know! What was I supposed to do? Lie to you?'"
"Yeah, a couple times. Pretty good. Can't complain. Nothing beats the city. Pizza, though?" He scoffed. "Don't even think of trying to get a decent slice in this town."
"How?" Bruce said. "Who? What?" He turned back to look at where the portal had once been. "What just happened?"
Tony supposed, thanks to the Hulk, it was the closest he would ever let himself come to being a father.
, until he spied a small wrapped package on a lower shelf. He pulled it out and saw that it was an Italian sub with a fresh sell-by date, which meant Steve had probably bought it yesterday when he'd been out shopping.
"He's not, which is why he's obviously wrong about this."
Behind him was Table 2, at which sat various pairs of Avengers and friends. There was Thor and Jane, and because Jane had attended that meant Darcy had to as well, and she'd brought…some guy. Hill was already sitting there, her gown a harvest gold kind of a color, a glass of something pinkish in her hand as she raised a curious eyebrow at something Thor was saying. Some nondescript guy was sitting next to her, looking equal parts awed and out-of-place — and maybe even a shade more uncomfortable than Bruce.
Bruce shot him a look of some kind. He wasn't sure what it was supposed to mean. Cap could probably have translated it for him. Cap seemed to have some innate ability to read people's minds and intentions, and he was good about explaining them for Tony. It was probably the one good thing about him — that as much of an ass as he was, Tony could read him in ways he couldn't read anyone else, not Rhodey, and not even Pepper. And he'd only known the guy a month.
called you 'fat,' Tony."
He followed Steve down the hall, Bruce bringing up the rear, and Steve held the door for them once they got to the doctor's suite. They stepped into the waiting room, which, at three minutes after five, was completely devoid of patients. Even the girls behind the window were gone, the only one left being Doctor Ganford, who was looking at something on a computer, her face drawn in seriousness, before she looked up and smiled at her arrivals.
"Yeah? Swell. Get your goddamned hands off of me," he said and shoved against the guy one more time.
to you."
Tony turned to him but continued walking. "You…aren't of the naïve belief that women don't masturbate, are you?"
much like you for her own good."
"Back in my day, they'd tell you to rub brandy on the gums."
knowing that Steve was still alive, he still found himself succumbing to the pain more easily and having a much harder time working through it. He'd begged Bruce to just let him push and get it over with, but upon examination, Bruce had determined he still had a little while to go.
He was stopped from saying anything more by Steve crashing his mouth against his, and when he dropped his jaw in surprise, Steve took that opportunity to slip his tongue in. He squeaked as Steve put his arms around him and pulled him into an embrace, tight and possessive, one hand splayed over his back while the other one cradled the back of his head, trapping him there, forcing him to take what Steve was giving him. His eyes slipped closed as he relaxed into it, Steve's initial bruising kiss turning languid and playful. Tony ran his hands from Steve's narrow waist up his midsection and then around to his back, feeling the hard, firm lines of muscle, and a giggly little voice reminded him that this was
Tony took a deep breath, and he exhaled it after a moment of quiet deliberation and said, "Look, Steve, we really shouldn't chance messing with the time-space continuum too much. I know I've already spoiled a whole bunch of shit for you — and clearly you're a better actor than I ever gave you credit for because I never once suspected you knew about any of this — and while there's some things that I don't think are going to cause a problem if you know them, there's other things that I just
didn't do it—
. It's not a girl. Stop banging that damned drum."
him here."
Tony scoffed. "They already know my general feelings on them," he said dismissively. "But to get back to what I was saying, do I consider
Tony shook his head. "No," he replied earnestly. "Your heart was in the right place. Your head was in your ass, but your heart was in the right place."
he looked attractive, belly and all. Because he knew he looked like a goddamned goddess. And he kind of liked that. Because it was empowering. Because it was invigorating. Because he'd had sex and enjoyed sex many, many,
Tony just cocked his head, unsure of what he meant, and ignoring this 'Wanda' woman's additional warning of them not having much time, Cap crossed the floor to meet up with him just as Bruce and Rhodey exited from the elevator, Rhodey evidently back from his lunch date and
Olivia pulled herself to her feet, that one particular plush toy in hand, and she reached out one small arm and said, "Daddy, up."
Tony huffed and sighed and rolled his eyes. "Look, I don't— I can't explain it, all right? It's just a feeling I have. I know Steve's alive. I know it, and maybe it's because, you know, that lunatic with the magic hands was right and Steve and I are 'soul mates' or whatever you want to call it. God's sakes, Bruce, she turned me into a woman, I think she could tell if Steve and I were soul mates or not."
He dropped his hands from Tony's breasts and moved down to cup his ass, and he traced his fingers lightly over the sensitive flesh and said, "Are you ready for the final round?"
He'd bought it, on a lark, a few weeks ago, thinking that maybe if he had it, it would give him an excuse to get back out there and finally put his past behind him once and for all.
"We could," Steve offered, but Tony shook his head.
Steve motioned to his face. "I know that smile. That's the smile you usually reserve for senators you can't be bothered with or journalists you know are going to distort everything you say."
"Damn," he muttered.
and Steve."
"You already had that coffee this morning—" Steve started to say.
Unfortunately, the yutz didn't seem to get the message, and Tony heard him say, "Now there's a sandwich I wouldn't mind being in the middle of." Natasha broke the kiss, slow and languid and with a smile on her face, and Tony tried to return it, but when he couldn't quite manage it, Natasha frowned at him and said, "Was that not good enough?"
Steve will never, ever forgive you if you harm even one hair on my head."
"Why?"
Tony hummed and said, "Delectable," as he turned his head and brushed his lips against the slight scruff of Steve's unshaven cheek. He mouthed at Steve's cheek a moment, darting the tip of his tongue out to touch at the skin, before he turned his head once again so they were pressed cheek- to-cheek.
"Good. I'll ask you periodically how you feel, but if there comes a point where you feel like we need to stop, use your safe word. What is it?"
"Yeah, I know."
Tony just eyed over the sleeveless dress with the scooped back, and he pinched the fabric between his fingers and said, "Is this a joke?"
"Not that," Steve said with an audible groan. "I mean can I…" He glanced over to the bassinette before he turned back to Tony again. "Would you mind if I…held her?"
Steve didn't know why he did it — or maybe some deep-down part of him did — but underneath the table, he slid his right foot over to Tony and rubbed his foot against Tony's. Tony seemed perplexed at first, frowning and cocking his head, before knowing spread over his face, and he murmured, "Playing footsie with me, are we, Captain?"
Steve looked down, and he thought very briefly about defending himself, but he realized that was wasting precious time, and he shook his head and made his way over to the bathroom, stripping off the rest of his uniform along the way.
"That's sort of my point. He
"Uh…do you like to build stuff?"
" JARVIS said, and Tony and Steve shared a look before Tony took a deep breath and got to his feet.
It was coming up on Tony's birthday.
Jesus, if he was having this much trouble now, god knew what would happen in the next few months.
Tony rolled his eyes again, his fingers grasping the edge of the box in preparation of opening it. "I could actually show you what's in here, or we could debate twist endings to twenty-year-old movies."
"I wish I could take a nap," Tony muttered as Steve turned to make his way out of the kitchen. He stopped and turned back and watched as Tony continued to clean up his mess.
Tony gasped in a breath and closed his eyes. Fuck.
to do it again — by his own choice and not something that was forced on him? To be honest, he'd kind of actually
A switch-off back-and-forth, on the other hand, might be something worth looking into—
they control the Winter Soldier? Or maybe I should say
say about it? Good god, Jarvis — the real Jarvis — would be absolutely appalled at Captain America's slovenly ways.
"You don't like it?"
"Really? It's not weird for you?"
"Fine," he said, figuring it was no use fighting because he wouldn't win against Natasha anyway.
He nodded. "Yeah, I explained it." He jumped up and went over to meet him, and he went up on his toes and kissed Steve before he said, "What's in the box?"
"This is ridiculous," he muttered before Pepper's voice came over the line. "
Steve was silent a moment before he said, "Can I ask you a question?"
"Our marriage? That sounds strange to say. I keep thinking Colonel Phillips is going to pop up from the back seat and have me discharged on the spot."
Tony exhaled a breath and said, "I think you're worrying over nothing. He shows up the same as the rest of them do — when they want something or when they're hungry. You— You're being too sensitive. I knew you were having some physical sympathy pains, but I didn't think you were dealing with the emotional crap, too."
"Because you know I'm right."
technically pregnant with Captain America's baby, and who wouldn't want to get their hands on that?
She shrugged. "I dunno. Friday helps."
Steve just nodded, and Tony could tell he was still fighting with himself over whether or not to believe, and Tony watched Olivia slurp on her bottle a bit more then said, "So,
She paused in thought a moment, her hands stilling like she was trying to thinking of what next to say.
"Yeah, Bruce said you'd get all whiny about it if you found out."
It was stupid to cry about. He knew it was stupid to cry about. There were worse things to cry over in life, and he could still hear his fucking father's voice in his head lambasting him,
, it was whispered — means of getting an heir to the throne even through a man as obstinate as the King himself. These were practices that predated Christendom and had fallen out of favor in the centuries since the conversion, and to some degree, they ran contrary to the teachings of the Church itself. If God had wanted the heir of King Howard to be able to conceive a child, then God would have given the King a daughter instead of a son. A son was to father an heir, not to conceive one himself.
"Are you that disinterested in me that you don't care if I trust you or not? That this can go either way for you and you won't care?"
"Well, baby steps. Not sure I'd be down with being hog-tied right off the bat. But yeah, I think… I don't think I'd be entirely against it." He nestled closer to Steve. "'s long as it's with you."
time, and when he woke up, everyone was gone! And he was sad 'cuz he didn't have anyone. But then he found you and the 'vengers, and then he was happy again. But he's afraid he's gonna fall asleep again and we'll all be gone. Where would we go, Papa? And why would we leave Daddy? I don't want to leave Daddy."
"In theory? No. In practice? I'm sorry, of the people in this car, which one is a) pregnant and b) obligated to see that pregnancy through 'til its natural conclusion?"
Natasha just raised an eyebrow when Tony showed up at her door, bagel stuck in his mouth. He pulled the bagel away and said, "I need some help."
Steve quirked his head at him, and Tony frowned and turned to him and said, "What are you talking about?" He turned back to Steve. "You throw him out of someplace?"
that could twitch their nose or blink their eyes for him no matter what he said. Someone in the whole of the cosmos outside of the Goddess Esmeralda had to be able to undo this spell. Of course, with his luck, they'd fuck it up and he'd end up with a tail or something or some weird hybrid, and honestly, if that was the case, he'd probably stick to being a woman.
"Huh?"
He swallowed and took a breath to calm the thrumming in his veins. Oh, god, he was dying. This was it. This was the end. At least he could say he had gotten to marry Steve. God, did he look fucking
Thor chuckled. "No, my friend, not about that. It is something, I should think, more personal for you."
"You want to draw me like one of your French girls?" Tony said, a somewhat amused smile on his lips.
," JARVIS replied and complied with her order. "I don't know if I like that you can just order my AI around like that."
I have been carrying
"Yeah, well, maybe if I'd lost out on the baby-naming, I'd have to comfort myself with a pool of ketchup, too."
Was that the right word? He'd been able to catch on to a lot about the future these past couple years, and he generally thought of himself as a rather open and aware person when it came to social norms, but even he struggled to keep up with the change of attitudes seventy years had produced — not out of any desire to remain ignorant but because realizing or admitting you were attracted to both sexes was one thing, but identity in regards to that sex was another thing entirely. He'd taken for granted that everyone physically born man or woman identified that way. He always had. He was still working to accept the fact that not everyone felt that way — not that there was anything wrong with it, just it was something he himself couldn't quite understand because he himself had never felt that way.
and crazy space cases that have ridiculous amounts of power they are completely irresponsible with—
"Haven't we already gone over this? You deal with it your way, and I'll deal with it mine."
Steve latched on and squeezed his hand so hard he swore his bones began to grind together, and Steve must have sensed there was something amiss, as he pulled Tony's hand up and looked at it.
," JARVIS replied, and the music started up again, soft and quiet, almost more white noise than anything that could be completely discernible. Tony knew it was something old, which wasn't offensive in and of itself — Steve was old, and he loved him — but it was at least postwar. Steve had very gladly taken everyone's suggestions into consideration when trying to catch up on the popular culture of the last seventy years, and Steve was a music fan, but there were some things — OK, a
"Superspouses?"
"He really didn't mean to do it, Nat. Honest."
"Steve, that's not—"
The Council…did not want to go through that again.
"And people think I'm the possessive one," Steve murmured, but he just reached up and covered one of Tony's hand's with his own.
"Coffee?"
Steve just snorted a laugh. "You make it sound like the entire universe revolves around us."
"But she had it in her mouth."
kidnapped my fiancé and took him god-knows-where — honest to god, Thor threw him over his massive shoulder and carried him out of here like a fucking caveman — and I'm stuck here at home using Rhodey's phone because he doesn't trust me to use my own or even
"Really?" Steve muttered at Tony's word choice, but he wasn't honestly annoyed. Hell, he'd been using the phrase himself lately.
have a price on my head from Hydra after this, but I don't think we have much of a choice left. If this doesn't blow over by this weekend, we may just have to bite the bullet and admit the truth."
"No," Barnes countered with a curt shake of his head. "What I said was if you really wanted to put up with Steve's high-and-mighty act, then be my guest and make the purchase."
, under any circumstances, want to join you for a threesome. And before you try to parse my words and say I have something against threesomes, I don't. Not my thing, but I don't care what anyone else does. And you two are looking for something to spice up the bedroom, which
It was from Sam, and Sam was usually a little less cryptic and a little more detailed than that. He sighed and dropped his phone and his keys on the table by the door. He didn't really have time for this. He'd run the class a little late if only to torment those seniors that thought they'd be able to breeze through the class with no effort, and he didn't have much time in between that and heading up to the museum for his evening security shift.
"I think we were the only college students playing old-school
." He turned his attention to the detractor and said, "First of all, I am pregnant — I am quite noticeably pregnant — so
But now that he was so suddenly given a
JARVIS was oddly silent for a moment before he said, "
He glanced back to the table and saw to his horror that there was no one there.
Tony spun on his heel, fire in his belly. "
Steve exhaled a breath, but there was a twitch of a smile on his lips. "Yeah? And what's that?"
She frowned and tilted her head, and she kept Thor's gaze for only a moment before she directed her attention to the men standing beside him, seeming to actually
you didn't show them the same adorable bashfulness or the same wonderfully dry sense of humor that you showed me."
"Yeah, Dream-date Ken? It's not a child so much as a thing about this big—" Tony held his fingers a little over an inch apart, "—that is
He got nothing but tired groans and shaking heads in return, and he shared a look with Steve, who shrugged like he didn't know what to say, either.
— time he'd ever needed him to.
Natasha nodded but didn't say anything.
He just nestled his head closer and waited for Steve to continue his thought.
He whined a little and said, "Come on, Steve! At least let me wear it for a little while. It's the least you owe me after that douche-bro shit you pulled."
"I don't know," he said quickly, cutting off Steve mid-ask. "I really don't—" He reached out and brushed his hand over the top of Olivia's bald little head. "Being stuck in this body hasn't exactly been the
followed in quick succession by another one, and Tony said, "There. All done. Was that so bad?"
Steve laughed but said, "I don't think you're supposed to have coffee."
He almost wanted to tell Tony to put his money where his mouth was — he was half-hard again already — but Tony just pulled back and held up the flute glass again. "Here," he said.
" she asked, confused by his word-choice. "You imply there's some amount of danger to be had."
In fact, he did, commissioning a trusted acquaintance (all right, someone Pepper recommended to him) to take what amounted to a family portrait of Steve, Tony, and Olivia with Steve reclining on the couch, Tony tucked into his side, and Olivia resting tummy-down on Steve's chest. One of Steve's hands rested protectively over Olivia's small back while his other arm was wrapped tightly around Tony. Tony had one hand supporting Olivia's bottom as he leaned into Steve, and Steve's head was turned, his lips pressing a soft, gentle kiss to Tony's forehead.
Natasha reached out and put her hand on his arm. "Nothing," she said and gave it a squeeze. "You just voiced the complaint of pretty much every single woman since the dawn of the modern era."
He groaned and banged his fist against the panel. Whose side was JARVIS even on, huh?
Steve and Tony just blinked at him in unison. At least, Tony figured it was in unison.
stop with the 'Captain' when I'm—"
that team. This Tony Stark couldn't even be bothered to lead his own company. Which was just as well. As far as he could figure, that Miss Potts seemed to be a much more capable and talented leader than Tony Stark had ever been. This Tony Stark wasn't even trusted to be on the team let alone be entrusted with its function and mission and purpose, and quite frankly, Steve didn't
She held up the photo IDs. "These are all photos of Tony Stark." She set them back down again. "
Goddamn, Charlie horse!"
Bruce shook his head a little more — evidently still disheartened by Tony's insistence that their team leader had not perished in battle — then said, "I want to keep you down here for a little while longer. It's easier for me to come check on you when you're down here rather than up in the penthouse."
"Anyone else awake yet?"
"Huh?"
"I'm leaving you for Thor."
for Olivia's sake — but he wasn't sure the Cap would see it his way. And Bruce was right. She totally expected for him and the Cap to act a certain way, and she was savvy enough to catch wind of the fact that something wasn't quite right between her daddy and her papa—
"Well, that would only be a problem if a) you hit on one of those names and b) that—" he nodded at Tony's abdomen, "—is actually a girl. You've assured me time and again with nothing to back it up except for a piece of paper on the fridge that we don't even
Steve had looked up from his menu as soon as Tony had uttered the word 'asshole.' "Tony, stop," he said looking equal parts saddened and incensed. "That's not true."
like it was the right name. At all.
"Well, that's not very nice, is it?" Bucky mused, and Natasha shook her head and muttered something else that Steve didn't know the translation for. Thor smiled and said, "You are very lucky, my friend. Your little one is much-loved."
"Seriously?" Steve asked with a laugh and tugged a little at the strap on his right shoulder like he was trying to see for himself.
"I know," Tony said and went over to one of the older models that weren't sensor operated. "Just give me a sec—"
. Putting on something like this and getting you to get that look on your face like you've blown a fuse is
Steve wasn't convinced, jaw set and a hardness in his eyes like he was angry at himself for something. "But you shouldn't — you shouldn't break down into
Steve grimaced, and he scratched at the back of his head and said, "Yeah, uh, I just— I don't have much experience with kids. I don't really know how to—"
"I'm not going to use that as an excuse to jump to the front of the line. We can wait our turn like everyone else."
"I got the last one."
Steve did nothing but grind his teeth together some more. Tony could see it in the amber glow of the passing streetlights.
He pulled away before Tony could let himself get too lost in it, though he still cradled the back of Tony's head in his hand, and he leaned forward and bumped his forehead against Tony's and murmured, "You will
God, what a weird way of admitting that Tony was right about something.
Instead, he opened up a new file and began a new armor project and told himself the last two days had never happened.
"To be fair, I
"I mean, my name did at least come up, right?" Jim continued, and Steve couldn't gauge if he was joking or if he really wanted to know that he'd at least been considered by Steve and Tony. He threw a look to Tony for guidance, but Tony almost looked like he'd been caught-out before he recovered and said, "Uh, yeah, obviously."
This...was...where Tony kept it...right? God, was he one of
Steve snorted a laugh. "How altruistic of you."
"Yeah, that… Yeah," he said with a nod and got to his feet. He reached down and squeezed Tony's shoulder, and then he was gone to the elevator and out of the penthouse.
"Pep, she just showed up out of the blue—"
Steve twitched at another
"'m sorry," he murmured as Steve took the discarded wash cloth and began to swipe it over his body.
"Sure," he said and rolled his eyes. Whatever the nutcase believed. And then, because he was a glutton for punishment and not above contradicting himself in record time, he said, "Everyone was telling me Steve was dead, but I didn't— It was like I could still
Tony snorted a laugh and shook his head. "You're fucking nuts. You— There is probably no one under seventy that would agree with you. Actually, no, scratch that. There is probably no one under seventy that would even
The little creature just tightened her arms and rubbed her face in his pants, and Tony was certain he heard something that sounded like a fucking sniffle— Oh, great, was she getting slobber on his clothes?
"Language. And she likes to kick the back of the seat."
"No, you won't." She patted his hand and added, "You come from a long line of
"Because he knows how much you hate what's happening to you," Wilson said.
to your child at the time, I'm gonna say I had the rawer end of that deal."
"You're the toddler," Sam said, and Bucky nodded in agreement.
Steve sucked in a sharp breath, a pathetic attempt to calm his nerves and keep from thwacking her with one of the wonderful mounted canvases Tony had bought for him, and Thor — wonderful Thor — grinned and said, "I shall leave you two to your work," and departed, Steve not even able to get a word out before he was gone to the elevator that seemed like it was waiting there for him.
"Wait,
"Uh, that's what I have
Through Steve's comm, he heard something in muttered Russian, and then Steve exhaled a relieved breath. Tony presumed that meant Barnes had dropped his arm.
Maybe she was.
, Captain Smart-ass, 'bout three-and-a-half years now."
"It's not that—" Steve started to say, but Sam shook his head and folded his arms.
Wary, distrustful, and wondering how long it would be before the dam broke, Steve sat down on the edge of the couch, giving himself enough room to jump into action when the need arose. Tony just shook his head and muttered something about '
Steve quieted his laughs, but there was still the remains of a small smile on his face. "Yeah, but I mean it. You… You're my equal. You're my balance. I've never…I've never felt that before with anyone. I never even thought about it in those terms before. Seemed kind of hokey, actually. But with you…it's not so hokey."
"You will always have your bonded. Perhaps not in physical form, but you will always have your bonded. You are forever entwined with one another."
"Which would be swell except I'm
"Yeah," Steve said, almost like he was taking Barton's words into consideration. "Why?"
about that. They will gladly foot the expense to make that determination all on their own."
"It's in a good place," Barton said and bit into the buttered slice of toast.
An anomaly that somehow kissed and smelled and felt just like his.
, and who even said he
"You know what."
"What? So? We're currently in the process of taking in refugees from the hospitals. Just tell someone to bring some of that shit over here when they're coming!"
"I guess I can deal with the brat until we figure out some way of getting her back home. I know how I felt when I knew my old man didn't want me around."
"Are you implying something—"
"Wait,
"I wasn't the one putting tape on the girls," Natasha said and gave him a knowing look.
"Yeah," Steve said and didn't even attempt to hide his laugh. "Turns out there is such a thing."
"Can't keep anything a secret in this place," he grumbled then righted himself again. "Yes," he said, "it's been suggested to me that it would be a good idea. I don't know why. I can tell you things are fine. Things are totally fine. I'd be the first person to know if they weren't. Trust me. As was assured to me by some space fairy, this thing inside me dies, I die, too, and—" He put a hand to his abdomen to feel for anything, and almost on cue, he felt a little thump. "Yep, still living."
as other people. Like Pepper and those
"Great," he muttered, oh-so-thankful to be reminded of that on Christmas Day of all days.
"Well, no. Rhodey is and will always be my strudel bite."
"Yeah— Wait, what? I mean, how did you know that was what I was going to—"
about. He wasn't even sure how that was possible. Had their personalities been similar in any way, he might actually have begun to wonder if he truly had somehow had a vision of the future — of
Tony put his other hand up to match, ran both hands from his abdomen up to his breasts and then back again, and went over and climbed atop Steve, straddling him at his waist.
Tony spun on his heel and stormed over to the elevator, and JARVIS opened the doors immediately. As soon as the doors had closed, Olivia's face screwed up into hurt and fear, and she took off running.
Tony snorted out a laugh. "Are you kidding me? I
"I mean, you don't have to, I just...wouldn't be opposed to them."
He chugged the remainder down, tilting his head back to get every last chocolaty drop, and he set the glass down and belched then wiped his mouth off with the back of his hand and said, "Going to work on some more of those specs for Pep. Not that anyone cares where I am, but if anyone asks for some reason, that's where I am, and I do not want to be disturbed.
"Family?" Steve asked Ella, who motioned to the photograph.
" the commentator cried out, and Tony wished he could say he was surprised at how brazenly hateful the man was about the whole thing. It was like he had taken lessons from David Welch but lacked his intellectual flair for reason and subtlety. Good god, this man clearly was awful if he'd made him resort to thinking positive thoughts about David Welch.
This time, Natasha was on his right and Barnes on his left. The sensation of Barnes's metal arm holding his leg back was…different, maybe even a little uncomfortable, and Barnes himself really seemed like he was trying to look anywhere but, well, where the magic was happening. He
Natasha just inhaled a breath through her nose but said nothing.
"You don't know, Tony. You might like it."
"Wha's that mean?"
But Steve let out yet another firm exhale of breath, and he put his hands to Tony's waist and said, "Let me go find out what's going on first."
The doctor shot an understanding smile at Steve but turned her attention back to Tony and said, "While I'm sure your husband was very thorough—"
"Wait—" Wilson said and sat up some, "—
"Hell of a way to treat your family, Stark," Barton said, shoveling cereal in his mouth as he sat perched on the back of the couch. "You know if we never spent any time here, you'd whine to Cap and JARVIS that nobody liked you and nobody wanted to play with you."
He exhaled an annoyed breath and said, "Fine."
"Exactly," Steve said. "This isn't well-worn territory. Would any surgeon know the first thing about…that? About removing that? About not doing anything to hurt you in the process? I'm not letting you die on an operating table."
Steve rolled his eyes then came around the station and grabbed a chair. "Did you seriously not see it?" Sam asked as Steve logged in his info.
Tony sighed out a breath, and instead of saying anything, he went over and put his arms around Steve's shoulders, cradling his head and pressing a kiss to his crown.
art, necessarily. You could teach it."
"Special delivery downstairs with your name on it."
the fussiest of eaters.
He nodded. "Yeah. No offense, but I'm not really sure why I'm here with you in 2015 instead of them. Shouldn't I be with them?"
"Yeah, but it's still my voice," he said around the food. He chewed a few times and added, "S'not like we can have an actual
Recognition dawned on Bruce's face. "When Tony conceived. When he was a woman, I mean."
Bucky was playing innocent when Steve got back the security desk, so Steve sat back down and decided to let sleeping dogs lie. They sat in quiet for a moment before Bucky said, almost like it was an afterthought, "By the way, while you were jerking off in the john, your boy left."
"Yeah, bullshit," Tony muttered and wiped his mouth off, standing back up after Wilson had muttered something about 'the princess' getting his fat ass off of him and shoved him off. "I still remember that bullshit you pulled at the cabin. You're not a goddamned mama bird."
But Steve was irate, pacing, running a hand through his cinder-strewn hair, and he turned back to Tony and said, "I had him! I fucking had him!"
"Really? Already?"
Natasha ducked her head and began to make like she was sucking at the side of Tony's neck, and Tony… Tony…
"Got it," Rhodey said with a slight nod, and Tony turned toward the direction of the living room and called out, "Livvy, dinner!"
Tony shot a glance toward the living room. "Just trying to get a timetable in my head. That's all."
Steve side-eyed him and gave him another smirk but again didn't say anything, and Tony speared a cucumber slice to add to his fork with the tomato and said, "OK, seriously, how mad are you at me? Really? 'cause this whole quiet, nice thing is kind of setting my teeth on edge, and I'm waiting for the ball to drop."
"The point is, man, I love you. You're like my brother. But if you dick that man over again, Imma have to go all Jackie Chan on your ass."
Tony listened for a second and frowned at him. "Lynyrd Skynyrd? Really?"
Tony groaned. "She's four months old—"
He flexed his fingers around the bag of coffee beans he held in his hand, and he sniffled and wiped at some tears that had collected at the corners of his eyes, and as he scanned the counter for
Steve just stared at Thor, but Tony rolled his eyes and said, "Yeah, that doesn't make any— First of all, what the hell does this 'bonded' thing mean? And Steve and I are bonded? How the hell are Steve and I bonded?"
that was the case. I'm able to make a hypothesis based on careful observation."
"Breakfast."
Barnes made a face and glanced back at Wilson. "Wait, did you just say 'special brownies'?"
Thor just continued to frown at him, but there was a flash of something like sympathy or understanding or — god help him — an idea in his blue eyes, and Steve went to ask him what he was thinking about, but Thor just squeezed his shoulder and said, "I'm sorry, my friend. I interrupted you when you were about to make your way back to spend time with your family. I shall leave you to that now and take my leave."
"What's a Jarbus?"
"Hmm?" Tony asked and looked up at Steve just as Olivia dropped her hand from her mouth and began to fuss a little in his arms. "Oh, right," he said and turned back to the baby. "I was about to get you something to eat, wasn't I?"
He got upstairs — he'd actually never been up here; this was Tony and Pepper's…OK, probably now just Tony's domain, and he hadn't felt right about intruding — and tried to follow the sounds of a four-year-old on the loose.
He bristled some and stared at her, and she arched her eyebrow a little higher, if that was even possible, daring him to counter her. Which... Yeah, OK, but so what? There was nothing wrong with it, and besides, he thought it might be...fun for a change. Or something. There was nothing wrong with trying out a tight blouse and a tight pair of jeans.
He let his hand drop from Steve's mouth, and Steve reached up and kissed him. Tony closed his eyes as their lips met, but he still heard Wilson mutter, "Ugh. Looks like I'm joining the Diabetes Club," just as several more footsteps announced their presence, and Steve and Tony broke their kiss to see Barton and Thor stomping onto the jet, Barton with his bow and quiver and Thor with Mjolnir.
He scoffed. "No, I didn't."
"Dunno." He directed his next statement to Olivia. "Maybe we should see about getting you some clothes, huh? And maybe some furniture to replace the stuff that, uh, disappeared."
, Tony felt
, like this? Like this body full-time? Since January. I mean, there was that week back in November, which is how this—" he patted his belly, "—happened." He pointed to someone towards the front. "You."
Tony sniffed and said, "Yeah, well, we'll just see which one she's playing with in a week's time, and I don't think it's going to be the one modeled after an antique."
"With bells on!"
"I mean, you have everything that Howard had from what he'd built up or from what he'd gotten from his parents. You've got what
"Yeah, well, you're lying—"
"He has good taste then," Steve said and bent his head to brush their lips together. "Feeling better?" he asked after he'd pecked a gentle kiss to Tony's mouth.
happened to Tony Stark."
I'm attracted to, I think, your mind and your soul and your heart, and the body's just…
"Tony!" Steve called out, but Tony just clomped down the loading ramp, and just as the hatch began to close, he took off into the sky, switching the communicator off and telling JARVIS to tell Steve to go fuck himself when JARVIS intoned that Steve was trying to message him.
Tony matched his hint of a smile. "Look, what I meant to say before I was so rudely interrupted was that I know I can be an ass, but I'm just… I'm not looking to sell you out here. I'm just curious."
Tony flipped the bread over to cook the other side. "What made you decide on French toast? Wouldn't cereal have been easier?"
Steve just shrugged. "What can I say? I told you before. I love you no matter what you look like. Whoever you are, whatever you want to be, I only want you to be happy. You're still the Tony I fell in love with, and if we really are 'soul mates,' I don't think that's ever going to change."
"No! No! It's fine. It's only nine-thirty here. Night is young. I'm not that old yet."
"I'm not
He woke up the next morning feeling like a million bucks (well, maybe billion, in his case), refreshed, rested, and alert. For the first time in what felt like forever, he didn't have that annoying wave of nausea that hit him as soon as he sat up, and he stretched out wide and yawned and slunk into the bathroom to take care of that morning's business.
But fate didn't allow him that, and maybe she wasn't his right partner after all. Maybe he didn't have one. Maybe his right partner had been lost to time — someone he hadn't even had the chance to meet because he'd downed a plane in the Arctic to prevent disaster.
" the same woman asked, sounding annoyed by the very thought of it.
"Uh… Hey, why don't you settle in and take a nap, yeah? You're going to be cranky if you don't."
"That
"Maybe I'm just a nice guy. You ever think of that?" he asked and turned back to them. "I'd do it for either of you."
types) that didn't play well with others. The character — or maybe it was more the
is the Winter Soldier."
Thor stood from his chair and grasped Mjolnir from the table. "That, I do not know."
"You're just mad 'cause I used them the right way," Steve replied, but there was the hint of a smile on his face, so Tony knew he wasn't entirely put out by what he'd said.
"Sounds like a vow," he said.
Tony blinked at him. "
"Do you need me to kick his ass?" Rhodey asked. "Say the word, Tones, and I will kick his ass. I don't care if he is Captain America. He's not above reproach."
"Shit," he muttered and dropped his fork, and he went to just scrub his mouth off with his napkin when he remembered he was wearing makeup, and so he grabbed the little travel mirror Natasha had given to him with the words,
"Come on, Tony," Steve heard an unfamiliar female voice say, which he took to be Pepper's, and Tony whined a little before Pepper added, "You can play with your friends later. You said you would help me with this."
"If that's what you want to hear," he said, "then that's what I totally will tell you."
The next voice he heard was not from JARVIS, however, but from Steve, and a broken voice at that.
"Don't have a leg to stand on, Stark." He turned his attention to Steve. "Your better half over here got hit by an EMP and got knocked out of the sky. Probably fell a good hundred feet. In a dead tin can."
There was the span of a roadway separating them, but standing there on the other side of it, looking unwashed, unkempt, and maybe even a little unnerved was the elusive James Buchanan Barnes. Steve stood motionless as he stared at his long, lost friend, almost like he was afraid that if he moved a muscle, it might spoil the mirage.
Steve just sighed a little, and he shook his head and said, "It's not— They're not—"
But Tony ignored whatever was going on there, and he exhaled a breezy breath and said, "Crazy sorceress from the cosmos. Thinks Steve and I are 'soul mates'—" he used finger quotes on the expression, "—and claims that 'soul mates' have some innate urge to be fruitful and multiply. But because Steve and I are two men, she decided to help us with our 'problem,' as she saw it, and—"
Or until they finished fucking each other silly. Whichever eventuality came first.
"Did something happen?" he asked, not liking the tone of Tony's reply. "Don't I speak to them? I mean, my kids would be older than you, wouldn't they? Did I have kids?"
Tony hummed a little, and he reached out and ran his fingers through Steve's damp hair, and he said, "Well, as much fun as this was—"
"What? For what? What could they possibly—"
"Yeah, I get that, but that doesn't mean that
"Yeah, anyway," Bruce said, clearly like he was trying to change the subject, "why did you want me down here again?"
"I don't know," Steve said with a sigh and a shake of his head. "I don't— I know you're not—" He let out a heavy breath and shrugged. "I'm sorry, Tony. I know I don't…have to worry about you running off with Buck—"
"That'd better be Italian. I'm craving Italian like you wouldn't believe."
in love with Tony.
"What?"
"Of course it worked. Why wouldn't it have worked?"
"Yeah," he said and took another bite.
"Yeah? I'm not sitting here and rubbing my bloated stomach and telling it how much I love it. That's just weird."
Tony groaned and rolled his eyes. "For the love of— You're a fucking
"No, I just like it," he replied then quietly sang along to the 'and this bird you cannot change' line which…seemed a lot more fucking fitting than either one of them probably wanted to admit.
He took another breath. In. Out.
more to it, I'm sure, than just masturbating," sounding like she couldn't believe she actually had to say those words.
"Took a hit. It's OK."
"Yeah, man," Sam said, "even the Colonel knows what a spoiled little princess your baby mama is."
"Doubt it," Steve said. "Nat and I have discussed this. We don't think there's 'one' Hydra any longer. Just—"
"Looks can be deceiving, as they say. Buy me a cheeseburger, and I'm yours for life."
"You're the one that's afraid of what the press is going to say."
"Sweetie, the word is 'another.' We're not making
"How would you even know that?" Tony snapped as Steve pulled away from him and began to look something up on his phone.
"Yeah, but—"
"We haven't?"
our…um…our
He adjusted Tony's position a little, spreading his legs just a little bit wider, pulling him back to better position him to be able to take him. He pushed the hem of the negligée up over the curve of his ass, and Tony felt Steve push into him. Tony moaned and grunted with it, grasping hard to the headboard, and Steve worked his rhythm a few times before his hands moved back to the swell of Tony's abdomen.
— but just for this, I want to… I want to try it. I want you to be my Antonia. It won't— If you're worried that I'll want you to
"But we're a team, Stark," Barton said. "Like the Musketeers. One for all and all for one. Hey, Cap, what was that cheesy rallying cry you were thinking of trying out? 'Avengers-something,' wasn't it?"
"Two 'signs' that are scientifically unproven," he replied, pulling the glass away from his lips and setting it back down on the table.
"Which is a fancy way of saying he's a spy," Sam said.
a girl."
He hit the button to play the message and all but groaned as he heard Clint's voice come over the line.
He paused his thoughts and grinned at Tony.
"I did," Steve said and brushed his lips over the crown of Tony's head. "But I mean— I'm OK with this, too. Besides, it's a boy, and that's what we wanted, right?"
She chuckled a little and said, "Well, what I mean to ask is have they ever determined that the serum is present in bodily fluids? Saliva? Blood? Semen?"
establish that you kind of
This piqued Steve's interest, and he raised an eyebrow and sat a little straighter and said, "Something wrong?"
"Dude," Wilson said shot a pointed look from where he sat behind Barnes, "he makes 'special brownies,' and I
"Really-really," Tony said. "Legal and everything. License on file for us — even had one of the clerks perform the ceremony for us."
"It just is, Steve! I don't have time to explain— Shouldn't you be out looking for your pal?"
Tony let out a choked laugh, and before he knew it, they were in each other's arms, hugging, snuffling and telling each other how much they loved each other. They held onto each other a few more moments before Pepper pulled back, and she dabbed the tears away from her eyes and said, "So, how're you feeling? OK? You look good. Was she
"What? Why?"
Thor just reached out and pulled the hammer off the table, setting it instead on the floor beside the
"Wait,
"This is something we have to work on. You know why?" he asked and traced his fingers over the cloth-covered flesh. Tony shivered at the touch. "That's why," he said like it explained everything. "You are incredibly sensitive on your belly."
"Yeah," Tony said, holding metal fingers to the stinging prick in his neck. He tried to take aim with his other gauntlet, but he suddenly couldn't seem to focus the way he needed to. "Guess you guys really fucked that one up, didn't you?"
"OK, you do know whatever information is in this book can be found much more easily online now, right?" Tony said, and Barton shrugged.
"Oh, thank you," Steve deadpanned. "I was afraid there for a minute."
my goddamned due-date, and look at me, Steve!" He motioned over himself. "Still pregnant!"
But that wasn't his Cap — well, not
Tony motioned to the tablet. "I don't know how I'm supposed to relax now that I—"
He vomited until he gagged, and he flushed the toilet and rinsed his mouth out and wiped away the tears that had streamed down his cheeks. No, he wasn't crying again. The force of the retching just did it to him.
He met Bruce's gaze, staring at him, glaring at him, almost daring him to continue his train of thought.
Steve leaned forward and put his hands on Tony's shoulders, kneading his fingers in gently. "Tony, honey, listen to yourself. Think about what you're really saying. It's… I know it all sounds great in theory, but in practice, it's… You're talking about having a baby, Tony. You, an adult, human male. And not just that but a superhero. An Avenger. You really think bringing a child into this is such a good idea? They'd have a target painted on their back from day one."
"Where'd all this stuff come from?" he asked as Tony groaned a little and realized he'd forgotten the pillow he used to tuck under his arm and provide some support.
Tony jumped up and moved away from him. "Yeah, no, if you're just going to pull that shit again, no, there's nothing to listen to. You are
Steve motioned back toward the living room. "You mean the ones in there watching that... weird...Christmas thing on TV?"
"I've been running around this place wearing tanks and yoga pants. Not all that different from what I normally wear. Maybe it's why I haven't gone crazy yet. But no, I was thinking, I could wear a dress."
"It's a boy," Tony said and rubbed his belly some more. "Trust me. Brucie
Tony sat back in his chair, folding his arms and nestling them beneath his breasts, grimacing slightly at how tender they were. "So," he said, "you guys just decided to start having these little group-meets but not invite me and Steve to them —
, Tony. About where you are. About whether or not you're
"I didn't say that."
case, that might be a
"Yeah, and sad news, mugwump, I'm kind of a one-fella-at-a-time kind of guy—
In principle, this was kind of stupid only because he could afford to buy the entirety of whatever baby store chain was
Tony shrugged and picked up his mug. "Santa's the one that spent a year in art school but didn't even think about trying to disguise his handwriting." And then, he changed his voice a bit, almost like he was mocking someone. "
"Anyway, I saw him, I thought, 'Oh, right, I need to talk to his pal Barnes about something.'"
He blinked and went to ask what her game was, but she just winked at him coyly enough that it would have gone over the other guy's head and said, annoyance lacing her voice, "I thought it was just about you and me tonight? Isn't that what you said back at the house?"
Tony nodded. "Then you understand my point. I'm not the same, you're not the same, and your pal is definitely not the same. We're going to help him, babe, believe me. We're going to get him to some point where he's OK. But it's going to take time, and helpful as I know you like to be, you might not be the best one to do it. You're too close. He needs someone that doesn't have as much invested — maybe someone that's even been through something similar."
Steve laughed a little. "It was worth a shot."
as good as it looks. I know what you
"Wants it?"
"Leave him alone, Clint," Natasha said. "This whole thing can't be easy for him." She nodded at Steve. "Or him, for that matter."
"You're too fucking good to be true sometimes."
"My daddy?" he asked and tried to remember if there'd ever been a time he'd called Howard 'Daddy.'
"I don't think that's what plagiarism is."
think you're still trying to comprehend it?" Tony muttered.
—and blew on the candles.
"What? I've heard Cap say that word a thousand times before," Barton said, and when Wilson and Natasha voiced their agreement — and even Barnes seemed to indicate Steve's knowledge and use of that word went back farther than any of them could have imagined — Tony said, "Steve does not like me to say that we
started."
"Yesh," he said, spitting some of the food out. "Fuwck."
"How do you mean?"
"If I turn into a fucking hippy because of this…" he muttered and pulled a bowl out of the cabinet and a spoon from the drawer. He poured a generous serving of the product he'd always thought would be better called 'crunchy granola crap' and then went over to the fridge to get the milk.
"What?"
"You fantasized about doing it with a dead guy?" Barton said.
He swallowed. "OK, oh-enlightened-one, and what about Steve?"
He nodded, lowering his gaze to the hand that was held between Steve's.
He put the car in park and shut off the engine, the garage door closing of its own accord. Steve got out of the car — once again almost strangling himself with the belt — and Tony followed suit, reaching back in to snag the baby and the diaper bag. Tony walked around the back of the car and led Steve into the house, which was dark save for the tree lit up in the living room, and Tony set Olivia down and crouched down to her level to pull off her hat and her mittens and her coat, once again spinning her out of the coat to do so. She toddled into the living room after that, and Tony hit a switch to turn some table lamps on then went over to the coat rack and hung up her tiny duds.
"News certainly travels fast," he said. "I have a dozen messages from people that claim to admire and respect you telling me to tell you all sorts of bullshit stuff for shits and giggles." He 'hmphed' then stuffed his phone back into his pocket. "Trolls, all of them."
Steve merely shrugged at him. "Up to you, honey. You remember what I told you back when this whole thing started."
"Could… Could say she died," Steve murmured and set the baby on his shoulder then began to pat her back, though as Tony leaned forward to catch a glimpse of Steve's face, he saw Steve was staring at the table ahead of him with a faraway look on his face.
Tony nodded his understanding and went about changing into the pajamas Steve had brought for him. He yawned again and sat down on the bed when he was done, and he stretched a little and thought about sitting up and waiting for Steve, but the bed was actually comfier than it had originally looked, and he hadn't exactly gotten four hours of
"Don't mention it. Just remember that I expect the same from you. Not that there's a chance that anything like that could happen, but— Wait, what am I talking about? Is your best friend being turned into a Soviet assassin any more far-fetched than me being turned into a woman?"
Steve could actually see the mask sliding over Tony's face, his jaw firming and his eyes going a bit hard and cold. But only a bit because beneath that hardness lay hurt, and Steve knew he wasn't imagining the way his eyes had gone a little wet.
"Yeah, sure," he said and went to tell Tony how he took it, but Tony just went about fixing up one of the mugs with the creamer and sugar, and without a word, he handed the finished mug over and took another bite of his bagel.
"Yeah."
"Mmm…the director evidently did. I really thought overnight television had gotten better than this," he mused and pulled up a channel guide.
"I think in this case, Tony—"
Tony just shot him a perplexed look, which was matched by half the table, and Hill said, "I wasn't sure how…comfortable you two are with the whole…" She made one of those 'leading' motions with her hand, like she was trying to buy time or draw the word out of someone else. When no one spoke up, she cleared her throat and added, "Parents-to-be…thing."
Bruce burst out laughing. He couldn't help it. The revulsion on her face and in her voice was too funny for words. "They do, do they?" he asked through his laughs.
He reached out and grabbed his soda. "Yeah? Well, you weren't in there, so clearly, you don't know. I was. And, as it turns out, there are women out there that would gladly have your super soldier babies and are totes cool with the world knowing that."
"No, honey, you can sit," Steve said and leaned down to kiss the top of his head. "You want something to drink?" he added and nodded his head toward the bar.
"Is it Italian?"
"Filthy, old man," he murmured and carefully shifted the baby to his other breast, feeling that one was kind of tapped out.
"It's healthy."
But then, maybe he wasn't being fair. The Barnes that had done that
"With
"Yeah, don't think so, Atlas," Tony said and pushed him back down by his shoulders. "You stay on that fucking bed until you're ready to come to your senses."
Tony opened his mouth to snark that Steve made it sound like he weighed a ton, but opening his mouth only led to another yawn, and Steve chuckled and kissed his forehead again.
"Steve, she's
"I don't mean them," he said. "They call me 'princess,' for god's sake. I'm sure they'll call me 'mom' until the end of time."
"How long have we been together again?"
"He's absolutely
"The fact of the matter that I'm even
"They didn't actually grade you, did they?"
Natasha froze in place, and Tony squeezed his eyes shut and waited again for the feeling to pass. God, he swore these fucking things were getting more and more intense, and the fact that all this pain was because his body — yes, his body whether he wanted to admit that or not — was preparing itself to push an entire person out of it was, if he was being perfectly honest,
Tony shrugged. "It hasn't really hit me yet. I don't feel all that different, so any discomfort I can chalk up to the flu or a stomach bug."
"Fellas do it. Why shouldn't dames— broads—
"Uh…sure."
Steve just closed his eyes and said in a quiet and calm voice, "I'm going to pretend you didn't say that."
Then again, the answer was right in front of him. "She's from an alternate universe."
Steve got stuck slicing after that, handing out portions to everyone, including Bruce, who was saying something about 'refined sugars' but took the slice that was offered to him anyway and gladly shoved it down his gullet. Honestly, Tony was too busy stuffing his face to really care. It was a good cake, honestly, tasting as good as it looked, and Tony was tempted to contact the bakery and ask them for the contact information for the woman that had deemed it not good enough for her own wedding. He figured, at the least, she deserved a 'thank you' of some kind for being such a hard-to-please pain-in-the-ass.
He tried to murmur, "Tony, no," in response, but sleep had just about won over, and he finally drifted off into dreamland, a soft, "See you in seventy, babe," bidding him his bon voyage.
choice, but he was pretty sure he could blame hormones for it. He
"Even if it means giving up what you still believe is your calling?"
"What facts?"
. I can do this because I know I've got you at my back one hundred percent. And, if I'm being completely honest with myself, I'm…kind of
Tony exhaled a breath. "Steve has no problem discussing the concept of 'fucking.' When it comes to me and him, however, he insists on calling it 'making love.'"
Romanoff just shrugged like it was par for the course and she'd attend out of her obligation to the team. Thor was most delighted and wished to know if he would be able to bring his fairest Jane.
Steve frowned at him. "What?"
Barton just chuckled and said, "Gotta be prepared for anything and everything, Stark."
"Did you ever think maybe that this is…"
time… God, childbirth was an experience he wouldn't wish on his worst enemy.
. Maybe I just
Bucky burst out laughing, and Sam shook his head and said, "You're an ass, man," and Steve frowned between them and said, "He's not coming, is he?"
That was something he should have known, and had it been anyone else going through this, he would have had it figured out the moment after the test had come back 'positive.'
"Yeah, don't count on it," Barton said.
And no, he did in any way, shape, or form envy this other Tony's happily domestic life. "How 'bout eggs?" he asked as he looked over the bare necessities stocked therein.
She made a hand motion at him, the sort that said 'wait a minute!' then said above the engines to Tony, "When did it start?"
"Pep, sweetie-pie, you've really got to calm down. You're going to give yourself a stroke or an ulcer or something."
"Your pal's trying to teach himself some chords, and the other three went to scrounge up some more instruments so they could have a 'jam' session. Not sure if any of them know how to play a musical instrument, but it makes them happy, so who am I to judge?"
They arrived back to a house tastefully illuminated in those tiny Christmas lights, and when Steve turned to ask who'd put them on, Tony said, "They're on a timer," as he pulled up the driveway and into the garage. "Come on at a certain time and go off at a certain time. Saves us from having to plug them in and unplug them later. I could just wire the outlets to work with switches, I suppose. Maybe next year."
Steve laughed and dropped his hands then steered him over to the sink. "Fine. Clean up. Then get changed and cuddle up." He went back over to the toilet and flushed it for Tony, and as Tony pulled out his toothbrush and the toothpaste, he added, "When I get back here, I want to see you comfortable and curled up on the couch and fast asleep."
"I'm not through talking yet, Steve! I'm not even going to bring up what you did to my wrist. But tell me, Steve. Tell me I'm not just a replacement. Tell me you're not seeing some cheap, fucking replacement for Howard or Peggy or
coffee!"
," he whined, arm thrown over his forehead as they lay there in bed, "we've done it. We've tried it. It's not working."
Again, few of the words Tony spouted made any sense, and so Steve opted to ignore him. He eyed up the snow-covered road ahead of him. The snow plow hadn't done that swell a job clearing it, now that he thought about it. "How do you have any control of this car? I didn't see chains on your tires."
Pepper laughed. "
"Tony, relax," Natasha said from where she sat on the couch. "You're going to wear yourself out before you even get started."
Wilson just laughed some more and shook his head before he turned to Steve. "Shit, I am so bummed I can't stick around to see how this plays out, but you know how that crew gets when they're hungry— Actually, no, you don't yet, do you?"
She thought he was the best.
"After we clean it," Tony said just as a half-track barreled in from out of nowhere and began to make the journey away from the bunker. He swore under his breath and began to follow it away from the camp. "We don't need this shit falling into anyone else's hands."
Steven?"
"Yeah," Steve murmured and brushed the wet hair out of his eyes. "Come on. Let's finish getting you cleaned off. You're getting soap all over."
"Tony, it was Hydra—"
"Well," she said, dabbing a cotton ball with some nail polish remover before she went about cleaning up the side of Tony's toe, "they have to set, and then I thought I'd give him a manicure, too."
"Yeah, you told me that, like, two hours ago, and I haven't seen you since."
Tony glanced over to the table. "Is it Italian?"
Steve rolled his eyes and folded his arms while Sam snorted a laugh. "You really think Cap would let you get within five feet of the princess like that?"
"Look, Tony," Bruce said, and Tony looked up at him. "If it makes you feel more comfortable, I'll do it. I can go over and do it for you. Just as a warning, Denise would have to be in the room, too, but I'll be the one to actually perform it on you, OK?"
"Is he here?" the guy asked, seemingly undeterred.
"You got it, boss," Hill said then tilted her head to the side a little and said, "Did I hear there's a picture?"
Steve just blinked and rubbed the bridge of his nose but didn't say anything.
"Do you guys seriously hear yourselves?" Tony asked Dumb and Dumber as another person showed up in Natasha's apartment, and Tony glanced back to see a contrite-looking Steve letting himself in. His eyes were trained on Tony until something in the periphery caught his attention, and he stopped just to the side of the couch and looked over at where Barnes was still sitting on Wilson's lap, 'contrite' turning sober and serious.
"How did I get this lucky?" he murmured more to himself than to Tony.
"I just fucked that all up at the end, didn't I, J?"
Wilson groaned and muttered, "It's nine o'clock at night, man!" while Barnes said, "I told you. I'm not even sure I want to—"
Oh, and also wanted by Hydra because this was the child of a super soldier and a goddamned living legend.
He stretched languidly in the bed, working out muscles and kinks he hadn't realized were in such desperate need of relaxation.
. I can't…
Steve raised an eyebrow. "I know Hydra's in the business of making weapons and trying to find new and interesting ways to take me and the other Commandos out, but whatever they've got going on here seems a little excessive and odd even by their standards."
Tony blinked at him. "Uh? One
Warmth surrounded him, soft, comfortable warmth. He stretched his legs out and recognized the sensation as being tucked into a bed. He stretched his right arm out and smacked against something hard that his mind took to be a bedside table. Whatever was atop it, probably a lamp and an alarm clock and other sundry items, rattled from the hit. His other arm was curled around a form — a human form — snuggled up against him, and Steve opened his eyes and looked down to see a messy, dark head using his chest as a pillow, an arm thrown over his abdomen as though to hug Steve. His arm still around this person invading his space, he spread his palm out flat against the person's back and felt over the sharp angles of bone and muscle he found.
Tony scratched at his jaw. "Yeah, well, wasn't sure how well our hedonistic new millennium sensibilities would mesh with your old-fashioned 1940s Norman Rockwell values. You're not yelling at us to repent our ungodly ways, though, so I guess that's a good sign."
He huffed out a sigh. "I said
Tony frowned. "You're not mad?"
"Just for you, babe," he said. "Come on. I've gotta get this suit on the 'jet so I can power it down and go get ready."
Steve just laughed and said, "What?" as he looked down at himself. "You don't think it's good enough? I picked it out myself."
the meme, all right?" he said and pulled his phone from Tony's view and turned to show Hill, who took one glance at it and rolled her eyes in disgust. "I just found it. Don't shoot the messenger. Or don't take the messenger's job away from him, at least."
"I shouldn't be here," he muttered. "Not with you. Not—"
"I believe your exact words were: 'They don't like it? Fuck 'em.' Swear to god, you almost gave Barton a stroke when you said that. Funniest fucking thing I ever saw."
"Any idea what these words are?"
But Tony couldn't leave well-enough alone, and he turned back to Steve and said, "Take it back."
Did they just want to go out that afternoon looking exactly as they did? No disguises, no trying to sneak around, no trying to throw people off the scent. Did he want them to go out — to an
Barnes just shook his head like he couldn't even imagine it and was very, very glad it wasn't happening to him.
we should explore our options and think about a leader that's not so…compromised by…certain entanglements."
"Yeah, no, you're not," Tony said and swooped over the compound, aiming a few more blasts at the last remnants of Hydra agents. "Get him out of there and get this place cleaned out."
"I was just thinking…"
," she said, though from the tone of her voice, it was most certainly
Steve snorted a laugh and adjusted the baby on his lap, her small arms waving up and down even though one hand was still in her mouth. "Oh, yeah, that's a real hardship there for me."
Tony raised an eyebrow. "Babe, what exactly are you trying to say?"
"I was so
"Tony, what's wrong?" Steve asked again.
Tony pulled away and rolled over to where he'd left them yesterday. "Still a prototype," he said and snatched them up. "I'm thinking it might make more sense to embed them in your suit," he added as he rolled back over to her and held them out. She took one in her hand and turned it over, inspecting it, though he suspected she was merely looking at the aesthetics and not the actual technology of it.
"Papa, are you OK? Unca Bruce says I broked you. I didn't mean to. I'm sorry."
"You don't want people breaking in to your house, change your locks," Barton said.
She nodded. "Yeah, he was s'pposed t' be workin' on 'venger stuff, but we were coloring instead."
~*Decidedly
He took another gulp as JARVIS said, "
The giggle in his mind worked its way into his throat, and Steve hummed and pulled back a little, lessening his hold on Tony but not completely breaking it as he said, maybe a little embarrassed, "I really wish you wouldn't do that when I'm trying to do this."
"Please stop," Bruce whined from the back seat.
"I just— Because I don't want to say, yeah, OK, that's totally going to happen and then when it doesn't— Look, you didn't spend any time with her, so you—"
you—"
Christ, was he
"It's not—"
"We may have to come out and tell people the truth. Are you going to be OK with that?"
you don't meant that," he murmured, brushing his fingers from one hip to the other. Before Tony could say or do anything, he broke away and gave Tony the sweetest, most innocent smile he could muster.
"There's a built-in voice modulator. I haven't really used it since the beginning. All I have to do is keep the faceplate down and turn the modulator on and no one will know."
Barnes sucked in an uncomfortable breath at that but said nothing, and Steve said, "Can we presume they're not done?"
Well, sort of. That future Steve had looked pretty bruised and bloody, and there was clearly some sort of chaos on the other side of that portal. But he and Steve were evidently still together and still happy, so he counted it as a win.
Tony raised an eyebrow at them. "Are you defending him?"
"No."
He shrugged and stood up to grab a tablet, casual, like he wasn't about to put his heart out on his sleeve for Steve to, quite possibly, stab, maim, and destroy.
"OK, cutie pie," he said and shoved the phone into his pocket. "Uncle Rhodey's right. It's time for you to go beddy-bye."
"Boo-bear, what are you talking about?" he asked and yawned, and he made a face as that fucking nausea came over him again. "Oh, come
"Feel better?"
Steve stayed quiet a moment before he nodded and gave Tony's arm a gentle squeeze. "I know," he said. "I know all that. I just—"
"Thank you, JARVIS," Steve said and pulled open the cabinet door to find precisely what he was looking for. He pulled out the container and set it on the counter and said, "You know, sometimes I don't understand your papa," as he closed the door and went to grab a clean bottle. "Personally, I think the premade stuff would be so much easier for everyone, but he doesn't trust it. I don't think he really trusts this, either, and if he had more time on his hands, I think he'd either try to create his own formula or...well...try to produce it himself again."
"A while ago," Steve said breezily. "You just…pointed out that most of my appeal comes from…"
She huffed and rolled her eyes. "Papa, I eat ketchup with my eggs!"
things are going to work out for us until at least 2018."
on the cabinet?
Rhodey made a slightly hesitant face and said, "Nah, I'm good, Tones. Besides, I've actually got to be leaving pretty soon."
"I really don't think it would be that bad."
' sort of way, and the Cap was quiet for a moment before he said, "Excuse me?"
He set his coffee down on the table and went over to scoop her up. She squealed in delight and babbled something, and Tony cuddled her close and blew a raspberry against her cheek and said, "OK, kiddo, time for a nap."
Executor?"
"Well, then why don't you go take a shower if you think it'll make you feel better?"
anything before the baby was born. He hadn't said anything about not
He nodded. "She woulda liked you."
"Hmm?" Wilson said. "Oh, we came to see how things are going. Making sure Stark's not crying into a tub of gelato or something."
Wilson scoffed and said, "Sometimes, I wish
"Yeah, well," he said with a painful and tired groan but didn't elaborate or defend himself. Instead he asked, "Where's everyone else?"
Tony blinked at exactly what Steve was implying, and he said, "Uh, they're called cesareans."
"Uh, you're having a girls' night, and you didn't even think to invite me?"
and sometimes I just... Sometimes I just feel a little too old for you, all right? Are you happy now?"
"Yes," Steve replied with a curt nod of the head.
long before he was a disgruntled annoyance in his father's eye?
"What? No!" Steve said and gave a quick, curt shake of his head. "No, I— You're choosing to do this? You're choosing to stay like this?"
Tony stared at him a moment. "Uh, OK. That's…good? I wouldn't want them to leave him—"
A woman. For the rest of his life.
Tony frowned at her, perplexed — seriously, who told her about those stupid competitions? He never had — but Natasha shrugged and said, "Eh, a little of both."
Oo-kay, maybe best to lay off those thoughts for a little while, he decided as he pulled out of Tony, his dick slipping out with a decidedly vulgar squelch. He could feel renewed interest stirring within him, and given the absolute...pounding...he'd just given Tony — oh, god, he hadn't hurt him, had he? — maybe it was best to take a break and give Tony some time to relax before he did anything like that again.
"Well, if you'd rather not go, then I guess—"
He thought about this a moment then said, "Happy might have had to fill out a couple forms for me."
"She's too young to appreciate it anyway."
"Yeah, you heard that nutcase, right? She's not done with us. We're going to see her again."
Other Tony hedged a moment before he exhaled a breath and said, "David Welch."
"Evidently either some alternate or some future self of yours." He nodded at Olivia, who had — was she standing on DUM-E's chassis?
He broke his gaze with Steve, and Tony watched as he looked over to Natasha, who stared right back at him, something like pain and understanding coming over her face before she was able to school it away in a sort of blasé calm again.
" Natasha said. "
Tony swallowed the bite and said, "I'm hungry, all right? You get anything to drink while you were out?"
He closed up the file on Tony Stark and sat back in his chair, staring at the peeks of early- morning sunlight slipping in through the blinds. Whatever that dream had been, like he'd told himself once upon a time, it wasn't worth dwelling on a fiction, especially now that he knew how fictional it really was.
"Hey, Mommy."
Tony exhaled a breath. "I wish you hadn't done that, babe."
"Gone where? Say, you wouldn't kick a fella out onto the street on Christmas Eve, wouldja Mister?"
Olivia, clearly, was unhappy with this, as her previous fussy whines turned into an all-out cry.
"I do," Steve said, sounding a little proud, as he put his hands on Tony's shoulders and gave them a gentle squeeze.
"You did," Rhodey agreed.
," Barton cut in. "
Tony stopped just outside the building, and he held the door open for Steve and ushered him in. Steve stepped in, surprised by how…not exotic it looked (he'd only ever been inside one Chinese restaurant in his life, and they had definitely played up the exotic aspect of it). There was a cash register just inside the vestibule, and a man in a leather jacket was standing there watching and waiting as the cashier rang up what was evidently in the several cardboard boxes sitting on the chairs to his right.
"Nat gave me an override to use. Hopefully, it works."
"It's OK, Steve. You want some. Take some."
"No," Tony said and snuffled as he sat back, pulling the V-neck of his sleep shirt down and unhooking the cup. "I can do it. It's already warmed up this way."
He watched Steve stuff his face for a moment before he said, "I specifically asked for Coke."
anything?" Tony said before Natasha could respond. "You get free room and board in fucking Midtown. What more could you
," JARVIS replied, and Tony rolled his eyes and sped up toward the falling red, white, and blue blur, and as he got within reach of him, he grabbed him by the waist and clung to him, pulling him up and away from the ground they were a little too close to.
"I wasn't
Steve tightened his folded arms and shrugged. "If they ever figured that out, they never told me."
"No," Steve replied, his voice like ice.
"Hey, I told him the same thing about you."
Tony pulled away a little, trying to keep his voice relatively low in the reverberation and echo of sound that bounced off the old walls of the terminal. "Uh, was
"Huh."
knew what he was talking about. Instead, he just smiled tightly again and kept quiet.
"Not when he's not here." She furrowed her brow and considered him. "Why are you calling him 'Cap'?"
"No," he said, gritting his teeth as he attempted to find the purchase to allow him the right leverage to push himself upright. "I have to do this myself."
