"I've seen it before."
Tony could stand on his own, and walked when someone lightly pushed him along. Flying the armor was out of the question, so Steve requisitioned a quinjet.
"Daemon. Not evil," Parry's smile was sympathetic. "There isn't a proper word in English -- in this universe, really -- to fully explain. Consciousness, or soul comes close, but not quite."
"As you say, " JARVIS said.
"Nice," she said in distaste. "That woman can kill a man in ten different ways without a weapon, and you call her nice." Her eyes went soft. "Steve..."
Bruce's eyebrows shot up. "He said he had to commune with the greater powers."
Bruce hesitated for a long, long moment. He'd been standing off to the side, looking vaguely pained. "It's... all a little unbelievable, to be honest, and this is coming from, well, me." He sighed. "Doctor Malone has been upfront with her research, but she has decades of data on dark matter -- what she calls shadow particles. I can't begin to sift through it in only a couple hours."
Bucky sighed, crossing one arm over his metal one. "How long do you expect this trip to take?"
Bucky met his gaze briefly -- they'd have a few things to hash over together before Steve left, but the general meeting was over. Clint broke off to speak to Thor and Natasha.
She held up her hand. "I know. None of the directives technically falls within the perimeters established, which gives me some wiggle room."
Steve had a very vivid image of Clint shooting an apple off the top of Tony's head to see if he flinched, like a demented William Tell. "Hawkeye--"
There was no answer.
Steve bristled. "Every doctor here has poked and prodded him, and they all say the same thing: he's fine. He's
Thor was the one who answered. "We track Tony's connection back to Amora."
There were ghostly shapes deep with inside the stronghold. Enough to make up a miniature army. And there, past bits and machinery spitting magic sparks that Steve could not begin to understand, stood a snarling fox. She was smoky black and gray, with points of orange extending out from her feet and ears. And she was ringed in by a living cage of what Will had called the spectres.
On his shoulder, Grace squeezed her talons. Absently, he reached up to scratch her softer neck feathers. Who was he kidding? He was about to suffer, too.
Still frowning, Steve did what he was told and breathed in, deeply, and out. The smoke tickled at his nose, but seemed to do nothing other than that.
"You love him," Parry said, quite bluntly in Steve's opinion. Steve gave him a sharp look, but Parry was unrepentant. "I can see it in your eyes, whenever you look at him."
"Theory is an intern either leaked the video, or it was hacked out of a doctor's personal database."
"Excuse me, Dr. Banner," JARVIS cut in, and Steve stiffened, hoping Tony wasn't going through another fit. "There is a Doctor Malone at the front desk along with one additional guest,  requesting to see Mr. Stark."
SHIELD medical personnel had been buzzing in and out, withdrawing blood samples, hooking Tony up to machines, disconnecting him a few minutes later, wheeling him out for MRI, CAT, PET and whatever other scans they could think of, bringing him back, rehooking him up to IV's, heart-monitors...
for Tony, but it didn't mean he was blind to that fact.
They'd hooked Tony up to an saline drip, but that had been awhile ago, and Tony had fought an entire battle before that. Steve had directed him to drink once -- had held a water cup to his lips. Tony swallowed the first gulp, but the rest had run out his mouth and down his chin. Feeling vaguely embarrassed, Steve hadn't tried again.
Natasha slid up next to Steve and calmly said, "Override, Romanoff, Alpha Eight Beta Tango."
Tony was more than happy to comply. Closing his eyes, Steve let himself sink into the taste of him, his touch. Three months in and they were still very much in the honeymoon period, but Steve knew they were building something that would last.
"That was the longest time I've ever heard him be awake and not speak."
"I know you can't stand hospital chic. We should get you back in your own clothes."
"Who is this?" Steve asked.
His words felt just as empty as Tony's eyes.
The wise man pushed Steve to sit and went off to the other side of the hut, muttering to himself and pulling herbs out of jars and baskets.
"Nice shooting, Tex," Tony said, sarcasm heavy in his voice.
"What happened?" Steve asked, turning track to join her.
Bucky threw both hands in the air, looking at Steve as if his point was made. "Long shot doesn't even begin to cover it. We don't know if this wise-man can help Tony."
Tony screamed.
"Tony had two more of his..."--
"Good evening, sir," JARVIS greeted as the glass door opened.
The wise man's bat daemon came over to flutter around, but not directly touch, Steve's head. Grace again clicked her beak but did not strike out at the other daemon.
Bruce frowned. "I once attended a conference where she was a speaker. She's a physicist -- had some interesting theories on dark matter particles. Who is her guest?"
Will gave him a sad smile. "Of course I will. I did not say I was leaving completely. Nor that I would not help."
There was a beat of silence, where Steve felt more than saw his team exchange glances with one another. "If you're Asgardian," Steve called, "then you're a long way from home."
“Not alone, though,” Grace said, worry tingeing her tone.
The elevator dinged open onto Bruce's floor, and Steve saw at once that the steel reinforced doors of the safe room were firmly shut.
"Sir," JARVIS' voice came from the speakers, echoing off the gym walls as Steve's fist hit the punching bag with a solid THWAP. He'd been at it for hours -- sometimes it even made him feel better.
"Now," the wise man said, "Describe to me again what happened to your friend."
There was a crack of lightning and a roll of thunder so close it shook Steve to his molars. Suddenly, a woman stood hovering fifty feet over the Avengers. Dressed in a shimmering green gown, she was a curvy looker with blonde hair and vivid green eyes Steve could see even from the ground.
It was just about the last thing Steve wanted to do, and he felt his cheeks heating in a blush, but this was for Tony's sake. So he nodded and retook his seat, gesturing for Thor to pull up another chair, and made himself recount what had happened. All the ugly truth of it.
--Tony recovered, he just wasn't the type to forgive easily. Steve lov-
“I'm sorry," Steve said wetly. “I let Amora hurt you…"
Tony took one look at the vast, barren desert over the rim of his sunglasses and wrinkled his nose in distaste. “Not my idea of a relaxing vacation, Cap.”
She spoke again. "Tony... he tried to get away, but they were over and above, all around him. They closed in." And suddenly Steve could see it in his mind's eye: Malevolent shimmers in the air -- at least a dozen of them coming to Amora's call and drifting around Tony. An air of hunger. Steve took in a sharp breath full of smoke.
Once he was well, there was a very good chance Tony wouldn't want to have anything to do with Steve... and Steve... he wouldn't blame him. Not one bit.
"We don't know if he has truly lost his daemon yet," Will gestured back to the open doorway. “Come on, he is stronger than he looks."
Steve took the pliers and held the piece up to his eyes. There was something… very wrong with the edge as if he could not quite see even with his enhanced vision where the edge of the knife stopped and the air began. "What does it do?"
Bucky's smile had too much darkness to fully resemble the man he'd been before the war, but it was a good enough echo. "Because deep down inside, you know we're gonna find a way to pull him through." He took a long pull of beer. Then, "So... Stark, eh? He's not as bad as his father."
It didn't matter. The damage had been done.
Tony's lips were slack and cold. Unresponsive. Steve drew back, searching for a look of outrage. Or maybe just a flicker of recognition.
I'm not 100% happy with this chapter, buuuuuuut I feel like the narrative is in danger of being overworked if I keep picking at it. (On that note, I totally welcome and encourage constructive criticism. Even if it's anon. I'm only looking to improve my skillz.)
"You can tell that from, um, looking at him?" Bruce asked.
That night, the four men and Kirjava slept in an Asgardian style tent that was more like a pavilion.
"It's a lead," Steve said. "It's the
Bruce gave Steve an 'I told you so' look. Steve, with a sinking feeling, didn't disagree.
Steve let out a long breath and glanced at Natasha, who looked equally grim.
"No, no. Not
"Who I loved." He kept his eyes firmly to the purple flames.
Thor hesitated then inclined his head to Bucky. "Depending on his mood, we all may be imprisoned."
Pepper hired a nurse to keep watch on Tony during the day, to lead him to the bathroom every two hours, clean him, keep his goatee neat, and prepare food and spoon it in his mouth as if he were a child.
Something about that pinged in Steve's mind. Yes, it was like Tony was empty, a shell of the man he used to be, almost as if something had been--
“Are you sure you two are up for this?” Tony asked, suddenly sober. “It’s going to be a tough walk.”
"I assure you, it has legitimate scientific backing," Malone said, "You know I've experimented with elementary particles. I have evidence -- and I'll be happy to share with you -- that they are self-aware to an extent. More, that they are actually
"In that world -- the world of Cittàgazze-- they appeared as... sort of malevolent whisps in the air, but not all universes hold to the same rules. For example, there were worlds where people routinely talk to their own daemons, where they exist outside of themselves. Not inside, like here." Perry tapped his own chest, over his heart.  "It may be that in this world, the spectres can't be seen."
They came to a small, dome-shaped home at the end of the main lane. It was smaller than all the rest, set low to the ground. A trail of smoke drifted from the top, and there were tufts of grass growing out of the thatch.
"TONY!" he yelled. He flung his shield at Amora, but it bounced off the spherical shield just like Clint's arrow had.
The bald eagle regarded her for a moment. "Grace," she replied in a bright, surprisingly pleasant voice. "Our Ma always said that was to be our name, if Steve had been born a girl."
Mary Malone was a short, athletic woman, her cropped hair gone gray. The man standing next to her was around Steve's perceived age, with dark hair and a serious expression.
But deep inside, try as he might, he couldn't imagine it. Even if--
“Yes," Steve said.
"He made his medical wishes legally known in case he were unable to make those decisions for himself," she said, almost gently.
Steve didn't. At least, not completely. "Then..." he said, looking over to the blank and quiet Tony. "Without your daemon, you were like him?"
Steve looked at the wise man. "What do I need to do?"
Thor moved to the side of the rainbow road, toes to the long drop-off. "I will return shortly with the chariot," he said. He swung his hammer in a quick arc, then flew up and out toward the glittering city.
"I'm sorry," Parry said again, and Steve had to glance away from the pity in his eyes.
"Yes," Steve said. "We should have." Then he reached his hand up to the part of him that loved and grieved for Tony, with every thump of their heart. His fingers encountered a strong, feathery back. Sable brown feathers and a proud white head.
Steve took in a sharp breath. "That's not the same."
"Game boss," Tony corrected. He'd dropped in altitude, now hovering about twenty feet above the ground, palms pointed towards the building greenish clouds.
"What do the kids say nowadays? Awkward."
," Will said. “Whole, the knife could even cut through to new universes, but this shard is still very deadly. It may be enough to ward off the spectres, if Amora has control of them."
"They sure looked like a fraction of
Without anyone agreeing to it, Tony sleeping bag was set next to Steve's.
"We did a complete medical work-up," Bruce said, and the look on his face told Steve exactly what his answer would be before he said it. "There were no changes from any of Tony's baseline readings across the board."
Distantly, Steve sensed the horror and pity of the visitors, but all his attention was on Tony as he repeated the words to him that had almost become a mantra: That Tony was all right, that he was safe now... Come back to us.
A spectre?
"And then?"
Tony rolled his eyes, but in the next second, he was in Steve's arms and they were kissing, their bird and fox daemons voicing their approval out loud and in their hearts.
"Tony!" Steve yelled. "Are you alright?"
Steve was at his side in a moment, grabbing for Tony's clawed hands before they could reach for the arc reactor. Tony thrashed wildly against him, kicking out, half his blows missing because he wasn't actually aiming for Steve, wasn't really looking at him at all.
A cry of rage from a woman's throat went up, shaking the air, Steve did not pay attention to her.
"Okay, I've had enough with Glenda the good witch." Tony darted towards her, repulsers at the ready, but only got a few feet before he gasped and lurched back in mid-air. He turned tracks, firing upwards, only to stop short again. One gauntleted hand pressed over his arc reactor. "What the hell?" he gasped.
Steve’s only goal was Tony. He rushed forward, shield in one hand, a piece of the subtle knife gripped in the pliers in the other. Several of the ghostly spectres broke off from the living cage and floated with menace towards him.
Tony stood, completely unaccompanied, on the very point of the out-thrust landing pad. The toes of his bare feet hung off the edge.
Bruce muttered under his breath something that sounded suspiciously like "smash".
Tony drew one ragged breath after another, slumping back unselfconsciously against Steve. Releasing his wrists, Steve touched under Tony's chin to bring his head around, tried to look in his eyes. "Are you with me, Iron Man?" he asked half-hopefully. Maybe now...
“All we need is a sweat lodge and half-naked tambourine players,” Riri the vixen added.
And there was no sign of Amora or her shadowy minions. None at all.
"I'll pick out something from your closet. The cranberry silk is your favorite, I think?" Pepper said.
"In you, Steve? Never."
Steve shook his head. "No."
Steve held his wrists in one hand and moved behind him, gripping Tony back to front. Tony writhed, and every breath he let out was a ragged cry, full of pain and fury.
Steve understood, then.
The doctors were talking idly about the possibility of a stroke, and several more tests they'd like to run. One mentioned having good results with electroconvulsive therapy in other catatonic patients, another replied that Tony's medical proxy would never allow it. The camera zoomed in on Tony's face, his empty expression. Then the video cut out.
Thor nodded. "Indeed, she was of my mother's court, born of a respected family. When we were younger, there was talk of us being wed."
"Not worth it," Tony declared through the comm lines. "This isn't even remotely worth my time, Cap. I had a meeting to attend. Granted, it was a yearly fiscal meeting, which is even
"Will and I are different," the cat said, which was no explanation at all.
"I'll think of something," she said, which wasn't a real answer, and her smile was sad. "Just like old times again. Our stock is going to take a dip."
Suddenly a shield-like sphere around her flashed into life as an arrow cracked into it.
"Oops," Clint said wryly, and nocked another arrow.
The line from his heart led to what Steve thought was a vast mountain range, but what Thor said was an illusion. He set Steve down at the base of the mountains, spun up the hammer until lightning crackled all around, and brought it down. At once, it was as if an invisible shell in the air cracked.
Instinctively, Steve turned to Tony, a comment on his lips, something like, "
His searching gaze was fixed on Tony's daemon.
His stomach sank again, but he forced his expression to keep neutral. She was going to blame him -- and really, she had every right. If he'd kept a lid on his feelings, if he'd been the Captain -- the friend he was supposed to be, none of this would have happened. He could take his lumps for it.
Bucky, of course, noticed his distraction, swore at him, and told him to go home. "We got this, Steve. Get your tail outta here."
"I know," she repeated. "I
It wasn't like he could go outside anymore, not unless he wanted to break through the throng of reporters camping out by every tower exit in the week since the news broke.
"Tell me about these spectres," Steve said.
"He's Iron Man. His life is already extended by the arc reactor--"
Flying with Thor and his hammer was not nearly as comfortable of an experience as flying alongside Iron Man, but Steve could bear it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s just a few miles,” Tony said. “A walk in the park. And we’ll all be waiting on the other side for you.” He gestured to Riri and Grace.
Thor nodded solemnly. "We've come seeking wisdom to learn how to return the daemon, and mend what has been broken."
Bruce frowned. "And you've been there? How? The amount of energy required to transfer--"
Steve couldn't believe what he was hearing. "And you've been holding them back?"
Will smiled wryly. "This is a shard of a dangerous weapon — perhaps, one of the most dangerous in this or any other world.”
"The thing is," Bucky said, derailing that train of thought, "You gave me a chance -- you believed in me when no one in their right mind would have. I know I'm not 100%, Stevie, I probably won't ever be again. But I'm a damn sight better than I was."
could just go back in time and sock him in the jaw." Steve paused at that second, distantly aware he'd said something odd in that phrasing, but not able to pinpoint what it was. He shook his head, eyes half shut, staring into the fire. "But Tony, when he's really talking to you, when he's not giving you the For The Press smile, when he's not thinking three or four steps ahead of the conversation you're still having with him, he's the most generous, kind, infuriating man..."
Steve ran his hand back through his damp hair, ignoring the urge to grip it and maybe yank a tuft out. "You watched the surveillance video."
Bruce met Steve as he walked into the tower's common room, fresh from a shower. Thor was there, the hammer set gently on the coffee table before him.
Thor shook his head. "He decreed Anthony was not to be seen by the palace healers, but there are others, wise men and women who speak to their
"Doctor Parry has offered to come to Asgard with us," Steve said. "We'll have Thor, and Tony will have the suit in case we need to get away in a hurry." He turned to Bucky. "That's three Avengers already, counting Tony. Buck, I need you to stay behind and lead the team, especially if Amora shows up looking for trouble."
Steve straightened his shoulders, steeling himself. "We'd be grateful if you could shed some light. So far, our medical team hasn't come up with much."
Steve set Tony down on one of the pillowed benches, where he lay, sleeping.
"No," Will said.
"How much sleep did you get last night?" Natasha asked.
Malone started speaking of deep space telemetry, photographs developed with special emultions, and other things above Steve's pay grade. Turning from them, he looked to Tony, who was sitting up in the same position where Doctor Parry had put him. A vacant shell. What had Bucky said the other week?
Worse, later that day there was a call to assemble. Steve would have given anything to finally knock some answers out of Amora, but it was only rogue AIM bots causing minor subway damage. Bruce had stayed behind to oversee more of Tony's medical tests in case his change of behavior meant something that could finally be detected.
"Quite," Malone said. "Other universes. It was..." she smiled a look of wonder, "quite extraordinary."
"We used to watch the bald eagles nest over the Brooklyn Bridge, remember?" his daemon said. "Remember that time Bucky was playing rough, and we fell off the pier? I became a striper fish until Buck jumped in after to get us, but I always liked flying better. Even when we couldn't breathe right, we could fly."
There was a harsh intake of breath from behind them. With a sinking feeling Steve turned to Tony, who was still sitting up, but gone tense. Sure enough, he'd begun to breathe hard, his eyes focused somewhere in the middle distance. Another fit was coming on.
"I'm coming with you," Bucky insisted for the third time. "Steve, if you're going to Asgard, you're gonna need back-up."
She nodded briskly. Then again there was that strange hesitation. "He's... not going to be alone tonight, is he?"
Even now, seventy years and a whole new world later, Steve was a little ashamed to admit he screamed his head off in the vita-ray machine.
The cat lifted a paw to pat the air before Tony's chest. "Here," she said, "I saw only briefly. The connection became alive again, thin as spider-silk. I think they are still together in a way, Will. They've been ripped apart, but she's still alive."
Then Steve joined Pepper, who was waiting outside the bedroom.
In his weak moments, Steve had let himself fantasize about undressing Tony, but never like this. This wasn't sexy, it was economical, and Pepper certainly hadn't been in the room in his fantasies (well -- to be truthful, there was just the one, and it made him blush a little to think of it). Uncaring as he was stripped to his skivvies, Tony put his limbs where Steve moved them, into rich red sleeves and pajama pants. He was a mannequin. A living doll.
Natasha, Clint, and Steve looked at each other.
Tony stiffened briefly, unused to touch, before he wrapped his arms around Steve.
No answer. There hadn't been so far, but he had to at least try.
A moment later Steve heard the sound of thundering hooves. Dozens of them. Then, around the corner from the city came a small figure, quickly becoming larger. Steve squinted, not sure if he should trust his eyes. Oh, the chariot made sense to him, though it was golden and flaming, and as ostentatious as Thor himself. The heard of goats leading it... not so much.
"Are you--" Steve started.
"Wiggle room? You're talking about--" He cut himself off, couldn't even say it.
"It's a good name," Will said.
"What do you mean?" Thor asked. "This enchantment will occur again? To others?"
Again, Steve gazed out over the barren land. This was not any normal desert. Will Perry said it was one of the few places a person could go where their daemon could not follow. “I’ve been through worse.”
Amora smirked. "Know this, Steven Grant Rogers," her voice was thick with malice, "his suffering is your doing." Then she closed her fist.
“Tony," he breathed, jogging up and looking him up and down.
Bruce turned to him, the flush of his cheeks taking on a green tinge. "The last person does his own self-dentistry. He claimed the mercury Tony has in his fillings caused his 'memory loss'. The one before that was actually a reporter with fake credentials. So yes, Captain, I'm being stringent with who gets access to Tony. Can you blame me? Although--" he hesitated. "JARVIS, is that Doctor Mary Malone?"
"You ask how to mend the break, but not tell me how it was done?" the wise man asked, incredulous.
Until that moment, Thor had been silent. He rose from his seat and stepped forward. "I do not understand your reticence, Captain. Would he not be well taken care of in such a place?"
"Amora the Enchantress," Thor murmured.
… The way that Tony had fought him, blindly… His mind had not been in his body at all. It had been with this daemon.
But when the wise man spoke, he heard his voice loud and clear.
Steve wasn't sure he believed a word, but the look in Parry's eyes made him shiver. "If this is true," he said, "how do we get Tony's back?"
"Steve," Bruce said quietly, at Steve's shoulder. He turned, and Bruce gestured him to a more private corner of the room. Stress was lining his eyes even more deeply -- he looked tired, having worked harder than anyone else on the team to find an answer for Tony. "I know you're hoping to find a cure in Asgard." Bruce sighed. "And I admit, Malone's research is compelling. Just... don't pin all your hopes to this."
Steve took a deep breath. It was on the tip of his tongue to not exactly say yes, but to agree -- tentatively -- to a trial run. He would be sure to tour any facility first. Stay with Tony the first few days, make sure he was settling in, tell him over and over again even if it seemed like Tony wasn't listening, that this wasn't a permanent home. That he wasn't being forgotten about. He could picture it now -- he would visit as often as he could, and drag the others along too. Until they found a cure.
. Instead, she nodded to her tablet. "I wasn't joking about the meeting. He's chairperson, and this is the annual fiscal report to our investors before SI publically posts tomorrow. His absence is going to raise questions."
Will and Thor shook their heads, but the wise man beamed. “Now, with your eagle’s eyes, you see the connection. It will not last for long," the wise man added, “so I suggest you hurry."
Bruce touched Steve's shoulder, and Steve whipped around, so startled he nearly knocked Bruce's block off -- which would have been very bad for everyone involved.
"Yes," Bruce said, answering for him. "He'll have the best money can buy. It's not like it was in the forties, Steve. This is an adult care facility -- clean and compassionate."
He raised his eyebrows. "Truly?  We had not spoken since we were children. Against my mother's direct command, she sought the means and power to enchant others. When her deeds were found out, she was cast to the Other Lands."
Steve convinced himself he'd give it a few days before he brought the subject of the living will to the rest of the team. Surely in the meantime someone would discover a promising lead, or maybe Amora would show up, or Tony would blink fully back awake and alert, having found a way to fight past the blocks in his mind.
Steve sucked in a breath, not used to such things being said so openly, honestly, and yes, bluntly. Grace made a low, burring sound in the back of her throat and clicked her beak. Her talons squeezed his shoulder slightly and reminded Steve that no matter how embarrassed he might be speaking of private matters, he was not alone.
"Morning run," Steve said a little sheepishly. He knew the tower had a fully stocked gym, but that was no substitute for getting some fresh air into his lungs. And sometimes he just needed to get out, if only for a few minutes.
Steve opened his mouth to protest, and then checked himself. Will had been more than valuable as a resource, but he was a physician, not an Avenger. "We wouldn't have gotten this far without you," he said. “I understand. "Could you keep watch on Tony for me? Until I return?"
"But sir," Parry said, "he can't talk to his daemon."
Steve didn't disagree.
"You called his daemon 'her' before."
And it didn't matter if Tony hated him, if the thing between them that had just barely started never took off. It didn't matter as long as Tony was back and whole and healthy.
"Tomorrow? Why not now?"
No one spoke for a moment, then Natasha stood. "Bring him back, Steve."
But not forever, for everything he loved dearest would be waiting for him on the other side.
"Have you got a name?" Kirjava asked, nodding her head politely to the other daemon.
The old man folded his legs and sat across the fire from Steve. His daemon came to rest on his shoulder.
"What is technology but another type of magic?"
Every inch of him had been bombarded with burning radiation; his bones cracked and reformed, muscles tore, built up, and tore again. And Steve had screamed and screamed. It was all there in Howard Stark's report.
Horror rolled over him like a wave. He clutched Tony's shoulders harder, staring into his face, his empty eyes. "What were you thinking? God, Tony..."
That brought Steve short. "Living will?"
That was only then when Steve realized the bat was a daemon.
"SHIELD has called in an expert on magic. He'll be in tomorrow," Steve said as he gently shut the door behind him.
"This is him?" the man asked in a high, reedy voice. "Yes," he said before anyone could speak. "Yes, I understand. Sit him down. No, not there, boy. On the rug."
Bruce rubbed a hand down his face, looking, if anything, more exhausted. "Let me guess: they have a cure?"
"What sort of evidence?" Bruce asked, frowning.
Steve tried to imagine this -- an aspect of himself that was female. That didn't make very much sense, though as Parry said a daemon wasn't exactly a soul, but an aspect of someone's consciousness. He sighed. "I... have a hard time picturing that."
Again, Thor hesitated. "You are certain it is a spell?"
Almost what HYDRA had tried to do with Bucky. Steve had to work hard not to clutch Tony any more tightly than was necessary.
Just as a warning: This is the grimmest chapter in the fic. Things will look up from here, but this is where the 'possible suicidal actions' warning comes into play.
Thor didn't answer for a long moment. Instead, he spread one hand over Tony's chest. It easily covered the arc reactor. On a good day, Tony was twitchy about anyone touching the reactor, but now Tony only stared at a point just left of Thor's head. Uncaring.
Tony groaned, then reached a claw-like hand towards his arc reactor. Steve caught his wrists with practice, now, sitting behind him and immobilizing his arms as Tony thrashed and screamed at nothing, fighting tooth and nail against something only he could see.
Steve still did not understand, but he had already gone come this far. "What do I need to do?"
She nodded and steered him to the couch. "Sit." She disappeared into the adjoining kitchen and reappeared a moment later with a tray loaded with a few select beers, a bottle of vodka, and shot glasses. Placing the tray on the coffee table, she sat next to Steve. "Do you want to talk about it?"
This earned a dismissive look from the old man. "Of course not. Do I look like a cat person to you, boy?" But before Steve could respond, the wise man pointed a gnarled finger at Tony. "You are correct, Odinson. Your companion is missing his daemon, and without it he will never be whole again. Furthermore, my Astrid tells me his body weakens. He has days left, perhaps a week."
He kept his gaze firmly on Amora so he didn't have to look at Tony. "Now, listen here--"
"Yes, this was among her gifts." But there was no judgment in Thor's voice that Steve could hear, and after a beat, Steve went on. He ended with describing what he could of Tony's strange violent reaction he'd had a few hours ago.
"Long way to travel to sell snake oil," Steve said pointedly.
“—And a drum circle,” Tony finished.
Until.... until...
Finally, though, they had to part. Steve had to go on and leave a portion of himself behind.
"That's very good, Dum-E," Steve said. "Thank you for the smoothie."
"And if Odin susses you out?" Bucky asked.
A nurse was at Tony's bedside again, her manner brisk as she said, "Sit up for me, Mr. Stark."
"You can't fight spectres, you can only control them."
"Then who else was witness?" He shook his head, again, not awaiting their answer. "You ask my wisdom, and I have given it."
Tony didn't answer, his gaze a blank nothing.
"I can't help but feel for Tony," Steve said. “How can I face him now, knowing what he has lost?"
The link at the top of the video went to CNN, and Steve felt the backs of his shoulders hit the wall. He had to resist the urge to throw Natasha's phone against the elevator doors. This video was public. "How," he practically spat.
"Yes," he said, "it's possible, but a witch named, Serafina Pekkala taught her to hide him from sight. She may be able to teach you, but I don't know how long it will take, only that it won't be easy. Until then, you would be vulnerable."
He swallowed a sip of water that Parry offered him, and closed his lips against the rest. He was soon asleep again. Kirjava lay beside Tony, an inch away but never quite touching.
"I never said Tony's name aloud. I--I wouldn't... do that," Steve said. "But Amora pointed at Tony, and--" He meant to say nothing happened, but something
Steve shook his head. Parry was a fit man, but the pack weighed at least two hundred pounds. He was carrying the bulk of the supplies for their trip plus the suitcase armor.
"I'm sorry, Captain," JARVIS almost sounded like it, too. "Doctor Banner has engaged the emergency protocols. I cannot open the door."
"Put them on the list with the rest."
Steve let out a breath of air, cast one glance back to the horizon, and then nodded. "That’s always been true." And with the eagle on his shoulder, ducked back into the wise man's hut.
"It's the most potent weapon, love," Parry said.
, Steve thought.
He'd been quiet, but the woman scowled as if she'd heard. "I am Amora the Enchantress," she announced. "Lately of Asgard, come into this realm to take vengeance for a grievous wrong."
"Then he's..." Steve swallowed down a well of horror and had to stop himself from reaching out to touch Tony's limp hand. "If he can understand us, maybe he's trapped in his own head and can't get out--"
Steve let out a long breath, then he looked at Tony. He looked at Kirjava, too, who sat so trusting in Parry's lap. But mostly he looked at Tony, the hollowness in his cheeks, the blank, empty gaze.
"Tony is essentially in a mild vegetative state. I know you want to see this as a sign. And it may be -- or an aberration." Bruce sighed, removing his glasses. The gray threads in his hair shown vivid under the florescent lights.  "I've spoken to Pepper, and we both agree he should be placed in a facility with twenty-four hour care."
Either way, a few days after Pepper's visit, two things happened within a few hours of each other: Thor came back with word that Odin would not allow the Asgardian palace healers to see Tony. The request had been a long shot; Odin had become much more recluse and isolationist since the death of his wife, but it was still a bitter pill to swallow, seeing that Amora had been the cause.
Kirjava the cat looked at the city, then away and around, her tail flicking in impatience.
Resolutely, he shut his mind against all thoughts. But the thing about not wanting to think anything was that he
Steve frowned, but what if they found something this time? So he stayed silent. Tony sat passively, not twitching as the needle slid in, or reacting at all as the nurse exchanged one tube for another, finished, withdrew, and gently pushed him to lay down again. He stared up at the ceiling, occasionally blinking.
"Cap," Bruce said intently, probably seeing the look on Steve's face. "There hasn't been any sign of brain damage. Whatever this is, there's a very good possibility it's starting to pass."
A muscle over Bruce's eye twitched. "The rest. Every whack job and homeopath in two hundred miles has come out of the woodwork since that video came out."
"What does that mean?" Natasha asked before Steve could.
Sorry about the late. Hopefully a long-ish chapter will help make up for it?
It was a long, long wait. Steve considered going to fetch his shield, but if Bruce did lose control, even that would be little help. Pepper called once, through JARVIS, with a request for Steve to meet her at SI headquarters. With Tony's condition thrust into the public, she needed his presence as Avengers team leader as she released a statement.
"The only one who can bring her out is you," the wise man replied, and the smoke didn't dissipate.
They were still in the forest when evening fell. Thor pulled the chariot off the side of the road to give his goats rest. Steve helped with their feeding and care, wary of the goats sharp teeth. They fed on chunks of bloody meat, which Steve suspected wasn't normal -- he remembered goats in cartoons eating cans and such -- and Thor seemed to know each one by name and disposition.
"No."
"I'll be careful with him, Cap." Clint clapped Tony so hard on the shoulder, he actually swayed a little. "We're going to talk shop, aren't we, Stark? You owe me a bow."
Chapter 1
"No, but--"
"Sure, Cap." Iron Man hovered about fifty feet up. He turned, and even though his helmet was firmly in place, Steve could swear he could see Tony roll his eyes. "On your left. I guess."
Tony woke several hours later without ceremony or sound. Steve hadn't even known Tony was awake until he happened to glance up from his book to see him staring at the ceiling overhead.
“But there is a chance," Steve said. "Thank you."
But Thor was nodding. "Yes, what you speak of is also known on Asgard. We call it the
"It's why they call me one of the best snipers in the world," Bucky added dryly, at Steve's side. It wasn't his first outing with the Avengers, but he was still fresh enough to be a little nervous going in. Not that he'd said anything, but Steve could tell. Now, though, Bucky carried his flashlight with ease. He winked at Steve and pretended to blow off the top of the flashlight as if it were a smoking gun.
"What?" Steve said.
If Tony were truly here, he would not Steve to put himself in danger, would have gone in all barbed wit and sarcasm, and in that moment Steve wanted him back so much it was like a physical ache.
Steve felt something in his heart warm. Bucky was doing better all the time, and Tony kept watch above them all -- his two favorite people were working together, getting along.
Then, he turned to Tony who was sitting by the fire, blank-faced and drawn as ever. Still, Steve knelt beside him and put his hands on his shoulders. "I'm getting her back for you," he said, quietly. Intensely. “Hang in there, Avenger."
"Daemons are usually the opposite gender of the body," Parry said. "Something poetic about ying and yang, I suppose."
Steve glanced at Tony, then back again, guiltily. "Even the brain scans?"
Steve slumped, relieved. "Then if it's not medical, it's magical."
"Tony," he said so quietly he could barely hear himself. "This is my fault."
"You can't know that."
"I'm still not sure what to think about these supposed daemons, or the... what did you call them? Spectres?" Natasha asked, glancing at Bruce. "How does the science look behind it?"
Steve briefly met Parry's eyes. The concern he read there made him feel a flush of nerves.  He steeled himself. "Is this how you did it?" Parry looked askance at him, and Steve elaborated, "How you found your daemon?"
It was several long minutes before the skin was twitched, and Thor peeked out, gesturing them in.
Strange pulled his cloak around himself, his eyes darting from one Avenger to another. His shoulders sagged a fraction, perhaps sensing their concern even through his wounded pride. "Whatever has happened to Tony Stark is wholly natural or medical, not magical," he said. "I'm sorry, I cannot offer more than that." He hesitated, then added a bit more tentatively, "Before I found this path, I used to be a surgeon. I could, perhaps, take a look at your findings."
"It would hurt any warrior to be brought so low," Thor murmured.
The fox, torn from Tony by such force that it had traumatized his body, was still fighting. And every time she had nearly escaped the encircling cage of spectres, her link with Tony would be reestablished, if just briefly.
If he did, that was something for Tony to hear from Steve, and not between himself and a stranger. Steve felt his grip firm up on Tony, and made himself relax. "Amora did this to him to hurt me," he said instead, "and it worked. It... I haven't been myself, since... I can't stand to see this happening to him."
Natasha broke into a nearby gas station, and "borrowed" a pack of flashlights and some spare AA batteries. Then they were in business.
"Do you know where you are?" Steve prompted, then added, "Remember when I called it a big ugly building?"
Tony didn't answer. He didn't tug at his hands, which were still strapped down. He didn't seem to notice at all.
Carefully, Steve held up his arm, allowing Grace to step onto it. Then, equally as carefully, she stepped onto Tony’s shoulder. To touch another’s daemon was an unbearably intimate act, but Tony literally shouldered the weight of Steve’s soul without complaint.
Steve looked askance at him, but the expression on Bruce's face told him at once there hadn't been any luck with the new lab results. No breakthroughs.
"Steve," Bruce sounded pained, an undertone of
"So what are you saying? Stark's giving us the silent treatment?" Clint demanded.
Bruce made a sputtering sound.
“I gotta do it,” Steve said, both for his benefit and for his daemon’s. They’d talked about this, weighed the pros and cons together before coming to the conclusion that it had to be done. Thanks to Amora, Tony and his daemon could separate. Steve and Grace could not, and that was a hindrance to be able to fight effectively as an Avenger.
Iron Man hovered in place, unanswering.
Tony stared impassively out to the middle distance.
"Thank you," Steve made himself say. Disappointment clogged his throat. "Dr. Banner is researching it right now. I'm sure he would be grateful for any assistance."
He returned hours later, to find Tony waiting for him outside the wise Man's hut.
"Great."
"Breathe in the smoke," he said, and as he did the air in the room seemed to shift, rolling the smoke over Steve's head. It was scented with sage and pine. Steve frowned.
Tony's gaze was empty and unfocused, but he exhaled in a sudden, stuttering breath. Then another. The heart monitor picked up pace.
"Hmm." She turned back to Bruce, who was wincing, reaching up to rub under his right eye as if he was getting a headache. "Come upstairs. I will make both of you tea, and we need to plan as a team what to do next."
Yeah, so that happened. *hides* Tags will be changing soon to reflect that this is a story with daemons -- it's been hard to keep this under wraps.
"There's no way of knowing. I've only met a dozen or so people from our world who can speak to their daemons, although..." Perry hesitated.
Afterwards, Steve convinced himself it was Peggy. Howard's reports did mention she yelled at the techs to turn the vita-ray machine off.
She ignored him. "Which one of you leads Thor's team of comrades? Who is Steven Grant Rogers?"
"It's not a cat," he said in surprise, glancing down at Kirjava, who had curled up in Parry's lap and watched the proceedings with interest.
"We weren't--I never told him how I, you know..." Steve trailed off, staring at the beer in his hands, "... felt."
(See the end of the chapter for
"You left me behind," the daemon corrected, with more than a hint of annoyance, "back on the shore. I hadn't known I existed until then, you see."
to us. Once enough congregate, they help to form the deamon in conscious, living beings."
"Ms. Potts," he said, swallowing down his disappointment, and stood aside to let her in. "You're up early."
He had nothing but the bare essentials in his own fridge, as he always preferred to eat in the common room with the team. Pepper politely declined a glass of water, and sat down at his small dining room table, pulling out a folder. "I was headed downtown for a meeting before the market opens, but I needed to stop by. We should to talk about Tony. I..." She hesitated. "There's no easy way to broach this."
She stared at him, and he couldn't read the look in her eyes. Then, she poured two clear shots and offered him one. Steve took it obediently, and wished the alcohol did more for him than burn on the way down.
"And your other friend? Your... Tony?" The old wise man's voice came softer, or was he just further away?
"Thor's coming, and I'll have Tony." Steve held up his hand before anyone could point out that Tony wasn't in the position to help anyone. "We'll bring along the suitcase armor."
Steve shook his head. Knocking Tony out hadn't done any good for him last time. "Shhh," he tried to soothe. He kept his voice low, even above Tony's pitched screams. "It's okay. You're safe. You're in the tower. No one is going to hurt you."
Steve did as he was told, speaking softly to Tony, who allowed himself to be directed in perfect obedience.
Parry nodded. He looked grim. "I traveled as a young man -- there were holes, doorways to other worlds. They've been since sealed, the way to make them destroyed. But in one of these worlds there was a creature, a spectre, that fed off the daemons of adults, and left them exactly like this. Everything that made them the person they were, gone."
"That is no true animal," Thor said, surprising them all. "I've seen its like before, though never on Midgard."
"Then we'll be here for him when he comes out," he said.
Heart thudding, Steve just stared at him. Tony stared back.
"Not sure." Tony sounded shaken. "JARVIS shows all systems normal. But that felt..."
"Physically, he's healthy," Bruce confirmed tiredly. "So far every test has put him within the normal range."
Parry seemed surprised. "And his behavior since--"
Tony didn't fall so much as slowly collapse in place. Only Steve's quick reaction kept his head from hitting the pulsing road.
He stopped as the steady beep-beeping of the heart monitor took on a sudden, rapid clip.
Nothing.
this is not black and white, but Steve... he can't go on like this. I've been speaking with some of the doctors, and other professionals. They recommended several rehabilitation facilities -- top institutes that specialize in brain injuries."
Steve would have loved to see the city, but the chariot was deceptively technological as well as led by a team of seemingly tireless goats. Thor pressed a button and a curve of shimmering energy came up to block the view of the inside, giving them all privacy.
Bucky made a low groan. Steve resolutely didn't look at him, nor did he look in Tony's direction. Clenching his jaw, he glared up at Amora. It was on the tip of his tongue to say "Peggy Carter" because it had been true at one point. But even if she hadn't passed away six months ago, he didn't want to play any part of Amora's game.
"Maybe we'll make it a double-date," Steve said, just to see Bucky smirk, remembering other disastrous double-dates.
"He does not have dementia--"
"And I'll sleep out here on the couch in case he needs anything," Steve added.
Before he could say anything, Thor bent close to Steve and spoke in an undertone, "That is no true animal -- it cannot touch or harm Anthony, or anyone else."
Steve could have laughed, if he didn't feel so much like crying. For finding a part of himself he never knew was missing. For never being alone again. For knowing what Tony had lost.
It was quiet in the tent -- so quiet.  Steve stared at the canopy ceiling overhead and imagined what it were be like if Tony were well. Tony wasn't the camping type. Being without computers or an electronic device would drive him up the wall, and as a result he'd annoy everyone around him to distraction.
The room inside was hot and close, with the spicy scent of cedar prominent. The wise man stood at a corner, small, wizened with a graying scraggily beard and a necklace of animal teeth. He looked like a native medicine man Steve had read about in Roger Kipling and other fantastic tales.
But Tony's fit had come on so suddenly, JARVIS hadn't had time to issue a warning. His flailing hand had slapped a bioscan panel near the door. It had opened -- JARVIS had no overrides-- something which was quickly fixed by Pepper.
"Steve, listen. Autistic children, people with dementia run--"
Perry was a quiet fellow, not prone to idol chatter, only commenting occasionally on things outside and then, in quieter tones, to his daemon. Steve was much the same way -- he would have given anything for Tony to fill in the blank, quiet spaces.
"Tony ran
Steve hesitated, glanced at Thor, then back at the cat. Not a true animal? Was it alien, then, or magical? But... if it couldn't hurt Tony, what was the harm? None of the other doctors had so far even suggested a solid theory on what was wrong. If Parry could, or at least put them on the right path...
Now even the tower felt as empty as Tony's eyes.
"You could have... oh gosh. Oh no..." He couldn't stop running his hands up and down Tony's arms. "Don't give up on me. We're trying to find something-- don't... just please don't..." No reaction. Maybe... "Are you in pain?" Stupid question. Of
lead we have to fixing Tony's condition, and I'm willing to follow it."
But it was Pepper who stood on the other side, looking brisk and professional.
His safe room. The one truly Hulk-proof place in the tower. If Bruce had locked himself in there, it meant he was on the verge of losing control.
But Tony was almost deathly silent in his sleeping bag, and at that moment Steve would have given anything in his power to see him up and 'Jonesing' (as Clint would put it) for a computer.
"Mr. Stark," she said with a wobbly smile that damn near broke Steve's heart. Of course she had been told what had happened, though she hadn't come to the hospital. She and Tony had maintained a careful business separation since their break-up.
"Are you thirsty?" Steve asked, after the nurse bustled out.
At this, Parry gave a grim nod. "I'd like to examine him, if I may. If I'm right -- and I fear I am -- I'm not sure what can be done, but it will be very quick."
There was no reaction. Not even a twitch.
Bruce nodded and held out a tablet. There were several charts with squiggly lines running across them. Steve recognized one as a heart-beat monitor, another for blood pressure and respiration, but there were others with sharp dips and valleys he couldn't begin to guess at.
"JARVIS--" he started.
"Indeed, Captain Rogers," the AI put in, sounding a little affronted.
"Let's go back to these other worlds," Bruce said. His voice was very mild in the way it got only when he was putting a tight lid on his emotions. "I get the impression you're not talking about planets, like Asgard. You mean the many-worlds theory, don't you?"
He knew what Bucky was getting around to, and decided to cut him off at the pass. "You're like a brother to me, Buck. Always have been."
"No," the wise man shook his head. "No spell could have done this."
Back in the war, Bucky had been his second in command for good reason. Steve had trusted him to make solid field decisions then -- to pull men he thought too sick or injured to keep fighting. It had never happened to Steve, but there was a first time for everything.
Tony was whole, unbloodied and alive. He stared back at Steve, his brown eyes empty.
The Avengers learned the hard way that Tony needed to be led to the bathroom. Once there, he'd do his business by himself, if there was a need. But after it was taken care of, Tony would stand before the toilet, blank and unmoving until he was led somewhere else. Meals were similar. When coaxed, he usually ate a bite or two of something in front of him, but that was it. Not enough to sustain him.
“This will cut through anything, and I do mean
The house cat that stood by the man's feet was... unexpected. Large for a cat, it had dark, smoky under-shadings to its fur. It was quite beautiful in a subtle sort of way.
Steve winced. "Those weren't spectres. Those were something else, probably set up as a distraction. Apparently, spectres aren't really alive, so they can't be killed."
"Doctor Malone." Bruce strode forward, his expression slightly pinched as he took in the cat. "I saw your presentation on elementary particles and dark matter at the conference in Madrid."
The pity in his eyes made a lump grow in Steve's throat, and Steve had to look away.
"… Thank you?" Steve said, taking it and looking closely at the thing.
"My minions." She tossed her head, her hair shimmering down her shoulders. "They represent but a fraction of my power."
"What the hell was that?" Steve's voice came out shaky.
Steve glanced at Tony, who hadn't reacted to the news at all. "I don't think Tony's able to play silent even if he ever wanted to."
Tony cleared his throat and Steve realized his mind was wandering. He turned to the other man to find his eyebrow cocked.
"He'd hate it," Steve said. "He wouldn't want to be there."
"You can't give up." Steve told him, hands back on Tony's shoulders. "Please, don't... just don't give up on me, pal. Please. I'm trying--I swear to God I'm trying to bring you back."
The wise man turned to him. "Were you there, Odinson?"
By the forth day, everyone save Bucky and Steve, thanks to their healing factor, were sporting bruises from being kicked or struck.
Parry and Steve exchanged a look, a shrug, then started walking down the rainbow road. No doubt Thor would not take long, but there was no reason they couldn't shorten the distance a little with their own two feet.
"The reports say this happened to him while on a mission," Parry said. "You were there? Did you see... something in the air around him? Shimmers? Whisps?"
Steve's hand hovered, then he gave into the impulse, stroking once through Tony's hair. "This is taking a lot out of him, and he hasn't been eating much," he said. "Bruce had talked about intravenous feeding, but there were limits on the living will, and... Will he be okay?"
"I know."
Steve turned away.
Steve looked at Tony, and back to Thor again. "I was really hoping you'd know of a magical... herb or something to snap him out of it."
… The same thing would've happened to you, if she had asked me. You know that, right?"
"Avengers, let's get a move on. I'd like to get this cleaned up before dark sets in."
Finally, with a gasp like a man drowning, Tony went limp against Steve. Exhausted and gray and blank.
"I have. He made his wishes very clear. Steve." She sighed and raised a hand to massage over her right eye. "Howard was killed instantly in that car accident, but his mother lingered for more than a week, kept alive by machines. He told me that was no way to live, no way he wanted to live--"
"Well, shit." Clint said, succinctly. Then he reached down and gripped Tony's hand, yanking him to his feet. "C'mon, Stark. You and I are taking a field trip to the archery range."
, Steve thought, swallowing. He turned away.
"No, JARVIS will monitor him."
"This is something new," Steve said. "Natasha, circle to the south. I want that exit by Main Street covered. I think we're about to meet the, uh, main bad guy."
"We don't exactly know," Steve said. "It might have been a spell."
to him that no one can explain. If it's not magic, I don't know what is!" Steve forced himself to look away.  He hadn't exactly raised his voice at Thor, but he'd come close, and it wasn't fair to take his frustration out on him.
"Tony?" Steve asked. He couldn't help but hope, even now.
Amora had said
"...Oh."
"Spectres," Kirjava said quietly.
my findings. It is a bit... unusual. Most aren't ready for it."
"Well, I suppose when one is in Rome..." Parry muttered to himself, and boarded. Steve couldn't help but agree.
"I came as soon as I heard," Thor said gravely, and strode over to the hospital bed. He gently turned Tony's chin to face him and took in his unnatural quiet, his blank expression. Thor frowned.  "I am sorry to see you brought so low, Man of Iron. I would have never expected this of Amora, even with her faults."
"If someone has enough force of will, the spectres can be aimed en masse at a town or village, like a weapon. I've... seen it before."
he was in pain. The screaming fits just weren't for show.
"Now, tell me what happened. Tell me what you saw."
There was nothing. Nothing at all.
It damn near broke Steve's heart the day he led Tony to his lab, hoping his favorite place would inspire something. Anything.
After he finished, Thor shook his head and turned to Tony. "This was a cruel thing that was done, and I know not the sense of it. If Amora's quarrel was truly with me, why not approach me directly? Or not attempt to attack Jane?"
The shield would do nothing, he knew, but he still felt stupid waving the little piece of shrapnel around. But the spectres shrank from it as if it were deadly acid. Steve was reminded again of the strange shadow creatures that the Avengers had fought the day that Tony had fallen.
Bucky liked Tony just fine. They'd spent hours in the lab on Bucky's arm -- while not up to Tony's level, Bucky had a decent grasp of robotics, which was improving all the time with Tony's tutelage. It helped that Bucky liked AC/DC, which Steve could never understand.
The man barked out a short laugh, and the glinting firelight caught his face. His eyes were blank and milky. The man was blind, though he hadn't acted like it. Could it have something to do with his daemon?
"Tony?" Steve asked again, hope lifting. He touched Tony's shoulder and leaned over to look for any sign of life in his eyes.
"Indeed, sir."
Tony would strongly disagree with that, but he was not in the position to do so. So Steve was the one who had to roll with it. He squared his shoulders. "Do whatever you need to do."
So he was immediately aware when Tony took a shortened step, then two, and wobbled.
"I know it's rather odd, but she can help with the, er, diagnosis."
Thanks for sticking with me through the completion of this fic, and for new readers... welcome!
But even as Steve cut AIM bots down left and right with his shield, all he could see was Tony standing with his toes hanging off the ledge.
Steve twisted, shield at the ready, to see yet another flat shadow-like... thing approach from the side. The shadow creatures had been downright spooky at first. (Tony and Clint had called them Slender Men in matching tones of horror. It fit, them being tall and thin beings made of pure shadow, except for their dazzling backlit eyes.)
In the end, there was no reason to keep Tony in the hospital, other than observation which could be done at home. Aside from his silence and apathy, SHIELD medical could find nothing physically wrong with him at all.
The only answer was silence, and that was damning enough.
Dr. Malone's polite smile became something more genuine, and she and Bruce briefly spoke in what Steve liked to think of as polite scientist way of greeting each other; all small talk and compliments on each other's work and research papers.
He couldn't do this. "Nat, I said I don't want to talk about it."
Grace took to the air, screeching out an ululating cry. To the side, Steve was aware of Amora charging at Thor and their epic battle that set magic against living lightning.
"You are a warrior," Thor said in warning. "If someone were knowledgeable enough, all they would need to do is to strike at your daemon."
"Perhaps," Thor said softly, laying a big hand on Steve's shoulder, "it would be best to start from the beginning. Tell me exactly what was said, and what was done."
The front door was a hide of some fantastic animal -- possibly a zebra, only with muddy brown and red stripes. Thor pushed it aside and walked in without knocking.
His heart gave a hard pound. "I will."
There was a video? Probably taken by one of the long range quinjets sent in for backup. "She's Asgardian," Steve said stubbornly. "Maybe you're not used to working with their magic."
"I'm sorry," Parry said, and looked like he meant it. "That part of him has been destroyed forever."
Steve and Bruce exchanged a look. "Tony?" Steve asked, turning to him.
know her then?" Steve asked, standing.
The wise man nodded once. "Come." He took Steve's wrist in his bony fingers and guided him to the fire. Steve had a moment of concern that the old blind man would accidently step into the fire, but the bat daemon fluttered over their heads, making crazy circles around the flames, and the man stayed clear.
"Tony look," he said quietly as the tower came into view. Tony had been staring out into the middle distance, and Steve couldn't tell if his eyes focused on the tower or not.
"He doesn't have a brain injury. It's a magical curse."
"Malone said the spectres are only dangerous to adults, and children over puberty. She will be working with SHIELD researchers, but it sounds like the best offence is avoidance."
Shame washed through him, and he took a half-step back. What was he doing? "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry." He leaned down, forehead resting on Tony's shoulder. And if he let out a strangled sob, well, no one was around to notice. Least of all, Tony.
"Spread out," Steve said. "Maybe they're being controlled or created by a single party. Chances are, if we eliminate him or her, the rest of the Slender Men will disappear."
Epilogue: Three Months Later
Steve sucked in a breath, understanding. "But you don't know for sure?"
"You are the ones called the Avengers." Her voice rang out, unnaturally loud so that it echoed between buildings. She pointed one accusing green-tipped nail down. "You are responsible for my pain."
“This isn’t meant to be a vacation,” Steve answered, wryly.
Grinning, Steve rushed forward and not one of the deadly spectres was able to touch him.
"What?" But he swallowed and was forced to admit, "Well... No."
The nurse extended Tony's arm. And Tony, who was the world's worst patient, who charmed and played-down injuries or outright lied not to be kept in a hospital room for one second longer than was needed, who hated to even be handed things, passively let her.
Steve nodded and, carefully, scooped up Tony under his legs and shoulders. Tony's eyes cracked open, then shut again.
The only thing Steve could do was hold him tight. "Tony, Tony! Shhh, you're safe. I've got you."
"I... got the impression that she enchanted Tony as a sort of revenge," Steve said.
had to stay with Tony. HYDRA had been rooted out of SHIELD under director Coulson's careful eye, but -- well,
“What’s next?” Steve asked bluntly. His hand drifted to rest on Grace’s back as he continued. “I saw what happened when Amora struck Tony down, and I’ve discovered Grace which I’m thankful for, but… I don’t understand how this will help.”
Bruce bustled in a few minutes later, clipboard in hand. He wasn't officially a SHIELD medical doctor, but he did function as team medic liaison between the SHIELD personal and overly proud, stubborn Avengers.
Steve stepped forward, ignoring Bucky's warning hiss. "That would be me."
"Yeah," Steve said hollowly.
"She's been fighting her way out, this entire time," Grace said.
Tony was in his room, laying on top of the covers of his bed, staring blankly at the ceiling. The nurse on shift sat nearby with an eReader in her lap. Steve excused her from the room and went to Tony's side. "You have visitors," he said to him, quietly.
Tony arched and screamed.
"Okay," Steve said. He took in a breath, squared his shoulders. "Then how do I do it?"
He touched Tony's wrist to count his pulse -- Parry's little and ring fingers were missing on his left hand -- then he gently moved Tony to sit up. Parry asked Bruce a couple questions about Tony's reflexes. Then he stared into Tony's blank eyes for a long moment before he looked away and shook his head at Doctor Malone, his lips pinched.
He shifted, Tony's head pillowed on the top of his bicep. "He would hate this," Steve said as he started forward. He felt a lump grow in his throat, and forced himself to swallow past it. "Tony, I mean. Being carried -- being cared for. He's so self-sufficient."
"Sometimes catatonia patients can suffer exhaustion," Parry said. "And that trip through the Bifrost was... taxing," He frowned at the long road to Asgard. "I suppose we cannot just wait here."
Steve paused, tossing his head back to flick a bit of sweat-soaked hair out of his eyes. "Yes?"
Bruce looked at Steve, clearly putting the decision in his hands.
The words felt like a blow to Steve's heart. He had to stop himself from reaching out to Tony. Touch him. Tell him to hold on, just a little longer...
"That may be so, but there's a question of cleanliness."
“Just kiss already!" the vixen snapped. And on a nearby branch, Grace added her trilling voice.
He placed round stones in different colors at five points around Tony's head. Sitting back, Strange waved first a crystal, then a wooden wand over him, chanting to himself.
He needn't have bothered. Emerald green lightning suddenly arced across the sky, and dark thunderheads boiled out of nowhere.
Bucky craned around, looking up. "Thor's back?"
The smile she gave him was tight. "I guess I could say the same for you."
Bruce threw his hands in the air. "Let them up, you'll see what I mean."
"I don't like it." Clint sat sideways in a chair, his index finger spinning the point of an arrow. "Thor, I thought you said Odin refused to help, even though Amora is Asgardian."
"Then JARVIS calls a suit and flies him to safety. He'll still be more protected here than anywhere else."
The old man turned halfway to her. "I know of what you speak -- foul things. And perhaps you are right, but to take without consuming is not in their usual nature. No." He shook his head again. "You give me one broken half to mend without the other, and without even knowing what sundered his spirit. I must know how it was done." Then he turned and pointed alarmingly at Steve. "This one knows."
Amora's lips widened into a smile. "I see. Your pain will become my strength, and every time Anthony Edward Stark suffers, know that I grow in power."
Bruce shook his head. "I don't know," he said, "but this could be--I know this looks bad, but this could be a good sign. He could be snapping out of... whatever this is."
"I don't believe that," Steve said. He moved to put himself between Tony and the newcomers, shielding him. "You don't know Tony -- nothing can keep him down." Not Afghanistan, palladium poisoning, or even a damned nuke aimed straight for him. Tony didn't know the meaning of quit.
"What?"
"I'm totally telling Pepper," Clint said back, but he sounded amused, too.
"This is going to work," Steve said, firmly.
"Iron Man, report," Steve barked.
Steve felt his lips curl into a smile. Tony and Riri consistently finished each other’s sentences, especially when making quips. Tony may scoff whenever Steve brought it up, but he was more in touch with his inner self than most people. It was, possibly, part of the reason why the light inside him had nearly snuffed out when Amora had ripped her away.
"We're here regarding Mr. Stark's situation," Parry said, "I admit I was alarmed when I watched the video -- I've seen something very similar before."
One of Tony's hands lay out of the sleeping bag, limp on the ground. Steve wanted to reach out and stroke the back of it, lace their fingers together. He didn't.
"Thor," she said in scorn, "was to be my beloved.
Thor's chariot created quite the stir, the harnesses on the goats tinkling as they trotted in. Adults stopped and stared. Children pointed. Thor waved grandly to them all.
The door burst open and several nurses and a doctor rushed in. It took Bruce to pull Steve, who was too shocked, out of their way. They hovered over Tony as his screams turned into terrible, sobbing wails. Someone called for a sedative, and the room fell silent only as Tony's eyes rolled into the back of his head. He slumped, unconscious.
"As long as he's breathing, he's still an Avenger," he said.
"Listen." Bucky pulled him to the side and spoke low, "Your head's not in the game right now. We can see it, and it ain't gonna do Tony favors if you get hurt because you're being stupid over him. Clint, Nat, and I got this." He quirked a smile. "And take Thor with you -- he's doing more harm than good with that hammer down here."
She shook her head once and reached past him to press the elevator button for Bruce's labs. Then, wordlessly, she whipped out her StarkPhone and pressed play.
To his surprise, Pepper reached out and clasped his hand. Her own fingers were cold. "I've been going through this in my head over and over. I... I'm willing to ignore certain provisions of the living will, for now, but if this continues on, we're going to have to think of something else. You're the leader of the team, but right now he's not an Avenger. Steve... he's barely alive."
, boy." He stepped forward and the finger prodded Steve's chest, right above his heart. "She does, and her eyes are keen."
Sighing, Steve pushed him to walk forward.
Stephen Strange was, for lack of a better adjective, a strange man. Decked out in a high collar cape and a dandy pair of pants, he made a show of directing Clint and Steve to lie Tony down in the middle of the floor.
"Choose?"
"I admit, I was surprised. I'm not often taken by surprise." Natasha popped a beer cap off and handed it to him, even though it was barely noon. "Though it explains why you weren't interested in those blind dates."
Steve used to come down and watch the two of them, heads bent together over an open panel on Bucky's arm. It had never failed to warm him inside: His best friend and his--and
And he wondered briefly if those had been spectres, too, twisted by Amora’s magic to become more pliable and bidding. Less dangerous to her.
Then from his pocket, he withdrew an interesting device. It appeared to be a set of hardware store pliers with the pincers encased within a bubble of glass. Visible inside, Steve saw they were locked on either side of a piece of smoky looking shrapnel.
"Not hardly." Parry's hand came down to rest in the thick multi-hued fur along Kirjava's back. "I went where she couldn't follow."
"Yes," Steve agreed, remembering now. Why hadn't he, before?
"I can't be drugged," he said, half in apology. "My metabolism's too high. Not much works on me."
"A Doctor William Parry, from his driver's license. Records indicate he is a family physician in practice near Oxford England."
Steve knew he had no right to be here, but Bucky wouldn't go one-hundred yards near a hospital, and he, Clint an Natasha were working on leads to track down Amora.
to the Iron Man launch pad. He tried--" Steve hesitated, but he had to own up to it if no one else would. That was the type of man he was. "He tried to end his suffering."
Steve shut his eyes. "I know."
"Well, we'd received a call to assemble," Steve started, but was cut off.
Pepper thumbed through a few papers in the binder she was carrying, but then sighed and placed it down on the table. "There are quite a few advance directives, but they all come to the same thing. He has do-not-resuscitate, and do-not-extend his life orders in almost every instance."
"She still might," Steve said. "This may be a diversion."
Steve stared at her for a shocked moment, cold congealing in his gut. "Pepper, he's not in a coma. He's awake, he can feed himself." Not enough to keep up a sick child, he should know, but it was something. It had to count..
A chill went up Steve's spine. "You're mean my daemon, don't you?"
"You said something vital is gone," Steve blurted, "His..." the good Catholic schoolboy inside rebelled, but he said it anyway, "daemon?"
"She... I'm pretty sure she read my mind," Steve admitted.
At night, the Avengers took shifts sitting in the room next to Tony's bedroom. If a fit came in the night, their job was to restrain or sedate Tony before he could claw out his own arc reactor.
Steve hesitated. It was a delicate subject, but the sooner he got answers the sooner they could find a cure for Tony. "She said you were her beloved."
Steve wondered if this was going to hurt, but dismissed it a moment later. He was strong, he could take it. He'd been in and out of the vita-ray machine, after all.
Tony swayed a little at the nudge. His eyes remained blank as Pepper came up to him, looking first at Tony, then at Steve. She gave a nod, seeing what Steve was doing. "I've seen you pull a lot of stunts to get out of board meetings, but this is really it," she said to Tony.
Finally, early in the morning, nine days after the encounter with Amora, just as Steve was lacing up his running shoes, he heard a knock on his door.
Wordlessly, Natasha came over, kissed his cheek, and wrapped her arms around his shoulders. Bruce sagged against her briefly, as if his strings were cut. But when he straightened again and faced Steve, the look in his eyes were terrible. Foreboding. As if readying himself to be struck down.
He never told anyone that wasn't all. That he heard someone else, a young woman, screaming along with him. Her voice, clear and piercing, had been so close it was almost as if she were a part of him.
