John moved closer to him. He wrapped an arm around him and rested his head on Sherlock's shoulder. Closing his eyes, he waited for sleep to take him. John saw Sherlock's hesitation but eventually felt him loosen against him and get comfortable.
John hadn't realised it, but he was currently pulling Sherlock closer by his collar to get a better grip and pummel him to death surrounded by different waiters stopping him in a different restaurant. Christ, he had to stop.
How do you put it into words? Something like that? Mary, I love you but I just love him more? Sherlock, I know you don't think of me like that but I want you? Rosie, honey, remember that boy, Tommy, who had two mommies? Well, you might have two daddies- actually scratch that, Sherlock would never want to be called daddy. Wait- what am I saying?? Sherlock will never want to be with me! More importantly, John, you have a wife remember! Right.
John wanted to curl up in a hole and die. He wanted to go on the top floor of Bart's, call Sherlock, tell him this was his bloody note and fucking jump of the building. He wanted Sherlock to feel the pain. He wanted him to feel used and forgotten and needy as fuck. He wanted him to see John everywhere, he wanted it to fuck up all his relationships, he wanted him to endure all the pain and eventually the numbing feeling of nothingness. Difference is, John would actually die. He wanted Sherlock to be sorry, to howl in pain but he didn't want Sherlock to go through what he was going through in this moment. He didn't want Hitler to go through what he was going through.
"Oh, like it isn't obvious. Every part of you practically screams it. It must be sad inside that pathetically slow brain of yours."
His mind flashed to a pool. A bomb strapped to his chest. He heard Irene's voice over and over and over. He listened to Sherlock shout as a man threatened to kill John. He paid attention to every tiny detail, every case, every bedsheet ever to be stripped off beds and cloak Sherlock, every kidney in the freezer, every brush of fingers as tea was passed, every stolen smile, shared, private chuckle, every client, every case, every day he had spent with the man. Sherlock had torn down his walls and John merely gaped as he stepped inside his mind. He watched as he prodded and lounged in his head and smiled at his sprawled body.
"I had expected the act of observing your regular sleeping patterns to get tedious and dull but to my surprise, it didn't. I haven't done any experiments, if that's you're primary concern."
John kept kicking him again and again and again and again. He didn't hear the sound of his foot thumping against his flesh, he didn't hear the splatter of blood, he didn't hear as the people behind him brought tissues to their faces, he didn't hear his own panting, all he heard was,
John was never an eccentric man, despite the whole addicted to danger thing, he was a man who planned, a man who looked at the practical side, a man who didn't look at the glass half full or half empty, but a glass containing some water. He had a strong moral compass, followed the law (mostly), is- was, was a good husband and a good father; he hoped, at one point in his life, he was a good friend. But he couldn't stop himself.
His mind flashed to a pool. A bomb strapped to his chest. He heard Irene's voice over and over and over. He listened to Sherlock shout as a man threated to kill John. He payed attention to every tiny detail, every case, every bedsheet ever to be stripped off beds and cloak Sherlock, every kidney in the freezer, every brushing of fingers as tea was passed, every stolen smile, shared, private chuckle, every client, every case, every day he had spent with the man. Sherlock had torn down his walls and John merely gaped as he stepped inside his mind. He watched as he prodded and lounged in his head and smiled at his sprawled body.
To say that John felt horrible was a gross understatement. To say that John wanted to cut his leg off for hurting Sherlock was also an understatement.
He was drawn to her. There was something about the way her nose crinkled when she giggled. How she got lost in her thoughts and tried to suppress her smile. How she giggled uncontrollably when she remembered a joke from last week. How she squealed excitedly when he came home. How she threw her arms around her and pulled him. How her name sounded on his tongue. Mary. How she knew when he was nervous or angry or sad and how she always calmed him down. How she made him feel better about everything. But it was more than that. Much more. It was also the fact that when she giggled it was because of some goofy thing John had done. When she smiled it was because he looked good in a particular shirt. When she laughed, it was because he didn't look good in a particular shirt. When she giggled uncontrollably it was when he touched her, when he smiled at her, it was when he smiled or laughed or chuckled. John had fallen so many times. But Mary always seemed to be there to pick him up. Somehow, she made the pain worth the pleasure.
John took a moment to process it all. This was weird even for Sherlock. This wasn't normal. But when was anything ever normal for them?
The problem was, John knew the exact moment he let down his walls. He knew the exact moment he had fallen in love. He knew when he gave Sherlock the power to hurt him.
But then again, Sherlock had always exceeded his expectations, he had never failed to surprise him. Obviously, in death, it would be the same. John knew that. But when he saw Sherlock, when he clenched his teeth as his lips turned in a deceitful smile, as his fingers turned to fists that violently slammed against the table, as he became oblivious to his surroundings, he asked,
"Well, I'd like to. I do hope you're taking my class or on second thought, I don't- I don't want you reading my thoughts," he paused, "Well, not all the time anyway." He added.
Maybe that's why he wanted to marry her. Not just loneliness, isolation but because she had stayed with him even though he was..dead. Leaving her just because he felt alive felt wrong. Maybe he married her because he did love her. Or maybe it was a sort of revenge. But it didn't matter because one thing was for sure, he didn't want to cheat on her, he didn't want her to die.
John hadn't realized it, but he was currently choking Sherlock to death. He was on top of him in a lavish restaurant while waiters and his soon to be fiance pryed his hands of the man's skinny neck. He wanted him to die? Was that so bad? He wanted to him to either live or die like an ordinary person. And then, a horrible thought occurred to him, the next time Sherlock would 'die' John wouldn't be able to believe it. He'd always believe Sherlock was alive.
He was soon up but he wasn't in England or Afghanistan for that matter, but his room. Realizing it was all a dream, he turned over to see Mary asleep. She hadn't noticed. In the dark, his hands searched for his phone on the bedside table. The screen read 7am. It wasn't very early, he grabbed the phone and went to the washroom. He studied the new scratches on his phone where he had tried to plug in the charger.
John kept kicking him again and again and again and again. He didn't hear the sound of his foot thumping against his flesh, he didn't hear the splatter of blood, he didn't hear as the people behind him brought tissues to their faces, he didn't hear his own panting, all he heard was,
John didn't remember what he said, if he said anything, if he begged, if he looked at Sherlock with pleading eyes, if he took his hand himself and fucked it. Fucked Him. Fucked Sherlock's hand. Those fingers, those, God. All he remembers is waking up in a sticky mess with a smug expression on Sherlock's face that can only mean John was loud. Very loud. But as John focused, he saw that Sherlock was blonde, that he wasn't smiling at all, that he was shorter and with eyes that weren't nearly as magnificent as he remembered. As John focused, he realised, this was Mary.
John, out of habit, scoffed at Sherlock. The man began to approach them and spewed out rehearsed lines about domestic abuse when John stopped him, saying,
"I had expected the act of observing your regular sleeping patterns to get tedious and dull but to my surprise, it didn't. I haven't done any experiments, if that's your primary concern."
"Umm, I know it hasn't been long and that we haven't known each other for a long time." He paused and looked at her.
Sherlock, I don't know what I'd do if you came back. I never let myself hope long enough to know what I'd do but just- just
Bullets richoteoed. Injuries inflicted. Lives lost. Breathing hard. Eyes closed. Sherlock. Sherlock? John tightened his hold on his gun and ran towards him in the middle of bullets, bombs and blood. The sun blinded his eyes as he shouted,
Sherlock interrupted him by pulling on his sleeve, he pulled him down until his hands could reach his face, he rested one on John's cheek and one his good shoulder and gently nudged them closer to his own face in a kiss that was far too inappropriate to have taken place in a hospital.
John didn't ask why Sherlock had the urge to sleep next to him. He feared if he asked Sherlock would leave or say it was part of some experiment or anything really. What could he possibly say to justify it which wouldn't be bad?
Sometimes, I wish I would have died at birth. Sometimes, I wish I had died in Afghanistan. Sometimes, I wish I had died before meeting Stamford. Sometimes, I wish I had realised and told Sherlock how I felt. Sometimes, I feel like shit.
It was awkward because – there was so much between them, and first kisses were always a bit messy. Sherlock’s hands were big, and he was hesitant and sweet and John was sure that he was already addicted to Sherlock’s taste – and it was good.
"You loved her." Sherlock said. And he said it without resentment, without reproach or jealousy. He stated a fact.
Joan had had a long shift at the hospital, she was tired, sleepy, smiling one of those smiles that meant, "bollocks, you're a rubbish liar!"
He was still breathless, but with the intimacy of sharing his breath with Sherlock, with the warm silence surrounding them, he was also tingling with the feeling of Sherlock's skin against his own...and he wanted more, he wanted that for as long as Sherlock would have him.
Herman Bennett, the men who had kidnapped Joan Adams, the prison guard found dead in his flat, the two men who had shot Janine Hawkins and the surviving member of the team that had distracted agent Drake and detective inspector Lestrade had proved to be useless so far. None of them had given him answers or, at least, none that he deemed acceptable.
Sherlock  had told him that they were going over his two years abroad, cross checking names, places,  dates and, "boring and dull things like that."
The tall man looked calm, there was a careful blank look in his eyes, he had shot Janine and he was clearly the stronger of the two men in front of him.
No emotion in his voice. He said those words matter of factly, but only then did he register the presence of the other people in the room. The room itself was bare, except for the chair he was sitting on; the windows were painted black and there were neons on the ceiling.
Mycroft had failed when he had tried to make him quit drugs: rehab, intellectual reasoning had fallen on deaf ears, but the
That wasn’t the first time someone wanted to bring her in for questioning her. The last time she hadn’t been pregnant and the orders had been very different. The last time she had killed the people who had tried to bring her in, but realistically speaking the odds were not exactly in her favor. At the moment, at least.
One of Holmes’ men updated him: there were three people in the cellar (was one of them Gavril Sidorov? Because the bastard wasn’t anywhere else in the house); apparently, there were no explosives – they only needed Holmes’ word and
and John  didn’t have it in him to try and understand why. If he didn’t understand, if he didn’t see, maybe – just maybe John would save his daughter and Sherlock too.
“I know,” She had replied. She had hesitated, she had – looked at the man behind him and said, “Be careful –“
He stalked outside the room, grimacing in pain, because he couldn’t forget, not even for a minute, about the stitches and healing wounds on his body and went to the kitchen.
Sherlock paused the video, he turned and said, "A man's thumb had been cut off. We got the thumb as an incentive for me to play."
They were in a car, following one of the few threads they had: John’s GPS. It had been found out immediately, of course, but it had given them at least a start – and they had images of the car on which he had got in. It was not much, but it was what Drake had said they had to do, Mycroft’s direct orders, and he followed them.
“Are obviously meant to serve a double purpose, shall we avoid to point out the obvious?” Sherlock spat and John was irrationally glad for the scathing tone of his voice, it was a welcome change.
He couldn't tune John out, how easier (and barren, hollow) his life would have been if he had mastered that skill.
It had always been inevitable. He should have got that the first time he heard Sherlock say his name.
"Look at her face, Lestrade! Can't you even infer that much? She begged for her life; look at the armrests of the chair and the duct tape: she scraped the wood with her fingernails. She fought..." He paused, changing position (and subject), angling himself the way Janine was sitting, "The killers were there and watched her die."
. It smelled like John and him, it was where John would carefully drape an arm around his sides, right before he fell asleep, where he could feel him close and somehow it was different than during the day.
One more would not hurt, the SIS in him, said. He was thinking of what he had learned about Mary Morstan, about dates and logistics and yes, perhaps speaking with Joan would not be a bad idea, provided that she would be still safe.
He had known since the very first moment that it was a trap, he had known it was exactly what they had expected him to do....they had wanted him to hurt Sherlock, and he had. God helped  him...he had.
“You are not volunteering information either.” John had replied because he was supposed to say something, wasn’t he? Because he felt guilty about the spark of happiness his realization had brought him.
of their problems had been solved, but Sherlock had actually got a few hours of undisturbed, dreamless rest, which had sort of become a rare occurrence for him long before he had followed Herman Bennett two weeks before.
She blinked her eyes, focusing on what Sherlock had said, letting his words finally sink: Alex had not told her about being approached by any government operative, he had told her it was a well-paid job, a favour he owed. If he had told her the truth – what? She would have told him that it was dangerous? That he should know better than trusting government agencies after all the shit they had been through? Or would she have told him that they had done a good job themselves at disappearing and they did not need any help?
Kids. He had a daughter – they must have induced Mary’s labor, judging by the way she had moved, she had been given an epidural and probably a c-section. As far as he knew Mary had not had any problems during her pregnancy.
Sherlock interrupted him by pulling on his sleeve, he pulled him down until his hands could reach his face, he rested one on John's cheek and one his good shoulder and gently nudged them closer to his own face in a kiss that was far too inappropriate to have taken place in a hospital.
Not to mention how it feels to be around him. This sudden rush of blood as something shifts in your stomach; nostalgia washes over you as you recall the first time you saw someone worth getting butterflies over. You haven't felt this way since you were thirteen: in love, confused, full of ambition and hormones with no direction except now you have a direction. You feel your brain get pumped with endorphins and you fight the urge to crack a smile because you know he's watching you. Your pupils dilate as he stares into you, through you, reads you. You know he knows. When you give him a cuppa, he pauses, if only for a moment, holds your wrist and takes your pulse. He'll pretend his hand was lingering there for no reason or he'll make an incoherent gesture. Plus, you have a sneaking suspicion that these cases he's been taking lately aren't because they're interesting but because he needs a reason to keep you around. He needs a reason to call you. You watch as he "slips" of the stairs and injures himself. You nod as he asks you to stay for the day to help him of course. To bandage him. You smile as he suggest you stay the night-just to be on the safe side of course, can't risk an injury on such an important case. But He? Slips? Please like he didn't deduce the crap out of the stairs and the frigging likelihood of slipping. But you don't care because you want to be around him too.
They kissed slowly, one peck, then another, never stopping but never finishing either. Desires were controlled as both maintained eye contact and John felt like crying. He threw his arms around Sherlock and stayed there.
He kept on picturing countless movie and book scenes where someone cheats on someone and the cliche line that tips everyone off is, "You wanted to be caught."
It's just, when the funeral was over, when the crowds were gone and John was alone before everything, before the pills and drinks and hallucinations and Mary. When was left alone, he would look at Sherlock's chair and expect to see him, when he would opened the fridge he would expect to see body parts, he would listen for the sound of violin, he wondered why Sherlock was quiet and when nothing happened, when he remembered Sherlock Holmes was dead, John wouldn't know what to fo. He had cried himself dry. He just felt numb. Not empty, just hollow. As if a part was missing and needed to be filled. His body didn't seem like it belonged to him anymore. And when he tried to cry or laugh or be angry, he couldn't. But when he woke up after drinking, he felt something, he felt pain. When he took pills, he felt exhaustion. When he woke up in the hospital room, he felt horrible but at least he felt something. When his nails broke his skin, he felt like he was alive. It was funny really, feeling a step closer to death made him feel alive.
They kissed slowly, one peck, then another, never stopping but never finishing either. Desires were controlled as both maintained eye contact and John felt like crying. He threw his arms around Sherlock and stayed there.
And then, he saw Sherlock. A song he had listened to in his childhood came to mind, the lyrics went,
And at that moment, Sherlock did exactly what John had imagined. Once they touched, the air around them changed. They were grabbing and pulling everything in sight, wanting more and more, moans escaped from their mouths as they took turns taking each other lip's inside theirs, letting tongues slide against each other, tasting and learning everything, making fantasies come true. But eventually, when they stopped for air, John saw himself in Sherlock's eyes and he saw guilt. Sherlock didn't say or show anything, all the vulnerability John had seen seemed to melt away.
Another few months later, John got married. The two continued on as before. At least once a week, John stayed in his room with Sherlock.
Low expectations. John always had low expectations from everyone. He learnt a long time ago that the less you expected, the less disappointed you would be. When Harry became an alcoholic and he told her he wouldn't talk to her until she got clean, he didn't expect her to get clean for him. When he went to war, he didn't expect to come back alive. When he developed PTSD, he didn't expect therapy to end his nightmares. When he asked Sherlock for one more miracle, he didn't expect a not dead Sherlock towering over him at an over priced restaurant when he was about to propose.
So, John stayed quiet. They didn't talk or touch each other. It was comfortable, companionable, it was..nice. John woke up to Sherlock sleeping on his side with his arms around John.
Why did he let all this happen? Why did it happen? Why did Sherlock go? Why didn't he stay? Why didn't he?
Most of the time, he thought about everything that wasn't his life. Everything that could have been. Sometimes, John felt like he was in a box, in the literal sense. And the box was open just a bit, just enough to let a ray of sunlight shine on his pale skin, he could feel the warmth spread throughout his body from that one ray and he wanted more. He wanted more, he wanted to kick and hit and do everything in his power to open this box, to get out of this never ending, suffocating world that it made him want to hit his head against the box until it cracked open and bled all of his emotions and thoughts and dreams and everything out. But the thing is, he never did any of it. He never got out of the box, he never cracked his skull open, he just stayed there still.
The boy took increasingly long strides towards John, decreasing the distance exponentially between them until they were sheer inches apart.
Obviously, in the movies, the adulterer did not. But John did; in some ways he felt like he had been caught. He had been caught cheating when Sherlock saw him stuttering and stumbling over his words trying to tell a woman that he wanted to marry her. He was caught when Sherlock saw him make vows promising to love only her. He was caught when she announced they were pregnant. And Sherlock? He never said any of the movie lines. He never did any of it. He just stood still as John beat the life out of him, he just left early at the wedding, he just offered his name for the child and smiled. And, he looked at John in a way that made John feel transparent. How?
"Class dismissed. Don't- don't touch your books just write me a poem about something. Anything. I'll see you next week."
John moved closer to him. He wrapped an arm around him and rested his head on Sherlock's shoulder. Closing his eyes, he waited for sleep to take him. John saw Sherlock's hesitation but eventually felt him loosen against him and get comfortable.
John hadn't realised it, but he was currently pulling Sherlock closer by his collar to get a better grip and pummel him to death surrounded by different waiters stopping him in a different restaurant. Christ, he had to stop.
So, yes, John spent a great deal thinking about Sherlock. Did he consider wanking? Yes. Did he know it was creepy and disturbing to want to do so after what he had been through? Yes. Did he think it was weird to do it thinking of Sherlock? No. Did he wank? Uhh..ish? Does it count if one doesn't finish as one is walked in on by one's masturbatory fantasy in real life?
Mary's expression said it all. Of course, she wouldn't mention it. Bless her heart, she wouldn't, she'd do her best to hide her shock, fake a smile, wash, turn her back towards John and sleep.
"You and I used to spend a lot of time in each other's company before Mary, of course. And I have become accustomed to your companionship and would like the amount of time to stay the same. These additional occasional 8 hours help me ensure we are together the same amount we were before. If we're short, I take another case, make you run around so you're tired so you stay here."
John moaned into his neck. He felt Sherlock rut against him. God, he was so hard. He pulled him closer, desperate for the friction, any friction. But Sherlock was teasing, he was holding back, he wasn't going to let this be over so quickly. Sherlock!
Occasionally, at his therapists insistence, he would go to the graveyard but he wouldn't go anywhere near Sherlock's grave. He would walk around, avoiding it and then would go to therapy and say he visited Sherlock's grave. Such was the life of John Watson.
Months went by, John proposed to Mary and the two were making plans for the wedding. And one night, when it got late, John stayed at Sherlock's. As usual, Sherlock came into John's room and lay down. Then, John turned over and asked,
He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He slowly opened his mouth and mustered up the courage to speak, very gently, as if the words he was going to say would break Sherlock (or him), he spok- Wait, why was Sherlock snickering?
John never expected anything from everyone except himself. He expected his walls to stay up. He expected not to fall in love. He expected being safe. He expected not feeling betrayal. But he had disappointed himself. Why? Was it worth it, really?
And so, when he saw him, it wasn't just betrayal but it was knowing that Sherlock could do this to him, it was knowing he could and did stay away from him for two years optionally. John couldn't. He nearly didn't. And even when he kissed Mary, he imagined Sherlock's lips on his, slowly working their way down his neck, playing with his chest. When he did hug her, he imagined it was his body he held so close, so close in all the right places. When he did make love to her, he moaned and bit his lips to avoid saying his name when he came. When he smiled at her, he saw him behind her. When he told her he loved her, he pictured him. And Sherlock didn't seem to care for him all. He could fucking lie and cheat and die for two years without thinking of John.
John kept kicking him again and again and again and again. He didn't hear the sound of his foot thumping against his flesh, he didn't hear the splatter of blood, he didn't hear as the people behind him brought tissues to their faces, he didn't hear his own panting, all he heard was,
Sherlock stood still as John wrapped his arms around him and eventually, after looking into his eyes which asked if he wanted to do this, he embraced him. John kissed him. Hard. His hands went down to his waist and pulled him closer and closer, aching for friction in all the right places. Sherlock let out a moan that made John mad. The two rushed to Sherlock's bed.
John opened his mouth, the words were on the tip of his tongue and the two stared at each other, their knees brushing against each other. They leaned in closer and closer.
John took a moment to process it all. This was weird even for Sherlock. This wasn't normal. But when was anything ever normal for them?
John, out of habit, scoffed at Sherlock. The man began to approach them and spewed out rehearsed lines about domestic abuse when John stopped him, saying,
Because the thing is, before A.G.R.A, before Rosie was born, when Mary was six months away from giving birth, John went to 221b Baker Street. He looked and Sherlock and said, "Sod it."
His mind flashed to the first time he set his eyes on the man and he asked, out of all things in the world,
So, yes, John spent a great deal thinking about Sherlock. Did he consider wanking? Yes. Did he know it was creepy and disturbing to want to do so after what he had been through? Yes. Did he think it was weird to do it thinking of Sherlock? No. Did he wank? Uhh..ish? Does it count if one doesn't finish as one is walked in on by one's masturbatory fantasy in real life?
John hadn't realised it, but he was currently attempting to head the already bleeding Sherlock while more waiters in a terribly unhygienic excuse for a cafe tried to stop him. His nose was broken. John's mind flashed to all the stitches he had stitched onto the man, all the scars he had healed, all the ailments he had fixed, all the colds he had made him soup for, all the burns he had treated. Good. John didn't have to treat him anymore.
But then Mary came, and she was so different than Sherlock. Every bit of her was different. Mary. The thing about Mary was that she was his.
He went back home to Mary and she continued on as if nothing had ever happened, nothing had changed. In her defense, she didn't know John had kissed Sherlock, she didn't know he wasn't loyal. But how could he tell her? How could he tell her that after all they had been through she was just someone or even something to make him distracted? How could he? After all she had done for him?
John chuckled. Sherlock was, no doubt, in extreme pain; that pain was not comparable to the unbearable suffering John was failing to face.
But John wasn't sure if Sherlock know why John felt guilty. He didn't know how to explain he felt guilty marrying Mary not only because it was the wrong thing to do to Mary, but that it had destroyed the potential of a relationship with Sherlock. Sometimes, John wanted to tell Mary what they had done. Sometimes, he wondered if Sherlock wanted the same thing. Other times, he thought about his future child.
The problem was, John knew the exact moment he let down his walls. He knew the exact moment he had fallen in love. He knew when he gave Sherlock the power to hurt him. He just didn't know Sherlock would ever use that power. He remembered the pool, remembered feeling Sherlock would do anything for him.
But John wasn't sure if Sherlock know why John felt guilty. He didn't know how to explain he felt guilty marrying Mary not only because it was the wrong thing to do to Mary, but that it had destroyed the potential of a relationship with Sherlock. Sometimes, John wanted to tell Mary would they had done. Sometimes, he wondered if Sherlock wanted the same thing. Other times, he thought about his future child.
But then again, Sherlock had always exceeded his expectations, he had never failed to surprise him. Obviously, in death, it would be the same. John knew that. But when he saw Sherlock, when he clenched his teeth as his lips curned in a deceitful smile, as his fingers turned to fists that violently slammed against the table, as he became oblivious to his surroundings, he asked,
But everything was the same. Sure, smiled and laughed and let their knees brush against each other and at times, said his name when he came but mostly, it was the same cold, stern, arrogant, brilliant, kind, beautiful Sherlock who was only his best friend. John wasn't gay, Sherlock was asexual. It was like old times.
But God, he wanted to. Because the thing is, like desire, grief is invisible. Pain is invisible. It wasn't crying out loud, it wasn't hugging everyone you know. It was something else entirely. It was faking a smile until everyone left the room and even then, even then, not allowing yourself to cry. It was slowly declining meals and losing weight but losing it so slowly that no one noticed. It was avoiding sleep and getting so used to being drunk all the time that you felt sober. Some people smile with their entire face, you know? Not just their lips but their eyes. You know someone old lived a happy life when they're wrinkles around their eyes. John eyes did not wrinkle, not anymore because no matter how hard he tried, his eyes, if one cared to stare in them deep enough, long enough would notice he was broken. But no one noticed except John himself. When he looked into Sherlock's eyes, he saw his own reflection staring back at him and be realised his pain was showing, his desire for Sherlock was showing, he was no longer invisible. And it scared him. It scared the hell out of him. Vulnerability was something he'd buried. Sentiment was something he had shed. His walls were up so strong he realised, he hadn't even let himself in. And when Sherlock broke his walls down, John didn't walk inside with him, he didn't jump off the building with him, he merely watched and cried out his name as he joined off the very walls John has built to keep him out to his death. Sherlock hadn't just killed himself, he'd killed John. He went to hail a cab and called Mary. She smiled at him. John didn't glance at Sherlock as he stepped into the cab. He didnt think about him as Mary comforted him. He didn't dream about him. He didnt think about him. He didnt think about anything.
And at that moment, Sherlock did exactly what John had imagined. Once they touched, the air around them changed. They were grabbing and pulling everything in sight, wanting more and more, moans escaped from their mouths as they took turns taking each other lip's inside theirs, letting tongues slide against each other, tasting and learning everything, making fantasies come true. But eventually, when they stopped for air, John saw himself in Sherlock's eyes and he saw guilt. Sherlock didn't say or show anything, all the vulnerability John had seen seemed to melt away.
It was Wednesday. John was doing better. There were fewer nightmares but more hallucinations. He would see Sherlock everywhere even in places Sherlock wouldn't go to if he was alive. He talked to him (it? Which pronouns does one use to referring to one's hallucinations?) in the grocery store, making snarky remarks about the milk and the lining of products. He giggled to himself when he heard Sherlock make deductions about the customers, how that one particular gentleman is buying a peach after seeing Call Me By Your Name, how the cashier is a closeted lesbian with a massive crush on her best friend (ironic, much?), how that one man buying a spray tan lied to his friends about going to vacation in Italy and so on. But this imaginary Sherlock wasn't just for entertainment.
John watched as his best friend threw away his phone and so, threw away the only way to talk to John and stepped forward. He watched in disbelief as Sherlock's body fell towards Earth, pray to gravity. And for a moment, for a moment, John hoped, wished, dreamed, believed, Sherlock could fly. He smiled, please, let him fly. But was then hit by a cycle and landed like his friend, smack on the floor.
He kept on picturing countless movie and book scenes where someone cheats on someone and the cliche line that tips everyone off is, "You wanted to be caught."
Sherlock had called. He called. He didn't text. John answered without thinking. He let Sherlock's voice engulf him. He didn't ask why he had called, just answered, truthfully.
I went to see him today. I went with flowers, don't remember which ones. I stood there and for a moment, I wanted to get a knife and carve my heart out and just put it in his chest. I wanted him to live. And if his heart couldn't beat, mine would best hard enough for both of us.
"Anyway, what is truly ironic about these blokes is the fact that whatever they did was not to make a name, all of what they did had a different reason e-entirely. You see, all of them, they all- they all just had this- this love for poetry. And I-I reckon you should um, leave this class if you lack it."
His mind flashed to the first time he set his eyes on the man and he asked, out of all things in the world,
He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He slowly opened his mouth and mustered up the courage to speak, very gently, as if the words he was going to say would break Sherlock (or him), he spok- Wait, why was Sherlock snickering?
And then, he saw Sherlock. A song he had listened to in his childhood came to mind, the lyrics went,
Because he couldn't remember doing anything good in his adulthood. Not anything good enough to get Sherlock in return, to get happiness in return because everytime he saw him, he felt as though there was no box, there were no what ifs, there was nothing but them. He felt funnier around him, he felt confident, he felt like air, and he found that, through Sherlock, he could love himself. But that wasn't the best part. It was knowing that Sherlock loved him as much as he loved him back. Even if he hadn't said it to him, even if they weren't doing whatever they were doing before, Sherlock was still Sherlock. And to John, Sherlock was transparent.
But God, he wanted to. Beacuse the thing is, like desire, grief is invisible. Pain is invisible. It wasn't crying out loud, it wasn't hugging everyone you know. It was something else entirely. It was faking a smile until everyone left the room and even then, even then, not allowing yourself to cry. It was slowly declining meals and losing weight but losing it so slowly that no one noticed. It was avoiding sleep and getting so used to being drunk all the time that you felt sober. It sucked.
Sometimes, late at night, when John did acknowledge the fact that Sherlock was simply a figment of his imagination, he wondered if it was narcissistic to fall in love with him. He was, afterall, a part of his own mind. Sometimes, he wondered if this was Sherlock's ghost. He wished it was. Sometimes, he forgot Sherlock had died and that would hurt the most. The moment someone stares at him when he talks to the air in the grocery store, the moment he sees Mary when he says his name, the moment Mycroft doesn't say anything in response to Sherlock's remark about his weight, the moment Greg doesn't say Sherlock after he says John. That hurts the most.
And then, he found a little silver USB with the words A.G.R.A written in black marker and he listened as Sherlock made a vow to protect his wife.
To say that John felt horrible was a gross understatement. To say that John wanted to cut his leg off for hurting Sherlock was also an understatement.
Beacuse the thing is, before A.G.R.A, before Rosie was born, when Mary was six months away from giving birth, John went to 221b Baker Street. He looked at Sherlock and said, "Sod it."
How do you put it into words? Something like that? Ask an addict to explain why he injects shit in his veins and he'll stumble over his words like I do. Ask a fool to explain why he continues to make love with lustful eyes to the person who hurts him most and he'll be as flustered as I am. Ask a married man why he's still married even though he loves another. He'll get confused and panic. Ask me. I'm confused and panicking.
Problem was, things changed. In a funny way, really. It reminded John of something he'd read before how even though it seemed like everyday was the same, when you looked back, you realise, everything has changed. But that was the problem. Rather than change, rather than go from "Bachelor John Watson" to "oh, hes with the missus", he returned to "Sherlock's flatmate." Everything changed, but it didnt go forward, it went back. It was almost as if Sherlock had never left but whenever John woke up to Sherlock sleeping, he remembered seeing him on the floor with blood splattered all around him, his face hidden from view. He remembered seeing Mycroft smoke, the fiery embers leaving his silent killer and crushing on the floor, making the pavement darker than it ought to be. He remembered grief, pain and eventually, numbness. When he got so used to it all, he no longer remembered what it meant to be happy. He thought, what if Sherlock died again? What if I never have this moment again? Why don't i just fucking carpe diem it and see what happens? What if I go near him and put my arms around his, pull him closer and closer until we're inhaling the same air, until I can see all of him, his vulnerable emotions, his brilliant thoughts, his eyes that can never seem to decide on a color, until we have no choice but to give in, let our lips meet in a much anticipated kiss?
It wasn’t pictures of Herman Bennett’s victims and it wasn’t pictures of Sherlock in the man’s basement, either. But he had been right about something: those pictures
“I know we don’t have much time and you talking and asking things won’t change a thing –“ Mary said. She stepped closer to the glass and her voice dropped, she spoke in Serbian and said, “I’ve been torturing you for years, Sherlock, in any way I could. Big brother couldn't help you then, and cannot help you now!”
He blinked. That was a sore subject, one Doctor Hood didn’t often broach, but when he did he always said the truth.
Because – there were stars in the sky and she was wearing his jacket and she looked stunning and he wanted to keep looking at her.
Moriarty nodded, “Hence all the bodies you piled up – you really should have died that day, I told you it would have been easier.”
Sherlock shook his head but looked at him when he said, “Apparently, I’ve been living with fractured memories all my life. Resting doesn’t sound like a good idea right now,”
He switched on the phone, but it was password protected and he was in no hurry to find out the password, he was sure he would be given it when he went to Mary’s house.
A crime scene, John had smelled like Mary, like her shampoo, blonde hair on his coat, a hickey on his neck, hidden by a scarf. A restaurant, John had been laughing, but his mobile phone had been on the table, his fingers grazing it, waiting for her call, for a message.
“John –“ He said and there was genuine surprise and awe in his voice as he held the violin in his hands. It was – the best he had found in London, he had spent hours searching for it, first online and then in stores. Sherlock’s violin had been destructed by the explosion, but it was time to rebuild: their lives, their memories.
John blinked. He hadn't thought about his sister and Sherlock was probably erring on the side of caution, but he didn’t have it in him to tell Sherlock that Harry was probably safe.
He had been right, then: there was one hell of a personal grudge behind everything that had happened. Not that it made him feel any better. He said as much and Mycroft said, “In part, yes.”
John wished he could tell the man something to reassure him, he was about to speak when William said, “What happened to him?”
Did she want the play by play of what had happened? She must have read the autopsy report because the way she had stepped back, held the gun and the position she was standing in was compatible with the wound to the back of the head of
psychotherapists wanted to talk about. It was hard as it was to just breath in certain moments, he could not – talk. Not yet. He needed to be there for Sherlock.
Because Sherlock Holmes had broken his heart once and, years later, he was still picking up the pieces.
“I miss you,” John said, and it didn’t make any sense because Sherlock was there – right there, in front of him, he had to crane his neck to look at him; Sherlock had taken off his jacket and had rolled up his shirt’s sleeves. Jesus – how could he not see? He had to know how and what his body did to him.
John thought that he was supposed to be with Sherlock because they didn’t have much time, but he wasn’t with him.
Sherlock waved a hand, not bothering to answer him, but he knew what he would say next, he knew it from the set of his shoulders and the look in his eyes. “I’m leaving the hospital tomorrow.” Sherlock said, looking at his brother and for once there wasn’t resentment in him, his voice was remarkably lacking its usual edge when he said, “Tell Lestrade that I’ll need to see the house before visiting Bennett. Might do again after. The less annoying officers the better.”
“I thought I had got them all; I thought I had plucked out each and every thread of his web.” Sherlock said, and John wasn’t sure he had ever heard Sherlock’s voice so filled with contempt – toward himself. Of all people!
He said that he was sorry for his loss, he wasn’t sure that he meant it, but it was the best he could do under the circumstances. He could be a bastard to Victor, an utter arsehole and get the information he needed anyway  - but that would not help John, and Victor had been dragged into that scheme because of him. He could at least muster some civility,  even if it was useless,  even it was a colossal waste of time.
No. It wouldn’t. But after so long spent being rational and keeping up a facade she didn’t care, she wanted answers.
“Listen – William and Joan are getting married next month. You met William, right? I was thinking that I would be, that is, if you want – “He was an idiot, he was babbling; it was Molly and him!
He remembered the metal chafing against his wrists and naked skin; it had not been the worst he had experienced until that point, not by any stretch of imagination, he had not truly been afraid. Not at first.
He was used to violence, he was used to blood, he had spent the past few weeks trying to come to terms with the way his subconscious tried to fuck with him, night after night, but that had been ever worse, somehow – because it did not matter how disgusting and terrifying his nightmares had become, Sherlock was always there when he opened his eyes, without saying a word more often than not, but he scooted closer or used his encyclopaedic knowledge of random things to distract him.
Mary tilted her head on her side and said, “Yes, you are starting to. I can see it in your eyes. You love games -”
The man was looking at him while drinking his coffee. “You look tired.” He said after a moment. John sighed. “Doctor Hood…” He said.
He blinked his eyes. He had torn Mr Bennett’s cell apart, even if he had but a vague recollection of it and it would be utterly easy to do the same thing in that room. No one would care, no one would see, no one would know – but how would that change things? How would it help him find John and bring him and his daughter home?
mattered. And yes, he had promised he would not go in too deep. He had looked at John in the eyes and had promised him and had meant to honor his request at the time. He truly had.
He noticed other details that he had missed: Sherlock had a split lip, it was a small but deep wound on his lower lip; it was stupid to become fixed on that small wound, but John couldn’t stop looking at it. Sherlock’s lips twitched, and John blinked his eyes and tilted his eyes up. It had been less than ten hours since Sherlock had walked toward Bennett, his hands up, his coat swirling around him; mere hours – and each and any of them was etched on Sherlock’s face, on the lines of pain around his eyes and mouth, in the stormy grey of his eyes, too bright and naked.
hinted at someone above him, someone that wasn’t Jim Moriarty. He hadn’t said Jim Moriarty’s name, not even once. There hadn’t been any rant about the dead man.
He froze. Did he really think that Sherlock had not been aware of his movements? That even now he wasn’t doing everything he could to protect him?
Sherlock had not objected to him staying during his medical exams. He had had no troubles letting him hear how long it had taken Herman Bennett to carve Moriarty’s name on his chest while he talked to both Greg and the plastic surgeon – he had clammed up and kept him out only with the other things.
Apparently not only had Sherlock started to play for real, but things were going more quickly than expected.
That moment had played itself out in thousands of different ways in her mind: but it usually featured Sherlock on his knees, with the barrel of a gun pressed against the back of his head, after she was done being creative with him.
He didn’t even know whether Sherlock would have wanted to have sex with him under other circumstances. He didn’t even know how many lovers (if any) Sherlock had had.
Where was he? There were still drugs in his system, he could feel the effects on his limbs, in the way his skin itched and he could only see Mary, and the
He had got into the small room in Herman Bennett’s basement, he had shot the bastard with his trousers and pants down, literally,  he had seen Sherlock before the younger man could even have the time to pretend that everything was okay, he had unchained him. He had taken his statement, later, he had heard the words he had said. He had read the medical chart, he had been the one who had held in his hands his rape kit and given it to Mycroft’s assistant. Procedure be damned.
The man spoke, he had a nice, deep voice. He said the names of all the people closest to Sherlock and their addresses, he told him the address of the safe house where Mrs. Hudson was residing, he even mentioned Anderson and his home address.
abhorrent, he had imagined hurting him, he wanted to hurt him – to make him bleed, but as much as he wanted he couldn’t. That man, that bastard who had tortured the man he loved, who had raped him and carved James Moriarty’s name on Sherlock’s chest might help him save his daughter.
He supposed that he ought to thank Herman Bennett for that, for reminding him of the truth. It had been an appallingly careless strategic mistake from whoever was on top of that game.
cry in front of everyone. She would not –be weak. That was not what Sherlock needed, what her friends needed.
“When I came back – after it was over, I needed to breathe London in, I needed to feel it. She hadn’t changed, unlike everything else in my life. I couldn’t see that, is it the same for you?”
even if he hadn’t left Sherlock’s side ever since he had entered Bennett’s house, there had been long stretches of silences and words said in the wrong tone of voice: soft when it should have been harsh, genuinely inquisitive when it should have been derisive.
– even though he loved Sherlock with every fiber of his being and would leave Mary in a heartbeat if Sherlock told him it was safe to leave her.
He wondered, for a moment, why the headstone had not been removed, he must have deleted the reason – he vaguely recalled a conversation with Mycroft about it and how deeply uninterested he had been in it, insofar that he genuinely had no clue as to why that piece of marble had not been moved.
John smiled sadly and wrapped his arms tightly around her, “Hi, Mrs. Turner...” He whispered quietly.
Mycroft drew a long slow breath. “Sherlock, you don’t give me enough credit. I can see how happy he makes you and I can see how much you need him. I can also see how much he’s helping… Hell, I wouldn’t kick him out even if he killed our father.”
“BUT WHAT DID I DO!!!” He screamed and tugged at his hair, it was too much. All of this was too much, and yet it wasn’t enough at the same time.
Sigar rolled his eyes and then cocked the gun. Sherlock drew in a sharp breath as he pushed John down the steps to protect him. He heard John yelp, but it was washed out by the sound of a gunshot. He waited for the pain that never came and then his eyes flickered back to his father, who was staring at Mycroft in shock. He looked as he saw one of the men, who came with his father, on the floor bleeding to death.
Lily yawned and squeezed his hand, “It’s late. Come back tomorrow? And do me a favour, try your hardest not to push John away and yell at him. He can only take so much, love.”
John shakes his head and stares at him, “I’m getting married Sherlock! Do you not understand that? You know, I think coming here was a bad idea! I’m sorry I bothered you!” He stormed for the door and stopped. “I’m fucking pissed at you... and I don't think I’ll ever get over it to be honest, but I would like you to come to my wedding... after that I don’t want to see you again.” He wants to... He wants to so badly, but this is for the best.
Lily nodded some, “Yes, of course, Dear.” Slipping further down into the bed and wiggling into a comfortable position, she smiled softly and then watched as they left.
His father reacted quickly, however, and threw Harry aside so that she slammed into the wall, but that was all fine with John because at least she was coughing and gasping for air – at least she was
Sherlock was still standing on the sofa looking at the pictures he had drawn when he heard it. His eyes widened and he was completely shocked for a moment. He had no idea what to do, but then his legs finally caught up with his brain and he was running. He ran down the stairs and swung the door opened and then halted a bit as he saw the man with his hand raised about to knock on the door.
Anyway since this is the end i love you all! And if you enjoyed my stories you should check out some of my other ones! (:
Her heart clenched slightly and she looked down, “I don’t want that to happen... please hurry.” She practically whimpered.
Sherlock, however, was wrong. John very much noticed the way Sherlock's hand brushed against his and the way it felt. Warm, but yet somehow cold. It felt amazing even though it was just a slight touch and he couldn’t stop himself from grabbing Sherlock's hand completely. Forgetting about everything. Forgetting about the fact that he was homeless. Forgetting about how he felt like being gay was a problem because everyone seemed to think it was a disease. Forgetting about all the abuse he had endured from his father ever since he could remember. Just… forgetting. He entwined their fingers together and closed his eyes. He then had to open them again because he was walking and he didn’t want to trip because wouldn’t that be embarrassing.
"FATHER STOP!!" John faintly heard Harry's raspy voice call from somewhere in the distance, "I- I have a girlfriend! Her name is Clara! I love her and I'm planning to run away with her!"
“I- I’m not quite sure I’m ready for that…” He took a breath, “But we are getting there. I still want to hear the whole story. Why you did it. Why you couldn’t tell me. What happened while you were away…” He said quietly.
Also for some reason this chapter was just so hard for me to write and I kept leaving it...But I think it turned out quite nice and I hope you all enjoy it.
John blinked a bit and then turned towards the voice. A girl around his age with long blonde hair and perky breasts was grinning at him. She dressed in a white skirt that ended about mid thigh and a pink short sleeved shirt. She wasn’t really showing any cleavage, but the shirt was tight enough to show that she had a very nice stomach underneath it. She also was showing a tiny bit of midriff and it was definitely defined. John licked his lips and trailed his eyes back up to her face, “Hi...” He mumbled. What the fuck was this about? He was gay… never in his life had he been attracted to a woman, and currently he was eyeing her up. Right… because that made perfect sense.
Claire sighed as she shut the door and walked up the stairs, going back into the flat. John was still in his room and she suspected he wouldn't be coming out for a while. She walked to the door and gently knocked and when she didn't hear an answer she just pushed herself right in. She knew it was an invasion of privacy and that normally you should wait to be given permission to enter, but this was different and they both knew that.
He swallowed and pushed the thought of John out of his head, he couldn't bear to think about John right now because if the worst thing had happened it would utterly destroy him. The front door swung open and Sherlock ignored it until he felt something light drop onto his stomach. He blinked as he sat up quickly and smiled brightly at the crisp white letter lying on his chest.
A few days later John was lying in his own bed when he had the overwhelming urge to shower. “Darling.” He said so sweetly.
Sherlock gasped and squeezed his eyes shut, “You said you wanted John...” God, why did he leave? That was so, so stupid. Even if he did want John, he literally gave him the perfect opportunity to attack either of them.
John stayed by Sherlock's side constantly and never left it. He didn’t want Sherlock to be alone, not even for a second. Most of the time they just sat there in peaceful silence, but other times they talked about nothing in particular. Sherlock was getting edgy and would snap at John a lot more as the days wore on and on with no end of leaving in sight, but John knew he was just tired and angry. He’d gone through a lot and John wasn’t going to hold that against him. A week had past and John was sitting in the chair that he always sat in. Sherlock was reading a book about worms and then sighed and set it down.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but was smiling and together they walked out of the doctor’s office and went home.
...” He breathed. “And if the roles were reversed now... I would stay... I wouldn’t try it... I would stay because you would want me to, and because we are both grown and mature now.”
Sherlock's mother started having a coughing fit and about dropped the fine china plate she was currently holding. “A friend…?” She echoed slightly. She didn’t even register the second half of that sentence because since when did Sherlock have friends? And since when did he bring them home?
And then Sherlock got the message about the body on the beach and they were off again, old woman forgotten. John was almost certain the little boy was going to die as well, but Sherlock managed to solve it just in time.
He sighed, “what he did to you and my brother was not okay... and normally, in any other circumstances, I would not condone this behaviour from you. However, these aren’t normal circumstances… go get him.” He whispered and threw a pair of keys at John, he pointedly didn’t tell him that Sigar was also the reason Sherlock had the funds to buy more drugs. He wasn’t even sure if John knew about the drugs… if he was a betting man he would say John was clueless. Because with everything John was dealing with from Sherlock right now, he knew John would just up and leave if he found out. But… perhaps he was wrong.
“I’m really disappointed Lily. This meal has been extremely boring and frankly it wasn’t that good. The soup was cold, the salad was mushy, and salmon is over cooked.” He gave a look of disgust and pushed his plate away. “But then again… You never really could cook. I don’t even get why you even try anymore.”
you and you just told me the world would be a better place if I was the one who had jumped instead of you! That I should just kill myself now because I was a waste of oxygen! And now- now that I'm
John jolted awake and fell out of the bed. He landed on the floor much harder than he did the previous morning. John groaned, but then stood up quickly. As much as it hurt he didn’t want to upset his father.
John stood tall, shoulders back, face hard. He didn’t want to kill him, not yet, but he wanted to make him hurt so he shot him right in the stomach, “I said shut up.” He growled in a low voice, his Captain John Watson voice, he hardly ever used it, but at times it made itself known, “If you think Sherlock controls my life – if you think I would let him control
Sherlock sighed and didn’t look up from his book. They weren’t worth his time and he definitely didn’t want to give him the satisfaction of making him believe he was actually interested in what he had to say. He probably just came over to call him some names, push him around a bit, and then he would leave. He had John now so he didn’t care what they thought of him anymore. “Yes, Brian?” He sighed, with his nose still buried in the book.
John smiled sadly and walked over to her, “Hi.” He said quietly and gave her a light hug, he wanted to squeeze her, but he didn’t want to hurt her so he kept it light.
Claire woke up immediately and ran to him, she was usually a light sleeper, but she was just so exhausted that she didn’t hear him running everywhere, “John? John!” She dropped to the floor next to him and picked him up, “John! Shhh. It’s alright. What’s wrong? What happened?”
Blake nodded and scurried out of the room. God he was glad that was over. One of these days he hoped John got caught because he was absolutely sick of living as a slave.
ALSO I'LL PROBABLY DIE BEFORE I POST THIS BECAUSE THERE IS LEGIT STABBING PAIN HAPPENING IN MY KIDNEY!!! The other day I had a heart attack and then went driving... that was fun!
He nodded once and then jerked his head towards the door, “Alright, go wait outside I just need to say goodbye to one of my friends.” He said a bit awkwardly, but she understood.
She smirked and rolled her eyes, “Well, I think that’s rather a giveaway considering it is mid-morning and you are at a bar all by your lonesome. Wanna talk about it?” Clearly she liked American terms better than British ones, or perhaps she had one American parent while the other was a Brit. John wasn’t like Sherlock, he couldn’t figure things out the way Sherlock could.
Sherlock looked at Brian for a long moment. “Ok. You can go now…” He said awkwardly. Clearly Brian was here just to talk to John and now that John was gone he felt out of place.
The Doctor grinned brightly. “Of course!! Come on then!” He smirked and walked out of the flat, knowing that Sherlock would follow him.
John's face paled, grabbing his hand was one thing, but to just say that so bluntly!? And also he didn’t even know for sure what he was. He also knew it was irrational, but he couldn’t help but think that Lily would kick him out of their home too because of what Sherlock had said. Most people didn’t accept homosexuals and he didn’t want to be kicked out of two houses in less than a two-and-a-half-hour time period. That would have had to be some sort of record.
They all sat on the grass and John was lost in thought. A week... only a week and then the life he thought he knew would be gone. He would have a different schedule and he would live in a different place... he would have to make new friends, he would have to learn new things, and he would have to work his arse off. He would have to follow orders and he would be so alone, but it would make him better and in the end John was sure it would be worth it. He was snapped out of his thoughts by one of his friends poking his shoe.
OH MY GOD YOU GUYS IM GOING TO THROW MY FUCKING COMPUTER OUT OF THE WINDOW!!! I HAVE TWO LAPTOPS AND THEY ARE BOTH BROKEN AND IT HAS LITERALLY TAKEN ME THREE HOURS TO TRY AND POST THIS BECAUSE THERE ARE SO MANY POP UPS AND ITS REDIRECTING ME PLACES AND IM GOING TO FUCKING SCREAM!!!
John swallowed hard and looked away, looking away felt better than looking down, “I- I was just hoping you didn’t mean it...”
John had no idea where Mycroft was, but he also didn’t care... if Mycroft was going to come and get him, John would let him, but Mycroft never showed up.
Sherlock cleared his throat awkwardly and rested his hand on John’s knee. “Father, I’m trying really hard. Please, stop talking to my partner like that.” He said as firmly as he could, while still sounding polite.
“It would look a bit weird if I wasn’t here... don’t you think?” He tried to joke, but it just came out sounding dry.
John sniffled and looked at him with black eyes. His pupils were blown so much that he could barely make out the dark blue that was just a thin line around the black. “What kind of story…” He whispered.
John shrugged. “It’s not like you haven’t seen it before. Plus, I don’t want to get redressed only to undress again.”
Claire’s shift ended twenty minutes after John had left with that woman. She knew she hurt him and she wanted to apologise, but he was probably naked and fucking her right now so she decided to wait until the morning. She started walking in the direction of her flat, which also happened to be the opposite direction of John's flat. When she got halfway home she turned around and started walking to John’s place.
Lily perked up and smiled at John lovingly. “Oh I did, dear! I’m glad you enjoy it!” They all heard Sigar scoff in the background, but all of them chose to ignore it. John wasn’t about to yell at a man that he was trying to impress. He wasn’t trying to impress him for his sake, but Sherlock clearly cared what his father thought so he would be on his best behaviour for him.
However, Sherlock didn’t have time to respond because the next thing John knew his eyes were rolling back into his head and the sounds of the machines were beeping like crazy. Nurses ran into the room and started working on Sherlock furiously. John choked on a sob and couldn’t believe what was happening, “BUT HE WAS FINE JUST A MINUTE AGO!!!” He screamed and then two bigger men – security he took it – were carrying him out of the room and into the lobby to wait.
Sherlock walked around aimlessly, enjoying all of the sights he was looking at. Everything was so different and amazing! He peered in a lot of the shop windows and walked around the streets, looking at the funny little devices most of the humans seemed to have attached to their hands or face. Sherlock wondered what they did and what they were for. He made his way into a park, it was Regents Park and he grinned brightly because the park next to his flat was still here. He looked up at the sky and trees admiring how much they have grown, and how the sky looks exactly the same, when he felt his body colliding into something and then he was falling.
She just gave him a look that basically said ‘not another word or so help me…’ Expect Sigar was never really intimidated by his wife and he knew that his wife wouldn’t do anything even if he did say another word. So he simply nodded and gave a fake smile. “Well, I’m famished! Shall we eat?”
“Really Brian? I thought we were over this phase of yours…” Sherlock sighed loudly, though his heart was pounding on the inside of his chest and he feared John would hurt him again. John did promise he wouldn’t, but Sherlock wasn’t sure if John could handle his reputation getting destroyed at this point in time.
Sherlock smiled softly and lifted his head up just a bit to kiss him deeply. He pulled away slightly after a moment and nuzzled to his cheek, “I love you, too. Now, let’s go home...”
John's heart hurt because he understood everything Sherlock was saying. Even though he didn’t have friends he could understand. He knew it was silly, but he always fantasised about having friends... and then he would have nightmares that when he stopped being clever they would leave him because they weren’t there for him, they were there for his brain, “Sherlock... I’m not here because you can solve cases...”
“YOU COULD HAVE DIED!!! AGAIN!! DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT THE BLOODY HELL THAT WOULD HAVE DONE TO ME? OH NO BECAUSE YOU’RE SHERLOCK HOLMES AND YOU ALWAYS ONLY THINK ABOUT YOURSELF!!!!” John tries to stop, he really does, but he can't and everything hurt. The three years Sherlock was away broke him and he doesn’t know if he will ever be the same again.
Yes, John had avoided actually hitting him after they had tumbled down the hill, but he was screaming things. Awful things… and all because he wanted to make a show for his so called ‘friends’. Sherlock growled to himself as he turned off the sink. Why would John want to impress those people anyway? What kind of people would want to hang out with others that got off on violence? No, he would go home. He would let them win, but only because he needed time alone, time to think. And even though it made him livid and angry and he was so very stupid for it. He had already forgiven John. Sure, he was mad at him, he was madder than hell, but he had forgiven him and that’s all that mattered.
“Eight million pounds because I don’t want you to just hurt him physically, John. I want you to go in there and break his heart into a million pieces! Make him feel what I’m feeling now and you’ll do that by becoming his flatmate. I heard he’s looking for one because the one he has now is about to move out. Also the one servant that you have that you actually let leave your mansion knows him. They work together... Mike Stanford... Once you’ve done that I want you to torture him for months before you finally allow that scumbag to die. Personally if you could torture him for years that would be brilliant too. Keep him alive as long as you can! But John... make sure he falls in love with you before you torture him!”
“That being said...” He whispered as he put the cloth on the floor. He laid back down and stroked John's face, “I love you more than words can describe. And I know you feel the same, you’ll always feel the same. Even if we decide to go our separate ways in the future.”
!!!" He screamed and stood up from his chair roughly. It scrapped against the floor and then fell back, not able to handle the force John pushed it with.
Sherlock sighed impatiently and John could tell he was just resisting the urge to roll his eyes, “Which is it? Afghanistan or Iraq?”
He slowly pulled his hands out of the dirt and turned to face John. He buried his face into John's chest and kept crying, he didn’t even realise John had knelt down next to him, but he was incredibly grateful, “It hurts so bad, John! Make it stop!! Please!!” He cried and cried. John didn’t say anything though, he just held him a bit tighter until he fell asleep in the other boy’s arms.
anyway guys!!! You'll be pleased to know i am going to try out for the voice! I was going to do it in Feb. but that's just too soon... so 2016 babes!
“Mmm, I think it is. You think the letters are your last chance to try and save your relationship, or more accurately to bring the old Sherlock back. Newsflash, John Watson, but I destroyed him, I killed him long ago. I know my son and I know that he’s never going to forgive you, even though you weren’t the one who did any of this.” He smirked darkly, leaning forward in his seat.
“Yes! Now, if you’ll excuse me, I am late!” He smiled again and grabbed an orange from the counter, before dashing out the door.
John sighed as he picked at his food. It was a nice day outside, sure, but he just wished that he could be sitting on the grass eating lunch with Sherlock. After his little confession last night, John had felt like the worst boyfriend known in existence. Not because he didn’t know, but because he didn’t really say much after… he had no idea what to say! And then he just fell asleep like a prick. It was probably better that way anyway; Sherlock didn’t like to deal with emotion. Still… the thought of not being there for Sherlock after he said that hurt a bit.
John whimpered as he heard Sherlock repeat his Sigar’s words from the first night he met him. “SHUT UP!! YOU DONT MEAN THAT!!!” He croaked out, tears prickling his eyes, but he refused to let them fall, “I know you don’t! You got shot, Sherlock, for me! You- you told me you loved me...” His eyes widened and he felt like he had been stabbed in the heart with a dull knife. “WE HAD SEX! I gave myself to you! I- I GAVE YOU EVERYTHING! And that meant nothing to you? I don’t just give my body around – I… it has to mean something! – it
John's heart throbbed in his chest and he slowly stood up, “Okay... okay, yeah. We can go do whatever you want.” Hair around his neck wasn’t that bad, and if it helped Sherlock feel better he was going to do it in a heartbeat.
Okay guys... I had something serious to talk about here... AND NOW I CAN'T REMEMBER!!! faaaaacccccckkk. Sooooo anyway it ends on a cliff hanger.... terribly sorry about that... but am I really?!?! ((;
“You weren’t ready... What is done is done, John. You can’t change what had happened so there is absolutely no point in complaining about it and regretting the moment. I am a firm believer that everything happens for a reason. There are no coincidences, or luck, or anything else of the sort. Whatever happens, happens and they lead us to the path where we are supposed to be... You may think that sounds stupid, I know, but that’s what I think and I don’t think you should dwell on something that you did in the past... You should look forward to the future and savour the present because you never know when your time will be up and regretting something that you can’t fix no matter what it is, is just going to make you miserable.” He said softly, “Now, I think I said I wanted a certain John Watson to be lying next to me.” He smiled.
Sherlock sighed and shook his head as he cleared his mind of those thoughts. He would find himself thinking about John a lot and he hated it, even though he didn’t always have control, it distracted him from the work! He hated John, he hated Brian, he hated Mycroft, he hated everything in all honesty… He would have just deleted John and everything else long ago, but every time he got close to doing that he stopped himself. He supposed he couldn’t let go of those memories... the memories of the only time he was actually happy, the only time he actually ever had a reason to continue living.
“Oh… No... I couldn’t intrude on you like that… I’m sorry, but I can’t… I’ll find somewhere else.” John said as he fiddled awkwardly with his fork. It was one thing for Sherlock to ask him that, but to have a grown man ask him that after only thirty minutes of meeting him, it was a bit unnerving.
Once they had lowered her completely down, Sherlock's phone buzzed and he pulled it out. He frowned at the unknown number and opened the text.
Only the voice got more persistent and John was so weak. He slowly turned around and saw Sherlock standing there, the wind whipping his coat behind him. He looked different... His body was thinner, he had longer hair, bags under his eyes, and even a bit of stubble. Hell, his clothes didn’t even match, but John also knew that this was just another figment of his imagination, his mind telling him not to jump. He wasn't about to listen to it, not this time. He growled as he jumped off the ledge and back onto the roof. "You're not real!!! Go away!" He snapped at it. "I'm sick of you always popping up in my life and being mean to me! Sherlock would never do that! And now you're here trying to stop me from seeing him again! You're a mean, mean figment! Now GO AWAY!" He screamed, he wanted to reach out and shove him, but also didn’t think he could handle watching his hands fall through the body.
“How about the one where you tell me what you did after dinner yesterday!” Sherlock said with all the excitement he could muster.
John screamed and grabbed her shirt, pulling her closer to him, “I don’t fucking care what you’re saying! This is my life, now stay the fuck out of it!” He snapped as he shoved her back and then stormed out of the pub, tugging Regan back to his home.
“No, but I want to.” He smirked remembering the time that Sherlock had said those exact words to him when Sherlock first walked him home and all of this started. It seemed like a lifetime ago, but also it seemed liked it was just yesterday.
Sherlock landed on the floor with a hard thud and flailed, waking up immediately, “What! What’s wrong?” His head was moving around like crazy trying to get his bearings in order. Honestly, John would have thought it was cute had he not been extremely pissed off.
Sherlock's father eyed John up and down and then looked at Sherlock. “I knew you were a poof. Oh well, nothing I can do about it.” He sighed. “Although you could have chosen somebody less…” He paused trying to find the right word to say. “Financially challenged.” He finally decided upon, flatly.
John tried to think of reasons that Sherlock would do that, but he couldn’t. He thought about just being quiet for a while, but that wouldn’t be good either. “Why…?” he finally whispered as he continued to play with Sherlock's hand.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked up, but then his face grew serious as he saw all the panic and worry etched into Mycroft's face. “What?” He snapped a bit.
Sherlock groaned, “Yeah, I’m sure.” He mumbled under his breath. Honestly nothing could fix the mood he was in, and he didn’t even know why he was so angry… Maybe it was because he thought the police would have taken him seriously and when they didn’t John just ditched him and was gone for hours! Not to mention after all that happened Mycroft brought up the worst possible time to talk about their father. He let out a long, suffering sigh and followed John. Eventually they stopped walking and Sherlock deducted they were standing in front of a building by the way the wind had changed. “Can I take this off now?!”
John screamed and shot his hand, sending the phone scattering across the room. Mycroft screamed out in pain, “ANSWER THE QUESTION!” John screamed and his chest heaved.
John heaved himself up and walked to the bathroom where he took off his pants and turned on the water. He got in and smiled as the water washed over his bruised and aching body.
In the distance both John and Mycroft could hear the sounds of sirens approaching. John closed his eyes and swore under his breath, that could only mean one thing. He knew they were coming here, if the look on Mycroft's face was anything to go by. He also knew that it wasn’t an ambulance because no one was injured... which could only mean one thing. It was the police. “Suppose not.” He heard Mycroft hum.
“GET OUT!!!!” He screamed. Mike nodded and snapped his mouth shut. He swallowed hard and quickly left the room.
“No! Of course we haven’t had sex or anything! I wouldn’t dream of doing anything like that with someone who wasn’t you! I’ve been celibate since you left, John.” He smiled a bit. He wouldn’t let John find out that he slept with Brian all the time, and many other people for that matter. That would hurt him too much and he wouldn’t let John get hurt anymore. What he didn’t realise is lying would hurt him even more if he ended up finding out. Well, okay, maybe he did realise it… but he was Sherlock Holmes. John wasn’t going to find out.
John rolled over in bed and groaned. Last night his dad had come home drunk and John had gotten the worst of it. Not that that was a surprise to John or anything; he always received the worst of his father’s “drinking spells” as John liked to call them. He rolled out of bed and landed on the floor with a thud. His room was neat and tidy and there wasn’t a thing out of place. It had to be, though, because the rest of the house was a nightmare. Not all the time… sometimes his mother tidied it up. The order never seemed to last long, however. Once his father came home, the house would return to a hell hole it always was.
He felt like he was drowning all over again, even more so than he had been before. The reality of everything hitting him all at once was suffocating. He felt like thousands of heavy stones were piled up on his lungs and he couldn’t do it, he couldn’t take it anymore!! He felt terrible because he made a promise to Sherlock that he would never do something so low, but Sherlock had made a promise to him and now look where he was!? Six feet fucking under, that’s where.
The tallest one yanked down his own trousers and smirked at Sherlock. John’s blood went cold as the same man ripped off Sherlock's trousers, leaving him in just his pants. Just when John thought he couldn’t bare it anymore two other men came onto the screen and started screaming at the men about to rape Sherlock Holmes – or that’s what it seemed like. John could only see their backs, but their arms were flailing like they were yelling. The group of three seemed to not like what the other two men were saying because the tall one quickly pulled his trousers up and the one who was currently kissing Sherlock's neck pulled away. They stood there for a while before the man that was kissing Sherlock's neck just punched Sherlock in the face. John choked on a sob as they ran back to the van and climbed in, speeding away and leaving Sherlock to rot. John didn’t care though; he didn’t want those men next to Sherlock anyway. Sherlock slumped to the ground and shivered as he tried to pull up his trousers, John was hoping the two men would help him – or at least call for help. however, John clearly had too much faith in humanity because he watched as the two men who saved Sherlock just turned around and left. They left him there... traumatised and in pain. John screamed out in anger and wanted to shut it off, turn off the computer and just never know the rest of what happened, but he didn’t. A couple of minutes passed and Sherlock found the strength to slowly stand up and limp home. The screen went black.
He stood there watching and soon everyone was gone, he hadn’t even noticed they had left. John closed his eyes and sighed, wondering if they had tried to get him to go with them, but he was just in his own little world so they left him there. Some friends they were… no, that was rude. They were trying their hardest, he couldn’t take this out on them… He stared at the mound of dirt that covered Sherlock's casket, his body, and suddenly he couldn't take it anymore, he started running. He ran and ran until he felt like he couldn't run anymore, but not from exhaustion, he hadn’t even gotten that far... But because he had
GUESS WHAT!!!! IT'S THURSDAY!!! But seriously guys.... I upload on Thursdays because they are literally my favourite days of the week!!!
Sherlock glared daggers at him and then pinned him up against the wall, for the first time John was afraid of him, “No.” He growled and then let John go.
Voices drifted into the darkness and he couldn’t make out what they were saying, or who they were, but there were voices. It felt like he had been here for only a couple of minutes, but John was almost certain it had been longer than that... and then he saw it. The light! He hummed and started walking towards it happily, he briefly wondered what heaven would be like and then he was completely engulfed in the light and pain shot through his body. He groaned a bit because that was most definitely not pleasant what the fuck heaven? John opened his eye slowly, groaning again as he did so, and immediately shut them. So he was in fact alive and not dead... well, he supposed that that was a good thing, but still.
John whimpered because Sherlock was just sitting there and that wasn’t very nice of him. He heard Sherlock chuckle softly and then he started to move in and out, slowly, like a rocking motion. He held John close and kissed John's collarbone as if to say ‘I have you John and I’m never letting go’, but they both knew that once this was over they would have to let go and John would have to leave.
She clucked her tongue and shook her head once. "Sorry, love. You'll have to deal with the pain this time. Not so fun being in hospital when you don't have the drugs to ease your way, now is it?"
John kicked his feet up on the coffee table and flicked on the telly to see if anything good was on. Most of the time when he didn’t have a job to do he was so, so bored. Well, okay, he had a lot of jobs, but he didn’t want to take anyone of them because they were shit. Honestly the number of dumb arses that contacted him was really starting to be infuriating. He supposed it wouldn’t be so bad if he actually had something he wanted to do, but he was starting to get that familiar itch in the pit of his stomach and he didn’t have a good job to ease it! He smirked as he watched the news because they were currently discussing a murder victim that he had killed. Every single one of his victims went into a cold case file somewhere in New Scotland Yard and that was brilliant to him. They eventually just gave up trying to find the killer because the trail always went cold! Not even Sherlock Holmes could solve it and he actually thought that that was laughable.
“Of course I have,” he said as he finally got Sherlock's shirt all the way opened. “You aren’t really my type… too skinny, but I suppose since your lover didn’t show up you’ll have to do. It’s a shame too, he really was well fit and perfect.” He let out a sad sigh as he ran his fingers all along Sherlock's chest.
Claire paused for a long time and nodded some. "I'm not sure he'll take you back, Sherlock." She said honestly. Yes, John loved that man more than anything, but to watch him die in front of your eyes and then pop up a year and a half later... Well, that could mentally destroy someone. She sure as hell wouldn’t take someone back after that…
“I’ve been wanting to talk to you alone and I was getting tired.” She smiled sadly, “I wanted to talk to you before I.... well....” She trailed off and swallowed, clearing her throat, “I didn’t think he would ever let me have a minute alone with you.”
“’Minor mishap’!” John mocked. “He said he wanted to break me. He wanted to fix me up and then BREAK ME TO THE POINT OF NO RETURN!!! Well, he fucking got what he wanted so I hope that he’s soooo fucking happy!” John started to sob again and then he turned away from Zack and cried into the couch.
“You know a simple ‘Hey John, Sherlock hates you for some silly reason so you might as well just stop writing letters because I’m sick of receiving one every
He looked up at the man with big, scared eyes. He had never been so terrified in his life and he was shaking. He hated not having control over his body, but he had no choice and now big strong hands were coming down on his shoulders and then pulling him into a hug.
Sherlock swallowed and walked back to the door. He opened it and let him in because John was right… he did have a sensitive side, “You have five minutes, Brian. I’ll go get John.” He slowly walked up the stairs and knocked on the door. “Hey, love. I need you to come downstairs for a second, it won’t take long.”
“I know I’m fucking hilarious! Now go pick some cotton or something useful.” He hummed as he stuffed himself back into his trousers and stood up.
John dropped the gun and let out a choked sob, “Sherlock...” he whimpered, praying that this was real.
John sighed, but nodded back and stood up, “Yes, of course. Just let me get ready and I’ll meet you in there.” He knew Sherlock was avoiding the topic and he hated that, but at least Sherlock wasn’t ignoring him anymore. That was a start.
He smirked, “Being in love with me isn’t so bad.” He snickered and hummed slightly, waggling his eyebrows as he did so.
Sherlock’s breath hitched a bit as he noticed the fact that there was no ‘Dear’ or ‘Love’ or even an ‘I love you.’ However, there were still the twenty-six kisses and that made Sherlock’s heart ache. He continued to read letter after letter until he got down to the bottom of the box. There was one letter left and he was already a sobbing mess. 32 letters. 32 letters was all it took for him to break down. In a way he was proud of himself because he wanted to breakdown at letter 1, but he managed to tough it out until letter 32. However, John's 366 letter – his last letter – made Sherlock break. The fact that John had gotten rid of the kisses and everything else was just… it broke him. He thought that that would be the worst one, but really they were all horrible. Especially the one where he tells him about Miles. He took a breath as he slowly opened the envelope and swallowed hard.
Claire swallowed and sat back a bit, but was still on him, "John, I just want to help... And you going down this path… Well, it’s a dangerous one... Especially considering your family history."
John doesn’t see and he doesn’t want to see. Things are different now. He pushes at Sherlock, but Sherlock is surprisingly strong. He tries to escape and it doesn’t work so John yanks his hand free and punches him in the face. He doesn’t avoid the nose and teeth this time... “I SAID STOP SHERLOCK!” He screams and his chest is heaving. “What the hell is wrong with you?”
John looked up at him and nodded, “Good because I’m so incredibly angry with you.” He stepped forward and gently shoved Sherlock. Sherlock... His Sherlock... He was touching him and he was real, here, in front of him. “Did you ever... well you know... find a boy–“
“That makes no sense! You have absolutely no control over my life!” He growled back. “There is nothing wrong with who I am!”
Mycroft blinked and looked at Sherlock. “See! He obviously took something because he isn’t making any sense right now!!” He heard his younger brother growl.
Mycroft swallowed once he heard the door click shut. He looked at his younger brother and sighed, “You want me to show him everything?”
John's throat squeezed and he shook his head, "He's not... I was hired to torture you for months, but... I'll make it quick."
Sherlock walks right up to John and shoves him up against the wall, “Feel familiar? Oh wait... I remember. You weren’t in this position last time, were you? I know why don't we switch roles?” He clears his throat and makes it go a tiny bit higher, “’Oh my god.... Sherlock... you’re so tight!’” He groans softly. “’I’m sorry... I’m so sorry!! I love you so much... you just made me so angry when you left and now you’re back and I promise never to leave you again... I’ll move back into Baker Street and we can be together just like before!’” Sherlock whimpers and then everything slips away and his eyes harden.
John started taking off his suit and using his coat to apply pressure to the wound in his chest. “Sherlock! This isn’t minor.” John whimpered and his world started spinning. “Oh god. Please – Please just stay with me…” He choked, pressing down on the wound as harshly as he could.
“I will as soon as you tell me what happened next…” He looked around the room and grabbed a pen. “Look I even have the controller to control the spinning right here, but you have to talk first.”
Sherlock choked on a sob and tried to stop the tears, but they kept pouring out of his eyes, “Good...” He whispered. “You don’t have to be sad about this, John... I’m ready... Just – remember that you were loved by me and that you made my life a happy one. And there’s no tragedy in that.”
Sherlock blinked. “I haven’t had anything to drink today... My water supply had run out this morning..”
She didn’t even have to ask what he meant. She knew... and she also knew that one day he would come back for it, “In my office.” She said softly.
John sighed and looked at Sherlock. “Oh, I dunno… I feel like Sherlock has some hidden muscles somewhere under his scrawny frame. I bet he’s one of those kids you think is just a gangly useless fucker and then BAM! He has you in a head lock.”
Sherlock frowned. “John… The room isn’t spinning and that really isn’t possible in my house…” He paused and pursed his lips slightly. He was trying to remain calm about this, and though it was hard, he was successful, “Can I ask you some questions..?” He asked softly as grabbed John's wrist so he could secretly measure John’s pulse.
“You better not have eaten my tulips!” Sherlock mumbled under his breath. He didn’t even know why he was getting jealous! This wasn’t even a real story after all, but apparently Mycroft thought it held some relevance.
John blinked because where the fuck did that come from? Nonetheless, he kissed Sherlock back and hummed. He was about to speak, but Sherlock beat him to it.
Sherlock shook his head. “He’s rude and I hate him! I don’t want him to meet you! He’ll say you aren’t good enough or- or something! He treats me like everything I do isn’t enough and you are enough, you’re more than enough. So, I’ll be damned if he tells me that just to ruffle my feathers or something.”
John looked down and fiddled with his locket. He honestly didn’t think he would be able to survive without Sherlock, but he also didn’t think anything would happen unless Sherlock made it happen. They seemed to be invincible in that sense, he took a shaky breath and nodded slowly, “Yes, okay...” He whispered.
Lestrade frowned. “Why do you seem so sad and why are you under my desk..? Not that I care, but it isn’t the most comfortable place to be.” John just stared at him sadly and didn’t say anything. “Tell you what… How about I take you to breakfast and you can tell me all about what’s troubling you… Or you don’t have to, but what I
“WHAT?” John choked on his drink and pushed it away from him. Dammit! She was flirting with him and he was basically oogling her like he wanted to tear her clothes off, giving her reason to make a move, “And why on earth did you give me a drink called Love Potion?”
“Sherlock, I don’t care… I want to do this.” He looked up at Sherlock and gave him big, watery eyes, “please.” He smiled a bit as he watched Sherlock sigh.
Sherlock swallowed hard as he looked at John who was kneeling on the pavement. He slowly leaned forward and fell, the last thing he remembered was hearing John scream his name in agony.
could she sound like that when this was the worst day of his life. “I thought you were on holiday? Are you back already?”
He walked downstairs and sat next to John. The insufferable man known as Mycroft decided to put on a movie to try and get everyone’s mind off of what was actually happening. Everyone knew that that was not going to work in the slightest, but he supposed it was a nice gesture.
“Actually I did. I uncovered everything there is to know about John Watson. I picked him apart one by one and then I glued him back together only to break him down again to the point where there was absolutely no fixing him.” His lips turned into a creepy smile, his eyes were wide and manic.
John’s heart fluttered and he didn’t know why, but he thought that it was because of the fact that Sherlock probably didn’t go inviting random strangers to investigate a crime scene with him. “Oh God, yes!” He nodded quickly and then limped after Sherlock. Sherlock hailed them a cab and they both climbed in. It was silent for a while until Sherlock spoke up again. John was so surprised because John felt like Sherlock wasn’t one to just randomly start conversations and although he did start it with, “Alright, you’ve got questions.” John felt like in normal circumstances Sherlock wouldn’t be one to care if they had questions or not and that made him feel special. He told himself that this was just purely for work, but there was a tug pulling him towards Sherlock and he tried to push that away. He was just fascinated that was all.
Practice was a killer. His body ached and he was all muddy. It didn’t help that it had rained halfway through and the coach made them play on anyway. John was sweaty and he didn’t smell too good, but he had to go to Sherlock, so he packed up his rugby and school bag and started running to Sherlock's house. He had already ran in rugby practice and he was so very tired, but he had to make things right between them. He slowed once he got to the front gate and started walking. He didn’t want to be out of breath when he finally got to talk to Sherlock. Thankfully, the door was unlocked so he just opened it and walked inside. He saw that Sherlock was lying on the couch with some ice on his ribs and John swallowed back the guilt, walked into the room, and sat on a chair across from him. “Hey… didn’t see you in class today…” He whispered.
Moriarty’s jaw clenched and he slowly ran a hand up Sherlock’s chest, “Boredom, I suppose. You have to make a choice, Sherlock.” He smirked and ran his hand up to cup Sherlock’s cheek, stroking a thumb over his cheekbone, “Because I’m certainly not going to stop it.”
“John!” He snapped, “You have to!” He said firmly, and if there was a bit of franticness in his voice, neither one of them pointed it out.
Sherlock frowned even more, so it did have something to do with John. It was just a coincidence that Sherlock and Moriarty had met while John was away, but it gave Moriarty everything he needed to execute his revenge. “Who’s Sebastian?” He asked softly.
Sherlock was feeling so many things and he didn’t know how to express any of them. He growled a bit and jutted his jaw forward, “You- What the actual fuck! You just left me!”
“Ah, so you’re taking on the good Watson name and becoming a failure, just like your father. Nice.” She hummed and smiled at him, like there was nothing wrong with that sentence at all.
“What?” John frowned a bit, his fingers freezing in place. It wasn’t that he was embarrassed, or whatever, he just hadn’t really noticed it himself.
“I just...” He stopped himself and swallowed hard. He couldn’t tell Sherlock about who he really was, “I don’t want you to get hurt on a case....” He whispered.
"That doesn’t explain shit, Sherlock!" John said a bit snappishly. His calm demeanour was quickly slipping away, and from the way Sherlock was fidgeting it meant that they were obviously not here for a good reason. His mobile started ringing for the third time – God dammit! Who was trying to contact him! He still ignored it.
“And now you fucking hate me and you’re going to leave me forever so all of this was for nothing because I’m a terrible person!” He cried into John's chest, clinging to him like his life depended on it.
John just stayed staring at his drink and didn’t say anything. In a way he did want to talk about it, but at the same time he didn’t want to sound like the needy pub goer that poured his feelings out to anyone that would listen. Perhaps he needed a therapist or something.
“I was joking!!” John groaned. “I tried to go for a piss and my legs gave out from under me. Would you mind explaining to me what happened?”
Once out of Scotland Yard Sherlock took John's hand and ran all the way home. He wasn’t about to stop, not when something so brilliant happened. He slammed the door open and ran up the steps, not bothering to shut the front door. All the while he was holding onto John’s hand so that he couldn’t escape! That did sound a little creepy in Sherlock’s head, but he needed John alone and he needed him alone now. He finally, finally, got to their room and opened the door and then slammed it as he pushed John against the wall. “That thing you did…” He whispered against John’s neck. “That- that was good.” He leaned in and kissed John's throat heatedly.
She smiled sadly and nodded, “One minute deary.” She said softly and then left the room. She came back a couple of minutes later holding a small stuffed squirrel in her hands.
The next couple of videos were just Sherlock buying drugs and getting high, after about the fifth one, though, something was different. Sherlock appeared on the screen and John could tell it was dark outside, normally Sherlock bought them in the day – or that’s what the videos suggested, he knew there were most likely more times Sherlock bought drugs and it wasn’t recorded. He watched as Sherlock walked to a lamp post and waited there for a minute, fidgeting as if he was in withdrawal. Suddenly, a black van stopped in front of him and three men climbed out. Sherlock was saying something to them and tried to hand them what John assumed was money. They kept shaking their heads though and then one of them pushed Sherlock up against the lamp post while another one started to kiss his neck. Sherlock was screaming... John could see his face this time and he was screaming and crying, it broke John’s heart and he broke down right there, he couldn’t stay strong for that – not even if his life depended on it. Their hands were all over Sherlock's body and one of them managed to rip off Sherlock's shirt. He tried to fight them off, but he was no match against the three men – especially not when he was experiencing withdrawal from the cocaine.
Sherlock pouted and tried to reach the window once again, but wasn’t even coming close, “John!! I need a boost. The window is too high and why someone would make a window this high anyway is beyond me! Plllleeeeeaaassseee!! I’ve never been to a crime scene before! I can solve it! I know I can!” He looked down at John and gave him a sad pout.
“That’s because they don’t know how much you give them... you put up a front when they are around you and most of them are terrified... in fact I don’t think you open up to anyone besides me and I think you’re really going to struggle when you go live with Sherlock because you can’t hide yourself and you know that... you also hate when people don’t call you ‘sir’ and you blow a gasket. I’ve seen it more times than I would like to admit. You hate being wrong, but you’re going to have to be wrong a lot when you’re with him... and John I really don’t think living with him is going to be a good idea... he’s going to pick you apart and you’ll have to stand there and take it... not only that, but you’ll have to tell him that what he did was amazing and brilliant and extraordinary.” He sighed, “I think you should rethink this...”
The doctor nodded slowly and turned off all the equipment. He walked over to John and took the tube out of his throat and the wires and IV out of his body.
Sherlock held the squirrel and then walked over to John. He went to the edge of the bed and sat next to him. “I feel like…” Sherlock furrowed his brow because he didn’t really know how he felt. He just wanted to be close to John! “I feel like I want to touch you…”
seriously all my notes are like this... you should go back and read them if you havent already because I am fucking hilarious *Puts sunglasses on all cool like* Awwww yey
Sigar swallowed and jerked his head to the side a bit. Then smirked and looked right into John’s eyes as he started laughing, “Lily has cancer, John. She’s going to
“Just some fucking sleep,” John mumbled and then dropped Sherlock's hand, he scrubbed his face and then walked into his bedroom without another word. Neither of them mentioned that it was only five in the afternoon, but Sherlock also imagined that John needed as much sleep as he could get, considering the last two years hadn’t treated him very well.
“Why...” John said back, refusing to accept that this was actually happening. “You can tell him yourself.”
She snapped and kicked over the coffee table. "I DONT BLOODY FUCKING CARE! Do you want to know where your precious John is???" She snarled with such malice that she didn’t even recognise her own voice.
John stared at the screen for a long moment before finally hitting play. He sat back and held his breath for a moment, he still didn’t know why he was so nervous, but he was. It only seemed to get worse as time wore on so he just sucked it up and pressed play.
It didn’t matter though because John was loving every minute of it. The feeling of Sherlock was enough to send him over the edge, but he would be damned if he came before Sherlock even got inside of him properly. John was making whining noises the whole time and small moans and he could barely even think. He was so thankful for that though because he didn’t want to think at all at the moment. Soon, Sherlock pulled away and he whimpered at the lost contact. He didn’t understand why Sherlock pulled away and that made him sad, but then Sherlock was pressing against his entrance and it was so nice and wonderful that he stopped whining and lifted his head to kiss Sherlock.
A wave of emotions washed over John as he realised he was just at a funeral... Only Sherlock was the one up in front and John was the one in the audience. They were here for Sherlock's mother and now just John was here for Sherlock, who the fuck was going to be here for him when it was his time? He swallowed down the thought and looked at his feet, "Sherlock bloody Holmes was an arsehole. He was rude and arrogant and nobody liked him. I didn't even like him – well, at first anyway, but that's because I hated him before I even got to know him... And I think that that's why everybody hated him actually... Because they didn't get the chance to know him, or maybe, just maybe... It was because he never let them in... Either way nobody liked him.” He said firmly, he had to be firm because he was angry and he needed to get his point across to the stupid man that was currently dead.
John stood above him, unmoving. Sherlock took a deep breath and groaned as he turned his head to stare up at John.
“What the hell is wrong with me?” Sherlock groans as he holds his face in his hands, blood is gushing out, but John doesn’t make an effort to help him. “What the hell is wrong with
“Not you. Sherlock. The real Sherlock. The one who is rude, and arrogant, and a downright prick. He definitely wouldn’t be saying sorry for bumping into me.. That’s why I say you need to work on it.”
Four and a half years had passed. Three years of nothing. And two years of not writing anymore letters. John was almost certain he would get a thank you letter in the mail from Sherlock saying how he was glad John was going to stop annoying him with his tedious letters, but then again John had a sneaking suspicion he didn’t read them, he probably just got them and threw them right in the bin. He sighed at the thought of that because that meant a year of writing to his former lover was wasted over nothing. John supposed he didn’t mind though because it gave him something to do with his time. And in a roundabout sort of way, it helped him get over Sherlock, he’d heard before writing letters without the intention of sending them could be therapeutic, and it was… if not heart breaking and stressful. Well, and he did actually send them, but there was never a reply, so in a sense, it was like he wasn’t sending them.
Sherlock shoved him away, his head flooded with thoughts and he felt like he was being put into overdrive... this was wrong, so, so wrong, but then again what was right now? He felt guilt crush down on him at the fact that he just betrayed John – his John.
He narrowed his eyes, looking the other boy over, “John you are sweating! Do you feel okay? Because I don't want you around my mother if you’re sick! You might even get her sicker than she already is!” He growled some, getting closer to John, ready to attack with his words and push the other boy out of the room.
Sherlock swallowed and then stood up and ran out of the house. He was terrified and he didn't want to tell John. He could fix this on his own, he knew he could and everything would be fine. What he probably should have considered is he left John alone, that gave whoever this was the perfect chance to strike…
Sherlock wanted to throw up and curl into a ball and sob all at the same time. It felt like John dying all over again, he slowly stood up and walked to his bedroom without saying another word. He was angry at John for not telling him, but he didn’t even care about that right now... his mummy was dying and he wasn’t there for her like he needed to be...
“Alright.” John called and then hopped out of the shower and wrapped a towel around his hips as he walked out.
“It’s bad, John... I don't want you to know...” He swallowed hard and tried to pull his hand away, John wouldn’t let him though, he just held on tighter.
Sherlock was hurt and angry at John. He didn't know why John was acting so funny! Yes, he was probably stressed – about their half confession and then not talking about it. Sherlock didn't see the big deal but he could see why it would bother John. He was kind and loving and that sort of stuff was important to him. He sighed and pulled out his laptop. He wasn't going to send the email saying he found the memory stick to his mystery killer, but with John angry at him and him angry at John he thought that he would. John wouldn't even know! By the time he got back from wherever it is he went Sherlock would be home and everything would be done with. He grinned slightly at the fact that he could finish this without John knowing. Then once it was done him and John could work on moving forward. Talking... Tedious, but necessary.
“SHUT UP!!” he screamed. “You don’t understand anything so just Shut. Up.” He grabbed his backpack and ran out the door. He couldn’t stay with his brother any longer... Over the past month he had been doing everything in his power to avoid his brother... Mornings were a lot harder to avoid though. Maybe he would just start sneaking out a window.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but smiled softly as he watched John roll his body through the door and then shut it. He realised that even though they had a tough twenty-four hours… everything was going to be okay. For now, at least.
John moved his foot in circles on the ground and looked at Sherlock, “I like Primark and it’s not a lot of money and it’s giant!! So many things to choose from!” he hummed.
Mike could tell and he was so scared for what the real reason was, "John...." He warned slightly. "I may be stupid compared to you, but I can still read your emotions... I always have been able to..."
John eventually gave up on trying to climb him and just yanked off Sherlock's shirt. He snickered and pushed Sherlock against the wall as he kissed down his chest. Once he got down to Sherlock's hip bone he tried to unbutton Sherlock's trousers and whined when he couldn’t get them undone, “Sherloooccckk!!” He whined and tugged on them, trying to just yank them down. “They’re stuck!”
“That isn’t a dragon, Sherlock. That’s a bus and those are cars. People use them to get places… They are like carriages only they can move without the horses.” He smiled and Sherlock blinked rapidly.
“Oh, is it your coming out party to the school and it might not happen because you will, most likely, chicken out.” He drawled and pulled away from John's grip to put his shoes on.
“Oh! That? Yes, I escaped a week ago! I would have gotten you sooner, but you’ve been rather pathetic lately and have been inside all the time... I wasn’t about to kidnap you from someone’s home because that is far too risky. Would only lead to my capture again.”
Okay okay okayyyyyy!! So I mean I didn't upload it as fast as I wanted to, but it wasn't a four month wait like last time!!!!! Only a two month wait!! (; that's cut in half so I think that you should all be happy with me! And hope that I will upload the next chapter even sooner!! (; and I think I will so hahahahaha just you wait. okkkkk now enjoy this sad sad chapter because sherlock is still gone and when sherlock is gone everything is sad and everything hurts!
“Sherlock!” John snapped into the phone when he didn’t answer, the realisation of what was actually happening crushing down on him like a brick, “This isn’t funny! Get down from there...” He said firmly, using his Captain Watson voice. Oh, John. That’s not going to work this time…
He got to his car and then peeled away, speeding to the mansion. He was lucky he didn't get pulled over, but he wasn't really thinking about that.
Sherlock sighed, he was sick of people attacking him before they even knew the reason behind his actions. “Right, why are you calling me? Don’t exactly feel like getting abused by you, and for the record I did what I had to do.”
Wow it's been ages... sorry guys! but my cousin died from cancer and so I had to fly home for that and this is the third death on that side of the family in the time span of eight months and it's just.. bleh! But i'm good (:
John was also trying so hard to contain his laughter, his body shaking violently with soundless giggles.
“I love you, John. Always. I’ve loved you more than I have ever loved anything in my whole life. Kiss me? Please?” He knew he was running out of time and he wanted the last thing he ever felt to be the touch of John's lips against his.
“Oh... Umm neither... I find the whole relationship process to be tedious and tiresome. I’m sorry, but why aren’t you mad?”
it makes! Over and over again until the night is over or until I open my god damn eyes and sometimes I still see it like a hologram in front of my face! Like some arse hat of a person set up a projector in my room just so I could see it when I wake up too. I used to wake up screaming his name, but now I just sleep through it because it’s happened so many fucking times that I’ve gotten used to it!" He spat. He grabbed the front of her shirt and pulled her close so he was practically touching her nose with his. "That flat is all I have of him. I don’t even have the fucking necklace with his stupid hair in it because I threw that across the cemetery like a fucking wanker. The. Flat. Is. All. I. Have. And I am
John started to shake as he got closer to the body, “Sh-Sherlock....” He whimpered and reached for the lifeless man’s hand. It was cold and John wondered how long he had been gone for. “Sherlock... please... please say something to me. Let me know you’re okay... I’m sorry... I’m so sorry...” He choked out. Sherlock was silent and that broke John. He fell to his and cradled Sherlock's hand to his face.
“The fairy brushed off her dress and said. ‘Oh but you are alone little one. It's only the two of us left in the world.’
“IT’S DIFFERENT NOW! You made a promise, John!” He spat nastily. “You promised me that if something ever happened to me, you would never try! You can’t break that promise!”
“No. I don’t need your help because I get it just fine!” He snapped, getting defensive. “Now leave me alone!”
Sherlock sighed and nodded, “I think that would be for the best...” He smiled softly and kissed him once, John always had the best ideas in truth, and ever since John had watched the videos their relationship had been thriving. It was because they finally both understood each other, they both understood what the other went through – no one was left in the dark. Though, that didn’t mean they still didn’t have small fights every now and then, but it was getting
The DI wrapped his arms tightly around Sherlock and held him close. “Shh,” he whispered to the shaking boy. “It’s over now. You caught him. You’re so brilliant,” He hummed. He was trying to help Sherlock the only way he knew how really and that was praising him… He was just a boy, but damn he really was brilliant.
He made his way up the steps and knocked on the front door, he just needed his mother. He needed someone to talk to, someone that wasn’t Claire, or Mycroft, or Sherlock. It had been years and he missed her more than anything, but he supposed not enough to really do anything about it. Perhaps that was because he resented her for everything that happened with his father – before Sherlock came into his life anyway.
“The little girl sobbed for days and days on end. She had a proper funeral for Bellfire even though nobody but her attended it. She didn't eat. She didn't sleep. And she didn't go out to pick cotton. She was alone in the world once again, but eventually she did get up. And she did go out and pick cotton. Because even though it hurt – Even though she didn't want to. She owed Bellfire that much.
John walked over to one of the drawers and pulled out a pen and some paper. Claire at least deserved a note and in truth he probably should have written it before he took the pills, but he wasn’t thinking. He hadn’t been thinking clearly since Regan slammed the door to his flat. He sat down and scrubbed his face before slowly beginning. His writing was scratchy at best and didn’t really look like his writing at all. However, he only got a couple of sentences in started to feel dizzy, damn those pills work fast… He tried to concentrate on writing and managed to get in a few more words before he fell to the floor and passed out.
people are going to read my johnlock fics when I'm famous and then I'll be on The Graham Norton Show and he will show this exact line that I'm writing now and I will just cry.
A few days passed and John was trying to move on with the trauma he had endured. Sherlock and him still hadn’t been intimate, but John was slowly coming to terms with everything. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to be intimate with Sherlock, but he just felt so betrayed by him. Sure, he understood now why Sherlock did what he did and although he didn’t like it, he knew he would have done the same exact thing if he was in that situation. Even still, he was just so angry with him, and just as John said in the cab, his anger did come out from time to time.
John searched his face and slowly tugged his wrist out of Sherlock's, now loosened, grip. He moved his hand to Sherlock's cheek and gently stroked his cheekbone with his thumb. “Hey,” he breathed softly. “We don’t have to do anything. Especially anything you are not comfortable with. I don’t need anything from you and I certainly don’t need you to feel like I’m taking advantage of you. All I’m saying is—“ he paused slightly. He was trying to work out how to word it without making Sherlock feel like he made a mistake, because he didn’t. “Just we need to talk about things. We were both getting carried away and I thought it best to ask instead of let my actions get the better of me, only to find out we aren’t on the same page.” He smiled softly and leaned forward gently to kiss Sherlock's nose.
“Yes, of course,“ he took a breath and nodded, “Now, I have to go. It isn’t safe to speak for long periods of time.”
Sherlock swallows and looks at him, “I’m sorry...” Is that what you're supposed to say? Apparently it is the wrong thing because John screams loudly and shoves him up against the wall. He groans a bit in pain because he was not expecting that. He swallows again as he looks down at his angry friend.
John swallowed slightly, he was really not in the mood to be tortured or whatever the hell Mycroft had in mind, he just wanted to plant the damn flowers and leave. “So, if you didn’t rape me, and decided against raping me before you gave me the tea… why am I practically naked?”
“But I have!!!” He screamed and his body shook with sobs. “Brian’s not just living here just because he needed a place to stay! He was my fuck buddy! It hurt so badly John! I needed something and you were gone! You were dead and I didn’t think you were ever coming back and that broke me! I didn’t know how to live without you because the way I was living before I met you was cold and miserable, but then you came along and made everything so much better!! You gave me life when I had nothing! Absolutely nothing, but you became my light and I needed you because you made me a better person! And not just better, you made my life worth living, but then you died! And I didn’t know what to do! So I slept with Brian to try and fill the hole that you left behind, but no matter how many times we had sex it just got bigger and bigger and I couldn’t do it anymore, John! I just couldn’t! But I still did! I got rid of all my emotions and just fucked him at least three times a week because I didn’t know how to handle my grief! I even bloody fucked him that first week you had come back into my life,” He choked and clung to him.
John looked around the room and sighed. He wished he had at least gotten a water or something so he didn’t feel out so of place. Instead, John just let his mind wander, not caring what people thought of him for the moment.
John growled from under the sack that was on his head, “I don’t have to explain shit! Why the hell are you even kidnapping me?” He growled and thrashed around a bit.
“Thank you! Thank you so much! I promise I’ll be good and I’ll help you with anything you need help with!” John bounced up and down and he squeezed Sherlock's hand. Then it seemed like everything would last forever... but now it was ending.
He sighed and slid into the cab with Sherlock. Sherlock was pouting on the other side and John couldn’t take it. He looked down and sighed, “I’m sorry... That wasn’t fair of me...”
“Cover me!” John screamed to Gavin as he bolted from the rusted old car and ran as fast as he could. He dodged the bullets that flew passed him, across the fallen bodies, across the debris, and went straight for the boy.
Sherlock laughed sadly and swallowed. He felt like crying, but this was only the first letter of 365... So he would wait – he had to wait. He put his hand in the box again and pulled out another letter.
come first, but don't think that that means I want to be there to see you happy with someone else and then not be able to see you ever again!”
“My boyfriend about had a heart attack earlier when he saw that Hugh Jackman was here. So thanks for almost killing my boyfriend at my mother’s funeral.” He said dryly and for some reason people chuckled, even though he was being extremely serious.
John wanted to smirk because he knew Sherlock was lying, but Army John wouldn’t have known so he kept a blank face. “Ah, those are important...”
It wasn’t the best of comfort, but he needed something and this was all he could have. He didn’t know where they were but he just held onto that little strand of comfort he managed to find and soon the car was falling. John screamed as they splashed into the water and started to sink slowly. He concentrated on his breathing and squeezed his eyes shut as the icy water danced above his ankles. This was going to be a lot harder than he thought because he couldn’t stop thinking about the fact that he was going to drown, he couldn’t escape it. It wasn’t going to be quick either, he was going to be in pain for minutes before his brain finally shut off. He didn’t understand how people could say drowning was a peaceful way to die, have they ever not been able to breathe before because that was certainly extremely painful. He thrashed in the back seat and tried to get loose. He was so cold and the water was up to his chest. The only thing he could think about was how someone was going to come and save him... this couldn’t be the end for him and he refused to believe that his story was over.
He wanted to make a comment about how just because he looked awful, didn’t mean it was because of Sherlock. But that would have been a lie, so he just didn’t say anything. Perhaps coming here was a bad idea, but he just wanted comfort. Unfortunately, it was clear she wasn’t going to give him that.
John glared at her slightly, well that certainly wasn’t the response he had been expecting, “What does that mean...”
they could be intimate, John wanted Sherlock so badly. He hadn’t properly had Sherlock in years – and no that time that Sherlock half sucked him off didn’t count –  but right before they got to the good part Brian walked in and would act embarrassed, he would stumble out an apology and then leave the room, giving them privacy. That was fine and good, except for the fact that after that happened Sherlock wasn’t in the mood anymore and John didn’t understand why! He would immediately start getting dressed and then went to tinkering about his experiments, basically ignoring John all together, so John would just leave.
Which in turn made Sherlock shiver and then roll John over a bit so that they were both on their sides. He brought his hand up to John's hair and brushed it out of his face, even though John's hair was fairly short. He wasn’t going to say anything and it was clear John wasn’t either, but sometimes actions spoke louder than words. He swallowed hard and kissed down John's neck as he slowly slid his hand down John's back to hook his finger under John's pants. He pulled back a bit to look into John's eyes because he didn’t want to do anything John didn’t want... no matter how badly he wanted it.
“Trouble in paradise, huh? Too bad. If you won’t do it I will. I’ll beat the shit out of him… But then again if you were to do it you would beat the shit out of him… so I guess either way he’s getting the shit beaten out of him.”
AHHHHH WASN'T THAT THE CUTEST THING EVER It was apart of the sentence I was writing, but then I had John say it and wow chills. Literal chills.
hehe!! HOWEVER IF YOU NEED TO DO RESCUE BREATHING YES IT IS ONE TWO THREE BREATHE IN AND OUT FOR AN ADULT, BUT FOR AN INFANT IT IS ONE BREATH IN AND OUT AND JUST A PUFF OF AIR ENOUGH TO FILL YOUR CHEEKS BECAUSE TOO MUCH AND THEY WILL EXPLODE! ;-;
Ever since John got the call from Sebastian he had immediately started planning... he hadn’t been this excited for a job in- well ever actually. If he was going to do this job at all he was going to fling himself into this one hundred and ten percent. He also had to trick Sherlock and whereas he was smarter than the man it could become a bit challenging. Sherlock was brilliant, there was no denying that... and John thought that if he wasn’t such a ‘bad guy’ they could have been best friends.
okkkkkaaaaayyyyyy motherfuckers! so normally it wouldn't be up this fast because I have been super busy, but I found time to get this to you by July 1st. Wanna know why? no.. WELL TOO BAD!!!!!!
Sherlock stared numbly at the screen and then looked down into his lap, “This isn’t a dream... is it?”
He ran down the road a bit, not quite sure where he was running to, but not caring either. It didn’t last long though because something was suddenly yanking him into an alley. He flinched as he got pushed against wall, groaning as the pain flooded through his back.
Sherlock and John stumbled through the Baker Street door and burst into a fit of giggles. “You have the most beautiful fingers ever, John!” Sherlock slurred as he pressed John's hand to his face. Everything was warm and fuzzy. He felt delightful, better than he had in years.
John sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose before making his way over to the bed to lie down next to Sherlock, “Sherlock… two things. One, hedgehogs are most definitely not fluffy and two, I told you why it wouldn’t be a good idea to become exclusive.”
John was silent for a long time because Sherlock's words just made him cry more and he wasn’t about to let Sherlock hear that. He didn’t understand why this was happening to them, but it was and they had to get through it. Though, John wasn’t sure he wanted to at this point, especially when Sherlock had just told him he would never be able to forgive him, but before he could stop himself he found the words tumbling out of his mouth. Curse his brain for betraying him once again. “I’m staying at the hotel down the street, room 323… come see me. I don’t care if you don’t want to, just come see me for two hours. I’ll put on The Notebook like I promised in my letters that I would and I will hold you in my arms as we watch the movie. Then after you can leave, or you can stay, but ultimately the decision comes down to you, Sherlock.” He paused, “though, I’m going to be honest with you. I’m not sure I want this to work out, but what kind of man would I be if I just walked away when it got hard? The fact that you said you don’t think you’ll ever be able to forgive me, is honestly so cruel. Not trying to throw a pity party here, but I definitely had it worse. I would gladly take thinking you were dead, over not knowing what happened. None of this was my fault, not a single bit of it, so you blaming me is extremely childish. But like I said, come over and we can try to make this work, if that’s what you want.”
He didn’t tell John that the fucking psychopath had said that he would only talk in front of Sherlock, that he would give names and dates and the places where he had dumped the other bodies only to the consulting detective. That could wait. It wasn’t orthodox, it wasn’t even particularly moral or respectful toward the other victims, but going by the book had taken the backseat when a psychopath had carved up his friend’s torso and had done things to him.
and give him an explanation, a deduction, but Sherlock didn’t want to show off, he sighed and said, “Yes there are pictures, it’s in the note: the man who wrote it used the Caesar cipher. The pictures, Mycroft!”
Herman Bennett had been looking at his left hand, he realised. The man smirked and said, “I wonder whether they have started chopping her off – starting with her womb. Wish I had been there myself.”
He needed to touch Sherlock, he needed to make sure that they were really there, that despite the wounds, the nightmares and what laid ahead of them, they had something
John looked down at him and felt a twang of guilt but it was nothing in comparison to the pure fury he felt. He didn't know he'd been holding it in for so long. He didn't know if it was because of Sherlock. But that didn't matter right now, he'd hurt Sherlock.
John didn't ask why Sherlock had the urge to sleep next to him. He feared if he asked Sherlock would leave or say it was part of some experiment or anything really. What could he possibly say to justify it which wouldn't be bad?
John was ready, he really was. He fidgeted with his hands a moment before resting his palms on the table's smooth cloth. His hands travelled to the cold cutlery as a shiver ran down his spine. John glanced around him as Sherlock's voice echoed through his head making deductions. He let the cold, sultry voice engulf him completely. He closed his eyes and hummed along as the voice begged for his attention as it discussed how certain couples were letting their legs gently caress the other's calves, knees and hips, how old and new friends were laughing over pointless slander, how the doorman was an expectant father receiving texts from his wife, how that one particular Frenchman isn't French at all, how Mary is arriving with a smile on her face, how he should probably hide the ring back into the safety of his blazer, how he misses him.
There was no structure, no set rhyme scheme. It wasn't a tanka or haiku. Maybe blank verse. There was no flow to it. But the art was there, she was there.
What was John thinking? Telling Sherlock he loved him? What about Mary? What about Sherlock "married to my work" Holmes? This could not happen. Even if he wanted it to.
"New clothes, cheap, badly ironed, must be a college graduate. Shoes, tie, suit say lawyer. Shaving foam on his neck says no one close to tell him about it, single. The nurse just waved at him so he comes here often. The way he walks says insecure about height, too tall, grew up with a short mother then, the genetically gifted father wasn't around. The chain around his neck has a ring, old but polished, must be his mother's, well taken care of. Loves mom, no dad around, insecure, lawyer. Must be a domestic abuse lawyer. Mother probably went through it."
A disc appeared with the words, "Did you miss me?" on it. And in it, was Mary. Telling Sherlock to save John, because she knew what they were capable of..once she was gone. She knew only they could save each other. She knew. All of it. From the start. She wanted them to continue.
And then, he found a little silver USB with the words A.G.R.A written in black marker and he listened as Sherlock made a vow to protect his wife.
"No, you're a war hero, John. And that leg it isn't an injury, its psychosomatic. You're younger than you look, that shoulder has aged you. And you flinched, didn't you, when I came to you so fast, so close. You haven't been touched by someone in a while. Your eyes shout of your nightmares."
John tried to fall asleep but the new memories of Sherlock were fresh in his mind, and for the first time in a long time, he was alone in a bed. His hand traveled from his chest to his stomach and eventually from his the start of his-
"I'm afraid that is why you had to witness my outburst of sorts, so to say. I seem to have gotten incorrect directions,"
He stared at his reflection. How long until his mind would stop playing tricks on him? How long until he would stop hearing Sherlock's voice, stop seeing his face? How much longer?
There was only one thing John felt in that moment and it was betrayal. The eight letter word he couldn't quite put his finger on.
"Ah, great- a teacher, at last. Tell me, are you all a bunch of daft idiots or is at least one of you even a bit qualified or competent to know more, if not the same amount as a ten year old textbook that I could have gotten at a horribly funded, public library? Don't answer. I swear the lot of you bring down the IQ of the whole college when you open your mouths."
John tried to fall asleep but the new memories of Sherlock were fresh in his mind, and for the first time in a long time, he was alone in a bed. His hand traveled from his chest to his stomach and eventually from his the start of his-
John started staying at Sherlock's a lot more. If Mary was out of town, if she was working late herself, if it had gotten late which usually happened on cases. Consequently, Sherlock began taking more cases. The two slept together, platonically (ish).
What he didn't know was that she would die. And when she would, John would get into the box himself, he would tape himself into it, because after what he had done to Mary, he didn't deserve Sherlock. Everyone he ever came close to, they got hurt. Whether it be Harry in the form of alcohol, Sherlock in the form of a fame suicide, his wife in the form of a bullet, or himself in the form of himself, they got hurt. It didn't matter what John had done in his childhood to deserve Sherlock, after what he had done in adulthood, he didn't deserve any of it.
Because he couldn't remember doing anything good in his adulthood. Not anything good enough to get Sherlock in return, to get happiness in return because every time he saw him, he felt as though there was no box, there were no what ifs, there was nothing but them. He felt funnier around him, he felt confident, he felt like air, and he found that, through Sherlock, he could love himself. But that wasn't the best part. It was knowing that Sherlock loved him as much as he loved him back. Even if he hadn't said it to him, even if they weren't doing whatever they were doing before, Sherlock was still Sherlock. And to John, Sherlock was transparent.
John started staying at Sherlock's a lot more. If Mary was out of town, if she was working late herself, if it had gotten late which usually happened on cases. Consequently, Sherlock began taking more cases. The two slept together, platonically (ish).
John did his best to make Mary happy. Months passed, and he learnt to control his moans (to his own surprise) He had learnt to fake a smile. Sometimes, so well that he believed it himself. But maybe that was because he really did smile when Mary spoke because in some ways, she had saved him or maybe it was because behind Mary, was Sherlock who smiled and turned his collar up, who roamed around with his thick curls bouncing away, who sometimes smiled at John like he did before. Smiled at him like- there really there was no way of describing how Sherlock looked at John. He smiled at John like he had just won the Nobel Prize
John stood, his mouth ajar. He didn't interrupt him, not once. Was it that obvious? No, it wasn't, it couldn't be. Only he could see it.
"New clothes, cheap, badly ironed, must be a college graduate. Shoes, tie, suit say lawyer. Shaving foam on his neck says no one close to tell him about it, single. The nurse just waved at him so he comes here often. The way he walks says insecure about height, too tall, grew up with a short mother then, the genetically gifted father wasn't around. The chain around his neck has a ring, old but polished, must be his mother's, well taken care of. Loves mom, no dad around, insecure, lawyer. Must be a domestic abuse lawyer. Mother probably went through it."
Another few months later, John got married. The two continued on as before. At least once a week, John stayed in his room with Sherlock.
John looked up and frowned a bit because that wasn’t the direction he had expected that to go. It was a young girl no older than John, possibly a year younger actually. She was the bartender and had her brown hair pulled back into a high ponytail, she had on a My Chemical Romance band t-shirt and some ripped skinny jeans. John noticed she also had a nose piercing, which was just a diamond stud, and her ears had piercings going all the way up. She didn’t wear that much make up, but then again she really didn’t need to because she was very pretty. Most likely had to bat most of the blokes away in this dodgy place. She flashed a smile at John and he noticed a row of perfect teeth.
Sherlock hummed and stood up, “I did. I was talking to Mike this morning about how my flatmate just left me and how it would most likely take me months to find another one... I can be a rather difficult man to live with, but now here he is just after lunch with an old friend, who clearly just came home from his military services in Afghanistan and needed a flat share... it really wasn’t that difficult of a leap.”
Sherlock frowned because maybe he actually was trying to fix things... He slowly opened the letter and started to read, he wanted to go into his room for privacy, but he figured that would be a bit rude to his guests.
John finished hanging the clothes and then went back downstairs to sit next to Sherlock, “I’ll be with you every step of the way, okay?” He whispered and kissed his hand.
John shuffled on his feet and then groaned, he was going to wear it under his shirt anyway, regardless of what the necklace looked like. But Sherlock was looking at him like
John imagined that if he had ever actually joined the army he would be very good so he nodded once and straightened his body, “
Sherlock let him. He would always let him. John hadn’t shown any sense of anger or sadness since the night he returned. He was just silent most of the time and Sherlock isn’t an expert, but he’s fairly certain that that isn’t healthy.
Brain watched as John twitched and swallowed hard. Perhaps he was wrong about them, but clearly now John couldn’t just stand there and take that, “You have a reason now, John! DO IT! How dare he insult your father like that,” He screamed.
John sighed as he ran his fingers through his hair, trying to tame it down somewhat. The only time he really saw Sherlock was at school when Sherlock, John, and the rugby players would all sit on the grass by Sherlock's tree and eat. He would also see him in class, but Sherlock never spoke and neither did he. Hopefully, all Sherlock would need was time, but he left in a week and didn’t exactly have time. One thing he didn’t want to do was to go off to the war and not have made up with Sherlock. He would probably cave before then, but for now he would hold his ground.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, slightly annoyed that he got his dirty trainers all over Sherlock's nice dress shoes. “And why would I look at you when I know you just came over here to pick on me? I’d much rather read, Brian, bullying doesn’t suit you.”
One time i read one of his cards he gave my mom and it was for their twenty first anniversary which just happened in march and he said "21 Years and it only seems like yesterday when i held you in my arms for the first time as your husband. I love you so much that words cannot describe. You are truly amazing..." And the card goes on, but that was just a sample. Basically all of his cards are like that and sometimes more heartfelt. He's also an amazing dad.... i have so many great memories with him....
John didn’t say anything in reply to her. He couldn’t because if he did he knew he would break – he knew if he said anything about Sherlock he would break and breaking made this real. Guess he was stuck sitting on the pavement until whenever she got done. Maybe he would just sit there for the rest of his life. It didn’t matter though, nothing did, it had most likely been hours since Sherlock had flung himself from the rooftop and yet… it felt like no time had passed at all. Like he was frozen in time, but everything was moving on without him. How could they move on when the most wonderful person John had ever known had just fucking killed themselves? He took a small breath as he stared at the blood stained pavement, he remembered watching them try to clean it up, but they didn’t manage to get it all out.
I don't really have any notes for the beginning... i'll save them for the end.. However, this is the end. The end of this story. I hope you guys enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed writing it (:
John giggled and felt most of the anger dissolve from him. “Well, I will be sure to not let Cakeman anywhere near my cake.”
“Nope. No. You – nope. I’m coming up there.” John stumbled with his words and then started to walk inside again.
He didn’t know where he was going to go, he didn’t know what he was going to do, and he didn’t want to use any of Sherlock's money. He supposed he had to though, otherwise he would be sleeping on the streets for the night. He sighed and just made his way to a hotel, he checked in and went to his room. It was a bit dingy, but John wasn’t looking for glamor, he just needed a place to sleep.
A couple of weeks passed and John was trying... he was really trying, but Brian was insufferable and if John tried to talk to Sherlock about it he just ignored him or told him not to worry. John didn’t understand why Sherlock wouldn’t listen to him and that hurt him a bit, but he supposed he would have to earn Sherlock’s trust back. Either way, he wasn’t even living in the flat and Brian was still insufferable. He did see parts of the old Sherlock though, so he thought that this could actually work and maybe that was the reason why he was even trying in the first place.
Sherlock smiled sadly and nodded, “You know... Technically we never broke up.” He whispered and slowly grabbed his hand. “It will be hard for me to get used to having you back in my life and sometimes I might get really angry with you, but I would really like it if we continued what we had before you left, or at the very least start over.”
This story is going to be filled with loads of fluff and angst and humour and heartbreak and everything because I love feels! Also I'm a lame arse American and I don't know how the school system works over there so you can all suck it up because I'm going off my school system thingy! gah! #Lameos
“NO! You just want him to love you!!! You suck up to him time and time again no matter what the reasoning is! No matter when! You
John stopped walking immediately and looked back up at him, “Okay...” He whispered, putting his hand up in resignation before dropping it again.
John got back from the mission and frowned a bit when the mailman said that there hadn’t been anything for John yet. Perhaps the mail was behind or it got lost, he knew it would turn up eventually so he shrugged and decided to write Sherlock a follow up letter anyway. Hell, Sherlock probably hadn’t even received his first letter yet, he always lost track of days in the Afghanistan heat.
“Hello, John!” Claire sung happily, the sound made John feel sick, how the fuck could she be happy at a time like this? How the
Lily Holmes put down the plate she was currently holding and ran to her youngest child. She kissed him on the forehead and pulled him into a giant hug. “Oh, my baby’s finally found a friend!! Sherlock why didn’t you introduce me sooner!” She kept kissing the top of his head like he had just told her he had won the lottery.
After what felt like hours, but was probably only forty-five seconds, he reached the shore and pulled them both out of the water. He made sure John was lying flat on his back and got to work immediately. He removed the bag from John’s head and checked his vitals for life. John wasn’t breathing...
Eventually, they left and went to the safe house. No one said anything and Mycroft was livid. He could barely look at Sherlock, but he wasn’t angry with Sherlock... he was angry with himself. He should have been there more for Sherlock; he was in such a high position in the government he should have fucking seen it. One thing was for certain though... This so called ‘M’ would not be getting away with this.
Sherlock trailed his left hand down John's arm until he slowly snatched John's wrist. He raised it above John's head and pinned it against the wall. John made a sound that went straight down to his groin. Sherlock moved his head and started kissing John's neck.
Sherlock jerked back to life at the sound of Mycroft’s voice and smiled a bit. “Hey… Do as Mycroft says, love… Be my brave little soldier. Can you do that for me?” He smiled as best as he could, even though he tried to smirk, and John nodded. That was all he needed from Sherlock. He climbed out of the car awkwardly and they ran to Mycroft’s car, where John climbed into the backseat, still holding Sherlock. He sat down and Sherlock whimpered a bit.
Sherlock flinched on the other end and swallowed, “I just thought you would still be here… where did you go….”
John closed his eyes and just kept his head on Sherlock’s chest, “Don’t you fucking dare.” He breathed harshly and just felt the rise and fall of Sherlock’s chest. The very real sign that he was here and this wasn’t his imagination. Not this time.
OKAY LITERALLY I'M A TERRIBLE TERRIBLE PERSON!!!! I. AM. SO. SORRY. I know I keep saying this but I’m going to try and be better... my life has just been so hectic with work and then I get home and all I want to do is sleep, but I must go to the gym and then I’m even more exhausted... omg you guys don’t care but moral of the story is IM GOING TO BE BETTER!!!
He hesitated a moment before nodding, “Yeah... I would like to go to bed now... umm, I’ll see you in the morning, yeah?”
Sherlock closed his eyes and slowly reached up to wrap his hands gently around John's wrists, holding them so he would stop hitting his chest. "I know... I know it was, my love. And I will never forgive myself for the pain I have caused you, but I didn't have any other choice. You would have died if I didn't..." He whimpered.
Mycroft's eyes were wide and he swallowed thickly. Why oh why was he so stupid! This was one of the few times he hadn’t called for backup because he honestly didn’t think he needed it! In all honesty he thought that John just lied about the military for a simple reason. Looking back now he realised that that was a rather stupid thought, but this man looked like he couldn’t hurt a fly. He just looked like a depressed middle aged man trying to fit in, oh how wrong he was. He tried to remain calm, but he was pretty sure his face was slipping.
John froze, but then quickly recovered with a small shake of the head. “Oh... just, you know, over there…” He pointed straight in front of them, “You’ll be home before me though.”
“All right, two stone.” Sherlock shot him a look, pocketing his phone, then folded his arms over the unmistakable curve of his stomach. “No need to feed me up anymore. Happy?”
John rolled Sherlock onto his back, pinning his shoulders, and began to kiss a line down his body, running his hands over him as Sherlock hummed appreciatively. Even flat on his back, John noted, Sherlock’s belly was starting to curve upwards rather than lay flat. John kissed it reverently. “I’d be mad not to like this.”
John shifts in his chair, his hand going to his waistband instinctively. It’s pinching, as usual. But he’d somehow put it out of his mind.
“Dunno if I need one.” Sherlock shifts on the sofa, his trousers still partly undone. “What I really need is some ice cream.”
“Since Christmas.” Sherlock gives him an annoyed look. “I thought the fit of your trousers made it fairly obvious.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but his cheeks, already rosy from wine and food, flushed a bit pinker. His crisp white button-down was riding up slightly, exposing a pale, smooth sliver of belly.
“Is that what happened.” John returned to kiss Sherlock’s tum again. “You think so? Feeding you, was I?”
“You’re not fat,” Sherlock insisted, stepping close enough to run a hand up John’s side. “Just… round, is all.” He reached out to undo the top button on John’s shirt. John’s belly brushed against Sherlock’s pyjamas.
Sherlock scowled. “Had to repair the trouser button two days ago.” He rested a hand over John’s. “Both my parents gained weight when they got older. I suppose it’s my turn.”
“At least.” John couldn’t help grinning. “I’ve never seen this before. Jesus, look at us. We look so young.” He glanced between the Sherlock in the picture, nearly gaunt, dark hollows under his cheekbones, to the Sherlock sitting next to him. He chuckled. “And we look so
Sherlock’s brow furrowed. He ran a hand experimentally over his middle, which was no longer entirely concave. John noted with mild surprise – and something like arousal – that Sherlock was, in fact, getting a bit of a belly.
True to his word, John takes up jogging, and starts up some of his basic training exercises from his army days. He’s dismayed to find he’s woefully out of shape. He finds Sherlock’s eyes on him whenever he gets back to the flat, sweaty and winded.
But it was still surprising to see the effects of Sherlock’s indulgences slowly becoming visible. Straining buttons at Sherlock’s chest were joined by even more stressed buttons at his middle. Sherlock’s trousers began to look painfully tight at the waist, their bespoke tailoring unprepared for any added inches. Even his jacket buttons were beginning to look strained. Sherlock took to wearing his pyjamas more often, abandoning his suits as soon as they got home from a case, his pyjama bottoms pushed lower to accomodate his newly rounded little belly.
Of course, this isn’t the first time they’ve been in this sort of predicament. Sherlock has pulled John back from the brink of death several times, and vice versa. But this time is more difficult. Sherlock can’t seem to get enough leverage; he seems too light to properly counterbalance. They hear footsteps at the far end of the roof, and Sherlock at last gives a massive heave. John’s foot hits some sort of supporting beam and he pushes off, and Sherlock drags him out of the hole at last, both of them gasping for breath. They scramble to their feet and manage to make it to the fire escape just as shots echo behind them.
“Genetics.” Sherlock waved a hand. “No matter, there’s a cold case in the file, I can fast at least a week if I start working on it –”
John couldn’t figure out what to do. So he said nothing, but as soon as the lights went off and they went to bed each night, he continued to lavish affection on Sherlock’s middle. Sherlock, for his part, continued to take John to pieces with his hands and his tongue, as usual. And when they weren’t in bed, Sherlock continued to eat with his now-normal enthusiasm.
John smiles at him, pleased. “Once you start eating, your appetite’s going to improve, you know. You might feel a bit better in general.”
“You’ve mostly put on muscle,” John added. “Which is completely unfair.” He glanced down at himself again. “And honestly, I’d better stop eating altogether if you’re thinking like that.”
“You bastard.” John leaned in, nuzzling a kiss into his neck. “You’re doing this on purpose.” His hands roamed over Sherlock’s body: thicker, definitely. And his stomach was approaching an adorable, undeniable pot belly – just a very small one.
After a few happy, content weeks, John began to notice another change. They’d been cooking even more, enjoying frequent meals together, dining out whenever they could. John’s trousers were feeling a little snug. But could it be that Sherlock’s buttons were straining even more than usual? John didn’t think it was possible. But the more he looked at Sherlock, the more he was convinced that his chest looked broader, his waist a touch thicker. He definitely looked healthy – regular sex and plenty of good food had given a glow to his pale cheeks. If Sherlock was putting on a few pounds, it was certainly a change for the better. God knows he’d been seriously underweight for years.
And the sex, oh God, the sex. When they’d first started sleeping together, Sherlock had been all bones and muscle. These days he was still heavy with muscle, but he was more belly and arse than bones. He felt soft and warm and just...
Sherlock throws out his other hand, and John grabs it. The boards creak again, and Sherlock immediately slides forward toward the edge of the hole.
Sherlock hummed impishly, beginning to chuckle. John reached for him, sliding a hand up under his shirt. Sherlock flinched. On closer inspection, Sherlock’s belly was definitely rounding, curving out just below his navel. “Oh, I like this,” John said. “This is very good. Very very good.”
John feels his stomach twist. He’s loved this, watching Sherlock fill out, but he figures it has to be over sometime. He sighs. “Sherlock, you really don’t need to lose it –”
“Christ, Sherlock. Quite a lot, actually,” John said, shifting to kiss Sherlock’s forehead. “I’ve been afraid to say anything in case you’d decide to lose it.”
“No, not that.” Sherlock glanced up at John, his eyes traveling over John’s body. They lingered on John’s waist for a telling moment.
Sherlock laughed, and John straightened a bit, flushed and breathing hard. “Pretty soon there’ll be no hiding this,” John said, patting Sherlock’s belly. “And I hope you know, I’ll still have sex with you if you decide to stop this little experiment. That’s pretty much a given.”
The initial thrill of Sherlock’s indulgence did eventually wane, and Sherlock’s metabolism remained lightning-fast, despite Sherlock’s denial of this fact. Between the ebb and flow of cases, and their still-very-active sex life, his weight stabilised, and sometimes plummeted. But John saw to it that Sherlock almost always kept a bit of extra padding, and occasionally more than that.
As Mary’s departure faded into the past, the mood in Baker Street steadily improved. They were busy, but not too busy, striking a balance between case work and leisure time. If John didn’t know better, he’d almost say Sherlock seemed… happy. The violin played soaring melodies these days, rather than cacophony. The wall hadn’t been shot at in ages. Sometimes, John came back from the surgery to find that Sherlock had even replenished the milk. Baker Street was starting to feel downright domestic.
Time heals all wounds, or so the saying goes, and John was thankful for it. Mary was gone now, back in hiding after her past had caught up with her in a dangerous way. The baby was with her, which was painful, but not quite as painful now that John knew he wasn’t the father. Sherlock welcomed him back to Baker Street, and it was as if a huge weight had been lifted. After a rough few months, John slowly began to feel more like himself than he had in years.
After that, Sherlock stopped complaining. It seemed that John’s persistent enthusiasm and lavishing of attention over every inch of new flesh had put his mind at rest. The sex continued to be amazing, and Sherlock’s weight crept up, slowly but surely.
John watched Sherlock rifle through the wardrobe and raised an eyebrow. From the side, Sherlock’s belly pushed out the front of his shirt by the barest amount.
“I don’t really want to be in them at the moment,” Sherlock growled, running a hand over John’s straining erection.
“Honestly,” John added, settling his hands on Sherlock’s waist. “You look healthy. And really bloody
“You’re meant to carry some extra weight.” Sherlock’s cheeks actually turn pink. “It suits you. Not like me.”
Two weeks and quite a bit of carbonara later, Sherlock steps off the scale, and John gives a low whistle. “Four more pounds this week. You’re over a stone more than me now, love."
Sherlock looked flushed, but was it embarrassment -- or arousal? John felt his own cheeks growing hot. Last time he’d checked, Sherlock had been thirteen stone -- up from his usual rail-thin eleven stone.
They were getting plenty of exercise, if sex counted as exercise, but Sherlock’s appetite showed no signs of waning. And so, much to John’s amazement, he continued to fill out. His thin chest broadened, and his ribs began to disappear. His arse rounded out in a delicious curve, which drove John to distraction. And most impossibly of all, his belly started to poke out by a fractional amount. After one lazy weekend spent lounging in their pyjamas, Sherlock went to dress after showering and found his trousers just wouldn’t do up.
“Now that’s your own fault,” John says, realising his own trousers have become uncomfortably tight. For several reasons.
John was sore everywhere. He’d had more sex in the past month than most people had in a year. Sherlock had been insatiable, both for food and for…. other things. It’s not like John hadn’t been mad for Sherlock before, but somehow his newly thickening waistline hit John in a particularly sensitive spot. It was as if Sherlock was finally letting himself be vulnerable, no longer some sort of unattainable, perfect machine.
Sherlock’s weight had continued to inch upward, very slowly, but very steadily. Most of it had gone to his tum, which was now hefty enough to edge into his lap while he was sitting. John loved how Sherlock had gotten into the habit of putting a hand on it while he was thinking, or working on a case. He loved how it poked up when Sherlock lay on the couch. And he especially loved the shape of it when Sherlock was full, like right now: completely round. He still thought of Sherlock as slim, for some reason, but he supposed that someone who’d just met Sherlock might even think he was – podgy. Just a little bit.
Sherlock rests a hand on the side of his stomach. “I’d meant to stop this,” he grumbles, “but it turns out I quite like the food.”
John opened the envelope. Inside were a stack of photographs, many at least a decade old – some even older. Shots from crime scenes, newspaper clippings of cases. All of them featuring Sherlock, and some with John as well. John grinned.
And there was also the way Sherlock looked with a belly on him -- a real belly, not just a soft little tum. When he overate, they could both see how he would really look, if the effects of his meal stuck around -- Sherlock was tall, and his chest was broader now, and he could get big if he really wanted to do it.
“But I’ve always liked you this way,” Sherlock said, leaning over to nuzzle a kiss into John’s neck.
The next week, Sherlock ate breakfast. Also lunch. Dinner, always. And occasionally he kept a packet of biscuits open next to his laptop.
“My goodness,” he said, when he visited their flat a few days later. Sherlock was lounging in a dressing gown, finishing breakfast. “Shoe’s on the other foot now, isn’t it? More than a stone, Sherlock, in a
Sherlock sounded faintly embarrassed. “Not exactly. I did think about dieting. But nothing happened.”
The sex, as John had said, was amazing. There was no other word for it. Years of pining and longing had exploded into the most passionate, intense lovemaking of John’s life. If he’d ever had any doubts about crossing the line of friendship with Sherlock, they were blown away the first time they fell into bed together. They managed to keep up with Sherlock’s cases, but just barely -- it was hard not to be distracted by thoughts of what they might do when they got back to Baker Street.
He had caught the attention of the class the way only a man of experience knows how. He was past the stuttering and stumbling awkwardness and over awareness of a substitute teacher, past the passion of a young "hot" professor, past the over ambition of a 25 year old, fresh from college, past feeling like a failure for teaching. He had held on to the best parts. The passion and ambition and everything, just less of it. Less of all of it, all of him.
John spent the night at 221b Baker Street in his old room that night. He stared at the ceiling and studied all the blemishes and cracks in the paint he knew all too well. He did his best to process everything that had taken place in the short amount of twenty four hours. Sherlock. The patient he had physically abused (that was bad). Mary (can't believe she didn't say anything about the mustache. I thought she thought it looked hot!) The train. Sherlock. His potential death. Sherlock's potential death. Sherlock being an utter cock, as usual ( or was usual). His almost confession. (Did I mention Sherlock?)
"You're tan. I can see from here that your neck isn't or anything further down because you weren't at a tanning salon, were you? No. You did it for a job. Look at the way you're standing, you don't need that sorry walking stick, you're not a cripple-"
Why did he let all this happen? Why did it happen? Why did Sherlock go? Why didn't he stay? Why didn't he?
But Sherlock stood very still and suddenly the world around him changed. They were no longer in Afghanistan, but in England. Sherlock was on top of a building while John watched from below.
John walked over to see him laughing into his hand as the bomb lay with the timer flashing the same number over and over and over again.
Sometimes, John wondered what his life would have been like if he had never gone to Afghanistan. Sometimes, he wondered what it would be like if he ran away from home as a kid. And other times, what it would be like if Sherlock hadn't jumped. Now, it seemed as though the adrenaline junky, danger addict, former bachelor John Watson's life was comprised of a bunch of what ifs.
A disc appeared with the words, "Did you miss me?" on it. And in it, was Mary. Telling Sherlock to save John, because she knew what they were capable of..once she was gone. She knew only they could save each other. She knew. All of it. From the start. She wanted them to continue.
There was only one thing John felt in that moment and it was betrayal. The eight letter word he couldn't quite put his finger on.
John chuckled. Sherlock was, no doubt, in extreme pain; that pain was not comparable to the unbearable suffering John was failing to face.
Somehow, John found himself in a dimly lit train, nearly shaking trying to accept the fact that he was going to die. He was going to die with the man he loved who was currently bent over a bomb that would lead to their demise. A bomb, not even the wisest man could stop. In a way, it was everything John wanted. He wanted to spend the rest of his life with Sherlock. In a way, he would. But the thought, the thought of spending the rest of his life hating and being bitter about the betrayal scared him more than death. And never coming out? Never accepting himself? Never telling the world, or at least Sherlock about how he felt? That. That was even scarier. He had to tell Sherlock how he felt about him. He had to. And so, from I don't shave for Sherlock Holmes, John was about to say I'll do anything for Sherlock Holmes.
He just didn't know Sherlock would ever use that power. He remembered the pool, remembered feeling Sherlock would do anything for him.
And John? He looked at Sherlock the way Sherlock looked at him, he looked at Sherlock like he was in love.
The boy blushed. "Oh, it's nothing, really, I just. I just see things, I suppose, that other people overlook. Remove the impossible and all that is left, no matter how improbable is true. I don't know."
Sometimes, John would wonder if he would spend his life this way, smile at Sherlock who stood behind Mary, look at him when he kissed her, bite his lower lip to avoid saying his name when he made love to her, tell her that he wanted to grow old with him- sorry, her. The facade had to fall. One of these days, it had to. John just had to make sure it wouldn't happen in front of Mary. He was after all, going to propose to him- sorry, her.
Immediately looking down at the paper, he pretended to scan it; she walked away, slowly at first and faster all at once. Her could hear her, her shoes hitting the floor tahk- tahk- tahk- tahk it sounded like the sound of guns, merciless Volvos and Widowmakers, he could practically feel his body shake from the recoil, tahk-tahk-tahk. God, why was it so hot? Why? Why?
"What we'll be studying is not poems about love or romance, not about ambition and greed and hate but war. War is- its different, it just is. You'll notice that not many write of the horrors of war but the little things. They-they talk about how they think their dog tag feels cold on their chest and how they burned their tea and how their- how their clothes- don't, don't smell like their mother's detergent anymore."
What was John thinking? Telling Sherlock he loved him? What about Mary? What about Sherlock "married to my work" Holmes? This could not happen. Even if he wanted it to.
"Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, no? Soldier. Afganistan or Iran? Too easy, too easy, a veteran teaching poetry about war. How orginal. Pension not enough for you, then."
John spent the night at 221b Baker Street in his old room that night. He stared at the ceiling and studied all the blemishes and cracks in the paint he knew all too well. He did his best to process everything that had taken place in the short amount of twenty four hours. Sherlock. The patient he had physically abused (that was bad). Mary (can't believe she didn't say anything about the mustache. I thought she thought it looked hot!) The train. Sherlock. His potential death. Sherlock's potential death. Sherlock being an utter cock, as usual ( or was usual). His almost confession. (Did I mention Sherlock?)
But, he also didn't want to be away from Sherlock ever. How could he put it into words? How could one possibly articulate something they didn't understand. How could he understand that the reason he hurt, the reason he felt like shit, the reason his pupils dilated when Sherlock looked into his eyes, the reason is heart beat faster when he came near, the reason his pulse increased to the point he could feel it thumling against his wrist, the reason why he had died, was love?
