“Any friend of yours is a friend of mine,” Mike said amiably.  “I’ll check out his blog.  Would you like to see the trauma centre?”
Owens actually gave a sympathetic smile, leant his chair back, relaxed his body, and crossed one leg up over the other.  “Don’t I know,” he said.  “But get yourself a pair of Docs, and they won’t trouble you so badly.”
“Let’s go fishing.”
Chapter Three: The Middle of Nowhere
“I love you!”
John swears he won’t.
.  Maybe they see it, deduce it, I don’t know.  But somehow, they feel it and make the change.  I don’t know why I feel what I feel, Sherlock.  God knows you can be a selfish, insufferable prat.  You’re moody and tactless.  You can be cold and occasionally cruel.  But you’re brilliant and you make me laugh and you’ve brought me back from a sad, empty life.  I just
“Might as well.  It will give me something to hold over his head next time he requires a favour.”
“These dioramas are horrible,” said Sherlock, scrutinizing a grisly-looking scene of a boy at a nineteenth-century butcher shop.  “Why on earth would there be blood all over the walls?  Someone got enthusiastic with a paintbrush.  No one does research!  That splatter should go up, not down.  The angle’s all wrong!”
“Um, no.”
No.  Okay.  John smiled a little to himself.  Time for another tactic.  “I didn’t get your name.”
Something dark passed across Sherlock’s eyes. “Don’t be an idiot, John.  She’s proud.  I’m betting she is extremely skilled at her art.  Maybe you can get her to stroke your feet as well.”
Sherlock fell asleep somewhere just north of Liverpool.  As a general rule Sherlock hated sleeping on trains, but without the case to keep his mind occupied, the transport demanded rest.  He’d fought it for a good hour, too, before John had shrugged out of his jacket and handed it over.  “Pillow,” he said.  “I’ll wake you.”  Sherlock had taken the jacket and balled it up, tucked it against the window and leaned against it.  Still, his body was tense and alert.  “I’ll stay awake,” John said softly.  “Just rest.”  Mollified, Sherlock had relaxed and was asleep almost instantly, leaving John alone with thoughts that were not appropriate for public transport.  Especially on Virgin trains.
He walked with his phone in his hand, waiting for it to buzz, and buzz it did when he was halfway to Camden Town.  He stopped and checked his texts.
“I know.”
John had managed to talk the administrator of Barts’ research wing into letting Sherlock have uninterrupted access to a lab once a week on condition that he signed in and out, didn’t blow anything up, and made a list of the supplies he used so they could be restocked.  He was not, however, allowed unsupervised time in the mortuary, at which he sulked about for a week before John finally lost his patience and yelled at him to be grateful that they even let him touch the electron microscope.
“I was sorting out the linen cupboard and found the old DVD player and a load of movies on the top shelf.  I was bored, Dad.  You two were off...doing
Thanks to everyone for your kind comments and for following along. You made it all worth it!
She smiled then, brown eyes twinkling.  “I will.  And, if you’d like, I can show you around a bit more.”
“Sherlock, stop.  Your brother.”
John shivered at all the right stimuli, laughed when the fur tickled him, and squirmed as the detective traced it over his erogenous zones.  “So,” he eventually said, “I can’t believe I’m actually condoning this, but what you were doing earlier…”
Thuckata-thuckata-thuckata
The noise of the shower muffled his sobbing.
What could move Sherlock to tears?
Sherlock offered no more.
“OK.”  John unbuttoned the button he’d been playing with; the little white pearlescent thing must struggle daily to keep Sherlock’s fitted shirts actually closed.  He unbuttoned another, slipped his fingers inside, touched Sherlock’s stomach.  It was firm and smooth.  “Did you have something particular in mind?”
John kissed Sherlock’s back.  “Point?”
“Dr. Watson!” he said affably.  “Do come in.  I’ve got something you might find interesting.”
“Sally,” said John, “before you go.  What kind of work did your father do?”
Sherlock’s face changed; he literally looked like he’d been slapped, mouth open, eyebrows quirked up.  “John!” he exclaimed, “that’s it!”
“I know.  But you got shot.”  She instantly swore under her breath.  “Shit.  I’m sorry.  That’s really private.  I don’t think sometimes.”
could be more.  The possibility was there, at least.  I hoped.”
“You’re pure evil,” John muttered behind him.
John shuddered, a full-body shiver.  “Jesus, Sherlock.”
Molly was preparing to perform an autopsy.   She looked up at the pair from her her paper mask, eyes lighting up when she saw Sherlock, who wasted no time shucking his coat, rolling up his shirtsleeves and finding gloves.  (John gave him a case of nitrile surgical gloves as a Christmas gift once - Sherlock needed the largest size available and took an unnatural delight in snapping them on and then finding something to do that would require their use.)
They let themselves out, both feeling rather like school children, giddy with the knowledge that they had a special place of their own, a secret garden hidden from the eyes of the world.
“I want to have sex,” Sherlock announced, his eyes crossing a bit as he tried to make eye contact with their faces so close together.  “Sex, John.  Making love.  Intercourse. Fucking.  All of that.  Right now.”
“Are you a virgin?”
“Mmm,” John agreed, shifting his own hips up.  “So, if you do something I don’t like, I’ll tell you, and vice versa.”
case was your way of concealing them, that was pretty pathetic.  You should have chosen your underwear drawer or something.”
He heard a splash when he reached the door.  His hand on the handle, he had to resist looking back.  Had Sherlock jumped in completely starkers?  John rolled his eyes.  The man was mad, he was sure of it.
It began to rain again late in the evening, so he wrestled with his resistance band and tinkered with his blog for a while.  He was considering bed when he remembered to check his messages.  One voicemail: it was Sarah Sawyer from the clinic in Leeds.  He had a job.
John supposed it did, after a fashion.  He stood, stretched, went to the gents’ to empty his bladder and splashed some water on his face.  When he returned, Sherlock was reading something about the season’s latest trend in high heels (platforms are out!).  A much safer topic.  Nothing that might become suggestive.
John complied, too tired to feel the thrill of dirtiness that usually came when he put his arse on offering.
John was growing suspicious that he was being mocked.  The week after his failed sexual encounters with Sherlock Substitute, John found himself surrounded by references to sex.  Everything he saw or read seemed to be about penetration; he heard the word
He followed the stream for a while as it slipped over shiny stones and at one point over a little man-made waterfall toward a fish pond.  He walked around the pond until he came to the small dam, under which the water sluiced out and rambled away from the grounds into the woods.  A small pasture for two horses lay between the pond and the long stone stable building, and John watched them for a while.  Harry had been crazy about them as a kid, but John had always been wary -- they were bloody gigantic.  These two --a black and a chestnut-- looked relatively harmless.
John didn’t need to be asked twice.
“His name is Bobby, Sherlock.  I’ll let you figure out the rest.”  She dug in her handbag a moment and pulled out a plastic key card.   “Just promise me I’m not going to get fired,” she said as she placed it in Sherlock’s upturned palm.
John looked at the list of 10 things that would supposedly “drive a man wild.”  They included suggestions such as “use your hair to tease his body” and “feel the chill with an ice cube!”  Some were actually decent pieces of advice, such as “nibble his nipples” and “don’t forget the bollocks!” -- both of which were high on John’s “yes” list.  He passed the magazine back.
They walked back to the house in silence and went in the back entrance.
John huffed out a laugh.  “True enough.  Still gross.  Though I’m quite pleased that I can walk barefoot in here without shit sticking to the bottom of my feet.  Leftovers?”  he offered as he went in search of last night’s Thai.
John stares at the tiles, the pattern of water droplets from where his hand swiped still visible.  The water is getting in his eyes so he closes them and as he does so he realises that his penis, so disinterested a moment ago, is well on its way to becoming spectacularly hard.
“...Her name is Rosie…” he mutters under his breath.
Sherlock actually chuckled.  “I admit I can be a colossal dick but that does not necessarily mean that I have one.  Rather the opposite, I’m afraid.”
“Can’t.  Busy.”
Joyce came in with an armful of clean napkins and dumped them on the table.  “There.  Two loads for all that.  I can’t believe Sherlock Holmes was here the entire time.  I’ve heard he’s nothing like Mr. Holmes.  His brother, that is. The one with a stick up his arse. Holmes Junior is said to be brilliant too, but rude and nosy with it.  His friend, though, Dr. Watson?  Now he’s right nice.  I’ve read his thing on the internet. ”
“Well, ask away.   I owe you after that.”
Quickly realizing that he couldn’t take in the whole thing, much less half of it, without gagging, John changed positions, wrapping his left hand hand around the base of Sherlock’s penis and concentrated on the glans instead, licking and swiping his tongue around, tasting salt and skin.  He thought about what he liked and tried to do the same, moving his hand in rhythm to the bobbing of his head as he tried a bit of suction.  This, too, elicited a few choice words from his lover, whose legs were now moving a bit as he tried to keep his hips still.
“Did you ever hear how my father died?”
“Essentially, yes.  If you’d like to do some basic maintenance I certainly wouldn’t be averse to it.  Most of the west wing has been renovated already, but there are a few projects that remain to be completed.  The east wing is off limits due to construction.  Lestrade does most of the outdoor work, but you’re welcome to tackle a project or two.  I’d like you on for at least the months of March and April.  It may not be necessary for you to stay on longer, but you may stay longer if it suits you.  If, of course, you find better accommodations elsewhere, you are welcome to leave.”
John took a shaky breath.  Exhaled.  “Not exactly, but yes.”
-Walt Whitman
He actually did use the toilet and thought about sending off a text to Sherlock while the tap was running.  He didn’t dare, however, in case Sherlock was still in the house and his text alert gave him away.
He spots a plane approaching from the south, the white lights blinking in the distance.  It’s cold, his nose is starting to run, and, for once, he knows exactly what he wants.  Sherlock stands next to him, a solid presence, as steadfast as he was all those years ago when he stood in front of their friends and family and made a vow.
Sherlock stopped the bike on a lawn that had been turned into an overflow carpark and took off his helmet.  John did the same, but Sherlock was making no move to actually get off the bike.
“Not gay, then?”
When he meets Mary, it finds a new home in a small crystal vase, where it rests, a metal flower.  John places it on his chest of drawers and polishes it weekly.
“Good morning!” she said, dark eyes twinkling as she shook their hands and joined them.  “I trust you two are enjoying yourselves?”
Eventually, the yearning subsided.
He hears the shower running before he even opens the door.  Sherlock’s likely been rummaging through someone’s rubbish again.  Sighing, he hangs up his jacket, makes tea, and waits.  A few minutes later the water turns off and Sherlock wanders out.  John blinks.  It’s the first time he’s seen his flatmate in a state of undress, and he’s shocked by what he sees: for as lanky as Sherlock is, his musculature is well-defined, from his arms down to his flat belly.  A slight smattering of hair dusts the centre of his chest; John can see it still curled, still damp from the shower.  Sherlock’s mop of hair has been towelled off, but his curls are in complete disarray, and a few droplets of water drip from the ends to land on his collarbones before rolling down that expanse of chest and abdomen before being absorbed by the towel that looks barely held together at his groin.  His hips frame his navel, under which a trail of dark, tightly curled hair disappears under white terry cloth.  John recognized Sherlock was good-looking immediately.  The detective was unusually beautiful, in nearly an alien way that made him all the more enigmatic.  But now, mother-naked with the exception of his towel, Sherlock revealed himself to be a fine specimen of man.  A small part of John is jealous.  The other part is appreciative.  He isn’t gay, of course, but how could any human not appreciate physical beauty in another when it is so blatantly on display?  That is what he tells himself, at least.
As it turned out, there was no talking.  As soon as they’d got in, Sherlock was drawn into the proceedings whereupon he got into a heated debate with one of the antiques dealers about the value of a painting.  (It ended badly for the antiques dealer.)  It seemed to take ages before Anthea withdrew her army of redecorators.
“You want me to
They walked back quietly, occasionally brushing hands.  John could sense Sherlock looking at him, and John didn’t even try to suppress the smile that pulled on his lips.  He was profoundly happy.  And in love.
“That’s for certain.  Amazing what some of the new kit can do.  Cancer treatments, for example.  Everything’s so much more precise, targeted.  Clean.  It’s beautiful.”
Sherlock tamed his hair in the mirror.  “I suppose it’s a legitimate concern,” he said, shrugging.  “I can’t say I don’t occasionally feel the desire.  I’ve locked it away, but sometimes that door slips open.  She keeps a key,” he said quietly, almost to himself.  “Cocaine.”  He said the word almost in a sigh, nearly reverent.  It chilled John to the bone.  “However,” he continued, “I have significant reasons not to allow myself to return to it.  And those are more powerful than chemical enhancement.  You asked me earlier what I fear.  I fear very little, John.  But losing you would be unbearable.”
the same spot.  He works himself through the aftershocks watching it drip down.  Jesus.
Sherlock smiled, crisis averted.  The tension dissolved.
, he thought immediately, until he reached in and picked one up to find it completely unlabelled.  He pocketed the tiny glass tube, feeling confident he’d found what he was looking for, walked out of her office to find Melissa still engaged with her computer, and sat back down.
John wiped water from his eyes.  “He wouldn’t be wanting them back, that’s for sure.”
John shot a look at the cabbie, who had to have heard that.  “Not good, Sherlock,” he warned.
“Well, if he were here  now, I’d ask him who ruined the bed in the honeymoon suite.  Whoever they were probably broke the bed springs too, for all I know.  He’d know right away.  Probably enjoy embarrassing someone, too.”
John looks up and squints at Sherlock.  “That’s not something you hear every day,” he says.
“That,” Sherlock clarified, “is what drives me wild in bed.”
“No?  Come on.  It’s wonderful news.”
“In my professional medical opinion,” said John, “he eats stupidity and shits sarcasm and if he farts at all, it’s in the form of an windy insult.”
There are some words Sherlock Holmes simply should not say.  “G-string” was one of them.  John’s brain went completely offline and the the words
John cycled through the facts, cursing his slightly-higher-than-average mental prowess.  If he could only think like Sherlock.  Every moment wasted Lillian was getting closer to the man he loved with her pointy little needles...
He left so quickly he didn’t even hear Molly’s clipboard hit the floor.
Sherlock and John got up from the bench and looked at ground where John’s forget-me-nots were sprouting.  “There were woodchips around the bottom of the plum tree,” said Sherlock.  “If I’m remembering it correctly, my guess would be that my father would have put the front legs of the ladder here” --he repositioned the ladder-- “and the back legs here, on the flagstones.  There wouldn’t have been footprints unless it was muddy, I suppose.  Shoes are always excellent evidence, however.  Whoever walked back here would have picked up all sorts of pollen, compost, and fertiliser.”
The duvet being pulled down, a dip in the bed.  John was drifting somewhere between wakefulness and sleep when he felt Sherlock crawl in beside him.
It pains me to say it, and I will deny it if questioned, but this place is romantic.  It’s beautiful, has a fascinating history, the garden has been intelligently planted with several bee-friendly varieties of rose, and I really do enjoy swimming.  It has provided me the perfect opportunity to force the issue, much to my initial discomfort.  I’m not sure if he knows what he would have done to me if I were met with rejection.  I might have just broken.  Right there, dissolved into atoms and become one with that salted water.  Sherlock Holmes, deceased, cause of death: molecular disintegration from a broken heart.
“Or is it Shakespeare?  Plenty of material about fathers in there, am I right?  No, not Shakespeare.  No.  I don’t…”
“Yeah.  And rumour has it that she has a boyfriend, too.”
“Yes, I see that.  Good.  Just in case.  Sherlock, did you know Mrs. Hudson was a dancer?”
They were silent for a moment, when Sam’s voice cut through the sound of the washer filling.
Sherlock shrugged.  “I was bored.  Thought I’d work on extracting enzymes.”
“Well, yeah.  He’s an addict.”
A minute later he realized that the distinctive sound was accompanied by a bright light which shone from behind the curtains.  John made himself stand.  He wiped his sweaty palms on his trousers and checked his watch.  Two in the morning.  He hobbled without his cane to the window where there really was a goddamned helicopter, right there on the front lawn.  A man climbed out.  Hard to tell what he was wearing from the distance and because of the rain, but he carried a briefcase of some sort and...and an umbrella?  Another man was waiting for him.  The helicopter took to the sky again.  Shaken, John went to the bathroom to wash his face before climbing into the big bed.
being telepathically beamed into his brain.
The robin landed in the birdbath and flapped its wings, sending droplets of water flying.  John looked at it fondly.
“You emerge exactly as you went in,” John said in a slightly threatening manner.
.  John smiled to himself.  The robin’s imaginary voice sounded an awful lot like Sherlock.
“Let’s go.”
“Aren’t you going to ask me to come with you?” asked Sherlock as John shrugged into his coat and found his gloves.  It was bloody cold out there.
Owens poured John a glass of water and opened a can of Heineken and brought them both to the small kitchen table.  He, too, sat, running his thumb across the top of his can of lager and looking uncomfortable.
The colour of the shower tiles is a mineral green, the same shade hospitals were so fond of in the 70s, except the ones in their shower are considerably older.  They are in good condition, though, and John keeps their bathroom clean, for fear that his flatmate will culture anything that may grow if he neglects to squirt bleach around now and then.  So when he sees a blob of what he initially thinks is shampoo on the tiles between the shower head and the temperature dial, he swipes at his with his hand to wash it away.  No sooner does he do so when he realizes that what’s now swirling down the drain is most decidedly
Mycroft was quiet.  Apparently John had hit a nerve.  “I think he and I have rather moved beyond talking,” he said softly before standing and pulling down his waistcoat.  “I must say, John, that you are very loyal, very quickly.  Please do keep an eye out for him.  I worry about him.  Constantly.”
Eventually my jaw gets sore.  I sit back on my heels to wipe my mouth (I’m a mess) and give myself a few tugs.  John lies there, head to the side, eyes closed smiling to himself.  “God that’s good,” he says half into his pillow.  I can see where I’d been holding him open, prints of my hands on the pale skin of his arse.
He laughed and laughed, and then he laughed some more, until tears streamed down his face.
He nodded as he fought the pull of drug-induced sleep. Everything was so
“Not like this.”
“You want it?” John asked, gently pressing his index finger to Sherlock’s hole.  Sherlock groaned and shuddered.  He was incredibly sensitive there, and John had learned very quickly how to turn his logical lover into a quivering mess.  All it took was a firm but delicate touch, and Sherlock’s big beautiful brain went offline; the mind palace slammed all its doors simultaneously except for the one that contained everything he knew of love and sex, which was thrown wide open.  And add in a tongue?  The first time John attempted rimming, Sherlock had all but levitated off the bed.
“He’ll be doing no such thing.”
“Yeah.”
“I’m not giving you four, are you joking?  You can have one.”
I’ve always known that love is a powerful motivator, and right now it motivates me to run my hand down my body and grab at that usually unresponsive piece of flesh.  I remember the last time I did this, last month, when John came in from a jog (he said he needs to work out; how I had longed to see what was under those jumpers more clearly). He was flushed and sweaty and vibrantly alive.  He greeted me before gulping down a glass of water and heading to the shower.  In those few minutes I went from being completely absorbed in reading an article on artificial digestive enzyme creation and the implications for the modern fish-pickling industry to thinking of nothing else but John Watson, naked in the shower.  I barely made it into the bedroom before I brought myself off.  Forgot what a mess it made.  By the time John left the bathroom, I was in Regent’s Park rose garden, on my second cigarette, and trembling with the heady combination of post-orgasmic euphoria and self-loathing.
“You consult with the police.  You?  Consult with the police?”
John dived again and again, searching, until he actually did find it, laden with stones.  He brought it up.
“He said he worked for
“No, I’m not.  Why do you keep asking me that?  Are
John hesitated, his hands still clasping the grab bar.  “I thought you said you were a safe rider,” he shouted.
.  Wouldn’t you agree?”
“...Beautiful.  I’ll miss the pool.  And my room.  I’m glad we’re taking this bed, by the way.  Yours isn’t as soft.  I’ll miss the way it smells here.  I’ll miss the garden.”
“The door’s open,” he heard Sherlock mutter from inside.
“It’s true.  Leybourne would never see her potential without encouragement.  Idiot.”
“You interfered with his marriage.”
he thought to himself, moving his legs slightly further apart, for comfort.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Kiss me, John,” said Sherlock.
“Thanks.  Do you really manage all of this on your own?  I mean, Jesus.  What a job!  This place is massive.”
“How much do you know about hair removal, John?”
“No, really.  Tell me.”
John took his time standing -- her appearance had given him quite a fright and now his leg was acting up -- and led her to the area he’d been working on near the stump of the plum tree.  He’d cleared the area completely, and had begun loosening the soil.  “I thought I’d plant these here.”
Chapter 2
“He took that well,” said Sherlock.
to be told anything about his past when it was apparently simply on display, so it was only fair that John be given a few glimpses into what made Sherlock Holmes tick.
If Lestrade had had a mouthful of tea, John was sure it would have come flying out at the moment.
The two men gave each other a knowing look.  John grinned to himself.  Well, at least
John smiled to himself and typed out:
He could have left feeling perfectly happy and was feeling a bit dreamy when James announced he’d do the “relaxation” portion.  “I’m relaxed,” John announced to the ceiling.  He was afraid he sounded a bit drunk.
“Oh. Oh!  Um, a boyfriend then?  Which is fine, by the way.”
As the water beats down on my back, my hands get to work in my front.  I could have come down there, in that pool, with John’s tongue in my mouth.  In hindsight, I’m surprised I didn’t go off like a rocket at the first brush of lips.  Kissing has always seemed so...tedious...and I’ve never really enjoyed it, but I stopped counting the times I found myself focussed on John’s mouth, his wonderfully expressive mouth, even in the very beginning, when he would drop words of praise from that tongue, those lips.  An instant high.  For someone who doesn’t smoke, John is certainly orally fixated.  He rubs those lips of his, licks them constantly, pouts, swears.  My army doctor, a feisty fellow whose mouth can be as efficient as his fists. His mouth
“The man who read the electricity meter?” asked John.
“Are you coming with me?” John replied.
“£225.”
Time passed in the slow, syrupy way it tended to pass in the small hours of the morning.  John’s mind wandered.  What on earth would drive Sherlock ‘wild in bed’?  Something off-the-wall, no doubt.  But what if… what if it were something totally mundane?  Maybe what drove Sherlock wild was a firm grip on his hips, or a tongue to that spot where neck met shoulder...
“OK,” said John, holding up his hands, “that’s quite enough.”  He was
John marvels at my body, the way it goes through the sexual response cycle as everyone else’s does.  He still finds it completely absorbing, as if I had never had a libido before.  I have, of course, explained to him that I simply abstained, that I could control myself.  He’d just never had the occasion to witness it, before.  What would he have done, anyway, before we were lovers?  How would have responded, had he seen me in the shower, in my bed, or occasionally on the sofa, indulging in a bit of self-pleasure.  (“I would have bloody well joined in,” he says now.  He wouldn’t have. It would have been a bit not good.  That was before.  I do not think of before often.  Rather upsetting.)
“Now look here,” sputtered  Anderson.
“On your motorbike.”
He started swimming in the pool to build up his strength and mobility, and he rode his bicycle to the train station on work days: might as well keep trying to get his leg to cooperate.  The bloody thing gave him trouble when he least expected it to, even though he knew that there was no physiological reason for it to still be acting up.  Sometimes his thigh just ached, and he’d lie in a hot bath, trying not to look at the scar, which still looked comically like a purple arrow pointing to his penis.  That particular organ had been completely neglected since his injury.  He rarely, if ever, woke with an erection, and the three times he tried to pleasure himself had failed miserably, ending in flaccidity and frustration.  He always had struggled with emotional intimacy, but physical intimacy had always come so easy to him, second nature, really.  He’d had a small but trim body, his face wasn’t unpleasant, and while women tended to think he was more “cute” than “gorgeous,” he knew he wasn’t a bad-looking man.  Now, having lost most of the muscles he’d maintained simply by carrying his pack, he felt weak and damaged and scarred.
It was, John supposed,
“Hello?”
So much to learn about British botany and gardening.  Thank you Pinterest.  The only walled garden I've ever been to is at the Chicago Botanical Gardens.  And the ones in my imagination.  They don't require gloves or allergy meds.
“Lead on,” said John.
A lump of emotion formed in John’s throat.  He smiled softly and moved in for a kiss, which grew from sweet to heated in a manner of minutes.  “Haven’t brushed my teeth,” he murmured when they broke apart for air.
“Are we still doing innuendo?” Sherlock asked, taking a moment to rub their cocks together, “because if so, I’m rather eager to be plundered.”
Sherlock managed to wrestle away.  He stood, glaring down at John, and tried to stuff his shirt back into his trousers.  His hair was a mess, his cheeks were red, and his eyes were full of hurt and indignation.
“You do it.”
to.  And he was
John had to think for a moment, but then he slowly repeated, “I said it was horribly convenient that a man is killed and no one sees anything out of the ordinary.”
“And you think my having a girlfriend would interfere with my availability?”
Unbeknownst to John, at the bottom of the bag, carefully wrapped in tissue paper, was a small brown bottle full of “completely organic and edible oil”, intended to “penetrate deeply” and be “intensely moisturising” while “providing a thoroughly enjoyable massage experience”.
“You want the light on?”
“She had all the neighbours and the police out looking for me, Sherlock.  The poor woman was terrified.  She thought I’d been kidnapped.”
Roger that.
“That’s exactly my point!” yelled Sherlock.  “He fell and you did NOTHING!  He died and you did NOTHING!”  He took a moment to compose himself, then started in again.  “Except you did, didn’t you?  You threw your boots into the pond.  Leather and rubber take a very, very long time to decompose, Mr. Owens.”
Chapter 4
Sherlock gathered his energy, flipped over and sat up.  He took John’s face in his hands and kissed that nose, very gently.  “I love your nose,” he said pointedly, knowing full well that it was John’s least favourite feature.
Sherlock made a face.  “Ugh. Trivia.  I’d rather stare at the wall.”
“You’ve been snooping around, going through my things…”
“Read the answer.”
“Do you have any cocaine?” asked the man from the floor.
“Likely.  She has great results.”
Neither of them said it, but the question hung between them like the humid summer air:
“Clean, at least.”
“Can you please explain to me why three of our clients just reported a man asked to, and I quote, ‘observe the irritation of the labia majora post-epilation’?”
The day turned out to be exceptionally beautiful, John thought, as he and Sherlock walked around the gardens of the massive estate.  He wondered how many full-time gardeners the place employed to keep the grounds in such pristine condition.  The lawns were wide and brilliantly green, the gardens lush and abundant.  There were even worn paths that took a wanderer through the wooded portions of the grounds, just enough to evoke a true sense of privacy.
“What about his hair?”
“Cocaine helps me think.  Clarifies patterns, speeds up the process.  Everything coalesces, crystallises, tessellates.  And when I want to stop thinking, heroin.  Ice on an inferno.”
loved Murray.  He had, maybe part of him still did, and it had been real and intense.  They’d had sex just once but it had been so...beautifully human...that John’s heart ached just thinking about it.
“I thought of something else.  That thing you did earlier.  May I…?”
“But you fart in front of your wife, yeah?”
John tested it with his foot.  It was actually very pleasant, the water not completely intolerable and the bottom sandy.  Without much thought he waded in and then dived under.
John was genuinely concerned.  The obsession with hair - as strange as it was, that was, well, Sherlock.  His so easily acquiescing to his brother's request was alarming.  “Hey, Sherlock.”  John waited for those unusual eyes to meet his own.  “Are you OK?”
Sometimes I lie on the sofa, thinking, with my hands on my chest, fingers steepled under my nose.  I sometimes only pretend to wash my hands, after.  Then later, I lie on the sofa that way, thinking, after we’ve had sex, after I’ve had my hands on his cock, in his mouth, up his arse.  They have a particular smell afterward.  I think about the compounds that create that heady aroma.  It’s a ripe smell, a very human smell, of sex, semen, sweat, and shit.  Us.  Together.
I can't hold the painful sound that scapes my mouth, it was fear, so much of it, the adrenaline was leaving my body and the panic was taking over, my mind knows how close I was from being taken away. Only the gods know where.
John abandoned the wall of beauty products, sat down in a ridiculously comfortable black leather chair, plucked a brochure from a rack on the table, and began reading, half-listening to the girls’ conversation as they checked in with the receptionist.  A hen night, yes.  Manicures, pedicures, and facials and massages.  Second floor spa.  Champagne and chocolate.  The brunette shot John another look; he smiled and nodded back, and then they, too, were swallowed up behind the curtain.
John's libido returns.  Thank God.
.”  The moment is over; he’s buttoned-up again.  He’s not blushing, but close.
Sherlock shifted a bit, adjusted the pillow under his head and kicked off the sheet.  The curtains fluttered in the breeze.
“I heard you swear earlier,” she confessed, whispering.  “I wondered where you were.  This place is amazing.”  She walked down the gravel path, pausing to look at John’s handiwork.  “You’ve done a good job here.  I think those are hollyhocks.”
“Well, I’m off,” says Nina, picking up her backpack and slinging it over her shoulder.  “I’ll see you on Sunday.”
Sherlock looked impressed with himself, smug as usual.
“Yes, I know.”  His eyes crinkled at the corners, a smirk on his lips belying his earlier feigned innocence.
Unfortunately, his week-long attempt at pornography-based research was less enlightening than he’d hoped.  His first attempt was cut short by Mrs. Hudson needing help with rearranging her furniture, and his second by being called into work.  The third time, when he actually started opening videos and watching them, he was perturbed at the ages of the men -- way too young, in his opinion.  It wasn’t the least bit sexy.  The fourth time he actually considered looking up the production company and asking whether the bottom needed medical attention after the thorough rogering he’d had by a man with a cock the size of a cricket bat.  The fifth, sixth, and seventh times all led him to the same conclusion: most of the men in the videos were freakishly huge, their penises bordering on monstrous.  Their partners, however, seemed to not only come away from the encounters without anal fissures, but they actually seemed to be having a jolly good time being reamed by input that was considerably larger than the normal output.  It was disconcerting.
God, John.
“Yup,” said John, taken aback by her genuine enthusiasm.  He wondered if she got out much, or if Mr. Holmes kept his staff locked away for days at a time.  “That’s me.”
Knowing he is extremely unsettled, and might want to leave as fast as possible, I have to act fast. Wrapping my arms tightly on him, pressing myself even more on him, this allow my uncle to stare at me, hidding a little his blush, not that he'll ever admit having one to someone as Gregory.
The man who delivered the mysterious unlabelled drugs had to be familiar with Willow Cross to have a key and to enter the spa so boldly.
“I should have got rid of these...ow!...stupid...blasted...awful...ow!...thorns!”
The robin took off with a loud chirp, and John quietly slipped out of the garden.
“Hmmm?”
Mr. Chapman frowned, reminiscing.  “Kind.  Busy, always pottering around in that garden of his.  Wore a flower, always, right here.”  He patted his chest.  “Loved youngsters.  Even before he had his own children, I remember that.  Kids just loved him, too.  His wife, she had the brains, always working on something.  Maths, I think.  Sometimes he’d read to the kids down at the library when they were here in the summer.  All the children in town knew him.  Followed him around like the Pied Piper.  Just ask Marjorie.  Her son, Henry, and Ernie Owen’s son, Adam.  Best of friends those two, always tagging after Mr. Holmes.  He really should have been a teacher.  He had the knack.”
why you’re here.  Another addition to my brother’s collection of broken toys: a brilliant brother who can’t stay off the drugs.  A housekeeper who helped operate an American drug cartel.  A washed-up cop with an anger problem.  And now, a doctor with a limp and a tremor in his dominant hand.  Brilliant.”
“That would give people the impression that we’re a couple.”
“We’re not finished,” John said as they started to stroll slowly along the path.  “And we’re not going to, not before the place sells.  It’s just too much work for two people.  But we’ve done enough, I think.”
John must have looked surprised at the outburst, for Sherlock got himself back under control.  He stretched and twisted a bit, obviously uncomfortable from whatever Lillian had put on his back.
Soon, it was Sherlock’s balls that were drawn up tight to his body (that didn’t stop John from touching them, feeling the thin skin tighten, observing the little line of tissue between them).  It was quiet save for Sherlock’s sounds of pleasure - John was aware he was biting his own tongue, pressed between his lips in concentration, just to hear Sherlock, those whimpering moans and occasional grunts when John’s finger hit his prostate just right.
After mentally wrestling with logistics, John decided that the optimum massage delivery position was sitting on the backs of Sherlock’s legs - much more comfortable than trying to lean over him from the side.  Clothes were simply going to have to go, so John removed his, manoeuvred Sherlock into position, climbed on top of him, and then had a moment of reflection.
protecting Sherlock.  He may never hold his hand in public or buy him roses, but he could definitely throw - or take - a punch if he needed to.  John was also aware of how his presence had mellowed Sherlock.  He was still sometimes maddeningly childish and reckless, but his bouts of depression seemed farther apart and less severe than they had when John had first met him, and his arrogance and disregard for others’ feelings, while still there, were held in check a bit better.  John was quite convinced that Sherlock would never be altruistic or be capable of casual relationships, but something about the man had.... John wanted to say “changed,” but Sherlock hadn’t changed.  He’d just matured a bit.
“You’ve...moved in?”  John wracks his brain -- Sherlock hadn’t been gone for any extended period of time lately, nor had any of the regular trappings of 221B gone missing, as far as John could tell.
The atmosphere sours.  “Rosie,” John warns.  There’s a line he will not cross, he can’t.
Granted, he preferred sex with others; he was good at it, for one thing.  He genuinely got off on getting others off; he’d happily lick away at a woman for ages, sustained by the occasional tug on himself and her scent directly under his nose (he could put that Watson nose to good work, too, while he was at it).  He loved to run his hands over his partner’s skin, teasing, or sometimes massaging, making the body loose and pliant before he bent her in half.  He loved the strain of his muscles as he took someone from behind, the flex of his thighs and clenching of his buttocks.  He loved lying on his back, hands roving over thighs and breasts as she rode him.
“Shhh.”  John stilled his body and simply lay on Sherlock for a long while, their arousal still hot and heavy between them, but calmed somewhat, as Sherlock searched for his bearings in an unfamiliar landscape.  He had seemed so confident a few hours ago, but now, lost in emotion, he needed time.
“I wonder if my brother has cleaned out his special reserve,” was his response.
“I prefer solitude.”  He thinks, then adds, “Initially I was trained on the violin.”
For a long time they just sat there, faces tipped to the sunshine.
“He’s composing sad music,” John says.
“And you’re telling me this because…”
“Well, people do bring their own.  You can easily make one with a carbon dioxide canister.  We don’t encourage it.  ”
“As I said, considerate lover.  Either that, or he did it for comfort.  I’m assuming he would wear a g-string while performing.”
“Was it sturdy?”
“Got his lip real good, too.  Who did he insult this time?”
She traces a stain on the table with her index finger.  “I watched them,” she finally says, her eyes downcast.   “The DVDs my mother made.  I watched them.”
Lestrade rolled his eyes.  “Good God.”
John shot him a quizzical look when the waiter retreated.  He opened his mouth to speak but was cut off.
“Now?”
“Thanks.  I think.”
“...I mean, haven’t you studied...hair and all that...before?  How on earth could you have missed that in your obsession with all things dead and dying?    You just saw a hairless corpse and that big brain of yours just went” - John pitched his voice lower and did his best Sherlock impression- “Oh, perhaps I don’t know everything there is to know about genital grooming practices because I really don’t like to look at them, not my area and all, but maybe they really are fascinating if people go to such lengths to...”
“I’m usually back by 4pm.”
“Who shook my father off a ladder and took his buttonhole.”
he told himself.
“Circular.  In need of new data, I’m afraid.  Did you speak to Mr. Chapman?”
“I don’t…” he starts, then has to set his glass down and rub his face a bit, “...think he’s interested in things like that.”  John hopes he isn’t blushing.
Legs, then.  Keeping his eyes closed and focusing on the sensation of soft fur against his skin, Sherlock lightly dragged the muff up one calf, noticing the sensation of the hair on his legs rubbing against the hair of several unfortunate Australian rodents.  Further up, over a thigh, his hip.  Soft, warm.  It was not unlike John’s hair, when he was occupying the space between Sherlock’s legs.  Sherlock let out a soft little sigh, exhaling the breath he didn’t realise he’d been holding.
“That’s awful,” John said at last, swimming back over to the ledge.
“Fucking hell,” said John.
Sherlock blinked.
“Like who?” asked John, opening his notebook.
“No, wait.  I…”  John blushed, a pinkish tinge blooming across his cheeks which were by now sporting a good day’s worth of stubble.  “You.”  He sat up, taking the muff from Sherlock and kissing him softly on the mouth.  “On you.”
you are.”
As far as John could tell, Sherlock had compartmentalized most matters of the heart in favour of those of the brain.  John knew that Sherlock cared for him.  Maybe he just had no clue how to show it, except for random yet perfect gifts or in the strains of late-night composing on his violin.  Those would work; John would take what he could get.  But sometimes it would just be nice for to hear him
After his shower he still felt stiff and sore.  The blue rubber therapy band was tucked away in his wardrobe, but he hadn’t touched it for three weeks and wanted to keep it that way.  Instead, he grabbed his trunks and headed off for a swim.
He dreamed he was back in Winnicott Hall’s formal gardens, except the manicured topiaries had all grown wild.  Impossibly large asiatic lilies lined the walks, perfuming the air, their petals open, pistils and stamens protruding from deep, pink centres; tall purple iris stood guard proudly around lush rose bushes.  Up ahead, the fountain beckoned.
“Reverse psychology is not going to work, John,” grumbled Sherlock at the same time his stomach protested its lack of sustenance -- loudly.  “Traitor,” he said to it, lifting his head off the pillow.
(See the end of the chapter for
you.  I want our bones to fuse together.  I want...”
“Ah ha!  But you
“What?”
“No.  She’s proud.  I would be highly surprised if she were performing medically unsound acupuncture.”
Sherlock was divesting himself of his shirt.  John had watched Sherlock undress more this weekend than he ever had in several years of living with the man.  It would never get old, he decided.  Sherlock paused now, and looked up.  “John?”
In the bathroom, John pees, strips, and stands under the water for a few moments, letting it wash the day away.  The shower head is at the wrong angle --  tilted up for the giraffe he lives with -- so he reaches up blindly and adjusts it.  Rolls his shoulders, tips his neck one way, then the other.  Soaps himself up, armpits, arse, balls.  Rinses, washes his hair.  The suds slide down his body.  He runs his hands down his torso, over his prick.  Nothing’s happening.  He sighs.  Maybe he’ll have to have that drink after all.  He wipes water from his eyes, blinks them back open.  He turns and is about to turn off the shower when he sees it.
It had been beautiful then, and it was still beautiful now several months into their life as lovers: Sherlock in his lap, poised above him, the cleft of his arse wet and inviting.  Above him, Sherlock shivered and wiggled his hips.  John took the hint, lined himself up, and gently guided Sherlock down.
“John, it’s not like she’s harvesting organs.  And acupuncture is supposedly painless.   The needles are so fine, one should barely feel them pierce the skin.  I can handle it.  Relax.”  They both looked at each other, looked around at their weekend retreat, and smiled.
“Yes,” breathed John.  “Oh, fuck yes.”
“Oh, that’s easy enough.  Black boots.  Dr. Martens.  They were always by the back door.”
John sighed.  “You know, for a while, I was so angry I was just in a rage all the time.  I mean, really fucking pissed off.  I’m a doctor.  I fix things...surely I should be able to move on a bit now.”
John was so tired, God he was so tired. But even when his body clamoured for sleep, something about Sherlock’s voice sent shivers down his spine and heat into his groin.
“I’ll show you how.”
Sherlock pouted.  “A particularly small porpoise.  You can’t even touch the bottom here, can you?”
I don't look to my colleagues while wait for him. Part of me don't know if following him to the corridor is a good idea. He could be a killer, some psicotic criminal hired against uncle Myke, but I don't let that thought go, I couldn't let the paranoia take control.
An warm and sweet felling was growing in my chest, maybe all the fun on the situation, maybe the safety of being myself.
I face the floor, hating myself, the bile coming up in my throat. I wish uncle Myke come pick me up, I want to go home, have dinner with him, discuss the fact that we need better food, and in the end ask something on the phone. He would simply ignore me and ask chinese food or something like that... I wanted to go home.
My eyes run back to the coat. The woman with cats wasn't a girlfriend, was it? It was a lover! In his big fingers I remember to have seeing a wedding ring. I put my head between my hands. A wedding ring with details on red, just like the one on Miss... Just like the one on my teacher's hand! I raise my head staring in surprise to the wall. The teacher who suspect on her husband! A dark haired teacher. He was really having an affair. I don't even knew details about and I confirmed it! Oh sweet Lord, he had a very good reason to hate me.
- You are all going to be friends, I'm sure - the pulls on of the chairs and sits besides me, and the kids follow him - How about knowing each other better? James, why don't you tell a little about yourself?
I stand up to obey, noticing how short he is, way taller than me, of course, I was a tinny kid, but he was smaller than average, what made him more adorable, at least for me, who was used to giants. Uncle Myke was a titan himself.
— Yes... — uncle Mycroft turns to me, observing my face carefully — She's already a big lady... May we talk about her historic in your office?
Sorry for the delay. Please enjoy.
— She's a brave brat — he says, shaking his head with an impressed smile trying to hold a dialogue. Mycroft retains his roll eyes, part of himself hates small talk, but the government officer holds the unpleasant commentary. Although Lestrade may not be talented at words, he was at least trying.
The soldier has saw that on his face when the man pic up the phone on the day she was in danger. Knowing Sherlock for so long, he could almost seeing the pieces of a terrible and scary situation being put together in the brilliant mind. And that, as John recognises on his face, brutally unsettled him.
― You, brat, are going to be expelled for this... Saying those horrible things to your teacher... those... Lies...
I can only assume they did it, because the next part is just data, a few numbers and the year it got ready. 1914. It seemed to be a super building already at the time, only military, rich and important could study there, save from the war. Both wars for what I could understand, the Cold War, every conflict since, the place was improved over the years to contain more weapons, more trained people and security systems. It was a fortress.
— And why you stepped away, Ian? — my voice sound low and it made more difficult to breathe underneath it.
He obeys, putting his gun in the holster, still surprised at the sight of the man on the ground. The umbrella, which had obviously been used to beat the owner, opens on the sword. Mycroft listens to some swearing it's a "but of course!" And the inspector cuts the ropes, helping him to sit on the floor.
— It was already made — his sarcastic voice sounds in his chest in a way I can feel it in my back — But not by me... Two shots on the head.
— Ian said you put him as my new bodyguard — she makes him rise his eyes, putting some play in the green. Who was Ian? Gregory wonder why the stranger was being treated with so intimacy — You should take him as yours, as we can see.
— Sherlock Holmes could never hate you, Louise, be adores you, the years didn't chance that and nor your mother's death. Sherlock Holmes how killed your mother — he turn his eyes to the table, for the first time taking them from me, full of some kind of guilt — I know I wasn't there, and I should have been, but I know Sherlock, I know he spent all he could of himself searching for you father — his eyes come back to me — If Sherlock and Mycroft Holmes could their would've kill him, don't doubt that, and is not just for your mother, I know you spend a year without talking after what he done. If Sherlock stepped away, it wasn't because he hates you, dear.
Focousing on the small space between the gate and the car, Louise hears a gun shot, terrible words and more people behind her, but her legs don't stop, the blood going fast against her ears and hands, heart putting up all his effort, but the mind was calm, all she could see was outside, the building on the other side of the street, and the people, now panicking, but still showing the child hope of scaping. Her shoulder goes against the the metal at some point, but the adrenaline doesn't allow the pain to reach her. A hand grabs the uniform coat while more shots make her lungs vibrate, but the hand quickly let go. Louise doesn't allow herself to think about why, she just keep running, without knowing were.
— Uncle Sherlock is impatient... — she smiles, while walking down the stairs, John can't avoid the thought of a little fairy slipping through his fingers.
The minutes pass, I think about putting his medicines right in front of him in the table, maybe there still hope for him to notice it and he might survive more that ten mounths, but I guess that fits in "touching" things. I force myself to stay still and be patient, that part was the hardest, be patient wasn't a virtue in my family, uncle Myke for example barely manage to hear my principals on parenting reunions. Perks of adopting a kid, in my opinion...
His hand start to turn a little blue while his watch squeeze the skin, his blood pressure is too high. Maybe he's dying. The idea terrifies me. I swallow hard, my uncle would kill me if I witness another death.
Louise had a tense expression, the delicate eyebrows putted together, he wishes to show her how not scary is Sherlock, how her uncle is a sweet man. A flash of the adorable smile and the light blush of the pale cheeks of his flagmate comes to him bringing a shadow of a smile, a sweet man.
— You haven't talked a lot about yourself today — while we walk slowly through the corridor, I realize her hands are shaking and I have to resist the will to hold it. Maybe she was like me, maybe she was looking for the right thing to say... I wonder if I should go straight to the subject, telling her she could relax with me, or if I should let her know with my behaviour. With my shyness and lack of confidence, I decided for the second opinion — Ian thought about your mother earlier... How she is?
— Are you going to take me home, or do you just want to steal my makeshift cane so I have to obey you? — although bent over by the pain and all the blood, Mycroft tries to appear haughty enough to frighten him. The truth is that Lestrade finds it kind of adorable, he could just pretend to listen the grumpy taller man and hold him, calming the raced breathing down — And I do not need you holding me to my feet.
— Oh my Lord — he grabs my shoulder pulling me closer, forcing me to walk along with him again — Don't call me sir! I love the army, but good Lord no...
I have the disgusting sensation that I have been given a price, like an product of some kind, and my uncle wouldn't answer his phone! The desperate parts of me start repeating that I don't have anyone else. Only one person, but it was against the rules, I shouldn't even have his phone number to be sincere.
— I'm so sorry for everything, uncle Sherlock, sorry for taking you sister out of you hands, for give you so many bad memories — the detective can't move, he just keep his eyes on the small face — And now I'm bothering you again, I'm sorry for everything, I know I can't undo that. But please, Sherlock — she rise her eyes to Mycroft, the green deep eyes — do it for him. He is so stressed, I know is my fault too — she turn back to the youngest Holmes — Look at him, he cares so much, do this for him, I hate to see him like this. I think he even lost weight in the last weeks, I don't want him to stop eating again. He deserves to be ok. Please.
- Miss Holmes? - the teacher calls me while puts his papers on a side purse. How that man could be in that place? He was the last military man I've already knew - Come with me, hum?
― Fuck it ― I push the chair against the door, even knowing that my principal could easily break it open and I grab the phone on the table, diling fast. In the third tone a very gentle and unknown voice answer it.
The government officer forced his eyes to stay open and start to observing the policeman. The undone beard has more grey hair than black, the hair follows the line, messy. Before he could stop himself, the shaky hand goes up to the sparky skin, delicate fingers making Lestrade's heart sink.
My uncle's eyes fall on Lestrade's, both man reading each other. I can't tell how Gregory fells about that eye contact, but I know my uncle enough to say he is going to blush is it continues. His body position shifted slightly, a little bothered, hands going from my face to my shoulders and, to prepare the hole situation, his eyes fall to what I imagine to be Gregory's lips. A bright red pulsation goes from his neck to his face extremely quickly.
The before hidden pain in his eyes came to the surface in a strike, and he didn't bare to focous anymore, looking through the window, chancing cars with the dark and now lifeless eyes.
― Oh, he knows that, but he'll be angry with the idea that someone almost took me from him ― John opens a sweet smile, as if the idea of a caring Mycroft was curious ― And than he'll be angry with me because I called Sherlock. Angry plus angry and I'm to blame.
― I heard my principal talking on the telephone about someone coming to pick me up for money. Please, uncle Sherlock ― that words feel like glass in my throat, cutting me open —, uncle Mycroft will not answer his phone today!
— Fuck you — the small voice comes from down — And to hell.
His body was no different, the expensive T-shirt was torn, already without a sleeve, half of the buttons had to be scattered around, blood staining the white. His wrists were bleeding from the tightness of the ropes (ropes cut with the a fucking sword-umbrella). The exposed chest in some places was full of red marks. The government official had been through a few bites.
His hand grabs mine, holding with more straight then usual and start pulling me to the door. After years living with him I know that means how stressed and worried he is, worried with me. My chest flood of guilt.
— I am the very last person Ian might want to take care of — he bounds to put their eyes on the same level — As I believe you already know. When did he told you?
John observes the wide park, the blood can still be seen closet by, the moviment is still small, people were avoiding the place. He can't even imagine how scary it was for Louise to go through a chace like that all alone. His eyes turn to the tall and very pale man jumping around the place, going up and down looking for god knows what, .
— Theres Holmes — she takes back the cup, holding it with both hands, eyes hold on the liquid inside — I believe you will ask my age at the time too. It was seven.
— I'm coming to get you, little one — I can feel the tension on his voice before he turns up.
He is standing on my door, staring at me from above, angry. My hands shake while I put the pen down, without taking my eyes out of him. Maybe is fear, or if I'm just nervous, the fact is my legs don't obey me to stand.
— Sure — I heard my on voice answering — I'll came after school — he relax on the couch, smiling. I realise in a role two things: that I trust him, and that, trusting that stranger, I'm ignoring everything my uncle Myke ever told me — Doctor, you were from the army, right? Here in London?
The boy was very skinny and tall, with a dark hair and eyes, vey asian like, but some European traces. His hands were put on the shoulders of the two girls in front of him. They were twin's with a very beautiful curly and high, with freckles on the dark skin and light-green eyes, as skinny as they're friend, but way shorter. The other two girls were so alike that they could be sisters too, same hair, same role of glasses, same height, even the same way of standing. Part of me sounded the "enemy attack" signal, they fitted my pattern of cruel and rich girls.
— I'm going to bed, uncle Myke — Louise stands, taking her plate off the table. Mycroft follows her with the green eyes — Are you going to be fine? I can stay here. Can I stay on you bed tonight? Or I'm going to hurt if I do?
- My grandfather occupy a silly place of no importance on a noble household - she speaks fast and I realize how she does look at me in the eyes while speaking, her hands shaking on anxiety - I want to be an engineer, studying in Spain - she rise her profundly dark eyes to me and smile. Strangely I feel my lips following her, I'm certain she should smile more, it's beautiful - Did you know that some seaweed produces electricity? If I can understand their composition and how they do it, we can have clean and unlimited energy - her excitement make my smile wider, and I realize her hands aren't shaking anymore.
— Well, at least explain why you two are so alike — He finishes his tea and puts it on the coffee table, maybe some cookies were a good idea.
— I like living here, you know? With you — I kiss his front head and hug his neck. His muscles relax slightly, his surprise getting evident — Don't ever leave me, uncle Myke... Let's ask pizza! It's different!
John want to laugh about the "uncle Myke", but maybe she was only be angry ate him. Maybe never come back, the soldier wonders if she was the only one who needed company, he was, oddly enough, feeling very attached to her in less than half hour conversation.
— Sabrina worries me sometimes, I would be very thankful if you keep a distance from her, Kay? — I look up to Ian's face and there is no trace of worry there, confusion maybe, some kind of internal arguing, his pretty eyes flood in a sweet sadness — But wherever. Let's go.
— It's a good idea — his voice is low under the sound of water falling. A little smile comes to me when the image of him coming to pick me up at school again forms on my head, it was beautiful, even if he wouldn't talk with Ian again and let me without leads to track —  I could change my schedule for this week, and we would have lunch together every day until the beginning of you chemistry classes.
— How about a different fun, ginger... I'll make you choose — he touches his own body, hand going up and down on his stomach — Where do you prefer to receive me? — the ginger man flinches, placing his forehead on the floor — Oh, come on! Suck me or having me up on your, looking from here, cute ass.
- Our mother occupy an unimportant role on the Prime Minister's security - they speak in unison, the voice are like little bells ringing with laughter. They look like two fairies, and I like them immediately - We don't play and musicals instruments.
— Take my umbrella and pull the handle — he orders, Trying to sound calm, his breathing thumping against his throat, shutting his eyes firmly — and cut this ropes.
Sherlock's presence in the room was heavy, oppressing me, thank Lord ignoring me too. I'm afraid of what he could say, I know he wants to get rid of me, but I don't what to hear him talk something like that. I observe his profile, the tin nose and the cheekbones. He was just like my mother in so many ways, even the curly hair, my hand touch my short hair, it was less curly, less black, but still had some resemble. I wonder how we could have been.
― Dr. Watson! ― I take my phone out of his hands ― He's going to be worried. Why would you do this?
― I was not lying! Her husband is cheating on her! She already knew, somehow, I just agree that it is totally possible! ― I bend over the desk, he was not question my deductions. He couldn't even realize that he had last than a year to live. I relax on the chair and my eyes get wide... Ok, were the bloody hell did this came from?
After obligating me to put too much food in my plate, Ian set with me in a table closed to a window, allowing us to see the cars coming and going. But I don't look through the window, every move Ian does fascinate me. He knew my mom, enough to see in her a confident, to talk about love and pain.
When he's gone and I'm alone a strange sensation that I lost something takes over me for a instant. I decide to ignore it, uncle Myke sometimes says that my brain work faster than me, and that was just fine, later I would find out what it was.
— I never thought it was going to happen something like that — the deep voice is almost disappearing — I had to... He made me... — the other hand goes up to the hurt lips, fingertips touching all it draw — Gregory, how will I face Louise? How can I explain her this?
As his personal bodyguard and the one leading the failed missing to get the girl, Moran thought, for a second, the next shot was on his chest, and, before dying, the consulting criminal were rip a lot of little pieces of his body. There was no other reason for James to call him on his personal apartment when he was going to kill those man, the logic was to Sebastian to be killed too. But, as always, not following the logic, the younger man, with the bright dark eyes, just turned to him, almost friendly smiling and asked, calmly:
— Uncle Sherlock isn't thinking about me... — I touch the iron of the cello, Sherlock's pale face covered of blood showing in front of my eyes — I'm only a bad memory.
- And me in krav maga - complete the left one, smiling, and it raises the head, jokeful.
Sherlock would never admit, but the sight of his niece took him to a bloody house and a devastating pain, she was the exact copy of the picture of an old place of his childhood, running with Theres, she was his long side pirate. Now she was gone, and he could bare to look at his goddaughter, how could he?
— Yes! How is going to be like? With Ian and all — I ask on a low voice, because I'm too shy, I guess, or maybe because that way Alicia is the only one to hear me, and the only to answer it.
I stare at him, deducing more out of his eyes about their relationship than he was admitting. I wonder how hurt his was, but don't ask, I don't dare say anything, wondering now, maybe I actually couldn't. He was a handsome man, and, surely, deserved so much more, in fact, it was an almost sin, to see him so sad and hurt.
Mycroft feels the hard hold in his hand and, surprisingly, it calms him down, making the painful tears more comfortable. The car stops, his mansion looked unnecessarily big through the window. They were a family of two, why he wanted a gigantic thing like that?
The hurt blue eyes break John's heart, vulnerable, Sherlock avoid his stare, focous on the blood stain, taking himself back to a painful place. His chest goes up and down, not because of the effort from before, the soldier could almost tell how raced his friend heart was. The tin body contracts, shrinking visibility.
The file about the school is merely technical, describing the wood used on the floor, the kind of grass used on the field, and lots of numbers, relative to class rooms and tables. It was terribly boring to say the least, but I keep read, maybe some useful information could be taken from all that counting and naming.
It was wrong, yes. Dangerous, sure. I could end up kill or killing someone, definitely. But the only reason that plan come up was the fact I could answer some questions by myself. For example: how could that kid on the school know so much about my uncle? And who Ian was? Why he had so much effect on my uncle?
— Doctor Strauss is taking too long I will... — before she can even stand there's a knock on the front door — It must be her.
— Because your uncle Mycroft kidnapped him when I start working with the police — Sherlock jumps on his foot in an urge, obviously annoyed and John notice how she back off, shaking more, trying to hide some fear. Both older man catch the moviment and both wonder why she would fear her uncle — John, I want talk with you in private. Kitchen. Now.
— I'm sorry, uncle Myke.
For Mycroft's surprise, Gregory sits beside him, taking a shy deep breath. The green eyes stay in him, curious, surprise. He would really stay, just because the government officer wasn't with his neutral expression, like he actually cares. Shaking his head, the ginger takes another full glass of wine.
— Uncle Mycroft — I complete and make my smile larger, agreeing, he wasn't the first who said that. In the government parties, the people who wanted something from my uncle used to say I would be a great politician, they laugh about it, wondering if I would take my uncle's position — Well, yes, but I'm more a person of action, and I wish to work on something I could see how I help people. Uncle Myke save many lives, but he doesn't know the names, faces, I want see, feel, save people, not numbers.
.  And no.”
His phone pings, snapping him out of it.
She disappeared.
John shakes his head, takes a deep breath, and looks up.  The moment passes.  “So,” he says, nodding toward the door.  “Those were your parents?”
“And then I’d leave around 4pm.”
“It seems that Henry Gant and Adam Owens sometimes helped my father and the groundskeepers with outside tasks and odd jobs during the spring and at the end of the summer once Mycroft was born in 1969,” he said as they made their way upstairs at the end of the day.  John still kept all of his things in his room downstairs, but Sherlock seemed to find comfort in John’s presence and managed to sleep, even if for a short while, if John were in his bed.  “The arrangement lasted a few years, until Mycroft was old enough to not need constant supervision.”
“You’re not... searching for advice, are you?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “Fine.  I’m still going through your things.”
So Sherlock Holmes had an enormous cock.  John would just have to learn to take it.
Too expensive, too far away, too bloody depressing.
“He’s not completely incompetent.  Bit of an anger problem.  Drinks too much when he’s stressed.  And he didn’t take an early retirement.  He was fired.”
Just then, a nervous-looking woman entered the reception area.  John could tell from one glance that she wasn’t well.  She looked twitchy, and a faint sheen of sweat covered her brow.  Instead of greeting the receptionist, the woman came directly to Lillian, who was on her way back to the VIP area.
Dinner was nice, actually.  They ate at the Midnight Bell, where he splurged and ordered a steak pie and a lager.  Beat the hell out of the frozen microwave dinners he’d been forcing himself to eat at Harry’s.  He tried not to devour his meal in seconds as Mike told him all about his wife.  They hadn’t had children, but had done some Medecins sans Frontieres work in Africa.  John was surprised how easily they fell into conversation.  If he were honest with himself, perhaps he was afraid that he’d forgotten how, that the man who joked with his buddies had been left behind (no, not ‘left behind’, horrible euphemism.  Dead, they were all dead) in Helmand.
“Indeed.  The spa has a exclusive VIP package which they unimaginatively call ‘The Fountain of Youth.’  According to the website, it’s a ‘four hour experience of well-being’ that involves a bath, exfoliation, and massage.”
“It doesn’t have a garden,” he’d said sadly, “but it’s just a short walk to Regent’s Park.”  He told John everything about the house in a manner he usually reserved for discussing particularly interesting crimes, and John could tell he was taken with it.  John assured him to buy whatever he wanted, that it was his money and he could do with it as he pleased.  John also insisted he pay rent, to which Sherlock took serious offense.  They had a row about it which ended in Sherlock’s accepting John’s desire to continue practicing medicine and having his own financial autonomy, as long as John would at least attempt to consider the place theirs.  (“I should hope I am more than just your flatmate,” Sherlock had said, hurt.  “Damn right you are,” John had replied, and kissed the hurt away.)
I decide not test my theory and observe the cars on my window. He was going to spend the hole day without talking to me, only by orders and short frases, as I was some is his workers, and, when more calm, he would come for a talk. Probably about uncle Sherlock, about changing school, increasing my security. I let a sight go, life was going to be harder now on. But I could see John either way, I was a guess in there, for tea and talk, and uncle Sherly couldn't say no, neither could uncle Myke. Well... He could, by only if my securities could stop me, and I was too good sneaking out for that.
— Oh, yes, everyone knows who he is — her rise of eyebrows seems to take away my questions leaving me with a new urge of touching her — I believe I've even already meet him...
— I left school, after an extra class, and my bodyguards where not there. So, as my uncle teach me, I started walking to a bus stop close by, because staying waiting is more dangerous than walking among a crowd.
Hope you enjoy
Mycroft doesn't answer, he just wanted to get home, faster as possible, he is unable to gather the straight to talk. Minute by minute, his forces leave the hurt body, pain increasing. His mind was focous in the pain, every part of his body pulsating with his heart. The weakness come with the shivers, teeth knocking, the cold sensation. Maybe he could pass away, but all that humiliation would kill him.
I shake my head, that sounded to crazy and illogical, but kind of funny. Worshipers of the fire... I can't stop my smile. Where did he took that? It just sounded so weird that even him stayed in silence for a few seconds.
— Yes, sir, uncle.
Then, finding no words that would not embarrass him in front of someone so intelligent, he did what Mycroft did not expect. Gregory hugged him. The government officer was taller and hard to wrap around, but the inspector made an effort. If anyone had asked, not, he had not tiptoed, but Mycroft noticed that he did, and he also noticed the strong smell of coffee that the inspector exuded, and how his heart was calm within his chest, slowly accelerating. And he liked to notice these little things. Hours later the redheaded realised no fear came from that hug.
I swollow hard, who ever it was, the man was following Me for long now. I wonder if I tell this to Lestrade or my uncle, they would be so worried... I fight internely, trying to understand, all of that shit basically.
Impressively, the inspector stand up taking me with him, my feet leave the floor while he is holding me tight in his leap, walking. Normally it would make me panic horribly, the sensation of not having control over myself going through me, but his contact just helps to calm down my heart.
— Very nice to meet you, sir. I just live with my uncle Mycroft, detective inspector, I'm not his daughter— the idea amuse her, John can see, the sweet smile of someone who could almost see a different life with that little detail changed — How do you know my uncle?
— Little one... — he puts the finger on my my cheek — Look at me.
— Very exigent — he turns to me, his eyes make me uncomfortable, something about militaries unwell me — We are very exigent too, Louise, just like your uncle. You have to show some effort and be one of the best if you don't want to receive an special attention from me — that words would hardly sound unharmful, but in his voice sounded even worst. What was his kind of special attention? I hold my impulse to search the answer in uncle's eyes, normally they say exactly what I need to hear, but I choose not to move — But, if you want an good kind of attention, advantages... You will be one of our best. Have you ever thought about the military carrier?
― I know what are your rules ― he does look at me, but his tone makes my hands shake more ― I help in their creation. ― I didn't knew that, and it only makes me feel worst for some reason ― But it was also a rule not to get in touch with me ― he stare at me from the corner of his eyes, making me feel expose ― Now, because of this, you will break another rule.
Mycroft feels the disgust in his throat, eyes firmly shut and fear hitting his ribs. He gives up on fighting, trying to relax his body while the man put his hands on the black belt. There is nothing he can do to stop it.
— Interpol — I smile, showing my teeth, uncle Mycroft hated to hear that, moaning about law or business — I want the be a psychologist, study human behaviour, find missing people, help.
The strong kick in the face throws him back on the ground, disorientating again, his head hits hard against the concrete and the world around revolves around. He can barely breathe with his chest pressed to the floor, and his hands tied behind his back, a tearing pain from the previous wounds, making him gasp with each inhale, his injured face scraping on the floor causing more explosions of pain. He narrows his eyes, concentrating on ignoring it.
My hands shake a little, while I read, it was scary to say the least. A school full of rich and powerful trying to survive if danger comes. My mind run through this: but if I want to die with normal people? Maybe is worthy die with them.
Lestrade feels the urge grow inside, the anxiety. Anthea, the officer's assistent, puts a unnecessarily long sequence of codes on the station computer. She is shaking even more than Sherlock, pretty expression full of fear, in his later meetings with the girl, Lestrade could see how strong she was, yet the was terrified with the idea of losing her boss.
— You are very pale, young lady — his long finger goes through the line of my nose — You need to feed, forgetting about it is not a option — I let my eyes down, couldn't stare at him — I know taking care of yourself isn't easy, but is important, you are important, Louise, you deserve a good treatment.
I speak for about five minutes, trying to give all the details without boring them. As the story goes I see both minds working together, each one on a specific area, both very worried. It bothers me the fact that they are occupying they're mind with me, but I like the idea of both of them working together, even if just for some moments.
After I'm done the silence takes over the place. Silence bothers me and I know is a problem for my uncle too, so I force myself to think fast, or he was going to stand up and we were going home.
The park is surrounded by policemans and cars, the bodies of the men who chased me are being taken away. My original plan is to sneak inside, and leave as fast as possible, find my bodyguards gods know how, but I catch the view of a grey haired man with his back turn to me and I'm unable to stop myself. With the fastest step my shaky legs can give me, I wrap myself into his heist.
I want to say I'm not like him, who was called to college 5 years early, I'm not smart enough, neither had an perfect historic record. But I just smile shortly and take my backpack. I don't feel ready for this.
— Anthea, What did you find? — he finally manage to light the cigarette, hard rock expression.
Greg watches the man's normally cold eyes get out of focus and tear up. Maybe it was officially too much for his mental health, broken enough to cry. The inspector never imagined Mycroft Holmes crying. The government official stands and turns to the sink, leaning on it, with his back to Greg, hiding his tears.
― Oh, he is going to answer me ― he dials fast in his desk phone, the lage fingers remind me of big sausages, but I know that's a thing not just because of his weight, that was a reflection of his heart. A very trouble one. I take my eyes out of it, that wasn't the best of moments to play deduction.
— Mycroft — I hear Ian's voice, feeling some provocation in it, but I do not turn to him, just raise my head to Uncle Myke, his face is pale and looks surprised. I can even see the beginning of a short ginger beard of his cheeks — Long time, no see — they shake hands, my uncle is speechless situations like these are rare, and here was my strange teacher making him silent — I teach chemistry to Louise, she's a very impressive child — I turn to the teacher and he is smiling, but sad, dark and still mysterious eyes, a series of theories cross my mind — She looks a lot like her mother, you know? And with Sherlock.
The door shakes more, making an very weird noise, my heart skip a hit and his voice gets more angry and senseless. All that because of money, or to save the marriage he was destroying himself. But that doesn't made any sense, he was actually desperate. Why? Why so desperate to get in? The man in the phone was getting the door open anyway if uncle Sherlock didn't came sooner. Than why? Angry? He wanted to hit me? It doesn't make sense! All that... Panic.
— Have you already asked this to your uncle Myke? — The nickname strikes me, putting me straight in the chair — It was how Theres called him, I used to rather Croft, but wherever. Have you asked him?
— He... — I can't follow his words, "Croft"? — He didn't let me ask anything. I tried to research, but there is nothing about you. Who are you?
It was painful, extremely. He could remember the shocked boy from many years ago, covered in blood of his boss, extremely skinny, he was days without proper food, finding himself fat. He remembers the will of hugging the grumpy young man, of who he holdded the cold hand while driving to the hospital and Mycroft pretended to dislike the attitude.
— How about you start licking me? — he touches Mycroft's lower lip, he fears that it is because he is trembling slightly, if he convinces himself that it is only the urge to vomit, not the disgusting feeling on his mind. — Clean what you left on me ...—  he grabs the others chin, a victorious smile that adds to his sickness pleasure. — All that filth of your... You're disgusting, Mycroft Holmes, you enjoyed this so much... Now... Lick.
The last straw was when she said something about how humiliating it would be for James's parents to have a journalist in the family. The boy withered immediately, I realize that she touched a delicate spot for him, with the only intention of being cruel. The twins react almost aggressively, but quickly control themselves and I realize that each one holds an exposed skin part of James, but I just ignore my deductions about that.
— Oh, you play? ― he bound in my direction. I feel that his bigger interesting it's to attract Sherlock's attention, maybe he was the type who believes himself capable of fixing the world — And are you good at it?
Sherlock stands up, taking it seriously now. Mycroft find it amusing to see how his shoulders stay tense and his face falls in serious concentration, deducing, wondering, just like the boy who would call the police 15 time a day to tell them he solved a case and they were idiots. Maybe, just like when they were children, he could help his brain to work faster.
— Uncle Mycroft? — she let herself be seeing, trying hard to ignore Sherlock's rejection — Are we leaving?
― Three years now ― he looks to the door, permitting me to observe his profile, he was a handsome man, his expression of confusion it's really cute ― He never said anything about having a niece, a sister. Why?
- We are still deciding - they smile shortly to me, with I reflect, a little unsettled.
— Dear uncle, having food it's parts of baking something — I put myself on his side, looking up to his face.
On top of Uncle Sherlock's building, I see a man in a black cap holding a sniper gun very calmly. His face is hidden, a shiver goes down my spine, this feeling of being extremely valuable takes me, if he wanted, I would be dead in a moment. I stare at the gun knowing some how his eyes were on me.
And hey! I'm writing some Mystrade shorts on "The umbrella and the shotgun" you might like
— The tea is ready — John holds her shoulder and gently pull her inside. The conversation in the room stopped, Sherlock's head is low, silent, hands together and fingers on the mouth, the blue eyes focus on a fixed point on the floor, perhaps thinking, but Gregory Lestrade was not looking expectant, he wasn't waiting for a deduction, the inspector looked surprised — Greg, this is Louise, she is Sherlock's niece.
— I don't really know. When momma died, uncle Sherlock didn't wanted to see me again, and we only saw each other again last week, because I needed him — his eyebrows are joined hardly — He hates me, Ian, he knows is my fault mama died.
— It's ok, little one — me pulls me to him, pressing my face on his chest — You did exactly as I said, you did everything right, it wasn't you fault. And you are fine, is not going to happen again.
We follow the man inside, I resist the impulse to hold my uncle's hand, and just focus on behaving. The corridors were old, with dead plants all over the place and with boring paintings on the walls. The floor was wooden and cracky in a weird shade of red, I could almost imagine people being murder in that red, their blood would disappear into de wood...
- Yes, Ian - he turns the dark eyes to me and smile - I'm very pleased to meet you, Louise - My father is a minor worker in a middling British bank - he opens a sweet smile and let his head fall a little to the side, as if asking if I understood. I let the corner of my mouth rise handling my head, confirming - I've always studied here, and some day I'm going to be a great journalist.
— Sally, bring her backpack — I hear him talking to someone —, yes, is her. Yes, she looks just like Sherlock.  Just hurry up and bring it, and come with me, we will take her to the station.
The mansion's door open in a loud noise, and at least half of Mycroft's pain fades in the sight of his girl. Louise didn't even took the school clothes of, blue eyes extremely worried, a little bit red. What kind of uncle was he? She was crying.
His phone rings, he lets the sound of sweet dreams call him down a little before answering.
But, when she opens her mouth, it's not towards John, the blue eyes are stuck on her pale uncle. The two of them stare at each other for a few seconds. John and Mycroft are still, observing, both can see how much pain there is on that stare.
— Sure. How, boss?
John feels bad for her confusion, and leans forward, touching her arm, pulling her out of her own mind, bringing the blue bright eyes to his. That had the power of locking him up and part of his mind wonder if he holds her too, Sherlock's blues  was catch on, always to his friend's attention. She could be family too, if she were closer to Sherlock. John would make her family.
When she talks about making us tea, John start guiding me upstairs, the violin was silent, and my hands shake again, fearing what I would find up there. The flat was small and not as dark as the first floor, dusty, but brighter. And it was a pure mess. Papers and books were everywhere, even on the old sofa. The shelf, with more books and dust where full organize in no particular order. The only part of the room that show some sense was two couches in the middle, turn to each other, if I was younger I would imagine the two of them talking, talking about how dusty they were.
Ian was like me, and he knew my family, he used to trust my mother. But...
The hurt man doesn't make a sound, he couldn't even imagine this kind of torture. So many years without having a man, just girls, normally for one night, while Alicia Smallwood took care of Lou, now he was going to have that crazy boy... Sherlock was taking so long. His mind flies to Theres, how she called him that day, before being bushed for William, how he stayed alone with a covered in blood Louise for the time he wanted. All because of Mycroft.
— Louise? — my eyes rise and i manage to focous on his worried expression. His dark eyes still hold that deep sadness, among all the other feelings — What's wrong?
Now he needed a new technique to keep me actually studying without killing someone else. Unfortunately, the solution was a military school and it's bloody uniform. It makes sense I guess, he was closed to the higher levels of the British army, and practically controls the tactic institution, I would be save and people would knew that treat me wrong was the same as treat the Mycroft Holmes wrong.
Louise can feel her own heart against the ribs, the was the same man who tried to take her from school, the scars, the incredibly light green eyes, the almost white hair and the several weapons spread over his body. Deducing fast she knows he is from the army, he is a great shooter, incredible fighter, and wasn't exactly a good man.
John turn his attention to the street, trying to give Sherlock privacy. On the other side of the almost empty Street, there is a man, very blonde with a guitar case on his back. They stare at eachother for a few seconds, John barely notice Sherlock's tone getting tense for some reason. Then the man salute, smile making the full of scars face get even scary.
Gregory obeyed, only to argue with the man to explain that it was madness, but he did not stand a chance, Holmes just opens the door and walks away, leaning on his umbrella as if it were a cane, slowly toward his mansion. If Lestrade remembers well, this one is on the other side of town. The detective inspector watches him for a moment. He was a strong bastard, smirking, he jumps out of the car.
I smile, playing the iron, felling the vibration in my chest. The notes of that day were forever printed to my mind, weirdly in the cello their sounded sad, but that was ok, it reflected my mood.
— Yes. Every Wednesday — I try to let my voice as sweet as possible, but my hands shake, she is about to say something, very unpleasant taking for her expression, and even making my best straight face, the true was it was going to be thought to hear.
— Ok — she hugs him delicately, kissing his cheek, their shameless on love demonstrations confuses Gregory, Mycroft seems the man who would never allow that — Good night, uncle Mycroft — the blue eyes come to Gregory and she take some steps to hug him. The kid was skinny and small, but held him tightly — Good night, inspector Lestrade, thank you so much for bringing him back home.
— And you always obey uncle Myke? — his head falls in his shoulder, once again making the reptile like move — Let's play a game, miss Holmes — he has a kind yet sad smile, observing my face — You can ask me a question, and, if I'm able to answer it, I truly will. But you have to answer me a little too. Kay? — I accept, sitting straight on the chair, his smile getting larger — Ask and eat, shortty.
— I'm sorry, guys, I had to visit a friend — I follow them, realising they're both very tense and alert, but, strangely, not angry, almost relived on seeing me — Are you guys okay? Is something wrong?
— Good afternoon, mister who I don't know — a short and very skinny woman passes through Gregory without even bothering about the gun and walks towards the kitchen — Oh, Mycroft.
— I thought I was going to lose you, uncle Myke — she wispers, ignoring the inspector completely — You have to take a shower, I'll put some clothes on the bed for you, just leave you alone for you to change clothes and...
— I'm sorry, uncle Myke — I whisper, knowing that only him would hear it, and raise my head to look at his face. The worried eyes were scanning me, searching for negative marks, I hope he find none — The man who was going to take me — I speak louder, hopping that John helps me — was blonde, very tall and had scars on his face, cut scars, not burning, and had a lot of guns...
— Yesterday, in lunch — the kid answer with half of her mouth still with food, no fear of the low and serious voice, Gregory smirks with Mycroft's eye roll — About mom and you two — he puts a finger on her lips, forcing her to chew before speak again. It's a sweet movement, Gregory feels a smile growing on his own face — I like him, uncle Myke.
- We are still going to hear a lot of fights until then - Sabrina tosses her beautiful hair back and looks botherd, her snub nose makes my stomach twist - you'll get used to it, sweetie - She smiles, engaging, and stretches herself over the table to grab my hand. I force a smile, but noticing the reactions around me and I feel like I'm falling into a trap.
She smiles and looks back at any place other than my eyes, the others have a sweet smile, I feel some gratitude in them, but I do not know what that might mean.
Normally we actually verbally talk banalities, I think she feels I need someone normal in my life, and uncle Mycroft seems to agree because he avoids the maximum role his eyes listing to us. But today that's not going to happen, my uncle is trying to make his lighter work, stressed, disposed to smoke with us in a closed car. Anything could make him furious in that moment, even a minimum noise.
James bonds over his desk, looking at his plans and pictures of targets, he looked incredible delighted with something, behind the angry, of course, amuse with something his sniper couldn't see. Sincerely, Sebastian didn't knew half of those people in the pictures taken on the same day, and it wasn't a problem for him. His eyes focus on the tall man dressed in a suit, Mycroft Holmes, his target, he was going to finish the man.
John tells her to sit on Sherlock's chair. It's funny how small she is for the armchair, in fact, it could hold easily two of her with a lot of comfort. Stopping to think about it, he realise she is small for 13 years, he lets the light smile fall, mainly knowing the physical type of the others of its family, John wonders what happened to her so that it is so. Maybe something to do with the reason she lives with Mycroft. Many possible situations pass through his head, none of them good, he swallows hard, the idea of that little girl going through some kind of soffering unsettled him.
— Louise! — John Watson, getting out of exactly no were, hugs Mycroft's niece, pulling her away from him. The government officer feels the hand empty and has to control the will to take her back, away from the soldier — What happened to you? With your head?
A lot of pain, for what I could deduce (what a relive let my brain work without restrictions), a lot of pós trauma reactions, his eyes won't stop for a moment, always in alert, almost scared in fact, some loud sounds would make him glitch slightly, and even on eating, I wasn't the only one to force myself on it. If I wasn't looking for something, I would never be able to see it all, he was living like that for years now, maybe all those little things just split through his own perception, it was routine.
Your cell phone rings: Come when you can, if you can not come now anyway. SH.
Sebastian screams in frustration sitting on the back of the car. It shouldn't be like that! The girl was right there. He even hold her, looking at his hands now his only desire is to punch something. James would be so furious.
The blonde man push him and step away, breathing heavily, but soon he put himself together and turn with a smile to me. A military man with such a sweet look was almost weird, and I manage only smiled back.
— Do you have family, doctor?
Sherlock Holmes observes the computer screen hating Mycroft's paranoia. The tracker on his brother phone points to at least 5 places all over London. Normally he would eliminate every place not close to the spot where the car was intercepted, it was a perfect planing, the kidnapper would choose a specific close place for hiding, fast kidnap for torture, as Sherlock believed it would be, but the planing was unbelievable perfect. The kidnap spot was the same distance to all the track places.
I want to desagree, but I could barely breathe, when he takes his hand of mine I can only keep my eyes on the table. That subject would always bring that cut like sensation, like part of my organs were being taken from me. It was not about my mother's death and I know, my hole body in hurting because of the flashes of the brown eyes who always cared about me, the same smile as daddy would always give to mommy, but this time, with much more blood.
- We are going to be diplomats one day - they say together, broad smiles. I notice a proud look from James on them, an attentive admiration. I look away again, preventing myself from deducting more.
— Mister Lestrade, please, help me.
As Mycroft had imagined, he was leaving. Of course he would. Why Lestrade would be drinking with a man who from the first time they saw only gives him orders. The inspector probably hated him, he did not have much to love anyway. Yet helped him through that fucked day. A better man than he will ever be in life.
I try to speak but am rendered inarticulate.
“You put gel in your hair and you have spearmint tic-tacs in your pocket.”
John felt a little electric zing travel up his spine and down his legs, and his cock twitched in approval.  “Well,” he said, feeling a little lightheaded, “By all means, be my guest.”
Sherlock’s eagerness filled John with a sense of invincibility, an abundance of joy; it made him feel potent, powerfully virile, vibrantly alive.  John pushed his finger in just a fraction, just enough for Sherlock to feel it, before withdrawing it and extricating himself from Sherlock’s arms.  “Well,” he said, standing, cock stiff and bobbing before him as he climbed quickly out of the pool, “you’ll have to come and get it.  Maybe this time you’ll win.”
I put on the red quepe and hate every part of what it's in the mirror. I was too short for my age, too skinny for my age, and too pale for any normal human being. My face is tin with well defined cheek bones, just like uncle Sherlock, but it was just weird on me, maybe if my hair was longer, with bigger curves like his, it wouldn't be so ugly. The blue eyes outed on the pale skin, but they weren't clever as uncle Sherlock's, maybe the same color, although not the same beauty. I wonder why they don't have the same nice shine as my mother's.
It took a hole week for me to accept that Alicia's eyes were the most beautiful in the world, and that became my biggest concern. It took the same amount of time for me to accept that those nice people were actually trying to be good with me. It was one of the best weeks of my life, if I'm allowed to say. Even Uncle Mycroft making a weird face everytime I would say so, the twins, Alicia and James were my friends now, I know he was happy about it too. Even if was too early to call them friends or something alike, but friends really sounded so good.
— Well, I'm going home. — He slaps his hands on his thighs, strangely embarrassed by what he has just done. Mycroft does not move a muscle, just staring at him. — The little girl must already be sleeping, and we should follow her example. Even more, Mr. Holmes — the British government nodded, unable to find words, watching the man go.
A black car stops beside us, the back door opening. Inside, with a beautiful and in a thigh black dress, was Anthea, blackberry in hands. I sit by her side and smile at her, she touches my hair, without saying a word asking me if everything was ok. I didn't know how to answer.
— Dead — it comes out to fast. Her face turns incredibly pale for a second and then bright red, mouth beginning to forme what would be a million apologies. It wasn't a good decision if you want to make someone comfort — I mean.. she died a few years ago — I shake my head, not letting she start apologizing — She was murdered — the red of the floor, combined with the red of my memories makes a shiver go down my spine — I live with my uncle Mycroft now. I believe, I don't even not how, that you know who he is.
Gregory doesn't hid the smile, he was looking for a motive for us to stay too, definitely worried about how my uncle was felling, the man was obviously close to a break down after hearing how I was almost taken from him.
— So... — he cleans his throat softly, a little bothered ― If he's in such a bad mood, let's first meet a person ― he guides me to a door on the right, without knocking he open it a little and take a look inside ― She is a very special person to Sherlock and me. Mycroft usually it's very inpatient with her.
My class room.
A full dressed with his blue pijamas uncle Myke come out the bathroom and I'm sure he mocks my happy face. The British government sits beside me, analyzing my face, caring.  He looks tired, like the weight of the world was on his back, but also worried about something, I could smell the worry on him, full tar cigarettes, enough for being impossible for the shower to take it from him.
I let my head fall to the side, friend? I don't look like uncle Myke? John Watson got himself elevated on my concepts of interesting.
I'm so incredibly sorry for the delay. Johnlock is not being easy, I'm trying to build them slowly, so it took a little more in this one. Is not a Johnlock chapter thought just a few.... Realisations
I rise quickly before he scapes, and wrap myself on his chest, sitting lightly on his lap, hugging him thigh, strangely letting a laughter go, happiness coming through me. Not in a million years, having his permission was a possibility.
— Your uncle is right, miss — Lestrade kneels close to me, once again putting himself in a shorter position — And I'm going to help him with that. We are going to talk, and you will tell me everything about what happened. I'm going to catch these guys.
― My house it's that way ― I point through the window, finger visibility shaking ― We can turn on that one, it's the way that the driver normally do.
I believe my uncle's initial idea was putting me in a boarding school, were he doesn't need to educate me or bare my presence, but in my first year with him, when I couldn't say a word, that wasn't an option. So we had to live together, grown a relationship, until the moment he couldn't send me away anymore. I couldn't be more grateful for that, not just because boarding schools are a nightmare, but because I wouldn't survive without our relationship.
The general is very skinny and as high as uncle, all his uniform is in perfect position, every medal is in perfect organisation. He seems to always be in a "ready to receive orders" position, I wonder if my uncle is his superior or if he is like that all the time. The fact is, he was very focused on being a man from the army, or he was just to traumatized to keep things out of place, maybe ocd was the problem. By his age I can try to guess in witch was he faugth, none worthy of course, any war is truly worthy.
What friends? I contain a sarcastic laughter.
— Your laughter is beautiful, I heard you when you were talking to Greg —
— Well, it's a pleasure, dear, but... don't might me please... Who in it's sanity would have a child with Mycroft Holmes?
The man bounds in pain in the sink, more tears coming. Mycroft knows he wasn't a good person, but he would make it diferent if he could, maybe doing it diferent the punishment wouldn't be so hard.
― You know, Mr. Watson, my uncle probably will come straight here after his metting, and he'll probably be furious, so I'll not have time to say goodbye and thank you... ― I give him my hand ― Thanks for saving me, sir.
Standing on the corridor is a man who I assume is the next teacher. He doesn't say anything, just pass through us, calmly, impeccable uniform, grey hair cut very short and face full of wrinkles, but the backs as straight as they were in the first world war, probably. He waves at Pasteur and enters the classroom. I imagine that's my permission to stay out a bit.
Mycroft put a finger on her lips, slight smile making all the blood look silly. The small hands went through the hurt face delicately erasing the tears.
The door opens without making any kind of sound, I only observe him, still playing, as he passes through the place, and sits on the bed, heavily sighting, observing my room. It wasn't a very healthy room for a 13 year old, but it fits me. Lots and lots of book about crime and murders, white walls with some posters of old rock bands, a closed too big for my limited number of clothes and my desk, probably never used, my place if study was actually in his office floor.
The man on my right is my security guard for three years now. Before him, Uncle Myke was going to pick me up at school every day, but when that had become impossible due time, and Thomas would always drive me home, sometimes he would buy me a ice cream in secret, trying to please me. From time to time I wonder what he knows about me, what Uncle Myke told him to be so careful and gentle.
When I sit to copy more disciplines, my mind start to wonder. What was that place? Children who knew too much about the British government, teacher who knew too much about my family... Uncle Myke probably wasn't telling me something.
Gregory gets out of the car to help Mycroft to his feet. The hurt man keep a firm hold on Louise from the front door to the bedroom, even sat in the bed, green eyes on the terrified blue ones. Louise calls Doctor Strauss without even taking the hand of Mycroft's.
— Do you want the names?
— I do — He smiles from the corner, watching the curls, the blue eyes and the skin drawn in ivory — And from the way you spoke to that director, I see that the similarities go beyond gives the appearance.
— Well, he is always weird, also always interested in the case, but today he suddenly was distracted, not interested — the inspector shake his head, wondering, putting his hands on his pocket. John knew the man wasn't stupid, Gregory realise immediately how Sherlock was bothered by the child's presence, and was just trying to take the suspect out of her head. He was a good man — Humpf, it was my pleasure, Louise, I better head going, my crime scene is waiting for me, and, what it seems, a very weird private detective.
I try looking around, but that only takes me to analyze his long coat next to the window, it was full of cat fur, at least three different cats and human hair, long and blonde human hair. I role my eyes, looking away, the idea of someone like him having a girlfriend personally offended me. Maybe it's not something like that. I look again, some of the hair was partly under the lapel. Girlfriend. Wew.
— We don't want her here, Mycroft and me! — the taller whispers, the deep voice going rough against the throat. The blue eyes, the same as the girl on the living room, were truly angry at him — This is not good for her! — the pale face shifts into what could be described as a shadowy expression, a expression of on who remembers a not pleasent past — Nor is for me...
- Of course - his laughter makes him throw his head behind, letting go a sight - Mycroft Holmes and his amazing control issues he is never going to change - the shine on his eyes is unsettling, is, at the same time, angry and happy, full of something alike sorrow, but dusty... How does he knew my uncle? - Well, I'm waiting for our answer tomorrow, today you have to get used to the school. And, Louise? - his face turns kindly sad, admiring my face - I am very pleased to meet you.
— Dr. Watson — I try to keep my voice stable, be firm, but I can't — my uncle won't like if with keep talking at each other. It's against the rules.
— We are almost there — Gregory tries to sound tranquilizing, he observes Mycroft worried. It almost sounded absurd, worried with Mycroft Holmes. — What we will do when we get there? Do you have a private doctor or something like that?
— I don't believe I'm good to give this answer, Dr. Watson. Uncle says I have a lot to learn — as in every aspect of my life — and my teacher says that I'm doing fine. Maybe some day I manage to truly get somewhere.
― He will think twice before get angry with you ― his smile is joyful and I can't not hold mine. Poor uncle Myke ― He's coming, I suppose he went to your school before. We should have warned him.
The car gets silence when he back on staring the nothingness, John makes eyes contact with me, almost verbalizing questions, but I only move my look to the rainy London holding my hands together, scared.
He agrees, shaking the head with a pensative expression, approving my answer, I allow myself a small smile. Uncle Mycroft gives me my favorite proud!face. So far nobody was angry, my new personal record.
— Well, fuck. That explains a lot — I roll my eyes and convince myself that was just a big waste of time and none of those information were important, especially because, behaving, I would need to use none of it. At least safety was something granted — Well, let's see if Ian is safe.
Gregory stands up, smiling, ready to shake the girl's hand. The good part of having the DI closed by is the part that everything to him is just fine.
He opens the door, smiling to the kid, and realizes that Louise was shaking head to toe and seemed to be hyperventilating. She look at him, right in the eyes, and for a second the doctor feels completely open and exposed. That little girl could see all his sins, his mistakes and sorrows. The same Sherlock blues, as sweet and sincere as the original, and so invasive ... He knew those eyes very much.
-------
I finish my copies right after the end of class bell. Nobody moves, what means that our class room was the same for all teachers. I don't dare looking back, no fast moves, not attracting attention was the main objective there.
— I know, uncle Myke — he bounds behind me, putting his arms around my shoulders, straighting the tie, gentle. I let my head fall in this shoulder and feel an urge of hug him. — How long do you think I'll last there?
— Nothing. Not price, no names, no upcoming revenge, suppostly, everything is quiet — he let go a dark cloud of smoke, thinking. They know what that means, and don't want to say it because of me, but I know. That was personal, organise and very calm, wasn't going to stop until complete it's objective. We didn't have how to find out anything unless who ever it was made a mistake. And that was very risky to me, too risky for uncle Myke.
My uncle's home office was a wooden and comfortable place, with books and a fire place. I remember, some years before, sitting on the floor to study feeling safer close to the strange uncle now responsible for me. The memory of the caring eyes over me make my heart melt a little, he used to observe me over the paperwork, the green eyes scouting my face.
Ok, a little of mormor in this, don't wait too much yet. Sory for the delay. Please enjoy
His torturer jumps, clearly happy, on his foot, never taking his eyes of the older man.
The perfect suit, the umbrella and the intensity, it was all I needed. Until that moment I couldn't feel anything, I had to ignore the attempt of kidnapping, the fear... But now he was right there and I could feel everything, anything, I didn't have to worry, he would take care of me.
And I was forgetting something. Hell knew what was it.
― Hello ― I answer, trying not to sound terrified, as usual it don't work, because I had to take some time to get myself use to the talking part ― Is Sherlock Holmes there?
I remember that day, the day of the rules, when I last see uncle Sherlock. The same uncle Sherly who use to call me intelligent, talk with my mom into happiness and play the violin for me. My godfather. That day he doesn't even looked at me, he knew it was my fault and didn't want to see me again. And I knew he was going to be just like granny and grandad, just another gost, as dead to me as my mother, at the time just as dead as my voice.
They observe the dark haired and extremely pale child, and how Louise look around a little, maybe searching for her bodyguards car, but it won't come, they were stuck ten blocks away with the rest of the involved on that kidnap, he plan was wait for Ian to get inside and take her discreetly, but, well, it became easier. The girl, making Sebastian question her logic and self-care, just walks away from the building.
— He scaped, John — the break deep voice goes against John's neck, a pleasure shiver goes on his spine — The murder. I couldn't get him, Mycroft turned the world upside down to find him. We couldn't... We should have... The man who killed Louise's mom, and abused her is out there because I simply couldn't, John. She shouldn't be putted to love someone who failed her so badly.
— Louise! — before I could ask her more, Ian comes running through the corridor, body beautifully built, big smile, waving his hand to me — May I talk with you a little?
I feel a smile in my face, I recognise that walk, the umbrella it's on the left side of the body, he is angry. When he's on the door, I feel the green eyes on me, meanfull, upset, estressed, asking for explanations, for a full history, apologies if needed.
— Yes you are — the huge man shake his head, laughing — I just saw you sniffing his neck, sir, that's not actually friendly. Or straight. I was already like you, army, manly man, and all, I was an idiot. And you enjoyed the touch. His hair must me amazing — he aproches their faces, nice almost touching John's, the angry on the blue eyes amusing Sebastian — if you want an advise... Sex with another man is fucking amazing, and that "friend" — he mock the work, making the lack of air in the doctor mind improve with the anger — it's pretty hot.
I let my eyes wide, I was already waiting for something like that, although the bile comes to my throat, he was with me last than few hours ago, alive. Nobody should die like that. The big hand goes through my hair, discreetly calming me down.
Sorry for the delay. My time is very short. Please enjoy
- Oh, god, Louise - his disappointed voice makes my heart fall and I need all the straight in my body to look back at him. The strange man still was with his hands on the pockets, but straighten back, military pose, the only military thing on him. Big white smile on the pretty face - Don't call me sir, it gives me the shivers - the smile gets wider and, strangely, I fell my on face smiling too, almost without wanting it.
— You stay, Sherlock — Lestrade points a finger to the nervous young man while putting the bulletproof vest — I don't want a sentimental involved person in a rescue with me.
― But I can't go into uncle Sherlock house. It's a rule ― I try to argue looking from one to the other, John just looks in confusion to Sherlock, he didn't knew about the rules, probably was weird to him.
— Good Morning, Lise — she smiles, sitting in the table right in front of me. She gave me a brand new nickname, and it was sweet, it always came with a smile — First day of extra classes right?
― Louise? ― a different voice come from outside, not a soft voice that would mean my doom, but a very calm and deep one ― Open it.
That was the first day of me going under uncle Mycroft's sheets, to afraid to sleep alone, needing to much a hug, but to scared of touching him. In the day after he arrange himself in the bed to give me space to feel safe. The first of the little things he's always doing to make me happy.
The violoncello takes me out of the planet when I need. Since my mom died is the only less irritant way I have to cry. Uncle Myke like it too, music was his solution to communicate with me in our first year together. Me in the cello and he in his saxophone.
I force a smile, the dead body wasn't a problem, but I'm grateful for not having to see uncle Sherlock, he was going to be rude and cold, and wanting or not I was vulnerable to that.
I take my eyes off him and focus on Sabrina. We stare at each other for a fraction of a second and feel that if she had that power, I would be fulminated on the floor. But why? Instead of letting my eyes on her to deduce, what would probably put me in trouble, I turn my eyes and focus on the twins, who smile at me, the green eyes are gentle and the freckles make their smiles lovely.
— I'm really against hurting gingers. Especially ginger daddies, witch is your case, obviously — he bounds a little, putting their eyes on the same level, going through the lines of his face —, don't judge me, mister Holmes! Everybody has a daddy kink.
We put the bags on the kitchen table, hearing her talking non-stop about how the market was a complete mess. John start to get impatient, he was just like uncle Myke, ordinary subjects were boring for them. But I was different, it was actually boring and pointless, yet the normal and calm life sounded interesting, peaceful.
Over the years I gattered enough material to deduce they're whole life. Informations pop in front of me, an unhappy life, problematic rich family, cruelty being used as a way to feel better... I stop, not just because I promise not to deduce in school anymore, but because that informations only applied to one of them, the one with green eyes. They're lider.
Gregory Lestrade turns to me, eyes going through my hole being. He gets on one knee, getting smaller than me, it's amusing, the worry on his eyes and his delicate hands on my shoulders, before even asking how am I, made my chest shirink and hurt, it was the chance the bothering tears were waiting for. They roll down my cheeks and, without caring is he wants me or not, I jump on his neck, hidding my face on his clothes.
— Maybe Mycroft, who seemed care very much about you, has never said why he thinks he's going to upset you, your Uncle Sherlock does not seem to react well to your presence.
— We can have lunch together, tomorrow! — he goes into the bathroom, for a shower, I believe — And talk about school, about the classes I'll take with Ian.
Sebastian slowly feels a hit against his ribs, nervous or angry, fuck it, that little brat wasn't scaping from him, the fucking kid had to show up or James would kill more men, it was becoming difficult to find more of them. Then he saw it. Under a falling tree, inside the wood, hidden, was her backpack. Fucking smart little bitch, but not smart enough.
Before Mycroft answer his brother the car stops in a bump, looking through the window he can see two black cars surrounding his, a shot is heared then other two. His driver is dead and, he doesn't even need to confirm it, his stress sistem is destroyed. Grabbing his umbrella, the officer observes a group of man approching.
She observes him, without blinking, it seems strange to notice how the links were being made on her tiny mind. Yes, very alike Sherlock. When she speak again her voice is low and half broken.
When they are vanish, Sherlock walks to the car. I sit between them, hands shaking in tension, John doesn't know what to do so he just smile at me. Uncle Sherlock doesn't even looks at me, he must be so angry. Well of course, he was obligated to see me, was enough to end his day, I believe.
And that's the point when I start to get bored, it was like an actual fisical pain speeding through my muscles, almost forcing me to move, do something. But, being racional, that would be the stupidest idea, that was the feeling that normally put me in trouble, and "I couldn't bare stay sit any longer" wasn't the kind of excuse that my uncle would accept.
Hope you enjoy. And please be patient, all the ship's I'd promise will be here soon.
Louise puts her head on his chest, never letting his hand. An irrational will of holding her and never letting her go takes over his body. His niece was one of the only people who could make him be extremely irrational, really. Mycroft knew he would tear England apart for her without even blinking.
That was my favorite game with uncle Myke, he was the kind of person that wrote so hard that, hearing from the door, I could understand what he was writing only by the sound of the pen against the paper. It was the kind of thing that his assistant didn't like. She use to say that I wouldn't understand my uncle's work. I don't only understand, I also didn't approve it, and choose to forgive him, even if he doesn't need it. I would always forgive uncle Myke.
— No? But then who will cleans me? — he steps away, letting his face go, rude, and puts his hand on his own chin, as if reflecting — That brat you call niece is too far... — Mycroft feels his body cool, imagine his child in that situation tearing him, thinking about the subject he even understood how she had stayed after death gives mother — How about... I use you to clean me.
The metal door of the room opens in a loud. Somebody gets in, heavy breathing, he decides not to open his eyes and takes the moment to leave his body, his on the mind palace.
— You are going to the crime scene? I have to take Lou home — Mycroft's face turns profoundly sad and deep, the green eyes unable to focous, the worry moving in his brilliant mind. Louise knows that pain, and knows very well Sherlock's expression. He isn't satisfied with his brother pain. It was her chance.
Those four people had no problem hearing about my passion over Shakespeare or which songs I like to play in my cello. They didn't asked me why I was living with my uncle, or what happened with my parents, even though, they talked about they're family, and it was comfortable, I didn't made any effort in pretending to be really interested so they would like me, in fact I was really curious to know more about they're families.
When I put the first foot in the street the cold winter goes into my clothes, but this time I don't accept the feeling, embracing myself, today was going to be a good day, until the end, I didn't deserve cold today.
Mycroft "to arrogant for this shit" Holmes just sits and cross the arms on his chest, looking slightly moody, but I, who knows him best, can see how pleased he is with the gesture. Just after I notice my uncle is more relaxed and the inspector isn't observing him anymore, my statement begins.
— First exclusive class, Holmes? — while I'm putting my books on my backpack on the end of the class,  alone as always because of my slowliness on copying, Sabrina comes to me.
But I decide to shut my mouth and force a smile.
— We are not a couple — he struggles against the other man, the arm pressed on  his throat.
― Hello, John, glad you're back — she smiles, trying to go through the door with lots of supermarket bags. I step forward to help her ― Oh, hello, and who are you?
Even with the backpack, the Holmes kid was a little rabbit, running between the crowd, zigzagging even avoiding the cars, she seems to know exactly where to go. Two block away she disappear in a small park, not even looking behind. Sebastian signals to his men to spare, wondering if she had somewhere to hide in there, and the four men disappeared into the trees.
A side smile comes to his face and his eyes bright a little, that gesture makes my curiosity disappear, at least for the moment. Moving closer to him, I put my head on his arm, wanting to be on his lap.
