Cake, ice cream, and gifts followed, and then Bobby and Ellen wished everyone a good night. Ellen asked both Claire and Jack if she could give them a hug, and when they both shyly agreed, she scooped them up in one of her patented Mom Hugs that nearly made Cas cry every time. (His own mother, Naomi, hadn’t been much of a hugger — or much of a mother, for that matter — so until Cas had been assimilated into the Winchester-Singer-Harvelle circus, and Ellen had taken him in as one of her own, he’d been entirely unaccustomed to this type of physical forms of endearment.) She then turned to him and Dean, and hugged them both close to her, one in each arm, and murmured
Dean leaned down to give the now clean headstone a kiss, and stepped back, blinking hard as he tried to regain his composure. Suddenly Jack appeared beside him, and eyed the headstone with interest.
‘Nah, wear whatever you want. We just want you to be there,’ Dean said, sounding only the tiniest bit hoarse.
that mechanic from Kansas. He’s the best thing that’s ever happened to me, so don’t you go talkin’ shit about my boyfriend like that.’
‘Oh my god, never again,’ Cas groaned the next morning, resting his head on the seat of the toilet he’d just spectacularly vomited into, ‘I didn’t even win the game — Meg and Jo both kept going after I switched to water.’
The wind shifts, and Balthazar realises that Cassie smells strongly of the younger Winchester, and his defences are suddenly on red alert. When Castiel reluctantly admits that the boy put his hands on him, had him
To say things had been... An adjustment when Claire and Jack moved in, could definitely be considered the understatement of the century. No one could say they hadn’t been warned, but Dean would be the first to admit they’d been unprepared.
a chick, and would inevitably be into... Chick... Things...?) He then groaned, and smacked himself in the forehead, startling Claire. ‘Uh,’ he said awkwardly, ‘Did you, uh, really need tampons and Midol, or were you just screwing with me, cos I don’t think we grabbed any?’
And he saw... Everything — the blue walls of his bedroom, the stacks of his worldly possessions he’d been separating into boxes marked TOSS, SAVE, DONATE before his condition had gotten so bad he couldn’t manage it any longer, the small trash can Sam had insisted he keep at his bedside ‘in case of emergencies’, aka Dean started puking his guts up again.
The rest of the night continued with significantly less arguing and yelling than before, but even so, by the time Dean and Cas finally crawled into their bed, they were too exhausted to do anything other than lean in close with each other as sleep began to pull them under.
, and continues, ‘I... I need to know what you... Want.’ He stares up at Dean, all expectations, and vulnerability, and god
And so, Cas just tried to coast into... Fatherhood. (The more he said the word, even if it was only in his own mind, the easier it would become — or so he hoped.) He tried to simply
‘I mean...’ Dean said, rubbing the back of his neck nervously, ‘I was gonna bring it up soon anyway. My lease is almost up, and, well... I think things are goin’ pretty good, don’tchu?’
Dean shrugged, ‘It’s just money... Can’t take it with you.’ There was a strange note of bitterness in his voice when he said that, that Castiel didn’t understand. Dean sighed, but then smiled again, (which gave Castiel a little thrill, even if it looked a little forced), and said, ‘So, in all seriousness... Bad morning?’
Beneath the vitriol, Dean could hear the tremor of her grief, and he felt his chest twist with empathy. He’d been exactly where she was — young, and raw, and angry, and afraid — pain so constant that he’d forgotten what it was like to not have a knife buried in his heart. The ache of living in a world without his mother’s sunny smiles, or his father’s quick wit and dry humour... The weight of being the only blood relative left for his younger brother, and the terror that they might somehow lose each other. And, he remembered his entire body sagging with relief so sweet it nearly made him weep when Bobby had stepped in, and taken both him and Sam into his home, and made them family.
Recovery was hateful. The wrist healed up quickly enough, and the stitched dissolved on their own within a few weeks, but the leg was excruciating. It was slow, and painful, and frustrating, and there was a good chunk of time directly following the surgery in which Castiel struggled to wipe his own ass, which made him angry and embarrassed and altogether a complete delight to be around. Dean never wavered, though — he stayed by Cas’s side day and night, driving him to doctor’s appointments, and then physical therapy appointments, organising and researching side effects of all Cas’s many medications, taking over preparing and serving meals entirely, and, yes, helping with the ‘potty stuff’ as Charlie had lovingly named it when she came over to visit during Cas’s first week home.
was the boy in the bad part of town, trying to stop shivering long enough to do what needed to be done to feed his brother. He swore once, once he was grown, and hard, and strong, that he would never be
If Mystery Mechanic could afford to spend over a hundred dollars a week at a coffee shop, well, Castiel began to wonder even more often than usual if he might be in the wrong industry, and should perhaps try to learn his way around a wrench, instead of slinging cappuccinos, and trying to create art and other beautiful things on the side.
‘Is it too soon to buy a house with Dean?’ Cas blurted out, wanting to get straight to the point, ‘We got lost while on our way to Benny’s engagement party, and found this beautiful farmhouse for sale, and he asked what I thought about buying it, and I think I might have panicked a little.’
Even though he had barely spared her a thought in the last ten years, living in a world where his mother no longer existed did something to Cas. It was like hearing a celebrity you knew of, but didn’t necessarily have a vested interest in had passed away — someone who had always been just outside your atmosphere, but still existed in your periphery no longer did, and it was weird. Cas wouldn’t say he was
Illinois really didn’t have an option for them to legally marry (yet), though in January, Governor Pat Quinn had signed the legislation making civil unions between same sex couples legal. Dean didn’t really get too into politics — that was more Sammy’s thing than his — so he wasn’t about to count on anything until it was live and ready. The entire thing was just wholly unfair... If he and Cas loved each other enough to want to stand up before man and god with the upper- or lowercase G, and declare they were forever, why the hell should it matter that they had the same bits. Thinking about it too much just made Dean angry and indignant, so he tried to focus on other things, which, (unfortunately for his jealous bone) seemed to be Benny’s impending nuptials.
‘I don’t think anyone would dare, babe,’ Cas said, and came back over, wrapping his arms around Dean from behind and kissing his neck, ‘Happy anniversary.’
‘Sweetheart, I’d drive from sea to shining sea for you,’ he said without missing a beat, ‘Now reach in the glove box and get the map.’
Compared to the actual raid, the hospital was excruciating. Dean had always hated going to see the doctor — first as a kid on the rare occasions his dad had deemed it necessary, because that usually meant he’d gotten his ass beat bad enough to require medical attention; then, after he’d been collared, because that
Dean and Cas had gone all out decorating for Halloween. It was both their favourite holiday, so every square inch of the wrap around porch was full of pumpkins and hay bales and cornstalks and spiderwebs. They hosted a giant Halloween party the weekend before Halloween, and were the sickeningly cute couple in matching costumes. (Bert and Ernie, which Dean found endlessly hilarious until he realised he was allergic to the yellow makeup — which incidentally dyed his skin — and he spent the following week looking like he had a bad case of jaundice with a side of hives.)
coincided with meeting the six month mark for how long they’d had Claire and Jack, which meant they were now able to move forward with finalising an adoption. Jody had been checking in with them about once a month, and seemed thrilled that everyone had settled in so well. (‘Hitting the pothole that brought me into your shop is
‘I said do you think I could borrow the car so Kaia and I can go get coffee?’ Claire repeated, surprisingly not sounding too annoyed. (She was also asking to take the car, and was clever enough to realise copping an attitude was
‘Hmm, well I happen to know a certain hot Mystery Mechanic who can fix her up if that tragedy should befall her,’ Cas replied, feeling so happy and corny he was making himself cringe. They entered the coffee shop and found it had been completely renovated under the new owner. Instead of the bright lights and warm colour scheme, it was now very dark and modern — industrial looking, like what Cas imagined a club in New York City that hosted beat poets and tortured artists would look like. There was a stage in the back corner of the shop, with overhead spotlights, and a wooden stool just behind a single microphone stand. It all looked almost intimidatingly cool. He wondered idly what his old favourite customers, the senior citizen couple Frank and Gladys thought of the change.
‘Of course,’ Cas said, and Dean noticed his voice had gone back down to its normal timbre as Cas relaxed into his and Jack’s interaction, ‘I would love to. Go ahead and pick some colours.’ He gestured to where his paints were neatly displayed (how someone who was generally such a disaster could keep a meticulously organised workspace, Dean would never know), and Jack wandered over, looking interested.
It took a few weeks, but by the end of April, Cluckingham Palace — complete with turrets and faux drawbridge, of course — existed in all its bizarre, and punny glory. Cas was ecstatic, and wasted no time purchasing (
. This makes Dean actually let out a snort of laughter, as he gestures to his own dick that feels like it’s so hard it’s
Once in the hall, Dean took a moment to run both hands through his hair, and massage his temples a bit, trying to compose himself before he turned back to the betas. He forced himself to take several steadying breaths, then said, ‘Okay, so the kid was never collared, because the son of a bitch alpha kidnapped his mom from her house years ago, knocked her up, then kept her and Jack chained up in some basement his whole life. Well, actually,’ Dean let out a bitter laugh that bordered on hysteria, ‘Jack wasn’t chained up, because he was called on to ‘service’ the alpha and his friends more than his mom was once he presented as omega. You... You can tell he’s been trained for — that,’ he swallowed hard, feeling sick, ‘Apparently the alpha made plans to sell Jack, but his mom attacked the asshole with a chair, and told Jack to run.’
had never been supported at home with his art. This was, in fact, the impetus by which he ended up disowned and estranged from his family. He was first and foremost thrilled that Jack had found his passion, it just didn’t stop that ugly little voice inside his head that wondered what his life could have been like if he’d had someone who supported him as well.)
‘Oh my god,’ Castiel mumbled, feeling his warm face get even hotter, ‘I can assure you, there was no engaging in intercourse happening this morning. I believe the look you’re referring to is ‘ripping my hair out in frustration so I don’t rip my employee’s head off instead’.’
‘Where would you like to start today, Castiel?’ Cole asked, taking a seat opposite Cas, a leather bound folio in one hand, and a ballpoint pen in the other.
‘You’re the best,’ Cas said, kissing him hard, not even caring who was watching, ‘The absolute best, and I’m gonna prove it to you later.’
Warnings: At this point in the fic, Dean has an inoperable brain tumour, and as a result, he does experience several instances of muscle weakness, aphasia, headaches, nausea, loss of vision, etc. I don’t think anything is too graphic, and I tried to handle his POV sections as sensitively as I could, but please be aware in case any of this is upsetting to you.
‘Well, this sumbitch over here is that way, even without crackin’ his gourd, so don’t sound like nothin’ we can’t handle,’ Bobby said gruffly, jerking a thumb in Dean’s direction, making him scowl. Bobby extended a hand to Dr Davies, and said, ‘Thanks for takin’ such good care of my boy, doc. Really appreciate the effort.’
Cas let out a shaky laugh, because otherwise he might just cry over how much he’d missed this, and how happy he was to be riding again. Tentatively, he accelerated — just a little bit — and relished the feeling of the wind whipping past him, the world narrowing to just him, his bike, and the road.
Once he finished up unloading the dishwasher, and wiping down the countertops, he went to check the mail and there it was — a letter with the orange Bowling Green State University logo in the corner. For a moment, it took his breath away, then in the next he was walking into the house as quickly as he could, calling for Claire at the top of his voice. While he waited for her to come downstairs, he eyed the envelope suspiciously... He’d always heard all the rumours about thick versus thin envelopes, and weighed the BGSU letter in his hand; it seemed to have just a regular, normal heft.
‘What Dean means to say,’ Cas interrupted loudly before Dean could get too far into his rant, ‘Is that we are
The day of the festival, Dean woke up bright and early, feeling stupid anxious. During one of their late night conversations, Castiel had asked Dean again to set up a small showcase of some of his sculptures, and in a moment of optimistic weakness, he had agreed, and gone onto the Wild Angels website and registered right then and there, Cas cheering him on every step of the way. He’d never really thought much about his ‘art’, not like Cas, who genuinely wanted to make a name for himself with his paintings... It had started as a way not to be bored, and then after his parents had died, it was a way to stay sane when he found himself slipping into the bottle more than could really be considered healthy. He just found it calming — to be able to create something new out of what everyone else would call junk. (Never mind that half the time he called the finished product junk as well, much to his friends’ and family’s chagrin.)
‘Alright, boys,’ Jody said, referring to both Dean and Jack, which made Dean feel both exasperated and fond, ‘Paperwork’s all set, team is assembled, now all we need is to track this bastard down. Jack... Do you think you can lead us back to the house? I know it’s scary, but we’ll be with you every step of the way.’
Well, if Dean hadn’t been ass over tea kettle for him before, that just about sealed the deal. He felt another pang of regret that it wasn’t something he could even hope to dream about, but forced it down just as quickly as it came, and instead pulled out his phone to let Bobby know to send the tow truck over.
‘Castiel Novak’s family?’ the doctor asked in a surprising British accent, to which they both nodded, ‘Good afternoon gentlemen, I’m Dr Davies. I was the orthopaedic surgeon for Mr Novak’s surgery. I’m happy to say it went exceptionally well. He sustained a transverse fracture to his right femur — this means it was a horizontal break — but it was a clean one, and we were able to go in and do an intramedullary nailing, which is essentially a titanium rod in the canal of the femur, held in place by screws above and below the fracture. We also reset his left wrist, and our plastic surgeon popped into to stitch up several lacerations Mr Novak sustained on his face and chest, so there should be minimal scarring. Unfortunately there’s not much we can do for the broken ribs, as they should heal on their own, but I will advise Mr Novak to follow up with his primary care physician if he experiences any difficulty breathing, couching, fever, or the like. All in all, Mr Novak is looking at a four to six month recovery period, and some serious physical therapy, but he’s expected to make a full recovery.’
‘That’s different,’ Cas replied, though he couldn’t really say why. He chewed on the inside of his cheek, trying to figure out how to articulate his feelings of inadequacy and embarrassment and anxiety. Cole just sat there, waiting patiently for Cas to organise his thoughts. After a few more beats of silence, Cas opened his mouth again, and laid it all out there for Cole to help him make sense of.
Dean couldn’t imagine ever being happier, which might have been true, had he not happened to be working at the garage the afternoon in the first week of February when Jody Mills, a local social worker, had hit a pothole
Dean just looked... Tired. He clenched his jaw, still glaring at the oil stained concrete floor, then wrenched his gaze up to Cas’s eyes, and said, ‘I don’t think that’s a good idea, Cas. You letting me fix the bike here instead of calling the cops on me was thanks enough. Let’s just, ah, leave it at that, alright?’
‘Now why would you think that?’ Cas deflected, and Dean snorted as his poor attempt at subterfuge. He opened his mouth presumably to argue, so Cas asked pointedly, ‘Well, what happened between you two at Target?’
‘Shut up, jerk,’ Sam shot back in a voice that was half a note away from being a whine, ‘Seriously. What did the doc say?’
? And the memory of this night will never fade for me. Long after you go mad, locked in perpetual agony in a place where I
Castiel could hardly wait for his shift to be over, both so he could go pick up his motorcycle, and so he could see Dean in a whole new environment. (He’d spent more than a minute daydreaming about Dean in a pair of coveralls, a smudge of oil on his cheek, holding a... Wrench, or drill, or whatever it was mechanics used to fix cars. It was a mental image that had distracted him on more than one occasion — to the point where Charlie had started calling him out when he got a certain faraway look, and would loudly tell him to stop thinking about his ‘porn with plot mechanic fantasy’, regardless of how many people they might be around them at the time. Castiel had become much more cognisant of his facial expressions since then.)
Jack, on the other hand, had been inviting his friend Jesse come over after school and on weekends so often that Cas told Dean it almost felt like they had three kids instead of just the two, but neither of them minded in the least. Privately, Jack told them that Jesse’s parents were often out of town for work, and had previously left him with babysitters, but once he started sixth grade, they said he was old enough to stay by himself for a few days at a time. It wasn’t until Cas overheard Jesse telling Jack that he was tired of eating canned soup, since that’s all he knew how to cook, that he realised just how alone Jesse really was. Dean was outraged when Cas told him what he’d heard, and from them on, would vehemently insist Jesse stay for dinner every time he came over. (‘Seriously, what kind of parents could ditch their kid like that, where he don’t even got enough food for a proper meal?’ Dean had ranted at Cas more than once. ‘No kid
It takes some time, but Castiel finally manages to calm him down, convince him that Cassie doesn’t blame Balthazar for his monumentally stupid lack of common sense, so neither should he. After, they share several moments of being far too vulnerable for either of their comfort levels, the next thing Bal knows, they are hugging, and it seems as though they are holding each other just a little too tightly so neither one falls apart. For once, Balthazar lets himself be soothed by the scent of comfort, of safety, of
‘Is it cos we’re in a situation where we have, like, five minutes left to live, and a bomb or something’s gonna go off?’ he murmurs against Cas’s mouth, and when Cas pulls back, confused, Dean gives him a disbelieving look, ‘From
‘Yeah,’ Castiel said, and downed the second drink, savouring the way it burned his throat, because it gave him something else to think of, aside from his grief, ‘It just... Sucks. He’s just so... He doesn’t deserve this. I mean, no one does, but... He’s just different. And I just feel so helpless. I wish there was something I could do.’
A few minutes later, Benny was pulling the Impala into the parking lot, and around to the Emergency Room entrance. He waved Dean out with a promise to park the car and find him inside. Dean ran in, and was hit with an overwhelming feeling of deja vu from when he’d run in the same way after Cas’s accident. He went up to the front desk, and when the woman there looked up, he realised it was the same person as last time, which only added to the surreal feeling.
He ran up to the front desk, feeling as though he was mere seconds from a complete breakdown, and told the unruffled woman sitting there, ‘I’m Dean Winchester... I got a call for- From the cops, Sheriff something-or-other, my boyfr- Cas. Castiel Novak. He’s here, and he’s hurt.’
‘Not about the coffee, Sammy,’ Dean gritted out, fighting the wave of nausea that could have been a result of the headache, or the vertigo, or impaired vision — who fucking knew at this point. ‘I owe someone an apology, and I’ve only got so much time left to say it to him.’
, and Cas leans forward, hands braced on Dean’s shoulders, blanketing the faded scar on his left shoulder from the
of a lecture on the way home, not to mention, grounded for a whole month. He told him about how upset he’d gotten when Bobby, Ellen, and Jo moved to Illinois for Ellen’s work when he was Jack’s age, and how he and Sam had worried they’d never see them again. He told him how not two years later, Bobby came back to Kansas to get them, when their parents left this world.  Jack just sat and listened to these stories, asking for more details on some, and just letting Dean ramble for others.
Dean dumped his change from his water into the tip jar, and on a whim, pulled out the rest of the cash in his wallet, and threw it in there as well. He knew this was probably the last time he’d be in this shop, and possibly the last time he’d be out for... Well, awhile. So, he figured, it was probably the least he could do, after what an ass he’d been.
— and sighed. Bobby wasn’t wrong... If it was him in Sam’s shoes, he would want to know. He would want a chance to visit... And say goodbye. And wouldn’t it be better, if Sam came now to see him while Dean still had some resemblance to the badass older brother he had been all his life, instead of... What he would become? The idea of Sam, keeping vigil by Dean’s bedside until... Well, that idea damn near broke his heart. He’d done that for both his parents, stayed by their side right up until the very last second, and would never forget the sound of their last breath — that death rattle that hit him right in the chest, and seemed to steal the air from his own lungs, and haunted him to this day — and he’d vowed then and there that he would never ask Sammy to suffer through that for him. Little did he know the day would come so soon.
‘It’s probably all the processed sugar,’ Dean said sympathetically, ‘I’m sorry, kid, I wish we had something better to give you, but all they had here was junk in the vending machine. Once we get you and your Mom to the center, we’ll feed y’all up right, okay?’
with the idea of being an artist, and enjoyed every minute he spent creating, whether it was on his own, with Cas in his studio (which Cas had privately transitioned into calling
He was interrupted by the sudden appearance of Claire and Jack, both solemn-faced and suspicious to see the unusually formal-looking set up at the dinner table. Cas asked them what they’d like to drink, and Dean finished up the final touches on the roasted chicken and vegetables he had prepared (because Cas was on yet another one of his health kicks), and started to plate it, trying to ignore the slight shaking of his hands.
(Balthazar remembers when Pamela had given it to him for a bit of a laugh, but when the thing refused to die, she brought him a fern, which also clung to life, despite Bal’s blatant negligence in watering the damn thing. (When he remembered, he would sometimes tip the end of his tea or bottled water into the pot.) Then came the potted jade plant, and by then, enough staff and residents had noticed his growing botany collection, and assumed it was due to a deep seated love of gardening. The next thing Bal knew, whenever a gift-giving occasion arose, he found himself lousy with plants, until the inside of his office resembled a small greenhouse. He hated to admit it, but he did actually find it comforting to have little pieces of peace and beauty peppering his workspace. He’d tried passing the tradition on to Cassie, and had gifted the alpha with a small cactus succulent, thinking it would be a safe, low maintenance place to start, but alas — Cas had killed the damn thing in a matter of weeks. Upon reflection, it really was a miracle Dean was doing as well as he was.)
All that matters is the sensation of Castiel’s body on his body, and then when Dean pulls himself up and away just long enough to dart over to the side pocket of his duffle bag, and self-consciously toss the not-used-anywhere-near-frequently-enough bottle of lube... And after
‘I oughta build you one of those fancy shelf thingies you can just slide them into,’ Dean grunted, as he manoeuvred the last one on top of the small mountain of packages.
‘You’re serious?’ Charlie asked, eyes wide, ‘Dean, it’s too much. I can totally pay you for it. I just sold my set of con exclusive Star Trek-’
It didn’t take long at all for Cas to figure out what Dean had in store for him; it was impossible to miss. He’d no more than turned to peer into the rest of the garage when a strangled whimper came from his throat, and he was walking forward as if in a trance, to the farthest garage bay.
said to tell you to go straight home. Well, ask. He said he was worried the residents might smell that you were distressed, and that might upset them in turn.’ He says Cassie’s name with a furtive look around like he expects the alpha to jump out of the supply closet and berate him for referring to him so casually.
The remaining four adults went outside to the patio, and each couple sat curled up on one end of the outdoor sectional, and watched the fireflies flit over the pond in the backyard. Cas came out last, carrying a tray of drinks with generous glasses of wine for himself and Jess (which they honestly, probably didn’t need, as the two of them had already
‘That’s my girl,’ he murmurs, ‘You always know just what to do to make this old arsehole feel a bit better about life.’ She cracks one eye open, and gives him an exasperated look, as though his speaking is greatly disturbing her ability to relax, so Bal just makes a low humming noise of contentment, and pets her until they are both drifting off to sleep.
‘Not a kid, Jodes,’ Dean replied, grateful for Jody’s attempt at their usual banter, fruitless though it may be. The moment passed, and he sighed, ‘The dude in there? That’s a kid.’ He clenched his jaw, and muttered, ‘
‘So?’ she asked expectantly, ‘How’d it go? Didn’t I tell you guys you’d kill it here? I seem to notice both your sample of wares are considerably lighter.’
‘Jack’s got a girlfriend!’ Claire blurted out at the same time Jack protested, ‘So does Claire!’ then they looked at each other, and immediately started arguing wildly, which, of course, set both dogs off barking like mad, as they sensed their owners’ distress. Dean and Cas just stared at each other, then Claire and Jack, then Amara and Adam, and then finally at Jesse who was watching the whole dramatic scene unfold with a sort of horrified fascination.
‘You did everything just right, Claire,’ Cas said firmly. ‘Sometimes these things just happen; that’s why they’re called accidents. And Dean is just going to be glad you two are okay.’
He’d never been someone who’d imagined passing on the family name, leaving a legacy — all that utter bullshit his own father used to monologue about as Cas and his brothers sat around the dining room table. His eldest brothers, Michael and Luke would hang on his every word, the idea of power drawing them in so much they were practically salivating. The next in line, Gabriel, didn’t care too much one way or the other, so he would catch Cas’s eye from across the table, and make an ugly face, or roll his eyes, making Cas have to disguise his snort of laughter with a coughing fit. He sometimes missed Gabe, but Gabriel, bless him, would never walk away from the Novak family fortune as Cas had. Cas usually didn’t fault him for that, though sometimes the faintest feelings of hurt and betrayal curled low in his belly when he was feeling especially lonely. He wondered sometimes what the Novaks would think about his ‘found’ family, but knew he would never subject them to their scrutiny.
, and he flings his cup away from him, watching numbly as the rich brown liquid explodes against the trunk of a nearby tree.
When the day finally arrived, they found themselves in front of a fierce looking judge called ‘Judge Rufus J Turner’, if the shiny nameplate was anything to go by. In the seats behind them sat Bobby, Ellen, Jo, Benny, and Charlie, who was holding an iPhone FaceTime call so Sammy and Jessica could be a part of the big moment. (They had finally gotten the opportunity to introduce Jack and Claire to her, and as Dean suspected, they both took an immediate liking to her quirky, outgoing personality, and habit of relentlessly mocking both Cas and Dean.)
Dean nodded, relief making him weak, and let Bobby lead him to a chair in the corner of the waiting room. ‘Thanks,’ he mumbled quietly, ‘She wasn’t going to let me...’
‘It looks like a broken femur,’ the woman said with a sympathetic wince as she consulted her screen, ‘He also had several lacerations to his face and chest, three broken ribs, and a broken wrist, but the good news is that his head CT came back clear, so he doesn’t appear to have any serious head injuries, though there is a note here that he likely has a concussion. I know it sounds like a lot, Mr Novak, but all in all, it looks like your son was quite lucky. Many patients we see after a crash like that are in much worse condition.’
Claire looked nervous, like she was afraid he might actually refuse to let the adoption go through, so she stood, opened her mouth, and said quickly, ‘I just... I never thought I would be happy again after my parents died. My parents were... They were the best. They were kind, and funny, and they loved me and my brother so much. And I miss them... And I will never stop missing them. But Dean and Cas? They’re also kind, and funny, and love us, I think, even after only a little bit of time. And I’m not always happy, but I’m... I’m happier with them than I would be without them. So, uh... There.’ She looked massively uncomfortable by the end of her speech, so Dean reached out and offered his hand, which she took as she sat back down.
‘He’s certainly not the worst angry alpha I’ve faced,’ Balthazar replies before he can really think about his words, so he shrugs, the perfect pantomime of nonchalance. He notices Kevin still looks ill at ease. ‘Is there something on your mind?’ he finally asks, exasperation creeping up from his gut to take over his entire chest, making him feel trapped and jittery, like all he wants to do is retire to the solace of his own home so badly he can nearly taste it.
‘You love him,’ she remarked, the slighted hint of awe in her voice, ‘After everything... All those scars, all that pain... And you still fell in love — and
‘You’re doing great. You’re so brave. I’m so proud of you, Jack,’ Dean repeated in his ear like a mantra, even though Jack made no indication he heard the words at all.
) happy memories of Naomi from his childhood that he sort of missed, and the knowledge that there would never be a chance to make more was... Unsettling. Again, not
, Cas was given the go-ahead to junk the leg brace, which he did so with a vengeance. (He may have convinced Dean to start a bonfire in their backyard that he refused to feel guilty about, despite it being January, and the fact that it didn’t actually burn so much as melt, and then produce a thick, foul smelling smoke. Ultimately, Dean ended up dousing the thing in snow, then bagging it up for the trash.)
‘Yeah, okay,’ Dean rolled his eyes, ‘I’m not holding my breath. This is all probably more trouble than it’s worth.’
thing I want to be thinking about right now is anything having to do with God, Metatron, or any other angel or deity for that matter — with or without genitalia. The only penis I have any interest in at this very moment is the very erect one currently poking rather insistently at my thigh.’
Dean waited for Jack’s mom to look up again, her face tear stained, but resolute, and said clearly, ‘No one owns me. Not anymore. I was freed years ago — because NRR helped me get there,’ he pulled the collar of his shirt and jacked slightly to the side, showing his neck that was free of any collar or chain. ‘And no one will own you or Jack ever again. I swear to you: you and your son will
‘Fine,’ Sheriff Barker agreed reluctantly, ‘Just five, and we’ll be right on the other side of the two way mirror. If he’s not claimed, he’s technically still a minor, so legally, until we figure out what to do, he’s my responsibility.’
Dean, sensing Cas’s sudden change in mood looked over and looked over, concerned. Cas shook himself, and forced a smile, and reached across the table for Dean’s hand. His ring glinted in the sunlight, and Cas was finally able to exhale.
Dean, who had just taken his first sip of magical bean juice, of course, was surprised enough by the break in routine, that he choked on his coffee, and started the embarrassing process of attempting to recover from the coughing fit that immediately followed. Gorgeous Barista’s eyes widened with — concern? Regret at having tried to be friendly with this socially awkward idiot? — and he shifted uncomfortably before asking, ‘Do you... Require assistance?’
‘I know,’ Cas said gently. ‘I’m not angry with Claire. I’m so glad you guys weren’t hurt.’ Claire leaned into his side, and he found himself putting an arm around her again.
Gorgeous Barista simply cocked his head to the side, a kind smile playing at his (gorgeous) lips, and handed Dean a stack of napkins, and simply said, ‘I see. Well, it’s good to know you’re alright, if not a bit tardy. Hopefully your boss doesn’t give you a hard time.’
. Dean’s gaze darted between intently studying the toes of his scuffed work boots, to surreptitiously staring at the gorgeous barista who was singlehandedly the driving force behind Dean’s newfound coffee routine. It had really been (in)convenience that had driven him into The Daily Grind in the first place — Dean normally avoided any business with cutesy, punny names like the plague, but a burst pipe at his normal coffee spot meant it was either punny coffee, or suffering through his own
!’ over the sounds of barking, and laughing, and skittering paws, and was nearly trampled by two kids, two dogs, and one breathless partner, whose eyes were still alight with laughter. ‘Y’all are a damn mess,’ he grumbled, then shoved the flowers at Cas who hummed happily, and went to find their vase. He dropped the dog food to the ground with a grunt, and handed one bag each to Claire and Jack that were filled with their requested treats and bullshit for the dogs. ‘Don’t ever say I don’t do nothin’ for ya.’
up already, and have threatened to kill each other no less than four times, and I haven’t even finished my coffee yet.’
Claire called them on FaceTime on Dean’s birthday (that feature alone had been enough to convince Dean to get iPhones for himself and Cas, despite having always ranted and raved about them), and that’s when they dropped the news.
Bobby, who had been standing next to one of the lifts as he and Dean argued, had gone very still, and was clutching his chest with his right hand. Before Dean’s very eyes, he watched Bobby collapse to the floor in seemingly slow motion. He yelled Bobby’s name, then for
‘My brother,’ Dean answered, because that was the only thing he could think of — that, and  clinging to the edge of the table for dear life, ‘He’s in the parking lot in a douchey looking blue Prius. Can you get him?’
She gave him her piranha grin again, and told him to ‘take all the time he needed’, so he stepped outside to the porch, leaned back against the railing, and punched Dean’s number into his cell phone. He didn’t even Dean a chance to say hello, just barrelled right on, ‘Dean, listen, I know I sounded like I wasn’t sure about the house yesterday, but I thought about it, and I talked to Charlie, and then came out for a second look today, and Dean it’s
March marked one year that Cas and Dean had been in the farmhouse. Dean brought home a giant bouquet of multicoloured daisies to mark the occasion, which Cas immediate put into a vase in the middle of their kitchen. They spent the rest of the evening together in Cas’s art studio, Cas working on one of the final paintings for Dick Roman, and Dean just sitting back, in awe of his dumb luck.
Jack started seventh grade the following month, and seemed to be adjusting to his only-child life just fine. It helped that Claire called home every weekend, and had added them all on Facebook, so they kept in touch as much as possible. Amara kept sniffing around the house, looking forlorn, and continued to sleep on Claire’s bed most nights like she had always done, but now she just seemed wistful, like she was missing Claire a lot. Dean felt like he could relate
. Like, ridiculously gorgeous. There’s so much space, and there’s a pond and apple trees in the backyard, plus that garage you like, and there’s a room in the back that could be an art studio for me, and the ceiling has these awesome exposed wood beams, and there’s butcher block counter tops, and it’s huge, and perfect, and the price is really affordable, and I love you, and I think we should do it.’
‘Ah,’ Dean said, looking embarrassed, ‘I got a little reckless, I guess. I thought... Well, I thought I was a goner, so I figured what the hell. Not like the money would do me any good after I kicked the bucket, so might as well spend it. I, uh, probably won’t be able to keep doing it, though, now that, you know, I’m not gonna... Peace out unexpectedly.’
Dean and Cas started talking more fervently about taking a trip with the kids, because they thought the break in routine might give the kids something to look forward to, and very possibly save Cas’s sanity. They debated whether it would be better to go to Cedar Point in Ohio, or go sightseeing in Nashville, Tennessee. (Dean asked if they should go wild and drive the fourteen hours to Mount Rushmore in South Dakota, but the glare Cas fixed him with at the idea of being cramped in the Impala for a fourteen hour ride with Claire and Jack, made him quickly take back the idea.)
‘Who even says ‘y’all’?’ Claire grumbled, but slouched over to the women’s shoes to look for boots, and Dean went to look at the boys’ shoes, mentally slapping himself for being so uncharacteristically nervous. He’d never been worried about whether a teenager liked him — even when he
Dean handed him the water, and watched Cas take a long gulp before saying, ‘You’re not dying, and I, ah, didn’t drink last night.’ Cas’s head popped up in surprise at that, though he immediately laid it back down on his arm with a moan of pain.
‘Because Andrea wanted horses, so they bought a place with a stable,’ Dean grumbled, sounding disgusted, ‘I don’t know, man, he’s stupid in love with her. Don’t know how you could love someone so much to wanna have, like, an hour commute every day.’
‘Of course,’ Cas told her, and she took off as quickly as she could trot in the heels she’d worn for graduation. Jack followed a moment later, saying he needed to get out of the button-up shirt he’d been coerced into for the ceremony.
March marked four years they’d been in their house, but even more exciting was that that was the month the college acceptance letters started rolling in. Patience was the first of Claire’s friends to hear back from her first choice — Princeton, the only one of the group to go Ivy — and she had gotten in. Shortly after Alex and Krissy got their letters from UVA and AI Seattle, respectively. Dean watched as Claire celebrated her friends’ good news, but with increasing anxiety as the month began to slip by without receiving word about her applications at all. Kaia heard back from her first choice, Ohio State, and the rest of the girls started getting letters from their second and third choices, even their safety schools.
which did nothing to soothe Dean’s foul mood, but at least he felt a bit better about indulging in what was easily the highlight of his day.)
between them per se, more like... Awkward. Stilted. They were both trying so hard, but failing to find common ground. Cas tried asking about her writing, but he would be the first to admit he didn’t grasp all those little nuances she peppered in (the perfect example being the first poem of hers that he’d heard where he thought it was simply about her feeling protective of Jack, and missing the implication of being in the Impala altogether). Claire tried asking about his art, but he could see her eyes glaze over when he’d describe various projects he was working on or considering. Still, they were both willing to try, so they continued to muddle on through, gritting their teeth, and choking on their best intentions.
before giving them each a kiss on the cheek in turn. This show of motherly affection actually made Cas a bit teary, and when Bobby shook Cas’s hand, and gave him a solid clap on the shoulder the same way he had done with Sam and Dean, it made him emotional all over again. Jack got Bobby to give him a fist bump, and Claire simply gave him an awkward wave from across the room with one hand.
‘But you’ve been so busy taking care of Bobby,’ Jack argued, and he too sounded like he was going to cry, ‘And then Jody would come over, and you guys would get really quiet and serious, and Claire heard you talking about us a bunch of nights after you went to bed. We figured maybe you realised you have too much going on, and needed to focus on your family.’
‘Claire?’ he called quietly, not wanting to startle her, ‘Is everything alright?’ He set the papers back down on his desk, and wandered over to the island, and began unpacking the groceries.
give up an easel or two for Jack to make his own, but that did mean he needed to start moving some of the larger prints out. He sighed, and went to go search for the roll of brown kraft paper he had shoved into one of the utility closets that had inevitably all become bullshit catch-alls, and then to try to track down the packing tape, which would almost certainly be in a completely separate location, because organisational logic just wasn’t his strong suit.
‘ ‘Our ten year old’,’ Dean repeated quietly, ‘So you really meant it, then? About moving forward with the adoption once we’re able?’
It was... Pretty bad. Dean fought the urge to bounce on the balls of his feel like a little kid as Gorgeous Barista crouched down, and sadly tried to collect some of the larger piece of broken glass.
methods.) Dean, being the consummate obnoxious older brother and shameless flirt that he was, had wasted no time making all sorts of comments and innuendos that would have been more appropriate coming from a thirteen year old, rather than a thirty-three year old. Unflustered, Jess had easily put him in his place with just a few blistering comebacks so perfect, that all Dean could do was stare in disbelief, then order a blushing Sam
Truth be told, Bobby didn’t look too great either. He looked pale and shaky, and was even more grumpy than usual. When Dean pulled him aside to ask if he wanted to go sit down in the back, Bobby started cursing a blue streak so impressive that if Dean was any less worried, he’d be taking notes. Throwing his hands up in mock surrender, he turned and called, ‘Fine, well just lemme know when you wanna start acting your age, old man,’ over his shoulder. He waited for Bobby’s inevitable scathing rebuttal, and when none came, he whipped around, and felt as though he’d suddenly forgotten how to breathe.
‘Too bad some asshole took out your wheels so you can’t drive yourself,’ Dean said with deadpan sympathy. Castiel rolled his eyes, but then Dean continued, ‘I meant it when I said I’d drive you anywhere you needed to go while the bike’s in the shop. I know you might not trust my driving after all this, but I swear, I haven’t even gotten a ticket in the last ten years, much less had an accident. My car’s my baby, same as your bike is yours.’
, because that can mean, like, a series of rapid changes, not just, like, the telescope thing, so, uhm... I hope you like it.’
‘Yeah, I know,’ she said, wrinkling her nose in disgust. ‘But this is a special occasion, and should be treated as such. I’m still your Best Everything, right?’
‘Hey, I was joking. I’m committed to the cause now,’ Dean protested lightly, ‘I just don’t know what the hell any of this says. I took French for half a minute in high school, and our French teacher also taught gym. All I remember is
Dean took a deep breath, and considered his words carefully, then said, ‘Well... No sale on parents, but ice cream is two for six bucks. Now, I don’t got parents either, but I can say for certain that Panda Paws is superior to Moose Tracks.’
she threw her hands up in the air, and asked, ‘So every single one of you assholes can swear but I can’t?! How is that fair?!’
Dean gets drunk and angry on the anniversary of his parents’ deaths. He is kind of a dick to Castiel.
‘Well are ya gonna open it?’ Dean asked impatiently, surprised at how on edge he, himself, felt, and it wasn’t even his letter.
‘When can we see him?’ Ellen asked, and it was the first time since his phone call to her this morning that Dean heard her voice shake.
Claire had dashed over to her friends as soon as she entered, and all four girls were very excitedly chattering. Cas noticed another girl in a long, black skirt a little ways away darting shy glances over at Claire as she laughed at something her friends said, and pushed a stray strand of hair behind her ear. He smiled to himself as he and Jack settled into a table that Jack picked out. Dean came over a moment later, carrying what appeared to be coffee for him and Cas, and hot chocolate for Jack.
Sam eyed him for a long moment, then it was as though all the fight drained right out of him, and he actually seemed to sag right in front of Castiel. He swallowed hard, and said, ‘Dean’s sick. Really sick. He, ah, was getting these headaches a few months ago, and by the time they were bad enough for him to get it checked out... Well, the doctor said the tumour was inoperable, and gave him a month. That was two months ago.’
Something inside Dean breaks — he might have said it was his heart, if he believed in that chick flick crap which, of course, he absolutely does not — so instead he says quietly, ‘You, Cas. Tonight, I need
‘Mr Winchester, I know this is difficult, but I’m going to ask you to please remain calm,’ the sheriff said, sounding firm but kind, and waited until she heard his breathing slow, and continued, ‘Mr Novak is being transported to Lake County Medical Center for injuries he sustained when the motorcycle he was riding appears to have struck a deer this morning. He was found unconscious at the scene by another driver who phoned the accident into emergency services.’
The evening started with Sam giving a teary-eyed speech about how proud and happy he was for his brother, and how much he wished John and Mary could have seen how amazing his life had turned out. He thanked Bobby and Ellen for raising them, and thanked Dean for raising
‘Wow, betrayal,’ Charlie said, clutching her heart dramatically, ‘I should leave you here on principle.’
Ignoring her snark, Dean said, voice quiet and sincere, ‘And just so you know... We’re in this for the long haul, kid. You and Jack — you’ll be here for longer than a few weeks, I promise. You’re stuck with us, even if you don’t like ice cream.’
‘Oh my god,’ Dean said before he could help it, his face now bright red. Gorgeous Barista, on the other hand, had a look of horror on his face, and he’d comically slapped his hand over mouth like he couldn’t believe what the hell he’d just said.
‘Hmmm, carry me then,’ Cas mumbled with a sleepy smile, and — not one to back down from a challenge — Dean shrugged, wiped his hands on a napkin, and scooped Cas up in a fireman’s carry all in a matter of seconds, making Cas shriek like a teenage girl, and start yelling to be put down.
Cas shifted uncomfortably, then cleared his throat and said, ‘Well, uh, I don’t know what Dean told you when he booked our appointments, but our- our daughter was recently in a car accident, and it wasn’t that bad — I mean, no one was hurt or anything — but it brought up some, uhm, memories for Dean and me. I was in a... A pretty bad accident a few years ago — I mean, it could have definitely been worse, I don’t wanna sound ungrateful, but I hit a deer on my motorcycle, and ended up breaking my femur, and a few other bones, and I was pretty messed up, you know, mentally after that.’ Cas sighed, and scrubbed his hands over his face and mumbled, ‘I know it must sound stupid, cos nothing
‘Well,’ Cas said hesitantly, and Dean could sense his nervousness just in that single word, ‘I was thinking maybe you would like to paint it. I have to do some work in here for a while, but if you’d like, you could sit in here and paint with me? I’d... Enjoy having some company.’
Benny had asked him to be best man, which he’d been honoured to accept, and as a result, he’d been charged with planning the bachelor party. Obviously this meant strippers, a party bus, and enough booze to sink a small ship, and raucous, fun debauchery had been had by all, including Dean, even though Cas, the bastard, had paid several of the ‘exotic dancers’ to give
‘Okay sir, let me see here,’ the woman said, quickly typing something into her computer, ‘Ah, Castiel Novak, yes, it appears he’s in surgery now. If you’ll take a seat, someone will be around to notify you once the surgery is complete.’
‘What are you talking about, I was a perfect angel,’ Dean protested, then took a deep breath, and said quietly, ‘You really think I can do it, Bobby? Raise those kids up right? I just... Like with what happened today, I just froze. What if something happens to one’a the kids and I don’t know what to do? What if I’m not enough?’
‘It’s not morning, it’s almost one o’clock,’ Cas sniped, but then said, ‘yes. Of course,’ in a softer voice, and led Dean over to one of the many empty booths.
‘Went to visit underground grandma?’ Dean supplied helpfully, ‘I did too for a second. Looks like I’m gonna be sticking around for awhile longer, though... Sorry to disappoint.’
‘I’m not okay,’ he said quietly, ‘But I will be. We saved the kid — and his mom — and that’s what matters. My shit is... Gonna be alright, I promise. I just need a minute to... Breathe, once it’s all over.’
Thankfully, within a few weeks, as Cas learned how to better navigate himself on the crutches, he regained much of his mobility, even with the brace, and as the pain and swelling began to subside, the whole embarrassing ‘potty stuff’ episode could be put behind them. Harder to overcome, however, were the nightmares Cas had been having of the accident. He would jerk awake, sometimes jarring his leg enough to make him cry out in pain, and Dean would wake up immediately, and rub soothing circles on Cas’s back, and whisper reassurances into Cas’s hair as his shoulder shook, and the pillow beneath his face grew damp.
It was with all this in mind that had Dean coming home from work early one Friday in September, and anxiously start preparing a nice dinner for the fam- for
‘Yeah, yeah, happy anniversary,’ Dean repeated, trying to sound put out, but he couldn’t hide his grin. ‘So how’s Scooby Doo and Marmaduke?’
Cas just cocks his head to the side in that infuriatingly endearing way of his, and said, ‘I am neither in a female vessel, nor a qualified pilot, Dean. I simply heard your prayer, then got in the room using the key I, ah, borrowed from the manager... Perhaps without her knowledge. As far as the warding goes — you missed the triple bar on that one there,’ he points to the one nearest the door, ‘So rather than keeping out celestial beings, you’ve merely expressed your displeasure with donkeys.’
Neither he, nor Dean felt much like talking on the drive back home. Dean dropped him back off at his apartment and gave him a kiss on the cheek, declining the offer to come inside, saying he had to get back to his place and call Benny and apologise for not showing up at the party. Cas nodded, and told Dean he’d talk to him later.
There wasn’t much more to be said after that, just more tears (from both of them), then a mad dash back into the house as the thunder rumbled and lightning flashed around them, and when a particularly aggressive strike resulted in the power going out, Dean simply found some of Cas’s fruity candles (that wasn’t him being homophobic — they literally smelled like fruit, he assured Cas) and lit them, placing them strategically around Cas’s art studio, until it was like they were in their own little bubble, safe and warm while the world outside raged around them.
His chest feels heavy, and he finds he’s been pressing the heel of his hand against his sternum in a self-soothing gesture to try to ease the ache and emptiness there. It’s been ages since he’s felt this... Empty. He feels like he might be standing on the edge of something dark and dangerous, something that lives
, terrified tears falling from her eyes. Bobby’s own eyes drifted closed, prompting Jo and Dean to start yelling all over again, but Garth again stepped in, calm and collected, checked Bobby’s pulse and breathing, then said he was going to start CPR until the ambulance arrived. He crouched down next to Bobby, intertwined his fingers, and started rhythmically pushing on his chest, and singing
!’ which brought all arguing and barking to a screeching halt. Dean took a deep breath, then continued, ‘I’m gonna need y’all to settle down, and we’re gonna try this again: what in the
‘Oh, could you?’ Claire asked hopefully. ‘I don’t want to hurt his feelings or anything, and you’re really good at this kind of thing, like with Jack and the baseball practice. We just- we don’t want Dean to think he’s not doing a good job, cos, like, we see he’s trying super hard. It’s just- like... Sometimes your way is kind of... Less overwhelming, if that makes sense?’
, especially considering Jack’s newfound love of painting as well. Cas would not only willingly, but
‘Who would have thought anyone would want to waste money on this crap?’ he asked in disbelief, as he and Benny wrapped the dragon back up with the drop cloths, and prepared to haul it back to the truck. Cas shook his head as he collected the few paintings he had remaining, and slipped carefully them into a fancy looking contraption that looked like a wooden briefcase.
Jack still looked unhappy, his body seeming to curl in on itself, and said quietly, ‘I’m pretty sure she’s dead. I’m sure Alpha killed her once he realised I ran away.’
a nightmare, but all too often long stretches of time just... disappeared, whether it was because of Bal being drugged up to his eyeballs to make him complacent, or being beaten to the point of unconsciousness, or being forced into those infernal false heats. Regardless, having some unknown terror skirting the edges of his awareness, but being unable to remember what caused its presence is so familiar it hurts, and makes Bal’s stomach churn unpleasantly.
Claire sighed, but walked over to the garage and punched 1-9-6-7 into the keypad. The garage door lifted to reveal a bright blue 2010 Chevy Cobalt with a ridiculous red bow on the hood, and a hand lettered poster that said
For Cas’s thirtieth birthday in August, Dean surprised him with several beautifully crafted beehives from a neighbour down the road named Cain, who had a lovely apiary in the back of his property. Cain had been one of the first neighbours to introduce himself when they’d moved in, and had presented them with a gift basket full of jars of honey, homemade beeswax candles, and beeswax lotion bars that he assured Cas with a wink that they were excellent for massages. Cas was immediately enthralled with Cain’s expertise and knowledge when it came to keeping the bees, and had eagerly accepted the invitation to come over to see the apiary once the weather broke. (Dean had graciously declined, stating he wanted to get some work done in his garage/workshop/man cave, but Cas knew it was definitely because of his lowkey phobia of bees. He’d shared the story of him and Sam getting stuck in his uncle’s attic one summer when they were younger with a very large, very angry hive of bees they’d accidentally upset, and the number of stings they’d sustained in all sorts of unpleasant places that made Cas cringe in sympathy, so he supposed he really couldn’t fault him.)
‘I’m not collared, though,’ Jack protested gloomily, ‘I’m just... Here. I’m not collared, I’m not registered, I’m not... Important. Not to anyone but Mom, and she’s-’
A million thank yous to everyone who has given my writing, especially this story, some love. I have fallen head over heels into this domestic little world for Dean and Cas, and it makes me happy that there are some folks who love it as much as I do.
‘Uhm... Well, I have a... Question, I guess?’ Claire started, nervously using her fork to move the eggs around her plate, ‘I, uh, have a kind of thing at school coming up, and I was just wondering if I could maybe, like, have some money to buy some new clothes? Like, not a lot, I can totally work on a budget, and I’ll pay you back, I promise, it’s just that it’s kind of a big deal, and I don’t really have anything good to wear.’
‘Keep ’em coming,’ Dean told him, and nodded towards Jack, who was now completely enthralled by Cas’s lecture. Cas’s own eyes widened, and he subtly aimed the spoon back towards Jack’s mouth, and dumped its contents inside. Jack nommed the mouthful happily, then turned back to Cas in a manner that could only be called expectant.
‘We did it,’ he murmured, giving Dean a kiss that was far too chaste in Dean’s opinion, but made both Claire and Jack complain. ‘We’re a family.’
Dean watched the two of them, his heart nearly full to bursting. He grabbed a washcloth, and used it to scrub down as much of the fallout from Jack’s lunch as he could, and turned back to Cas and said, ‘Hey, why don’t you go get changed, and let me put junior here down for a snooze, and meet me in our room?’
,’ Cas interrupted firmly, ‘I’m. Not. Arguing. You don’t have to convince me. I think it’s a great idea.’
Jody levelled him with a Look, and said ‘You know she’s turning twenty-five soon, right?’ and Dean was immensely grateful she didn’t give him a hard time about his language... Yet. He laughed again, though this time it felt far more genuine.
‘In motorcycle courses, before you get your license... They teach you how to crash. Just like when you learn to ride a horse, you have to learn how to fall, so if you ever
‘Thank god,’ Sam mumbled, and pulled Dean into one of his giant bear hugs, ‘I was so scared. I just... I can’t lose you, man. Not after Mom and Dad, and everything... You’re all I have left.’
‘You’ve got that right,’ he said grinning, ‘So was it the ‘any car made after 1990 is straight trash, and here’s an itemised list of reasons why’, the ‘GM vehicles are superior to all other makes’, or just endless comments among the lines of how Ford stands for ‘Found On Road Dead’?’
‘My son, Clive, was working his shift at Pirate Pete’s and called me down right away when the poor kid came stumbling out of the woods, half out of his mind, and buck naked,’ Sheriff Barker answered, looking sad, ‘He wanted to make sure I got to him before... Well, you know. No one’s called at all to report a runaway.’
For some reason, that seemed to make Cas sad, and Dean saw his eyes turn very bright for just a second, before he finally spoke and said, ‘I’m so very happy to have gotten to share this life with you, Dean. Every... Every moment of our time together has been a privilege.’
be turned into something tolerable, much less inhabitable, but Castiel had turned to him, eyes shining with excitement at the endless possibilities and potential he could see amidst the wreckage, and in the end, he’d been right. (Cassie
at finally being allowed to be so close. Dean closes his eyes, and breathes in the comforting smell of Cas, because he
far out Benny really lives, seein’ as we haven’t been able to find his goddamn house,’ Dean replied, the words coming out a little sharper than he probably intended, ‘I’m just sayin’... If this was somethin’ you wanted to do, I’d be in — all in. But if it’s too much too soon, then I’m cool with that too. It was just an idea... I don’t got big feelings about it either way.’
‘That’s what you get for driving a damn Toyo-’ Dean started, but Cas shut him right up with a goodbye kiss, then hesitated a moment.
And then it was the big day. Sam and Jess had flown in the night before, and were camping out at Bobby’s until the party, so Cas really not expected to be woken to the sound of his bedroom door being flung open, and someone singing, ‘Happy wedding day, bitches!’ in an absurdly cheery voice. Before he even had a chance to register what was happening, a moment later the blinds were ripped open, letting the bright, early morning sunlight in.
It’s far too soon when Cas stops again, but Dean does not die. Instead he opens his mouth to protest that he didn’t say another single word about God, angels, prophets, or anything even
‘Well, first of all — that would be an excellent way to get my fired, as I’m her boss, and second, we are both, unfortunately, the incorrect gender for each other to even be remotely interested, so...’ Castiel trailed off, suddenly very aware of what he had just said. He shifted uncomfortably, then asked, ‘Ah, well... I suppose you’d like your daily aneurysm-in-a-cup?’
Jack bit his lip for a minute then mumbled, ‘Butnoonehighfivesanymore,’ and folded his arms across his chest, drawing back from Dean’s high five even more.
Dean came up behind Cas, and slipped his arms around his waist, pulling him back a step so he could rest his chin on Cas’s shoulder. ‘Fist bump,’ he murmured in Cas’s ear, letting go of Cas with his right hand and raising his a fist in front of Cas’s chest. ‘You’re doing great with him, sweetheart.’
‘I know, babe-’ Cas said soothingly, but Dean just barrelled on, knowing if he didn’t get the words out now, or he never would.
. He... He’s basically like a friggin’ kitten in a trench coat. He wears socks with honey bees on them, and reads poetry, and drinks this disgusting chamomile tea, because if he has coffee after six PM, he can’t fall asleep, and... And... And he drives a freaking hybrid car — oh, sorry, you probably don’t know about those — that’s a car that can run on electricity as well as gas, and you plug it in to charge like a freaking
proud of you, Claire,’ he said, and there was a waver in his voice as well. ‘You got in, kid; you did it.’
Dean found this endlessly ironic, but didn’t bother making the point, as he just wanted them to leave, so he merely nodded, and watched them exit the room. He turned back to Jack, who was still in exactly the same position, and — in a move he hadn’t done in years, but knew he would never forget — sank gracefully to his knees, rearranging himself until they were shoulder width apart, rested his hands lightly on his thighs, and just took a few slow, steadying breaths, trying to exude calmness and kindness into his scent.
The house had certainly seen better days — the large wrap around porch had several weak spots, and was missing more than a few spindles from the railings, and the white paint was peeling up off the siding, but the house itself was beautiful. It was enormous, with huge bay windows in the front, and when they walked around the back, Dean’s mouth fell open when he saw the enormous four car garage.
for whipping this hot mess into shape. (2015 was written mostly without her eagle eye, though, because time zones are a thing, so any mistakes you find towards the end are 100% mine.)
how to crash, but that morning... It was like I’d never been on a bike before. I saw the fucking deer a second before I hit it — or it hit me, rather — and after that, all I could think was
Bobby and Ellen sat across from each other in the very middle of the group, Jo and Claire sitting on either side of Ellen, and Sam and Jack sitting on either side of Bobby. Cas had never known a parents’ unconditional love until he’d met the Singer-Harvelles, had never known what he was missing out on. He’d never understood the strength of the bond between siblings until he’d seen Sam and Dean together, two brothers who’d persevered, and never given up on each other, no matter what.
‘Do what?’ Dean asked, confused, ‘Keep you and your brother together? Cos I know after I lost my parents, I wouldn’ta survived without my little brother, Sammy. When Jody said that was a possibility for you guys, Cas and I knew we couldn’t let that happen.’
about to plug his phone in to charge when the screen lights up, and a ridiculous photo of Cassie appears.
‘So, Jack has fallen truly, madly, deeply for that little terrier,’ Cas said cautiously, ‘I know we said this was just to look around, but... Well... He’s really freakin’ cute, Dean. And he’s just a little guy, I mean, how much trouble could he possibly be?’
Cas laughed, remembering the title she’d given herself at their civil union celebration. ‘Always and forever, my queen,’ he said seriously, and gave her a kiss on the cheek. ‘You’re the best Best Everything a guy could ever hope for.’
. Cas glares up at him, and after regarding Dean’s bemused expression, says, ‘If you wish for me to stop fellating you, you can simply say so. You needn’t bring prophets into it.’
‘Ya did enough just by being there, kid,’ Bobby said, and that was really all it took to break Dean the rest of the way, and he dug the heels of his hands into his eyes until he saw stars, and the urge to bawl like a bitch disappeared.
He returned home about half an hour later, sweaty, but triumphant. Dean was there waiting, leaning back on the now fully restored Impala, looking only the tiniest bit anxious. He looked up and smiled when he saw Cas pull back into their driveway.
‘No one is ever gonna call you those other names again,’ Dean growled vehemently, startling himself at how much he sounded like Cas, the memory of the badass big brother who’d beaten up more than his fair share of bullies who’d dared mess with Sammy when they were younger coming back full force. ‘No one is going to hurt you like that
‘I can drive you home,’ Dean offered quickly, jumping on the opportunity before Charlie had a chance to counter, ‘Benny and I drove separately, so I just gotta help him take the dragon back to the shop first. Unless,’ he said, struck by sudden inspiration, ‘You’d wanna take it off my hands for me, Charlie. Think about it... We could just swap passengers.’
He’d since told Cas the story — of how they’d been hit by a drunk driver not even a mile from his childhood home in Lawrence, Kansas, of how it had been touch and go for days, both of his parents hovering between life and death on life support with no sign of improvement, and finally, how they’d made the call to remove them both from the ventilators after several days of no brain activity. Dean had sat with both of them as they breathed their last breaths — Mary went first, and John followed hours later, and then just like that, he and Sam were orphans. They would have been put directly into foster care, had Bobby not swooped in and taken them in, despite having married Ellen only three years prior, and having ten year old Jo to worry about raising as well.
Cas and Dean both snorted, and Cas said, ‘We know that place very well. Well, Claire, we’d be honoured to attend if you’d like us to.’
‘I ain’t going nowhere,’ Bobby said gruffly, ‘Gotta stick around for you ’n Cas to adopt them kids, so I can pull the honorary grandpa card and send ’em back to you all sugared up as payback for all those shenanigans you pulled growing up.’
The training course ended up being exactly what Cas needed to feel comfortable on a motorcycle again. The trainers provided bikes and helmets, and Cas couldn’t help but stare greedily at Dean sitting astride the motorcycle. Catching his eye, Dean merely winked, then turned his attention back to the instructor. It made Cas want to revisit their whole ‘bitch seat’ talk all over again.
Unfortunately, the day inevitably came, and too quickly. It had only been ten days, rather than the quoted fourteen, and Dean seriously contemplated delaying telling Cas the job was done, just to squeeze out those last few mornings, but knew if it had been him waiting to get the Impala back, he would want her back as soon as possibly, so the next morning when he picked Cas up, he deliberately placed Cas’s keys in the passenger seat. When Cas got in and saw them, his whole face lit up.
Cas coughed again, so Dean put another ice chip into his mouth, and after it melted, he said, ‘Not your. Fault... Fucking. Deer... Shouldn’ta. Taken Bal. Out of hibernation.’
Dean nodded, and let Benny lead him to the Impala. He climbed into the passenger seat, barely noticing as Benny started her up, and began driving in the direction of Lake County Medical Center. Dean thought back to the last time he’d been there, when Cas was in his accident, and how Bobby had shown up for him. He shut that train of thought down immediately, knowing if he continued down it, he would completely fall apart.
Dean was about to show him where he could put his wet socks when Jack’s eyes got very wide as he got his first good look at Cas’s art studio in the back of the house. Seeming to forget that Dean was even standing there, Jack took a timid step inside, staring in wonder at the many canvases Cas had propped up on every conceivable surface, in various states of completion. He ran his fingers lightly over the paint splattered surface of the rustic style desk Dean had built Cas that ran the length of the room, a tiny smile creeping onto his small face.
, which was the song John used to play for Dean and Sam when they were young, and he would sweep Mary up in his arms, and dance her around the kitchen, ending with a theatrical, and frankly hilarious dip at the end of the song — a move which Dean mimicked then, and thankfully didn’t drop his newly minted partner on his head, for which he was very proud.
‘ ‘Pretty women’, is that so?’ Cas asked, raising an eyebrow, then lowered his voice, and leaned close enough to murmur in Dean’s ear, ‘
and so on, which didn’t do much to lessen the feeling of surreality he was experiencing. He and Cas sad down at one of the long tables in front of the judge, Claire and Jack sitting between them, all four of them looking both anxious and excited.
Dean settled in as best he could, and said quietly, ‘I just wanted to say I’m sorry. For snapping at you in the shop. I didn’t mean to sound like such a dick, and you didn’t deserve it.’
Claire just grunted in acknowledgment, and Dean braced himself for some sort of pushback, but when they got to the bottom of the stairs, she merely sat down and shoved her feet into her sneakers, and then swung her coat around her shoulders.
Dean hadn’t called yet, even though he knew Cas wasn’t working that day, and Cas was too nervous to call him, until he had a better idea of what to say, so instead he sat at his desk, and idly started sketching out ideas for his next few projects. When an appropriate amount of time had passed, he hopped back in his car, and headed back to the farmhouse. The realtor smiled when she saw him, reminding him a bit of a piranha, and extended a perfectly manicured hand.
He came up to the bar a few towns over, almost by accident, but decided to stop in for just one drink before turning back around for the long ride home. He carried his helmet under his arm, and took a seat at the bar, waiting to catch the bartender’s eye.
‘Look at me,’ Cas murmurs, and it hits Dean’s ear as somewhere between and order and a plea. He forces himself to meet Cas’s eyes, and Cas holds his gaze steady for a long moment, and says deliberately, ‘I have seen beauty, and majesty, and miracles, and the divine, and while you are surely all of those things, today, in this moment, in our home — in our
That, Dean understood all too well, and said, ‘You don’t owe me anything. Though if you wanna make up for the rigamarole this afternoon, how ’bout you tell Cas you were
‘Solid choice, kid,’ he remarked, and Jack made a vague humming noise in acknowledgement, not looking away from the screen for a second. Dean grabbed the other chair, and scooted it closer to Kelly’s bed so he wasn’t blocking the screen anymore.
‘No,’ Dean interrupted so furiously that Cas flinched hard, causing him to wince painfully as he jolted his many injuries, which only made Dean feel like a bigger piece of shit. ‘Don’t you dare apologise to me. Not for that. Not ever, you hear me? You didn’t do a goddamn thing wrong, and if it wasn’t for me acting like a fucking asshole, you wouldn’t be in this... Fucking... Goddamnit Cas, I thought- when I got that call today...’
‘I can’t,’ Cas says, voice breaking, ‘I’m sorry. I can’t- I can’t stay here with you, Dean. I can’t just pretend that what just transpired means nothing, when it’s-’
okay, and Cas’s minor concern was now working itself up to genuine worry. This must have shown on his face, because Claire sighed again, and shifted uncomfortably for a moment, then said, ‘It’s just that, uh... Dean cares an awful lot about cars, doesn’t he? Like... A
Dean had suspected as much, after hearing the details of Jack’s story, but it didn’t stop the feeling of the wind being knocked out of him when he heard the words. ‘You are so very brave for telling me all this, Jack,’ Dean said, and now, more than ever before, he understood the full magnitude of what those words had meant when Cas murmured them to him all those years ago, when all he could see was his own failures and shortcomings. ‘We’re going to help you — and your Mom, I promise.’
, Cas,’ Dean says, momentarily stung, ‘How can you- What the fuck, man? How can you say it meant...’
Cas heard a rumble from the street, and peered down at the end of the driveway, and saw a tow truck beginning to back into their driveway. He ushered the girls inside, and instructed Claire to make a hot drink for her and Kaia, then went to meet the tow truck.
Cas laughed, and got to work helping Charlie and her girlfriend, Dorothy, set up the drinks and appetisers (which Jack and Jesse had
Charlie took the spot next to Jo, her head resting on Dorothy’s shoulder. As Cas watched, Dorothy leaned over and gave her a kiss on the cheek. Cas and Charlie had been best friends for going on ten years... And he’d never seen her so happy or in love. They’d started their weekly movie night tradition all those years ago, because they realised that being single and alone
Cas just stared at him, head cocked to the side for so long that Dean was almost going to snap at him to pay attention to the road, when he finally said, ‘Do you mean, do I wish for a wedding?’ in a very low, and shaky voice.
, and turned back to the his work. Dean couldn’t help the dumbass smile that took over his whole face as he made his way back to the Impala, and fired her up. Though he knew there was no way he could, in good conscience, pursue anything with Gorgeous Barista, there was no reason why he couldn’t have a moment of normalcy before... Before.
If Dean had thought he’d felt some kind of way in June, watching Claire cross the stage at graduation, that was nothing compared to what he felt as he, Cas, and Jack drove away from the BGSU campus, leaving Claire behind. They’d all driven out together — Claire and Cas in Claire’s car, Dean and Jack in the Impala — then helped her get settled into her tiny dorm room, and then it was time for them to say their goodbyes. Claire walked them out to the parking lot, and hugged each of them in turn, then stood there waving as they drove away until they finally lost sight of one another.
Gorgeous Barista was looking especially... Gorgeous, that particular morning. Under the black apron with the shops name embroidered on the chest, he had on the blue and black plaid button-up shirt that Dean loved because it made his eyes seem... Sharp — almost intimidating — like they could pierce right through Dean’s very skin, and see what he was made of from a cellular level. Dean’s chosen media for his art was sculpture, not painting, but he found himself wondering idly how hard it would be to replicate that exact, lovely shade of blue. Too hard, most likely.
Dean appeared just then, thankfully, looking every bit as gorgeous in his work uniform as Castiel had imagined. It took everything in him to not lick his lips like a damn creep as he took in the whole picture — down to where Dean’s name was embroidered over his right breast pocket.
He didn’t want to open his eyes, and see nothing again, but he knew he had to bite the bullet sooner or later, so with a groan, he forced himself to sit up, leaning back against his headboard, and opened his eyes.
That shut Sam up just like he’d known it would, and Dean welcomed the silence. Every part of him was aching or malfunctioning in some way, but he tried with everything he had to walk as steadily as he could into the shop when Sam dropped him off at the door.
‘Hey, sweetheart,’ he said softly, giving Cas’s shoulder a little shake. ‘Hey there, Castiel... Time to get up.’
As far as meet-cutes go, Castiel supposed theirs was nothing that original — a fact he would later find ironic, given both their aptitudes for creating a spectacle. Given that he had a head full of magic, and saw galaxies every time he closed his eyes, he’d really always assumed he’d meet The One in a dreamy, outlandish, epic sort of way. The kind of first encounter that inspired love ballads, or Netflix specials... That kind of thing.
a pretty badass, bougie name), though Bobby checked in every day, and his wife, Ellen, had been by three times with Tupperware containers full of homemade soup that went woefully untouched.
when Dean and Cas had called her for an update on how Jack was fitting in. Ms Milton had just laughed, when Cas choked out an apology, and said she didn’t mind their shenanigans at all, which was surprising, but welcome.)
Cas insisted) a dozen chicks from a local farmer, and then suddenly they were the weird couple raising chickens, because
‘You know I do,’ Dean said seriously, ‘Did you ever think life could look like this? Don’t think I could have ever even imagined anything this... Happy, ya know?
‘I know,’ Castiel replied with a sigh, ‘I know I’m acting like an overgrown version of my emo teen years, it’s just... Well, you know, Charlie, it’s hard to find someone you connect with. And I just feel like an idiot for making him so uncomfortable he doesn’t even want to come in the shop anymore. Like... How badly do you have to hate someone to give up coffee? Especially one you put four shots of espresso into.’
‘Dad’s not doing too great,’ Jo whispered to Dean, careful to keep her voice low, ‘He said he woke up with bad heartburn, and feelin’ like he was gonna puke, but try getting the old man to take a damn day off. Said he couldn’t trust us not to run the business into the ground, and insisted on coming in.’
‘I could look into getting you one of those ass-wiping wands they make for the old folks,’ Dean offered helpfully one day, though the bathroom door that Cas slammed in face, ‘Or install a bidet. I mean, cultured guy like you, you oughta love having a butt fountain.’
‘Hi,’ Dean said again, grinning shyly, ‘So, uh, Cas, I know last time I was a real ass about it, but... Are you still going to that art festival? It should be coming up pretty soon, right?’
Dean decided his thirty-fifth birthday might just be the best one yet. (Cas reminded him he said that every year they’d been together, and Dean argued that he meant it every time; Cas just kept outdoing himself every year.) This year, the kids and their various counterparts had gotten together to cook him a birthday dinner, complete with a lopsided chocolate cake with ‘HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAN’ carefully piped on top. It had been awesome — they’d actually decided to try their hand at making
In a different life, a different timeline, Dean might have been a firefighter. Or a mechanic. Or a bartender. Or a friggin’ cowboy, who even knows.
‘I didn’t drive all the way here for a ‘booty call’, Dean,’ Cas says, all exasperation and finger quotes and unfairly blue eyes, ‘I’m here to bring you home.’
Sam Skyped in from California, and introduced them to his roommate, Brady, and Brady’s friend, Jessica, that Sam was spending Christmas with. He’d just laughed when Dean mentioned feeling sorry Sam wasn’t able to be with them, and had said ‘it’s okay. I’m pretty happy here on the Island of Misfit Toys, believe it or not’, which Cas and Dean both speculated afterwards translated to ‘glad to be hanging out with Jessica’, as they’d both seen the way Sam looked at her when she wasn’t paying attention.
the house on fire, when they’d started conducting science experiments with Cas’s candle collection. The boys had been appropriately abashed, though Cas could see why Jack’s teacher, Ms Milton, had affectionately referred to the boys as
‘Nothin’ stupid about this at all, buddy,’ Cole assured him quietly. ‘Sounds to me like you’ve got a touch of post-traumatic stress disorder from your accident — happens all the time following a big upset like what you had — and when your daughter got in
when I said I’d changed my major from business to art,’ he let out a shuddering breath, and continued, ‘And Ian? He was someone I knew in college, before I became estranged from my family, and... We did not part on the best of terms. I walked away from my parents’ money, and he walked away from me. You, on the other hand? You have always seen me — all of me — and chosen, for whatever reason, to stay by my side. Please... Keep choosing me. You’re the only one who ever has.’
Dean’s stomach turns to ice. It must show on his face, because he finds himself unable to speak, his brain turned to complete static.
‘I totally get where you’re coming from,’ Cas told her earnestly. ‘If you’d like, maybe I can say something to him? Maybe suggest that a noisy environment might be too distracting for a new driver?’
‘I just need you to sign off on the invoice for the repair, saying everything looks good, and all that,’ Dean explained, and started pointing out various repairs he had made on the list of work done, some of which Castiel even understood. He signed at the bottom with a flourish, and climbed back off the motorcycle so he could hand the clipboard back to Dean and shake his hand.
‘Fine, you win, Castiel,’ Dean spat coldly, ‘You want the bottle? Have the fucking bottle,’ he said as he whipped it across the garage, missing where Balthazar was parked in the last bay by mere inches. Glass and whiskey exploded everywhere when the bottle hit the wall, and Dean just watched the amber liquid drip down the wall onto his workbench and tool boxes, and muttered, ‘I’m going to fucking bed,’ already feeling ashamed, like a child who’d just thrown a temper tantrum, but unwilling to stay there a minute longer and face the consequences of his actions.
‘Well seeing the fit you’re having when we try to appreciate your art, can ya blame us, boy?’ he asked with a snort.
Dean said nothing about wiping or wands, but was full of comments and compliments about Cas’s ass — as Cas should have expected, in all honesty.
‘That’s amazing!’ Jack exclaimed happily, ‘So cool — it doesn’t look babyish at all! That’s really good. What colour are you going to paint it?’
‘Oh,’ Cas breathed, sinking to his knees in front of the bike, and running his fingers over the expertly repainted black fenders and gas tank, ‘Oh Bal, hey there, baby. There you are...’ He turned his head up towards Dean, eyes wide and wet. Dean crouched down in front of Cas, and took both Cas’s hands in his own.
bad, like- uh, I mean... Nothing,’ Jesse hurriedly cut himself off, and gave Dean and Cas a look of angelic innocence, which made them both snort.
. Tape and I just don’t get along,’ and passed the roll of tape off to Jack, and held the paper in place as Jack carefully handed him small sections of tape one at a time, which actually did end up speeding up the process quite a bit. Together, they wrapped the remaining four paintings, and then Cas and Dean carried them one at a time, and slid them into the back of Cas’s RAV after he’d folded the back seat down. They carefully stacked each one with foam blocks from Dean’s garage in between to keep them from rubbing against each other.
So, needless to say, the sound of a muscle car rumbling into the parking lot that morning at 06:45 as if nothing had changed, was nearly enough to knock him off his feet. When he heard the bell over the door jangle a few moments later, and saw Dean walk in, looking shy, but healthy and whole, Castiel had to actually grab the counter to steady himself. Unthinkingly, he stepped out from behind the counter, and went over to Dean, feeling as though he might be sleepwalking.
Dean was never a man who’d expected to be loved, find love, or even really give it more than just a few passing wistful thoughts that he would immediately shove into some far distant corner of his mind, because for his entire life, he’d been running, fighting, or facing down certain death. He wasn’t one who’d imagined ever finding peace — he’d figured he’d die young and bloody, but hopefully doing something that mattered. But somehow, beyond his wildest dreams, he’s still here. And so is Cas. And somehow... Cas...
He and Dean hadn’t discussed his wine-drunk ramblings again, but he felt a special sort of happiness that came from the security in knowing that they were clearly on the same page when it came to their intentions for Claire and Jack. Cas... Had never wanted to be a father, given that his own relationship with his parents was, well, what it was. He wandered over to the living room, and sat below the daisy mural he had painted on his and Dean’s first anniversary, and pondered if (and it was a big
The pain from this realisation was nearly incapacitating; for a moment, Cas found it hard to breathe.
‘Aw, he’s ready already?’ he asked, and Dean noticed the tiniest flicker of disappointment twitch in his lips as he said the words.
‘Heya, Cas,’ Dean greeted him, pulling a rag from his back pocket to wipe his hands on, in a move that was far too sexy to be allowed, ‘Ready to come take a look at him?’
Dean was absolutely miserable. It was a bad day, to top off what had been a solid two weeks of bad days. He’d known it was coming — the day when the scale tipped from
‘You got it, chief,’ Dean agreed, and followed Asa back out to the customer service desk, and once they were out of earshot said, ‘Thanks for cutting us a break, man. She really is a good kid, just going through a hard time.’ He pulled out his license for Asa to copy the information off of.
‘I also speak German, Russian, and Spanish,’ Cas added helpfully, eyes twinkling. Dean’s mouth fell open, and he groaned again.
‘Yes?’ Jack asked, like he didn’t understand why this was being asked of him. Dean realised, with a sick swooping feeling in his stomach,
been squirrelling away), then the next thing he knew, there was a loud ruckus as Bobby, Ellen, Jo, Sam, and Jess all came up the driveway, as awestruck as Cas had been to see Charlie’s transformation of their backyard. Cas eagerly went to say hello, and was immediately enveloped in hugs and congratulations.
known safety, and sometimes he shrugs it off, because life sucks, then you die, and sometimes he rages, because — quite frankly, he’s entitled.
‘Oh, you artists. So deep. So morose,’ Charlie sighed dramatically, ‘Dean, you should come with us to the Wild Angels festival at the end of next month. It’s awesome — tons of art, and music, and food, and the proceeds go to the Trevor Project, so, like, yay supporting LGBT youth, right? It’s gonna be rad.’
He found himself being gently shaken awake by Ellen a while later, just in time to catch Jo lowering her phone that she had clearly just been taking a photo of him on. He glared up at her, trying to get his bearings, managing to mumble sleepily, ‘How’s he doing?’
‘How can you afford to do that every time you come in here?’ Castiel asked as they stepped aside so the next customer could order, ‘Not to mention, you just about gave Kevin a heart attack the last time you were in here... It ended up being almost three hundred dollars you put in that jar.’
‘Heya Cas,’ Dean replied, looking bashful, ‘Listen, I’m sorry about all that ruckus the last time I was here. I was... Not doing so hot.’
‘Hmm, maybe,’ Dean said thoughtfully. ‘Though there’s something to be said about the idea of riding in the bitch seat behind a hot as hell biker.’
And then finally, it was September. The summer seemed to have flown by, and Cas especially seemed dismayed at the quick passing of time. He would occasionally become quiet and withdrawn, and all Dean could do on those nights would be hold him tight, and wait for the storm to pass. The rest of the time, Cas was nothing if not very much engaged and in love with the chaos of their daily life.
a teenager, and here he was, acting like he was running for student body president. He shook his head, and grabbed a pair of navy rain boots in Jack’s size, and a pair of red and black sneakers for good measure, since the ones he had back at the house definitely looked as though they had seen better days.
, Charlie was watching Castiel more closely than the screen. She scooted closer to him, and punched him lightly in the arm.
Dean and Cas took a break mid-afternoon, to stroll around the rest of the festival, shoulder to shoulder, taking in everything there was to see. Each tent had something new and beautiful, but Dean’s favourite was getting to watch Cas’s eyes light up when something special captured his attention. Cas purchased a sun-catcher of bees, and flowers, made from bright, vibrant colours in an intricate hexagon pattern, and a set of intricate hand carved wood flowers for Charlie.
‘Aw, you can just have it,’ Dean mumbled, looking embarrassed, ‘It’s just a stupid thing I threw together.’
‘I love you,’ Dean says, and the words feel strange as they tumble from his mouth, so he tries again, frowning, ‘I... Love you. I love... You?’
Cas stared, blinking owlishly, like he wasn’t sure if he’d actually just heard what Dean had just said. ‘But... But you’re not an
He missed his early mornings with Charlie and Kevin at the coffeehouse, but there was no denying how validating it was that he was now being paid to do his second favourite thing in the world. (The first time he’d said this, he had initially said ‘favourite thing’, but Dean pouted like a child, and insisted ‘doing Dean’ should be first on the list, which made Cas roll his eyes, but he genuinely couldn’t disagree.)
‘Good ride, sweetheart?’ Dean called once Cas was in earshot, walking over to meet him as he killed the engine.
will still exist, and carry with me the burden of what it means to have loved and lost you. So you get your last memory, and I get mine... I thought I could give it to you, but I... I think I have to go.’ Cas
There were a few customers ahead of him, so he waited patiently, hands jammed into the pockets of his green canvas jacket, until
Bal groans, thinking that he should probably go check on them before leaving for the day, but as if he read his mind, Kevin interrupts and says, ‘Mr N- I mean, uh,
‘Yeah, whatever,’ she mumbled, embarrassed, ‘It’s from me and Jack. Didn’t know what else to get you aside from old cars and old bands.’
‘I’m just saying, it might be nice...’ Cas replied mildly, ‘Let’s not say ‘no’, let’s say... ‘We’ll think about it’, okay?’
‘Nope, ya done put the idea in my head now,’ Dean grunted, and stomped his feet into the rubber boots he kept by the back door for when he had to run out and tend to the chickens, ‘Ya got only yourself to blame.’
‘It sounds like he’s not going to get the chance to tell that story,’ Castiel said quietly, ‘Please, Sam. What’s going on? I... I only got to know your brother briefly, but I do care about him. Very much.’
the one who thought I was going to mess this all up, cos I’m weird and awkward around Claire. But turns out, she thinks we’re both doing just fine, ’long as you stop with the motor lectures.’
Before they knew it, the calendar turned to May, and Claire was home, officially done with her first year at college. With only weeks to go until the wedding, she and Charlie spent almost every waking moment plotting... Whatever it was they were plotting. They’d extended their network to include Jack, Jesse, and Kaia (who had also returned from successfully completing her freshman year at Ohio State), and Cas would watch in amusement as the four kids would instantly hush up whenever he walked by whatever room they were in, then resume their chatter as soon as he was gone.
‘I’ll put you in the ‘bitch seat’ any day of the week,’ Cas shot back without missing a beat, which, of course, resulted in more raunchy banter, and them dashing inside and through the dark house to their bedroom as quietly as they could, so as not to wake and subsequently traumatise the kids.
‘Oh my god,’ Gorgeous Barista said, echoing Dean’s earlier reaction, right down to the bright red ears.
It took a moment for Cas’s face to go from curiosity to interest to recognition to horror, and during that time, Dean felt as though his heart was in his throat. Cas frowned, and muttered, ‘what the actual-’ but was cut off by the approach of a man several inches shorter than Cas with artfully tousled brown hair, and one of those intentionally scruffy goatee type beards. He was somehow dressed in a blue and navy checkered shirt, and tailored grey waistcoat, and Dean was just wondering how he’d gotten around the strict dress code, when Cas gasped, ‘
It took a little bit longer to calm Cas down enough for Dean to suggest going to bed, but he insisted he was too gross, so Dean helped him into their shower, retroactively grateful that they’d had the foresight to have it be a separate amenity from the tub, and with a built in shower seat, which he deposited Cas on. He adjusted the temperature then told Cas he’d be in in a second, after he cleaned up some of the mess on the floor.
want us, like want to be... A family or whatever. Not just... Hanging out, or not, like, until one of us messes up, or does something to make you mad, but like... Like a real family? Like we had before? Even though we’re not... Yours?’
‘Is that one for Grandpa John and Grandma Mary?’ he asked, and the lump in Dean’s throat grew, making him unable to speak, so he just nodded. Jack huddled in close to Dean’s side for a few moments, then let himself be led away when Dean was finally ready to go.
Hannah stood up, and in a strong, clear voice introduced herself, and announced to the judge the reason for their presence. Just the words
There was a surprisingly brief amount of chitchat with Garth — normally he would talk anyone’s ear off, but Cas thought maybe he had picked up on how anxious Cas was to get back inside with the girls — then Garth climbed back into the cab of the tow truck, and with a salute and a wave, he was off.
Jody looked up at Dean at Jack’s words, her mouth half open to presumably ask for clarification, but Dean gave a slight shake of his head, and jerked his head towards the door. Jody nodded, and stood, her knees giving considerably less protest than Dean’s had, which he internally grumbled about.
There were several wooden picnic tables lined up end to end creating one long table, with more of the rainbow daisies, and another one off to the side with a beautiful two tiered wedding cake atop it. When Cas got closer, he realised the wedding topper was a small model of the Impala, complete with a cluster of cans trailing behind it, and a sign proclaiming ‘JUST MARRIED’ in the back window. Fairy lights were strung over every conceivable surface — it was too bright to fully appreciate them now, but Cas was sure they would be stunning once the sun set.
outta touch with what kids are saying? You still think I’m cool, right?’ Cas had merely laughed, and said, ‘I don’t know babe, but I’m Audi 5000,’ which ended up starting a riff off of all the ridiculous 80s and 90s sayings they could remember. This, of course, made Jack laugh hysterically, and Claire die of embarrassment, so Dean simply told them to ‘talk to the hand, cos the face ain’t listenin’ ’, prompting Claire to send
‘Sure,’ Cas agreed, and they quickly made the rounds and said their goodbyes, saving the happy couple for last, and promising to have them over soon for dinner once they got back from their honeymoon.
He spent the rest of the evening surrounded by good friends (the whole crew from the garage was there, even Bobby and Ellen, so it was more like a family reunion), good music (Benny had let Dean pick the DJ, so none of that bubblegum pop bullshit), and good food (there was something about wedding cake that made it far superior to all other forms of cake). He danced with Cas, then Meg, then Jo, then Ellen, then somehow Garth, and even Benny, before circling back around, and taking Cas into his arms just in time for a cheesy Celine Dion song to come on. (He’d have to have words with the DJ... Maybe once the song was over, and Cas’s head wasn’t tucked so perfectly into the crook of his neck.)
like the fallout. Same with Castiel... He’s been an over caffeinated mess all morning, but probably just cos he’s been dying to catch a glimpse of Dean in a pair of dirty coveralls.’
Through a grateful client of Castiel’s, they’d been gifted with an invitation to a black tie showcase event at one of the prominent museums in the area. Dean had never heard of the artist — some dude called Ishim — but the whole thing sounded stuffy and uncomfortable. However, Cas had seemed so honoured to be included on the guest list, plus it was an excuse to see him in a tux, so Dean went along, however begrudgingly. Cas gave him one of his looks that somehow managed to be both soft and heated at the same time, with a promise to ‘make it worth Dean’s while’ that Dean had no doubt he would make good on.
Dean would have undoubtedly said if he’d been in his right mind, if his grumbling during their week and a half of early morning commutes was anything to go by.)
Claire gave him her signature eyeroll, but then said, ‘Awesome, thanks Cas!’ She dashed over to the counter, and grabbed Dean’s keys, then pulled Kaia out the door so quickly she barely had time to call ‘thanks Mr Winchester!’ over her shoulder before the door slammed behind her.
Dean was about to roll his eyes, when he caught sight of Jack, who had stopped his monster mashing, and was watching his other father with wide, interested eyes. Dean bit back a grin, and said, ‘Oh yeah? What else?’
‘And what if another card is found tomorrow? Or the day after?’ Cas asks quietly, a stark difference from the heat with which he spoke minutes ago, ‘I’ve never known you to be a quitter or a coward, Dean Winchester. You of all people should know — together, we have
Even more surprising was how easily Claire had settled into the tenth grade. Cas knew it was immensely harder to be ‘the new kid’ in high school, but she’d taken to it with a cautious sort of enthusiasm once she’d realised Dean and Cas meant it when they said they wouldn’t send her and Jack back into the foster system at the first sign of trouble. She’d even fallen in with a group of friends of her own — three girls, named Krissy, Alex, and Patience, who shared her disdain of ‘the preps’, and had convinced her to join their school’s monthly literary magazine with them. From that moment forward, Claire would very rarely be seen without her journal, pen tucked in her pocket, or behind her ear, or twisted up in her hair, looking every bit like she was planning on writing the next great American novel. Dean and Cas were thrilled she’d found a way to express herself that
‘Hey babe,’ Cas greeted him, handing him a dish towel to dry his hands on. ‘Thanks for doing the grocery shopping. It was starting to look like Old Mother Hubbard’s cupboard over here.’
perfect, too idyllic. For the first time, he felt excitement bubbling up in his stomach, and he eagerly followed Joyce around the rest of the first floor, taking in the back sunroom, separated by a set of French doors that could easily be converted into an art studio, that connected to the gorgeous first floor master bedroom.
‘You say that every year,’ Cas reminded him with a kiss on the cheek, then getting up to start putting the dishes from dinner away.
‘Still don’t know why,’ Dean grumbled, having experienced more than his fair share of stings. He still had nightmares about that case he and Sam had worked years ago, where they’d been trapped in an attack with thousands upon thousands of the little fuckers.
‘Thanks, Bal,’ Dean muttered, still slightly embarrassed, but then waved a hand vaguely in Balthazar’s direction, and said to Cas, ‘See?
It seemed as though Dean had barely heard a word he’d said, as he continued to stride forward, apparently with singular focus. Only when Cas stepped into his path and put a hand on Dean’s chest, did Dean pause to look at him, shaking his head slightly as if he’d only just noticed Cas was there.
Dean rolled his eyes and was about to retort when an officer hurried over to them, and asked, ‘Mr Novak?’ to which both Dean and Cas answered ‘yes?’ in unison, causing Balthazar to roll his own eyes. The officer looked confused for a moment, then continued, ‘Ah, Ms Kline is asking to speak with you? I’m not sure with one, though, I’m afraid.’
in his own mind, he still couldn’t believe his dumb luck). He looked over, and saw Dean walking over to him, suit coat off, tie loosened, and sleeves rolled up to the elbows. He looked absolutely perfect.
‘They teach you how to crash.’ Cas remarked one morning after another such sleepless night, his back to Dean as he fumbled with the coffeemaker.
‘What, no butler?’ Dean teased, trying to wrap his mind around the fact that Cas had just casually mentioned he’d grown up with a cook at a
‘Yeah, but babe, learning something, and actually being in the situation are two different things,’ Dean countered gently, ‘I read every single article Google would throw at me about your surgery, but that don’t mean I should start cutting people open. It ain’t your fault you got hurt... Sometimes shit like this just happens. And who knows, maybe your body subconsciously put some of that training into action without you even realising, and that’s why it wasn’t worse... Cos both the cops and the doctors said they’ve seen much worse outcomes than a busted leg and wrist.’
‘Aw, knock it off with all that,’ Dean said, embarrassed, but not pulling away from Cas’s touch, ‘You talk like you’re writing a friggin’ romance novel or something, I swear. Not a goddamn fairy princess, Cas.’
Sam and Jess appeared a few minutes later, and Cas was immediately gratified to see that Jess looked about as rough as he felt. Her blonde hair was sticking up in a sort of wild halo around her head, and it seemed as though Sam was literally leading her by the through the house until depositing her in a chair across from Cas, and placing a coffee mug in her hands a moment later.
‘Didn’t know you had your wings back, Amelia Earhart,’ he mutters, not looking up, ‘How in the fuck did you get in here? Thought I had the place warded up the wazoo.’ (
‘Two weeks,’ Castiel repeated glumly, but then sighed, and said, ‘Sounds good. Just make sure you take good care of him, alright? That bike is my baby.’
Dean could feel his heart racing — and he couldn’t even blame the excessive amount of caffeine he was about to ingest — and replied as normally as he could, ‘Well, seeing as my boss is technically me, I’d say he’ll probably hand me my ass for being late.’ He took a chance, and gave Gorgeous Barista a wink, which made those blue eyes go even wider.
Claire, but Dean and I keep having these nightmares, and half the time we can’t get back to sleep, and we’re just running ourselves ragged.’
Dean paused, remembering how hard it had been to stay in the moment, and not flashback immediately to his time in Hell, and how Nick’s words had caused a metallic taste of shame in the back of his throat. Against every fibre of his being, every lesson John Winchester, and then his past masters had taught him, he swallowed hard, took a deep breath... And told the truth.
Charlie, as Cas’s ‘Queen of Honour/Best Everything’, gave a speech next, and was absolutely ruthless. She cracked joke after joke at poor Castiel’s expense — throwing a few firecrackers in Dean’s direction as well, just for good measure — until the entire room was in tears again, though this time from laughing so hard. (Dean was genuinely concerned Jo might wet herself.) She ended her speech with a cheer of ‘to Dean and Cas — live long, and prosper, bitches!’ and a dramatic full curtesy, complete with Vulcan salute as she bobbed back up.
‘Yeah, he’s in the back, I’ll grab him in just a sec,’ the young man said as Dean handed his cash over to pay for his water. ‘I’ll go grab the boss.’
‘I got this,’ he told her, and Claire mumbled her thanks, and darted off to her room, calling Amara to follow her. Cas continued to put the groceries away, thinking hard about everything Claire had just said.
Kelly’s eyes looked very bright just then, and she shot another look over at Jack, who at that moment, threw his head back and laughed at something happening on the screen. Dean could see exactly where her thoughts were going. He reached a tentative hand across the bed, and when she didn’t move away, he took her hand in his.
‘Damn,’ Dean remarked, impressed yet again by how big Cas’s thoughts were in that wonderfully strange brain of his, ‘When I was a kid, I wanted to be a cowboy. Pretty sure Sammy wanted to be a dinosaur.’
Still, time moved on, regardless. Now that things were settled with the adoption, it had occurred to Dean and Cas that Claire might be interested in learning to drive. She’d told them she’d gotten her learner’s permit before her parents’ deaths, and had completed the state-approved driver’s ed course, but everything had gotten pushed to the wayside since then. When they brought it up to her one night over dinner, she’d very hesitantly agreed to the idea of moving forward — she’d had her permit more than the required nine months, but had nowhere near fifty hours of driving experience. Dean and Cas vowed to rectify that immediately.
‘Surgery for what?’ Bobby asked, not looking at Dean, who was gripping the top of the desk like his life depended on it.
‘Hello Dean,’ Castiel replied, wiping an arm across his brow, suddenly hyper aware of the fact that he’d been running around like a lunatic all morning, and likely looked like a sweaty, disgusting mess.
He watched Cas talking quietly to Ellen for a few minutes, then realised he hadn’t really checked in on the kids. Dean mentally shook himself, and glanced over at them to see how they were doing. Jack had brought his sketchbook with him, so he was doodling idly at a nearby table, but Claire sat stock still a few feet from Dean, the look on her face hard and indecipherable. Dean thought he knew what was going through her head, and it made his chest ache. He scooted over a few seats, and sat down next to Claire.
Jack looked at him for a very long time, blue eyes searching Dean’s face in a way that made Dean feel as though
‘Not unless fuckin’ Target sells parents,’ Claire said, the anger in her voice cracking through the space between them like a whip, ‘Dunno why you think some shitty shopping trip is going to make a difference — not like Jack and I will be here longer than a few weeks anyway.’
‘Ugh,’ Cas said, (as Frank whooped and stage whispered ‘Cat’s outta the bag now, Castiel!’ making Cas roll his eyes), ‘Yes, Dean, of course it is.’
meant he’d had his ass beat bad enough to require medical attention... but then the doctor had usually taken the liberty of fucking him behind closed doors as well, injuries be damned.
who inspires me the way you do. Those people in there? They’re people who care more about maintaining some sort of sick status quo, or one-upping each other, than anything real or important. I know — I was raised by them to become one of them, and when I dared to deviate from that path even a little, I was completely cut off. My parents told me not to come home over a
‘What for?’ Cas asked, brow wrinkled, head tilted to the side in that picture perfect show of innocent confusion that Dean adored.
Bobby, always good in a crisis, hadn’t asked too many questions, just told Dean to wait by the door, and he’d be there in half an hour. Twenty minutes later he pulled into the driveway, and Dean sprinted out to Bobby’s old Chevelle, nearly tripping over his own feet. They drove in silence, but Bobby kept a grounding hand on Dean’s shoulder the whole time, and next thing he knew, they were pulling into the hospital parking lot. Bobby had barely put the car in park by the emergency department before Dean was bolting through the ER doors.
‘Aw, I didn’t do nothin’,’ Dean mumbled, embarrassed, ‘Garth’s the one who really saved the day. We oughta send him a fruit basket or somethin’.’
‘We’ll take care of it,’ Claire promised, jumping right back in, ‘You know, clean up after it, and, like, feed it and walk it, or whatever?’
to act like this. S’not like you and the kids, losing parents who actually loved you. My mom is... Was...’ he trailed off, apparently unable to come up with any more to say about her.
‘It’s gonna be fine, sweetheart,’ Dean said with a surety he didn’t feel himself, ‘And even if they’re not into it, at least now we’ll know, right? Though they seem like they’re pretty happy here...’
‘I already promised much longer than that,’ Cas replied, using every bit of his willpower to not be visibly affected by Dean’s innocent choice of words.
He returned to his room, feeling good enough to change into street clothes for the first time in what felt like a long time, when his stomach made an audible growling noise, and he was shocked to realise he was actually hungry — a concept that was now so foreign, it made him laugh giddily. He made his way to the kitchen, and scanned the mostly empty fridge, before deciding he and Sam would be going out for breakfast that morning — he deserved it.
‘I love you too, Cas,’ Dean replied, uncharacteristically serious, ‘Just in case you were wondering.’
‘Oh, thank fuck,’ Dean breathed, and Bobby elbowed him in the ribs for his language, so he quickly said, ‘I mean, thank you, doctor. Thank you so much. Is Cas... Is he awake? Can we see him?’
card left to play, and I’m gonna damn well play it.’ Dean starts collecting his own clothes, thinking if Cas is going to take a swing at him, well, he’s at least gonna have his junk covered.
The farmhouse was... A dream. A pain in the ass, beautiful, magical, laundry list of imperfections, dream. He’d never thought he could be someone who lived outside of the city, but something about the property had caught his eye, and he was so very grateful that it did. It was like finding the biggest, best blank canvas, and getting to turn it into whatever he wanted, with the person he loved most in the world by his side.
and even though it wasn’t that funny, everyone had a good, relieved laugh anyway. The nurse informed them that patients were allowed two visitors at a time, so Dean told Ellen and Jo to go ahead and take the first shift. He settled into a chair in just down the hall in a closer waiting room, and leaned back against the wall, closing his eyes for
He woke the next morning, feeling oddly anxious, so before he could change his mind he jumped in Raphael the RAV, and headed back out to the house. There were still no cars in the driveway, but when he parked, he flipped open his phone, and called the number of the realtor atop the sign in the front yard, and made an appointment for a showing later that day, then made the drive back into town that really only ended up being just over half an hour. He could live with that, he thought.
‘Just... Come back inside with me, okay?’ Cas said, reaching for Dean, who took a step back, and another long pull from the bottle, ‘Dean, this isn’t going to do you any good, okay? I’ll give you space, but please — just put the bottle down, and come inside. You told me before you didn’t want to do this anymore, remember? You made me promise to-’
at understanding Claire’s writing, and they talked about different books and authors and poets and god knows what else for hours. Cas watched their animated conversations with soft eyes, feeling only the tiniest bit excluded... But the excited, happy expressions on both Dean and Claire’s faces more than made up for it.
‘Like he’s dying?’ Sam asked bitterly, a humourless laugh escaping his lips, ‘Yeah, that’s cos he is.’
‘Definitely shitty and unfair,’ Dean agreed, his words catching in his throat, ‘Thanks, kid.’ He had the overwhelming urge to reach over and give her a hug, but seriously doubted she’d appreciate the gesture. Claire just nodded again, and refocused her attention on the trail mix she’d hardly eaten any of.
Claire had seemed a bit more settled after her first trip to the store with Dean. It was clear that something had happened, though they both outright refused to spill the beans as to what it was. Whatever had taken place, though, it brokered a sort of uneasy peace between them, though it hadn’t stopped Claire from rolling her eyes so hard Cas had been afraid they might get stuck in the back of her skull when Dean had tried to get her to fist bump. (‘What century is this?’ she’d asked, just staring at him, ‘
‘Definitely,’ Cas said immediately, ‘Please do.’ Dean grinned again and a said a quick goodbye, and was gone.
‘I can’t- I tried, but-,’ Jack said miserably, wrapping one arm protectively around his middle, ‘I’m sorry, Dean, it’s just too much. The food, it’s- I know you said nothing bad is in it, it just makes my mouth feel weird, and my stomach...’
‘You ain’t drivin’ anywhere, chief,’ Benny said, snatching the keys from his hand, ‘C’mon, cher, I gotcha.’
Dean was quiet for a moment, then said, ‘Thanks, but I don’t think that’s gonna work for me. Appreciate the invite, though.’
‘Dean,’ Cas says again, and it’s four letters, one syllable, so heavy, so crammed full of all the things they never said — would never say — that Dean imagines it being tossed into the sea, and plummeting to the depth below like, well, like some asshole with an archangel in his melon, locked in a metal coffin for all of eternity.
‘I don’t know, Mr Winchester,’ the sheriff said, her voice calm and kind, and asked again, ‘You’ll be able to meet him at the hospital?’
‘It would definitely be cool,’ Dean agreed, ‘Go ask him. I bet he’d get a kick outta it. Plus then there’ll be someone to run interference between you and the dick — I mean, Dick.’ (Dean had never quite gotten over the fact that Cas had been introduced to Dick as the
‘No way,’ he breathed, ‘That’d be one bay each for Baby, Balthazar, and that piece of shit Toyota you call a winter car, with room to grow.’
‘Dean took Raphael into the garage for an inspection, but I suppose you could take the Impala if you want, and you promise not to hurt his baby,’ Cas replied with a snort.
‘Hey sweetheart.’ Dean whispered. Cas made a vague groaning noise, then his eyes closed again, and Dean pressed another featherlight kiss into Cas’s hair, his eyes burning again, ‘Hey babe. I’m so sorry — I’m so, so sorry. I shouldn’t have... I should have never been like that. Not with you. You didn’t deserve it — you
‘Yeah, thanks kid,’ Dean agreed, then turned to Cas and asked, ‘Hey, how’d you get here with all your stuff? I’m guessing you didn’t haul your portfolios on your bike?’
Cas doesn’t mention this — Dean’s invocation of all the things he still can’t say out loud — instead, his hands ghost reverently over Dean’s body like he’s exploring something wondrous, some marvel he never thought he’d get to experience. He kisses Dean again, softly this time, heat turned into something heavy, like sorrow, like regret, like all of forever and always condensed into just the touch of lips. Cas kisses Dean like he’s worshiping, praying — or maybe just answering prayers. It doesn’t really matter, not any more.
They made it almost to the door when they were suddenly approached by a man in a black polo with a red Target logo on the sleeve, and a badge emblem on the left side of his chest. At first Dean just nodded in acknowledgement, and moved to walk past him, but the man put his hand on the cart stopping him. Dean peered at his name tag, and read
Everything is honourable about the honour bar, and Dean will face the end of days with honour, a hangover, and a hefty motel bill, but what the hell will it even matter in the end? He sits right on the floor with his back against the wall, cracking open tiny bottle after bottle until they pepper the ugly carpet like overpriced confetti. His head spins in that precarious middle place between pleasant and overwhelming.
Dean couldn’t remember ever having seen a sight more welcome than Cas, banged up though he might be, and surrounded by all sorts of scary looking tubes and wires and monitors, but still so gloriously, wonderfully
‘He’s doing good,’ Ellen said, sounding exhausted, but happy, ‘Cranky as hell, and tried convincing the nurses to let him leave tonight, but I told him he best keep his ass in that bed, and do as he’s told, or there’ll be hell to pay.’
He let himself be led to his seat at the head of this table of family and friends, and light and love, and tried very much to stay present in the moment, but suddenly all he could think was
‘Think I could tell them I want a burger and a Budweiser?’ Dean asked in a whisper, dropping the menu to the table in disgust. Cas smiled.
‘But... The garage?’ Dean asked dazedly. Meg stepped forward and laid a hand on his shoulder, and when she spoke, her voice was soft in a way he’d never heard it before.
Cas holds still for a moment, those fathomless blue eyes roaming over his face, doing that thing that makes Dean feel as though he’s being stripped bare, and flayed open, but in the very best of ways, and Dean feels something behind his eyes begin to burn, and something in his throat get very tight. He sits up, fighting the urge to draw his knees to his chest like a damn child.
‘Sounds about right,’ Cas admitted miserably, ‘I think I really hurt his feelings. I mean, all I said was that there was a big difference between buying a house, and renting an apartment together, but I know that made him feel bad. It had to be super hard for him to ask that in the first place.’
No such luck. Dean was looking down at him (damn that extra inch), eyes positively alight with affection. ‘Oh, is that so?’ he asked cheekily, ‘I hadn’t heard.’
‘I’m gonna get in so much trouble,’ Claire whispered frantically, voice breaking, ‘They’re gonna take me away from Jack. Please don’t let them split us up Dean, please. I promise, I’ll stop being a bitch, just don’t let them take me away. Please.’
‘Oh my god,’ Dean groaned, eyes flying open in surprise, ‘You speak French. Of fucking course you speak French. Goddamn, Cas,’ he exhaled, shifting a bit in his seat, ‘Okay, well that’s a new kink unlocked, holy crap. We are
Cole’s office was smaller than Cas had been picturing, but it still gave him the feelings of calm and safety. He glanced around curiously, taking in both Cole’s diplomas hanging behind his desk, and what looked like some sort of medal or accolade relating to his military service. Cas settled back in his seat, and found Cole looking at him expectantly.
‘Nah, just Kansas,’ Dean said, shifting uncomfortably. This was a topic of conversation he usually avoided if he could help it, ‘But that was a long time ago.’
? I wish you coulda met ’em... You guys woulda spoiled the shit outta ’em, I swear. Y’all really... Y’all really missed out, ya know? I wish you woulda been able to see what my life turned into, meet my family. I think- I
Dr Davies shook Bobby’s hand, and excused himself to disappear back behind the double doors marked NO ADMITTANCE BEYOND THIS POINT — HOSPITAL STAFF ONLY, so Dean and Bobby sat back down to wait to be allowed to go see Cas. After what felt like years, a nurse finally came over to inform them Castiel had been settled into his room, and they were allowed to go up to see him.
Jack came bounding downstairs in his over-excited Labrador fashion, with Claire at his heels, yawning, and staggering over to the coffee maker. Once she had poured herself a cup, she came to sit at the table, and shifted uncomfortably for a moment, seeming like she wanted to say something, but didn’t know how.
This was it — he was gonna lose his license. They were gonna have to file an accident report, the cops would interview him, find out about... About him, and they were gonna take the last remainder of his old life.
Dean nodded, knowing it was going to be a hell of a long time before the kid approached anything even in the neighbourhood of ‘alright’, but nevertheless forced himself to settle down as he fumbled with the seatbelt — the last thing he wanted to do was walk into the police station reeking of guilt and regret and sadness.
‘I was just looking,’ Claire said quickly, ‘I don’t need anymore stuff. Besides, they’re probably shit quality that’ll fall apart after, like, a month or something anyway.’ She turned away from the shoe display, and put the rain boots in the card alongside Jack’s.
‘My buddy, Benny’s back with the truck and was gonna help me grab the rest of it, but if you’re all set here and don’t mind pitching in, I’m sure we could use all the manpower we could get to move that dragon,’ Dean said gratefully. At that exact moment, Charlie appeared, looking almost intimidatingly cool, in a pair of badass combat boots, and fishnet tights, under a bright green tutu, and what appeared to be a chainmail halter top, with black flowers woven into her hair.
‘I just- I used to-’ he starts, not knowing how that sentence is going to end, not knowing how to say the words he swore he’d never breathe life into, because that would make the memories
He still went to the occasional AA meeting, despite even Cole agreeing he really didn’t sound like an alcoholic, but that limiting or prohibiting drinking was probably a good idea. They’d worked out that a good chunk of the issue was him transferring his trauma from Cas’s accident to their fight over his drinking the night before (and really, it hadn’t been a fight, so much as Dean blowing the fuck up like an out of control toddler), and that focussing on the drinking, was Dean’s way of trying to control a situation he had no control over. Still, Dean found himself actually enjoying the meetings he went to, and Aaron, the friendly Jewish dude who ran the show, had assured him that the only stipulation for a membership was the desire to stop drinking, which Dean definitely had, so he kept it up about once a month.
‘Love you too, Da- Dean,’ Claire replied, flushing immediately. She stepped back and asked, ‘Can I go tell Kaia? She’s gonna lose her shit.’
Despite having sank back down to his knees, the kid otherwise looked... Like a kid. He had on worn looking jeans, a blue t-shirt with some sort or sarcastic saying on it, and beat up sneakers, but altogether, not too bad for lost and found castoffs. Dean could tell, by the way he kept fidgeting with the hem of his shirt, that he wasn’t accustomed to being so covered — yet another phenomenon Dean could definitely relate to.
Claire let out a heartbreaking, terrified noise from somewhere deep in her throat, and opened her coat a tiny bit to reveal what looked like a journal and a package of pens tucked into the lining. She looked up at him, blue eyes huge with guilt and fear, and Dean made a split second decision that was probably ridiculous, but he always said he wasn’t the Winchester who got the common sense gene. Using sleight of hand skills he’d proudly honed in his younger years, he brushed by Claire, slipped her hand into her jacket, and grabbed the offending items without breaking pace. He then followed Asa into the back room, Claire trailing behind them, thunderstruck.
‘You go put eyes on him boy, and report back to me if he’s tried to pull his damn IV out again, ya hear?’ Ellen said, a little gruffly, ‘I’m so glad you were with him today, Dean. Thank you.’
made me swear I wouldn’t let you do this!’ Cas shot back, standing his ground, but Dean could see Cas’s hands shaking as he crossed his arms across his chest, ‘You told me this might happen, and if it did, to not let you go down this road. Do you really think getting rip roaring drunk is the best way to honour your parents’ memories, c-considering it was a drunk driver that-’ Cas stuttered over his last question looking horrified at his own words, unable to even finish before Dean reeled back like Castiel had hit him.
‘Where is she?’ Dean asked, his voice shaking with an emotion that Cas couldn’t quite get a read on. Cas opened his mouth to tell him when Dean looked past him and called, ‘
‘Still, fond memories,’ Ishim sighed wistfully, ‘You were, and remain one of my most beautiful acquisitions, Castiel.’
Dean and Cas decided they would have to address it if the weirdness continued... Which it did, so that was how Cas found himself sitting at the kitchen table with the three kids one Wednesday night, feeling as though he was preparing for battle. Dean cleared his throat pointedly, and all three kids and Cas whipped their heads around to look at him, and he set down his fork and shifted uncomfortably.
Castiel watched as Dean was led out to the parking lot by his giant of a brother, completely baffled by what had just happened. He’d pretty much given up hope of ever seeing Dean again after he realised three weeks had passed since he’d picked up his motorcycle, so just the fact that Dean had been there at all had been a shock. Then he’d seen the state Dean was in — he was so thin his clothes hung off his frame, and he looked like he was holding himself together by sheer force of will. Castiel had secretly wondered if this was drugs related, though he hated to make assumptions, but then following Dean’s freak out and request for his brother to come help him to the car made him think maybe that theory held some weight after all.
‘Why should I believe a word you say?’ the woman shot back flatly, still taking a protective stance in front of her son. ‘No one helps or cares about omegas like that. We’re just... Cattle. They hurt us, and kill us, and no one does anything about it.’
...’ Dean broke off in disgust, both at the idea of Cas’s hippie car, and at what a moron he definitely sounded like with his babbling, but when he looked up, Kelly’s eyes had gone soft again, and she was looking at him with the same motherly fondness as she had with Jack, despite likely being the same age as Dean.
‘Can you put the code in to open the door?’ Dean asked, turning so Cas was facing the panel, and waited for Cas to type in 1-9-6-7 into the keypad so the automatic garage door opener would kick on. Once the door had opened enough to allow them to fit under, Dean ducked inside, and unceremoniously deposited Cas onto the cement floor with a groan.
When Dean had given her a questioning look, she’d sighed and said, ‘I probably shouldn’t be telling you this, but this clusterfuck of a case just got dropped in my lap for a ten year old boy and his fifteen year old sister... Parents killed by a drunk driver, and now they’re all each other has in this world. The boy’s easy enough, but the girl... She’s fought tooth and nail against anyone who’s even
, and he likewise looked appropriately abashed. Cas gave her a kiss on the cheek and a glass of wine for her efforts.)
move then, to try to retrieve his clothes that have been scattered haphazardly around the room, and it’s only when he makes the first move towards redressing that Dean is spurred into action.
‘And we have work to do to get this place in order for the after party, so you’re going to have to skedaddle before that,’ Charlie ordered, hands on her hips, ‘I’ve arranged for a photographer to meet you at the Morton Arboretum, so you can be basic bitches and get pretty, pretty wedding pics taken, then you’re taking a horse drawn carriage ride around
‘Hey babe,’ Cas answered after a few rings, ‘Hope your day’s going better than mine; Claire and Jack are
living on borrowed time, he didn’t want to waste any of it on playing games. He wanted to be with Dean, and apparently, somehow, Dean wanted to be with him as well.
After that, the next few weeks seemed to fly by. April came and went without anything noteworthy taking place, and then came the middle of May, which meant it was Jack’s birthday,  which he convinced Dean and Cas to take him and Jesse to play paintball for, and Dean found out what a truly terrible shot Cas was. He’d ended up covered in paint, which Dean teased him about relentlessly, saying that he should be used to it, seeing as he was an artist and all. Cas replied that the paints he usually worked with weren’t typically projectiles being shot at his body, and bitched and moaned about how much pain he was in until Dean promised to give him a full body massage and kiss every bruise (and then some.)
